It's hard to eat at Le Pain Quotidien without feeling like a bit of an ass. I've been to this one and to two locations in NYC (Upper East Side and Soho). The reason I say this is because the food, while tasty, is always served on teeny tiny plates, just urging you to make a mess of crumbs and debris from your open face "sandwich." And the atmosphere is so unspeakably ostentatious - in its good taste - just reeking of privilege in a way that I find embarrassing. I like the freshly baked spelt bread, the tuna/pesto "sandwich", and the coffee, but I feel like such a douche-bag when I eat here. It's just the vibe.So listen. Le Pain Quotidien is the best of both worlds. There's a coffee shop at the front of the store, if you want hot drinks and pastries to go. It's also a restaurant, where you seat yourself and have a waiter for your table. Yes, the cups are more like bowls and, yes, sometimes the place is short-staffed, but the food will never let you down. Everything I've ordered here has been delicious and I will definitely come back again.Excellent location. Walnut street was in need of a great eatery after a day of shopping or strolling around. The organic menu makes it an even better choice.I rarely ever review anything, but I just had to give a shoutout to the excellent customer service I've received every time I've come here! 
While Le Pain Quotidien is a little pricey to eat there on the daily, I came to this location two times in a row last week because the wonderful woman behind the counter was SO friendly and attentive and speedy! I got a cup of soup and some bread to-go for $7, which ain't bad for a small, but decent lunch. The first time, I waited no more than 7min or something. The second time, it took a little longer, like 10min, but again, that wonderful woman behind the counter gifted me with a complimentary mint lemonade! It's a small gesture, and not even necessary for such a short wait, but it made an impression on me. Such fabulous service! 
The food is pretty good. I've never ventured far from the soups (that's all I can really afford!), but they come with bread and I'm more or less satisfied. Simple, tasty, organic, and healthy.Sunday Brunch / Breakfast -  Crowded -  Tight tables - Lots of baby carriages  - Noisy - Food was just OK -  Do not mind spending $5.95 for Oatmeal but $2.95 for a cup of coffee - NOT.  4 coffee's 3 salads and some fruit salad / sides for 4 was $90 without tip.  Service was spotty  -  Asked for Splenda for the coffee and by time it got there coffee was no longer hot - Asked for lemon for the water and had to ask again.  The strangest part of the experience was when the table next to us handed us our check because the waiter could not get through the tight tables to give it to us directly.  Not sure if I would go running back anytime soon.The atmosphere was nice and the wait staff pleasant.  The decor evoked a rustic French experience.  The food and drink was served quickly.  I wanted to like it BUT; the food is just mediocre. 
 My Roast Beef tartine that I ordered was rather skimpy.  The meat was grey looking not pink or reddish.  Grey looking meat is just icky.  The bread was a bit on the limp side and a little soggy.  The seasoning was fine.  I hate to say that I have had better at Le Bon Pain.  
The cappacino was served in one of the most oddest cups, one without a handle.  You are supposed to grip the base which made the delivery (for the server) a bit hazardous for all involved.  sure, it is a cute, clever design but I thought, "Get over it and bring me a real coffee cup." 
Their breads cannot touch Le Bus for flavor, texture and taste.  Since this was once a clothing store, I think. there was only one bathroom in the place which is a bit taxing when the place is rushed.
Also, considering it is a recession, the prices were a bit much considering the quality of the food.Bianca
I am unable to provide check number or server name as no one ever came to serve me and my family.I was pretty excited to see Le Pain Quotidien here in Philly - I loved it in NYC.  The breads and pastries are dependably great. The Philadelphia version seems to be pretty busy at all times - and the communal table is a great choice as it is really fast service.  The sandwiches are great here - and the ingredients are all pretty darn fresh and great. The soup is pretty super, and the service was relatively great. It is a bit pricey - but so are many Le Pain's. I look forward to going here at different times and figuring out when I can sit there and do work.Design and style are appealing. Food is quite light but the smoked salmon tartine was good.I can't say enough good things about this place! The food is always amazing and they have great staff members as well as management! Cooper is the best! I also love the classes they offer! I've introduced many people to this restaurant and will continue to do so!I love the food here, but the service is extremely sub-par.   The only reason I keep going back is because of the amazing food.  Even when it is not busy at all, you will not get good or timely service.Went to Le Pain Quotidien on Walnut Street and shared Grilled Chicken & Smoked Mozzarella Melt that was delicious, and our Server Amar B was fabulous, he made sure we had everything we needed.Even though the whole place was empty, I was not allowed to sit down anywhere because I was ordering from the counter. Hmph!
Sidenote: the first time I ever went here, I was sitting next to this fancy Parisian woman. She asked the waiter when her food was coming out because it was taking a while. He responds "It should be out shortly". She then starts to yell, "What does shortly mean? You keep saying shortly and I see no food. If I have to wait any longer, I am going to buy this place!!"  - I could not help but giggle. I wish I had that much money to say such things when receiving bad service.Ok this is weird.
The service was awesome. I got greeted when I walked in the door the place was very inviting and I asked about the food and the assistant was very helpful. I put in my order for a parfait and Mochichino.  
I thought the food was overpriced but I got over that.
Now how do you mess up fruit and yogurt?  The fruit was very bitter, like it was picked way to early and the honey in the yogurt was only at the very bottom I couldn't even stir it into the yogurt, it was like one squirt.  And I personally like granola in my parfait and this was like some mix of bland nuts like oats and pumpkin seeds.
So I finish this not so ok parfait to start my Mochichino.  OMG it was dry tasting and didn't even have a chocolate flavor to it.  It was like a coffee gone bad, only it wasn't coffee.  
Suffice to say, I will not stop in there again, nor will I recommend
them.Love the breads and the choices for breakfast. The coffee is great and so is the service. You could have an amazing Sunday brunch with friends herewent here to study with some classmates
Highlight: free wifi, excellent service, tasty items on menu
Lowlight: food portions seemed to be on the small side and a bit TOO healthy.Great place to grab breakfast. I love coming here for some coffee and pastries. They have outdoor seating which is great for the summer.Nice cozy place...The staff members are very pleasant and attentive. They have a pretty good selection of different healthy foods, and I especially love drinking their delicious tea at this place. Also, the morning oatmeal is quite tasty. I sit at the outside tables and usually have brief work meetings with a colleague.Excellent ambience. Good selection of breakfast items. Very friendly service. Just enough food. Not for real big eaters highly recommend.The food is decent but man the service is terribly slow. I stopped in on a week night before an appointment I had in center city and all I ordered was an avocado toast with a fried egg and that took close to 40 minutes to come out. Mind you that the place was basically empty there were two occupied tables when I got there one of which was done maybe 5-10 mins after I got there. There seemed to have been only one waiter and I did see a couple of other employees, one behind the coffee counter doing absolutely nothing and someone else like bringing stuff to the coffee counter cold cases. At one point there was nobody at the coffee counter and the waiter had to go over to help a customer. The manager was definitely at the place but completely oblivious of the slow service. So much for a quick bite before my appointment. I probably won't come back here ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Besides a cozy and rustic atmosphere, all I can remember from my short visit here was the scone.
You bit into it and it instantly raped your mouth of all moisture making you feel like you just took a big hunk out of a chalk stick. The dryness and powdery residual dust from a scone gone very, very wrong lingered even after dowsing our mouths with water. 
No bueno. If you want to experience the above-mentioned without paying for a scone, just walk outside and lick the sidewalk. I'm talking a nice, tongue-rubbing against the gravely cement. YummmmI tried to like this place really. But its just does not tickle my taste buds. I just bought a croissant and it was dry and not flakey. There in house drink was tarty. There to high to try again.Will not be returning.Love coming here for a quiet bite. The staff are always very nice and helpful and the food is delicious. I love the hot honey lemon and ginger drink they have in the winter, the banoffee tart is uh.ma.zing. and I also enjoy the proscuitto, fig and ricotta tartine.First time in Philadelphia, walked past this place and saw their bustling patio, decided to check out the menu and everything sounds great so we went in and got some lunch. Food was awesome and the staff was even better. A great place for a relaxing lunch and conversation.Just stopped by for a meeting at the 801 Walnut Street location. Very pleasant inside, lots to choose from, quiet, yet social. I didn't pay so I can't comment on pricing but the coffee was good and so was everything we nibbled on. I thought the service was just fine as well.What a great place for breakfast! Not crowded and delicious frittatas! They have an extensive menu and are in a great area. They also serve alcohol (beer and wine) for those curious.What is wrong with you guys ? There is not one visit  that would go right ? Nausea things like spoon for coffee or straws, clean the table from leftovers. Are these things so foreign to the management and employees ?? I don't get it. It these are basic expectations. This chain sued to rock and it still is many other locations like NYC or LA but this spot ? Just don't get it. The service is sloooowww and drags on. By the time you get your breakfast it's lunch time. Just wrong. It should shut downEverything is so fancy and elegant here! A little expensive and service can be kinda slow during busy hours, but aren't all great restaurants? I like all the various vegan/vegetarian options! They are very clearly labeled and very tasty! The vegan pastries are yummy! I liked their carrot cake muffin! It's so moist and not dried out like how some vegan treats can be.OMG, this place is awesome. 
You can go to Paris at the corner of Walnut and Broad with their fabulous decor. Even though I've never been to Paris but the minimalistic decor, the warm wall color, the simple wood tables and chairs set me in the Parisien mood. 
They serves lunch and dinner as well as quiche and tartines. Their non-alcoholic drinks are organic. Their parties are amazing including their duo chocolate mousse.In 4 or 5 visits, I've never been disappointed by the food or the service. Service moves at a certain pace - don't come if you're in a hurry - you'll have some moments to get settled and more time after you're done. The fresh salads are my favs; the lentil salad is always great. Coffee is wonderful. Baked yummies are wonderful. They serve a yogurt with dried fruit and granola in three little pots that will entertain a young'un for quite a while. I appreciate them for what they are: delicious fresh food and baked goods in a relaxed atmosphere. Pricey, but on a day when quiet and unhurried is what's called for, worth every bit.it wasn't as good as i remember it....
there were lots of vegan options, but i felt like the items were overpriced. the kale cesar salad was pretty yummy and creamy. the chai latte was good, but def not spicy enough, and the portion was really small. it was also weak.Not very good. Friday morning 8:30am and no chai made even though on menu so no latte for me. Ordered ham n cheese croissant and didn't want a salad this early so asked for just croissant or fruit instead. Told sorry but that's how it comes!  $10 for a croissant and salad I didn't want!  Think I need my latte:(. Brought out croissant with side of berries but I still had to go find my latte elsewhere and my hubby got his omelette with a salad that he didn't touch-yuck! Will not be back for $25 so-so breakfast. People watching great on sidewalk though.This is probably one of my favorite chain restaurant/ bakery. It is so convenient for me and really like their cozy ambiance. 
They do not really bother me once I order so it is perfect to catch up with friends or read myself even. 
I always get their Paris ham & cheese tartine or quinoa cake with arugula. Once they ran out hummus and informed me after I ordered so I had to eat without hummus. Wasn't that good. Would been nice if they substitute with other ingredient though.Ok this is weird.
The service was awesome. I got greeted when I walked in the door the place was very inviting and I asked about the food and the assistant was very helpful. I put in my order for a parfait and Mochichino.  
I thought the food was overpriced but I got over that.
Now how do you mess up fruit and yogurt?  The fruit was very bitter, like it was picked way to early and the honey in the yogurt was only at the very bottom I couldn't even stir it into the yogurt, it was like one squirt.  And I personally like granola in my parfait and this was like some mix of bland nuts like oats and pumpkin seeds.
So I finish this not so ok parfait to start my Mochichino.  OMG it was dry tasting and didn't even have a chocolate flavor to it.  It was like a coffee gone bad, only it wasn't coffee.  
Suffice to say, I will not stop in there again, nor will I recommend
them.I haven't eaten any meals here, I've only had the desserts and a watermelon cooler (which I loved). The fruit tarts and chocolate mousse may be a bit sweet for some but I like their chocolate croissant.Just left here, came in for a Sunday brunch. We sat outside which was nice, it added to the authentic French cafe feel. We ordered the waffles with fruit and chocolate, my boyfriend also got the egg skillet both were fantastic.
The real highlight of this place however was the server, Monet. Our food took a bit long to come out but we didn't care, she came to us and removed the coffee from our bill and offered us two free bakery items. She was absolutely excellent and made our visit 100x more pleasant. Highly recommend stopping by for a visit, and if you can ask for Monet!Yes, it's a chain.  But they do it right.  
One of life's pleasures is a big bowl of cafe au lait.  LPQ serves it in a vat, steaming with just the right amount of foam.  Paired with a soft boiled egg and some very good bread, it's enough to forget your worries for a morning.  
I've been to several of the NYC locations, and was pleasantly surprised by how excellent the service was at the Phila location.  I recommend going on off-hours, as I'm guessing that it will get crowded during the rush and on weekends.A very cute cafe and more just off Broad and Walnut downtown. It's nice for a good cup of coffee after all the other coffee shops nearby shut down around 7pm. The interior has a nice ambience and it looks like they host some local events like baking with Mom or cookies with Dad. Limited coffee menu, and baked goods sell out early but are very nice. A little pricey for what you get, but you'll be sure to enjoy whatever you do.
Overall: 3.5/5 come for the later in the evening cup of coffee and grab one of the remaining pastries. The ideal spot for a night time pick me up while you're downtown.Awful service, rude and unprofessional. They didnt give me the food that i ordered and it was cold. Do not recommend unless you have a whole afternoon to be served. They leave open jars of spreads and jams on the table for use. Im not a fan of those communal condiments.  The room is pretty though.I like this place quite a lot because of its nice environment and I get to sit here as long as I want. It's a good place to hang out with friends, also get their hot chocolate it's great!!The dessert and coffee were good, but felt a bit overpriced. Feels like a good place though for breakfast, brunch, or lunch. Not a place for dinner although it says so on their sign outside.I know that everyone is a little annoyed by their prices . . . but go try their coffee . . . price will no longer matter.  This cup of coffee is the highlight of my morning.  I do not drink Starbucks coffee which leaves me with very few options on my walk to work other than Dunkin Donuts.  Thank goodness for Le Pain Quotidien.  They have solved my morning coffee dilemma!I pass by this place every day on my way to work, and it's usually always so busy around 9:30. I was always quite curious as to the cuisine, so I looked this up on Yelp to find that people really don't like it as much as I've seen over the past months. So, I decided to go in and see if it was really as bad as they wrote. As I walked in, I was immediately greeted by a male server with a ponytail as well as the barista behind the counter. The man told me I could sit wherever I liked, and immediately came with a menu for me so I could look. Since this was lunchtime, it was quite busy, but I was surprised by how personable my server was. I could see that this was a trend,as every server tried to give each customer personalized attention. The food was refreshing and delicious, but what intrigued me was how simple it was. You can tell everyone cares at this job; the managers came out to help the servers when it got too busy. All in all, I would say this restaurant is a gem.Food: 3.5 stars
Service: 3 stars (the restaurant could use more structure)
Ambiance: 4.5 stars
Location: 4 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
Recommendations:  Le Pain Quotidien is a refreshingly healthy restaurant in Center City.  It provides great alternatives to the heavier and more unhealthy dining experiences in the city.  They feature ingredients that are organic (which I really do not really care about) and dishes are well prepared.  
I would recommend sharing the Mediterranean Platter with someone (Hummus, Baba Ganoush and Tabouli) and ordering an open faced sandwich.  The roast beef sandwich was delicious.
Service was a little erratic and their alcohol license was pending.  Nevertheless, this is a good option for lunch in Center City if you are looking for lighter/healthier options.  Reminds me of California cuisine.
Overall: 3.5 starsQuite pricey, but you know what you're getting into when you come to Le Pain Quotidien. I've been to this location twice and the first time I came, I was slightly disappointed; I had ordered the prosciutto, pear, and fig tartine but instead of pears, they had put apples on my tartine (small detail but if I'm paying twenty dollars for a meal, I'd prefer my order be done correctly). Still, the space is ambient and the second time I came, I ordered this wonderful omelette and had an amazing salad. Looking forward to visiting Philly's other location!Great food and they are very careful on gluten free options.Just had the Cobb salad today. Not bad in a general sense (how wrong can you go with mixed greens, avocado and egg) but the chicken breast was unacceptable by any standard. Dry, tasteless and old looking. Of all the ingredients that are included in this salad only the chicken is where a chef can show his art and in that the establishment's chef failed miserably.
The restaurant fails as well by letting food of such a low quality be served.Good ambiance, friendly waiter, enjoyable food--not much to be picky about here.  One issue of note: we were in a rush and it took quite a while to get our food.  Perhaps the fact that we were in a rush amplified how long the wait felt... but I'm pretty sure it was just objectively a much longer wait than usual at comparable establishments.Get the white bean hummus.  If it's early or not on the menu, ask for it.  You won't be disappointed.I'd say 2 1/2 if I could just cause it's cute. Went for just coffee and dessert with family on a Saturday night around 6.
The cozy, rustic-chic ambience and layout of the place fools you into thinking this is gonna be the best cafe you've ever had the pleasure of visiting. Au contraire. 
I've never been to France so maybe they were going for that whole sidewalk bistro nuts and bolts of coffee and pastries- no gimmicks, no flair, etc. As far from Dunkin's sugary goodness as you can imagine. But I wasn't diggin' it.
For one, I thought we could order at the counter and get drinks and pastries to go or sit down with, in ideally less than ten minutes. No, we had to sit and have a 40 minute ordeal of a server bringing a menu, taking our orders, the pastry chef and barista preparing our orders, consuming our beverages, and then waiting for the check. 
My latte came in one flavor only- latte. No syrups or fun, just bland and foamy and luke warm at best.  We ordered buttermilk scones, expecting after a ten minute wait that they'd be warm and moist and buttery and fluffy. Nope. They might as well have been hockey pucks- so dry and flavorless I had to smother it in honey. 
Cute concept, but executed poorly.my boyfriend and i just had a wonderful brunch here. we work two doors down from the place and needed a place to grab brunch before we start our day. the wide variety of drinks and breakfast options, all with organic ingredients made for a truly beautiful meal. the paris ham and gruyere croissant with the mustard trio was amazing. the veggies were so so fresh. our waiter was attentive and cheerful. it's a great cute place that is a great escape from the hustle and bustle of center city. 
i will definitely return.It's a chain restaurant and there's not much different I can say about it than any other one I visited across the country.
There were a few locations I have visited that were horrendous in terms of service. It was not the case here; my experience was good. 
Food was good, preparation and taste was same I had elsewhere.I have been here a few times and I would have to say I am a fan.  Many reviews written for this location point out that it is expensive for what it is...  It's not a cheap/quick eatery.   Many of the dishes are prepared with organic ingredients; in my opinion it's reasonable to expect the cost to be higher than average.  (Two entrees, two teas, two desserts: $46+ Tip).  As a vegan I appreciate that there are several, clearly labeled, unique options in each category of the menu.  I am always pleased with the quality of the food and the straightforward presentation.  Service is somewhat less predictable (today, at times, my server seemed to disappear at critical moments... wanting more tea, for example).  I'm usually here for business meetings and not in a rush so I like that they don't hover over me, and it's a pleasant environment for conversation.From reading other review it is clear this place is hit or miss. I had a solidly "Meh" late lunch experience here. The space is cute and their two large communal tables definitely make good use of the space.  Once inside there was no clear signage about waiting to be seated so we added ourselves onto the end of what seemed to be the line. There was a commotion ahead of us with the manager helping to play musical chairs to make customers happy that delayed our seating. When we caught the eye of server who came over and we asked how long it might be for a table for 3 she said "you'll have to talk to the manager, I'M not allowed to seat people anymore." Uh, ok. Once seated the service by Tony was kind and efficient. Our food choices: Smoked salmon tartine, roast turkey sandwich and the Cobb salad.  Each plate was decent but nobody finished their food despite medium sized portions.  Their Cobb salad has a smoked dressing on it that overwhelm the rest of the flavors. Had it been easier to get a seat or less expensive it could be 3 stars.  I might be back but only to have cappuccino in a bowl because the food wasn't worth the published calories.Le Pain Quotidien has a  rustic decor, reminiscent of a provincial village.  I came here for a cup of coffee with a girlfriend and we ended up sitting around for 3 hours chatting. We also shared a pistachio tart which seemed more like a pistachio loaf/bread to me.  It was tasty, but not incredible.  I really enjoyed the coffee we had, which was a cafe au lait.  It arrived in a cute little latte bowl. 
As we were leaving, we noticed many people coming in for dinner (as opposed to a coffee chat) and the food smelled and looked good. It is a 
little pricey, but nothing egregious. 
3.5 stars but the service was very good so ill round it up to 4. Service was unobtrusive but helpful.A nice place, delicious desserts, I would highly recommend the banoffee pie.  Our waitress, Tyshae, was super helpful and informative.  I would definitely go again!I walked in to carry out some pastries. Ordered two and the woman behind the counter, who I believe was the manager, gave me a sour face. So, being a Georgia girl who tries to be pleasant, I upped my order to a 4 pastries and threw in an iced coffee. Then, when asking for a paper menu to take away, that too was met with a scowl. When she asked me if I wanted it bagged, well, yes, I do.  Jeez.  I found the gentleman who made my iced coffee to be friendly but really, I think I'll go to Telah's near me because they are nicer.Came up to Philly for the weekend and was excited to see Le Pain Quotidien.  I've had good experiences in NYC and DC area locations, however, the service in Philly proved to be disappointing.  We came in around 10:30 am on Friday when it was not busy.  They were out of a lot of items and our drinks took a while to arrive.  Also, our food sat up on the kitchen counter for 10 minutes before being delivered and we had to consistently seek out refills, the condiment tray. etc...  It wasn't worth it considering the prices.I have been here twice and while the portions are not huge, they do fill you up. The service was excellent and the staff friendly. I  love the blueberry muffins and the coffee is very good too.  I will certainly keep going and enjoying the nice atmosphere on a weekend morning.This is my favorite lunch place when I stroll around center city.  It has the most healthy salads and quinoa bowls.  The environment is nice and relaxing.  I had the same waiter twice in a row, he explains the menu items patiently, I always have lots of questions.  He also taught me how to pronounce the name of the restaurant in French, too bad I forgot already.  I would definitely recommend this place to my friends.The veritable cafe/bakery lands in Philly. Good space, focused on conversation and food (not the usual posers spending all day on their notebooks and cellphones).
Coffee is respectable (not great) + order a small, cause the large coffee drinks are served in bowls - too huge! Pastries are good -- personal favorite is the pistachio tart. Sandwiches also fresh, good ingredients, and with a variety including smoked salmon, egg salad, fresh turkey and good veggies, it's a welcome change from the usual sandwich.If you've not yet tried Rittenhouse LPQ, then drop everything and stop in today! All LPQ fare is delicious and nutritious, but the welcoming, kind staff and lively city location make Rittenhouse LPQ my hands-down fave cafe in Philly.Stopped in for a late lunch at Le Pain Quotidien, my third visit. Despite the fact that it was about 3:00 , the service was unbelievably slow. The food was good, but the portions small relative to the ridiculous prices. There won't be a fourth visit.I was in the area..so this was the spot we decided to go..since we parked near Market St. We decided , my brunch buddy to get Organic spinach salad @ 13.95 with goat cheese, walnuts , etc.., she got split pea soup, I got almond tart. We both got latte, & it came in a cup with NO holders. As our waiter brought it to us, look like soup or something. Didn't like the fact that it was small, scolding hot, we would be burning our hands, what if you were eating , something sticky or greasy , slipped, coffee everywhere???!! Yeah..I was Not feeling that at all. The bill was expensive, for 2 of us, $33.00 , salad, 2 latte ..not  certain this is my choice all the time..can get little pricey..but the salad was Good.Went here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the unique and varied menu. The rustic french atmosphere was quite charming and sophisticated. The food here is exquisite and exceptional, but a little on the pricier side.Worst service experience EVER.  Waited 70 minutes for my very simple breakfast on a Sunday afternoon.  Place was busy but not jammed so I failed to understand a reason for my experience.  Ordered a simple apple turnover to hold me over after I'd waited 20 minutes which never came.  Had to retrieve it for myself, as well as any condiments.  A horrendous experience.Worst service ever. I went in about six months ago to buy some bread and pastries. Two people were at the cash register talking to each other and didn't even look in my direction. I waited almost five minutes and then walked out.
This week, I decided to try again. This time there was NOBODY in the front. I saw few people behind the glass in the back. Finally, one of them walked in my direction. But, instead of approaching me, started rearranging some things on a shelf. He never looked to see if anyone was waiting to buy anything.
At that point, I said loudly, the service here really sucks and walked out the door.Superb omelette made with organic eggs. Kids loved the warm Belgium waffle. Fresh brewed coffee was delicious. Comfortable atmosphere and friendly service.Short story: NEVER coming back.
Long story: I used to really like this spot when they first opened. They used to be well staffed, food was good. However, over the years, the quality of both the staff and food has drastically changed. 
Today, I decided to have breakfast at Le Pain for the first time in a while. The tables were slightly dirty with crumbles and liquid. The server not attentive at all. He didn't offer me water or anything to drink. He came with a menu, it was wet. He immediately apologized then got me a new one. He continued to do other tasks until finally after almost 10-15 mins, I had to request if I could make an order. As I was waiting for my food, more patrons came in. I ordered the skillet baked eggs with salmon and dill on top. It took 20 mins for the food to come out. I saw my food sitting on the shelf for almost 10 mins before someone gave it to me. Even the girl that came 10 mins after me got her food before me and was already munching on it! The skillet eggs looked so sad when it came out. It looked like it was someone's first time attempting to cook. It was edible but definitely not worth $14. I also ordered a coconut milk latte, which my server later told me they ran out of coconut milk. Instead, I got almond milk. The latte was tasted like paper. On top of everything it took forever to get my check. But he took my cash right away. 
I have never been so disappointed with my experience at Le Pain until now. I'm never coming back.The blonde waiter lost a good customer this morning with his arrogant  lack of service.Needed a quick bite to eat on my way to work, so I ordered the Dragon fruit smoothie bowl and the chocolate croissant. The smoothie bowl was not very refreshing, and was weirdly lumpy from not being blended well. The bowl was disappointingly small; Whole Foods sells better smoothie bowls at a lower price. The croissant was missing that satisfying crunch that they should all have. Understandably, they probably come in bulk frozen and are baked in the store, so it will have some Starbucks croissant essence to it, but for 4.50, definitely not worth getting. You'll find better luck at the smaller cafes around the corner.I am sitting at the window in Le Pain Quotidien - Rittenhouse. I walked in and ordered coffee and asked for a menu. I was told to sit anywhere and someone would be with me shortly. I was here for 30 minutes, without a menu. I now have a menu and have been for nearly 45 minutes still without service. Usually, I would simply leave an spot with terrible service, but I have an appointment just across the street in a few minutes now. I'm curious as to how much longer before someone inquires as to service. Oh, and I'm pretty sure the almond milk is bad, I had a few chunks in my $8.00 coffee.I purchased two cafe lattes to go and a pain au chocolat. The lattes were made by an electronic machine, leading me to believe afore that they would be super-par (that being a bad thing, you see, in golf). Alas, my foresight proved all too correct for my own well-being and my lattes were lacking. Amiss, I cogitated that perchance the pain would be the equalizer. I would later find out that I would be wrong. Therefore, gentlefolk, I suggest you saunter down the highway a bit to the other cafe with the famed Belgian sugar waffles. I bid you ado.Thanks to the fine people at Le Pain Quotidien for opening its first location in Philly.  We deserve it.  Although I cannot pronounce their name right, and I'm probably butchering it every time I say it, I definitely like this place a lot.  I know that some might get sticker-shock when they take a look at the menu prices, but this NYC-import has ambiance and food quality (organic, healthy choices) that are hard to find anywhere else.
You might ask why a gluten-free person like myself would step inside this glutenous place, what with its bread baskets and delicious pastries teasing me.  I noticed that there are more GF choices here than there used to be - a quiche with GF buckwheat crust (veggie), plenty of salads with decadent cheeses and fun ingredients (I had the goat cheese salad with arugala, parm, pine nuts, lemon and olive oil...simply delicious).  Plus a nice selection of eggs and omelettes for breakfast.  My friend had their version of tuna salad, which had absolutely no mayo but he loved it (it's a dainty looking open-face sandwich with cucumber and radish slices).  Also had a hot cider that made my day after how cold it has been.  My friend Andrew had mint tea, which came with mint leaves in it - very very pretty and tasty!
From fruit/yogurt parfaits to bread to salads and coffee drinks, everything that comes out of this place looks beautifully made and presented that way.  Love the natural wood tables and chairs, and I especially love the communal tables.  
Stay tuned for more locations to come!  There are 28 in NYC and I'm sure this is the first of many in PHL.Apricot crumble is incredible. That and a very tasty iced skim mochacchino and you have a great $10(!!) breakfast.Great breakfast spot!
Where else can you get a $15 breakfast 'tartine' reminiscent of leftover pizza and a cup of coffee served in a cereal bowl delivered as slowly as possible?I was looking for a good place to get a loaf while visiting the city and ended up here. I hadn't heard of it before but the beautiful baguettes drew me in. The crust is done right and the crumb is beautiful. Their high quality bread was cheaper than I expected at around $3 for a baguette.  If you want real bread I suggest them.So the egg salad tartine was an egg salad sandwich with all of the accompaniments on the side cut into wedges that didn't fit between the bread and anchovies that were quite possibly from a can. And the mint lemonade was so tart that you couldn't taste the mint, even when it made the drink turn green. 
Total faux-france experience. Boo.
Please see my pics for references.I am a huge fan of the NYC locations, so I was excited to see it come to Walnut Street. The organic coffee was delish, and to have the option of agave as a sweetener was a huge plus. The chai tea was so so, needed some sugar. I had a bowl of the vegetarian split pea soup, which was tasty and kind of bland, but I like bland. I do not use salt at all. I think they leave it up to you to add your own salt, pepper, etc. 
Next time I will try a tartine or come for breakfast and try the porridge or an omelette. 
A very pleasant dining experience, and the decor, location and friendly service makes you forget that you are in Philly. Well, made me forget I was...The two words that sums this place up... Pretentious and Overpriced. Came here for a work related meeting and it is very nice in appearance and suited the occasion however this isn't a place I would likely frequent. I only purchased a bottle of water and for $2.50 received a cheap brand that easy would have cost 50 cents from your local supermarket. One plus is our waitstaff was extremely polite.Was in Rittenhouse area with my family and decided to stop in about 7:30pm - the place was relatively empty.   I even asked woman behind counter what time they closed - she said 9pm.  
My family and I (four of us) sat at a table and waited for someone to greet us or give us a menu.   No such luck...we waited almost 10 minutes.   When no one came...we got up and walked out!
Funny thing was the same woman who I spoke with on the way in said to us..."Thanks for coming" on our way out.  
We have now had bad service (or in this case no service) the last three times here.   Time to move on.  I can spend my $$ elsewhere.Small coffee and a Roasted Pork with pickled onions, please....
Sure, $15.
Um...what. 15 dollars for a sandwich. which has two thin slices of pork, a few slices of pickled onions some mustard and chopped not fresh tomato. the sandwich was on the seasonally fresh menu, btw. didn't know that tomatoes were fresh in the winter. a block away i could go to jeans cafe and get a very good roastbeef club for 4.50 which can be two meals if you're not a tubby. 
unhappy. don't go here. more bread than anything on the sando, and the bread wasn't pleasently fresh either. tough crust, not crispy, want to be fluffy center, but really just kind of chewy.The coffee is bitter and servers often disappear after delivery (perfect if one wanted to sit cafe style all day), but for delicious, nutritious EVERYTHING, this is my daily go-to.  The lemon ginger (and other specialty concoctions) are divine.  The chicken soup tastes like something my jewish grandmother would have cooked up and is a genuine flu buster.  Fresh smoothies are ever ready for take out (I often grapple with whether to pick the green, almond, or mango daily offering).  Other favorites include LPQ's omelettes, salads and avocado toast.  Management is superb.  Lucky me to have this steps from my office.David and the service here is wonderful, and the food is great. But, I was really disappointed when I came in specifically to order the egg salad and I found out it was taken off the menu. It was a favorite and rumor has it many people miss it! #bringbacktheeggsalad!Thank you for coming to live here in Philly, LPQ. 
You are my favourite place to grab a sandwich or some salad. And now I don't have to go visit you in New York.
Your breads are delicious, but so is your seaweed salad which tasted fresh and amazing last night when I came to see you.
Your mint lemonade is refreshing, buuuut this isn't New York, so I'm thinking that we need to do a little re-price because the only drink this girl spends $4 on is happy hour wine at Tria. 
Go here now. The space is beautiful and the food is delicious. You'll end up paying exactly the same as you would at Cosi down the street, but this, my friends, is not even in the same ballpark.Food was good (great bread), service was good and fast, seating was comfortable and ample which makes for a decent place to just run in and eat - free wifi adds the option of entertaining oneself (or working) while enjoying food and/or coffee and a pastry. :)My only recommendation for this place is the ALMOND CHEESE DANISH.  MUST TRY!!!!  Everything else that I've had there has been OK.  I wasn't a big fan of their gazpacho.  The tartine sandwiches are OK but pretty pricy for lunch...and for a sandwich for that matter. Will come back for desserts only.I just spent $17 for lunch! For a glorified tuna melt and iced tea! It was very good and I like the place, but that is way too expensive. I will go back and try one of their takeout baguette sandwiches that are $8 though...I really, really like the food and the concept here, but the service at this location has been hit or miss for me. I'm also not a fan of paying for coffee refills, and I can't help but feel like a bread-themed restaurant should offer you some bread while you wait. The gazpacho in the summertime is fantastic, and I used to be a big fan of their omelets, but it seems like they've removed them from the menu? The muffins are hearty and not too sweet - I'm a fan of the apple and pumpkin (seasonal).I don't know what to do after walking into this place. It's cool to look at. I would eat here if the food was free. I live in America and I like In-n-Out, the Cheesecake Factory, mom-and-pop shops and cart food. What exactly is this place? Call me an uncultured swine, but at least I will be eating a burger the size of my head somewhere else. I don't even know how to say their name properly. Le what? Man I took Spanish in high school alright? Just a warning to all you other Joe-Shmoe's out there- if you can't pronounce the name of the place you better hold on to your wallet and pass this place by. 
If you don't visit fancy little all-in-one Europe-experience shops often, then this place might not be for you. 
If you do happen to be that classy though- you might enjoy their bite-sized food, their snooty attitudes (it makes the food taste better I hear), and their expensive prices for cosi-like menu items. Not sure if people really come here for full meals or for just snacks. Either way, I usually get dragged here by someone else, never my top choice.
The food does taste good and it is really flavorful, but it's just not worth it in my opinion. Their desserts are all sort of semi-sweet, which to me are kind of pointless. 
Why do they still get 3 stars? Because whatever it is that they're trying to do, they seem to be doing it well. All that song and dance aren't worth my hard-earned cash though.I have been going to this location for a while, not regularly, but often enough. I do have to say it's not a warm and fuzzy atmosphere, but the times I have been to this location the services have been fairly consistent and attentive enough. Aside from few visits most of the waitstaffs were professional and not too friendly, but I am not complaining because they all did their jobs well. Once in a while you get friendly waitstaffs and that for me definitely elevates my dining experience. 
As some reviewers have commented about the priciness of the food here; yes, for what seems to be pretty straightforward and simple food the prices seem to be on a higher side, however, for me I like how I feel afterwards. The flavours are clean, and I actually do trust their qualities. I usually get their breakfast or lunch entrees. Few times I have gotten their pastries, and they were very good, except also high in calories. As a result I'd rather pay for something more substantial that will keep me going for the day than eat the sweet pastries (once in a while indulgence is allowed). 
This location gets quite busy because of its location, but if you can go before the lunch rush starts you can get some decent seats. Overall, I am happy with my experience here.The warm, welcoming environment of this upscale bakery/brunch/coffee spot make it a great place to have a casual, light meal. The wooden tables, high ceiling, and wall of windows (with a lot of natural light) created the perfect place to get some studying done.
The food was good, but not great. My french toast was tasty, but only came with two/three thin slices of bread, cut into triangles to appear larger. My girlfriend's omelet was filled with chicken chorizo and cheese and topped with salsa. Great combination of flavors, and the salsa/chorizo spices were not overwhelming. 
Best part is the bread+spreads. Definitely get your hands on some freshly sliced bread to go with the jams and chocolate-hazelnut spread. 
Only major downside was the pricing. We paid $35 for the two brunch items and cups of coffee. Again, the food was good, but not THAT good.Passed by the restaurant at noon looking to get a quick bite and sit in the restaurant.  I tried to order at the counter but they would not take my order since I wanted to take a seat in the restaurant.  If I were to do that, they wanted me to place my order with a wait staff.  But I was in a hurry to go in and out so I left and went to Miel Pattiserie instead.  Way better service!Tried to find something to eat around center city, finally we choose this place. Nice place for hang out with friends as you can sit wherever you want. I got warm Belgian waffle which is taste good and their flat bread which is amazing. Their ice matcha latte basically is okay.I was so excited to see LPQ came to Philly! One of my favorite places to grab brunch. 
Faves:
Brunette spread - not only do they have their own version of nutella, but they even have a plain hazelnut spread. 
Tuna and white bean Tartine - a fancy tuna sandwich packed with protein! 
Can get rather crowded, but I love the large communal tables. We Americans should eat with strangers more often.We had cappuccino and a mushroom and goat cheese omelet with was awesome. Amar waited on us and was very personable and accommodating. He was very knowledgeable about the menu choices and helped us order a dish that was right for us. Amar made the experience very enjoyable. We will be back again very soon!Came here for a late Sunday lunch before doing some Christmas shopping downtown. The place was bigger than I thought it was from the looks from the outside. When we walked in there was a sign telling us we can seat ourselves. The place had a warm cozy feel to it that i loved. There were some community tables, and regular tables where you can seat 2 or 4 people. So my boyfriend and I found a nice seat in the back of the restaurant that looked cozy. We sat down and immediately our server came and handed us the menus.  She was very attentive and great.  The menu has a lot of organic and vegan items. Plus for me! It's labeled well letting you know what's vegan, gluten free, and the calorie count as well. We split a cup of the soup of the day which was minestrone. It was about 6 dollars for the cup but the soup was very good so that didn't bother me. He got the salmon breakfast and I got the Mediterranean platter. It came with babagahnosh, hummus, and quinoa. It had many types of breads as surrounding it for dipping. I didn't try too many of the breads since I try to remain gluten free as much as possible. But everything else was pretty good and didn't leave me too full. A lil overpriced but the quality of their food is good so I don't mind.Came here to get a tea but asked if it was possible for me to get it in a to go cup but just sit down (there are maybe 2 other tables here total - it is snowing outside and there are very few people out and around anyway) because I don't need service otherwise and the manager said to just have a seat and they'd bring tea. Ordered a coconut macaroon as well and they said they only come as 2 (though I've bought 1 before, but they were $1.10 and they were letting me sit so I got 2). Except bill comes and my tea which take out is $1.95 was $3.40 and the macaroons were $3.10 for 2. Server says everything is a different price when you sit. Long story short, my tea and macaroon which should've cost $3.30 total with tax cost me $8.40 with tip. wtfNeeded a quick bite to eat and my friend and I stopped by here. Good is pretty good and they have plenty of organic options. The ham gruyere and spinach frittata was delicious and their breads too! Grabbed a jar of speculoos (it DOES taste like teddy Grahams) also. Service was fantastic and our server was very nice!This place is so annoying. First off everything is 30% more than it should be. Everything! I ordered a large ice coffee and they bring me a small glass...huh? And why can't I walk in to get a beverage, sit down for a few and then leave w/o an entire server situation? Wtf? It's like they have no idea how most "cafés" actually work. Even when money and time are no object, it's impossible to get full after spending $15 on lunch! Again, wtf.I haven't eaten anything for here yet so there's not much I can say about the food. The service here is exceptional!!! and the environment is very calming. This is a nice place to stop and get a drink (non-alcoholic of course) and a snack. The tea is made with fresh tea leaves, which was something that I was not used to. And they always have interesting summer coolers.I really enjoyed my time there. Everyone is very personable and welcoming. Le Pain served great cappuccino and awesome baguettes. It was surprising to see this is a chain.Service was  excruciatingly slow even for a salad and avocado and ciaon toast and a bowl of oatmeal -  waiting almost 3/4 of an hour  - it was less than third full - the avocado toast which I had was overpeppered and the bread was like a slab of concrete  - I left half - it was too much effort to eat it - the server asked if I wanted to take it and was it ok - I said it was over peppered and she said oh no that's the cumin -  I know what cumin tastes like and obviously she doesn't -  this was pretentious place and it's not worth it - and please use cups - not soup bowls for coffee - it's not French - it's just stupidThe food is great. Amazing bakery but service is so so bad that I don't know if I will be coming back.  I had to be after the waitress all the time. It is my second time at this location and I am really disappointed. The service it is really really badFood is mediocre at best. Service was slow with an empty restaurant. I would skip this place for a local place next time.Amazing. Service, management, food... die-hard fan because the people there provide such an outstanding experience. New to the area, so glad I came in!Organic, Shmorganic.....$49.00 for salad, soup and grilled cheese. Now, I understand Center City Prices, but holy crap. I guess they think their the Le Bec-Fin of the bread and organic lettuce. The food took a while to come out, but it was good, Service was good, Price was terrible. We only ate there because  El Fuego wasn't open yet, but that will be our last time.
One and DONE..My favorite LPQ in Philly! Love the friendly staff and the great balance of healthy food that's still delicious. My favorite part is that for all the vegan options, there are no meat substitutes. No tofu here! Just good quality, well-balanced options. My server said CNN once did a report on the superior quality of the olive oil they have out for free on the tables! How cool is that?
I usually shy away from corporate chains in favor of the little guys, but this place kinda feels like a little guy to me. Bring a laptop and get some work done while you eat!
Pro Tip: If it's spiced tomato soup on the menu, get that ham and cheese croissant sandwich and dip away! 
Only weird thing is how many outside business interviews I have seen conducted on the premises while I've been there, for a lot of different people from (presumably) lots of different businesses. Isn't there a better place for that?Came here with my girls friends on a Saturday around 1pm and was seated immediately. There is a good amount of seating inside and outside of the restaurant. I ordered their avocado toast and added the salmon. For my beverage, I ordered their iced jasmine green tea. I definitely enjoyed their avocado toast and would reorder. The jasmine green tea on the other hand I would not reorder as I did not taste any notes of jasmine tea or green tea, to me this drink just tasted like artificial sweetener. The reason why I am deducting stars is due to the terrible service. Our waters were never filled nor were we brought our check, even though we had tried to get the attention of several servers. Eventually after getting tired of waiting I just ended up going to the register and asking for more water as well as our bill. The fact that our waters were not even filled once during our whole meal was a huge disappointment and ruined the entirety of the dining experience. Overall, if choosing to grab some food at this location I would definitely recommend ordering a meal to-go versus grabbing a table.I was in Rittenhouse area both Sat & Sunday, & I saw this place had opened. Curiosity, since heard somethings about it. I was very nice inside. Organic ingredients, huge, they believe in eating open area, everyone in big table, farm fresh items, grass fed meat, all very green, organic. My friend & I browsed, looked at the menu, but we had already eaten brunch,so next time we are in area, this would be nice change of pace for snack or lunch. Only sweet stuff is like danishes, muffins, etc, the menu consists of only savory components, nothing for sweet , like french toast or pancakes, so definitely check it out . the shelves sold Agava syrup, salts, seasonings, interesting items,so I will be returning.i can't believe all these negative reviews i've just read about le pain quotidien! the first time i went there i was greeted in such a friendly way and the staff has always been so nice and friendly. i've been there a few times and always look forward to when i'm in the area to go there specifically! the decor is natural, simple and just my style! love it. europeans do not eat huge portions, that is why they are not as obese as people here! i am american and appreciate the smaller portions.We live in Jersey and don't get into to city too much. After a Drs appt wanted to get a bite and this place was right across the street. First off staff was very friendly and accommodating. Our waitress Mary was 1st class! Food was absolutely delicious. My wife said she had her best lunch ever. Chicken zoodle soup with her bakers lunch. I had split pea soup and a ham on sour dough grilled to perfection. A very nice spicy mustard. We recommend. I have a feeling that will be our after Dr visit From now on.I've been looking all over the city for a place that sells Liege Waffles. Not Belgian, Liege, sometimes also called sugar waffles Le Pain sells them, although the ones I got were prepackaged. I believe they have either fresh ones or packaged ones that they put fruit, etc on, because they were listed on their blackboard menu.I love this place. Especially weekday on the evenings, weekends are probably hectic. Excellent croissants and a variety of hot and cold beverages.We've eaten there several times-sometimes the food is decent, other times not so. One of the waiters has such an attitude-he's rude and has such an attitude ! (the restaurant is at 8th & Walnut st)If you need a bite, and your looking for something in Philly OTHER THAN cheesesteaks, pizzas, burgers, or sodium-filled deli sandwiches, than this place is wonderful. The menu needs refinement, but the majority of it's dishes a perfectly tasty. Oh, and you cannot leave without a taste of dessert... you'll thank me for that later.Just like the other locations of Le Pain Quotidien, they serve a nice selection of French and American food with a country flair.  The vegetable quiche was nicely cooked, with a delicious selection of vegetables.  The carrot soup was quite delicious, too.  They are a bit sparse on wines.  They have great hot chocolate.It was a refreshing experience. 
The rustic wooden chairs, the organic ingredients, the art of the food, and fresh savoring. 
Pricey but an absolutely refreshing option for eating out.Late Saturday afternoon, I stopped in for a salad to go. Imagine my surprise when I got home and not only had the dressing leaked everywhere, but the salad was not the salad I ordered. The counter staff was busy and disorganized, and the whole place felt a little chaotic. A rather plain salad of arugula and goat cheese, along with a sleeve of about 8 chocolate chip cookies, set me back just shy of $20 and completely shy of being worth it.We are from Maryland, and the la pain quotidian location there is much better, the croissant was cold ,Everyone knows me by name. Best food, best foodie friends. Great service, great company.I would like to add that I've been to Paris multiple times and have had many delicious meals there and this sandwich would not live up to its Parisian counterpart.LAY - PAHN - KWO - TEA - DE- AHN
I took spanish in HS, so pardon my french, but it means "the daily bread".
It makes me sad that a salad and vegan soup runs me $22 for dinner. Big ouch! There's a premium to be paid in Philly for food that is healthful and tasty. LPQ hits this market segment. For coffee, I would go across the street to Elixir. Everything I've ordered at LPQ has been delicious and I would order it again, with the exception of the soft boiled eggs. I cannot figure out a bigger rip off. I ordered it...thought it was yum, and then I went home and googled "soft boiled egg". It's not hard to make it yourself - it just takes patience watching the pot boil. But that sure beats paying $10 for 2 eggs and bread, where the cost of goods sold there is probably maybe $1.25? They also post calories on everything. Love this new legislation. Yes, order the "thin" choco chip cookie that is bigger than your face - at least you know exactly what you're getting - 650 delicious calories!I've been a loyal customer of Le Pain Quotidien since I started going to the one in Westwood when I was attending UCLA.  I have always been a fan of their omelettes and specifically the french toast (the agave syrup and the non-fried/wheat bread is just heavenly with the strawberry slices). The baker's basket with their jams (apricot and the berry jams... so sweet but absolutely delicious) also a personal favorite. Of their winter menu, I thoroughly enjoyed the Pot au Feu with the spicy harissa and quinoa. Hearty and really generous with the ingredients.
I'm rather disappointed in the way that the chain has become so inconsistent in terms of service and quality of food, especially with their price and portion size. I really could not excuse the service the last time I was there. Normally, I come in for brunch/lunch, but I came with a friend for dinner. It was relatively empty, but the two salads we ordered took 40 minutes to arrive and there was no recognition of how long it took. Also, just to get refills of water was an ordeal. If you want to cater to a dinner crowd, I think the dinner menu needs to be stepped up a bit (the moroccan chicken salad I have literally looked like the items didn't belong together: the oily heavy chicken just dumped onto veggies that sopped up all the grease) and this kind of service during non-peak hours is pretty disappointing. Why open so late if service is going to suffer?Food is good quality but overpriced ($8 for a smoothie??), location is cute. I have been here several times and I've always found it ok, service and all, including some very friendly and attentive servers. Yesterday, however, I had a really bad experience that makes me question whether I will be going back. It was about 3 in the afternoon and I wanted a smoothie. I stood at the counter for a good 5 minutes while 3 servers were chatting and making coffee without attending to me, which I thought incredibly rude. When one of them finally noticed, I requested my smoothie without ice. That seemed to send the baristas in a state of deep confusion, so much so that one of them, after expressing her frustration to the others in front of me, told me she would have to talk to the manager to know how to handle this apparently very complicated situation. She disappeared in the back and after a few minutes a 4th random person (not the manager) came out and made my smoothie. The taste was good but it turned out so thick I couldn't even drink it with a straw. I had to go back to my office and eat it with a spoon. Again, $8 for half a cup of hyper concentrated stuff seemed way overpriced. I have to say that while I was waiting there was also another server who came out and made sure I was being taken care of--so not all of the staff was being inconsiderate.Walking in to this chain for my first and sadly my last, you see a cozy and nicely furnished place.  A great French cafe bakery concept. The ingredients featured on the menu scream out light and fresh with quality ingredients and even the presentation of the meals were appropriately presented. However, staffing and service were a big issue.  The place is frantically understaffed with one server running around back and forth. the fact that she is literally running and sweating is not a good look. She's nice and personable but severely unpolished and incapable to represent what Le Pain quotidien aspires to be. The food was very underwhelming. Overpriced. But if executed better I would not complain about the price. Good concept but poorly executed.It was raining, and we were hungry. I've lived in Philadelphia for 5 years, and love to explore new food options. The menu was different, a little pricy, but I thought for that price, I definitely shouldn't leave there hungry.
I was wrong.
We first ordered a bowl of soup, and two of their "open faced sandwiches". It sounded like a filling meal. After about twenty long minutes of waiting for a server, taking our order, and putting it in, she then comes back and informs us "We're out of soup." Also, there were only two other tables in the whole place. This should not have taken this long.
A manager then brought out our food. The look on my face consisted of a combination of disappointment and disbelief. It was the smallest open-faced sandwich I'd ever seen. And it cost almost $12.
We finished eating in 3 minutes, and bounced. For that ridiculous price, I expect to leave FULL. It might have been a little more tolerable with the soup, but at $6 a bowl, I doubt it.
Needless to say, we won't be venturing back to Le Pain. We'll keep those seats free for the snooty assholes who enjoy ridiculously expensive food and a mediocre dining experience.I like this place and they have good food but service is awfully slow. Our server (with a costume for a fire-department woman) was also rude. I was surprised by that and wanted to leave a word with the manager but didn't get a chance.Great food, prices are a bit high, but the atmosphere is mellow. You can hang out here and nurse your coffee for a while and the staff doesn't seem to mind. The buttermilk scone and bread pudding are amazing!PS - Just because the name is French, that doesn't mean it's a take on a Parisian cafe.  French is spoken in many other places besides Paris and even France-- namely, Belgium, where LPQ was founded.  That said, probably the most well-known (and tempermental) French chef in Philly was sitting right behind our group while we ate, raving about the food and the service, along with his group of friends.This review is specifically for their fruit tart and strawberry cheesecake...the strawberry cheesecake and fruit tart are amazingly delicious. I always get it for occasions such as birthdays.Le Pain Quotidien means the daily bread... cute! Located in the heart of Center City Philly with communal tables, which I love. While doing some shopping on Walnut Street I found this little place and stopped in for lunch. It's warm and cozy on the inside. I was told everything is fresh, local and organic. I ordered a chicken cobb salad that was pretty amazing and not over the top. I also recommend the oatmeal that is so Delicious and is like a warm hug.  
They have a cut little bakery with yummy bake goods. It's defiantly worth a try. Oh they sell cocktails so that in itself is a win! 
Oh and they offer baking classes... One day I will sign up maybe I can find a date. ;) 
Happy Eating!When I saw Le pain Quotidien for the first time, I was excited to see such a cute new place. Unfortunately fellow yelpers were not too enthusiastic about it. 
Friends decided to host a surprise bday at Le pain Quotidien and I was curious to see how it would turn out. The decor was adorable, very rusty and homey. It was nice to hear that the place would be BYOB until a liquor license was fully obtained. However when I sat down to peruse the choices, I was none too pleased. Perhaps I am just a carnivore, but I was looking forward to some hearty dishes. None of the entrees struck my fancy. Yes they are going for the healthy organic route but on a night of sipping of wine, I need something to hold me up. 
I decided on the Tuscan platter and my bf got the roasted salmon. The salmon came out first, dry and hard as a rock. It was completely inedible. The couscous was bland. My Tuscan platter took surprisingly long considering nothing actually needed to be cooked. 
The roasted chicken looked like it was a filling entree. Maybe the appeal of the place are the tartines. Perhaps Le pain would be a cute lunch cafe, but definitely not a great place for dinner. 
The only reason they are getting three stars is because the staff went above and beyond for our party. The manager whipped us up a fresh berry tart. Now I really appreciated the thought and it looked amazing, unfortunately I didn't agree with the taste. But I really liked the hot chocolate; they have melted chocolate in a little cup and you can pour as much or little as you want according to your taste. 
Cute idea but I don't really like the menu.One trip for lunch and it was wildly inconsistent within its own small margins. The examples:
Service - The hostess came by and greeted me by name because she just saw that I checked in on Foursquare. At first I felt mildly stalked and partially embarrassed that someone just called me out (in a good way?) for checking in, but she was actually very nice and I was busy checking in on Yelp when she said that so I couldn't be too embarrassed about using a completely meaningless feature in a city where I would never receive a tiny crown for my e-friendliness. Other than my new friend, the service was average.
Food - I ordered the curry chicken salad tartine which comes open faced on five small pieces of rye bread. The sandwich tasted pretty decent and certainly looked appetizing, but my one issue with it was that if you are going to make an open face sandwich on a small piece of rye bread, you can't put so much curry chicken salad on each piece that when you try to pick it up with one hand it bends and falls from the weight of its own girth. This happened, but I ate the entire sandwich so it obviously didn't bother me so much.
Prices - TOO HIGH. Everything I looked at on the menu for lunch made me say to myself, "Self, that doesn't sound worth it." And then out of nowhere there was something for $7.95 (a seaweed salad), but of course to put tofu or something else in it, it was $3 more bucks. You can't eat for $10, lunch is going to run you $15 and it's frankly just not good enough for that. Again though, I cleaned my plate.
Ambiance - This is actually a cool place inside and much larger than you would think from the outside. Tons of wood block tables, menus sitting on top, nice variety of long communal tables with two-tops and four-tops. Seems like a nice place to meet someone or three for a lunch or brunch.
It's like the Seinfeld when he always comes out even - this place has highs and lows, but in the end it is A-OK and I would go back if I was in the neighborhood. I'm not sure if I would check in though.The "belgian" waffles are actually frozen. You can buy them at wholefoods. Yes they are amazing, but they are frozen. Not a special recipe of the chef. The brand is "Juians", about 4 bucks for a box of 4. For a place promoting so much "organic" this and that, maybe they shouldn't use store bought frozen waffles. Just sayin....A pretty place with a light menu, great pastries plus wine and beer.  My salad, heirloom tomatoes and watermelon, was perfect, and came with slabs of hearty bread.  Tom's sandwich, served open with three kinds of mustard, was enough to pass for dinner.  We'll be back.Have only eaten here once but had a fantastic Quinoa salad.  Wanted some additional protein and had chicken added.  My dining partner had the egg salad tartine and she liked hers.  We needed to eat and run in 30 minutes and with some prompting (service a little slow) made it out with full bellies in time. I would come back and I think would not deviate from what I had.The food was delicious but the service was slow. It took over 40 minutes to get our food. It was not that crowded , and even though the server kept apologizing,  nothing sped up the process.I have to agree with other reviews, the value at this place was terrible.  Let me walk you through my experience:
1. Coffee- at $4 per cup for generic black coffee is incredibly high, no free refills for $4.  What amazed me the most is that the coffee was room temperature.  It is very strong so we asked for hot water on the side which we were given at no extra charge.
2. Croissant -  I wanted to order some kind of egg sandwich...but they don't have that for breakfast!  I could order an omelet for $12 and then pay for additional bread, but the bread is not toasted.  The waitress said that since their bread is made every day...they don't toast it.  Uhm...does that make sense?  I ordered a $4 croissant which was good, but certainly not worth $4!
3. Baguette- I wanted to give it 100% chance of success, so I noticed that the baguette was today's special...although I was there for breakfast, I figured this Belgium based restaurant would do an excellent job. I first thought of getting the ham and cheese baguette, but the waiter suggested I get the parmesan version.  So I agreed.  About 5 minutes later, she serves me a sandwich which for $8 has been the most incredibly waste of money.  It was a short piece of baguette with a slide of cold ham and cold cheese, amazingly even the bread was refrigerator cold.  I figure it took 10 seconds to put this masterpiece together.  No sauce, no olive oil, no salt or pepper, just literary 3 ingredients slapped together. It tasted just as it sounds.  It turns out, she brought me the wrong sandwich!  Then she corrected it and brought me the recommended  parmesan version...I figured, this one will be much better.  Amazingly it was 99.99% the same thing!  Terrible.
Other than generally terrible food and extremely overprice, the decor is nice to look at, the waiter was attentive.  She could only bring the food this establishment makes.I think the best way to enjoy the food here is to not come hungry. The food is tasty, yes, but a bit expensive and portions aren't that big. I think next time I'll aim for a post lunch cookie break and try one of the huge chocolate chip ones they have up front!
On a different note, baby-friendly? YES =) I was here with two other new mamas, so 3 high chairs between us. The staff was super nice, helped us park our strollers in the back, and the babes were able to hang out and be noisy without worry. We were at one end of the big family table and there were two more moms with even younger babies down at the other end.Le Pain Quotidien was a place I frequented when I lived in Belgium. I was delighted to find one in Philadelphia and when I walked inside I was transported back to Europe! Everything is written in Dutch, French, English, and German and you will hear many languages here. 
The bread is delicious (best bread in Philly) and the croissants are as real as you'll get them on this side of the ocean! The decor and atmosphere are exactly like it is in Europe. It's absolutely amazing! 
I highly recommend paying this place a visit and enjoying a cup of coffee, a book, or striking up a conversation at the communal table. You also definitely can't go wrong with breakfast or lunch. All their food is delicious, fresh, and healthy.I've been meaning to stop in here for years and finally did this past weekend after having had brunch another place nearby that was less than stellar. After I'd read this menu and had tasted my friend's waffle, I'd wished we'd eaten here instead. Our server was very pleasant and attentive. The menu, though rather overpriced, tells you the calorie count on everything -- I wish everyone would do that! 
We sat the end of the long communal table and enjoyed our time there. I'm not sure about the other tables, but this particular table has charging stations, which is pretty cool! 
I'm always a tea drinker, but I sampled my other friend's Belgian coffee (or something like that) and it was good! I wound up sharing it with her. We will definitely return for brunch another day.Ordered the peas frittata and still hadn't received it 20 minutes later. It turns out if you order at the counter they assume you want it to go. I assumed otherwise since the cashier told the man in front of me she would bring his food to his table.  
When a waitress came by a few minutes later she tried to take my order but I let her know what had already happened. She would bring my food out so I thought the matter was cleared up.  Apparently not.  After a while longer I asked the manager and eventualy the food showed up,  having been heated twice. The fritatta was soggy, still cool in the center and some of the lettuce has soggy wilted margins. At least they returned my money. 
I could have avoided the long wait and would probably have let the sub par food slide if the cashier had asked me if I wanted to eat in or get the food to go. As it was, everything was just unpleasant. They need to work on communication.
Edit: After writing this review I spoke with the manager on my way out the door. She was very apologetic and offered me a free food item to go. The cashier also apologized. For me this does help a bit. I chose an apricot tart and now (hours later) I can report that it was splendid. If I return to city center Philly I may visit this restaurant again, especially for a to go pastry. The brief discussion at the end of my visit and the concilliatory gesture made me feel better and allowed me to taste something very nice. Who knows, perhaps I'll swing by for another tart before I leave town tomorrow.Service from the waiters are horrible. Waited 40 mins before the food came out. The waiter never checked on us to say that the food was on the way. They tried to give us the wrong food numerous times (which teased us since our food was taking so long). Two of the floor managers were rude and didn't address the issues when presented to them. 
Pastries on the go are fine. 
Everything is pricey for what it is though.One of the nicest restaurants to go to for breakfast. The environment is great. The service is nice and friendly. They got my order as good as it could be every time. 
They mixed up my order with another customer once but they realized that very quickly. Their prices are reasonable. 
I am the tea kind of person but my friends loved their cappuccino.Sehr gute Frühstücks Location. Sehr nette Bedienung. Sehr guter Kaffee. Baker's Breakfast mit Lachs ist genial. Alles in allem ist le Pain Quotidien eine sehr gute Entscheidung gewesen.I came here recently to meet up with friends. I didn't get to try the food so I am going give three stars on solely on the decor and presentation of the food. I have to however try more of the food to completely review. So I will update my review that happens.What a great little find!  My friend & I stopped for brunch on Sunday.  The bread is to die for-as is the spreads they give you when you order bread.  My friend got oatmeal & I got porrige (always wanted to try porrige!) and they were both tasty.  Next time I will definitely have to try a pastry of some sort.
Great vibe in here-I am a fan of rustic/exposed brick type situations.  Slightly expensive (considering I ordered porrige!) but I will definitely be back.What really amazes me is that I have been to other restaurants in the chain and the coffee, service, and quantities were great, good and reasonable respectively.
This, however was an awful experience, where I had old, cold, bad coffee, a nasty inconsistent waiting [5 people], and nasty at that.  When I was served 3 slices of bread in a mockery of their abundant breakfast basket, with the croissant perched on the side as if it was one of the "breads".  I complained, and a rude waitress told me she'd need to "discuss" it with her boss.
I just tossed a quarter on the table, and walked out.It is unfortunate that I like the food here, as it has driven me to come back despite being overpriced and almost invariably being treated to truly horrific service. Although the service is slow as a rule, my husband and I have twice now been party to such slow and incompetent service that we were laughing and almost delirious due to hunger. The last time, we sat down around 1:30. Our waitress speedily took our order, and then the wait began. After several minutes and one attempt to bring us the wrong food, she returned to ask us our order as there were several similar tickets...We then proceeded to wait another 45 minutes or so, despite her promise that the food was coming. She expressed her frustration and let us know that our drinks would be comped and we would receive a free dessert. We waited another half hour or so until the food was actually delivered. Although the drinks were comped as promised, she did not deliver on the dessert promise. At that point we just wanted to get out of there, as it also was quite a process to get the check.I was so happy to see signs up for an LPQ. I spent many Sunday afternoons at their DC local.
I love the concept of this place and the crowd it attracts. I wish the food were better though. I have been to a number of the NY locations, and the food is consistent from cafe to cafe, it just isn't great. The broccoli soup was bland and required salt and pepper by the spoonful to be edible. For a bakery, the bread is especially disappointing and is really just a vehicle to deliver the to-die-for hazelnut and praline spreads to your mouth. (If you aren't sitting at the communal table, you will have to ask for them).
I am sure I will frequent LPQ many more times, but it will be despite the food, not because of it.The food is quite good, simple, tasteful, and not overwhelming. Perfect for a light lunch. 
Their espresso is really good, too. But, if you are into putting flavored syrup in your espresso drinks, this may not be the best place for you to grab a coffee. 
Pastries are very delicious. Had their mixed berry tart and it was amazing.A convenient place to meet for lunch, although a little on the overpriced side. That said, I never had a tartine that I didn't like. Service at this location is usually on the slower side, but they're very nice about everything. Coffee is also great!We were here for Sunday brunch and ordered avocado tomato ommelette, pot of coffee, bread basket, and spicy tomato soup.
Food was very good. I could not stop eating bread. They served organic strawberry, apricot, and hazelnut spreads that were so good with breads. 
Atmosphere was also very comfy. It is so spacious inside that you cannot believe that this place is located at the center of city. 
I would definitely come back.A pitiful simulation of a Parisian cafe in both food quality and decor.  The only redeeming moment I've had in this place is now as I'm writing this Yelp review using their free wi-fi.
Check out Cafe Lutecia at 23rd and Lombard if you want a real Parisian experience!The service was horrible. We ordered the Petit Dejaneur, which just consists of bread, and it was never served. I do not recommend this establishment. The manager nor the waitress had the courage to come forward and explain or at least apologize. They, both were avoiding to even make eye contact. This establishment may not comply with Belgian standards of  Le Pain QuotidienAfter passing by a couple times I decided to venture within. The atmosphere was crowded but the menu looked promising so I decided to sit and wait for my friend to join me. We ordered omelettes and they were fantastic. She got the tomato and avocado and I got mushroom! 
I felt that the wait was a little outrageous. It took 45 minutes for us to finally eat and for eggs I just find that to be a little stupid even if they were busy. Being busy isn't my problem. I want eggs not braised beef. For that they get 3 stars instead of 4. Plus our waitress didn't give us forks and then when she saw us just finishing our last bites (that's when she finally came over) she tells us that we should have just said something. Riiiight, to whom? 
Service needs work but the food is pretty tasty. In the future I'll come back to get something like a tea or latte and pastry, not a sit down.This particular location was helpful even though I had a hard time ordering from the catering department. I emailed and called but I must've reached after hours. I was in a bind for last minute catering and this location made it happen. Food was fresh and everyone was happy, including myself.I went here one time before and it took almost 20 minutes to get an oatmeal to go, so I figured I would give it another try and it took over ten minutes to get an oatmeal to go even though there was nobody in the place! No sense of urgency amongst the staff. Stick with Starbucks.FOOD: 3 stars
SERVICE: 4 stars
DECOR: 2 stars
PRICES: 1 star
My rating is dragged down by the fact that the prices at LPQ are way too high for the product. I have no issue paying premiums for food that I believes justifies them. This food simply does not. I wanted so much to experience great food that justified the RIDICULOUS PRICES. I spent $17 for a "rustic tuna tartine with cheddar" and an iced tea. Firstly, a "tartine" translates as a "slice of bread", and that's pretty much what you get. A slice of bread with minimal tuna and a thin layer of cheese. For $13. I asked for sliced tomato on the "slice of bread", and it came with a very small amount of diced tomatoes sprinkled on top. When the "slice of bread" arrived, I avoided asking for sliced tomatoes because I imagined a $2 surcharge would ensue. The sandwich was tasty, but it's hard to enjoy when you feel like you've been ripped off. I appreciate the up-market nature of this place. It is certainly a step above your typical bakery/cafe. But these are NYC prices in a city with Philly wages. The only saving grace is the service, but that doesn't mean much when you feel like you're tipping on a rip-off meal. 
If you don't mind overpaying for good, not-great food, this place is worth a try. For my time and dime, Philly is full of other good sandwich places with prices that don't resemble Times Square.The belgian hot chocolate was unique, they give you chocolate syrup to pour over the steamed milk and mix yourself. Great flavor w/o being too sweet. The lemonade came unsweetened, so you can sweeten yourself with honey or sugar. Wait time was around 20 minutes, but the food was very good. I highly recommend the belgian waffle. We ordered one and loved it, and ordered a second one. The server told us that it is cooked with sugar in the dough, so that it crystallizes in the heat and provides extra crunch and sweetness without needing syrup. The vegetarian quiche was also very good and hearty, although the portions are a bit small for the price. Definitely ask your server for jam if your meal comes with bread. The belgian dark chocolate spread and apricot and raspberry jam are very, very good. Definitely recommend. Facilities are clean and staff was helpful, gave us extra bread without charging us!As I tallied my expenses this morning I realized I had neglected to Yelp the best pastries I've eaten in a long, long time. 
Tucked into a bustling stretch of Walnut, Pain avails itself to the businessfolk and shoppers that frequent this part of downtown. I only stopped for coffee and a tasty tidbit on my way to the convention center. Stopped every day I was there. Because the tidbits were that good. 
My favorite was the pear and apple flaky from heaven turnover. It looked more like a rollover. It made my whole face smile. 
Their other artisanal gems in the case all looked to die for, but I hadn't the time or the inclination to die that day. 
I'll leave that to you, Philadelphia. Go get your sweet tooth on! 
So yummy.Amazing experience, just amazing! Friendly, funny atmosphere, clean, slightly romantic interior, service provided by unforgettable, but forgetting everything waitress. But please, read it right,  she added additional charm to this place. Great spot to have light dinner before theater or right after matinee. Quiet enough, so you and your friends may have cozy conversation. Food is simple yet slightly sophisticated. Everything is fresh and nutrition's shown in menus are preventing overeating.:) caspasho is a must, as well as Paris ham and Gruyere tartine. Will definitely stop by again.Delicious, good atmosphere & service. Bread is baked in-house and can be purchased to go!The brown rice pudding from their 14th and Walnut location:
The fruit was delicious but the brown rice was way undercooked, almost crunchy in some bites. It was very sweet, but the soy milk was refreshing.
This was very disappointing for how much it cost. You obviously do not get what you pay for. Maybe it would have been better from their 8th & Walnut location? This is the first I've been to their 14th and Walnut store.Visited today , sunday and it was pleasantly empty-ish.
Visually its alot to take in at first glance, pastries and pretty packages, teas,maybe too much to look at...
Weird long table set up in middle of large dining area, but enough tables for two to offset that flaw (my opinion) also.
Adding to the weird list coffee/latte cups with no handles.Not the end of the world but caught me off guard. Quirky chic i guess.
Had a turkey avocado open sandwhich,  tasty .no complaints. My companion had a hearty healthy three bean chilli.Good stuff but pricey.nice presentation but not spectacular. 
Friendly waiter , not too intrusive type.appreciate that .
BUT big but today i noticed there was black grimmy icky disgusting dirt on the table sides next to ours.While the tops are wiped /cleaned i imagine the sides have been neglected. Terrible.A real taste of France in Philly.  I thought the food was superb.  The pastries were delicious.  The omelette with fresh ingredients and organic eggs was amazing.  The mocha was excellent.  The atmosphere was delightful.  The service was friendly.  The chef even brought out our food to make sure it remained warm and served at just the right temperature.  
But be warned it was very french in that the folks in Europe do not rush their meals or drinks.  Service was not fast....this is not fast food on the go.  It is a time to sit, visit and enjoy the journey.  Don't come and expect to be in and out.  It may take a while for the server to give you a menu or take your order.  I don't believe this is rude or bad service just not what we are used to in the U.S.  
Be patient and give yourself plenty of time.  If you are in a hurry or on a schedule skip it.  You will be frustrated by the slow service.  Le Pain is very conveniently  located next to the Walnut Theatre.  Make sure if you go before a performance you have ample time or stay and linger after a show.  They also serve beer & wine.Visited LPQ during its first week. The place is charming to say the least-- exposed brick and a warm feel with large wooden communal table with smaller tables as well.
The food-- outstanding. There were five of us and we all had something different. I had the quiche Lorraine, which was warm, gooey and delicious and came with a surprisingly sizable mesclun salad with pesto, tomatoes, cucumbers and radishes. Everyone raved about their entrees.
Dessert was incredible- authentic Belgian waffle with sugar crystals baked right in and served with fresh berries. Yum! Also, fantastic fruit tart and chocolate mousse ganache covered bombe. Finished with an amazing cappuccino, served European style in a bowl with thick, creamy foam.
Service-- friendly, helpful & attentive
If you like fresh, organically sourced, well-seasoned, simple, delicious food then LPQ is for you! If you seen no difference between Paris ham and gruyere on fresh baguette and a ham & cheese from Wawa then maybe not. You'll just end up like another reviewer-- angry about paying more than Wawa and deducting stars on Yelp because you thought (admittedly in your own head) it would be warmed even though it's on the to-go menu and you didn't even ask them to.
Bottom line: this isn't Wawa Philly; it's Europe brought right to your doorstep in the form of outstanding coffee and espresso, mouthwatering quiches and open-faced sandwiches, innovative salads, savory soups, fresh bread and decadent desserts.  Embrace and enjoy!Le Pain gets 4 stars because the waitresses were really nice and gave us great service. The place was nice as well. I had a quiche Lorraine and it was good. Great place for a smaller lunch or just a cup of coffee.Fuck this place.  Waited 20 minutes with No service and hardly any other customers.  When I asked for menus I was greeted with attitude and told they'd be with me shortly.  Walked out 15 minutes later still not being checked on or given water.  My only regret is not flipping a tableWe came back just for the waffles, which were heavenly the first time. This time, both waffles smelled literally fishy (like smoked salmon) and tasted smoky and slightly off as well-a fishy aftertaste. Immensely disappointed, but our server got us some fresh ones from the kitchen, which were as good as we remembered, but still felt slightly put off and queasy from the first batch. Service was a bit slow for a Sunday afternoon, and no free bread and jam/spreads this time, unfortunately.Excellent location and food. Great coffee and pasties, both breakfast and lunch are awesome.Went here recently for lunch and Sunday Brunch. The settings is like an old warehouse. Very fresh layout and lots of space. From the outside you get the impression that this is a small place, but it houses a lot of people. The ambience is modern and the acoustics, ... is designed for minimum noise and easy conversation. 
The style of the restaurant is "green"/healthy food. They have open face sandwiches (Belgium style) and a variety of other salads, omelets, ... Overall fantastic food and very fast service. 
If you have not been there it is time to go. Great for a quick healthy lunch or just a nice cup of joe.Having spent two glorious weeks in Paris for my honeymoon, Le Pain was a welcome discovery. Visiting family in PA for Thanksgiving, we discovered Le Pain on a walk down Walnut Street and decided to take a look. Although we have wonderful bakeries here in New England, I couldn't recall an establishment quick like this. The interior felt "French" without exuding overly frufru/fake/Disneylike "Parisian."
Our experience with the service staff and food was quite positive. Our waitress was friendly and efficient and service was relatively quick. We both started with a winter seasonal bisque. I then had a composed salad and my hubbie had a croque monsieur.   We enjoyed a glass of wine with dinner, too.
Although not a genuine replacement to the bistros and eateries of Paris, we very much enjoyed this discovery and look forward to a return trip.Not a huge fan of this place. In short, I don't think they were prepared to open when they did... staff members seemed untrained and they didn't have some of the items on the menu. The waitress was friendly but her answer to most of our questions was, "I'm not sure... I'll have to check on that."
The yogurt parfait I ordered could have been bested by the Starbuck's around the corner. As I was eating my sub par parfait, I couldn't help but look with envy as others were smart enough to order the bread basket. So many breads, so many spreads. 
I do love the location, though... and I'd say that's probably what drives much of the business. If I return, I'm definitely getting that bread basket.We ate at this Le Pain Quotidien for the first time while on a weekend getway to Philadelphia. It happened to be near our hotel downtown and looked good, so we gave it a try.
We were seriously shocked and impressed. The clean, comfortable, light-filled atmosphere. The beautiful wood furnishings. The amazingly fresh bread. The fun sandwiches and omelettes. The excellent coffee. The excellent service. We then learned that there Le Pain Quotidien in the Washington DC area too, and vowed to try it.
I have now eaten at Le Pain Quotidien in Arlington VA a few times for breakfast meetings, and at the one in Bethesda/Old Georgetown Road/Wildwood in Maryland.
They all are equally good. I will return, particularly for business breakfasts.
I gave 4 instead of 5 stars for two reasons. First, limited selection on the menu, and second, prices are a teeny bit high.
I love doing business breakfast at Silver Diner and First Watch. In both cases, there are several locations in the DC area, and the menu selections are really good (vast in the case of Silver Diner). Le Pain Quotidien doesn't compare, however, I happen to really like the surroundings as Le Pain Quotidien.
Prices are a bit high for what you get, again, quality is good, so no big complaints. Value at Silver Diner and First Watch beats Le Pain Quotidien in my opinion.the man and i were in need of a quickie meal that would sate our desire, nay, NEED for our weekly brunch despite the fact that we only had 30minutes available to us. our conclusion was, LE PAIN QUOTIDIEN!
since we don't ACTUALLY compromise on meals/food, we had to have EGGS so we sat down for table service even though we had such little time. our server was fast with taking our order, bringing over the coffee and food, though she did give us a look when we were clearly rushing her. 
overall, the food was very good and the croissant i had was one of the better ones i have had in philadelphia, yet... i couldn't say i LOVED this place, hence the 3 star rating. the decor is airy and bright and i should have liked it, but it felt a little hollow, maybe lacking in a bit of charm that i usually seek in brunch places.  i will say that should i want a croissant-type pastry any time in the future, though, i will most definitely get it from here. 
ALSO, it is on the more expensive side. shockingly, we actually spent more for breakfast and coffee here than we would have for brunch at day by day or another one of our favorite brunch spots. PS - because this place is a chain, they are required to include calorie counts on the menu of all their items. Don't know if that influences your decision one way or another, but ... just be warned. i tried to avert my gaze from those pesky little numbers whilst ordering. 
cheese & almond croissant
my favorite cheese croissant in philly. to date. the croissant itself was MAYBE a bit dry (if i had to nitpick), but the cheese was perfectly balanced and sweet 
Toasted Paris Ham & Gruyere Croissant + organic mesclun & mustard trio 
the mustard trio was genius and you can never go wrong with a ham and gruyere combo. 
Quiche Lorraine: ham + Gruyére + leeks
again, gruyere so obviously this was going to be awesome. best quiche we've had in a long time. but very very small. i mean, maybe we're just too fat to be eating at french places, but seriously, it was so small.Great for food that's not over the top junk. Must have stopped in for coffee or a meal 3-4 times last week. That's always a good sign. They've got good olive oil available and I suggest using it for your bread and also for their great soups. Couple of splashes make the food that much better!Meh, there are myriad other $15+ brunch options if you're looking for brunch in center city. Food quality is fine but skimpy (avocado on toast). My inner germaphobe was screeching when all hot drinks (coffee, tea, cocoa) came out with all five of the server's fingers touching the lip of the bowl. I understand, yes, it's just like the French cafe au lait bowls, but ordinary mugs with handles would be amazing.My fiancee and I came here for Brunch the other day. This was our first dining experience here, and we were not really sure what to expect.
The style of the restaurant makes it seem like Panera, which makes you think you are supposed to go and order at the register then sit down with your food. But actually, that is only what you do if you are ordering out. If you are eating in, however, you can just sit down anywhere you like and wait to be served. This element is a little annoying considering this place does not really seem like a sit down place, and of course this only means you have to tip the waitress which seems a little unnecessary. 
Nonetheless, the being waited on part is the only downside to an otherwise great dining experience. My fiancee ordered the Belgian Waffle, and it was by far the best Waffle either of us had ever tasted! In fact, it was so good she didn't even need syrup on top of it! Meanwhile, I ordered the vegetable quiche which had spinach, mushroom, leeks, and swiss cheese in it, and it was one of the best dishes I've ever had for breakfast! Not only was it great, but it came with a side of salad and fruits!
All in all, our meal was very good and actually quite affordable (even after tip we spent $25 total). This is really a great place to come try something a bit different from the norm, especially for those wanting to try some good French food without spending insane amounts of money!Best breakfast sandwich ever! I went in looking for a quick meal and I was so satisfied. It was so good and felt so expensive even though it was not! I highly recommend!No no no. A thousand times NO. 
I will say it now and probably until inflation changes the situation: i do NOT believe in $14 salads! So, to avoid spending like $20 on lunch i got one of the $7.50 baguette sandwiches which was a real disappointment. It was French bread in the way so commonly depicted in cartoons. You really could have knocked someone out with it if you were so inclined. Also, i think they give off the impression that everything on the menu is organic. Upon closer inspection, that is not the case. 
I may go back for pastries or to pick up a jar of one of the interesting organic condiments they have for sale (praline butter caught my eye) but i will never waste my cash on lunch here ever again.Very nice good food, service was perfect! Clean, enjoyable with my friend for a light dinner!Let's be serious, writing a review for Le Pain Quotidien is like reviewing Cheerios - everyone knows exactly what they are getting before they read the review. It is hard to imagine anyone is going to read this review and say to themselves "who knew LPQ served good bread, greasy sandwiches, and oily entrees that taste fairly good." But just in case, in my opinion LPQ serves good bread, greasy sandwiches, and oily entrees that taste fairly good. I had the chicken stew which could have been made with 50% less oil and still be oily, but otherwise was enjoyable. 
The chocolate spread for the bread is a must.Often too expensive for me to purchase much but I like the space and the food! The service was awesome and made some great recommendations. Delicious too.My first time there and I loved it. The atmosphere was fresh, rustic and inviting. I loved the different sort of dining experience where you get to seat yourself. The service is very friendly and the food is very healthy. I had a grilled chicken pesto and cheese sandwich and a raspberry tart for dessert, everything was delicious. I plan on going back very soon.This is one of my favorite places in the city. Great food, great quiet atmosphere and the workers are so nice. I love coming here for lunch, or even to grab a coffee and get work done. The smoked salmon and avocado rosy tartines are very good and the mixed berry tart is amazing. My mom also loved the hot lemon, honey & ginger tea. I highly recommend this place.Ordered the Matcha Latte with coconut milk but they were out of coconut milk so I settled for almond instead. Latte was kind of lame on the taste - couldn't really taste the matcha. Also had the gluten-free lemon poppy seed muffin and it was pretty good warmed. It's was kind of pricey here but if you're looking for something warm and quick, it's not that bad.Overall, nice place. Service left a bit to be desired. Good selection of baked goods, bread was great.
But for a place that tries to beat you over the head with their french-ness, they make a terrible omelet (really watery, bland, and very overcooked on the outside).Used to be my fav spot to grab Belgium hot chocolate, but today I realized I won't be back again, at least in this location. As soon as I walked in I noticed all the tables were dirty. The waitress told me to find my own spreads somewhere in the other tables and after you order, they barely pay attention to their customers. Too bad for a place that could be a great spot!Well - I only visit Philly occasionally having grown up here, but it strikes me there is an EXTREME shortage of spacious yet cosey, sunlight-filled caffe's like this one. So okay I heard they are still learning their way if they get a big crowd of people who actually want a meal, but if you're here for a fabulous, uplifting, high-ceilinged, wonderfully designed place with good coffee and scones, so far, I haven't seen anything better in Philadelphia. Parking is not easy - so plan accordingly - it's near lots of public transit, logan circle, musems, etc. They have free wi-fi, fast internet.Came here for brunch with my sister. I ordered the smoked salmon and scallions omelette with a matcha green tea Latte, it was amazing. My sister ordered the avocado toast with a latte and she enjoyed it all. We were amazing with the food and the service. Out server Jett was sweet and very attentive. Will definitely be coming back to this location again.Sean is great! The service was fast and friendly! The gouda cheese and mushrooms omelette was delicious :) we will come againTypical chain food, prices, and atmosphere.  These types of restaurants are generally designed for people who just do not know any better, and do not care.  This place is fine if you want to be bored.  But seriously haven't you grown tired of mediocre food pushers that are only interested in taking your money and nothing else?So they did not know what an Iced Americano was, It was not in their POS, and then the lady charged me for a Latte with an extra shot. Shouldn't you be charging me for like maybe an iced coffee with an extra shot? Anyhoo, I payed almost 5 bucks for it. I never said anything, was not having it right before work. 
If it wasn't for their cheese danish and Hazelnut spread, I would put a one star. Sorry, but I don't know what you guys are up to if you don't know your coffee.LOVE the variety of food, especially for a group of international colleagues with diverse dietary needs. Super fresh, very flavorful, and fantastic service. Love the Baker's Lunch, because I like a little bit of lots of things.I went in on Thursday afternoon for lunch. There was plenty of space. This is a much bigger restaurant than the ones I have been to in NYC. The waiter was quite knowledgeable and pleasant. I enjoyed everything I ordered--the roast beef tartine, decaf coffee and a pistachio tarte. I found the prices for the sandwiches to be higher than Le Pain Quotidien in NYC. The coffee pot was also smaller. Everything was tasty although I thought the crust on the bread on my sandwich was a bit too hard. 
I am so glad that they finally opened. What is most impressive is that they use organic ingredients in everything. There was no other place I could find in Philly that served all organic food. I also like the general layout of Le Pain Quotidien, with the large "common tables" although there were a lot more individual tables at this one.I would love to give this place a 5 star review, however, there are a couple issues for me that make it 4. 
Firstly, let me just say I love it here. I live next door so this is the perfect one stop shop for all my artisanal needs. I love their organic coffee. I am a nurse and a patient of mine raved about how this was the only place they knew of where they could get organic coffee, so of course I made sure to buy them some before one of my shifts and they were in heaven. I think their coffee is absolutely delicious and I really enjoy their lattes/cappuccinos as well. 
I love their food. Everything I have ever had there is great. It is quite pricey, however, if you are willing to spend a little money for a delicious meal, it's worth it. The tartines they serve, which is basically a large piece of bread with a spread on it, are absolutely delicious! I am in love with the ricotta, fig, apple, and honey one. The only downside is they are around 12-13 dollars for that one large piece of bread with a spread on it. I am unimpressed with the avocado one, it was basically the same large piece of bread but with an avocado spread and about four small piece of avocado on top. Again, around 12-13 dollars for that. Everything else I have ever had there has definitely been worth it.
The atmosphere is amazing and beautiful, it makes you feel as if you are in a european cafe. I couldn't believe it is a chain. It reminds me of a much much nicer au bon pain. 
I have been there quite a few times so I am reviewing all of my experiences and there was one particular experience that left me feeling uncomfortable. My parents had come to town for the day and I wanted to take them there for a light afternoon drink of champagne and a snack. When we were seated our server came over and took our order. He was new and had a thick french accent. Another server delivered our champagne and mentioned that our original server was unable to do so due to religious beliefs in regards to alcohol. It was a bit confusing but I guess due to that fact, he really didn't check in with us at all. I honestly felt a little uncomfortable because I knew just drinking the champagne was offending the person who was serving us. I have no issues with religious and cultural beliefs, I just think that it is difficult to work and serve at an establishment that offers alcohol if you cannot touch or handle alcoholic beverages. It was difficult to get his attention throughout our meal and we ended up having to go to the counter to get our check. 
I also use their app and order coffee to go, however, on more than one occasion when I arrive to pick up my order, they haven't made it yet or don't know what I am talking about. They seem to miss the orders that print automatically from their computer system. 
Otherwise, I love it here, I go here to study and eat and catch up with friends and I will continue to do so.Me, my husband and my mother in law went to la pain in Philadelphia for coffee and croissant, the coffe was very good but the croissant was cold and dry.. The place is very pleasant and nice for a brake..This is a duplicate business. The real page is the other one. This place is great however. Went here for dessert and it was delicious.