The staff is attentive, the food excellent and the venue terrific.  This is a great place for a really good, quiet meal.  One of my top favorites in South Philly.I am a picky eater (mostly vegetarian), so am always skeptical when it comes to restaurants with "fancier", more unique menus. Not only did le virtu have great vegetarian options, the service was off the charts amazing. Our waitress was attentive, friendly and very knowledge about the menu (even offering historical tidbits round various menu items.)
I recommend this place highly to picky and non-picky eaters alike!!This place is bad...wait for it...ass. 
If you want AUTHENTIC italian food, this is the place to go.  I cannot tell you how much the fare at this location reminded me of my trips to Italy.   I unfortunately only had a short meal here, but I will be back for a full course dining experience to fully partake of everything that looked delicious on the menu.    
The other 3 members of my party were in complete agreement with me in between the sound of their chomping away.  
Service was very good, ambiance was above average.  
Only detraction was that the bar area had a cellar-ish smell to it, but we sat outside.Great atmosphere and had a fantastic time, but food and wine were not world class or long term memorable (except for some pork skin in the last secondi).Experience was almost glorious. Aside from the barkeeps "Indian Pale Ale" gaff, capable but not a student of the Art, the staff was affable and competent.
 Our waiter, for a table of seven, was a true pro. Never a moment passed when anyone was in need of anything. 
Aside from sis's ScIrpelle soup delay. It gave us all time to "share" it, after our antipasto.
 Transitions were smooth and timely. Entrees were indeed worth the $$$. Country Farm(Berks County), assumed pasture raised, pork sampler special was great. Seasoned to perfection and properly done. Monkish with mussels and clams was devoured. Pasta was comparable to most homemaders. Nana was best.
 Fine wine and beer selection. Avery Maharaja's Imperial IPA was out.  Often a tough find anywhere east of the Rockies. Plenty of fine substitutions.
  Parking was easy enough for a Friday.Just stunning! I'm a very good cook, and THIS is where I go when I want food that kicks my food's butt. Note: this is NOT a  meatball joint, this is real Italian food the way Italians eat it. The homemade salumeria is authentic and delicious. Get the salumeria platter for a first course or to share at the bar. The pastas are so perfect. Everything is cooked with such care and skill. Beyond the food, I love the mural over the bar and the look and atmosphere of the place. The wine list has wonderful and unusual selections that compliment this rare food. And the bartender makes a darned good martini, too.  The staff can be a bit distracted form time to time, but I have never had bad service. Everyone is treated well-- not just 'insiders.' The owners are charming and welcoming. May they live well and prosper! They've given Philly a jewel.If Le Virtu were a woman she'd be too good for me. I was completely blown away with my meal here. I know this will sound like sacrilege to some but I am not a big fan of italian food. In fact, typically I down right don't like it. My wife is a huge fan of italian food and she is constantly trying to get me to go at it again and again. Well I've found the promise land and it is good. I can't wait to go back. 
Everything is fresh, local and made on site. Even if no one told you that you could taste it in each bite. I was with a group and we shared each of our dishes. I ate cured meats, soft shell crab, duck, gnocchi, a little bit of everything - I didn't have one bad fork-full.Pretty decent place. Tried a variety of dishes and liked most of it. The prices here are pretty reasonable for a 'high end' restaurant. I would say expect about $60 a head. For some oddball reason (I suspect it was the alcoholics at the table) the bill was almost $600 for six people for us, however. But the prices on the menu were about $27 for the main dish, and about $20 for the starter dishes. I was impressed with the portion size as well. Usually there seems to be some non-logical inverse relation between the price you pay and the amount of food that you get, but here you could get full on a main dish and 1-2 small dishes (I have a big appetite, take away a smaller dish for those who eat bird meals) 
My favorite dish was the Goat Gnocchi. The taste was very sharp and the gnocchi was firm. Also the semifroddo chocolate cake dessert was excellent. 
My least favorite was the tripe and I was like, "Who ordered this sh_t?" Both my and my girlfriend's stomachs felt a little weird over the next two hours. I can only imagine that this dish was the cause but not entirely sure. 
.
Unfortunately, our waitress didn't bring or wrapped leftovers back to the table!! Such a disappointment.  In the beginning, she also asked if we wanted Philadelphia tap water or bottled water. Was New Jersey water or Chicago water an option, or something? 
It felt a little cramped and the temperature kept shifting from very hot to cold. I was sweating my tail off for about half of the meal. 
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 4 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 Stars
Wait Time = 3 StarsA-OK in my book. 3.5 Yelps.  
Four of us went for NYE dinner.  I believe I was one of 2 who enjoyed their meal thoroughly.  Know that it is a different kind of Italian.  Fresh and homemade but def different. Let me start by saying that the best dishes of the night were the apps.  They were awesome! Risotto balls and some sort of egg and cheese croquettes that the waiter recommended- great job.  Loved them.  As a group, we ordered the rabbit, which i thought was the best entree, the single strand spaghetti, the ravioli special, and the gnocchi.  The gnocchi aren't really potato gnocchi, but rather flat pasta.  Confused me as I guess we expected it to be shaped like an gnocchi.  Our meal was good though, Again I really liked the Rabbit.  The service was also good.  Not a bad stop, especially if your not looking for traditional gravy.Hands down one of the BEST restaurants I have ever been to! Last night I went for my 3rd time and it has just gotten better (which I didn't think was possible)! Freddie, the manager is so kind and welcoming. Our server AZ was awesome and so helpful with what to pick off the menu with both wine and food. You MUST try the Pecorino Agnolotti, an amazing dish that both my fiancé and I couldn't get enough of. The Scrippelle and Roast Pork ravioli were magnificent as well. I believe this place is one of the best and a must try for all my fellow foodies out there!Pretty good all around. Hits and misses in our menu picks. A lot of food though. Even if we didn't like everything, we went home full. Service was great throughout.
Antipasta:
Stracciatella Pugliese was awesome. Highlight of the meal.
Egg & Cheese croquettes  were meh.
Ricotta stuffed puff balls were also underwhelming.
Pasta:
Spizzichi was incredible.
Maccheroni w/ long hots was quite good.
Raviolini was OK.
Main:
Porchetta was good. Very crispy skin and tasty & tender inner meat.
We didn't try the desserts.
Beer selection was good, both drafts and bottles. A rotating draft list is a cool feature for an Italian place since it's so unexpected.
Only tried one wine by the glass, but the bottle list was impressive but untested.
Cocktail menu was boring and left untried. After dinner, we had a round of Nonino Amaro neat, which were quite good.After reading Craig Laban's positive review, I decided to check out Le Virtu for a Tuesday night dinner. The place is surprisingly large (from the outside it wasn't very noticeable to me) and although the weather wasn't very nice the night I visited, it looks like they have a sufficient outside eating area. We started out with the Insalata di raddichio which was raddichio lettuce topped with apple slices, gorgonzola cheese and a vinaigrette dressing. I guess I need to work on my italian and read the menu a little better because i was expecting more of a waldorf salad topped with walnuts. However, when the salad came out the bitterness of the raddichio, the gorgonzola, and the vinaigrette dressing were really overwhelming. We didn't finish the salad. For dinner the boyf got the suckling pig which was tender and juicy and thank God came out a just a cut of the meat and not in the form of a cute little piggy. I had the lamb shank which was also cooked to perfection and fell right off the bone. I am by no means a lamb connoisseur, so I didn't really know what to expect, but I really liked the texture of the meat. In regards to flavor, I thought it could have used something, but that could just be a testament to my ignorance of lamb. The bed of risotto under the lamb was very cheesy and delicious, however. In terms of service, our waiter was very efficient and we had no issues. I'm not sure if I would come back though because nothing I ate really wowed me.We went to Le Virtu after the Army Navy game with a group of twenty.  They were expecting a few less, but were most accommodating and they even opened early just for us.  It was an attractive, warm, friendly environment and they were exceptionally attentive.
We had four West Point cadets and three Annapolis midshipmen.  The owner came by many times to ensure they were not wanting for anything.
We had pre-ordered because of our group's size.  The food flowed.  It was good to very good.  The Mozzarella con Pomodoro e Carciofi Arrosto was excellent.  The kids in the group enjoyed the Gnocchi con Pomodoro e Mozzarella.  My wife and I munched the Olive all'Ascolana with relish.  When one of the guests said she didn't eat meat, a few minutes later a wonderful dish (Linguine al Cartoccioi) showed up.
We're definitely returning next year's game.  And my wife and I want to return again.  Perhaps during the summer to enjoy the outdoor tables.it is a good spot, the food is very authentic of Abbruzzi.  The wines are a bit pricy, i.e. a fairly high mark up as compared to other restaurants.  I did see that some reviewers thougth the service was not up to par, however with our experience the service was fairly good and the server was very knowledgeable of the entire menu.  I had the stuffed olives to start and they were good stuffed with pork, good not great.  For entree I had pasta with black truffle, again good but not great and a bit salty.  We looked on the website and saw byob is only on tuesday but when we arrived on wednesday we saw other guests byob-ing and when i asked the server she told me that you can do it any night with a $10 corkage, which i wish they had put on the website.  Definitely worth a try.Stopped in for just a quick appetizer and glass of wine. I cannot speak to their entire menu but the quality of their appetizers will definitely have me coming back! They were absolutely delicious, they cure their own meats and serve their food in a way that shows they really care about food. I will definitely be back!This restaurant offer great food from the Abruzzi region of Italy.   Pasta is homemade and don't miss the house cured meat selection as an app.  Rustic cuisine but done with care.I was really looking forward to dinner here, but alas it failed to live up to the hype. First let me explain my quest: eat at the 10 best restaurants in Philly in 2014. Philly Mag ranks Le Virtu at #5. I expected more.
Service was attentive, but I felt like I couldn't get a straight answer. In these days of the small plate vs. Family style, I wanted some insight about ordering. I felt like I asked for this advice in 3 different ways but never got a straight answer. Finally my husband & I decided to just wing it & received a skeptical look from the server. What did we do wrong, we asked. He hinted that we didn't order enough food. We added on another entree that ended up disappointing & completely superfluous.
I liked the house lamb sausage with blueberries & the handkerchief pasta a lot. The red wine the server suggested was rich but not overpowering. The semifredo was a nice way to end things. Everything else: it was okay.
I usually love pork belly, but this was overwhelming. Was it the whole belly? There was so much saffron in all the dishes I could still taste it as I drove home. And don't even bother with the seafood stew. Maybe Brooklyn ruined me, but I used to get a much fresher & brighter version for about 1/2 the price in N. Williamsburg. 
Overall it was a solid meal... I just wish I hadn't gone into it expecting a top 5 meal.Nice place. Great patio. Amazing service. Delicious and incredibly authentic food. 
I had 3 courses and wine. I ordered the artichoke lasagna from the specials menu. It made me cry. It was exactly how I wanted and needed it to taste. Really great dining experience.In my opinion the very best restaurant in Philadelphia and maybe the world.Had amazing meal here last night. Both food and service were on point. The Burrata in guazzetto is a MUST if you like cheese and want a fantastic starter to your meal. And the brioche bread pudding with gelato rocked my world.Highly recommend, the food, atmosphere, service all excellent. AZ was our server and he was awesome. The food was incredible. I had the pork ribs, awesome, gnocchi, awesome, and the rabbit, awesome! I can' say enough good things about this place, go experience and you won't be disappointed.
It's not cheap, and it's not for everyone, but if you enjoy fine dining and a city atmosphere you must go check this place out. Parking is tight just like everywhere in Philly. There was 4 of us and we ordered 3 courses each and had 2 $50 bottles of wine, tab was $440, totally worth every penny. Go to Le Virtu and enjoy.Excellent authentic regional Italian food, very flavorful and professionally prepared. Full bar, great wine list, great service, younger more hip crowd. The menu is a little eclectic, so if you are adventuresome and want to try something new, I highly recommend. If you're looking for a big plate of spaghetti and meatballs in a dark room with red velvet curtains with Frank Sinatra in the background, this isn't that place.Delicious! Started off with burrata, then the lamb gnocchi. Everything was handmade, fresh, and cooked perfectly. 
Service was very good, waiters were very attentive. A nice place for date night and very accommodating. I will definitely go back again.Absolutely wonderful, authentic Abruzzese cuisine.  
To start, we were served complimentary fried dough.  Some plain, and some stuffed with fresh mozzarella and sage.  Delicious!
Our table of seven split two of the antipasto platters.  They were rather large and featured house cured meats, a diverse selection of cheese, a frittata, roasted peppers and olives.  One of our dining companions ordered the scrippelle soup which we all had the chance to taste.  The scrippelles were light as air and tasty.  Though I was slightly disappointed, it's only because they were different than my grandmother's.  However, I highly recommend this dish.
For dinner I had the Timballo di Scrippelle.  It's essentially a lasagna but the pasta layers are scrippelles.  It was wonderful.  I also sampled the Ravioli al Cioccolato Ripieni di Coniglio, cocoa raviolis stuffed with braised rabbit and amaretto cookies.  Such a unique, delightful dish.  Others had the monkfish with clams and mussels, the spaghetti with hot peppers, and a pork platter, which was a special for the night.  I wasn't offered samples from those plates, so I'm going to assume they were enjoyed!
For dessert we shared the Pizza Dolce, which none of us loved.  But the tiramisu was amazing, and I'm not even a fan of tiramisu!  A definite must-try, if that's your thing.
What I loved most about Le Virtu, besides the amazing food, was the authenticity of the meal.  The antipasto platters were done the way they were supposed to be (without lettuce!), next was the pasta course, then meat and finally the salad, served last.  This is the first restaurant in the states that I have found that serves the salad last.
The atmosphere was warm and comfortable and the service was attentive and knowledgeable without being intrusive.  I most definitely will return, sooner than later.  I see this being bumped to a 5-star if they continue to wow as they did on this visit!Worth the hype! Everything was incredible. The meat board was one of the best I have had in the city.The restaurant is very welcoming.  We decided to eat inside but the garden area has a nice vibe and many chose that over inside.  Appetizers were fantastic.  We ordered arrosticinni and the fiori di zucca.  The fiori di zucca (fried zucchini flowers with cheese) reminded me of a really good tempura with a soft creamy cheese center.  The arrosticinni (lamb) taste fresh right off the grill.  Main dishes we ordered raviolini and lamb ragu.  Raviolini was a nice summer dish but small serving size.  The lamb ragu pasta was more then al dente.  The serving size was small on this dish as well but took me forever to eat it since the pasta was undercooked.  The lamb taste more like crumbled meatballs then lamb.  Now on to dessert..  torta di mirtillo and torta fruiti di Bosc.  The desserts combination were not quit right.  The cream should have been switched on each dessert. Also not worth the price of $12 each.  Le Virtu has nice flavors just need to be placed with the proper combination.  
The olive oil served with bread was amazing!  Had a nice dark color and did not need salt and pepper in it to help with the flavor.  Shame it was not from Abruzzo but Umbria.Took a friend visiting from New York for dinner at Le Virtu. The menu is focused on Abruzzo cuisine and its concept of "sea and mountain."
Of all the things we tried, I absolutely LOVED the porchetta. The pork belly was to die for. The seasoning was amazing, and it was so tender. Sometimes I find myself daydreaming about it while sitting in lecture.
My friend also loved his brodetto (seafood stew).
Even more stand-out than the food, I think, was the service. We were seated at the very front of the restaurant, so it was a bit isolated since the bulk of the seating was towards the back, behind the bar, but our waiter stopped by frequently and regularly to check up on us  and did a great job on keeping pace with the courses.So it had been written.
So it was done.
How many times have your friends set your expectations so high that the ensuing let-down leaves you wondering how you could even be friends with these people? Hopefully not too often if you're a yelper ;) ANYWAY, reading the reviews prior to my visit I was plenty skeptical. Would it be good? Sure, I figured it would be tasty but certainly wasn't prepared for just how good everything was! 
The great thing about going with a group anywhere is you usually get to try a bit of everything. This was mostly true of our visit with the exception of the two misers whose Monkfish dish was soooo good they wouldn't part with a tiny portion! Their silence and cheshire cat grins spoke volumes though. 
My own dish was a little bit of WOW! Rabbit stuffed chocolate ravioli with cookie crumbles? Yes please, and throw two more on there for good measure! My only criticisms would be that A) the four ravioli's were drowning in olive oil when just a little would have sufficed and B) they were on the thin side and could have been a wee bit thicker or go ahead and add one or two more to the plate. The smaller size worked out well as it allowed me to sample everyone else's and not leave feeling as stuffed as a ravioli myself.  :) 
The atmosphere was very pleasant. Service attentive. Prices very agreeable for the quality. Definite value found here. 
Final note: I've worked "fine dining Italian" and can appreciate the quality of what we received, but the true measure was watching the glowing faces of the three people at the table whose own family are from the Abruzzo region. There beaming smiles gave the final seal of approval.Very nice atmosphere. Food was very good overall and service was excellent. They let you dine and were not rushing you out the door. We started with the Octopus Carpaccio which was bright and refreshing with a lot of acid. We ordered the cheese plate which was delicious but only if you like very sharp cheeses.
There was a special primi pasta in a butter garlic sauce that was incredible. They make all of their pastas in house by hand and it was extremely delicate. Good to share with 2 people as an appetizer. I ordered the Meagre fish which was good but spicier than I thought it would be and my husband order the lamp porterhouse. 
We will definitely return and would love to try more of their primi pasta dishes as I feel like this is where they really shined.This was our second visit. The food is great and we love how the menu balances classic dishes with interesting twists (without falling into kitsch or fusion). The service is relaxed so don't expect to be in and out quickly. I wouldn't say it's the best Italian in the city, but absolutely a place to go.We were a party of 9 celebrating a milestone birthday. The restaurant seated us a wonderful outdoor table, and-on a busy Saturday night-the servers were flexible and patient with our party which included 2 children under 5 years old. We shared a few appetizers which were good, but the main courses (8 of 9 of us ordered a pasta dish) share one word: SALTY. I couldn't even finish my dinner, and all of us were disappointed except for my mom (who ordered the lamb).  The atmosphere was perfect. The food...not.Great restaurant both food and service. Doesn't get 5 stairs only because of space. Hard to do much in such a small area. Simple decor.
Had the Suppli -Fried risotto, roasted butternut squash, smoked mozzarella which was delicious. Went with the Coniglio in porchetta - Lancaster County rabbit "porchetta" style, farro, roasted cauliflower which was fantastic. I also had the Fried long hot peppers, garlic, olive oil which were nice and hot. Had 3 scopes of gelato (different favors) which was a perfect way to end the meal. Service was excellent, martinis cold and valet parking available. Great restaurant.I really enjoyed the maccheroni Alla mugnaia.Outstanding service, great space, great bar. Nick (server) was great. Visited on Chriustmas Eve, they had normal full menu, plus some holiday additions.
We had the misti, burratta, pecorino del parco, goose for two, marrchione, and gnocchi. All the food was spectacular, lived up to expectations. We can't wait to return.I came here for dinner one night. It was easy to get reservations on a weekend night. I did ask for outdoor seating and somehow they forgot to write it down, so we had to wait a little extra to be seated. They did have plenty of open tables outdoors so idk why they didn't let us sit. The bar was packed so we couldn't even sit inside and wait so we went to the bar a block from them to have drinks while we wait. Then when we came back and all the outdoor seatings were still open, so idk what the hold up was. They have 3 areas of outdoor seatings. 1 with private under the roof, 1 near the huge wall painting, and 1 (my least fav) near the entrance where everyone comes into the restaurant from, and of course we were seated near the entrance. People constantly kept coming in and out from near our table. 
Food wise, I got their hand pulled pasta and it was a absolutely delicious. We got their cheese platter as well and it was ok. I have had better cheese platters than that. I wasn't a fan of their cocktails as well. But I would still come back here again to try other things on their menu.I wanted to update my review, since my latest experience here blew me out of the water.  Everything from start to finish was perfect.  It helped that we got sat in the beautiful outdoor patio area by the garden with the strung lights - very romantic.
Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the wine and helped us pick what to get based on our personal preferences/food choices.  
As for food, last time I visited was in October and the menu has completely changed since then, which means it rotates seasonally and that's always a nice plus.
To start, we split the lamb skewers appetizer.  Adorable presentation and the meat was so juicy and flavorful, it practically fell off the skewers.  Spicy dipping sauce was dope.  Homemade warm bread and olive oil for the table is also still delicious.
For entrees, everything on their menu sounded delicious, but we opted for their specials of the night.  I got the tilefish in a tomato broth and my BF got the octopus/sausage pasta dish.  Both were absolutely fantastic.  My tilefish was so delicate and cooked perfectly and had a delectable light tomato/chickpea broth.  The pasta was creamy and decadent with the "wow!" pops of the grilled octopus and sausage that's scratch made on premises.
For dessert, I was REALLLLYYY looking forward to their amazing ricotta cheesecake, but unfortunately it wasn't on the menu (hoping come fall it will be there!).  Didn't matter though, since we chose the olive oil chocolate cake that my boss highly recommended to me.  Absolutely delicious, light, and well balanced.  And I generally dislike chocolate cakes.  The pistachio gelato was a unique combination.  Perfection.
It is still pricey, but the portions are just right (not overwhelming and not bird's sizes) and the food is authentic and spectacular.Very overpriced and portions are way too small for the price.  If you don't want to leave famished you're dropping at least $150.00 for 2 and you'll still be hungry at the end.In early 2017, I placed a reservation for Valentine's day, but the weekend before, my wife and I both caught a cold.  I was surprising my wife, so she didn't know the venue, but I decided that we should postpone until the following weekend.  I already confirmed that we would make our reservation, but then I contacted Fred back and he said it would be ok to cancel.  We made a new reservation for Saturday, but I could only get one at 5:15.
We wanted to get dessert, so we skipped on the anitpasti.  I ordered the Fazzoletti verdi con ragu di faraona, which was spinach pasta with a guinea hen ragu.  My wife ordered the Raviolini di tartufo nero, containing sheep's milk ricotta ravioli with shaved black truffles. Both of our entrees came out surprisingly fast.  Fresh pasta only takes a few minutes too cook, but this was just a few minutes.  The portions were smaller than we were expecting, but the flavors were spot on.  My meal wasn't what I pictured, but it was so much better.  Everything on the dishes complimented each other.  We ordered desserts and went with the two, since we thought the portions might have been smaller than we are used to.  We split the Torta di ricotta and the Bocconcini di tartufi.  The cheesecake had this great blood-orange honey sauce, but the cheesecake was a bit too cold for me.  The espresso filled bon bons were also colder than I was anticipating.  
I was conflicted about a three or four star rating.  The biggest issue for me was the service.  Our water glasses were filled once early on, but then never again for the rest of the meal.  That's pretty unacceptable to me.  I also really wanted to go here for the gnocchi and right away the waiter told us there wasn't any gnocchi that night.  Other than that, the flavors and quality of the entree was good enough to justify a four...  Probably wouldn't be back on our own, but if we ever had friends having a birthday or something there, we would go back.The chef is fresh off the boat from italy and it shows.  all pasta is made fresh and is out of this world.  the lasagna was incredible and grilled veggies as well.  we each tried a dessert and were all pleased.   Nice ambiance and service.We tried the a salad, three apps and two different entrees - everything was great. Comfy vibe and friendly service - very knowledgeable on the menu. Valet parking was made the arrival/departure easy - friendly staff. I look forward to returning.Best meal I have had in years. The pheasant ravioli special was possibly the best thing I have ever tasted, while the octopus salad and the rabbit porchetta were also delicious.   If looking for Italian food in Philadelphia, this is the place I go to. I can't imagine that Vetri could be any better even even given the dramatic increase in price.  The tab came out to around $125 with tip for two people, with enough food left over for both of us to eat for lunch the next day.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a meal in the city.We went for happy hour which was a good deal - $3 beers, $5 wines, $7 cocktails, and food specials under $5. Croquettes were delicious!  Pork shoulder was great.  Tuesdays are BYO nights, or you can BYO any other night for a $10 corkage fee. Great to know!  Will be back for sure.Le Virtu
1927 E Passyunk Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19148 (215) 271-5626
www.levirtu.com/
Le Virtu prides itself on being based on Abruzzese culinary tradition.  Abruzzo is a region of Southern Italy bordered on the east by the coastal waters of the Adriatic sea and on the west by the outskirts of Rome. Le Virtu, Italian for "the virtues," is based on the concept of presenting unspoiled, wild, unpretentious food either imported from Abruzzo itself or made using locally sourced ingredients. The restaurant prides itself on the quality and authenticity of its food and guests are encouraged to stay and savor the experience.  The restaurant itself is nice on the interior with an excellent covered al fresco dining area.
Traditional Italian fare starting with bread and extra virgin olive oil. Personally, it was good, but nothing too special.
Burrata pugliese: Imported Pugliese burrata, rainbow cherry tomatoes, basil. Burrata is a fresh Italian cheese made from mozzarella and cream.  Excellent start.  The tartness of the tomatoes balanced well with the creamy dairy of the burrata.
Shrimp Bisque.  Creamy and rich.  Also a very good start to a meal.
Casarecce al pesto di pistacchi: Casarecce, pistachio pesto, grated ricotta salata. Casarecce pasta is shaped like a very narrow, twisted and rolled tube. It has a green hue from the pistachio pesto.  Ricotta salata is a variation of ricotta that has been pressed, salted and dried. Ricotta salata is hard and white and has a mildly salty, nutty and milky flavor. It can be shaved or grated over salads, pastas and vegetable dishes.
Taccozzelle ali'aquilana: Handkerchief pasta, Abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffle, Navelli saffron.  Navelli saffron, more often called L'Aquila saffron, is generally agreed to be the very best in the world. Its stigmas are longer, its aroma stronger and its colour deeper than any other. And after eating this dish, I'd have to agree.
Trota. Grilled lake trout, heirloom beans, cucumbers, lentils.  Trout was served with the skin, wish it had been taken off, but that is easily remedied. Otherwise, fairly good, nothing to write home about however, but not bad by any means.  Meat was tender and seasoning was perfectly adequate.
Agnello alla griglia.  Smoked lamb top round, chick peas, mint. A far better main course in my opinion. This italian phrase is for "grilled lamb" and it was complimented by the chick peas and mint.  Served with a tasty jus sauce as well. B+ in my book.  It's only deficits were a slight overcooking of the meat and the mint was a bit too overpowering in my book.When you order a drink and they run out of an ingredient don't younthink the server should let you know?  That is our our evening started.
The frisée salad was good, the sausage and blood orange salad was great the fried risotto with cheeses and peas was tasteless and overdone.
The pasta chittara was good, the homemade pulled pasta with oil and garlic was tough and under cooked. Of course our server never checked on us so we couldn't tell him.  The taccozzelle pasta fantastic.
We ordered 4 different desserts, the chocolate semi credo and the rosette were great, the bread pudding was dry and the pear taste was just ok.
Not sure what all the hype is about.  A 3 at bestFound this restraunt with yelp.  Absolutley no place to park use the valet parking which is $16.  The restraunt was very nice the staff was excellent our waiter was Awesome and knowledgeable.  Id your in a hurry this is not the place we went on a Sunday evening took close to 30 min for our food to arrive.  Portions are medium to small.  I had half of chicken no breast with Brussels sprouts and two gnocchi.  Salad and soup did not come with it.  The dinner was $36.  The taste was nothing spectacular just chicken.  My wife 100% Italian had a pasta dish.  She said nothing amazing.  Again the place was very nice along with the staff.  Just did not think food suited a $57 bill.This was the shortest longest meal I've ever had.  
It had been a while since my last visit. The pasta is always so good, I thought it would be a great place to bring my parents, who were visiting from out of town.  It seems like they've put more tables in since the last time? I'm not sure - it just seemed more cramped and louder than I remember.  
Our reservation was at 6:30.  Our server was perfectly pleasant, and we ordered the antipasti plate while we perused the menu.  Then our server disappeared. He would walk by, hardly glance in our direction.  Hellooooo..... So we finally ordered our entrees.  The pasta special (with mussels and zucchini) was delicious, so was my husband's pork belly.  Once our entrees were cleared, we waited...and waited... for dessert menus. We decided what we wanted and waited another 15 minutes for him to take our order. This guy was clearly overwhelmed with the number of tables he was given, or maybe he was just inexperienced?  Not sure.
tl;dr  Arrived at 6:30. Didn't leave until 9pm. (not our choice) Service needs work. Pasta is excellent.If I had reviewed this place as I had remembered it in the past, it would have been a solid 4.  The meal I had tonight was not only average in flavor, but in some dishes was overcooked and in others undercooked.  I don't recognize the new Le Virtu, at all.Ate here last week - hard to believe it took 8 years! Ordered a bunch of things for the table. It was everything I expected and more. I agree with all the folks who feel it's the best italian in Philly theses days - definitely right up there with the best. The food was just magnificent. The service was good, pleasant and attentive. Excellent wine selection. My only surprise was the bread, it's made on premise - it's good, but short of exceptional like everything else we had.My boyfriend and I came to Le Virtu a couple weekends ago. He surprised me with reservations and I couldn't wait to see East Passyunk. I really hadn't heard much of anything, and I was very excited when we stopped in front of Le Virtu.
The restaurant is very no frills while still being classy. Cozy Italian. 
To start we shared the grilled radicchio with a balsamic glaze on top of burrata...absolutely delicious. The sweet glaze offset the bitterness of the grilled radicchio, and the burrata was just amazing. We also shared the charred octopus salad. The salad was very fresh, and the octopus cooked great. However, I would have liked the octopus in bigger pieces since I felt they got a bit lost in the salad.
For our main I got the agnolotti with porchetta and sage in a buttery sauce. You could definitely tell the pasta was homemade, and the portion was perfect. Not too big like at other Italian restaurants. I finished my plate and didn't feel uncomfortably full. My only complaint was that the pasta was a bit too al dente for me, I tend to like my pasta cooked a bit more. My boyfriend had the tagliatelle with rabbit ragu. He loved his as well.
Overall, a great experience. Good food and good service. Wish it wasn't so far.My girlfriend and I enjoyed a lovely Valentine's day dinner at Le Virtu. After a  special valentine's day tour of Magic Gardens on South street we headed over to Le Virtu for an 8:45pm reservation. It was dimly lit and cozy, perfect for a cold evening. We decided to share a few different plates starting with the Suppli. This fried risotto dish was a great appetizer. It was flavorful and filling but not overly so. 
We continued with the Timballo (crepes). It resembled a lasagna and the ragu was super savory and delicious. We ended our meal by splitting the Braised lamb shank with lentils. The lamb was exquisitely cooked, so tender it literally fell off the bone. The reason this place isn't getting 5 stars is because the lentils were underwhelming given the amazing flavor of the rest of the meal. I would definitely come here again and recommend it to anyone who wants to experience a great meal.Absolutely amazing! My fiance and I were lucky enough to eat there tonight during Philly Neighborhood Food Week which meant we could try 3 courses for $30! Are you kidding?! Each of these incredible entrees  were worth $30. None of the 6 dishes we tried were anywhere short of incredible. 
The homemade pasta was the best I've had. I've eaten at Vetri and enjoyed it but this was just as good if not better. Rivaled the restaurant at the MOMA (Seven?) but way more casual and whole lot closer than Manhattan. 
I could go on but I'm still buzzing from my food high and want to enjoy it
Eat Here Now!I came on a Friday and sat outside. We were one of two guests eating at the place but it was only 6pm. More people trickled in throughout the night..
We started with the Bruschetta and antipasti. It was very different from what I've had before, but it was absolutely amazing. Everything tasted so good with heavy flavoring for many of the things on the plate. My entree was tagliatelle, and it was the best pasta I've had in the states. I was in italy a month prior to my visit, and I think it was better than anything I'd eaten abroad. From tasting the other pastas at my table, it was evident the noodles were fresh and thoughtfully cooked and timing of taking the noodles out. There was also bread and olive oil brought to our table.Disappointed. Even though it looks like an awesome place, especially in nice weather.  It's menu is really interesting and kinda fun too.  Maybe we went on a bad day, but the experience soured us all to the place.
We went there with a group of 8 for a little birthday celebration.  We were told the day of the event that they needed to change our reservation to 1.5 hours earlier.  We had the reservation for two weeks...
Dinner was mixed results.  The cod and branzino were both very tasty and thoroughly enjoyed. The boar ragut and panchetta raviolis were also quite good.  The hand pressed "gnocchi" that accompanied the boar are just little flat pieces of pasta and rather underwhelming.  The handkerchief pasta with sausage and truffle was tasteless. The hand pulled pasta was not even close to aldente and woefully hard, which is strange for "fresh pasta".  We ordered a few of the desserts because they sounded good, but were not worth it.  Oh... Don't plan on getting decaff cappuccino even if you order it.  A 
It was very nice that they waived the $15/bottle byo corking fee on a Tuesday night.  However, what was a bit appalling was they charged $5/plate ($40) for the birthday cake we brought and all that was provided for that fee was a stack of plates, a knife and a few candles.  They didn't cut or plate the cake, nor offer even whipped cream or anything for the fee.  ...The next evening we celebrated same person's Birthday at Redstone Grill and there was no fee for the cake that they cut and plated, while also providing an extravagant sparkler when presenting.Looking for the perfect date night spot? You found it. 
Le Virtu is such a gem. It's classy but not too much so...the overall feel is very comfortable and homey. It set me up to chow down on some pasta and drink italian wine. Not much can beat that!
The service was also amazingly friendly and warm. We spoke with the manager for a lengthy period of time about food traditions across Italy and, in particular, the food from Abruzzo where his grandfather is from (one of Le Virtu's main drawing pools).
Appetizers:
Fried rice balls
Hearty chick pea soup is a must have. I feel like this can be easily overlooked but they use duck and rabbit stock....yum city. 
House-made Abruzzese-style sausage
Charred octopus salad was also very good. Surprisingly refreshing. The octopus was very tiny and packed with flavor which is exactly how I like 'em
Primi: We all got entree sized pasta dishes and skipped secondi because they looked amazing
Shepard Style gnocchi was absolutely amazing. Probably my favorite dish. The gnocchi was miniature and not too soft. The smokiness of the lamb sausage paired with the sheep ricotta gave these dish such warm and comforty feel to it. I could eat this all the time.
Taccozzelle was recommend by the server and rightfully so. The noodles were so fresh. The porcini mushroom was the predominant flavor, can't complain there. 
Desserts: 
Pecorino Panna cotta. Yes, get this. It is a must have. The pecorino really makes this panna cotta unique. It is extra thick and creamy, served with poached pears. I loved it. Also it is a smaller portion size which I welcomed warmly after all of the pasta I destroyed
Chocolate semifreddo was like eating the best frozen chocolate milk I've ever had.
Assorted biscotti.........I know it's a crime but I don't like biscotti. Never have. But for the members of the dinner party who do like it they raved about them.
Enjoy! I'll be back soon to try the Maccheroni alla mugnaia: the 6 ft single strand noodle pasta!Wow. Not many get the glorious 5 stars! It started with a board of some of the greatest aged, dried meats I have had in a long time. Next, the lamb ragu.... The lamb ragu.... Holy radiant lamb ragu. Get it. Don't share. That's my advice. Then finish with any secondi you'd like. You won't fail. I left with a full belly a great time, and plans to return!The BAD: Waitress was impolite and showed irritation when...My wife ordered a meal. The waitress said "We are all out of that." My wife quickly found a pasta with chickpeas, potatoes, baccala to replace her original selection, but asked them to please hold the baccala as she is vegetarian. The waitress said that is a pre-mixed and the baccala can not be removed. TWO ISSUES: 1. Was she telling us that the food is not made to order and that it was prepared earlier? For the prices they carry this was alarming, particularly involving fish. 2. She seemed irritated that we even asked to make this dish vegetarian. 
The REALLY BAD: Ricotta/Almond appetizer was poorly presented and tasted terrible-rancid almost. My mother's chicken meal was served in a pan that came right off the grill-the waiter put it on the table, didn't say a word, and walked away. She had difficulty eating it because she couldn't touch the pan and they didn't put a non-slide anything underneath it, not to mention any warning about the style of meal this was.
The OFFENSIVE: We were seated next to the kitchen. 3 serious things anyone dining here should know:
1. Every time the kitchen door swung open, in clear sight for all of the diners is a picture of 3 men, bent over, "mooning" the camera. It was right in my sightline and tasteless, considering the "class" of the venue.
2. A waiter and a waitress standing next to our table were lifting their shoes, touching the bottoms of them and comparing soles-then turning around and grabbing peoples dinner plates to be served.
3. THE WORST: The chef, in clear sight of all, was continuously eating food right from the line, using his hands. At first, we thought he tasting for proper seasoning/flavor, but after he continued to eat larger and larger portions of food we realized he was not. Heart-breaking.I think if you work in good restaurants then you eat in good restaurants.  Last night, for my first dining experience at Le Virtu, I chatted with a couple employees from A.Kitchen and Amis while sitting at the bar.  I imagine if there is anyone versed in good food, it's these guys and they were eating here.  That says something.
I had heard so many good things about this place that it got to my short list rather quickly.  When I had the opportunity to finally go, I snatched it up.
The inside is really nicely laid out and decorated.  Warm colors throughout, rustic wooden tables and marble/granite tops on the counters.  I opted to sit in the room where you could see the kitchen.  There is a bookcase filled with plates and cups sort of obscuring the view in but I was still able to see the action.
We began with the bruschette miste and it was really delicious.  There was an olive tapenade with shaved fennel, house made capicola and roasted peppers, artichoke heart with goat cheese and aged balsamic vinegar and finally, heirloom tomato spread.  Yeah, we absolutely tore through it.
My entree was the fazzoletti with duck ragu.  The pasta was pure perfection.  I was honestly expecting a red sauce but this was instead a cream sauce (alfredo style) but spiced with some thyme and maybe rosemary?  I honestly don't know but it was damn delicious.  My friend got the spaghetti con aglio e olio all'abruzzese.  It was spicy, velvety and perfectly delicious.
We skipped dessert because we had our fill on apps and wine.  The service was on point without being intrusive.
Buon lavoro!  Tornero presto.Le Virtu has been at the top of my list for some time now and I mean on my literal, "I need to eat here list". Unfortunately, getting over to that area is never easy for me but a bunch of my ladies and I decided to take the hike and were not disappointed one bit. 
First off, it's a really cute place. We felt very welcome by everyone we spoke to through the evening from the hostess to our waitress to our bartender. They also have a huge outdoor space which I fully intend to come back and enjoy more of. 
After looking over the whole menu, we all decided we needed some pasta for our mains and shared a bunch of appetizers to start. We shared the burrata, the egg and cheese croquettes, and the N'duja (the spreadable house made sausage). For me the winners were the croquettes and the house made sausage. The croquettes were simply heaven and as I loved the spreadable sausage, I wished I had more of an idea as to how spicy it would be. I loved it but it definitely had some unexpected kick! As far as the burrata, it was good but i've had much better. I could have gone without this one. 
On to the pastas... I choose the maccheroni with a lamb ragu and wow, it was delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The pasta was perfect, the lamb was delicious but not over powering in a light tomato sauce. Loved this one. I also tried and loved the gnocchi with smoked lamb sausage and ricotta but be mindful, this is a creamy /rich dish for sure. I'd image myself loving this dish even more on a cool fall evening. The last standout was the Taccozelle which had sausage, porcinis, black truffles and saffran. Loved the flavors in this one. I might need to get this one on my next visit. 
At the end of the evening, I was happy, full, a lil tipsy and satisfied. What more could I ask for? I'll be back soon!The definition of Virtù comes from Machiavelli and is centered on the martial spirit and ability of a population or leader, but also encompassing a broader collection of traits necessary for maintenance of the state and "the achievement of great things."
Le Virtu as a restaurant has achieved great things. I spent about 5 hours there on Friday evening starting with happy hour at the bar then dining at an indoor table. I was impressed all around. 
I started with a limoncello martini made with Stateside vodka for only $8. It was strong yet refreshing and enjoyable to sip. 
Moving onto a table for dinner, my group including the hubby, Sari A. and Bill M., decided to have some fun in sharing dishes. We started with the Arrosticini d'agnello (grilled cubed lamb skewers, olive oil, lemon, peperoncino, rosemary) which was so incredibly tender and flavorful. As an appetizer, we also split the Fazzoletti verdi con ragu di faraona (Stinging nettles fazzoletti, cocoa-braised guinea hen sausage, Parmigiano Reggiano). We were interested by the stinging nettles, which is actually a plant. Turns out, I'd eat stinging nettles any day. The unique flavors of this plant and hen sausage over pasta were delectable.  
For my main, the hubby and I split the Gnocchi affumicati (Smoked potato gnocchi, lamb ragu, pecorino del parco) and Triangoli al ragu di coniglio (Braised rabbit and Sicilian pistachio-filled triangoli, nepitella, butter, Parmigiano Reggiano). Unfortunately, the gnocchi was a little too smoky for my liking, but everyone who enjoys a smoky flavor found it to be great. I absolutely loved the rabbit dish.
For dessert, we ordered several things and took turns passing them around the table. In my order of favorite to still really good, we had the Torta di Nutella (Nutella ricotta cheesecake, toasted hazelnuts), Torta di mirtillo e limone (Vanilla cake, lemon chantilly cream, blueberry sauce, mint), Sfinci (Strawberry mascarpone-filled fried pastry, toasted pistachios) and Lu Parrozz' (Flourless orange-almond cake, chocolate ganache, saffron-honey). Each was great in their own way, and really just depended on taste preference. 
The service was great as well. They were attentive but allowed our group to dine versus rushing us through a meal. Our server was helpful with any questions that came up including beverage recommendations and substitution questions. 
Le Virtu was an upscale Italian dining experience with unique and innovative courses (at least to me) that vary from the many traditional Italian eateries of South Philadelphia. Throughout my visit they convinced me that they are, in fact, able to achieve great things as part of my culinary experience.Our first dining experience at Le Virtu left us a bit disappointed.  The restaurant is part of the hot Passyunk Ave. scene.  Luckily on a Sat. night we pulled up just as someone was leaving a metered spot.  Otherwise expect to pay ($16) for valet parking.  Inside, the dining space is very attractive.  Great for a fun or romantic evening out.  So the meal.  The special "Easter pie" (like a quiche) was very good.  The spaghetti with sweet and hot peppers would have been excellent if it was not so salty.  The roasted lamb with polenta and broccoli rabe was okay but certainly not outstanding.  And again, a bit too salty. The hostess and the waitstaff were friendly, but I was dismayed that our crumb-topped table was never wiped clean.  Drinks were reasonably priced. However, with a four $$$$ rating, on this night Le Virtu did not deliver a memorable dining experience.AMAZING!  Have yet to find a more AUTHENTIC delicious Italian restaurant.  The make their own pastas and their menu isn't just "chicken parm or fried mozzarella".  They specialize in cooking dishes from Abruzzo- I have been and let me tell you they get it right (well as close as right you can get using american tomoatoes etc.)!   I've had almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed.  
It's a fairly small- yet split into two sections.  It does get loud but what small restaurant doesn't??  The food is def worth more than what they charge.  It's not a cheap restaurant but it's not expensive either.Went for restaurant week which I find a good way to sample many dishes. The place itself is really nice inside and was well lit. We were surprised that Le Virtu provided four courses so already we felt we were getting a bargain. The wait staff was very pleasant and very patient with my wife's food allergy concerns. The staff filled our water whenever it was needed. 
For the first course we had the Mussels and Calamari with beans and the Egg and Cheese Croquettes. The Mussels and Calamari were very good. The beans and sauce complimented the mussels and calamari well, although the bits of mussels and calamari were few and somewhat small. The Egg Cheese Croquettes were my favorite part of the meal. I would love to use them as meatballs in a pasta. The sauce they came in was excellent. Will have to go back one day and try a pasta with red sauce dish if this is any indication of the quality of their sauce. 
For the second course we that the Mugnaia (for 2) which is their single stranded pasta served with peperoncino, garlic, and EVOO. The sauce was great and the pasta was good but parts we felt were a little gummy and too al dente. 
For the third course we had the eggplant crepe and skate wing. We each shared a half so I was able to try both. The skate wing was very good and the sauce it came with was also very good. But my other favorite flavor of the meal was the eggplant crepe. The cheese and eggplant together with the cream sauce was a perfect combination. 
For dessert (the final course) we had the Chocolate Olive Oil Cake and the Panna Cotta. Both were delicious. 
Overall a nice experience in a section of Philly that I don't often get to. I'm going to in the future.I've been to Le Virtu a few times and it's my favorite Italian in Philadelphia.  I've been to Amis, Monsu, and plenty of the gravy places in the city but Virtu is far and away my favorite and the best deal.  I really love their lamb shank and their rabbit ragu but you really can't go wrong with their menu.This is a lovely little restaurant, with delicious food and friendly service. Highlights of the meal included: Palott cac' e ove (Braised egg and cheese croquettes in tomato sauce) which tasted like meatballs but without the meat!  The octopus salad was also very good.  For entree, I would recommend the Taccozzelle all'aquilana
(with house-made Abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffle, Navelli saffron) this was made with wide flat noodles and a delicious truffle scented sauce.  For dessert, the chocolate semfreddo was outstanding.
If I had one complaint, it is that everything on the menu was very rich, so if you are looking for a lighter meal this would not be the place to go.
Overall, highly recommend Le Virtu!PROS:  Fantastic service.  Very good homemade pasta.  Nice sound proofing so you can actually have conversation.  Extremely accommodating of dietary requests.  
CONS: Heavy, spicy food, not a lot of vegetables.
I liked a lot about this restaurant but sadly won't end up eating here often as the downside for me is the menu: I don't enjoy spicy food and nearly everything on the menu has serious kick to it.  Even dishes that the waiter described as extremely mild were not.  Also, there is not a lot of vegetable action going on here, which I find disappointing.  When I am ordering a lot of heavy pasta and meat, it would be nice to have some veggies to balance it out.  If you like spicy, heavy food, this is the place for you.Came with a group of 6 and had a pretty unpleasant experience.  The dishes were mostly strikeouts or singles, but there were a few home runs.  The service, it should be noted up front, was absolutely horrific, but I'll talk about the food first, since that's really all I care about.  
Smoked potato gnocchi, lancaster co. lamb shoulder ragu, pecorino-- The gnocchi were heavy, gummy, and so smokey that they basically ruined the dish, overpowering the gamey lamb/tomato sauce, which on its own was pretty delicious.  It was also over salted, which made the pecorino's presence unpleasant.  
Porchetta-filled agnolotti, sage, butter, black truffle, crushed amaretti.  The filling was dull and under salted, the agnolotti were clunky and poorly executed (way too thick and under cooked at the pinched edges), the butter sauce was heavy and needed more acid, the truffle was barely noticeable, the amaretti made the dish inappropriately sweet, and the sage didn't help a thing.  
House cured goat salame with Caponata-- The highlight of the night.  The essence of goat meat, artfully heightened and distilled.  The flavor was powerfully game-y, but still completely pleasant, and was artfully balanced by a checkering of creamy white fat with a more delicate goat flavor reminiscent of fresh chevre.  The texture was awesomely unctuous.  The caponata was the perfect compliment, and turned this from a great item into a great dish.  The "grilled rustic bread" was scorched in places... why is this so often the case at otherwise competent places?  Maybe I'm just not "rustic" enough to appreciate the flavor of carbon? 
Guitar Pasta with rock shrimp, lemon, mussels, zucchini, zucchini blossoms-- Another highlight.  The rock shrimp were extremely high quality, and perfectly cooked.  The tiny mussels were exceptionally intense, clean and oceanic.  The strips of zucchini in the sauce were fine.  The outstanding olive oil (delicate, floral and green) that anchored the sauce tied everything together with its suavity, and the lemon lent the dish a nice brightness.  The zucchini blossoms advertised on the menu were nowhere to be found-- a definite disappointment, but not a deal breaker considering this pasta's perfection.   
N'Duja, spreadable spicy pork salame--Just as addictive as it sounds.  It comes with clove-y pickled carrots that take it to the next level.  The "grilled rustic bread" that came with this was even more scorched than the "g.r.b." accompanying the goat salame.
Affettati misti, Salame selection--  Everything was excellent, especially the spreadable pork pate jawn and the various vegetable accouterments.  It's impossible not to respect a kitchen capable of house-curing this many varieties of salame this well.  
Tagliatelle Al Sugo Di Coniglio, ribbon shaped pasta, braised Lancaster co. rabbit ragu--The rabbit meat and the tomato in the sauce combined into an amazing compound flavor, delicately sweet.  A completely pleasant dish.
Taccozzelle All'Aquilana- house-made abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffle, navelli saffron--  Very interesting.  I would never have expected the flavor of truffle, porchini, safron and sausage to go together as well as they did in this dish, but in the end the combination was still a little strange, and in the end I think the dish added up to slightly less than the sum of its its parts.  
The deserts all sucked, except for the semi-fredo.  
As for the service...
We got there 2 minutes before our 7:30 reservation time, and were told to wait at the bar until our table opened up.  46 minutes later (we kept count) we were finally able to sit down, and maybe 10 minutes after that a server finally made it over to our table.  By the time the first ap touched down it was almost 9:00.
While we were waiting at the bar the hostess didn't once check in with us .  I had to keep tracking her down to get a report on her non-progress.  Each time I was told "10 minutes".  I've worked in restaurants and completely understand how such a situation can come up, but not how it can go on for 46 minutes.  
While we were waiting at the bar people were piling up behind us wanting to sit and drink, so we had to look like dicks because we weren't willing to wait outside in the 45 degree weather.  Of course the bartender didn't explain the situation to anyone, so I had to.  At the bar we ordered about $45 worth of drinks we wouldn't have wanted if it wasn't for the wait.  Of course nothing was comped-- in a place this obviously understaffed you can be sure that the priority is milking the customer for every drop.  
Seating situation aside, the service was still pretty bad.  It was almost impossible to get a server to answer questions about the menu, and when the plates were brought to the table, she couldn't identify many of the items on the plate.  
To add insult to injury they tacked on an automatic 20% tip.  
Do yourself a favor and go to Osteria instead.Great salami board and the homemade guitarra pasta was to die for, it was so good I ordered another plate of it.First. We got a space outside. $3 for 3 hours. Nice table and quite which is unique. They have acoustic absorbing material not only on ceilings but under the tables. 
Cudos to management. 
Earth tone walls. Good bread and evo. 
Primi;
Asparagus salad. Charcuterie was theeeeeeee bomb. 
Secondi;
Hankerchief pasta my son loved. Shrimp with dual pasta was great. 
Main; 
Seafood stew was good but mussels were bad. Ooops. Rabbit was outstanding. 
Deserts;
Lu parrozz. Flour less orange almond cake with chocolate ganache was great. 
Chocolate semifredo was super tasty but nougat nuts were rancid. Management didn't care. 
Cheesecake was nice with berry top. 
Overall. Missed on some basics. But very good. 4 not 5 stars. Technically 3.5. But not a 3.The food is still good, but the authenticity a nostalgic vestige. 
When Le Virtù opened, I was ecstatic.  It was not just that they were serving Italian food of extraordinarily high quality - well chosen ingredients from local and Italian sources, expertly crafted, and richly flavorful - but it was that they had captured that oh so elusive experience of 'authenticity'.   This food was the closest I had ever experienced to the great great trattorie, osterie, and agriturismi where I have so widely eaten in Umbria, Le Marche, Lazio and Abruzzo.  Le Virtù had masterfully recreated the smell, texture and taste of rustic central Apennine fare: toothy pastas with gamy meat ragus and aglio e olio taken to an artform; richly fatted porchetta,  rabbit, lamb; batter fried herbs, contorni of the season.  I swooned as I ate; I was in a gastronomic stupor surrounded by nostalgic apparitions of Central Italian farmers' tables. And why not? Their authenticity came honest, from their talented  Marchigiana chef, Luciana Spurio cooking with that innate knowledge that no Batali-like whirlwind tour of Italian kitchens could ever provide.  
When Chef Spurio left, I mourned, and I stayed away from Le Virtù for more than two years.  When I realized my 'boycott' was irrational, I returned with a group of hearty-eating compatriots to have a multi-coursed feast.  The food was very good.  But it was different.  What LaBan called "convention bound" in Spurio's menu, I say is the only reason Le Virtù could fairly wear the mantle of 'authenticity'.  At the end of this lavish, enjoyable and high quality meal, I lamented to my friends that Le Virtù now seems to be trying to make 'rustic' and 'authentic' into haut cuisine, like Vetri or Babbo before them.  If the prices weren't higher, they seemed so, and the portions seemed smaller.  But even if those impressions are false, to the ambition of "elevating" rustic eating I say real rustic and genuinely authentic is an innate quality, and no amount of traveling to Italy to find new recipes can make up for native genius.  The good news it that there are such innately-informed genius chefs in our area - Franca DiRenzo at Tre Scalini and Franco Lombardo at Sapori to name two - and that the food at Le Virtù is still worthy of the praise it universally receives, it's just that its 'authenticity' is now only a very good replication.The first taste of scrippelle soup overwhelmed me with great emotion. 
You see, six years ago, my mother passed away. As you might imagine, it was quite possibly the darkest time in my life. To boot, my Nonna also moved back to Abruzzo. She lived with us and helped to raise me. I felt like I lost two parents in the same year.
For the purpose of this review, I will simply state that I'm destined to never again eat as well as I did in my youth -- but please recognize that, in reality, this is among the more trivial of my concerns.
So, here I was, sitting in this adorable trattoria, not far from where I grew up, excited by the promise of the typical fare from days gone by: arosticini, scippelle, arancini, maccheroncini alla chitarra, and so on. Le Virtu did not disappoint on any front.
I thoroughly enjoyed everything I sampled and found it all to be completely authentic, from the complimentary fried dough to the Montepulciano to the chef barking orders in Italian. However, nothing could ever top that initial spoonful of soup and the memories it brought with it.
The scrippelle soup tasted exactly like Nonna used to make. As absurd as it may sound to you, it was a connection to my Abruzzese family and, in that one fleeting instant, everything felt like it was back to normal again.My husband and I had dinner here for a date night this past Sunday night. It was so warm that we were able to sit out on the patio, and the experience was absolutely perfect. We loved the atmosphere, the attentive service, and the delicious selection of Italian classics. We had a the pasta with rabbit ragu and a lamb dish. Both were fantastic. To make the experience even more perfect, there was beautiful live jazz music drifting over from a cafe across the street -- we almost felt like we were somewhere other than the USA. We had a lovely experience and will certainly return.We would come to Le Virtu more often if it were not so difficult to park in the neighborhood. Pasta lovingly prepared to showcase all of the freshest and most beautiful elements it accompanies. A very well rounded and unique wine cellar completes your experience.Amazing atmosphere in the outside courtyard. The menu had incredibly interesting pasta creations that I've nene seen before, including a dish that is one 4.5-foot-long noodle!  Service was attentive and professional. #RSDproudFood was Medicare at best, and the worst part is the owner, who made our 84 year old grandfather sit outside in 54 degree weather, stating there were no tables inside. 
P.S. there was a table inside for the entire time that could have accommodated our party!! 
Shame on you guys!!!With so many 4 and 5 star reviews, this one likely won't impact your decision to visit. Nonetheless, Le Virtu is an outstanding restaurant and one of the better meals I've had in the city.
The ambience is fancy-casual - you probably shouldn't wear a t-shirt, but its okay to "LOL" in the literal sense. 
Our waiter was a bit on the odd side to be honest. When we asked a description of the chicken, he vaguely describes it as "Skin on chicken, cooked very rustically and simply - nothing special." TBH, the mystery surrounding this dish compelled us to order. Needless to say, of all the entrees, it was, nothing special.
The single strand and handkerchief pastas (50% of the pics you see) were fantastic. Cutting up dried peppers into your pasta was a huge win. The lamb ragu starter was delicious as well. Our desserts were totally unnecessary but really well done. It was a meal so good I had to debrief with myself on the ride home just to take it all in.
Part of the reason I can't give 5 stars is their lifeless beer list. There is no meal that can't be paired with a delicious beer. Italian food goes hand in hand with wine, I get it, but please, beer.Pros: food is seasoned well, pasta is perfectly cooked and dressed, less common Abruzzese flavors are interesting and delicious, lots of attractive menu options.
Cons: a little overpriced, stuffy service/ atmosphere (dictated by some of the clientele).
Overall: solid food, good wine, great location. Can't go wrong here. Pasta mugnaia and scripelle are great! Hint: if you get the scripelle, you're full from that point forward.Love this place. Wonderful service, great food, great ambience. Couldn't ask for more! I highly recommend all their dessert lol...Soooooo good! It was authentic and absolutely delightful.
Went here last night for dinner with the fams since it a nice place to just sit outside and enjoy a meal.
Started with the La N' duja - it was this spicy salami spread thing that you ate with toast. I dont know how else to describe it, I just know that i loved it. If you like salami then im sure you'll like this too. We also had the Polipetti bruschetta which had the most delicious sauce ever. I had to ask for the extra bread basket just so i could continue dipping!
For my entree, I ordered the Hankerchief pasta w/ braised duck and beef ragu. It was delicious!!!!!!!
And finally for dessert, we had the Budino and the flan. The budino reminded me of a bread pudding and the flan... I actually dont know how to describe this either. Chocolately cold thing? Anyways, both were quite tasty. 
I'd recommend everyone go here cause I'll be back!I lived in Northern Italy last year, but I don't remember ever having a pasta dish as good as Le Virtu's agnolotti alla porchetta. The layers of flavor, savory and just a little sweet, were awesome.
We ordered a range of other antipasti, primi, secondi, and dessert plates. Overall, it was all very good -- the N'duja appetizer (kind of like pate or charcuterie, but with more spice) and the orata (second-course fish, skinned table-side) were standouts. The crepes in broth appetizer and the panna cotta were less successful (the pears with panna cotta were flavorful, but the panna cotta texture was a bit off). 
Service, including the waitress and hostess, were solid. It's a nice restaurant with more of a classic/classy vibe, but the fact that it's in the cool East Passyunk neighborhood keeps it from feeling too stuffy.A massive plus is the outdoor dining area. It's so pretty, enclosed (as in not on the street) and warm! The staff were wonderful and all three of us who ate here and who ate three courses each were more than happy. It's overpriced there's no two ways about that but I'd still return.What praise can I offer that has not already been said?  None.
Beyond the fabulous food, what draws me back on a regular basis is the dog-friendly seating on the veranda.  It's so wonderful to be able to dine with my dog and not have to worry about is getting in the way on the sidewalk.
Get the stuffed olives.We would not have ever found Le Virtu if it hadn't been for a Groupon. It is an out of the way place for us, but the Groupon combined with the restaurant's reviews convinced us to try it.
We started with some lovely prosecco, and we ordered a mid-range Montepulciano, which was delicious, to go with our dinner.
My Hub and I split four dishes plus two desserts:
We began with an excellent radicchio/heirloom apple/gorgonzola/walnut salad dressed perfectly with a walnut vinaigrette. The radicchio was shredded slaw-style, which provided more crunch and captured just the right amount of dressing.
We had it as an appetizer with a dish of baked polenta - light, creamy, baked to perfection with a gently browned crust, scattered with crispy guaciale, topped with grated pecorino, and drizzled with a sublime olive oil.
For one of the main course we ordered the Smoked Potato Gnocchi, exquisite in its texture and flavor, and blanketed with the most amazing sauce I have ever eaten - a ragu made with ground lamb and tomatoes, accented with pecorino. The flavors were nuanced in a generous way, and so perfectly balanced. Next time I will order that dish for myself with no sharing.
The other main course was Chicken 'housewife style," which consisted of meltingly tender chicken, fingerling potatoes, red onions and carrots stewed in a sauce redolent of garlic, rich in chicken flavor, and quite succulent.
The desserts we ordered were the fried gnocchi with lemon curd and chocolate ravioli. The gnocchi were reminiscent of pate a choux, having just the right amount of resistance when you bit into them and a pleasingly soft center. The lemon curd was thick and creamy with the perfect amount of lemon flavor.
The ravioli were very good, but the chocolate sauce that accompanied them was very spicy, which my husband cannot eat, and we wish we would have been warned about that. We had ordered a side of hazelnut gelato (creamy and superb) and it tempered the heat of the sauce.
Coffee was full-flavored and arrived hot.
We were so taken with this restaurant that we were deciding who we could invite to have dinner with us there again.atmosphere, service and food were all good, nothing too memorable except the amazingly fresh bruschettta which was perfection.Sat at the bar with Tree-tree because the Phils game had a rain delay. When the game finally started, I stayed at the bar because the food was amazing and Tree-tree was awesome!Listen, Le Virtu? ...awesome. Per my usual, I've been here several times before reviewing. I've eaten many of the items on the menu, which I can't remember the names of, and they were all excellent. I've never left a speck of food on my plate and always wobbled home wishing I had more control over my taste buds. They're "house" red? Montepulciano! If you've never had it, you should try it. Yes, it's $10 a glass, but I can't help myself and I always have two. You would think my friends and I would learn and buy a bottle, but we never do. There's always next time, in fact, I can't wait to sit outside any day now. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation, they're busy almost every night.I just.. I can't.. I will not go over all of the amazing dishes I have had here. There is not enough space to describe the emotional connection I have with Abruzzese food. I go to Abruzzo almost every summer and spend a good portion of that time eating local food, most of which is prepared by my relatives, my nonna, in particular.
Basically, the quality & authenticity of Le Virtu brings tears to my family's eyes each time we come for dinner. My dad was born and raised in Abruzzo, so he, as well as my family, are thankful for Le Virtu for many reasons.Excellent authentic fare. Hearty, a tad rustic in the best sense of the word. Had Burratta appetizer that was great followed by roasted rabbit. Superb! Definitely want to come back and try more!Excellent pastas, meats, and service. Very good beer selection and a decent wine selection. Better than the majority of South Philly Italian places, although they do it very differently here- it's not a red sauce Italian joint by any means. And while I have love for those too, Le Virtu fits in better with the changes going on along the Avenue.We wanted to take my dad out for a nice dinner to celebrate his 60th birthday, and my grandmother highly recommended Le Virtu so we decided to take him there.  For those who don't want to read the whole long review, I'll just summarize by saying the food was really good, but the service was absolutely horrible; one of the worst I have ever experienced.
We made our reservation for 8 people + 1 toddler for 5 pm, purposely making a very early reservation to try to minimize the time it would take to accommodate a large party considering we had our 13 month old with us.  When we got there the table was set up for 8 people, but did not include a chair for my daughter which I specifically requested when I made the reservation b/c we always bring our own booster seat for her. Since it was so early there was pretty much nobody in the restaurant when we got there and it didn't start to fill up until about an hour into the meal.
I understand that we were a large group who ordered appetizers and entrees, but since we were pretty much the only people in the restaurant when we got there I think it took WAY too long to get our food.  We ended up being there over 2 hours, and that was with bringing our own dessert since my dad is diabetic and I had gotten a sugar free cheesecake for him.  
I ordered pasta for my daughter and specifically asked that they bring a pasta that would be easy for her to pick up and eat with her hands like macaroni or penne.  The waiter said no problem, he would bring her a kids pasta which sounded perfect to me.  Well, after waiting about an hour and 15 minutes to get our entrees, my daughter was STARVING and extremely antsy, wanting to run around the restaurant.  Since it wasn't too busy I walked around with her trying to keep her busy during our overly long wait... Well, I was rudely told by the manager to keep her at our table, which I tried to do despite the ridiculous wait.  When our food FINALLY arrived, they had forgotten my daughter's food!!!  Then, instead of telling me they forgot it, they told me it would be right out and I watched the waiter walk up to the chef and have him get started on her food.  In the meantime I cut my pasta into small pieces and fed it to her by hand since it was the ribbon pasta that isn't easy to pick up.  When they finally brought her food out about 10 minutes later, not only was it steaming hot which isn't appropriate for a 13 month old, but it was spaghetti which is NOT easy to pick up!  I was so angry at that point that I refused to take it and just shared my pasta with my daughter.  The waiter didn't even apologize when I pointed out that she couldn't pick it up and I specifically asked for a pasta that was easy to pick up, all he said was that was all they had.  If he had told me that to start with, it would have been a different story, but since he told me he'd bring her something easy to pick up that's what I expected.  
Then, when it was time for dessert this idiot waiter brought out dessert menus even though I had brought a sugar free cake, and then gave me an attitude when I reminded him that I brought my own dessert.  Since they charged me $2/person for the cake, I expected them to put the slices onto plates (it was pre-sliced) and bring them out for everyone, with a candle in my dad's slice.  Instead, they brought out the whole cake on a plate, dropped it in front of my dad with the candle, and then my dad had to serve the cake to everyone!  
Considering we spent about $400 on dinner (entrees & appetizers for 8 and + 2 bottles of wine and a couple beers + tip) I expected a much nicer experience and much less attitude.  I don't care how good the food is, there are plenty of places downtown I can go to get great food that has much better service with a much better attitude.  I would definitely NOT recommend coming here.Meal was awesome. Great service. Having a decent selection of Grappa to choose from sealed the deal for me. Cheers.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly when I'm in the mood for a classy meal or a special occasion. The food is not what you'd think of as standard Italian fare since it's from a specific region in Italy, and that's not a bad thing. Quite the contrary! I've tried most of the dishes on the menu (which has regular changes) and everything the kitchen puts out is amazing. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly, and they know the menu front to back. There's also an outdoor patio area that's not on the sidewalk and if the weather is nice you won't find a better outdoor dining experience in South Philly. As an added bonus, if you catch happy hour at the bar you'll find great drink specials and half price appetizers which is an absolute steal.
Le Virtu is a bright shining spot in a city overloaded with great restaurants and I cannot recommend it highly enough. Well worth an evening to check it out!Some of the best pasta in Philly?  This place needs a little work on some of the basic cooking NO-NOs.  I came here with my Dad for some nice father-daughter time.  We had heard all about the recent praise Le Virtu was receiving and our curiosity was piqued.
My meal started out with quite fantastic apps of N'juda, their spicy, spreadable salame with rustic bread.  It was fab! A little unexpected served cold and in a cool little jar, but tasty with the right amount of spicy nonetheless. My Dad got their special beet salad served with gorgonzola which was quite nice as well.
Then came the problems:
I can find no excuse for when a dish is over salted.  It's such an easily avoidable mistake!  I ordered the Maccheroni alla mugnaia.  I was expecting a simple yet delicious presentation and I was sadly disappointed.  The long strand of hand-pulled pasta was interesting enough, but was slightly doughier than expected.  It was severely lacking garlic which I found surprising because hey, the more garlic the better I usually find.  However the most unpalatable aspect of the dish was the intense saltiness.  I tried to overlook it, but it was way way too much.  Such a tragedy.
My dad's pasta dish was better yet still missing key things.  He ordered the Agnolotti alla porchetta which contains porchetta, sage, butter, black truffle, and crumbles of amaretti (yes the cookies).  Couldn't taste the sage, the cookie crumbles came off as odd and there was no black truffle flavor to be found! We could not even smell the truffles and everyone who has ever had truffles in a dish before knows that uber-distinct smell.
The dessert and coffee were excellent: a baked crostata with apples and a rosemary-honey goat milk gelato was presented perfectly.
Service was very attentive and satisfactory.
Overall I was sadly let down with regards to their pasta dishes.  However, the outside area on the side of the restaurant looks interesting enough to possibly warrant a return visit during the summer!I visited Le Virtu for the first time last night. The food was great and the service was decent. The meal got off to a poor start though. After we ordered, a basket of bread was brought to our table with a plate of oil. Nothing added - just a plate of yellow, flavorless oil. For the appetizer we got the "warm bruschetta of braised baby octopus in tomato". The bruschetta was actually just soggy bread - but the rest of it was fantastic. For the main course I got the Paccheri con ragu di manzo e piselli primavera (Cav. Giuseppe Cocco large tube pasta, braised beef and tomato ragu, spring peas). It was amazing and I would absolutely get this again... but maybe without peas if that's an option (personal taste). I'll be back here soon though because Groupon had a $25 for $50 gift card offer which I recently took advantage of.When they first opened, I was a regular, I loved it. The food was very good, and the staff was friendly and pleasant. Then I had an unpleasant experience with the manager. Okay, that can happen anywhere, once in a while. I went back,  and had a similar experience. I had liked it so much, I gave it another try, and it was worse. The manager was unfriendly and unpleasant, which did not make for a pleasant experience. 
The food is still good, but the attitude is inexcusable. Since the manager is family it's unlikely they will make a change, which is unfortunate. Several other reviews reflect similar experiences, I hope you do something about it, I'd love to be a regular again!
I won't be back unless it changes.Dinner here was fantastic.  Soooooooo fantastic.  We started at the bar with a bottle of wine and a plate of the house salamis and cured vegetables along with some fried olives stuffed with porchetta.  Well, my wife and I generally love one another's company but this combination actually made us better because we enjoyed sharing so much.  So, in fact, Le Virtu actually improved my marriage while sitting at the bar.  The Nero d'Avola was a perfect combination for the rustic appetizers.  That was only a warm up for dinner.  
We decided on pasta and made our way to a table for that.  While the restaurant was crowded, there was no din and we could easily continue our conversations.  Her pasta was among the top 2 things she's ever eaten.  Handkerchief noodles in a ragu of braised duck.  Nothing short of fabulous.  My parpardelle with a rabbit ragu was also wonderful.  We decided on a semifreddo for dessert and that too was out of this world.  
It's so nice to go to a place that serves such honest food that makes you feel warm all over eating it.  They are true to the Abruzze table and their consistent flavors are wonderful without being overpowering.  This is the essence of Italian cooking, warm savory flavors that accent beautiful ingredients in a way that makes your mouth water for the next bite.  Simple...and all served in a small, close, comfortable setting.  Relax and let these fantastic people make you dinner some night.  You'll not regret it and it might even improve your relationship.So my incredibly awesome and amazing boyfriend took meout here for dinner last night for our 2 year anniversary!  I'd give the overall experience 3.5-3.75 stars...
He made a reservation for 8:30, and was told that they didn't have anything available later.  He really wanted to take me here though.  We were on a tour (Grim Philly Waling Tour- Sex, Vampires and Debauchery)  that started at 7p and was set to end at 8:30p, so we had to leave a bit early to get to the restaurant on time.  We got there and there were about 35 open tables.  I was a bit bummed that we missed the end of our tour when they clearly could have taken us at 8:40p just fine... but that was behind us now.
We were seated on our romantic evening at 8:30pm next to a table with 2 children that were singing "ba ba blacksheep" over and over and over.  Not being a child-person by nature, I did my best to ignore them, but it sure was tough.  Especially with so many open tables available?  They were on desert though.  They'd be out of there soon.
Beer.  Yes, beer shall help!  I ordered the Yards Thomas Jefferson, and my boyfriend ordered an Ommagang that was on tap.  Our waiter brought me a Yards Love Stoudt, and apparently the Ommagang was kicked.  I sent back my beer in favor of my original selection, and he chose another option.  While the bar tender corrected our draughts, we ordered.
I started out with the Palott cac' e ove (Braised egg and cheese croquettes in tomato sauce) and my boyfriend ordered the Suppli al telefono (Fried rice balls, saffron, meat ragù, mozzarella).  For entree's, I ordered the Maccheroni alla mugnaia (Hand-pulled, single-strand pasta, garlic, extra-virgin olive oil, hot pepper, pecorino), and my boyfriend ordered the Gnocchi al pastore scannese ("Shepherd style" flour gnocchi, smoked lamb sausage, organic fresh sheep's-milk ricotta).
The brought out the bread- 2 kinds- a italian crusty white bread, and a smaller foccocia , along with some olive oil.  I had the foccocia and was really impressed.  The olive oil was really high quality too.  Delish.
By this time, our beers came out.  I took a big sip, and they weren't quite cold... but it was what I ordered, so I was happy, and drank. 
Our appetisers came out, and looked delicious.  The presentation was great!  The problem was that we couldn't figure out which one was which, and being a vegetarian, I wasn't about to do too much investigating.  I called upon another server since I couldn't locate ours for the time being, and she set us straight-  It turned out that mine was served in a larger cruet- 4 balls with a tomato sauce overtop as discribed.  My boyfriends came out- 3 slightly larger balls, served in a tin jar atop a napkin, without any sauce.  We were expecting sauce with 'meat ragu'.  He said that his were delicious, but really light on meat.  Mine were delicious as well, but incredibly rich.  These were obviously meant to be shared, but this is just one of the many woes of dining with a vegetarian.  
Then came our entrees- my pasta was among the best dishes I've ever tasted.  The noodles were clearly hand-drawn, and thick, and very long.  The sauce wasn't too salty, and was infused with a bit of the oil from the hot peppers.  It was much more filling that I had expected, and i fought the hard fight to finish it.  
My boyfriends gnocchi seemed strange to me.  I guess 'Shepherd style' means tiny gnocchi?  Our waiter told us that his was essentially my noodles cut into little squares?  This seems like a misleading gnocchi to me as my understanding is that true gnocchi is supposed to be potato based.  Regardless of my confusion, he enjoyed it!  He said it wasn't the best he'd ever had, but that it wasn't bad either.
our tummies were full, so we requested a check instead of desert, and called it a night.  Our server couldn't have been more awesome, and our dinner was probably a solid 4 stars.  Just a few small hiccups... but i'd be back here for sure!Food was wonderful and loved sitting on their garden patio on a beautiful night! I highly recommend the lobster bucatini and the arugula salad. Our waiter was an ass. He was not friendly and was not attentive. He also tried to up-sell us telling us that we were not ordering enough food. I told him that we would stick with our current order and that we would order more food if need be. Needless to say we did have enough food. He was no where to by found when it came time to pay the bill so we had to walk in our own check in order to leave. The hostess and the bartender were kind and professional and apologized for the poor service. This could be and should be a five star experience I just couldn't bring myself to do it with the poor service that we received.Had a gift certficate and was super excited to go.  Had an early reservation and they were not ready for guests when we got there.  They didn't seem overly rushed to seat us and finished their 'meeting' while 2 sets of guests waited.  They told us about their specials and the tuna sounded good.  .  They never stated the price and as most of the entrees were in the 20's we didn't question it.  That special was $55 -- almost double the other entrees.  Lesson learned:  always ask the price.  
The server was quite pleasant.  Lobster knuckle pasta was tasty with a bit of a kick.  Pork belly was good as was other pasta dishes.  Portions were on the smaller side but filling and adequate.  Valet parking $8 was good.  Seats in outside dining were very uncomfortable so you weren't going to sit there very long.
Overall it was a-ok but I wouldn't rush back there any time soon.Modern Italian cuisine with creative and delicious dishes. Everything was enjoyable, but the pasta was so fresh and tasty.Run. Do not walk. Lamb with polenta and broccoli rabe to die for. Tuna crude appetizer unbelievable. Service terrific. Best meal in forever.I came to Philadelphia with a open mind, what I left with was a closed mind to all other Italian restaurant. This is the best Italian I've had ever.There really is nothing like going to an authentic Italian spot basically where it all started.Pure perfection Joe Cicala and Massimo are true artisans. From the affettati misti and Trippa in Umido. Braised lamb shoulder and Gnocchi al pastore scannese were to die for, Terre Valse Trebbiano d'Abruzzo and finally Olive oil apple cake, with mascarpone cheese. Wow its only a matter of time for this gem. I have been to some of the finest in Italy and they only come close. Don't miss this spot. You can tell they all love what they do.Nice atmosphere, but the food is lacking flavor.
Everything needed a little more something. 
We were all looking for the salt.!! 
Does not have the depth or flavor of actual authentic Italian cuisine. 
Not like what you get in Italy.. sorry.
Plus the Manager was abrasive to us and fawning over his friends.
Won't be back.  
Go to Paradiso or L'Angolo.  More Flavorful food and much friendlier people.Food was pretty good.  My girlfriend got the roast chicken and it was delicious.  I got the special which was quail with grilled veggies and artichoke puree.  The quail was excellent, but the artichokes and veggies were over salted to the point I didn't eat it.  Salad as the first course was fine, nothing too special.
Service was great though.  The wine we chose was recommended by our waiter and was fantastic.
Sitting outside in the garden area was pretty fun.  We'll probably go back.Great food but horrible service. Our waiter ignored us and then added a bunch of stuff to our bill...we were a bigger party so not sure what the intent was, but we corrected it. Although ambience and food were great, would not return due to the poor service.Went here a few months ago and sat outside. Food was phenomenal...the pasta is just incredible. The atmosphere was beautiful. The service was good but the guy was a bit strange and stiff-not bad, just odd. Will definitely be going back.Our reservation was for 8pm and we waited until about 8:35 to be seated. We sat at the bar to be ignored by the bartender who had no interest in serving us and decided to clean glasses rather that serve our party. We didn't feel as if they cared the reservation was running late. Our sever was nice and the pasta was great. The service was not up to par with a restaurant with such high ratings. I would probably not visit again. The food didn't make up for the bad customer service.We had the pleasure of dining at Le Virtu on Friday night and WOW it was fabulous. Everything sounded delicious, so we ordered and passed the plates, the pastas were cooked to perfection and I had the Grilled Octopus salad and really want more more more.  Our service was great and Kudos to Cathy Lee and her husband this restaurant is one we will keep going back to.After numerous recommendations, I chose Le Virtu to host my graduation day dinner for 12.  The food, ambiance, and waitstaff were all excellent!
For appetizers we ordered the antipasto platter, calamari skewers and mozzarella and asparagus (had some long Italian name that I can't remember).  We were also treated to some fried dough (FREE BREAD!!), some of which was stuffed with mozzarella and sage.
The antipasto had numerous tiny dishes, all displayed artfully on a homey wooden platter.  The prosciutto and porchetta were both divine; lean and well-seasoned.  I had something (I think it was caramelized onions) served in an endive leaf with olive that was just delicious.  These appetizers were a meal by themselves, but we had 12 hungry people to feed so the feast continued.
Porchetta, lamb chops, seafood pasta, lamb and duck ragus, timballo and spicy pasta all got rave reviews from the friends and fam.  My duck ragu was juicy and tender, and, as my cousin put it, the homemade pasta really "stuck to your bones".  By the way, EVERYTHING was made in-house:  the pasta, the bread and the desserts.
I just have to give special attention to two things:  the timballo and the tiramisu.  The timballo was a dish I had never encountered.  It was kind of like lasagna, but instead of layers of pasta it had crepe-like layers filled with tiny meatballs.  The result?  Wonderful lasagna without the heaviness.  Light, airy pasta with meatballs that nearly melt in your mouth.  
The tiramisu was fluffy and light as well.  Nothing like those cake-like-tiramisu-wannabes that I unfortunately so often encounter.  
The ambiance: my boyfriend's step-grandmother said it was like sitting at someone's dining room table.  Very homey: pictures on the wall, decorated plates on display, wood tables and warmly painted walls all made it feel like home.  The waitstaff were very friendly and efficient as well.  A five star experience for my special occasion.I bought a Groupon (yep one of those) months back and had forgotten about it until a week or so ago...timing was perfect though as I had a one year anniversary to celebrate so I made 8:30pm reservations for me and my better half on a Thursday night.
Street parking in the area proved a little challenging so we arrived a few minutes late but were promptly seated.  We were seated in the back room that is somewhat open to the kitchen.  I have a love-hate relationship with this seating - it can be really fun to see the chefs at work, but usually results in more noise.  It worked out well here though as there was lots of activity but I never felt as though it was interrupting conversation or distracting.  It was fun seeing all the different dishes being whisked away to the tables.  The atmosphere was nice with plenty of space so you weren't crammed against the table next to you, but it still felt intimate.
Our waiter nice and helpful, but not overly conversational if you will, which is fine with me.  The first time he came up we hadn't even looked at the menu but he gladly gave us more time and returned a short while later to take our orders.  They have a pretty extensive wine menu.  I love me some red wine, but I'm not very knowledgeable so it looked good to me.  They were out of the first wine I chose so our waiter made several recommendations in my price range and we were soon sipping a delicious red (which I forget the name of now).
After reading all the great reviews, I ordered the Fazzoletti.  Even though I've never ordered anything with duck at a restaurant, the reviews here still made it sound delicious.  My date went back and forth between the gnocchi and ravioli, but the waiter didn't hesitate to recommend the gnocchi so she went with that.
The food was absolutely delicious.  The handkerchief pasta in my meal was light and tasty and the duck ragu in a creamy sauce was also very good.  The lamb shoulder ragu in the gnocchi dish was outstanding  and the smoked gnocchi...mmm.  We had also ordered the cheese and honey appetizer which was very good and the bread basket is soft and fresh.
Dessert selection was good as well.  I was tempted by the cheese selection based on some reviews I had read but had a sweet craving so we ordered the Caggionetti and Semifreddo al torrone di cioccolato.  Both were wonderful but when I return I would probably get the chocolate.
I will definitely be returning here, hopefully in the warmer months because the outdoor patio looks fun!Our first visit to Le Virtu was a charm of a dining experience. Food and wine from the Abbruzese region of Italy. Based on the recommendations from others, we started our dining experience with the succulent octopus appetizer which was the best I've ever tasted. We then enjoyed a delectable sea trout. Our server was attentive and very knowledgeable about each item on the menu and each wine offering. All in all, an enjoyable, taste-filled dining experience. Be prepared to pay for this top-shelf dinner, but one you won't forget.Great knowledgeable service. Food was excellent and drinks were wonderful. Highly recommended!Incredibly fresh and authentic food but Le Virtu takes itself a little too seriously charging hefty prices for really good peasant food from southern Italy.
Service is awkward and ambience is a little cliche.  It almost seems like everything is $10 too high in order to keep out riff raff.  Maybe that's the point.
Really good antipasto and beer at the bar seems like the way to go.  The barkeep who looks like Ron Jeremy is really cool.
UPDATE 4/10/09:  The owner asked that I remove his personal comment to me, which I had previously posted here.  So I did.Went here Easter Sunday with the family. Fresh off reading Craig Leban's review I had HIGH expectations. I wanted to love it but ended up very underwhelmed. It was good, just not great and the prices are on the high side for this neighborhood.
Great open space that felt great when we walked in.  Made reservations earlier and service from very friendly from the reservation to the managers and the waiter.  They had a limited Easter menu but many things sounded good.  Unfortunately dished were a mixed bag. Pastas were very good (but not killer) and our fish dish was barely edible.
They have some reasonably priced wines so this was nice but bill was expensive for what we had.Food B+, Service C- I have eaten here a couple of times and this is based on my most recent meal. The starters were delicious- the prosciutto with peaches, agnolotti, cheeses, bruschetta, etc. were all prepared perfectly. I then had the veal Milanese as my entree and it was just ok - kind of dry and a bit over fried. Dessert took a while to order and be served but that was also good. It was the service that was inconsistent throughout the night. It was not up to the level of the food. Constantly waiting for our server to return to our table. I doubt I will ever return after this last visit.Best food in South Philly! It's not your typical South Philly Italian resturant - the homemade pasta dishes are so good and flavorful.  And for an app, I highly suggest the Breaded fried olives filled with braised porchetta.  My husband and I each order 1 for each of us. The service is great, the bar is great.  Love everything about it.Le Virtù is a highly rated Abbruzzese Italian restaurant on the lower part of East Passyunk Avenue.  Most people know it for its large mural depicting a wedding dance in Central Italy on the building bordering its outdoor dining patio.  But of course in winter, the action is inside and Le Virtù has enough room to accommodate the many people wanting to eat and drink within its walls.  I had a very tasty meal there recently.  It wasn't completely a five-star wow but it was excellent food nicely served.  If I had any one suggestion, I wish portion sizes could be at least a little bit larger.  But that's not going to happen in a restaurant like Le Virtù.  My meal started off with an order of Palott cac' e ove.  The two croquettes were small but tasty.  The pasta course was the well-known handmade Cecamariti al pesto di pistacchi.  The addition of a hot chili oil here gave these "husband blinders"  the right flavor.  I closed with a bowl of Brodetto.  This was very nicely seasoned and had a small variety of seafood.  But couldn't it have had a little more broth on a cold winter's night?After reading reviews my boyfriend and I were excited to dine on a Sat night here.  Needless to say we were highly disappointed.  We went with the recommendations of the handkerchief pasta and the smoked gnocchi.  Starting with the calamari bruschetta and pear salad.  The apps were ok, nothing special.  The pear salad was weak on pear, a few shavings was all with arugala and dressing.  The entrees were the most disappointing.  Both of which were lacking in flavor.  They paled in comparison to the flavors you receive in pasta dishes at restaurants like Modo Mio.  If we hadn't had a group on discount we would have been highly disappointed with the amount we spent on a mediocre meal.  We won't be returning to le virtu.  There are far too many great restaurants in this city to eat at.I was looking for a special place for dinner and Le Virtu fit the bill . The atmosphere was convivial without being loud or feeling crowded and the service was attentive and friendly but not intrusive. We were allowed to finish out meal at leisure, as you should with Italian food. What really matters is the food though and it shined. Appetizers: fried olives and mussels both were flavorful, interesting and wet the pallet perfectly for the coming entrees without being too much. I ordered the fazzoletti in a duck and beef ragu. The fresh pasta was light as a feather and the ragu was so delicate that it worked more like a pesto and perfectly accompanied the very light and thin sheets of pasta that could have been easily overpowered. While my pasta was one of the most delightful things I have ever been served, one bite of the Timballo (and one bite was all I got because it's owner was enamored) brought a tear to my eye. The flavor and texture being something I have not experienced since I was a kid. This instantly transported me back to family holiday meals decades ago prepared expertly by loved ones now gone. My family is Abruzzese and this is the first time Italian out actually tasted like home. The portions were just enough (no secondi piatti needed but no doggie bags either) Dessert was excellent Panna Cotta was perfect but the Pizza Dolce was truly special and unique. This is very simple food, basic ingredients and no fuss,  the expert execution is what makes it special. The flavors, and most importantly the textures were completely on point.  This was a perfect meal accompanied by an excellent bottle of Montepulciano De Abruzzo and finished with a smooth grappa.Stunningly good. The handerchief pasta was succulent, tender, but with some bite.  We had another pasta as well, with a creamy sausagey sauce.  Probably the best and second best pastas I've ever eaten outside of Italy.  Interesting wine list and the waiter was very knowledgeable (and blunt) about the pros and cons of a couple bottles we were considering.This is an update to my past review, from 5 months ago. I have tried at least half of the menu and everything on the menu so far is absolutely 5 star delicious! The service however was lacking and really takes away from the experience. When I walked in I was warmly greeted and when I left I was thanked, so that was nice. Once at the table I felt rushed to order. After that, I didn't see the server until it was time to order dessert. Not to ask how the food was or see if anything was needed. Then you have the busser girl, very obtrusive. This is fine dining, if I have my fork in my hand that means I'm still eating, no need to ask, just wait until you see my fork and knife on the plate together or maybe if there's no food on the plate that will be your cue to ask. Don't let the service deter you, like I said, awesome food, so I would highly recommend this place. Finally had enough room for dessert and it too was awesome!Expertly prepared polenta and the freshly prepared house meats like Sopressata and Prociutto were delicious. The service could've been a touch better but I have a tendency to be impatient when the price I'm paying for a meal is above $$$. Also for me the portions were very small. I enjoy looking at colorful plates but at the end of the day color doesn't fill my stomach or soothe my mood.Perhaps this is the best place I've been. Warm and efficient service. Tasty and very fragrant pastes and desserts. I think I'll be back.Many people have lauded Le Virtu for excellent food, service, atmosphere, etc. Seconding all of that. My favorite thing about this restaurant? Chef Joe Cicala, given a couple of day's notice, will make fresh gluten free pasta for you! For anyone with a gluten allergy, this is a must-experience in Philly. A truly special dinner..Old world hipness
  Lady Mary and I visited Le Virtu this past Friday, after deciding that we both needed a night off from work. We further decided that the evening was, in fact, to be dubbed date night. What better way to play hooky than to grab a bottle of vino and head over to the Passyunk Square? 
   Upon entering, we were promptly seated at a table which had already been set for two. There was no clumsy removing of place settings; they listened when I made a reservation, and were prepared for a deuce. We perused the menu, which is concise without being restricted. More than enough options presented themselves, but beings as though we are only two people, we could choose only so many. 
   To start, we shared the burrata. Not only was the cheese itself outstanding, but the addition of grilled scallion to the dish is genius. A wonderful sweetness (and a charred note) is brought to the plate with the addition of the green onion. Having a hot &  cold element on the plate is another note worth mentioning. The dish winds up being not only tremendously composed, but also very light. Top marks for the appetizer. 
   Pasta to follow. We heard the words lobster and saffron said to us as the specials were being expertly explained to us. It wasn't a hard sell. The reader will forgive the fact that I'm less that 100% sure about the type of pasta that was served.  Casarecce jumps to mind, but that could need correcting. Regardless, the dish was flawless. The pasta was very obviously made in house. Chef Joe didn't remove all the wonderful brininess of the lobster by drenching the dish in butter. Another well composed dish, this time with more voices, but all singing in harmony. 
   For our secondi, we ordered the lamb...perfectly mid-rare. The supporting cast on the plate almost stole the spotlight. With the lamb was served a parsnip puree, which was like adding a fine silk to each bite. It managed to add the creamy, unctious taste we all want without using s*#t tons of cream and butter. Small bits of lightly grilled romanesco brought yet another welcomed dimension to the plate. Top marks here as well.
   The standout in the dessert course was the gooseberry crostata with marscapone gelato. I don't have much of a sweet tooth, and am therefor usually reluctant to order dessert. Why would I want to top off an otherwise delicious meal with a plate of sugar? Not so the case here; the gooseberries were wonderfully tart...like pucker up tart. The sweetness was dealt with in such a clever way, that I can honestly say the overall meal was better for the last course. Top marks again.
   Our service was throughly professional. The ambience doesn't try too hard to be chic. Chef Joe is clearly an Artist. Le Virtu is like an extremely well tailored black suit. It was hip 50 years ago, it's hip now, and it's going to be hip next year.  This place is like an oasis of old world goodness in a desert of hipster hangouts and s#*tty south philly pizza joints.  If you don't dig these sentiments, then this place probably isn't for you...go hit stogie joe's and have a bud light. 
   I would have awarded a 6th star if I was able for one small, but important fact: the owners defend their staff, and their cause. Being a business man, I understand the importance of keeping customers happy; but at what expense, and to what ends?  I have read all the reviews (and responses to reviews), and am so pleasantly shocked to find that the owner has the bollux to tell people they might...just possibly...be wrong. I say kudos. This style of cooking has been amazing for 600 years, and hopefully has a half-life of another half millennium, with or without the under-educated, poorly traveled contingent of s. philly. A tip of my hat good sir.Authentic Italian fare that tastes absolutely delicious.  I come here as often as I can and am never disappointed by the food.  I deducted one star because the decor is a little on the spartan side.  I would highly recommend this place if you're looking to have a good meal.After hearing about another chef/pastry chef change this past summer, I was interested to see what was new at Le Virtù. We stopped by for a late dinner on a balmy fall night and even at 8:15pm, the restaurant and outdoor patio area were both bustling.
Onto the food - the quality of the food at Le Virtù remains unchanged, but the flavors are lighter, the ingredients more local, and the presentation for certain dishes is definitely much more contemporary than before. The hand of the new chef was most noticeable in the steak entrée, which featured four slices of steak and a smear of sauce on a long rectangular plate. We thought the portion was small for the price, but the flavors and the texture of the meat were excellent. As always, we loved the pasta -  after agonizing over all the delicious choices, we ordered the taccozzelle with veal ragu and the cavatelli with mushroom ragu.  
The desserts are even better than I remembered. The ricotta cheesecake is surprisingly creamy for ricotta, yet light enough that you can't stop eating it! We also ordered the grilled zucchini cake, a really unique cake with a beautiful smoky undertone.
Service is friendly and prompt, and it's always great to see the restaurant owner and his wife making the rounds (and getting to enjoy the patio later in the evening). Le Virtù still has that old world, neighborhood vibe that sets them apart from the trendier offerings on Passyunk, and their new menu is definitely worth checking out.10/10 Décor
10/10 Drinks
10/10 Food
7/10 Service
Décor: The outdoor terrace with the mural is unbelievably secluded and beautiful. The décor inside feels like a small mom and pop Italian restaurant where class meets comfort.
Drinks: The wine and liquor selection is wonderful; had the best Negroni and a great sangiovese.
Food: oh god, the food rivaled what I had in Italy- we started with the burrata, the lamb sausage, the grilled octopus salad, the hand pulled pasta and the croquettes. The burrata was soft and creamy unlike a standard mozz and the ramps added to the uniqueness of the dish. The lamb sausage featured mint and blueberries which gave a summery spin on a hearty dish. The only qualm I have about the lamb sausage was the presentation. Our waiter set it on the table and everyone looked at each other. I was the first to say it "it looks like a dog turd". But the taste was the exact opposite. The grilled octopus salad was refreshing due to the light dressing that topped the very fresh squid. The hand pulled pasta was served with whole peppers that you cut with scissors; a really interesting touch that amplified a simple dish. Due to the pasta being home made, it was "hand torn" into thick pieces- definitely recommend this dish. The red sauce that the croquettes were nestled in was some of the best red sauce I have had at any restaurant. Full of flavor, the tomatoes paired perfectly with the rest of the dish and made sure it brought out every flavor. I ordered the taccozzelle as my main dish: homemade thick pasta with sausage, mushrooms and black truffles. Anything truffle I love, and this dish executed it perfectly. I was fortunate to taste everyone elses dishes around the table. The other star of the meal was the rabbit ragu pasta: homemade pasta with a red sauce rabbit ragu- a perfect combination of spices. This dish had more flavor than the maccheroni with lamb shoulder: if you are deciding between the two, order the rabbit.
Service: Our waiter had no personality and several times he didn't pay attention to what we had ordered. He sent an appetizer to our table which we did enjoy but weren't sure if we actually ordered it. Nonetheless, it was on the house which was a nice touch. He also put in the wrong order for someone in my party and they had to make his original dish on the fly. (the mess up order was on the house as well- another nice touch). We also believe he sent us the wrong drink, it wasn't the drink I had at the bar, but ordered the exact same thing. It is nice that they did damage control and offered things on the house, but it would have been more convenient to have it correct the first time. 
Overall, an impressive restaurant. I will be back again.OUTSTANDING
I love you back area outside 
Service was spotty. One server excellent - other my table was openly questioning
Food was great - I'll be back to take advantage of their BYO night!I have NEVER had such horrible, DISRESPECTFUL SERVICE. The waiter failed to asked if we wanted refilled on our drinks after it was obvious they were empty. We spent a few hundred dollar on our meal and while we were finishing up the manager came over to us and told us he had an 8 party waiting and basically asked us to get up. We were celebrating a birthday and a card with money went missing. We asked the waiters if they saw the card and they all claimed they had not. A card does NOT just go missing with money in it. I will NEVER go back there. I can't believe the how poor the service was after you pay a fortune for a meal. I would not recommend this place to anyone, regardless of the ratings.I really wanted to like this restaurant more.
The low rating is not for the quality of the food (which was pretty good) but for the bad service.
I am pretty tolerant of poor service - sometimes restaurants are short staffed or people have a bad day - I got it, life happens.  But the problems with service seemed to go way beyond a bad night.
We were brought the wrong wine, the entrees did not come out together (pasta orders came out at once, meat orders came about more than 5 minutes later) and on and on.  It was uncoordinated service with an attitude.
The food was tasty, a few things over-seasoned, but definately not worth the money paid and the terrible service received.Really wonderful food on my third visit. Still my favorite restaurant in the city. Familiar flavors made somehow exotic and savory. 
A beautiful, lively (cheerful but not rowdy) outdoor space when the weather is nice - it was perfect tonight.Very surprised...I've heard so much positive press about this little Passyunk spot.  My dinner was average at best...house cured meats were not impressive, sheeps milk ricotta with honey and almonds...troppo. My boyfriends pasta with meat Ragu was good but salty...my rabbit porchetta was Not to my liking. In fact I took one bite and did not finish the rest. My server never checked to see if our dinner was ok and did not question why my dinner was virtually untouched.  The service was substandard and coupled with a meh meal I will not be back.Very cute place and the food was okay as well. it was a bit pricey for me, but thank God for groupon!Great atmosphere, friendly service, and excellent food.  I had, among other things, a rabbit ravioli that was sublime.  The price is high at Le Virtu, but for such excellent food, in my neighborhood, its worth it.This place is amazing! Between the romantic patio atmosphere, the incredible service, and the food being out of this world I would give this place more than 5 stars if I could. I've dined at a lot of restaurants in Philly and I'm adding this one to my top 5 favorites. I would definitely recommend this place!Food & Service 5 stars. We had the maccheroni alla mugnaia (pronounced: moon-YIE-ah... with the accented syllable YIE pronounced like "lie" which is one hand made pasta that fed the 4 of us with a lamb Raghu.Le Virtu is consistently my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Chef Cicala and his crew deliver meals that are not simply delicious and interesting but are also accompanied by excellent service and care. Whether dining at the bar, in the dining room, or on the beautiful terrace; I find my experience at Le Virtu to be exceptional. 
I've probably enjoyed dinner at Le Virtu a dozen or more times. Our most recent meal found us sharing a burrata appetizer. The cool and creamy cheese was the perfect start to our meal, accompanied by a glass of Glera (on tap). My companion had the pork chop special- the bartender explained that the restaurant had butchered a whole hog and that the pork chop special was sourced from this. My boyfriend was a little bit nervous as he doesn't ordinarily order pork when dining out. Once the dish was served, he declared it to be 'epic'. I don't eat beef, pork, chicken (etc) and didn't have the opportunity to taste his dish. I chose the pasta (bucatini maybe?) with lobster knuckles. Wow- the lobster was so rich and indulgent. The pasta, as always at Le Virtu, had the most perfect toothsome texture. The dish included fresh corn and tomatoes-  it was truly summer in a bowl. Sublime.
I recommend Le Virtu to everyone. I've not once had a morsel of poor quality. I've celebrated many occasions with a meal at Le Virtu- as a matter of fact we have a reservation booked to celebrate a birthday tonight. I hold this restaurant in high regard and reading some of these reviews is really disheartening. Professional restaurant reviewers are obviously tasked with conducting due diligence including building their knowledge of a cuisine or region prior to beginning the process of reviewing a restaurant. Professional reviewers are knowledgeable of ingredients and seasonality. In defense of my favorite restaurant I'd like to say that as a satisfied regular customer, it appears to me that many patrons who later write poor review here simply aren't knowledgeable. Do people expect a red-gravy south philly joint when they book a reservation at a restaurant honoring the Abruzze region?  Do people even bother?
 Given that I've eaten so many high quality meals at Le Virtu, I honestly can't see any other source of the poor reviews. I'm looking forward to another fine meal tonight.I thought the dinner was absolutely delicious.  Almost afraid to say too much since it will become harder to get a reservation!I was very excited to try this close to home restaurant that has received so many positive reviews.  I believe it was in the top 10 of the restaurant 50.  The food was all around good, the environment was comfortable and service was accurate, but everything was just average.  Nothing exceptional and the service was slow, mechanical and very disinterested.  Other staff members appeared to be more friendly.  The pheasant stuffed ravioli and maccheroni were fine, the sausage polenta appetizer was delicious. I expected the interior to be more refined.  Overall, I was surprised by how well it has ranked.Lovely atmosphere, idyllic feeling to eat outside on a balmy night.  However, I could have done without the waiter calling me Hon!  Too pricey for the quality of our dinner, dishes too oily.Le Virtu
A good meal, good wine and good atmosphere...
This is what I wanted when I wanted to go out Sunday night.  We chose Le Virtu in South Philadelphia and it did not disappoint.
The menu was rustic, earthy and very interesting.  That's what I wanted trying a new place.
We started out with:
Affettati Misti and Insalata di polipo
Very tasty all the way around, a great variety on the aged salami's....and the best part while eating our starters was the waiter allowed us to take our time.  We were not rushed or pushed onto our next course. 
My main course:
Gnocchi al pastor scannese
Can you say filling and delish!!!  Take your time and enjoy each and every bite.  They took the time to make it for you, so take your time and enjoy it.
We chose two nice bottles of red wine, with assistance from the waiter.  Both of these fit in nicely with our meals.  
Overall:
I would go back again, actually we are looking forward to it and hopefully when the nice weather comes, we can choose to sit outside.  
To bring up one negative, was when we initially sat down, it did take the waiter an extra amount of time to offer us any beverages other then water.  
If you want to take your time, enjoy a nice meal and not rush...Le Virtu is the place for you.  If not, the local pizza parlor is right around the corner.  Enjoy!!!Dined on a Tuesday night in September. I live in the neighborhood so it was an easy stroll down Passyunk.
Staff seemed a little nervous and twitchy, but knowledgeable, friendly, and professional. Not sure why they seemed so frazzled. Other diners appeared to be well-heeled folks in from the burbs. Overall, a good-looking bunch at this restaurant. 
Sat in the grassy courtyard. Watched the chef come out and pluck a few herbs while we were there. The interior has a Tuscan thing going on. Not overly styled, but well-coordinated.
The food was amazing. Handkerchief pasta with duck, bruschette sampler, and gnocchi were all delicious. I got a little bit chewed on by skeeters but that's probably because I was seated towards the periphery of the yard near a bush.
Can't wait to go here again. It's also wheelchair accessible which is fantastic.Very nice! I can understand why this is Craig La Ban's third favorite restaurant in this city.  The atmosphere is quiet and romantic, which is difficult on Passyunk Avenue.  The service is impeccable.  And the food ....!!!! Amazing.  
Braised egg and cheese croquettes were light as a feather and smothered in lovely tomato sauce.  The homemade pappardelle was probably one of the best pastas I've ever had, and the porcetta was soooo tender!  
Dessert - meh.  Chocolate semifreddo was flaky, too cold, too large, tasteless and just weird. Thankfully our awesome waiter, Andrew, took it off our bill.  The service and delicious food was more than satisfying.We had our anniversary dinner here a few months back and our meal was impeccable.  My grandmother was from Abruzzo, so the food for me was highly nostalgic and authentic.  The restaurant itself was a bit on the noisy side and was not entirely intimate, but we enjoyed each other's company regardless. 
When we found out that Le Virtu had fresh pasta, we knew we needed to try it.  It was flavorful and slightly al dente with a very subtle chewiness to it - I'm still not sure how they pulled that combo off.  It paired seamlessly with some dried hot peppers and olive oil in our one dish and held onto the red sauce well in the other one.  The beets and pine nuts that we started with were really delicious, their salumi was made in-house, and the chicken that we split for our main course was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Our server was highly attentive and made some really good suggestions for us, given my food allergies.  
The things that are coming out of this kitchen are amazing.  Is the secret out about this place yet?  I hope this statement doesn't inadvertently insult the chef at Le Virtu, but I felt like we had Vetri-level food here without the astronomical price tag.  I'm definitely a fan.Love it.  
In truth, this is probably a 4.5 star review, but the atmosphere is for me a 5, the food is a 5 as well, and the service is probably a four.  I've dined there a few times and gone for drinks closer to 1/2 dozen.  We went there for a graduation dinner and the food itself left everyone impressed.
The only knock I have on the service, and it's a relatively minor one, is that they seem to have some trouble filling beer orders correctly.  Nobody on the staff has ever been anything but friendly, and food has always come out prompt and perfectly done, but I've had a few separate occasions where a beer order came out as the wrong brew.
A minor quibble at the most and shouldn't get in the way of a place that, to me, seems like a little gem hidden in S. Phila.
I would consider walking on hot coals for the sage and cheese stuffed bread that they serve at the beginning of each meal.So I went to Le Virtu with 2 friends on Tuesday night......lets just say that Craig LeBain was so off with his 3 bells, they maybe deserved 1.  The service started off great.  The waiter, whose name I can't remember, something foreign, started off with a few wine recommendations.  We ordered a white and a red to start off.  He asked if we just wanted the white to start off with and we said no, please bring both to start.  He poured the white wine and said that he was going to start with the white for the apps and bring the red for the second course, we had ordered 3 courses.  We said that we really wanted it now and it would be great if he could bring it.  He wondered off and walked around doing nothing.  Later he walked by our table and saw that our white wine glasses were empty and realized he STILL forgot the red.  Great job buddy.
The food was OK.  We had the fried olives and polenta with sausage and peppers.  The polenta was cold and the sausage was hard seemed like it was old, not tender or flavorful.  We got 2 pastas for the next course.  A papperdale and a agnolitti-both cold and uneventful.  Third course was fine the black ink pasta with seafood, pear salad and a very DRY durado, with a balsamic on the zucinni that was so sour that we didn't eat it.  The ramp pesto was the only thing that was good on the dish.
Needless to say we were finishing our wine after desert and the servers moved all of the tables around us and made so much noise we felt so uncomfortable that we took our wine glasses to the bar to finish them.  Never a thank you from the server for the $50 tip, or a greeting from the bartender, like maybe a "Hello, how was your dinner?"  We are all 3 in the service industry so we get it and we were not there that long after our meal and the bar was full so we thought that it would be fine.  Well the bartender couldn't jerk our wine glasses away from us fast enough-I think maybe management should have a reevaluation of their staff-3 bells doesn't mean you should float by with crappy service.  I am just sayin..........I will not be back and I will tell all of my restaurant friends to stay clear!The food was amazing. We are planning to go back for the festival of snakes May 1. I had the octopus which was comparable to many I had in Italy. Yum!!! I also had the swordfish and pasta with mushroom. I ate everything on my plate. The portions were a nice size portion and the flavors were on point. See you May 1If you want good food, but you don't care at all about the service, you should come here.  It will suit you perfectly.  
I like good service.  With good service I would have considered shelling out 5 stars (but in all likelihood I would give 4 because this place is a little over-priced).  
The atmosphere is good for groups of friends, double-dates, etc.  Not so much for family or one-on-one.
The Italian meats appetizer was quite delicious, but for $29, i'm not sure it's worth it.  The quantity of food is on the slim side, and the plate would benefit a lot from some cheese accompaniment. 
The fish stew was really nice.   Great flavors and superb balance.  The pork shoulder was very very tasty but it's cannelli bean and broccoli rabe surround was a little boring. 
I tried one of the semifreddo options for dessert, and it might have been my favorite part of the meal.  
Our server was impersonal and seemed rushed.  His helper (for water and clearing the table and such) was awkward, needlessly tenacious, and on top of that seemed to have a HUGE chip on her shoulder.  I'm pretty sure she was talking s#$% about many of the patrons in the restaurant.  
Overall, as many before me have noted..... great food, notably poor service.This review is a couple of weeks overdue, sorry. In my previous review I had noted that the service was not up to what the standard should be. I am changing that to excellent service and as always the food is awesome. I have tried most of the menu, and some of the seasonal items, and have been impressed with all the food I've tried. The service has really stepped up since my last reviews. I would say that the service is now up to par of where it should be. Again, you really cannot go wrong with the food here. Sorry to not get into more specifics, but if you need advice on what to eat here, just pick anything on the menu.Dinner Monday Evening -11Feb2013:
We, had a wonderful dinner at Le Virtu with family Monday evening. We heard of all the mixed reviews (most good to excellent, some not so great), so we decided to check it out for ourselves. To start out, for a Monday the restaurant was full, including the entire bar. While waiting for the other guests, I sat at the bar and ordered a cocktail, an old fashioned. Though the bar did not have rye whiskey, Tree (sp?) the lovely bartender mixed a very nice stiff one made with Maker's Mark, I was content! Once all of us arrived, we were seated at our table (we had a party of 6). The server that evening was very friendly and she was very knowledgeable with the menu and the menu additions. As a table, we ordered a number of appetizers: Suppli al telefono (Fried rice balls, saffron, meat ragù and mozzarella) - lovely warm balls of rice enclosing creamy meat ragù ( 2 orders). Insalata di bietole -Red and yellow baby beets, endive, pine nuts, gorgonzola, red wine vinegar -if you are a fan of beets, I recommend this plate. My absolute favorite antipasto was definitely the Affettati misti which is a selection of Le Virtu's house-cured salumi and assorted antipasti.  For my primi course, I ordered a small portion of Taccozzelle all'aquilana
Taccozzelle, house-made Abruzzese-style sausage, porcini, black truffle, Navelli saffron. Wow, first off, the portion substantial, the pasta was fresh perfectly cooked. The house made sausage and procini with black truffle navelli saffron sauce was absolutely incredible. (you can order a smaller portion of any of the pasta dishes-with exception to the Maccheroni alla mugnaia). For the secondi course I had the Brodetto a flavorful seafood stew, roasted red peppers, tomato broth- very well prepared - again, simple rustic preparation with incredible deep flavor.  Another great recommendation, not on the menu that evening was the shepherd's gnocchi lamb ragu. The texture of the pasta was not like gnocchi I've had before, it was dense with a definite "chew" to it. It was explained that this preparation of gnocchi is made without potatoes, just water and flour. A rustic simple preparation, with the lamb ragu, incredible rich, earthy flavor.  After  a round of cocktails and 5 bottles of wine, a superb dinner and dessert, our entire party had such a wonderful and great experience. We will definitely come back!The food was very good.  I thought the menu was a little confusing, because I was not sure what the portion sizes would be.  A bit pricey, not sure if I'll be back soon because for the price point I'm not sure if it's worth it.went on the recommendation from a friend who lives in Philly and got me so excited to try the single strand pasta dish! I found myself in philly and made this my first stop with friends. on point and courteous staff helped makes our dining experience amazing. kale salad, fried risotto balls and scallops with cauliflower purée  and single strand pasta was just the welcome wagon to Philly that we wanted!the only downside was the children's craft scissors used to cut the peppers to add to our meal but what a great addition to the new just the right amount of spice! bravo! I will definitely be back!Such a disappointing experience at Le Virtu tonight.  Our delicious meal was spoiled when we were asked to leave our table shortly after our dessert was cleared.  I am very aware of "lingering" when others are waiting for tables and that is not what happened here.  This was just embarrassingly bad service at what I had previously thought was a very good restaurant.  
My party of three arrived on time for our 6:30 reservation.  We ordered and ate three appetizers, three entrees, and two desserts.  We shared two bottles of wine.  Eating a meal that large takes time.  Eating a meal that large is also expensive, and at least part of what we were paying for was space at a (two person, actually) table.  Our waiter asked us to leave less than ten minutes after our dessert was cleared-- I literally put down my fork, went to the restroom for a tissue, and when I got back to the table he was there saying, "I hate to be a jerk, but I need this table.  You can finish your drink at the bar if you want."  We had been there 2 hours and 15 minutes, which I don't think is an inappropriate amount of time for a meal with three courses made to order.  This was Le Virtu, not Olive Garden.  Quality meals take time.  
We complained to the manager (owner? not sure) as we left.  Rather than apologizing, she told us, "There was someone with a reservation waiting at the bar for almost a half an hour and this has happened to them before!"  Regardless of how the food tasted-- which at this point seems totally irrelevant to me-- the whole experience left me with a bad taste it my mouth.  Le Virtu has long been a neighborhood favorite of mine; I've recommended it many times to friends and neighbors.  Unfortunately, I don't know that I'd feel comfortable going back now.The food was fantastic! I loved everything that I ordered, but I couldn't tell you what their official Italian names were, sorry (take a look at the photos). I had the octopus, a pasta dish and the rabbit. Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned. My husband ordered the seafood chowder - IF I'd had a strainer, I would have strained the stock into a glass and sucked it down through a straw - it was that flavorful. Thank God for the waiter! He was helpful in making recommendations and answering questions. I felt out of my element when I saw all of the Italian words on the menu, but our server patiently walked me through it. My only regret was not leaving any room for dessert.  next time! 
We sat outside and there was a muted Italian film, "Meléna" with subtitles projected on the wall next to where we were sitting. It was pretty cool, but I closed my eyes during the sex-scenes & nudity because I felt uncomfortable.Food was Mediocre at best, and worst part is the owner, who made our 84 year old grandfather sit outside in 54 degree weather, stating there were no tables inside. 
P.S. there was a table inside for the entire time that could have accommodated our party!! 
Shame on you guys!!!Very deserving of my first 5 star review. We've had our company Holiday parties there for the past few years and I've never had a second of bad service, a sip of bad drink or a bit of bad food. I want to go there more often, if I only I could afford it!This place was on our list for a while! Beautiful evening outside with delicious food and great service. We had the octopus and carpaccio to start,  then two pastas and this amazing crab dish. Highly recommend this passyunk gem . Will be back for sure !Nice restaurant. Small but what you would expect in a top notch South Philly restaurant. Food was great. The pasta with rabbit reminded me of my visit to Ischia, Italy where I have family. A must go if your are looking for a taste of authentic Southern Italian food.I liked this place.  I can't say that there is anything particularly unique to this place, compared to many other great Italian restaurants in the city, but its good.  The place is understated but clean and welcoming.  The staff was very nice.  I really look forward to going back in the summer and checking out their amazing outdoor space.  The appetizers were definitely the best part.  We got the beet salad with pine nuts and gorgonzola.  Probably the best beet salad I have ever had.  Ridiculous.  We also got the braising egg and cheese croquettes which were good but nothing special.  Our pastas were rich and the portion sizes were appropriate (not too big).  We got the Maccheroni alla mugnaia and the Taccozzelle all'aquilana (minus the sausage).  East Passyunk area is truly an amazing area of philly and this place fits right in.Part 2 of my review:
Joe was kind enough to spend 10 minutes chatting with us, and we were excited to hear more about his upcoming 2nd restaurant, Brigantessa (named after female Italian guerrilla fighters from the 1800s), located further down EPx in the former Karina's space, and partnered with the owners of Le Virtù, Francis and Cathy. He also generously comp'ed us on their cheese plate, which we greatly enjoyed:
~FORMAGGI: A selection of Marcelli family cheeses from Abruzzo's award-winning Porta die Parchi and Valle Scannese farms, and honey--I particularly like the aged Pecorino dipped in honey.
We had several desserts, but I was getting a little stuffed and only tasted:
~TORTINO DI NOCCIOLA E CIOCCOLATA: Toasted hazelnut cake, Gianduju mousse, chocolate ganache--Loved the hazel-nutty flavor of this beautiful dish, created by Joe's wife and Pastry Chef Angela Ranalli.
Wines (Tuesday is free BYOB night at Le Virtu):
~NV (2000) Tarlant Champagne La Vigne d Antan Blanc de Blancs Extra Brut--So sue me for bringing a French wine to an Italian restaurant, but this was the wine of the evening. "The Vines of Yesteryear" is one of only 2 Champagnes that are still made from ungrafted vines, in this case pre-phyloxera vines planted in 1880.
~2011 Monastero Suore Cistercensi Coenobium Lazio IGT--An orange wine made by nuns!
~1990 Antinori Tignanello Toscana IGT--A notable year for one of the original Super Tuscans.
~1996 Bodegas Bretón Rioja Loriñon Gran Reserva
In addition to wondering why I don't dine at LV more often, I also have to wonder why I have never dined in their wonderful remodeled patio, featuring that stunning Abruzzi wedding mural (which I actually have a pastel painting of by Pottstown artist Christine Lomnychuk hanging in my living room). Well, warm weather is not too far off (knock on wood)...
Street metered parking on EPx is generally quite easy for an early reservation, say before 7PM (there is also a lot on the left half-way down, but I never have much luck with that). However, the meters only take 3 hours of quarters ($0.25/30min; free after 10PM), so if you are like me and like to linger over your wine, you might need to feed the meter (don't forget, since the meter maid likes to walk around right before 10). Conveniently, one of two EPx valet stands is right in front of the restaurant (Fri & Sat only).
[Oh, and regarding the subsequent underground Wine Week party, it was quite the event... Hosted by Megan Storm (ex-Sbraga/a.Kitchen) and Waldemar Stryjewski (ex-a.Kitchen/Le Cheri, who has an exciting new project you will soon be hearing about), it was held in a private garage that seemed to be home of Philly's "scooter mafia", and which could only be found by following the sounds of the DJ. While episodes of the British comedy "Chef!" played on the wall, everyone enjoyed byob'ed wine (ranging from undrinkable Beringer White Zin to uber-trendy '07 Scholium Project The Sylphs) and a wheel of Comté cheese with crusty bread. Hopefully everyone actually made it home alright!]We decided to splurge here for a birthday treat instead of picking a BYO. We left this place very underwhelmed for the money we spent, and actually discussing where to go the following week for a make-up birthday dinner. We only finished only 1 of our 5 dishes. The cocktails and the (waiter recommended) red and white wines were all very good, but we came for the food. We skipped espresso and dessert, which we wanted, based on the experience with rest of the meal.
Service was adequate, tho a little stiff and awkward. We were served 3 courses but the the waiter did not come ask us how it was during any of them, he had maybe 3 other tables.
We got a special app, mushrooms (tasty & really rich sauce, warm) and blueberries (mushy, hot) over buffalo ricotta salata (light, semi-warm). I thought it sounded strange, but we decided to trust the chef. The entire time I ate it I just couldn't figure out why these 3 things were on a plate together. It was 3 completely different non-complimentary temperatures, textures and flavors.
For pasta we got rabbit ragu with pinched noodles. The ragu was pretty good, I usually get this dish when I see it. I'd probably go elsewhere next time I was craving it, though, some of the meat was not as tender as it should be. Biggest problem was the noodles, there's al dente and there's under-cooked & hard. In this dish we got BOTH somehow, so it was not very pleasant to eat. We also got the razor clam spaghetti special which was pretty bland, my roommate was making shrimp and clam pasta when I left the house which smelled great in comparison, this dish had me wishing I had just eaten some of his.
For mains we got the porchetta and the lamb chops. The porchetta said it was pork belly but aside from the crispy cracklin skin, there wasn't much fat or flavor and the roast inside was way too dry. The rabes on top had no flavor, as in none. No bitter, no salt, no pepper, no garlic. Mushy and tasteless. We barely touched this dish (for $31). The waiter made no comment when he picked up the mostly full plate or when we told him it was really dry. Finally, the one high note, the lamb. This dish was really tasty, the lamb was a proper medium rare, had a nice char, all the stuff on top went well together and the cauliflower, romanesco and whatever kind of puree on the plate was really, really delicious. Finally a winner.
This place has been on my list for a while, and I really wanted to like it, especially with that great looking outdoor seating. It just fell short in a lot of different ways. I might think about giving this place another shot, but mostly for the patio, and definitely not for a full 3 course meal.Le Virtù has changed chefs and consequently, signature dishes, over the years, but their commitment to excellent Italian food remains unchanged. It serves up one of the best (if not the best) Italian cuisine in town.
For antipasti, we ordered the fried risotto and braised egg and cheese croquettes. They turned out to be quite similar - both fried balls - and quite heavy. The fried risotto was tasty, though I wish the wild boar ragù flavor had been more prominent. The cheese croquettes tasted like balls of fried parmesan, which our party did not enjoy (but if you love parmesan, the croquettes are an excellent choice).
Our pasta dishes and secondi were outstanding - we ordered the taccozzelle with housemade sausage and a pasta special, sagne with mussels in a spicy saffron sauce. Again, both were quite rich, but so addictively full of flavor, we couldn't stop eating. We also had the porchetta and brodetto casalese (seafood stew). The stew turned out to be the lightest item we ordered, but still had a full-bodied flavor as the seafood and tomato sauce melded together perfectly. (The shrimps were quite mushy and did not have the heads on as advertised, which was a little disappointing, but the monkfish was perfectly cooked.) The porchetta had a winning combination of crackly skin and fall-apart tender pork belly, served atop a rich chickpea stew.
Le Virtù also has an excellent selection of Italian desserts. I ordered the bread pudding, which was delicious but a little pricey at $11. The caramelized pear-olive oil cake elevated the classic Italian dolci with the addition of the pear and saffron-whipped mascarpone.
Our server, Gabe, was friendly and attentive, answering all our questions and occasionally checking in on us. When we first arrived, the restaurant was still quite empty and our food came out at a good pace. However, as the restaurant filled up, it became clear that the restaurant was understaffed - we saw only two servers (and one busboy) handling the entire restaurant. At one point, the maître d jumped in and took our order for desserts, wires got crossed, and we ended up with two bread puddings (not that I'm complaining).
For excellent Italian food, Le Virtù is the best game in town. Their dishes do run on the heavier side and are very filling, so definitely come hungry.Service and atmosphere are excellent but I felt the food was very salty. I'll try again another day.Very impressed with everything.   Would go back.  
Word of warning:  Menu is non-traditional ( rabbit, boar, etc).   My teenage daughter struggled to find something she wanted; they made her gnocchi with tomato sauce.First time eating cuisine from Abruzzo and the food was good but not great.  I would return and give this place another shot. Our server was quite patient even though we were extremely indecisive and slow. My favorite dish was the salumi platter.  More like 3.5 stars.Pretty good food. I got the one thats one really long strand of pasta and the burrata as an app. Both good, not amazballs but good food at a fair price.We like the food at Le Virtu.  It's a bit pricey, but the food is good.  (Just came back from Italy, where the pasta was excellent and only ~$10/dish, so Le Virtu seems a bit on the expensive end for what you get.)  This is a mid-to-high-end pasta restaurant.  Eat in the garden if you can.i wanted to take my parents to an authentic itallian restaraunt that wasn't 30 dollars a plate and decided from reviews that le vitru was my best bet. it was! the food is divine and very authentic and the space is so comforting and rustic.  my mom and i got the handkerchief pasta with duck and beef ragu and while it didn't seem like it had beef to me, i can't even complain because it was just so delicious. would be a perfect place for a date.I was not particularly impressed with this place. We went on a cold night, ordered some red wine and a lot of food, 7 dishes between the two of us. The service was fine, the place was warm and comfortable, and the wine was decent. 
The problem was the food, most of which I did not care for. One of the salads tasted a little gritty, like the lettuce hadn't been washed. The pasta was not good. One was over-done, the other was under-done and we didn't finish either of them. As for the entrees, the pork belly was ok, just a little too intense for me. The best thing I had was a cut of steak that I believe was an addition to the menu that night. It was roasted quite perfectly and paired well with a nice cauliflower puree. It was the last thing I had, I was full at that point and so I left quite satisfied.
Still, looking back on the entire meal we had I cannot quite recommend this place and I do not plan on returning.For appetizers, we ordered N'duja (spread of Calabrese salame), salad with octopus, and fried rice balls.  N'duja was spicy and flavorful and the octopus salad had a delicious dressing.  The fried rice balls were just ok.  I ordered the Taccozzelle all'aquilana.  Just average, in my opinion.  The sauce was too salty and my friend thought it tasted too much of saffron.  My friend and I also shared Orata - whole fish.  Cooked perfectly with a delicious sauce.   If it weren't for the saltiness of the pasta dish, I think the meal would have been perfect.I arrived 15 minutes after the rest of my party, I introduced myself to four employees, letting them know that I was a late arrival to my party and that I would be ready to order in a few minutes.  They came over to take my order, to ask me what I wanted, so I said "You never brought me a menu"  The server finally brings a food menu and walks away.  Meanwhile, there is only one slice of bread and a few drops of olive oil on a plate.  The server comes back and wants to know what I want to drink, I said. "you never brought me the wine list"....he finally brings it. I immediately order a glass of Pinot Grigio, the menu said $9.  
I ordered the 'Ravioli di coniglio', which was good, prepared with fresh ingredients. I was about to ask for bread and olive oil, but he walked away.
I noticed that the restaurant had more employees than customers and I couldn't understand why I had to CONTINUALLY wave staff over to the table.  I got someone to come over and asked for olive oil (For the bread) I figured he would have noticed that there was only ONE slice of bread.  He comes back with olive oil and walks away without asking if there is anything else we needed.  It then takes me another FIVE minutes to get the attention of another staff member, as they were too busy standing near the table but looking the other way.  I told her that I was getting tired of feeling like a child in school with my arm up and that we need some bread, you know, for the olive oil.  Sheesh, I was exhausted from these lazy "servers".  They wore me out.  I have over 10 years experience as a server and have never ignored my customers.  News flash:  A customer should NOT have to ask for more bread and/or olive oil, it should just arrive at the table.
With lackluster service like that, I decided to skip on the $12 desserts.  The owners of Le Virtue have got some nerve. This place is overpriced and I was underwhelmed. We would have been far better off going to eat at 'Eatalia', even though it is out of the way.
Although their wine list says that a glass of Pinot Grigio is $9, they charged me $10.  I paid anyhow, but I did not tipped less. I was too tired to wave them down for a $1 difference and at that point, they had already lost me as I will not return.The back area was reserved for a private function, menu was tailored, and wines were chosen already; so I didn't get the full effect. I did, however, get course after course of fantastic plates. The ragu was my favorite.
I would like to go back and try Le Virtu again soon.A tremendous and welcoming addition to the Philadelphia restaurant scene, very down-home and authentic cuisine from a beautiful Italian region.  The wine list and menu are not gigantic but, well thought out and spectacular in their own right. This is Babbo for much less $$$$.My friend Alex and I stopped in Le Virtu just to have a drink at the bar.  We chose the wine on tap, which was really quite lovely.  The atmosphere is very relaxing and the smells coming from the kitchen were delectable.  We had already eaten at L'Angola on Porter Street (another wonderful meal) so we did not have any food but have decided that this is a must do for us.Great Italian restaurant abruzzi style. We started with the meatball appetizer and salad with pears, radicchio and honey oregano dressing which were both a great way to start a meal.  The pasta we had was the single strand and the waiters reccomendation which was the taccozzette with sausage and truffles. We also had the lamb shank which was a very large portion and also extremely well executed and tasty. Desert was the chocolate shell with almond cake and apple pie with semifredo. The wine was the 2011 riserva montepulciano which was excellent.My fiancé and I dined at le virtu last night because it's on a short list of places we are looking into for our rehearsal dinner. We had been wanting to try it for quite some time because of all the good things we had heard about chef joe and chef Angela and their team. 
We sat at the bar for a while until our table was ready, about 15 minutes after our reservation time, but no biggie there. Once we were seated our waiter told us the specials and we ordered a bottle of wine before making our decisions on dinner. Unfortunately our waiter was pretty aggressive pouring the wine and some of it ended up on the table. We ordered our food, the appetizer special of the evening, the pasta special of the evening and the braised lamb dish.
The fried dough stuffed with ricotta and rosemary and served over a bed of prosciutto de Parma, was ok. The stuffed dough was good, but it didn't have enough filling for me. The bits that had the filling were great though. And what's there to say about prosciutto de Parma. It's incredible.
The pasta special of the evening was a pheasant ravioli with mushrooms, pecorino cheese, butter and rosemary. It was absolutely incredible. The pasta had a great amount of chew to it, and the filling was exquisite. I was in heaven eating it.
We had a miscommunication with our server on this course. We wanted the braised lamb dish, but he thought we wanted the lamb pasta. He handled it perfectly though when we said that wasn't what we ordered, he took it back and off of our bill and brought us what we ordered. It was very nicely handled. Next up was the agnello brasato, braised lamb with cippolini onions, parsnips and Brussels sprouts. The broth was rich and flavorful and the lamb was incredibly tender. I loved the vegetables as well.
We couldn't skip dessert, so we ordered the torta di mela, olive oil apple cake, cinnamon streusel and marscapone thyme cream. The cake was incredibly moist and the crumble was outstanding. It was an amazog dessert, however the cream was over whipped, so it had a butter like tasty and consistency unfortunately. Other than that the dessert was flawless.
This is really a beautiful place to have a nice meal. The food coming out of the kitchen is delicious. I will definitely be coming back for more.OMG -- We started with the fried olives which were wonderfully tasty and crispy.  Then I had the beef & duck ragu with fresh apron pasta.  You know how sometimes a meal is so outstanding you think about it for days afterwards?  It was all I could not not to lick my plate.  I can't tell you what my husband had I was so focused on my own dinner but I know he liked it!  The service was very nice and the atmosphere was pleasant if a little noisy (four ladies sitting at the table next to ours were loud).  The panels installed on the ceiling do little to dampen the echo.  I didn't give this place five stars only because they are charging too much...especially for the wine.  Paying $40 for a bottle you can buy for $15 is just too much. So food is five stars, service four, atmosphere four, price three.I want to give the food a 5 and service a 3.  Lets start with the good. I was super impressed by the menu variety, size, and everything we ordered. The apps: croquettas in an amazing red sauce, the charcuterie plate with house-cured meats were excellent. The octopus was a little lackluster as was the ricotta with pancetta. My seafood stew was one if the best I've ever had--it had tons of tender calamari, tasty clams and mussels, a few perfectly-cooked shrimp and a piece of white fish in a light and slightly spicy red broth. Other dishes included the gnocchi, tagliatelle with rabbit ragu, rabbit, and pasta with wild boar. Overall the desserts were also delicious-the chocolate salted caramel with hazelnut nougat was the run away favorite. The lemon dessert was both tangy and sweet and well-eaten. The blueberry cobbler was missing something--overly sweet and too soft, it could have used some crunch and signature blueberry tartness. The drink list was exceptional, featuring a few sweet drinks with cracked pepper, an Italian lemonade martini, and other delicious choices. The digestifs menu was vast and featured some typical choices alongside more unusual. Though on Tuesdays you can BYO with no corkage fee so no need to order drinks. 
Overall great experience, right?
On one of the hottest days if the year we were seated next to the front door despite lots of room in the back. It was sweltering. The hostess was brash and dismissive. She ignored us for a bit then when we tried to move the large, awkward table so we didn't have to suck in our stomachs to squeeze into our seats, she freaked out. Our sever and food runners were nice and friendly but clearly forgot about us since we were at the only table in the bar area (of perhaps because a 20% tip was already guaranteed?): our water constantly ran out and food and drinks took a long time for every course after apps... Though there was no mention of it/warning/apology.
I would certainly go back due to the excellent food and decent prices though never sit in the front again.Not red sauce Italian, better. The paparadelle with duck ragou is hands down one of my favorite dishes ever.Ordered the ravioli... absolutely delicious!! Wonderful service as well.  The menu is a little pricey but everything is well worth the price.  Will be back again during my next visit in Philly!Oh to give 3 stars or 4 stars when you really feel it should be 3.5.....
We got a reservation on a Thursday evening, hoping to be able to sit outside on the patio and enjoy the weather, but there was some sort of an event going on which prevented us from doing so.  Bummer.  The service indoors was excellent though and we quickly forgot about it.
The two kinds of bread served were good, my wife & I both commented on the interesting type, not sure exactly what it was.  We opted to share a couple appetizers then split a pasta which ended up being plenty food for us.  We had the fried rice balls which were very tasty.  About halfway through them though I recalled meat ragu being apart of the description, but I didn't see or taste any...just lovely saffron, mozzarella, & rice.  We also had the charred octopus salad with lemon vinaigrette, which was very good and interesting with the inclusion of potatoes.  For our pasta we split the farro risotto, with clams, mussels, and shrimp, with roasted tomato, red onion, almond pesto.  This was very good and the highlight of the meal.  
All in all it was perfectly fine, but nothing really knocked me over either.  The service was superb so that will keep it on the list when we're in the mood for Italian and find ourselves in the neighborhood again.EFFF YOU LABAN!!!! The lady and I visited Le Virtu during the winter and have sworn to come back because it may or may not have been one of the most delicious meals of my life.  Now, a return visit will likely require reservations far in advance because Craig LaBan had to go blow up our spot with 3 bells.  Way to go buddy.  In a town with some great Italian food, this one really stands alone and short of Vetri, which I have yet to make enough money to try, this is the best Italian meal hands down.  Fresh, authentic but a bit edgy and just freakin music to my taste buds.This is a great taste of rustic Italian fare without having to break the budget on someplace like Vetri. 
The atmosphere is nice but still casual-good for a spontaneous date-night. Plus you most likey don't need a reservation here. They have a nice outdoor terrace that doesn't seem overcrowded like a lot of places that cram tables, chairs and customers outside once the weather heats up. 
I went with my boyfriend last night, and the waiter first informed us that on Mondays all bottles of wine are 25% off! Score!
Now onto the food. Both times I've gone here, we've gotten the antipasto platter. Its hard to resist! This is not your typical mozzarella and tomato plate. This is a not-too-big, but not-too-small smorgasbord of cured meats, quiche, marinated onions, olives, cheese, and bruschetta. They also give you a complimentary plate with fried dough (which is pretty much a zeppoli except salted instead of sugared-and delicious!) and little cheese and rosemary-filled croquettes. 
The pastas are mostly fresh and made on-premises. They're all shapes you won't find in your typical grocery store, and paired with delicious sauces or ragouts that again, you definitely won't find in a jar on your grocery store's shelf. The first time I went here I ate the most tender and delicious ravioli made with cocoa, filled with rabbit, and served in a butter-sage sauce. Heaven! My boyfriend (both visits) had the "handkerchief" pasta with duck ragout. And on my recent visit I had the layered "crepe" pasta with red sauce, tiny meatballs, and cheese. This was basically the most delicate and delicious lasagna I've ever had. 
One antipasto platter, fried dough, two pasta dishes, and a bottle of Mojo Sangiovese later... we are completely satisfied having fulfilled a craving for fine Italian, without the guilt of feeling over-stuffed, over-carbed, or overly broke. I can't wait to go back!I'm a vegetarian giving five stars to a meat-slinging restaurant, because they are everything you want a restaurant to be -- thoughtful, familiar, creative, always growing, solicitous but not overbearing, and authentic as they come.
Philly is lucky to have Le Virtu.  Next time you think, "Hell, I'm so OVER Philadelphia," think, "Yeah, but then there's Le Virtu."
I mean, would you add a star to your review of Philadelphia because of one little restaurant in Passyunk?  Yeah, you would.Went last night for my husbands birthday and was not impressed.  I picked the place based on the 4 stars on Yelp and 3 Bells by Craig LeBan but I didn't quite have the same experience.  We started with the stuffed olives and the salumi meat spread - the olives were dry but the meat spread was pretty good.  I got the stuffed pasta with porchetta and it didn't wow me - like I was expecting - and my husband got the fish stew - he actually was pleasantly surprised.  Dessert was the best part - the chocolate semifreddo.
Service was ok - nothing special - there were lots of holiday parties there so they may have been distracted. 
Overall OK meal but wouldn't make a trip from Fairmount to go back.Yes. Yes. Yes. Their in-hose cured meat antipasto and the handkerchief pasta are going to mess you up. Mess you up like the first time you saw Love Actually, or the new Star Wars movie,  tears of joy. Go here on a Tuesday for BYO night(no corkage fee).Some of the best Italian food I've ever eaten. 
We started with both the nduja and the trippa (stewed tripe). I've never tasted anything quite like the nduja. The only way I can describe it is like having some of the best Italian sausage you can find and turning it into pâté. It also had a spicy kick to it, which was perfectly complimented with paper-thin slices of cold carrots marinated in some sort of refreshing greatness. The trippa tasted so clean, wonderfully stewed, and sat in a big bowl of spicy tomato sauce, with cheese, and herbs.
Our second course consisted of the maccheroni alla chitarra con ragu d'agnello (braised lamb shoulder ragu) and the taccozzelle all'aquilana (taccozzelle cooked with house-made Abruzzese-style sausage, saffron, black truffle, etc..). Both were delicious.
We finished with the coniglio (rabbit) in porchetta. Normally rabbit can taste a little "gamey" - not when it's slowly roasted, and basking in herbs, garlicky goodness, and who knows what else.
A limited, but intentionally specific beer selection.
Again, some of the best Italian food i've ever had. If you're in Philly or just visiting, it's a must try.Not real thrilled with the place. My son picked it and we googled it and most reviews were pretty good, a few bad but a lot didn't favor the service. My husband and I were the first to arrive. The restaurant was empty, it was only 6pm, tho. Servers were attentive and friendly. First courses were good, they took a little long considering we were the only table at the time. We ordered the Burrata, the egg &cheese croquettes, the Tripe and the Ricotta, yes we do like cheese. There was a big gap before entree's were served. 
Read up on Le Virtu before we went because we appreciate good food and we are in the hospitality business. I was really excited about the fresh pastas, immediately. 
We ordered the Potato Gnocchi with Lamb $18,just ok. The Squid Ink Maccheroni with Shrimp & Clams $19, not hot and served with 4 of the tiniest clams I have ever seen and 5 of even smaller shrimp, sad.
The Tagliettele with Rabbit $19, which surprisingly after all this was very good. The Brodetto $25, also just ok. The Chicken $24, nothing special, and then The Orata $26 for the table, which was probably the best entree out of all of the above!!
Dessert we ordered the Apple Crostata $12 which was very good and the Cookie Plate $11 for the table. The cookies were unimpressive to look at and more so to taste. First it looked like someone had already eaten some of the cookies and everything on the plate was brown which made it not appealing at all.
All in all, with two fair priced bottles of wine for the 4 of us (one teenager), it was a Very over priced check for an "ok" meal-$300 and then almost $400 with tip.
Safe to say, we won't be visiting again.Came here on a Wednesday night just as service got started. We didn't make reservations, and although the main dining room wasn't even half filled, we were seated in the other room right next to the door to the patio, completely separated from the other diners. I guess that's not too much to complain about, but I just thought it was strange we were so secluded. 
I ordered the pear, chestnut honey, and cheese appetizer and the squid ink pappardelle with seafood. The appetizer came with a few pieces of bread which were hard, flavorless and just didn't do anything for the cheese and honey.  The squid ink pasta on the other hand was absolutely delicious. It was spicy & flavorful and every component of the dish was perfectly cooked. 
There are not many vegetarian options on the menu, the waitress suggested the gnocchi with red sauce for my sister, which turned out to be awful. The gnocchi was too dense and not soft & pillowy like it should have been. The sauce was also disappointing and flavorless. 
Our waitress was apathetic, never smiled, and just unfriendly. 
Overall, I liked my pasta dish, but thats about it. If the service was better, I'd actually consider returning, but I probably won't.Just had my first meal at Le Virtu
Food was delicious and the service was very good.
I was in the mood for a nice cold beer and was introduced to a new Belgian beer... Weyerbacker.I cleaned my plate enough said lol but really the place was very clean and all my questions were answered without the usual I am bothering you looksLe Virtù is a great restaurant with many delicious dishes from the Abruzzi region of Italy. We arrived during happy hour and then the drinks were much cheaper! They are also one of the rare restaurants that serves Italian beer -- Moretti Euro Pale Lager -- and the beer actually wasn't bad (for a change) for a Heineken product. 
We sat outside as the weather was perfect, and their outdoor seating is beautiful.  I had the ravioli di coniglio (rabbit-stuffed ravioli pasta) and it was delicious.  We also stayed for dessert, and I had the fig gnocchi, which was excellent, and tried my friend's semifreddo al cioccolato, which was also very good.
The staff was very gracious and friendly. They had no difficulty with accommodating a large party of our size (originally twelve people!) for an early dinner on a Tuesday, and they transferred us without complaint to a smaller, outdoor table when our group dwindled to only six people. Bravo, Le Virtù!  I would definitely return.We had dinner with friends and enjoyed the place - really more 4.5 stars. Very nice central Italian cuisine. We had the plate of meats - a solid appetizer. The grilled octopus - likewise. Portions were good and the wine selection was well rounded.
I had the seafood stew which was very good. The tomato broth was rich and good for soaking up with bread. Others were pleased with their dishes as well.
The place is cozy. A huge patio (not open in Feb) looks like a great place to hang out on a summer night.Checked out this place two weeks ago for a late night dinner after an amazing Wings game (just had to give my favorite team a shout-out).  We were promptly greeted and sat, yes, even though we were slightly under-dressed - haha.  The girl who brought us water wasn't anywhere close to pleasant, kinda bitchy actually, but everyone else was very nice and polite.  The food was great, to include a variety of drinks we had and even dessert.  End result: I'll definitely be back!This place is really just all around excellent. We had amazing service (shoutout to our server Andre who had great reccos) and everything came out timely despite it being relatively busy for a weeknight. My fiancé ordered an 11 dollar glass of white wine which he said was "the best glass of white I've ever had." Shoutout to the Fattoria San Lorenzo II Casolare Verdicchio IGT 2015 - wrote it down so we can buy it. I'm not going to describe the food for you bc beauty is in the eye of the beholder and I don't want to ruin the experience for you w my inadequate words... but I will say get the Cannellini beans (warning - have a little kick to them for you spice-phobes out there) and the Taccozzelle pasta. We both ordered that pasta and we were thrilled. This is our new spot!OH MY GOD this place is good. I had their pasta special, in addition to the cabernet/merlot on tap and the biscotti. It's CRAZY good here. Very nice staff too. Fellini movie playing on the screen outside for excellent atmosphere. Run, don't walk.Beautiful outdoor courtyard.  Delicious homemade pasta.  Great service!  
Portions on entrees are on the small side for the price but otherwise great dinner, beautiful atmosphere.Le Virtu was recommended by a friend who's a serious cook and eater. I can see why she likes Le Virtu: I did, too. Though next time I dine there, I'll be more attentive and assertive than I was on this first visit.
First, the restaurant itself is lovely. A cozy refuge from the cold outside. There are two rooms, the long narrow barroom and a more compact (and noisier!) room that adjoins the kitchen.
As I started reading the menu, I became really upset. I wanted to taste EVERYTHING! I love real Italian food and the dishes and menu descriptions sound authentic. Furthermore, the wine list contains many unusual Italian varietals--another good sign that you're in a place that really cares about offering an authentic experience of Italian food and wine.
I chose a pasta from the cucina povera menu and asked my server for a recommendation for a secondo: I couldn't choose among rabbit, porchetta, and a lamb shank. He recommended the lamb shank. Here's where I should have been more alert, though I didn't know it until a little later.
I ordered spaghetti with cacio--a sheep's milk cheese--and black pepper. What I got was spaghetti with hot peppers and shaved cheese. It was excellent--no complaints--but I can't help wondering what I missed. Then my lamb shank arrived. I hadn't noticed--and my server had neglected to mention when he recommended them--that the lamb shank was served with risotto. Not only that, but the risotto I got the first time was cold.
At that point, I felt committed to the lamb shank and sent it back so that I could enjoy it hot. It was delicious--a medium-sized shank, wonderfully tasty. I couldn't finish it and took the remains home to enjoy.
Note that there were two missteps in this meal. The pasta and the lamb shank were both terrific. But next time, I'll do my own ordering, thank you. And I recommend that you do the same. Though our waiter was friendly, he clearly wasn't that into helping me construct a meal that made sense as a whole experience rather than an assemblage of discrete courses. He seemed largely disconnected, in fact
There's a wonderful dessert menu and extensive selection of after-dinner drinks, including a number of amaros--the bitter Italian digestifs. Our waiter comped drinks and coffee because the risotto in my first lamb shank had been cold. I appreciated the gesture a lot--I would have appreciated it even more if he'd been attentive to what I was ordering in the first place.
So I've carped a bit in this review and I want to close it by noting that I'd go back to Le VIrtu tomorrow. But when I return, I'll be very clear about what I'm ordering, ask my server to repeat it, and pretty much make my own choices. I think that under those circumstances, it will be wonderful experience.I have never been so underwhelmed.  The server was rude, dismissive, and impatient.  The mussels appetizer terribly sub par; my seafood pasta dish was tasteless, albeit fresh; and my sweetheart's meal, that poor man paid close to $20 for a kiddie meal. His heart sank when they placed the tiny portion in front of him that tasted like it may have come from a box. We had heard a lot of great things about this place, so we were really disappointed.  Having been a server myself for five years I usually take poor service with a grain of salt; who knows, he could have been having a rough night.  However, this character was just plain rude!  We weren't ready to order after looking at the menu for two minutes, yet we were ready to put in our appetizer, to which he said in a testy retort, "uh, the chef wants us to put the entire order in at once!"  I even explained that we had never been there before.  Well, he walked away, returned 30 seconds later and asked for our drink order, (I guess perusing the menu for the appropriate wine/meal paring was something he just couldn't wait for).  I swear we really weren't taking that long!  Once he received our meal order, well, he was done with us! Thankfully we weren't thirsty, because he definitely wasn't in the mood to bring us another beverage!  Poor food + poor attitude = overrated and not worth it!