The atmosphere of this place is fantastic. Very fancy inside, but it feels so weird to be eating casual food in such a nice restaurant. I got deluxe pho and my friend got a beef rice dish. Their food is very nicely prepared, but the taste is alright. the beef for the rice was very nicely marinated though. But my beef in my soup was alright. Definitely had better.
Other vietnamese restaurants have more bang for your buck. Maybe it's me getting used to eating casual food at casual restaurants. I probably won't be back because I know better pho places.I am very surprised I haven't reviewed this yet as I have been here at least half a dozen times. My five star review is based not only on my last visit but on all of my other visits as well! The atmosphere is great, service wonderful, portions generous, and food delicious - what more could you want?Very disappointing. The food was not flavorful at all. The only saving grace was that the decor was very modern and sleek. It is a nice change from the typical hole in the wall style of other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.
If you are trying to introduce someone who is new to Vietnamese cuisine and that person is not your most adventurous eater, Le Viet is a good choice. Otherwise, go to any other place on Washington and you'll have better food and more money in your wallet.Great authentic Vietnamese food, great ambiance and service, inexpensive.  I had clay pot ribs and the sauce was phenomenal.They have a 4.95 lunch special on weekdays if you eat in between 11am-3pm. The interior is swanky and it's far away enough from the typical office buildings that there isn't a crowd to battle during lunch.
I ordered the Bún Bò Nng Ch Giò and thankfully didn't have to try pronouncing it to the waiter, just pointed it out. It came out within a reasonable amount of time, they have an open kitchen so you can see the chefs working away. 
The food was well presented and used fresh, crisp ingredients. I burned my tongue on the hot and crispy egg roll and the noodles were a perfect texture. The waiters do a good job of being attentive but not hovering and letting you take your time.
I will say that Vietnamese restaurants usually load you up on portions but this one was surprisingly moderate. I didn't have that "stuffed to the gills" sensation that inevitably follows a bowl of pho at Nam Phuong. It's good for a light lunch but if you need something substantial, it's easy enough to order an additional appetizer considering the price of the entrees.That's how much we have left over, that should says all about the food. Very disappointed. The interior decoration is pretty and the staffs are friendly.Summary:
* It is difficult for me to rate this place "ok" since I love Vietnamese food.  Oh where, oh where can I find wholesome Vietnamese food that is delicately prepared with fresh ingredients to quench my longing for the taste of home cooking? 
* I like the service and the ambiance, both are inviting and energetic.
* Go here for the happy hour, to get the best value for the good small dishes and ok drinks.  
Food:
The different soups or noodles, and tofu plates are meh...just plain tasting and a disappointing imitation of what Vietnamese soup should taste like.  The happy hour food is actually not bad.  Cocktails are too sweet. Almost every drink is sweet -- so sweet that the desserts seem like palate cleansers. 
Location:
Good luck finding decent parking around dinner time.  
Service:
Great serviceThis place was a 5 star rating when it was BYOB, for me...let's just say after that went away I had to downgrade to 4 star rating. It's still a great place to go but that BYOB just really placed it on the top of my list. 
The atmosphere is modern, clean lines and cozy. The staff are very friendly and you do not feel rushed while dining, compared to other Viet restaurants in the area. When I come here, I do not order the Pho mainly because I feel that the Pho are just better at other Viet restaurants in the area but this restaurant serves up some really amazing sizzling, sauteed, stir fry, clay pot dishes that I have tasted. 
The quality of these other dishes are awesome, full of crab meat, giant shrimp and very filling dishes. Yes, the Pho may not do it for me but it's a great restaurant for other dishes that I crave and return to over and over and over again.All the dishes we ordered were very good. Speacially Beef chow fun. Staff was friendly and place was very clean. Thumbs up for the bathroom also very clean.My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Philly. The food is just so good and fresh. Appetizer pho? Yes, please!!! Definitely a step up in quality from nam phoeng without a noticeable diff in price. I'll be back for sure .When I first started coming here a couple years ago the Pork Sliders and Pho were awesome!! Now, I have tried 3 visits in last 4 months and Pho is super bland and Sliders barely have any meat in them. When I asked, they said they had a new chef.... I used to love this place, unfortunately my last visit will be my last visit. For GREAT Pho now, I go to 4204 Westfield in Pennsauken, I found it by accident and is easily worth the 15 minute extra car ride.... Very Flavorful! Good luck!AMAZING food, HUGE portions, friendly service, AFFORDABLE.  They have a vast array of choices. For a fun dish, try the Tom Nng, Banh Hoì (a make your own wrap which includes rice wrap with peanut sauce shrimp, angel vermicelli); for simple and yummy try Cm Chiên Tôm Cua (fried rice with crabmeat and shrimp); for vegetarian try Min Xào Cua (cellophane noodles, vegetable and Tofu).
The only bad thing I can say about this place is that I can't pronounce anything on their menu...totally coming back!
Bon Apetite!Service is bad here in the sense that the wait staff is inattentive. We ended up having to hail down a waiter shy time we wanted anything. Our friends appetizer came way after everyone else finished theirs and only after we asked about it. The same friend had their entree first as the rest of us waited. Service and timing is poor.
Decor is nice. Very sleek and modern. Surprisingly un-vietnamy (:-P) Almost too big if a space for them to manage.
Crab and shrimp rice was really good though. Big portion! 
Vietnamese cold spring rolls were tasty with a delicious peanut sauce.
Chicken that comes with the chicken with broken rice was well seasoned.
Food is pretty good here! Just the service is HORRIBLE and not even worth it.Hands down the best Vietnamese food in Philadelphia.  I live in NJ but went to college in Philly and had A LOT of oriental friends.  We must have tried every Vietnamese place in the city, especially in that area, and I can honestly say this is the best I've had so far.  Besides having the usual (pho, pork chops, etc.), they offer a lot of other dishes that you would be hard-pressed to find elsewhere.  I recommend the seafood fried rice (w/ lump crab meat...real crab meat ya'll!) or their pineapple salad if you're watching your weight.  Regardless, you really can't go wrong.
The service was also pretty good.  Maybe it's because they're all so young or that they're dressed in all black, I'm not sure, but our waiters/waitresses always seemed to be super fast.
I've also never been to a Vietnamese restaurant that nice before.  I wouldn't call it fancy but it is definitely a lot classier than the usual places that serve pho.  You may want to bring a date.  I did.  I'm not bragging, I'm just saying.One of the fanciest and trendiest Vietnamese restaurant I'v ever seen! Unless you see the name, you would think it's an non-Asian expensive restaurant, but once you look at the menu, you'd be surprised at the friendly prices of the food ($5~$10)! The food is a bit Americanized, but it's still a very nice and affordable place for a meal.God I miss the old staff and chef. Food used to be banging now it's all "let me Americanize everything on the menu". Great decor, more pricey than the others..... food..,, looks fancy just not as tastefully fancy to match. I think it's a good place to baby step your non viet friends to trying authentic viet food. But not recommended.Really good food, especially the sizzling ginger shrimp. This restaurant is kind of like the yuppie younger brother of Nam Phoung down the street. It's also good if you have a baby, as the seats are big and wide to put a stroller or baby seat in. I also like music, the other day I was eating dinner and they were playing deep cuts off of Radiohead's Kid A. Hearing "Morning Bell" while eating my Spring Roll was nice. The waiters are also cool as hell- 65% of them have Warby Parker glasses. You just don't see this kinda thing at the other Vietnamese restaurants in South Philly. This is what set this place apart and why they charge slightly higher prices than the other kitchen-style restaurants.I went here ti celebrate my cousin's birthday and the staff was just so nice and welcoming. The atmosphere was simple, hip, and amazing. There was not much I didn't like about this restaurant besides I've been hearing the pho may be a little salty. But the broken rice platters are awesome! If you order something here, there will be no doubt you would not leave with a satisfied smile on you face :) service here was great, food here was great, atmosphere was amazing. Nothing beats a clean stainless steal and marbled look! I'm really impressed and I can agree that this may be the best viet restaurant in Philly!Finally a Vietnamese restaurant that looks as good as their food tastes!
We went there for a late dinner Saturday night. We were seated right away. I started with a French Martini which was okay. I followed it with a dirty martini which was very satisfying and efficient. =) 
As far as food goes, we shared summer rolls and lotus salad both of which were very tasty. The lotus salad was especially refreshing. For entree, I got a bowl of pho which came in this HUGE bowl. It's enough for two meals! We were so full after the meal and I will definitely go back there again when I am in the mood for a good Vietnamese meal!I love this place. The vietnamese food is authentic, fresh, beautiful, fast, delicious and cheap. It is one of my favorite places in the city, and, because I live quite close, the restaurant I have been to most often. Which means I have tried most of the menu. The grilled pork with broken rice is a favorite. Any grilled pork dish here is excellent. Also love the BBQ Basa fish that is frequently on the specials. The stir-fried soft and spicy noodles with seafood is another fav. Try the pinapple, carrot and calamari salad for an appetizer, or La Viet's spring rolls. If you go at lunch, they have ten lunch selections that are a mere $5, including the grilled pork and broken rice. Portions are generous, and everything is served with fresh vegetables, so this is a real deal.
I saw another review panning this place for slow service. It can get crowded on a Friday night, and service is slower then, but, after having excellent service here at lunch and dinner at least once a week for the past year, I felt compelled to write my first Yelp review in defense of La Viet. The staff there is young and friendly, and the decor is sleek, very different from the other Vietnamese restaurants in the neighborhood.This place is so amazing. My boyfriend and I have been to about 4 or five different pho places and this is by far the best. They always have the best service beginning from the time you walk in to the time you leave. It's very clean. The food is great, i order beef broth with NO meat, butt add shrimp and most other places look at me weird and can't seem to grasp it haha La Viet always accommodates my order I love coming here after work.I absolutely love Le Viet! The service, food and decor are everything I could wish for in a restaurant and more. I have never had a bad experience at this restaurant. I enjoy the fact that it is very well kept, clean and the food is consistently tasty. I have recommended this place to many of my friends and coworkers.We came here because Pho Ha was closed for renovations and we have now decided Le Viet is our go-to spot. It doesn't look like your typical Viet place - 'no sri racha and hoisin and gratuitous condiments on the table, no bright lightning, etc. The staff seems younger but very knowledgeable on the menu.
Plating is great, food is utterly delicious. I can't wait to go back.Great lunch deals on weekdays from 11am to 3pm. Cool contemporary designs with pop music being played during lunch.This place has a different feel from many other Vietnamese restaurant I have been to in Philadelphia. As soon as you walk in you see a full bar to the left of the restaurant, and booths/table on the right side. The bar has TVs for those avid sports fans too. But I'm sure most people, come to Le Viet for the food. The decor/ambiance of the place is nice, can't complain. 
I came here with some friends for a late lunch. By that time it wasn't too crowded. I ordered the House special Pho which seemed really cliche, but the broth was well done, and the ingredients seemed more fresh than most restaurants I've had pho at. The time before that I had a Pork Chop rice dish which was tasty and filling as well. It just depends on what you are craving, but the menu has a wide selections of dishes and drinks to choose from. The portions on the dishes were not bad as well, and prices are reasonable. The service was good, our waitress was very courteous in taking our order, and the food came out fairly quick. 
One of my friends also ordered the House Special Pho, but decided to change his mind and the waitress was able to tell the chefs on the fly to change his order. He ended up ordering the Bun Rieu. That's restaurant efficiency for you. 
Le Viet was satisfying the 2nd time around, and more trips to come in the future for sure. Come here if you want to try some tasty Viet food in Philadelphia.Second visit good as the first. Here for lunch and had a special of ground shrimp in bean curd wrapper (perfect for my new gluten free life) over rice vermicelli.  Only $6.95.  Very yummy. Love the young guys on staff who are so hip. Tempted to buy their T shirt with slogan "may the PHO be with you."I love Vietnamese food.  I'm a regular at Nam Phuong, Vietnam Cafe, and Pho 75 but hadn't tried Le Viet until earlier this week.  The restaurant's design is strikingly more opulent and contemporary than other area Vietnamese restuarants leading me to fear the prices would be elevated as well, but the wonderfully assorted menu of classics and modern takes was priced completely competitively.  Our waiter Francis was perfect.  Warm, welcoming, attentive, offered terrific guidance to the restaurant's specialties, and checked in with us an ideal number of times throughout the meal.  We shared the Bun Bo Hue and a claypot with pork, shrimp, and quail egg.  Both were rich with great flavor and nicely proportioned.  The staff thoughtfully provided us with sharing bowls as well.  So many other items on the menu we want to return to try.  Definitely add this restaurant to your must-visit list, and if you can, bring a group, so you can indulge in as many items as possible!The servers both times were extremely helpful and excellent and explaining what was on the menu.  
I tried a few of the things on the menu that were outside of my comfort zone,  and absolutely loved them all.The place is nice and our server is very friendly but our Food is just ok nothing special!!! Do I want to come back?!? NO THANK U!!!Le Viet is a very convenient location for me and since most Vietnamese restaurants are the same, I would say Le Viet fulfills the expectations that most people would have about Vietnamese food. They used to have $5 lunch specials but they stopped that (hint, hint bring it back!). The fried tofu noodle entree is good and their pho is decent. Whatever you usually get at a Vietnamese restaurant will be satisfied here. Prices are average, $7-$8 per entree. The decor is really nice; the nicest I've ever seen in a Vietnamese restaurant, or just in general really. It makes me feel fancy while I'm getting my pho fix.This place seems to have gone down the tubes, unfortunately. My family has been eating here for years, but something has changed recently. We came on a Friday night and there was only 1 other group of people, so it was silent and almost completely void of atmosphere. There were obviously multiple servers working, but it took a long time before our drink order was taken. Another large, loud group came in halfway through our meal, and they were seated directly next to us...not a good move, seeing as the entire restaurant seating was available. The food was mediocre at best. It was hard to communicate with the staff. Dance music played the whole time. The servers were dressed overly casual, not even in all black. All this combined made for a very awkward and unpleasant night. Won't be coming back.Flavorless food, mediocre service, and RUDE manager. 
Pseudo "upscale" atmosphere with big black leather chairs (Home Goods style) and big vases of long stemmed flowers on the center half-wall, dim lighting, etc.. But this place is NOT classy.
I ordered beef Pho and split some chicken wings appetizer that supposedly used the chefs private recipe....meh. A
My PHO arrived. It was flavorless and the noodles were cooked poorly. I love Pho and get it frequently from other area vietnamese joints. Needless to say, I was very disappointed. How hard is it to make good broth? The only seasoning on the table was sriracha sauce so it was difficult to fix up my broth on my own, especially because Le Viet skimped on the basil, bean sprout, and jalapeno sides. I sent it back but the waiter kept it on the bill, when I asked him to remove the Pho from the bill, he began to argue with me about it! I stopped and said "Are you arguing with me?" He went to get the manager, the manager took his time (10 minutes at LeasT) and then came over, came up to me, and asked what was the problem was....and proceeded to argue with me and tell me Le Viet was not one of those restaurants where you can send something back. WTF? So he scolded me, argued with me, and generally insulted me meanwhile holding a corrected bill the entire time which he hastily left on the table. 
Restaurants should be thankful when someone sends something back because it is information to use in order to improve service, food quality, etc. 
Instead, Le Viet used the opportunity to alienate customers. Myself, my guest, and any other patrons who witnessed the exchanges. I also think that if I had been a man in a business suit or any adult male, he would not have acted so rudely.
Bet this place closes by next year.If you love Vietnamese food and hip trendy city vibe, this place is perfect. Perfect for date night or going out with the girls.  It would be an inexpensive night out too since the price is very reasonable!  
They also have $5 pho during lunch which is pretty awesome!  You know the price of pho use to be this low but it keeps creeping up like crazy and now they're 8-10 bucks!  Oh my! 
Anyways, I'm so excited to be coming here for paint nite for girls night!  Nothing  better than a nice drink, great vibe, and some buzz painting.Best $6 appetizer I've ever had.
Le Viet is so far above it's competition that it's almost laughable. Every element by which I rate restaurants is a solid five stars. Let's briefly survey each, shall we?
First and foremost, the food is incredible.  The sliders (beef, pork, or chicken), which were offered on special for $6, are possibly one of the best bites in the city. They have every flavour, texture, and general quality one would want in top flight dishes: sweet, heat, crunch, softness, great colour, perfect portion.  This is a must try.  The catfish clay pot also beautifully balances the brilliant complexity of this region's cuisine. Other honourable mentions include, the lime/salt&pepper sauce, and the quail eggs. 
The service is outstanding.  The whole staff works as a team, and everyone is as knowledgable as they are friendly. They were happy to help me pronounce the dishes correctly, so that I might do them the courtesy of ordering properly when I next return. 
The decor may be a half-click under 'Raw' or 'Mikado'. The interior is clean, and sleek. A clear shot of the kitchen is made visible, which always inspires confidence in my book. It's appropriately nice without being posh. 
The most fantastic part of the Le Viet experience, is that it's no more expensive than any of the other 2-3 star pho joints on Washington Ave.  I'm not served any mystery meats...I don't have to fish tripe or gristle out of my bowl, and there are no screaming children running about al la Pho Ha.  - Tangent: Your children are not cute. A big wheels does not belong in a restaurant. No one enjoys screaming while they eat. Daycare and the family business are not synonymous. End Tangent -  I'd like to offer a mantra to Le Viet, if they would have it..."La Viet, we' re not more expensive, just better."  Try as soon as possible.We came here for their restaurant week promotion and the experience was very meh. Although it was a Saturday night the staff seemed completely overwhelmed with the almost full restaurant. I really wanted to like this place because the decor and ambience were definitely a step above but the food wasn't good. I ordered  the spring rolls which were average and the lemongrass tofu as an entree. The tofu was the only item on that section listed as spicy which was one of the reasons I choose it. I spent 15 minutes attempting to get some sriracha because the dish was not spicy at all. I also had trouble getting a second beer and we waited a full 20 minutes after finishing the entrees to have the dishes cleared. It seems like people really enjoy this place so perhaps it was an off night. However our 2 person meal took a full 2 hours and was not worth the time or money.First off, atmosphere here is amazing. The restaurant is clean and there's a window where you could see into the kitchen and watch the kitchen staff making your food. The chef here... I want him to cook for every event I go to lol. Seriously. I've been here twice now and let me tell you their food is legit. Everything I have had has been delicious.Le Viet is not your every day run of the mill traditional Vietnamese restaurant.  Its modern décor informs about the approach the kitchen takes to its menu.  It too, is modern and uniquely different from most of the other ethnic houses in this community.  If you want a break from Pho and Broken Rice (or even if you don't), but desire creativity and great distinctive flavor, this is your destination of choice.  
I had read the reviews, but was still very pleasantly surprised by the attention to comfort and privacy afforded here.  Booths with high back benches separating us from our dining neighbors.  Dark woody tones with high ceilings and subdued lighting. Glass vases, mirrors behind the bar, and extended front wall to let an image of the city enter, but keep us hidden within.  A place for a date. 
We ordered #s 9 and 70 - Pineapple Salad appetizer and Short Ribs roasted in a clay pot.  Both were exceptional.  The App came in a hollowed out half Pineapple, loaded with fresh Fruit, raw Calamari, spicy Shrimp, and assorted sidekick Veggies, all held together with a Lime and Pineapple Juice base with an assist from a good Fish Sauce. It was delicious. It wasn't Cerviche, but suggested that style.  When the solids were consumed, we asked for spoons so we could drink the sauce remaining in the bottom of the pineapple.  I could have had that for a cocktail if mixed with a little light rum. 
The Short Ribs had been torched to a dark burn, so that everything else in the clay pot had been caramelized into a thick glazy gravy that was hot with a hint of sweet.  The meat was easily liberated from the bone and also captured that intense taste.  We loved it.  
If there was a weakness it came from the bar that prepared the Mai Tai we requested.  I envisioned a Trader Vic's drink, full of orange, pineapple and lime juice, two rums, coconut liquor, and Grenadine.  Aside from a squirt of lime and a pour of Grenadine and Light Rum, the other ingredients were absent, making for a thin drink lacking its soul.  Next time, we skip the drinks. 
Otherwise, this was a top notch meal.  It was a great alternative to the usual stops on Philly-Saigon-Hanoi dinner train.Great spot 
Decor ambience all around great place for some authentic or what I believe to be authentic Vietnamese food!!! Friendly staff to add to this great spot 
Will be back soon 
Thanks for a great experienceIt takes a lot to make a group of four laid back people get up and walk out of a restaurant in a storming rage... Le Viet was able to do just this. I have been here more than a couple times and the service has been consistently mediocre, but never was it as bad as this past Friday, the last time I'll ever go there again... 
In short, this restaurant clearly does not understand the meaning of service and their food is not good enough to justify putting up with the bs. You'd think with their "fancy" atmosphere and the fact that they serve most of the same Vietnamese food you can get across the street for cheaper, that service would be something they would emphasize in the dining experience...WRONG.
Our party of four ordered an appetizer and 4 entrees- 2 vermecelli bowls, pho and a stir fry. 
First came the appetizer, a Vietnamese crepe filled with veggies and pork. They gave us one that had been sitting on the pick up counter for 10 mins or so before we even ordered (I saw this because we were sitting at the closest table to the counter). This is a dish that should be made fresh, it was lukewarm and the crepe was overstuffed with bean sprouts and sorta soggy- it was OK at best. I was willing to let this slide, though definitely not cool.
My friend got his stir fry first, a solid 20 minutes after the appetizer had been cleared away. Perplexed, we waited for our food, figuring it was just a busy night hold up. Then another friend got his vermecelli bowl about 15 minutes later... 5 minutes later the Pho finally came to our table.  It seems to me that vermecelli noodle bowl and Pho are probably two of the easiest things to prepare yet took half an hour to get to our table after we had an appetizer. Also, how do you make one vermecelli bowl for a table without making the other?! That still left me with no food. As my three friends sat politely with entrees in varying stages of cooling down, we tried to make conversation to not think about how enraged we were getting (especially me). 
After about 15 more minutes of waiting, I went up and talked to the manager who gave me a lame excuse (a large group, blah blah), told me my food was on the way and that he would take it off the bill. Of course we waited, watching many other dishes come out of the kitchen and seeing a couple who sat down after us eat, pay and leave. Finally, we all reached a breaking point and decided f this. We asked for the bill for the crepe since nobody ate any of their food waiting for me- instead they gave us a bill for 3 entrees. We dropped $8 cash for the crepe and walked out. 
I have never walked out of a restaurant like that before, I thought only difficult people and assholes did stuff like that, but this was seriously the worst dining experience I have ever had and maybe they need a wake up call on how to run a restaurant. The apathetic/smug staff was entirely unapologetic and seemed annoyed that we were even asking about when our food would come out.  
SKIP the bs at Le Viet and go to Nam Phuong across the street or any of the joints across the street for that matter. Same food, quick service, better prices, no attitudes, you won't have to wait an hour for everyone to get their entree and best of all you won't storm out of the restaurant pissed off and hungry.It is true that the area of 11th and Washington does not have a shortage of Vietnamese restaurants.  Still, Le Viet is a welcome addition to the neighborhood-- the nearby places are great for take-out, Le Viet is the place to sit down and savor.
Our waiter started the meal by asking if we wanted to be adventurous, or not too adventurous.  We took half his recommendations, making for a semi-adventurous meal.  The spring rolls were fresh and snappy, with thick peanut sauce on the side.  The duck in a clay pot was also nice, chewy but still tender.  The highlight of the meal was the shaken spicy beef, perfectly cooked and served over watercress.
It's true Le Viet is a little more expensive than its southern neighbors, but you pay a few dollars more per plate for much more ambience, I'll definitely be back.There are tons of Vietnamese options on near Washington Avenue, but Le Viet is kind of in a category of its own.  It's upscale, clean, and has an awesome cocktail menu.  It's been about 10 years since I've been to Vietnam, but the food seemed rather authentic based on my travel experience.  We were able to grab a table here the other night right away and our server was very efficient.  He let me know exactly what I could and couldn't have from the menu because of my allergies and then he gave us a good idea about the spice level for each dish.  I went with a very standard chicken and vegetable medley, but I definitely enjoyed it.  My significant other had a wonderful smelling curry hot pot that he finished off with thai chilis (no worries, he lived to tell the tale).  The drinks did take a little long to get to our table, but they were decent, so I think they were worth the wait.3.5 / 5
I've grown up eating Vietnamese food both at home and in restaurants, so I  have a good idea what to expect at a Vietnamese Restaurant. Le Viet was a little different. Instead of traditional Vietnamese music and decor, the interior is very hip, and best of all, clean. It threw off my parents because they were expecting something a little more traditional, but I enjoyed it.
We ordered the Banh Xeo (the crepe appetizer) and the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (Vermicelli noodles with marinated grilled pork and egg rolls). The banh xeo was a bit on the oily side, although I have had it more greasy in other restaurants, but it came with so many delicious and fresh veggies which made up for it. The bun thit nuong was my favorite-- the grilled pork was very flavorful and egg rolls were perfect. The noodles were a tad dry according to my mom, but otherwise, the dish had both mine and my parents' approval.A friend recommended this place, yesterday i decided to go with my daughter to have lunch. We got there (12pm) ordered the drinks and food, while waiting more people showed up. 
5-10 minutes passed we didn't have a glass of water on our table, however the people behind us, who came after us, got already their drinks and some started getting their food. I asked the server why we didn't even get the water, no answer, i asked to speak to the manager, they told me the manager wasn't here. I asked the server again why some people who came after us started getting their food, and we didn't even get a glass of water. The server apologized but didn't answer my question. By then it was too late, i was already annoyed, and left. I may give them a second chance, and will let you know.High quality Vietnamese food with friendly and helpful service. Ginger shrimp and (special that day) Shanghai noodles were both excellent. We've brought friends here on several occasions and have never been disappointed by the food or wine from their bar.Really loved it here! It has more of a modern feel and very comfortable. The service was very friendly and extremely courteous. 
The quail was one of the best Ive ever had. And the sauce that came with the quail was amazing!!! The Shrimp mo and Crab rice bowl was very filling and delicious. 
The presentation of each dish was perfect. 
for dessert...the Flan was so mouthwatering scrumptious and to die for. Plus the dessert spring rolls with sweet cream cheese and fresh fruit were worth every bite!Great atmosphere, food and wait staff. 
We will be back to try more of the menu ASAP!I've eaten here a couple times and have been happy with the food and service is very attentive. Their bún riêu and pho are pretty good.  My favorite is their pho lunch special... great price, portion, and the broth is delicious. It's hard to find a good pho place nowadays that don't over charge! I also like that the restaurant is very clean.Used to be my fav place to eat pho. Now they changed the chief. Pho does not taste as good as before. and i would never go back there again :((Growing up in a Vietnamese household, I am very picky about what I eat when I go out to Vietnamese restaurants.  I always compare everything to my mom's cooking and whether it's too bland or has been Americanized.
Le Viet is pretty close to hitting home.  They have dishes that are not found on any other area restaurant's menus, and they taste pretty authentic.  We started with the minced clams with crisps, a dish my mom had made before that I have never seen on any other menu.  Then, I had the thit kho, or pork claypot, which I have tried at every restaurant that offers it, and while the flavors were not at strong as mom's, it was pretty close, and a huge portion.   The boyfriend had cari ga, or curried chicken in broth, which came with the option of noodles, rice or bread.  He chose the noodles, and while it came out weirdly arranged (noodles plated on 1 dish, soupy cari ga in a bowl ready to overflow - how are you supposed to eat it?), it was tasty.
The pluses of Le Viet is that the interior is nicer than any other Vietnamese restaurant in town.  Sometimes I am afraid my out of town friends will be scared by the interiors of the other Vietnamese places.  Le Viet will be getting a liquor license (it was BYOB when I went) with a fully stocked bar.  For a few more dollars per dish, it is worth the treat to sit in a very beautifully decorated and clean restaurant.  The servers were knowledgeable and friendly
All in all, Le Viet serves good food, has a nice atmosphere to bring out of towners to, and is conveniently located.  Try the minced clams appetizer because you can't find it anywhere else!I don't understand why they only have 3 and half stars .. That's nonsense !!! This place is the sh$& !!!! Great viet food .. Really clean nice environment..and the staff is great ... Thumbs up all the way around !! I've been to many vietnamese restaurants and this by far is my favorite oneAllow me to preface this review by saying that I am server who has grown up in this industry considering my family has owned restaurants since before I was born so I have an extremely high level of tolerance towards restaurant mishaps and bullshit. Unfortunately, we all have our breaking point and last night I can honestly say that I had the absolute WORST dining experience of my life. 
My friends had been raving about Le Viet for awhile now, so when it was suggested that we try it out I was extremely excited and looked forward to what I was assured was going to be an excellent meal. The menu itself is extensive and we all had a seriously hard time deciding on what to get because everything sounded delicious and was reasonably priced. Ultimately, my 3 friends and I decided to share the pork crepe as an appetizer and chicken stir fry, house special pho, and 2 vermicelli bowls as entrees. Our crepe came out super quickly, which kind of weirded us out because it seemed almost too quick, but it was alright. My friends loved it, I thought it was ok, but it was a decent way to start off what could've been a good meal. Unfortunately it was alllllll down hill from there. 
After waiting about 20 minutes, my one friend's chicken stir fry came out and it looked and smelled delicious. We assumed that ours would be out shortly since they were busy, but that turned out to be incorrect. After another 15 minutes of waiting, the first of two vermicelli bowls arrived. Another 5 minutes later, my bowl of pho arrived. For those keeping score, the chicken stir fry had been out for 20 minutes by that point and was cold. We approached our server several times about the timing of the food and where the final vermicelli bowl was and we were assured that it would be out shortly. 15 minutes later (and watching countless other vermicelli bowls go out), the last entree still never arrived. My friend approached the manager and he again assured her that her bowl would be out shortly and that her meal would be comped. 10 minutes later, it still wasn't there. I approached the manager and simply asked for the bill for the crepe since all of our entrees were freezing by that point and the last one STILL had yet to arrive. When the bill arrived, everything EXCEPT for the crepe was on there. Fed up, we paid 8 dollars for the bill and left (which is something I've never done before but seriously, it was warrented in this case). The final vermicelli bowl had still yet to arrive at that point.
I have never experienced a kitchen or floor staff being managed so inefficiently. The excuse we were given from the manager is that there was a large party (who arrived after we had already placed our order) and they kept ordering complex dishes sporadically. Now like I said, I am but a meager server and have never been a line cook but I know how kitchens work and I know that you make the tickets in the order in which they arrive so situations like the one we experienced do not happen. Along with that, we saw several tables get seated after we were and finish their meals before we left. To add insult to injury, the server and manager were annoyed at US for bringing up these issues. We waited almost an hour for our entire meal to arrive and it never did. To expect us to pay for a meal that we did not eat because it was cold and did not come out in an orderly fashion due to you prioritizing other tables instead of making the food tickets like any other kitchen in the world is absurd and ridiculous. The manager clearly has no idea how to manage a floor staff, kitchen, and a restaurant. 
Is the food good? Probably, which is annoying because I would've loved to try an entire meal. This place, though...I have never experienced something so awful in my life. Do yourself a favor and NEVER go here.South Philly, PA
Pho base soup is bland a tad bit and not much meat like other places, so is 2 star for me. Im picky on soup bases. Service was pretty cool even for take out. 5 star. Young asian professionals type of crowd for service, unlike other pho places where they don't speak much English or tend to be more tradition crowd serving you.  Atmosphere, pretty decent. 4.25 star. Will be back for pop wings (aka Korean bonchon chicken) one day; not bad for $6. Beef cubes with stir  fried onions look interesting for my beef craving days. This might be a nice a chit chat gathering place with the girls on weekdays cus it seems like a peaceful & chic atmosphere when I went. Privacy. LOL ;-) Never drove this way and never knew this spot was even here. Thanks Yelp! However, parking might be an issue. 
 Do they have banh mi and bubble tea or anything fruity drinks here?Had a craving for some Pho but didn't want to sit in an un-air conditioned building while slurping a piping hot bowl of soup in July. So, I checked out this place instead of the ones further down Washington on Sixth Street.
The environment and ambiance was very nicely done, and would look very chic at night. The host and waitress were very polite and thorough with our orders and seating preferences. They have a great lunch deal for $5 from 11a-3p that has just about anything you could want. The Pho took awhile to come out, which was weird because it's always ready in the back. But it was a good bowl, Steak mixed with other kinds of steak. The noodles were excellent, but the broth a bit too salty. Overall I was pleased with the food and impressed with the service. Until our baby started screaming then they really wanted us to leave, but that's understandable. It echoes in there, LOUDLY.I love their Sautee baby clams, it's so flavorflul. Lunch special is afordable and tastely. Server are friendly and acoomodting. Been here many times and will recommened to my friends.Le Viet has been my local spot to come eat lunch for two years. I was a senior in high school when I came here for the first time. It was so convenient because it was a minute walk from the school and they had their $6 lunch special before 3. I should mention that I have only come here for their lunch special. I would come everyday, or at least every other day after school. I would alternate between rice dishes, beef chow fun, and Singapore noodles. I have tried the pho as well. All of the dishes are very good. For a $6 meal, the portion size is good. Customer service here is great. I've been here so many times, and not once did I have an issue with the workers. The interior of the place itself is very cozy, and spaced out. I don't usually mention bathrooms but their bathrooms are very clean as well.I came here with two girlfriends one time because my friend worked for a publishing company who worked for the restaurant. We wanted to try it and took one of our friends who has never had Vietnamese food before. It was her first time having viet food, ever. We got the spring rolls to start with because our friend couldn't eat meat. We asked recommendations about the menu because it was our first time and the server recommended us some of their most popular dishes. 
We also got drinks, since they do have a full bar and signature drinks. Their drinks were delicious. We all got pho dishes and they were so big that we could barely finish them. I think I had a lot leftover. I'd have to say their pho is pretty good, but it's so Americanized that I prefer one of those more authentic pho places. 
In the end, we needed a cab to get back to university city and one of the servers nicely got a cab for us since it's hard to hail a cab in that area. The experience was definitely nice and I'd definitely come back another day.$5.95 for lunch specials... and they are all delicious. I know this is a Vietnamese restaurant and their Vietnamese food is awesome..... but my personal favorite is the beef chow fun. It is nothing like the beef chow fun at a chinese restaurant. The unique flavor is hard to describe - a little sweet, subtle, but flavorful... maybe oniony? It is a must try!! Also really love their rainbow ice dessert (che ba mau) but it is not always available :-(  I highly recommend this restaurant... it is one of my favorites and I always make time to go when I am in the area.  Have never been disappointed by the food and the service is great!!It's good.  A little pricy, but you're paying for the ambiance.  The portions are smaller than the not-so-fancy places in South Philly, especially the pho.  The food is a little Americanized, but not too much.  The bo luc lac (beef cubes) are very good.I have eaten here 4 times. They used to have a great lunch special. Now they don't . The food is good. The restaurant is pretty. Why do I feel so disappointed . Seems I should like it more.Definitely better than an average Asian place on/around Washington Ave, but I am not sure all the foodies would rave about it. If they think their food doesn't taste good enough without sugar and MSG, perhaps it doesn't? I noticed striving to be creative but I haven't noticed a passion for quality of ingredients.This is a place to get pho when you wanna go somewhere fancy! This place was on the other side of the spectrum compared to all other pho places. This place was clean, modern, and very sophisticated in decor. Very impressive. Lots of seating for small and big parties. 
Instead of pho, I decided to try their beef stew. Why not? It was cold, dreary day, and I wanted to try something new. Interestingly enough, they brought out the same accoutrements that they would bring for pho, including lime. ?? Didn't get that part, but decided to pour on my bean sprouts and basil. I did noticed that the broth was on the oily side. Other than that, the stew was delicious! Chunks of beef and carrots. A Vietnamese version of an American classic.
By the way, those pho bowls were ginormous! My biggest concern was parking! It was tough to find a spot, since there aren't many spots in front of the restaurant. But don't worry, your meal will be worth it!
I'll be back!I love this place! It's directly across from my building which sees me eating here once a week. The staff are super attentive and friendly as is the owner. The food is great (only reason I deducted one star is the salt levels are way too high), freshly prepared and varied and the beer is cold. The place is well maintained and their happy hour is extremely good value. My favorite Vietnamese in Philly.Fantastic Pop Wings. Has a very rich flavor to it. Can't remember the last time I loved eating wings! But these are a must try. 
'My Xao Gion Mem' tastes a lot like the American chop suey (indo chinese cuisine). But the sauce is better. 
We have food delivered from this place and it is pretty quick.This has become our regular pho spot in Philly. We'd tried several places but keep coming back here. The pho is so flavorful and steaming hot when delivered to the table. Even after our first visit the staff remembered us and they provide great service. If you're looking for nice atmosphere you'll find it here! Modern decor, a fully stocked bar, tvs, and a great open layout create a comfortable yet classy feel. We'll continue to come back!Delicious and reasonably priced. Good service. We had happy hour drinks for $3-5, apps for $3 and entrees for $8. We had pork and chicken bun. Delicious. I always wish meat were less fatty and chewy; this was no exception. It was delicious, though. Next time I might try the tofu.Fancy pho!!  Very clean and modern compared to the other popular Washington Ave spots. Pho was good, service is always great. Get on their text list for free stuff and specials.We loved the look of the place, as it's so much better decorated than most, but the food was uneven.  The appetizers (summer rolls and sliders) were quite good, but the main courses were terrible--very fatty.I was really disappointed with this restaurant. Looking at the menu and reviews, I was hopeful that the food would be more authentic than it was. After living in Hanoi, Vietnam, for over a year, I developed a serious love for northern Vietnamese cuisine. My favorite dish is Bun Rieu Cua, and I was excited to see it on the menu here. 
The Bun Rieu Ha Noi was NOTHING like it should be, and I was extremely disappointed with the broth, presentation, and taste of the dish. It was too sweet and, quite frankly, disgusting. They also do not have pickled garlic, which is a staple on every street food table in Hanoi. 
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for authentic Vietnamese cuisine.Really loved it here! It has more of a modern feel and very comfortable. The service was very friendly and extremely courteous. 
The quail was one of the best Ive ever had. And the sauce that came with the quail was amazing!!! The Shrimp mo and Crab rice bowl was very filling and delicious. 
The presentation of each dish was perfect. 
for dessert...the Flan was so mouthwatering scrumptious and to die for. Plus the dessert spring rolls with sweet cream cheese and fresh fruit were worth every bite!We had a party here celebrating two birthdays. The food was excellent and the staff accommodated our large group of 12. 
One minor mishap, one person got served the wrong clay pot. The server delivered the right clay pot to her, so my friend gave the remainder of what she hadn't eaten to the guy who did order it - then the server came back to the table and it back from him because we "weren't paying for it." Kinda weird - aren't they just going to throw it away?
Also we were not allowed to pay with more than 2 credit cards - but they did split our checks for us which was nice. Luckily for those of us who did not bring cash, there is a CVS next door with an ATM. Le Viet beef slider for an appetizer was tasty, as was the beef chow fun. BF enjoyed his pho with crab, vermicelli and pork balls. The Grilled Shrimp broken rice plate was pretty tasty too. A couple of friends shared the "scorpion's tail" fishbowl which was a concoction of many liquors with pineapple juice and grenadine; I think they were pretty drunk.Prices of a hole in the wall pho restaurant but its really cool inside. Also all the wait staff are awesome and super friendly. Perfect place to impress a date or a friend.We ate here for the first time last Sunday night and we will definitely be coming back! The food was fresh and delicious, and the ambiance was modern and cool. A def find right off Washington ave. We highly recommend trying Le viet!If you are tired of all the bare bones Vietnamese eateries around South Philly with their tasty food but nonexistent service and décor, you need to eat here! Le Viet may not serve the best pho you have ever tasted, but there are plenty of reasons to visit this classy little gem.  While not pricey, instead of the standard drop popcorn ceilings and neon signs, Le Viet has a an actual proper dining room, sleek and minimalist, with glass tile walls, dark paneling, and black upholstered booths.  Also, in lieu of the usual brusque "set it and forget it" service, Le Viet has opted for attentive, hip, young waiters who--aside from their friendliness and skills--seem to have been hired for their ability to look extremely cool in horn-rimmed glasses. 
The food is good here. The rice plates and pho are comparable to what you would get at similar eateries around 11th street, and that is a good thing.  Some items that stand out are the Hen Xuc Banh Da  appetizer--baby clams, ground beef and peanuts served in a sesame rice cracker--my boyfriend and I fight over the last few bites--and the Pop's wings, incredibly tasty and crispy wings that are about 1,000 times better than wings other places (except Sammy Chon's!) 
They also do a happy hour at the bar during the week with drink and food specials, although their regular menu is very reasonably priced as well.I love this place! I used to be a dedicated Nam Phuong eater but since eating at Le Viet I am completely converted. The restaurant is cleaner, the staff is friendlier and more attentive, and the food is way better! 
My bf and I eat here at least once a week. Everything we've had so far is amazing and affordable. I recommend anything with the grilled pork. Including the tacos (odd I know. but SO good). Check it out!This is a beautiful restaurant. The staff is great, and the food is good. It's easy enough to find free parking nearby, and the prices are nice.  I am surprised that more people don't talk about this place; maybe it is a hidden gem.  I'd like to see more vegan options.Stay away from this place.
Father's Day I ordered takeout at 610 and was told 25 mins for the food. My family including an aunt, cousin and 92 year old grandmother was coming over at 630 for dinner. We live less than a 2 min drive away so it'd be easy to sneak out, pick it up and get back quickly. We did not get our food until 7 pm as my family and 92 year old grandma waited to eat dinner.
In addition, they asked for a credit card number to keep on file. I'm not exactly comfortable giving that kind of information to someone over the phone. Since I was going to do it, I just asked them to charge it so I could just run in, sign for it and go to save some time. They couldn't do that for whatever reason so I'm not sure what the point of even giving it was. On top of that, the guy on the phone had no idea what was going on when I asked questions about the menu. I was put on hold about 3 times so he could ask someone else. By the second time, you'd think he'd just give that person the phone.
The icing on the cake was that we ordered the steam fish. Something my dad loves. We were told it would feed about 6 people and it had a market price of $40. It definitely would not feed 6 people. Maybe 4 at the very most. We ended up not ordering enough food for everyone and I had to cook more on my own so everyone felt full. On top of that, the fish was terrible. There was absolutely no flavor at all. No salt, no pepper, just no spices of any kind.
I never say to not go to a place, especially privately/family owned places considering my aunt and uncle own a restaurant as well and I grew up knowing how much work it is, but when you are this bad at treating your customers, I say stay away.Their Hen Xúc Bánh a (sauté baby clams with rice cracker) is one of the best dish ever. This dish is absolutely amazing here and I can never have enough of it. Their food is solid and delicious. Love it!I really enjoyed Le Viet.  Now, I have to admit, this was my first time eating Vietnamese food, but I would definitely try it again.  There were a lot of vegetarian options, which is nice, I'm usually stuck with one or two things.  I got a vermicelli bowl and I really enjoyed it.  Our waiter was a little weird.  Mind you, not bad, just sort of strange.  He kept pushing my friend to order a cocktail.  
My only complaint is that towards the end of the meal, I feel like they sort of forgot about us because it took forever to get our check.  But other than that, I was not disappointed.  I would return and I would recommend Le Viet to others.The decor was very nice, clean and modern, which compared to the two other Vietnamese restaurants, was a nice surprise. It wasn't greasy and dirty like the others. The food was very good and tasty, and the service was very good. I would recommend this place for a more romantic place to dine!Loved it!  Everything we had was tasty, cheap, and decent portions!  Maybe not the most "authentic", but a solid go-to in the neighborhood.  I especially enjoyed the non-alcoholic pina colada drink - I could drink that for days.Upscale, clean and affordable! The seafood and tofu claypot was awesome as were pop's wings. If youre looking for a 'fancier' dining experience than across the street, give this a shot.This place is pretty good. The menu is large enough, the prices are good, and the wait staff is attentive. The lunch prices are amazing and what you get for the price is great. I had the grilled marinated beef and it was perfect.First off, I am Vietnamese and I grew up in Little Saigon in California.  I also have lived in Vietnam.  I have strong opinions on Vietnamese food, and I will go out of my way to eat it.  But I will not go much out of my way.  Convenience, quality, and respect for customers are some of the traits that I look for in a Viet restaurant...and of course, this is a difficult combination to fulfill.
Basically, this place is solid.  You may think that as a nicer Vietnamese restaurant that there must be something wrong with their food.  Don't be fooled.  There's some good stuff on the menu, like the Ca Kho To, the Rockfish, the Goi Du Du.  Their products may be fusion-esque, but it's not bad.  I would take my mom here....she is concerned about cleanliness and being treated properly....but not sure about my dad.  He is an especially critical patron when it comes to Vietnamese food.  He spends 90% of his free time in Little Saigon, CA....and is solely focused on authenticity.
One secret here is that you should be eating family style if you're going as a group. Sure their individual dishes are good, but the bigger shared stuff is where it's at.  All that I could ask for in terms of improvement is a more diversified menu.  Some Rau Muong or Ca Hap would have been awesome.  But you can't get everything, can you.
I'll go back here...many times.  With more people.  So glad to have found this place. Hope it doesn't get played out!They have some great dishes and some mediocre ones. I loved the clay pot with basa fish. Great flavor and comes with cabbage and tofu. A balanced meal all in one pot. 
I've also had clay pot with braised short ribs. The flavor was authentic and spot on, but it had nothing else in the pot,internally nothing, not even onion or some scallion, juts ribs and sauce, which is disappointing especially considering the $13ish I paid for this dish. 
I'd say overall, their dishes have good flavor profile, fairly authentic. It's super spacious but average in terms of decoration and ambience. More on the modern side compared to most Vietnamese restaurants. Almost feels a bit empty. The booth table has super hard back, which is kinda uncomfortable.If you are walking leisurely through Bella Vista and see Le Viet during the dinner hour...run the opposite way.
http://phillyfeedingtube.com/2011/08/26/le-viet-bombs-in-bella-vista/I like this place. If it weren't for restaurant week, I would think this place is a tad expensive. I had the beef sliders, fried fish, and spring roll cheese cake. The sliders and fish were flavorful and deliciously made. (A minor thing though- the turnip garnish was reused, so that was a little gross...). The spring roll cheese cake was innovative, but they used the same crispy shell as the ones for regular spring rolls. Erm, please make a separate batch for the dessert, the after taste was strange. Otherwise, points for being creative!!
The service was another story. They didn't give us our utensils and water until a while after we ordered. And they got my order wrong. Twice.
The place is really big and very comfortable. I would definitely come here again, perhaps on a special occasion. I look forward to trying their other dishes!Bao Buns and spring rolls OH MY!  Hubs, two teens and I chowed on soft shell crabs, sliders, hot pots filled with fish, shrimp, tofu and veggies-- everything was nicely spiced and hearty.  The service was great and the room is very chic. We'd go back!My favorite food spot in Philadelphia. The ambiance is really cool, I wish they played better music but the food is so good who cares. The prices are also really great especially if you go during lunch.
I would recommend the spring rolls and summer rolls to start with. Yeah both, mmm.
I'm really boring and get the same thing every time but it's so good; I get the beef with rice plate with a side of lime pepper sauce (try it if you haven't, it's awesome dipping sauce for the meat)One of the best places in the city to grab Pho.  Really nice and modern restaurant and really affordable pricing.  What's not to like?  Oh, great place to take a date.I came here and ordered the chicken lemongrass entree twice while visiting philly because of how flavorful the dish was and how close it was to my apartment. The portions are well-sized but I do find the place to be a bit pricey for what it's serving. I also tried the wings, which were also good but not crispy enough.Took my kids out to a late lunch. Found parking right in front of the restaurant. Whoopy-do! That's a first. lol. The interior is awesome. Very retro. I really like the atmosphere, it's not loud like other places I have been to. The food was ok. 
I ordered spring rolls, the lotus salad and the Le Viet Pho. The spring rolls were on the smaller side. The lotus salad is very tasty. I enjoyed it. The pho was horrible. It tasted like a 30 minute broth. The meatballs were cut into fours and my kids said "it tasted horrible." I also ordered 2 limeades, and 1 coconut drink. 
The waiters brought my limeades to the next table and than went to check the order when the table said they didn't order. After checking which table ordered the drinks, they still haven't brought the coconut drink over. The waiter comes back and said "it wasn't on the order." I thought "what a typical Asian restaurant?" It's the typical blame it on the guest trick. I repeated the order to the waiter before he put the order in. So, I am clueless to why he even said "you didn't order a coconut drink." 
The wait staff were uniform and trendy looking but needs to learn more about fine dinning service. I would suggest going to Davio's for dinner and seeing their world class service. 
I've heard so many good things about this restaurant and after eating in it. I don't think I would go back. The food is just not up to par when it comes to authenticity. Having a pretty plate vs. tasty meals is like feeding someone who doesn't know how to cook. 
I prefer tasty food vs. pretty plate. It is a plus when you can get both but let's face the facts. Vietnamese food is typically not fine dinning.We were here for Paint Nite a few weeks ago and had a blast! The servers were awesome considering how confusing it must've been to remember who had what. (They changed the layout to accommodate the set up for Paint Nite.) My girlies and I ordered bottled drinks of wine and champagne we couldn't pronounce because, ya know, we're fancy. But from what I heard from others who had cocktails, they were delish. Tried the chicken wing app as well as the spring rolls and they were pretty good. Not anything I would go there exclusively for, but they were well seasoned and cooked just right. So, while I can't recommend the food based on one wing ding and half a spring roll, I'd definitely recommend giving it a go during happy hour. With good friends and good service, you're bound to have a good time.I had to write another review since there has been some recent poor reviews regarding their service.
I went back last night- party of 7, and we had the most wonderful meal. Our server was very attentive and the rest of the staff was great as well, helping each other bring out food so it all came out at the right times.  We ordered A Lot of food.  Instead of the usual dishes, we went by recommendations of the server and ordered family style.
We started off with two different types of spring rolls, the pineapple calamari, crepes, baby clam and ground beef in rice bowl, and mini bowls of pho (great broth and tender beef). Then for dinner we had the cat fish clay pot, the everything clay pot (with quail egg), filet, chow fun type noodles with chicken and vegs, vermicelli noodles, fried shrimp, and fried calamari. Dessert were the spring rolls with sweet cream and few orders of fried banana with ice-cream (yum!).
Everything was excellent.  Our waters were always refreshed, they cleared our tables quickly, the food came out on time but not rushed, and the service was attentive without being overbearing. 
There were also two other larger parties, both who also seemed to be having a great time.  We were there from 7:30-10:30 and they never rushed us out. The other two parties were still there when we left enjoying their conversations.
For all the food we ordered, and I actually think I may have left out an entree or two, the total bill was less than $190 for 7 people! It is BYOB but there liquor license is coming, so I'm sure the scene will be even more vibrant as their bar is a really cool area.
If you want to try Vietnamese food that is not your standard pho and broken rice dishes, check out this place and go by the servers recommendations. We were not disappointed and left full and very content!i love this place for a casual affordable dinner.  The prices and quality can't be beat
they use very fresh and high quality ingredients and the presentation is very nice
we love their soft shell crabs and also all the soups and noodle bowls
i'm not a fan of spicy but the bf can handle major heat and this is one of the only places in town that can deliver super spicy food (if you ask for it).  so for spicy food lovers this place would be great.  they even do a special night every halloween (hell night) with super spicy food.  we go every year if we can 
The decor and is great extremely clean and modern.  very nice staffLove this Place!
And that's coming from a straight up Vietnamese girl born in Saigon!  I've been here twice and each time was great.  Getting a reservation is easy and was seated right away.  The place is clean and classy.  Service is great and fast!  The food is delicious and authentic, good portions and very affordable.  It's definitely my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Philly!!  I will be back often!!This place is consistently good!  We always get the Vermicelli with pork and eggroll ($4.95 at lunch!) which is a huge portion, the clam appetizer and the beef cubes with watercress.  The vietnamese coffee is wonderfully strong and sweet and we also like the salted lime soda.  Friday nights can be crazy if you don't have a reservation and the drinks are slow to come out.  Otherwise I'd give this place 5-stars for food, portions and price.Bottom line: still loyal to Nam Phuong but this place gets its props for sure! Eat here!
Parking is a pain. That's the worst of it!
The decor is really nice - well lighted, and the effort to make a modern dining room is appreciated, since most Vietnamese places take for granted that we will eat well-made food in dingy dives.  I really liked the neat series of tiles and back splashes that are tied together throughout the restaurant walls and the floors.  The space isn't huge, but it is open and the dining room is comfortable. Prices are very reasonable, and it's a BYO!  There are TV's and a bar (with no alcohol we guess) along one wall. 
The service was great - the staff was polite, confirmed our orders in English and Vietnamese, and made fun small talk. They asked our preference on the order of the dishes arriving, which I appreciated.  
Mary and I pigged out a little:  We had the bitter melon slaw (goi kho qua)- AMAZING. The bitter melon slivers were tender and retained some of their bitterness, which we loved.  It was tossed lightly in a sweet fish sauce, and served with fresh steamed shrimp and shrimp crackers.  
We ordered eggplant in Vietnamese scallion oil (ca tim xao mo hanh).  We both love eggplant and love scallion oil dishes, but they couldn't pull it off.  The eggplant should have the skin on to prevent it from getting fall-apart mushy in the oil.  Without the skin, the presentation was less appealing - plain white eggplant flesh, laid out and sliced on a white dish - it looked like we had ordered a whole fish.  Scallion oil dishes require seasoning with fish sauce before adding the oil - it was so salty we were parched for hours afterward. 
Why am I giving it 4 stars?  The clay pot caramelized pork spare ribs  (suon ram) tastes like mom made it!  It's the best suon ram I've had in Vietnamese restaurants around.  And that - combined with the beautiful restaurant, awesome service, and bittermelon slaw totally gets us over the eggplant fiasco. 
Yummers!We go to La Viet often for lunch from work in S. Philly. Food is a notch above most of the simple "Pho" Vietnamese restaurants in the area IMO. I've gotten a good sample of the menu here, from the $5 lunch specials (Pho, Broken Rice, Vermicelli, etc) which is a bargian to the more ambitious offerings such as clay pots and other meat/seafood dishes. Everything has always been delicious with beautiful presentations. The ingredients have always been fresh and the pices affordable. The interior decor is really nice too, super clean with really comfy chairs and tables. The service can be a bit confused at times but overall it's fine.  My heritage is not Vietnamese but I think I understand quality food prepared with fresh ingredients and La Viet does a GREAT job.La Viet does not look like a typical Vietnamese restaurant. The décor and building are trendy and stylish.  It has almost a lounge type feel to it. The service here was excellent, they were attentive, friendly and helpful.
We had several appetizers, the fried Spring rolls, Crispy crepe filled with pork, shrimp, bean sprouts, and green onion, La Viet sliders and the Pop's Chicken wings. The standouts here were Chicken Wings and Spring Rolls. Those two appetizers had a lot of great flavors and were just delicious.
For the main course we had Chef signature sautéed cellophane noodles and seasonal vegetable, served with your choice of Seafood, Beef, Chicken or Tofu and the Braised Basa filets with onions caramelized in traditional sauce Clay Pot. Both dishes were good but not as outstanding as the two appetizers mentioned above. For dessert we had Vanilla ice cream with fried banana, topped with coconut cream, toasted coconut, and peanuts. This was very good and not too sweet or heavy.
We will be back to La Viet. The quality, atmosphere and food make this a restaurant worth visiting. They have a full bar, a decent beer list and lunch and happy hour specials.I've probably noticed this place about 50 times driving past it on Washington before I actually tried it out. The exterior is gorgeous with these giant glass doors, which, ironically, kept me away for so long since it looked like it was gonna be really expensive. I didn't wanna walk in only to walk out shamefaced or eat a dinner I couldn't afford.
I'm happy to say that this place is pretty reasonably priced. Don't let the decor intimidate you! We got pop's wings and I got salted squid/calamari (muc rang muoi). The pop's wings were really flavorful and a great (and cheaper) alternative to Cafe Soho's. The squid was a bit too salty, even with plain white rice. On average, the appetizers are like $7 and the entrees about $14. Also, they'll fill you up pretty well. Not unbutton-your-pants full, but more grunting-while-you-get-up full.fabulous place for a quiet happy hour after work during the week.  The drinks are well made and their happy hour specials are delicious.I've been holding off on writing for this place for a while now because I have a hard time reviewing for it. I've been here at least a dozen times and I would come back in a heartbeat. 
The food is simply delicious. I've ordered probably half the menu and I'm a happy customer. My go to food though, is always the soft shell crab and one of the clay pot. It's like deliciousness in your mouth. Though you can't go wrong with almost anything you order. I've tried the pho here and it was good as well as other things such as the rice dishes and the Vietnamese crepe.
The restaurant itself is styled at a higher class than other Vietnamese restaurant. The price is reasonable. The food and the drinks are amazing. The waiters have been all super friendly!First of all this is definitely not your typical Vietnamese restaurant, when you walk in it instantly gives you a more upscale contemporary feel. The restaurant is clean and its very open space you. They have booths and tables that are a bit distant from each other giving you room to breathe and  not feel like the table next to you is on top of you. Although the prices are a bit higher than other Vietnamese restaurant but the cleanliness and the friendly staff makes your whole dining experience worth the trip.  I was very impress that our waiter came by to check on us in the middle of our meal which you don't get when dining at other Vietnamese restaurant. Also I got the dining out card which I was able to use at this place and got 25% off our entire bill. For both me and my boyfriend we got a order of spring roll, I got the pho special and my boyfriend got pork chop and rice with egg quiche and it also came with a side of soup which you don't get at other Vietnamese restaurant. Total of our hill before tips was about $15. We walked out paying $20 including tips for 2 people which isn't bad at all. I am definitely a fan of this place.Beautiful sight of the entire restaurant, not your typical Vietnamese look. 
Outstanding service, most definitely a 5 star on their attention to detail. Checking up on my order with the chef. Wiping down our table after each meal, full glass of water & re-up on my Jack (A+ in my book). 
To sum that up, going by most Vietnamese restaurant or Asian in particular, i would have to say "Le Viet" staff are the ones putting in work for their tip.
As for the food, you think to yourself. Chicken is Chicken, who could mess that up. YOU just have to try there grilled chicken with broken rice. Shoot! Add in that egg while you at it, which comes over easy for you to spread that awesome yolk all over the rice. Unless you want to try something smaller, go for the chicken LV Sliders! Same chicken just wrapped up in steam bun, along with some shredded carrots, cucumbers and amazong sauce.
Looking for a drink after a long day of work, (or milk that clock during happy hour) 
They also have an amazing cocktail menu, if really let them know how you like your drinks, sweet or sour. Or just straight up Bourbon. Bring me along:] they cater to your needs.
Cons. Hmm... wouldnt know. Had me a great time. 
Oh, and i forgot to add. There restrooms, beautiful, clean, & always fresh. For those that actually judge a place by their bathroom. Outstanding all around.The decor is beautiful. It's not over crowded...we've always been seated right away. The service is good. The food is just average. 
I've been here twice and I always order tons of food because I love to try new things all at once. Nothing has really stood out to me unfortunately. I'd go back solely on the decor and may drinks and appetizers. But I wasn't impressed with the entrees.2 stars for customer service..I am pretty much disgusted by the practices of this restaurant. Came here for lunch with another adult and three children. We ordered three lunch specials and two regular menu items plus some apps and drinks. Our bill came to approximately $70...they added gratuity (which was stupid bc we would have given you 20% and we had three kids with us!). Then the servers tried to tell us that we had to pay for the entire bill in cash bc of the lunch specials...first of all, we are in the age of technology and most folksgenerally use a credit/debit card when dining out....and secondly, For a restaurant such as Le Viet (given its location and interior design) to be so cheap when it comes to credit fees is just pitiful....maybe you should sell some of your decorations so you wouldn't be so cheap about the fees and pressure people into paying all cash....food is okay by the way...it's not spectacular or phenomenal! Will not be coming here again.Unfortunately I cannot recommend this place. My partner and I had dinner here. Both of us had noodle dishes--mine with pork, shrimp, and sausage and his with seafood. We shared the pineapple salad app. The food tasted fine. Not the best I've had, but fine. A few hours later I was violently vomiting. I had food poisoning so bad I couldn't eat, or really do much of anything, for a week. My husband, who tasted my food, had some mild stomach issues and was sick for about three days. The manager I spoke with, Bruce, refunded my bill. But one thing he said I found odd: oh well, that happens sometimes. He didn't seem overly concerned. Does this happen often there? I dont know. He also offered me a gift certificate, which was nice but I won't be returning so I declined.The staff are always friendly, place is clean, food is excellent and I especially love the lunch special price although they went up a dollar.I enjoyed my dinner celebrating my graduation from Empire Beauty School. Naru and Laura THANKS. The food was Excellent and the atmosphere was enjoyed and  relaxing. I will be returning with more family and friends.Try to sit at a table, the ergonomics of the boots are all wrong with tables that are too high, and backs that seem to lean forward instead of back. The food is always fresh, with portions that are the correct size, but food is overshadowed by the hard to flag down, and not so great service. I've been several times, and every time they were out of something that my party ordered.Fresh quality ingredients, stylish design and attentive friendly service set this place apart from the others in the area.Definitely the trendiest-looking Vietnamese restaurant I have ever dined in. You can tell it's not your usual pho spot when you walk in and there's no smell of fish sauce lingering around. 
My group decided to let me choose my post-Broad Street Run brunch. I asked them how Le Viet's Cafe Sua Da is and it took no further discussion. After twenty minutes of circling the blocks around Le Viet, we found parking (thank Buddha, I was starving). The restaurant wasn't too busy for a Sunday during brunch hour. Worked out well for us and we were seated right away.
Since I knew I was going to be gorging at some type of buffet in the evening as my BSR reward to myself, I opted for small items. I ordered Goi Cuon, Banh Xeo, and a Cafe Sua Da. Little did I know, the appetizers were not small at all. The Goi Cuon was stuffed with noodles, a little too much in my opinion. But the dipping sauce was delicious.
The size of the Banh Xeo was on a different level. It was probably the size of a cheesesteak! Unlike traditional restaurants that overfill the Vietnamese crepe with bean sprouts, this one had a lot of pork and shrimp, very tasty. Beware, the dish is served with a tremendous amount of vegetables that you will probably not finish.
My Vietnamese iced coffee finally arrived after my meal was almost finished. Not sure what took so long, but the server apologized. It was ready to drink in a plastic cup with a straw, no drip cup necessary.
Good company and good food helped ease the soreness from running ten miles, until I had to get up. I had a good experience at Le Viet and will be back soon!This a true neighborhood gem. The flavors are amazing, great service and even the kids (age 8 and 11) love the food. So many things to choose from, and everything is just so good.The best, fantastic! 
Everything we ordered was delicious and they've a full bar with reasonably priced drinks and happy hour until 7!!!!! The staff Is sweet,low key but attentive. 
My friend had the Razzle Mishazzel (she invented the drink I made the name up)and I'd red wine. Her drink was so delicious! It had Pom, raspberry vodka, simple syrup, fresh lime juice and a shot of soda on the rocks - DELISH!!!!
We had two orders of summer rolls, she had the spicy seafood soup - she loved it. I'd  the Bun with everything pasta on the side; it was all fantastic! Go there! Full bar! Need I say more?Upscale atmosphere.  Excellent Beef Pho don't miss it.  Sweet sour spare ribs good for those of us who dig sugary asian food.
Prices very good.My wife and I are regulars at Vietnam in Chinatown and West Philly and always will be. But this new spot off Washington Avenue has made us a little disloyal. 
Le Viet has a different menu than the typical Vietnamese menu but that was OK because the manager talked us through the various items on the menu until we both found something that we both would enjoy. So while the wife was chomping down on some beef lettuce wraps, happy humming while enjoying the robust flavors, I was sweating over a bowl of seafood pho that romanticized my taste buds. 
If you read this and like Vietnamese feed, you gotta go here.As of this writing, Le Viet is not "officially open."  Their grand opening is April 11, 2010.  I guess they wanted to do a soft open and we happened catch them during this period. 
First, this place is brand new.  Atmosphere is really modern - sharp lines, fancy lighting, walnut tables, pretty trendy design.  Wait, this is on Washington Ave?  It's like a Banana Republic fell on flea market - a huge departure from the rest of the Asian Washington Ave offerings.  
How does it compare to Nam Phoung and Viet Huong? (1/2 a block away?)  Based on the pho and the charbroiled pork plate we got, I'd say it's on par.  The crabmeat and white asparagus soup was pretty good - kind of like Chinese fish maw soap.  
I don't know how to rate this place.  It's certainly not bad.  But the food we had wasn't better than our usual Nam Phoung and Viet Huong.  At the end of the day, are you will to pay a 25% price premium for the fancy atmosphere and the marginally better service?  Le Viet is betting you will.This place is a hidden gold mine!
My parents who are vietnamese (which i guess that makes me too? right.) are also in love with the food here.
The food is very good and the price is equally amazing! The restaurant and decor are nice and clean. I can tell it's ikea, but they made it go a very long way!
The only thing i don't like is the $15 corking fee PER BOTTLE? I had a WTF moment when i heard that. Save your money, try the asian beers.
Would recommend still!I have been coming here since they opened.  Before this place was opened, I went to a Vietnamese restaurant in China town.  Le Viet has the best Pho I ever tasted.  It's like a home cooked soup not like other place where Pho taste like a chemical compound beef noodle soup.  I consider this place offers authentic Vietnamese food. Yet, they are innovative enough to bring back their regulars by presenting a new menu items seasonally. 
In summer time, I like to eat other things.  Now, my new favorite item is their Vietnamese Tacos.  I had beef Tacos.  It is light & delicious.  Taco's hot sauce is awesome.  The sauce is like an Asian twist of Tabasco sauce.  I like it with a bottle of beer.  My husband says "can eat this all through out summer".  You should try them.  My other favorite dish is steak cubes with onions served over watercress (Bò Lúc Lac).  Last time I had something like this in San Fransisco.  I was so glad to taste this all over again.  I have recommended this place to all my friends and out of town guests.  They have falling in love with this place.  Whenever my friend from Virginia comes up, she would ask me to go to this place.  Sometimes, she comes with her other friends too.  What can I say more than I heart this place.This place is pretty great, with clean and decent decor. The standouts for me were the green papaya salad and the clay pot dish I got. If you go with a big group it can be fun to order a variety of things and split them!I live in the neighborhood and I was very excited to see a new restaurant coming into this previously dilapidated and empty space. Then, I found out it was a Viet Namese place ... Now, don't get me wrong - I LOVE Viet Namese food, but you can't swing a cat in this neighborhood without hitting a VietNamese restaurant - and good ones at that! 
As the other reviewer said - the official opening day is set for April 12th and the analogy of this being "like a Banana Republic dropped on a flea market" is completely correct. Le Viet is SLICK inside - gorgeous, in fact, if dark wood, dim lighting, and clean lines are your thing. 
I also agree with the other reviewer that the food was OK, we ordered some pretty standard fare (vermicelli, grilled, pork, etc.) and also a chicken cooked in a clay pot. The clay pot dish was outstanding and really exceptional - everything else - more or less the same. However, Le Viet has its neighbors beat by miles if fancy presentation and square plates are appealing to you. Everything was really pretty and fancy and fun. I had a good time and the service was really trying - with some misses, however. For instance, we tried to order some VietNamese sodas that we order regularly at Nam Phuong and the waiter seemed to be quite confused. We ended up with some pretty awful  and inaccurate drinks, but we were not charged. 
When the liquor license kicks in - I could see this place as having a lively bar scene. How cool would it be to get a good cocktail, some good Viet Namese food, and be in a "nightlife-type" atmosphere? I think pretty cool. This will be my special occasion VietNamese place.came here for lunch and had a decent time.
the inside is quite fancier than the other pho restaurants in the viet town area but the lunch price is about the same (including weekends) 
summer rolls - these were presented beautifully but the outside was quite dry which makes me think these weren't freshly made
wings - these were OK, crispy but pretty bland. needs some type of dipping sauce or sauce on the wings
pho - THIS WAS GOOD! one of the best pho i've had in philly. broth was on point and same with the noodlesThis spots my jam. Higher end korean fusion. The beef cube dish is great. The shrimp w ginger is also good..the wing, surprisingly were my least fav. Great service! Check it outI am really impressed.  The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous, staff is friendly and responsive, the food is fresh and delicious, portions are large, and prices are low.  Seriously, what more could you want?
I ordered the crab, quail egg, and asparagus soup, as well as a clay pot of chicken, potatoes, and carrots in a coconut curry broth with rice to accompany.  Holy schnikes.  They didn't skimp on any ingredients and the flavors were amazing.
My friend had the shrimp summer roll and another clay pot meal with beef, shrimp, and quail eggs.  His entree was not to my taste, but he loved it, and the summer rolls were gigantic and beautiful.
This was one of the best meals I've had in a while, and the tab came to a whopping $34.  Icing on the cake!
It may be slightly dangerous that this is around the corner from me.I have four words to whisper in your ear. They aren't in my native tongue, and before I visited Le Viet, meant nothing on their own. 
Once uttered, the brief quartet of syllables Hen Xuc Banh Da manifests as a plate not soon forgotten, the kind of thing that should be crowned "Appetizer of the Year" by a glossy local magazine, if that particular title were not on the auction block annually.
Sweet, tender baby clams sauteed in "house special" sauce with basil, onions and some magic seasoning completely mysterious are ensconced in a crispy sesame rice cracker bowl.  It's snapping-and-scooping glory.Ate here tonight for first time. I spent two weeks in Vietnam this winter and am beginning to try the Vietnamese restaurants in Philly. Tried the Bánh Xèo wrap and Bún Tôm shrimp and loved both. FRESH ingredients, well prepared. I wish I was a bigger eater. Can't wait to return. Contemporary decor, bar. I didn't think my Margarita would have any kick, but it snuck up on me and was great with my food. CLEAN ladies room. really sweet help.This place is great. Aside from Vietnam, this is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the city - and it's far better than the more well-known places around it in South Philly. The wings and clay pots are very good, and the bar is a nice touchDefinitely one of the best Vietnamese places I have ever been to, and not bad on my wallet either. I had the marinated pork chop rice plate and shrimp egg rolls. It was surprisingly a lot of food and I was full afterward. I have kind of a hard time with Vietnamese having no experience with it. What do I do with that clear stuff with the carrots floating in it? Do I pour it over the rice? I hope so, because that's what I did!  I also didn't know exactly what to do with the pickled veggies, so I ate it with the pork chops. I think I need to make a Vietnamese friend so they can teach me. :)Went with a friend who highly recommended this restaurant.  The food was delicious, but the service was terrible - the polar opposite of attentive. We waited about 20 minutes after being seated before a waiter came over.  We waited at least 20 minutes after we were (obviously) finished eating, and finally had to get up and find someone to ask for our check.  Ridiculous.  The restaurant was not especially busy. My friend has been many times and said the service was never like this, but she didn't know any of the staff, which surprised her - maybe they just hired a bunch of new people.  I would try it again, just because the food was excellent, but if the service is this bad every time, I can't recommend the place.Some of the best Vietnamese I've ever had. Deep rich home made flavors regarding the curries. The Vermicelli was a wealth of flavors, yet light and fresh, the perfect counterbalance to the curry. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Unbelievably reasonably priced. Can't wait to go back!An outstanding restaurant, by far the best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to.  An incredible room, magnificent presentation, and wonderful execution.  
We went for lunch, split an ap., two entres (pho and soft shell crab) two soft drinks, and the tab was $32.  All things considered, I'd expected the tab to be much higher.
There really couldn't be any way to improve this place.Never had a bad experience here. Food is great, staff is always super pleasant and attentive.When one sees a restaurant that looks nice and clean they automatically think it's on the pricey side of dining.  Well, this place is on the other side of the spectrum.  I would definitely recommend this spot to take dates or out of town-ers craving for Vietnamese cuisine.  The space is modern with a bar and a see-through kitchen at the back.  I've been here countless times and never had a disappointing meal.  No worries the flavors are all there along with freshness of the ingredients.  Some of my favorite dishes include: summer rolls, sauteed baby clams served with rice cracker, crispy seafood noodles, and calamari viet style.  You pretty much can't go wrong with ordering here.  The bf loves the mini sized pho bowl.  Only riff here is parking, but we always seem to luck out.I have wanted to try this restaurant for a while. 
We visited at lunch today. It was the right level of busy, between constant traffic but not frenetic or too many people. The service was exceptional. We had some questions about a few dishes and they were able to accommodate my needs, I.e. I can't eat noodles in soup.
We started with the Hn Xúc Bánh Đa. Awesome, just a little bit of spice. It was truly beautiful the way that it was presented amongst the rolling curves of the freshly made rice cracker.
I had Bún Riêu Cua Hà Ni, exceptional. The broth was fragrant and delicious. I rarely finish a bowl of soup, and surprised myself as I neared the end. It was just so good, and perfect for a chilly day. 
My hubster had Ph Lê Viêt Hà Ni and a special of the day, forgot the name but it was a mis of vegetables alongside crepes with meat inside that you pour a fragrant fish sauce over then mix up. Quite nice.
This will now be our standard every time we go down to hit Hung Vuong Super Market to get our dragon fruit on.
This place is easily navigated if you are in a wheelchair or mobility scooter. It was easy to get to the table without obstacles. Kudos for being accessible.Take comfort in an early 2000's interior that's like spa/lounge vibes mixed with a sports bar, playing random TV. They seem mostly occupied with takeout orders, but that doesn't effect anything. 
Love eating here...
* Fried Calamari (order as an app.)
* Cellophane Noodles w/ Shrimp
* Pho or Bun Both great
* Pork sliders are seriously good. 
They also serve good cocktails. But order right when you walk in because they take FOREVER to get any of them.A first instinct is usually to compare all of the restaurants serving the same cuisine, in the same city.
I'm not going to do that, though, so I won't be using Cafe Saigon, Vietnam Palace, Nam Phuong, or any of the other places around Philly that I could mention, to compare and contrast with Le Viet. After all, there's certainly plenty of room for at least a couple of good Vietnamese spots on the restaurant scene in this Italian-food-loving town.
Le Viet is elegant in atmosphere and service, with a menu that's quite generous on offerings, but not to the point that your choices feel overwhelming.
The most memorable thing I had: the Hen Xúc Bánh a  -- sorry, but don't dare ask me how to pronounce it properly. I can tell you, however, that the dish combines sauteéd baby clams, ground beef and peanuts in a house sauce, and comes with sesame rice crackers. WOW.  It's unique, it's umami, it's just amazing.
It has  the kind of flavor that makes you go all the way back to the restaurant, just for an appetizer. I know I will.
While the specialty cocktail recipes could definitely stand improvement (hence the loss of 2 stars -- alcohol's an important part of the experience), overall, this is a really nice place to enjoy some sophisticated flavors in an upscale, yet approachable setting.Came here to check out their happy hour yesterday, and left as a new fan -- I'll definitely be back -- not only for their happy hour but I'm definitely coming back for dinner.
Happy hour -- great. $3 stella , heneiken and Yuengling. $5 cocktails. My opinion? Go for the cocktails. They're well make, shaken and stirred ( not just pouring vodka and cranberry and  handing it over to you, if you know what I mean). I had a Long Island & my first Tigers eye -- I loved both of them. I like my drinks on the stronger side -- and it definitely wasn't shy of that. It was just sweet enough, to help with the kick. I really liked their drinks -- I would come back just for that. 
Also -- the server was really nice -- he asked to make sure the drinks were okay because I hadn't drank much. But the drinks were GREAT -- I just couldn't stop blabbing with my partner, good company ya know? 
_ Happy hour food was great! I had the chicken pho, calamari, pop wings , fried tofu and summer rolls without pork, I liked every single dish. The chicken pho had such a nice, flavorful broth -- dare I say almost challenges the one in Kensington?! It's quite good though, so much I wanted to order a full size one.
The fried calamari and tofu were so well seasoned, nicely battered and generous portion given the price. 
The pop wings are no joke -- perfectly fried, crispy, not soggy, great sauce and nice juicy interior.
The interior is gorgeous -- way better than any of the other places in the plaza on 6th or 12th and Washington, but the prices are still really reasonable. Mostly around $7..95 for some Pho/Broken rice dishes and upwards of $14ish for some of the shared clay pots or soups they have. Like I said.. I'll definitely be back to try.This place was decent. The quail was quite nice and the drinks was good. The sauce for the broken rice dish was quite bland, although the pork was really good. Nice decor and the service was good. Warning: skip the fruit egg roll. It was not good.This place has good atmosphere. Great place to take your friends and families. Lunch special has reasonable price. Its just that they put too much MSG, and everytime I ate there, I felt the headache and thirsty feeling from allergies to MSG. So I have to put special request so they dont put too much. Their pho soup is also meh..anyhow, overall it is an Ok place to eatThis is a nice Vietnamese restaurant they should have more Asians go try it out. It's close enough to Washington and all the other Vietnamese places but the place is actually clean and the food is pretty good. The service is great they came several times and asked us as well. In fact I would just come for the service as most places you have to keep asking for someone to come. 
The prices are really reasonable as well for the food you get. We ended up getting tons of leftover for like $30 for 2 and eating for 2 days. We got the clam appetizer, bbq pork vermicelli, and bun bun hue(super spicy) which were all good.I love their Sautee baby clams, it's so flavorflul. Lunch special is afordable and tastely. Server are friendly and acoomodting. Been here many times and will recommened to my friends.The service and the food was awesome! I highly recommend the pork buns, fried quail, and pork chops. The waitstaff explained the menu in detail offering suggestions and ideas. There is also a full bar with a bartender who knows how to make a strong mixed drink. The atmosphere is great and perfect for a date night. Can't wait to go back.I was hoping to award this restaurant 4 stars because I loved the setting and service.  But 3 stars still indicate a very good experience- with room for improvement .   We started with a papaya salad with beef jerky-  this was the highlight- a tangy dressing, superb.  What followed lacked a bit. The beef sliders, while very good, needed hoisin and sriracha to make them excellent.  The pork ribs were good, but there was more fat than meat.  Our meal was saved by an excellent pork chop- so tender- with a soup, quiche and vermicelli. The sauces and soup with this dish excelled.  I will return to Le Viet-  I'll just be more careful with my selections.the clay pot with quail egg was excellent. it came bubbling to the table.
 the appetizer in the rice cake was great too.  the design was excellent and made me happy to see such investment in washington avenue area.  Being a non native who supports many restaurants on that street, i would be happy to take a business client there. the server was helpful in suggesting dishes.Just moved to the neighborhood and tried this place last night. No delivery, but had to pick it up - first world problem. The person on the phone was really helpful, recommending a soba noodle appetizer special they have right now with vegetables, cilantro, peanuts, and pickled vegetables sliced very thinly - it was incredibly tasty. The price was 6.95. Hit that. I ordered the grilled marinated pork served with bean sprouts, chopped vegetables, peanuts, over vermicelli with a fried spring roll. That ran around $10. From the look of it, the space is very modern with cozy booths and tables and nice lighting which gives it a relaxing ambiance. I will definitely come back to eat here, especially for the lunch special that is posted on the door for $4.95 (....?! Philly, you still amaze me). They only lost a star from me because they don't deliver, but overall would definitely recommend.I came here with friends near 1:30PM for the lunch special. 
I came with 3 other friends and we got the booth.
I got the Singapore noodles and my friends got Pho. The service overall was great and pleasant. The waiter came to our table at the perfect time and our order only took about 10minutes to be ready. 
Overall, the food and service was really good. Me and my friends tipped the waiter $10.I've also grown up in a Vietnamese household, and I was excited to try this new restaurant after reading all the reviews below from our fellow yelpers.
The atmosphere and presentation of this place deserves 5 stars.  This place looks indeed very nice, and so different from our regular vietnamese restaurants, which have more of a diner style.  Le Viet looks very fancy, and the service was very good.
I came in with 2 friends.  We ordered 2 appetizers, the eggrolls and the quails roti with watercress.  We also ordered some bubble drinks, one taro bubble, and 2 coffee bubbles.  The appetizers were delicious, and I was excited to see how our entrees would taste.  
The drinks didn't hit a very high note.  The coffee didn't seem like the vietnamese coffee I am so used to, it seems like they used regular american coffee, and I'm not so sure they used condensed milk.  Seems like they used regular creamer.  The taro drink tasted somewhat powdery.  The bubbles though tasted fine.
We ordered one Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (rice vermicelli with grilled pork and egg rolls), which tasted good, but the egg rolls were a little soggy, they should have thrown it in there just before serving it to us, instead of letting it sit there.  We also ordered one Bun Rieu, which is the noodle soup with crab, shrimps and tomatoes.  It looked delicious, but when I tasted it, the broth was very meh.  It needed a little more kick, and also more salt.  My friend ordered a Bun Mang Vit, which is the Duck and Bamboo Soup, it came out as a soup with duck, and a separate plate with more duck to eat on the side.  She really liked the idea, and loved the duck, but her broth also tasted bland.  
We were somewhat disappointed, and did not feel like ordering dessert anymore.
All in all, the presentation of the dishes and the restaurant in itself is very fancy.  The taste of the food was rather a-ok.  If the cook worked a little more on the taste of the dishes, I think it would be a repeat.  For now, 3 stars is the best I could give them.We went for the pho and it turned out to be some of the best pho in Philly!  There are a lot of other more expensive dishes on the menu that I should probably try in the future, but it's good to know that they do the basics really well (we had pho and summer rolls).  What really sets this restaurant apart from the other pho places, however, is the decor.  Whoever designed this place went all out with the materials, it's a gorgeous sleek place with a lot of stone and glass.  Other unusual elements include cozy booths and large vases filled with cherry blossoms.  Definitely a good place to take a date or guests from out-of-town.I wasn't expecting a high end Vietnamese place on Washington ave but this place was very swanky. Years ago Philly had far more places like this but changed the market to accommodate those who order in an app on their phones. 
what i found to be lovely was the open atmosphere, the vast menu and the accommodation. I have some dietary restrictions and they had no problem taking care of me without incident. 
I look forward to coming back here soon.Two friends and I ventured over to Le Viet on a Friday night looking for a BYO that was not our usual Italian fare. 
From the outside, the building looks like a converted bank and inside the decor is oddly "posh" for this area of town - minimal and contemporary. 
We started with the Goi Ngo Sen (shredded lotus stalks with peanuts, pork and shrimp in a vinaigrette) simply because it contained lotus stalks, and we made the right choice. This dish was downright heavenly. Light and citrusy - I could have eaten pounds of it. 
Between the three of us at the table, we ordered a tofu/noodle dish, lemongrass chicken and the salmon. All three were exceptional and made me eager to come back and try the rest of the menu. We lingered over our meal and ordered dessert, which was the only disappointing part of the meal - in that it was merely adequate. 
Staff was polite and attentive. The restaurant was reasonably full for a Friday night, which I was happy to see. For sports fans - the bar on one side of the dining room had a couple large flat-screen tvs. We were able to keep an eye on the Phillies game from our table, but the tvs weren't a distracting presence.I really really like this place. The nicest of all the viet restaurants I've ever been to. Pho is not the star of this restaurant. It's all about the crepe and their do it yourself spring rolls. Huge portions, affordable, nice atmosphere. I keep going back!A rare gem in the city. It is common to find a good Vietnamese restaurant around South Philadelphia, but not one like this. It took me awhile to finally eat here but once I did, I was hooked.  For once, a classy restaurant that does not forgo authenticity.  My most recent visit was with my niece, it was rather late but the place was still packing.  The decor was modern but not intimidating, it was still comfy and welcoming.  We ordered the Le viet slider (it came with either chicken, beef or pork).  Our waiter recommended grilled pork slider, which came out deliciously.  
One of the more unique features on the menu was the pho appetizer.  A Delicious bowl of Vietnamese beef noodles, in appetizer size.  This was perfect because you can still enjoy the flavor of pho without having to order a big bowl.  This is the only restaurant in south Philly that offers this. I love it because it saves me so much room to try other dishes.
You get your usual suspects of Vietnamese food here; Pho, Broken Rice with Pork Chop, Tomato Crab Soup (bun rieu), Spicy Hue Noodles (Bun Bo Hue).  A few dishes did stand out however.  The ginger shrimp on the sizzling plate comes to mind.  It was a wonderful dish, full of aromatic.  The shrimps are jumbo and have the consistency of lobsters.  The ginger sauce is well-balanced and the caramalized onions are a perfect pair for the shrimps.
Service wise, it was mostly good.  Once in a while you may run into a waiter who doesn't smile or say you're welcome but it is rare.  I enjoyed this place, an upscale-looking restaurant that does not burn a hole through your wallet.Beautiful décor and a varied menu. Le Viet is definitely one of the more attractive pho spots Philadelphia has to offer. If you are looking for something other than soup, they have lots of options. The service is prompt and polite and it's a great location for large groups. 
The food is very fresh and prepared well. The pho isn't the absolute best is Philly but it will satisfy any cravings and leave you quite full. It's nice to enjoy a steaming bowl of Pho Tai in a restaurant that isn't a dingy Chinatown hole in the wall. A for ambiance.Man i am giving this place a star back.  It is truly a gem hidden in bella vista just north of Washington.  Gorgeous interior and a very good place to take a date.  The outside area isn't anything fancy, but just drive and park nearby.  Prices are incredible and meal sizes are huge. You will leave fat and happy!If anyone from Le Viet is reading this, thank you so much for not spitting in our food haha at least I hope you didn't.
Atmosphere - Nice interior with an obvious split of where the bar area is and the rest of the restaurant. Not super fancy but definitely more upscale than most Vietnamese places. 
Service - We arrived at Le Viet in the midst of a minor crisis that involved international traveling and passports. So we were on the phone for the first 10-15 minutes upon arrival at the restaurant. I felt terrible as three waiters came by during that time to see if we were ready to order but we had yet to even look at the menu. They were all patient and kind which I really appreciated but felt terrible about.
Their happy hour goes until 7 which leaves plenty of time to get there and enjoy it on a Friday after work. They have a great menu that includes various beer, wine and cocktails. The food included calamari and pho, among others. 
Food - We got the happy hour calamri which I was pleased with. A nice Vietnamese touch to the dish with peanut crumbs drizzled on top with onions, jalapenos and some veggies underneath. We also got the Tom Yum Soup which was very good.
We got two clay pot dishes. One seafood and another the spare ribs. Both were very good. 
Drinks - Major points to the manager/bartender. Happy Hour drinks actually tasted like real drinks (rather than watered down like some places during Happy Hour). I tipped extra just for this. 
Overall - Good ambiance (maybe a little on the bright side for a more upscale place but I also hate it when I can't read the menu..does that make me old? So I refuse to deduct points off for that). Good service. Good food. 
Points for: Service, calamari, strong drinks
No negatives.This place is a must try. The Pop's Chicken Wings are DELICIOUS. Also their milk tea... Wow. Best I've had in Philly. Love he ambiance and the wait staff is very kind, polite and
punctual. I'll definitely be coming back!All around, one of the best dining experiences I've had in Philadelphia. My boyfriend and I split the sweet & sour soup (to die for) and the #50 crispy noodle stir fry as well as a quail egg and artichoke soup. I'm not sure if I've ever tasted anything more fresh and flavorful. It was like there were subtle hints of many different flavors that somehow worked flawlessly. 
Our server was super helpful and attentive. She knew the menu very well and was super sweet. We ended our meal with the special hazelnut chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream, a mint sprig and fresh raspberries making it an unforgettable Valentine's Day experience. I'm so happy to have a restaurant to rave about! We will definitely be back.Yesterday's trip to Le Viet was an enormous disappointment.  After giving up on my previous favorite (Vietnam Palace) which has gone way downhill, I was excited to try Le Viet because of lots of good reviews.  Although the restaurant was clean and impressively designed with clean Modern sensibilities, the food was simply mediocre.  
My favorite Vietnamese dish is Banh Xeo, which is a rice flour and egg crepe with seared shrimp, ground pork, mushroom & bean sprouts, usually served as an appetizer.  The normally crisp & delicate pancake, was served at Le Viet as a thick and chewy exterior to rubbery halved shrimp and gummy pork slices.  Instead of the thai basil which normally accompanies the dish, a few leaves of which are  torn and added last minute (at dozens of Vietnamese restaurants I've tried), we were instead served a huge pile of very bitter Shizo (sometimes called Chinese basil, though it is botanically a different plant entirely).  Normally, the accompanying sweet/sour dressing is made with fish sauce, rice vinegar, sugar, red pepper flakes & topped with crushed peanuts.  Le Viet's version of this sauce was watery and bland. 
Another dish that was shocking bad:   a chicken with vegetable dish that tasted like it was drenched in bottled Oyster sauce....which I wouldn't anticipate in a Vietnamese restaurant.  
I'm still looking for a new favorite Vietnamese restaurant but Le Viet, pretty as it is, doesn't come close.So many great things to say about Le Viet.  I get major cravings for a few of my favorite dishes every so often:
- Curry chicken (a good amount of heat - yum, yum. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it and it is only 9:00 AM) 
- Crab fried rice (hearty chunks of crab meat topped w/ cilantro - hunger pains striking again)
- Crab vermicelli noodle soup in tomato sauce (my husband's favorite) 
- Sweet and sour soup (my favorite soup for winter ... i love anything w/ okra)
-Vietnamese iced coffee (when you need that extra pep in your step)
Always looking forward to my next visit...The service and the food were wonderful - it was a first time taste for this cuisine. Loved the veggie spring roll and the chicken broken rice plate.I liked just about everything about this place.My wife would give it  5 stars.The decor is attractive and the service friendly and competent.My wife had a mango mojito.Now , I admit I didn't see a Vietnamese place as somewhere to get a cocktail but it was really good . We had two appetizers- the non -fried spring rolls and quail .Both were excellent .We followed that with a  pho containing tripe and tendon.It was excellent.I'll definitely go back.On a final note , I read periodic criticisms of Yelp. Yes , you have to read with care but this restaurant is a place I'd never heard of that I found because of Yelp.Since my terrible experience at Le Viet, someone from the inside  personally emailed me on Yelp and told me that they had fired all the staff and manager, and told me to come back and give it another shot.
My boyfriend and I were craving the papaya salad, which I have had to boycott on principal, but since someone from the restaurant personally emailed me to tell me they had improved for the better I was willing to give them a second chance. We went over for the $5 lunch specials (11am-3pm), which are a fantastic deal!
Some items that are $5 during this time include popular vermicelli noodle bowls, house special pho and apps like the papaya salad. All of which 
usually cost a few bucks more than $5.
We got the papaya salad to split, I got the bún rieu and Drew got a grilled pork vermicelli.
Papaya salad- Le Viet's version is one of my favorites in Philly. It's got a lot in the mix, dried pork and chilis, so it's flavorful, unlike some papaya salads can be. They serve it with fresh shrimp chips as well, which are a tasty bonus.
Bún rieu, crab noodle soup, is another delicious Vietnamese soup, that is a must try for fans of pho who want to get a little more adventurous. It's a tomatoy-crab broth with crabmeat/pork meatballs and vermecelli noodles that's hearty and satisfying. The version here is pretty darn delicious. The version with tofu in it is great because the tofu used soaks up all the flavors of the soup. 
And of course, the vermicelli here is above average. 
I would say, in general, that you are going to get Vietnamese food prepared with fresher and better ingredients than if you ventured just a block across Washington. Now that they have improved the service, I can get back on board with Le Viet and you should too!Great first experience. It's Vietnamese food with a slight upscale feel without high prices. The food was still authentic and you can clearly see that they took some time to make the presentations nicer.  This is very much appreciated...you don't see that at other restaurants. If you like Nam Phung, you will like this place.  This place will be in my Vietnamese restaurants rotation.Finally got here with another Pho lover today and it did not disappoint !
Hu Tie was AMAZING.   Fresh ingredients, flavorful broth,  succulent calamari and shrimp ... to die for.
Cafe Su Da as other Yelpers have remarked is fantastic and made perfectly.
By far,  the cleanest and loveliest bathroom you will ever find in a Vietnamese restaurant !   This,  was what gave Le Viet its extra star ...  I was originally only going to give 4 stars because of all their "rules":   no separate checks;  if you order from special $5 lunch menu it is cash only, and there are 2 of you,  and 1 of you orders from specials and 1 of you does not, it applies "cash only" to entire bill.   
And no green tea,  just Jasmine.
So I can overlook those little quirky things because the food is truly outrageous.
And I would definitely come back.
A wonderful playlist of songs in background too !This is one of my favorite 'upscale' Vietnamese restaurants.  It is definitely more upsclae than the restaurants on 11th and Washington.  It is a neighborhood restaurant, and the decor is beautiful.  The ambience is quiet, which I like.  Food is consistently good, and we go so often that we can get the same waiter.  The appetizer in a crispy sesame seed cracker is good.  I feel that the prices and portions are reasonable.Drinks are as Excellent as the Food. 
#60 is AMAZING  the most perfectly fried Calamari with Chef special sauce ever!!! Truly my most favorite dish ( my palate is world wide). Staff very attentive. It's reasonably priced / not cheap. Roomy atmosphere. Large TV's and very decent background music!! I Am now a new regular! 3xs weekly easily.  ENJOY! You'll thank me.Excellent food! Better than nearby places.
Weirdly nice interior.
Annoyingly gigantic TV's that are impossible to escape from.
Terrible music.
Great service!
I'm not sure that I'd go back. But I might.i ate here a few days ago. Interior was nice wait staff like any other restaurant... we had a bunch of stuff calimari wasnt too bad the crab fried rice seemed a bit off to me.. but overall everything was good enough to make it a stop and go place. IF the prices were higher i would prob pass but like any other viet place this place was decent/better than average.Modern, airy interior with an open view of the kitchen and moderate noise level. We were a party of 5 including a toddler, and we appreciated the friendly, attentive service and tasty dishes. We started with the crepe (noticeably fresh ingredients) and pop's wings (the sauce is fantastic) before proceeding with the house pho (NOT drowning in MSG), beef chow fun (substituted for lollipop lamb chops, which were unavailable), crab fried rice (deliciously spiced), sizzling short ribs, and the basa fish with cabbage & tofu in a clay pot. Can't speak to "authenticity," but nearly everything was perfectly cooked (short ribs were a little chewy), and we were pleased that the food was neither too salty, sweet nor greasy. Street parking's iffy, but we definitely preferred our overall dining experience at Le Viet compared to similar standbys in Chinatown.came here for lunch on our way to Baltimore. 
The place is very big and very clean with nice decors 
they have many lunch specials for only $5 dollars
I got the Pho with all kinds of stuff in it: beef tripes, beef tendon, etc. 
it was better than I expected. the broth was very flavorful and the portion was huge
All our other friends seem to enjoy their food as well. the portion definitely very big. The waitstaffs were very friendly
will definitely come here again if in the areaTasty food!  Went last night for the second time and tried something new: raw flank steak marinated with basil, served with some peanuts and basil.  I really enjoyed that, the meat had a great serrano-like texture to it and tasted light.  The wings are awesome, but they come out really, really hot, so give them a minute.
Had some vermicelli with a pile of different grilled things in it and it was quite good.
The staff is friendly and nice, but a tad disorganized, even though it was not too busy.  
One weird thing: no Vietnamese beer on the menu.
Fairly priced for delicious food.
May the Pho be with you.At first we thought there was a large wedding that just left when walking in. Every table had dirty dishes on it like they have no bus person working. The place was empty with only 3 tables eatting. What a nice place this resturant. The building I mean,I really like the parking and decor. We were forced to sit directly infront of the loud kitchen area since every table was taken up with spent pho bowls. We can understand in Viet what the kitchen complains about. And Du Ma is a word even Americans can understand.
In short: The service sucks, but they are really nice. None of the waiters are really waiters, more like collage kids looking for extra cash or family help. It shows, compared to waiters making it a career. They all hung around like the dishes were going to clean up the tables themselves. Bad impression for anyone. Then at once they all got together and cleaned up the whole place, but do you really need to wait until the last clear table is used before cleaning up? I can find better places to spend my Sunday afternoon then in an awesome looking resturant that is filled with empty pho bowls.
My advice. Clear the table when its done, not only when you run out of tables to use.
Your $3.95 pho bowl should come a warning on how it does not come with chopsticks, or anything else but a bowl. First time i ever ate pho with a fork. It had about two spoons full of noodles. For $6 I could have had a bucket of it ANYWHERE else.
Foo Foo Vietnamese is cool, but it's really lame if you can't follow up with service.
With only 3 tables the food took forever, I can not imagine how long it would have been if the place was packed.
WHAT's with everyone on their cell phones doing nothing with a place filled with uncleaned tables. Get off the iPHONES when there's work to do.
College kids not carreer wait staff and it shows, you don't need the tips you guys just want extra cash.
Poorly timed food roll out.
I think this place is going to have a real hard time getting return customers which is the LIFE line of any resturant. Fool us once shame on you, fool us twice shame on me.Awesome food, friendly service, and pretty good drink selection. They make a wide variety of Vietnamese cuisine. Definitely coming back.The space feels massive, so you really don't have to worry about sitting on top of anyone else or being annoyed by the people in the booth behind you, you won't hear them.  We ordered the special, which I can't remember the name of, but it had Chinese sausage in it.  It was delicious.  I will definitely return to try more of the menu items.  The menu is huge, so it can be difficult to make a decision.The best vietnamese restaurant I've been to in Philly.  I did not have the pho, which I'd leave to Pho Saigon, but everything was fresh and delicious.  Ambience is very nice too, rather unexpected considering the other vietnamese restaurants I've been to in the area.Great atmosphere. Surprising for location. Excellent service and fantastic food. Appetizers are stand out. Loved the one with lotus root and the one with the ground clams.  For entree we had the shrimp with pineapple. Shrimps are fried but not greasy and very enjoyable. Portions are large and presentation is awesome. Will be back to try more stuff!The interior is nice and modern, but the stark walls and hardwood floors create a very loud setting.  Service was a bit spotty, as we had to get the attention of the servers for our initial water glasses and to place our orders, and our waiter seemed absolutely annoyed at having to work that night.  The food is mediocre, especially for the higher price when compared to other, less trendy establishments.  My friends and I decided to give this place a try, but left unimpressed and unlikely to return here or recommend it to others.  There are plenty of other places to get better Vietnamese food for less money.Delicious! Very cute and clean inside. They had very affordable lunch specials. I got an order of beef pho- appetizer size so that I can enjoy many more of the delicious offerings and it was perfect! The grilled chicken on the vermicelli bun was tender flavorful and succulent. Pho broth aromatic and clean. Lastly, service was impeccable! Will be back if we are in the Philly area again!This Vietnamese restaurant is different from the rest. The decor was modern and comfortable. Also, the pricing was very fair. The service is where they shine the brightest. My only complaint was with the two orders of summer rolls....they could have been bigger. Overall it was a four and half  experience.First time visit here was ok. Parking wise - no good. You gotta find street parking and coming in on a weekend, let's  just say you better pray you'll get lucky with one. 
Inside the restaurant was really nice. Trendy , with beautiful decors. 
Service was great in the beginning , however towards the end I wasn't too pleased. I didn't finished my food so I ask for a doggie bag, they just gave me a Tupperware with no bag to carry and no acknowledgment upon leaving. 
Food was ok. Not great just because the pho didn't taste as traditional as it should be. The broth tasted ok , I didn't like the Chinese BBQ pork inside my pho. I never seen BBQ pork in pho before and it also altered the typical flavor of the soup. I also got that caramelized fish fillet in the clay pot. It was tasty , a little to sweet but still very good. My favorite part of the meal appetizers which was the chicken bun sliders and fried rolls. 
So overall I rate this as 3 / 5 stars. Trendy restaurant but the flavors weren't there.I have one of the vermicelli dishes and it was good!  Pleasant and more trendy atmosphere - definitely not like the rest of the Vietnamese restaurants in the area!  The portions are a bit smaller than regular Vietnamese places but it was good and fresh.  Great for bigger groups!Excellent menu, excellent service and the menu items are properly priced. The place is very nicely decorated and looks neat. The bar area has the perfect atmosphere for zipping a nice drinks. The drinks were very well made.
I have been there several times on different days of the week, including Sunday evening when it was the most crowded. The service was still as good and timely as it was during less crowded days.
I give it all five stars.Came here for paint nite and it was great!! The servers did an amazing job trying to keep up with everyone's orders, bartenders did an awesome job with the drinks, and the space was just gorgeous. My sisters and I decided to come early so we could get some Happy Hour drinks and appetizers. So glad we did! :-)
Ordered:
Limeade drink- Whoa, was it DELICIOUS!! And quite strong, but you definately could not tell until it kinda hits you half way inbetween.
Beef salad - we could have done chicken, but I wasn't some of that red stuff...lol. I think it was drowned in waaaay too much dressing/sauce, so it really overpowered the dish and I couldn't taste the meat or the lettuce. Next time, I would ask for it on the side.
Fried tofu - This was great!! It was fried perfectly with not too much batter, so it wasn't extremely heavy. Came out nice and hot too.
Fried banana w/ice cream - Just get it! So good.
Fried chicken - I thought it was ok, but I got there late, so I can't really give a full perspective of it since I had the leftovers.
Overall, I would definately come again. Ambience and service really made the nightI love Vietnamese food...like absolutely love...could eat it everyday. So I was quite excited when I saw that there were other items on the menu different from the typical rice and noodle dishes that you get at Nam Phoung or whatnot.  For example, the pineapple salad with calamari and shrimp...so flavorful and light..another dish is their fish wrap entree.  Granted you have the wrap the food itself but the flavor is wonderful.
The atmosphere is great and design is very sleek.  If you are in the mood for Vietnamese food but want something from the typical places, this is the place to go!  The staff is friendly and understanding.I'm giving it 3 stars because the hostess who took care of my take-out order was so kind, because my order was packaged so well for me to carry it home, and because the pho was a generous portion. The location is super convenient for me, but I'm not going to rush back here. My chicken pho was good, but I'm used to receiving a generous side of basil as part of my seasoning, but I didn't receive it here. I'm not sure if they forgot or they just don't include it, but I'm used to having it with my chicken pho. I'm also used to having several lime slices, while they provided only 1 for a decent serving of rice. More chicken would also have been good, especially considering it was still attached to the bone, so what they provide is pretty minimal once it's removed from the bone. Even so, my pho was pretty good. 
My shrimp rolls were pretty bland and the wrap was rather rubbery. I actually thought I was pulling plastic out of my mouth because I couldn't chew it. The shrimp was minimal. Overall, none of it really seemed fresh. I don't think anything was old or bad, but it just lacked a freshness I'm used to having with Vietnamese food. 
So, while I don't dislike this place, I'm going to stick with my tried and true, albeit less convenient go to Vietnamese restaurant, unless I'm really short on time. I'm not saying I won't return, but it definitely didn't wow me.Great food! To be honest, we have never had Vietnamese but decided to give it a try. Guys! It's so good! We started with 2 veggie rolls (Cha Gio) Pops wings and the Le Veit sliders (the buns are so soft and fluffy!) And ANY rice vermicelli dinner is great! If you like the flavors of egg rolls, you will love any vermicelli. I got the grilled chicken one and is was great. It's like a more upscale ramen with fresh veggies. All the cocktails were great with nice presentation. The inside is sleek and modern. Great for a date night or friends getting together night.Oh, you fancy, huh? Le Viet is the fanciest Vietnamese place I've been.  By appearance alone, I'd recommend a visit, maybe even as a date spot.  
The pho is solid too!  I went during their 2 year anniversary, which meant $2.22 pho.  While I figured that would mean watered-down, meatless pho, I was pleasantly surprised to find it meant nearly the exact opposite.  And despite the busy lunch rush, the staff was friendly and easy to get a hold of when needed.
If you're planning a visit, head to their website first.  You can sign up to their mailing list and get free spring rolls!Quite possibly the worst Vietnamese on the block. 
The tempura batter for the wings far outweighs the ratio to meat. The crepe, which seemed like a bad idea to begin with as this is the least desired contribution from the french influence... lacked flavor, seasoning and was soggy with oil. It looked as bad as it tasted. I still feel sick. Service was around but obviously knew the food was not providing a good experience for anyone as the table next to our sent a dish back as well. Kitchen fail.
Will never go back. Instead go to Nam Phong or Pho 75 across the street if your in the area.It's not always about the Pho! Their menu is more extensive than most other vietnamese restaurants and is much closer to real vietnamese cooking. I should know since my wife is vitenamese herself. I tried the pan fried crepes stuff with bean sprouts, the quail egg drop soup and the braised prok in a clay pot. They were all awesome!!! POrtions can be big, but it tastes so good. The food isn't very heavy so no McTummies here.Place is beautiful on the inside.  I had the lamb skewers and chicken wings for apps.  Pretty good.  Entrees were pretty bland.  Barely any meat in mine as well.  Might give it another shot because it is close to home base but I can think of better places in the city like Vietnam.We came in on a Sunday afternoon. Parking around this restaurant is a bitch by the way... 
The restaurant is pretty inside, and we were immediately seated upon arrival. We were ready for Vietnamese food! I had checked out Yelp before (obviously) and saw they serve bahn xeo. I hadn't found this dish outside of Vietnam, so I was super excited to try it out. It was pretty good and tasty, though a little on the greasy side. 
We continued our brunch going on dinner with a claypot filled with prawns, braised pork and quail eggs, and we also got the "make your own rolls" with ground beef in grape leaves. Both were delicious! The claypot very hearty and comforting, the spring rolls refreshing.
I would definitely come back to this restaurant. What I will say is that staff was very awkward. Not particularly friendly, welcoming or interested. Not rude either though. 
All in all, we had a great time and left with a satisfied and full stomach.I think this place is a VERY welcome addition to the neighborhood.  The decor is very modern and upscale - beautiful job there.  The menu is large enough to provide plenty of choice for most diners.  It is a mix of Vietnamese and Chinese dishes.
Although most of what's offered is standard fare for Vietnamese restaurants, Le Viet has elevated most dishes by using fresh ingredients and a very light hand in preparation.  The fried rice with shrimp and BBQ pork I ordered was incredibly delicious and not the least bit greasy.  Ours was a large party and we ordered two of the calamari salads served in a half pineapple - that was a big hit with the entire party.  Perfect for warm weather. 
I thought the prices were on par with those at other Vietnamese restaurants.  Most entrees were under $15.    I will definitely be making this place a regular haunt.If you want to have real good pho, Pho Ha is couple of block near here. Two stars go to the decoration and environment.The reviews were all over the place for this restaurant so I decided to check it out for myself.  Overall I would have to say the food was good and flavorful.  However the service was a bit slow and unattentive.  But I would go back again.  You have quite a few options to create a wonderful meal.  I thought the prices were fair and I did enjoy the ambience of the place.We've tried many Vietnamese restaurants in the area, but none of them has compared to our experiences at Le Viet. The contemporary design of the interior and the friendly staff add to delicious and well-prepared food. The Pho is so tasty! And they have a bar. Just a lovely experience!beautiful restaurant. decor is nice. food is cheaper than surrounding Vietnamese restaurants. service was good, although I don't think it takes 3 different waiters to wait a table of two. and it was a little awkward having the waiters stand around and stare. 
but.... definitely NOT authentic Vietnamese food. we had the special Le Viet pho and it wasn't very special. it was very flavorless. I wouldn't come back. =/Food is OK. Different kind of decor. There are some better options in the neighborhood for Vietnamese for less money.La Viet has a wonderful, chill atmosphere with great food. My coworkers and I went there as a group of 7 and had no trouble being seated for lunch at 12:30pm on a Friday. The service we had was wonderful - very nice waiters and constant refills of water. The food was tasty and came in actually reasonable amounts (not super-sized like most American obesity-influenced glutton-fests). The prices were also quite reasonable (less than $10 for great food). I would definitely come back here again.Ok, so I was surprised when I first entered the restaurant. Very nice decor, clean and airy. 
As for the food, the presentations are beautiful. The tastes and flavors are good. It is a little different from other  Vietnamese restaurants in the area. And the prices are comparable. 
The waitstaff, Hmm. 
I felt a little uncomfortable but service was fair. 
Its a nice place to bring a date and visitors if your looking for that kind of atmosphere and they don't have a liquor license yet so its BYOB for now.Of all the Viet places I've been to in Philly (just a few more than a handful), Le Viet is clearly the nicest looking.  The decor is chic and updated.  There's a bar, as well.  The servers are definitely friendly, helpful and thoughtful.  
The food is alright by me, if anything a little heavy on the salt.  I've been there two or three times, and each time the food is better than most other places I've been to (including Nam Phuong).  I'm a big fan of their summer rolls, lettuce wrap dishes, and soups (even the pho).  
You should definitely visit Le Viet, and feel free to take a date there if they're into that cuisine.