Legal Sea Foods has truly gone gonzo for global. I found them in the Philadelphia International Airport while waiting for a flight home. Had about an hour and one half so I sat down for some delicious Yuengling , 23oz, icy cold and food. Ordered some Kumamoto oysters, I know they're small, have had them several times before, but these should not have been served. They were actually almost non-existent, period. Very disappointing. 
On the bright side, the Fruite De Mare Cesar Salad was phenomenal. Cajun grilled shrimp, mussels both steamed and marinated, clams, grilled calamari, marinated clams, shredded Boston lettuce with a nice balsamic vinaigrette - it was really not a Cesar dressing but this was delicious anyway. The shrimp were large and flavorful, nicely grilled, the seafood was all fresh, even the marinated mussels and clams were excellent. The calamari was tender and charred just right. Lettuce was crisp. Croutons to boot. A complete success and quite a deal at about $15.95. Lesson learned, don't order Kumamoto's out of season in an airport. Otherwise, nice.They've got some pretty good drinks here..check out their specialy menu!Had dinner here on a lay over at PHL. This would be a 5 star review except it took a while for a server to greet me and my order was slightly off. My swordfish was excellent! Tender and moist with a sauce that complimented the fish without overpowering it. The sides were ok. The key lime pie was very good with a nice presentation. It is a little pricey but not out of line for having to deal with airport regulations.I won't eat here on my own coin because it ain't cheap, but when on business?!  You better believe it!  It's fantastic!  I'm from Maryland originally and I'm a critic of crab cakes. Most crab cakes don't come close. The crab cake here?  Outstanding!!!  Actually one of the best I've ever had. The scallops and shrimp were grilled to perfection. I chose the lite NE clam Chowder and didn't regret one bite!!
Three Mojitos and finished with a bowl of ice cream and I had a memorable meal. My waitress Jennifer was on her game and super friendly. 
Officially Phillies best restaurant and didn't let down the Legal Sea Foods brand by being in an airport terminal. Fantastic. I'm in love.Exceptional clam chowder! Stopped by to put a few down before my flight to grunge town!On a nightmare of a miserable day stuck in rainy Philly instead of being in a tropical paradise, dealing with the awful american airlines we really needed some positive. The staff here was really amazing, comped us some soups and helped us find cool things to do and a place to stay overnight. Really above and beyond , they gave me hope we can salavage this trip.  Thanks guys!Quick bite to eat before flight.   Sat at bar, great service.  Had the lunch special of shrimp and avocado!  Lite but good!We had Greek salad, salmon, lobster role, and chicken tenders it was all great. This is a great place to go to if you have dinner in the Philadelphia airport!Actually, I wanted to give Legal Sea Foods at the Philadelphia airport 3+ stars.  The entire airport on a Sunday afternoon was a madhouse.  Legal Sea Foods was noisy, crowded and customers were waiting for a table.
Unfortunately to avoid a wait I chose to sit at a small communal table with backless wooden stools.  Extremely uncomfortable.  I realize airport restaurants are expensive to operate, but everything felt crowded and pushed together.  My back was to the bar and I was frequently bumped by people passing by. It's like the restaurant is committed to making every inch count.  Not a relaxing atmosphere to enjoy a rather pricey dinner.
I lived in Boston for l4 years and was pleased to see scrod on the menu.  It was okay, but not the best by far that I've ever had.  The pale crumbs on the top needed to be browned.  I had to ask for rolls, which were excellent.  The string onion rings were very good as was the polenta.  The meal came out from the kitchen hot and the plate was also hot. The wait for the food to arrive was less than I anticipated after seeing how busy they were.
The server was attentive.  She checked back several times and gave me a to go cup of iced tea to send me on my way.  Looking around, I saw other servers hustling and being attentive to the customers. Considering how busy Legal Sea Foods was, that's pretty impressive.Had a 4 hour layover in Philly due to flight delays. Had a lot of time to kill and Legal had the best Yelp reviews, so I gave it a shot. The service was attentive and very friendly. The seafood was VERY fresh and delicious. I got the NE Clam Chowder, shellfish sampler (2 little necks, 3 cherrystones, and 3 oysters all raw). Perfection. I also had the Maryland Crab Cake and a House Salad along with w glasses of Sauvignon Blanc.  Airport restaurant or not, this place has their act together. Stop in if you find yourself on a layover, or delay in Philly, you'll be glad you did.Great gluten free selections (many, many choices...and we're not talking only salads here). Nice beverage selection and friendly staff. This is one of the few places where I've been able to have GF fish and chips. Huge portions and the seafood is yummy.Best food at an airport ever! Ridiculously good!!
FRESH seafood! Salad was excellent! Deserts and drinks rocked!One of my favorite restaurant chains.
You can always count on fresh, delicious and tasty seafood options.
I had the grilled salmon and seafood gumbo, it was all delicious.
I also like they have a phone charger under the bar .Friendly and helpful bartenders. Definitely recommend the crab cake sandwich. It's mostly crab and not filler (what a novel concept). Tastes great! Good dining experience when passing through Philly airport.Breakfast there this morning before the bothersome trek to terminal f. Catch the bus to catch the flight, yuck. Quiet place to have a full breakfast, which is not a meal that first comes to mind with this chain. Three eggs seemed more like two. And one measly slice of toast made it feel even skimpier.  Guy next to me drank two coors lights before 9 am. I was impressed. Then I saw the pilot's wings....just kidding. Cheerful service early in the morning rescued the third star. Otherwise it's 2 stars only for charging full price for what appeared to be 2/3rds portions.Excellent. Not your typical airport restaurant. Would bring my family here on vacation it is so delicious.Despite the frigid cold January temperatures, the first thing I noticed when sitting down here for dinner was how hot and stuffy it was.  While I accept the explanation that the temperature is controlled by the airport, it would be a good idea if the restaurant installed a few ceiling fans.  Even the waiter was perspiring from the excessive heat.   I can only wonder what it's like in the kitchen.  But the waiter was super nice and friendly and my food arrived promptly.   The salmon had a fancy name with several adjectives and was supposed to be "seared."   It tasted exactly like the previously frozen salmon I buy in the supermarket and bake in the oven - not at all impressed.  The prices was moderate, but the quality of the food and preparation leave much to be desired.   I doubt I'll be back.I just love Legal and was heartbroken when DCA replaced them with Harry's Tap Room. On a recent trip to Europe, one of the few reasons I will fly to PHL, we added extra layover for safety and lunch. We knew long before we left the ground at BWI not only where we we going but what we were having, lobster roll with fries and clam chowder! 
    Two hours of anticipation and it was as good as we had hoped. Many airport places sling hash at you so quickly that enjoying a leisurely meal is not an option, not here. Our server asked how much time we had, and having plenty, the speed of service was relaxed and helped us whittle away much of our layover. 
   Thanks Legal for bringing some class to PHL. If the airport ground crew could onlyoperate as well as the staff at Legal, then many PHL would no longer be one of the worst airports on the East coast.Overpriced. Food so tiny I had to search for it with my magnifying glass. Who can ruin french fries? Legal Seafood did! They were dried out and tasteless. I should have eaten my shoe laces instead.  The crab cake had too much gloppy sauce on it...reminded me of big MAC sauce...I didn't want a big mac, I wanted a crab cake!  Spinach was tasteless. The calamari was horrid!  Dried out and tasteless. My daughter refused to eat it and she loves calamari. Very rubbery.  For an upscale place, I was shocked.Delicious and fast service! I sat at the bar on a long layover and had a lovely experience. The person behind the bar was very knowledgeable and friendly and the atmosphere wasn't too crowded. I was going to order the fried clams but when prompted about food allergies I let her know I couldn't ingest dairy. She said there definitely was buttermilk in the batter so I chose the seared shrimp instead! It was amazing. I got the brown rice and seaweed salad as my sides (to pretend to be healthy) and I have never been more pleasantly surprised. The brown rice was AMAZING. Like. So. Good. It has leeks in it I guess? I've never been more glad to have brown rice on my plate, and that's saying something. The shrimp was well seasoned and the server made sure to tell me the kitchen made sure to not use dairy. I ate with reckless abandon and inhaled that rice, I've never loved brown rice so much. And I think my favorite finishing touch was the fact that I got my check immediately after my order was put in (so I wouldn't have to suddenly dash for my gate and have to wait to pay or anything! I just put down the cash, said goodbye and left at my leisure! And the bartender even offered to put my ginger ale in a to go cup which I kindly declined but wow that's nice). Also, paper straws. So nice, such a small thing to most people, but a nice feeling for me. If I'm ever here again at PHL (very likely) then I'm coming here if I have the time between flights. Thank you!Had time to kill waiting for a flight back home so since they had a big bar with TV's playing sports, I figured I had found my home for the next 3 hours.
I asked for a Bud Light, and was told they were out - would a regular Bud do? Sure. That was only the hint of what was to follow. I had 1 or 4 Buds and decided to order a bite to eat. The crabcake sandwich was decent, a lot more bun than crabcake but the flavor was good. Not the best but still pretty good.
I'm eating and enjoying my Bud when there's a little flurry of discussion among the bartenders - there were about 6 of them! Seems all the beer on tap was out. No draft beer? On a Monday afternoon? How can this happen? But I figure, no worries, I'm drinking nice frosty bottles of Bud. 
I ask one of the myriad bartenders if they could replace my once again empty bottle with a new, better, full one. Uh, sorry sir, we're all out. But they did offer to get me some other local beer that is gluten-free. No thanks, I said. I paid and left, wondering how this could have happened. I've never ever ever seen a bar run out of beer before. All the other guests at the bar were commenting on it too.Due to a late connection flight, we went twice to the resto.
We had a cocktail, the tuna burger with fries and the lobster ravioli (this was too salty).
I guess it was just a bad choice from us ; in general we like it here.Missed my connecting flight by 15 minutes, thanks US Air, so I had three hours to kill in PHL.  Took a look around at options and decided I would give Legal Sea Foods a try.  I was immediately impressed by the power strips under the bar that allow you to charge up your phone will you dine, now that's an idea whose time has come.  Menu was good and I liked how they provide calorie, fat, sodium information right there on the menu for each item.  I was deciding between the grilled trout or the fish and chips but thanks to the nutrition guide I went with the trout.  Boy was I glad I did, the trout was great...much better than I was expecting, and the sides were tasty as well.  What I thought would be a long three hour wait was actually pretty decent as I ate good food, drank good beer and watched some basketball before I had to make my connection.This is the best sit down restaurant at the Philly Airport.  If you have time this is the place to eat while flying.  They are a medium end sea food restaurant located close to terminal B.  If I eat dinner here, I usually have the Crab Cakes which are chunky and not too breaded.
I am having breakfast here today.  Their omelette are fluffy and made with fresh ingredients.  They have very good bacon.
The bottom line is if you are flying and need to eat at the airport, this is the place to do it.Nice clean bar.  Nice bartenders.  If you are in PA, then stop here and get a drink and a lobster roll!!!!I'm in this Legal location 3-4 times a month. Service at breakfast today was terrible. 18 minutes after taking a seat to get a server to my table. Another 15 minutes to get food. After I finished eating the check was already on my table. I then waited 23 minutes for them to take the check and process it. The only reason I ever cashed out was because the manager walked by and I flagged him down. Pathetic service and they weren't even busy. Very disappointed!Outstanding gluten free menu with lots of delicious options. I was torn between the popcorn shrimp and greek salad. I went with the popcorn shrimp and it was excellent, served with 2 GF sauces. The manager came to the table (unrequested) to assure me that all precautions were taken for GF preparation. The service was fast and friendly and price very reasonable. Exceptional. Ill be looking for Legal Seafoods in every city from now on!Chowda just so so but great service.Good sit down breakfast after a long redeye flight. French toast was good, light and fluffy, and with powdered sugar and strawberries. Scrambled eggs were of course good. Bacon was both undercooked and overcooked at the same time - not a compliment. Their coffee is the worst in my memory of years of drinking coffee, it tastes like yesterday's coffee, and they're charging $3.25 for it. Do yourself a favor and hit the Starbucks first across the corridor if you're thinking of eating here.Stuck in this airport for nearly 24 hours.  Couldn't find a nicer spot to try some local beers. Got a plate of fried shrimp & scallops last night.   It was good.  Got a wedge salad today w grilled shrimp- super!   The staff was very friendly!   Really made the difference of being better than just another airport bar!Great option for long layovers or flight delays. Had some great food and wine.  Service was great as well.Definitely one of the best restaurants in an airport I have ever been to! Fish and chips were great, the fish melts in your mouth. They serve onion straws with it too as an added surprise!I know and love Legal Seafood - the Philadelphia airport location is worthy. The waiter's first question was, "How is your time?" The best possible question for that location. I asked for my salmon cooked - not seared - and it was excellent. Service was very good!was so surprised on a recent trip back from sf to have stumbled upon this place. a glass of white wine and a greek salad made for the perfect tasty, light meal between flights. my fiance had been craving tuna and was amped that they had not only tuna steak but a freakin good one. i can vouch since i snuck some bites as well. and while i tried to refrain...my willpower was no match for their perfectly warm and buttery rolls! mmmmmazing.If you are tired and sleep deprived, sick of the garbage from the last flight segment, you MUST stop into Legal. For just a few dollars more than a cold tasteless sandwich from the magazine vendor, you get a real meal, a Legal meal!
Staff is fast and attentive, they know you have a flight to catch. But if you tell them you have a 2 hour layover, they will not rush you, nor will they ignore you.  Good food, great seafood, wonderful chowder, New England style of course!
If you get the calamari appetizer, you can get it regular, spicy, garlicky or both spicy And garlicky!!!  Be careful if you have a sensitive stomach, or a delicate mouth, it can be spicy.
Salads are big, fresh and tasty.
Entrees are large and filling.
Sandwiches are big and filled.
If you are rolling in there alone, get a soup and salad, or a soup and appetizer. If you fly by two, spilt an entree and an appetizer.
Traveling with kids?  I saw about 6 tables with kids, and theirs were actually eating the food. Also they have plastic carry out sippy cups for the kids with straws. Nice.
Staff is great, a couple of real cuties too. Makes me want to stay a little longer....The light clam chowder is quit tasty and light.. Service is quick and staff is very attentive, considering all the transiting customers.. I will be backWouldn't recommend this place. I got the crab roll for much and I got really sick after eating it. Not just that but the salad was not fresh and the fries were hard.Busy place.  
Good food. Good service.  
A little pricey and they definitely push you through. But worth the visit if you have the time at the airport.What a disappointment!  I ordered the $15.95 shrimp cocktail. 5 medium shrimp - that's it!  What a rip off.   
On the other hand, the gazpacho was very good, giving them an extra star.   
At least is was healthyBoston's regular guy seafood place for 60 years.
It can be expensive, but there are some values.,, try the bluefish with mustard.
The waterfront location near the Convention Center overlooking Logan airport has the best view and indoor fishing on Saturdays!Claw chowder was awesome but crab cake missed. To much time under a flame and arrived with a dark tan. Slightly over cooked on top but the
Middle was good. Small amounts of a breading filler!!! That's a No/No. I'd eat there again. We have one in king of Prussia that I have been to multiple times with no problems.Have eaten at Legal Sea Foods in Boston and had much higher expectations. My chowder came out room temperature. The lobster roll was in no way authentic. The waiter had serious attitude.Whenever in the Phillly airport, this is where I go to eat. It's a nice haven away from some of the less friendly Philadelphian airport locations and employees :/ The servers are polite and food here is consistently good. It's also open when many other establishments are still closed (6am in morning, no problem).Not bad. Easily the best thing in this hole of food related despair known as PHL. Scrod was tasty but very slightly on the overcooked side, and it needed salt. Portion size was very good.
The fried clams are awesome!I was so excited to see the gluten free on this menu. However, the bun was not that great. I am new to gluten free and have had some great local items so I was disappointed. Lobster was good. My husband had the greek salad with chicken which was very good.Great meal with great service from Dave. Not what you expect to get at the airport. Clam chowder was excellent, so rich and full of clans. Greek salad was good, get extra feta and olives. Boston Cream pie is also very good.Inattentive and rushed service - the servers were only interested in getting finished for the night. I could actually overhear the manager berating the hostess for seating me - way to make your customers feel welcome! 
My pitiful Mediterranean Salmon came out half raw. It then took me 10 minutes for a server to reappear so I could ask them to cook it properly. The best thing I could say about it is that it was edible. 
Miraculously, my check appeared before I'd even finished eating. 
In order not to inconvenient the staff further, I will never eat here again.It was #tbt for me. Except T is for Tuesday in this case. My two-day trip to Philly made me pretty homesick for the four years I spent in Boston so imagine the pleasant surprise when I walked by Legal Sea Foods on my way back to the west coast. I sprinted to the self-seating bar, elbowing people out of my way in the style of a true northeastern city girl. 
The Sam Adams Oktoberfest was a beer to remember and was just the thing to assure a full night's sleep on my flight. The crab roll was surprisingly huge and stuffed full of fresh crab with just enough mayo to give it some flavor. A little heavy on the black pepper but not enough to keep me from taking huge bites and washing it down with beer!Ordered 6 pieces Oyster started my 4 hours waiting at airport on my way back SF. Then, it's Lobster time. LOL man, that was a LOT of food! Damn, I was food stoned after all. Especially, plus two glass Champaign cocktail. Long story short, sea food was pretty fresh. Service is very friendly and helpful, I didn't waste any time on waiting. Nice spot!This is a new place, if you can get to it go.  I had breakfast and it was really good.  Coffee is great, and the eggs were cooked perfect.Worst service I've ever received. After ordering a drink I was told that the table is only for dinner and we can take the next drink from the bar. Basically kicked out from the table with the worst attitude possible. The server Kathryn M. was very unprofessional.I think the name of this place is hilarious, but the food here is too good to boot. Really a fantastic place with tons of fresh options and really good quality dishes. The service is great and really friendly.Perfect example of service! My waiter, Lucas H did a fabulous job. Very attentive and on the spot. Food (breakfast) was done exactly as expected. Other places in airports could learn from this place.For an airport restaurant this place is great. The food is comparable to but not quite as good as eating at Legal in Boston which is a staple. While the food is great for an airport restaurant, what really sets them apart is the great service. I had David as a server and he definitely has taking care of travelers on the go to a science, but still has the art of a fine server who is great at his craft.I don't like reviewing chains, but I'm waiting for an airplane and the food was just really good! The Legal Seafoods at the Philadelphia International Airport was surprisingly good! Not a lot of seating, and it is seat yourself so you have to grab whatever's open. I had the chopped Greek salad with chicken and it was very good! Fresh,crisp lettuce which I don't have great luck with, and the dressing was delicious! Our waiter was very good, and I liked her very much! It took us overall about an hour to get in and out, and that's what you want when you are trying to catch a flight. I highly recommend coming in heat of you are looking for a bite to eat before you get on your flight!Wow! I was looking for something quick for lunch and stop by to try the calamari and DAMN very tasty. Nice big pieces, lightly breaded, and the peppers set it off! Also the hostess is a cutie.Quaint restaurant that makes for the perfect spot to wait for your boarding call.  
I usually find a spot at the bar quite easily and service is quick and kind.  They have a good number of flat screen tvs strategically placed so you can get your news and sports fill simultaneously.
I fell in love with wedge salad topped with jumbo lump crab.   The salad comes out fast and is delicious.  The bartenders are quick to top off your drink, which in my case was an ice water with lemon.
Enjoy!Very busy, always clean, very tasty, always fresh, but it's the staff that make this my go to place when at PHL.  They remember frequent travelers are always friendly and accommodating of special requests.
Unlike the Legal Seafood in Washington at DCA, this place makes an unadulterated fried clam.  Decent beer selection and speedy raw bar.
If you're lucky, Edwyn will serve your table.
The only drawback is that there is not much space for your suitcase.Great food and great service. This restaurant is always busy, but if you have to wait, it is worth it.  The crab cake is wonderful.  For dessert, try the Key Lime pie.  A fabulous treat with a fantastic lime flavor.  Living in Florida, Key Lime pie is everywhere, but here, it is the best.  Staff is very friendly and there is not a long wait for your food.It's usually busy, the service is not always great, the prices are very high, and the place can smell like disinfectant at times.   However, their lobster roll is probably the best airport food I've ever eaten - and I've flown over a million miles in the last 15 years.  The wine and beer list isn't bad either, I've trekked over from the United gates just to get a lobster roll here.  It's that good.Among the different Legal Sea Foods restaurants scattered among the East Coast, this one is perhaps the least favorite which I have visited.  Offered to sit in a poor table right in middle of the busy floor, when there other openings along the side - I simply asked to be moved.  Clams poorly fried, with old oil that was not hot enough (result = greasy, weird taste). Poor service, bread provided to some tables and not others, no refills offered. 
Legal Sea Foods is generally decent, but unfortunately, this location is PHL is just not up to their normal standards.After reading the reviews I gave a try an glad I did... Good service, good food but best part was sitting at back bar seats watching the kitchen folks do magic... Clean an doing more than needed... Checking food temperature with meter... Did I say Clean... Guys busted an busted... Acalaides to the crew...This restaurant is a high end restaurant even though it is in the airport. They have a full bar with 8 beers on tap and all the well drinks. 
I would suggest sitting at the bar (professional bartenders, speedy, pay attention to detail and friendly) and order a SPICY fish and chip. My lunch costed me $29 but worth it.Being a traveler who sometimes will try to fly "stand-by", I find myself with some time to explore different eating establishments at the airport.  It is easy to go for "fast food", but sometimes you are not in the mood for it.  I decided to have a "sit-down" meal and I am glad I picked "Legal Sea Foods".  The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  I also appreciated the power outlets underneath the bar area - so you can charge your phone while eating and waiting on your flight!! 
The food is good and I felt that the prices were not the typical high airport costs that some restaurants " tend to do to passengers.
I would return on future trips and I recommend to other flyers passing through Philadelphia's International Airport.Naimah was one of the best bartenders I have found in an airport. A rare gem. She may be over worked but still takes care of the customers with a smile. I personally watched her take care of several different peoples areas and made it look easy. 
I ordered a few Drewers on the rocks and popcorn shrimp. I love just people watching. Great experience, "I'll be back".Good ambience but the food tasted like it was double deep fried. Have had much better seafood in Phoenix. Wont be back.Best damn airport food!  Clam cream bisque is to die for!I had extra time before my flight back to LAX from PHL and all I thought about all day was this awesome salad I ate almost on the daily when based in DC... FAIL. No longer on the menu. I am finding that having a gluten allergy is a bit of a challenge in my world. The waitress gave me a gluten free menu. WIN. I ordered a light clam chowder and a salad with crab on the side.. So weird that it came with the most sickening creamy, cheesy smelling , awful tasting dressing. Some parmesan stuff. Tip: IF you order this salad or even with the shrimp as my colleague did, ask for a citrus type dressing. The creamy parmesan was overkill and too much for this type of salad with seafood. The staff was nice... helpful. BUT the service is not quick for take out. You wait in the concourse as the staff walks out your bill , your credit card or change and then your food. It's just a little disorganized. I really wasn't impressed when I finally got to eat what I ordered. For $22 (that being discounted ).. I had a small salad and a small light chowder. Besides the actual crab , I saw no reason for this price. But if you want healthy in PHL , this is probably your best option. It's just not what it was:-(Hands down the best place to eat in the Philly airport. Just like all the Legal Sea Foods the seafood is fresh, the staff is great and they have power strips under the bar-top so I can re-charge my phone.  Only bad thing I have to say is that it's located inside the airport. I wish they had one in Philly proper!Stopped in for a quick bite and a drink. Service prompt. Had salad and it was good.  Drinks are ok.  Price extremely highI had a couple hours to kill before flying to Glasgow so I was happily surprised to see a Legal Seafoods at PHL! 
Line looked long but moved quickly. I was able to score a seat at the bar within minutes and order their classic crab cake sandwich that comes with a boatload of fries and a little scoop of coleslaw ($16.95).  Crab cake was all delicious lump crab, none of the filler, served on a buttered bun. Coleslaw had more mayonnaise than I cared for but also had the touch of sweetness that I enjoy.
No time for a sit down meal? No worries. You can place a carry out order.My favorite place to eat seafood and feel safe Because it's fresh 
love the calamari and the MARTINIVery fast service and the food is always good. I get either the crab cake (lunch) or an omelett (breakfast) when I'm at PHL.I had the fisherman so stew and it was ok, not great,  needed more broth. The garlic bread was too hard to eat. My daughter had fish and chips, more bread than fish but the onion strings were great.   The clam chowder was fine, again not great. The Bloody Mary was made with horseradish instead of tobacco as I am used to. It was spicy but good. Our waiter was good and attentive. When we got to our gate my daughter realized she left her sweater in the booth and went back. The people sitting there said the person that seated them took the sweater. The people seating patrols said no sweater was found and none of the staff found it. Because of this attitude I gave it one star. Prices are high, expected at a U.S. Restaurant in an airportThe soup was very good, small portion of clams.. Would have gotten four stars with bigger portion and seasoned a little more. The clam strips were a mix if whole belly and not, for the price it was a very small portion. The cheese cake was on the verge of frozen, nice to have it cold but a little over done. 
Overall a very pleasing location, and still in an airport, who would of thought! Oh, and the server Excellent!!burnt tasting clams or more closely to "old oil taste": they said they change the oil (only) once per day at 11am and this was only 2 pm
not up to legal seafood standards - been going to lsf around the country for 35 yr and elsewhere they are still my favorites
But the clam chowder was great !Service was prompt and friendly. They even cleared a table for me, a lone patron, so I could avoid sitting at the very crowded bar. 
Food was good. I ordered the fish and chips and it came out hot and fresh. 
Prices weren't the lowest, but not shocking for an airport location. Besides, with this level of food and service at an airport, I am happy to pay a higher price.The manager here was very attentive to the whole place, but especially to me. Glad to see he's on top of things. I had scallops which were well cooked and flavored with a light vinaigrette. My sides were potatoes and broccoli. I was seated at a long bar-like table as a single. It was a bit dark in there to read. Of choices in this airport, this is about the best for sit down dining. I had a good experience and will return if I ever again have time.Best restaurant in PHL without a doubt. Tuna was way over cooked but I'm still coming back again and again.What a great find!  Not airport food at all.   Crab cakes were delicious, full of tender crab meat, the salmon melted in your mouth and service was excellent.  Seating in booths was very comfortable with none of the rushed cramped quarters of most airport restaurants. Would recommend.Wow! I was looking for something quick for lunch and stop by to try the calamari and DAMN very tasty. Nice big pieces, lightly breaded, and the peppers set it off! Also the hostess is a cutie.Legal Sea Foods is an east coast thing so whenever I'm on the east sideeeee, I try and stop in at Legal Seafoods. I was excited to see it at an airport, so we stopped in and got seated. I ordered the crab meat roll which, they were really generous with the crab meat, there were amples of it and the cole slaw on the side was really fresh and homemade. Not the canned crap you taste at some places. 
My husband got the fried fish sandwich and my daughter got the fish sticks and fries. We ordered a cup of clam chowder but our waitress never brought it to us, it's ok though because she never charged us for it either. Also, our rolls were really filling, I had no idea. It kind of worked out that we didn't get the clam chowder. Everything was pretty pricey too so our meal was $68 after taxes and tips, that's quite a bit for airport food. Nonetheless, the waitress was kind, responded to our requests for new ketchup bottle and everyone greeted us and said goodbye. Even the manager came by with more grapes for my daughter, even though we were leaving, very cool.Great airport option for good food and solid service.  Consistent staff knows the menu and provides solid suggestions.  Even when the place is busy I can find an open stool in the large bar area.  My go to is the caesar salad with crab and a "lager" (a.k.a. Yuengling).  This place makes it worth showing up a little early to PHL.
Mental note: electric outlets for each bar stool.Excellent Hostess and Server service. Asked for a big plate to share with wife and was brought already divided. The drinks were well done. Professional, Timely and Friendly.these are the notes i wrote sitting at the bar and eating, waiting for a flight...see if you can make sense of it.  good luck.  enjoy!
bartender nice
clam chowder ok
where's my fn salads?
salmon equals chicken
crab cakes.  small saladHands down the best place to eat in the Philly airport. Just like all the Legal Sea Foods the seafood is fresh, the staff is great and they have power strips under the bar-top so I can re-charge my phone.  Only bad thing I have to say is that it's located inside the airport. I wish they had one in Philly properAs far as Airport meals go Legal Sea Foods are always solid. Fast service, and quality product.I'd heard of Legal Sea Foods from a past visit to Boston but had not eaten there. I was pleased to find LSF in the Philly airport! As I got through security with enough time for a sit down meal in this little hub, I went for it!
Tuna burger and salmon were well prepared, visually appealing, and tasty! We had fresh veg on the side. It was proper nutrition and it was in the airport! (I worried about feeling ill having this meal before a flight but upon reflection, isn't fried fast food a greater risk than real food?!)
+ Atmosphere is nice...
/ ...though you're basically elbow to elbow with other diners.
+ My server was terrific!
+ It was dinner time and food came fast.
- Pricey.
Legal Sea Foods is a must do when you have an hour or more to spend at Philly Airport!I had 30 to burn before my flight and saw someone eating my favorite dish: crab cakes.
I ordered one, it was the lightly cooked unfried one that melts in your mouth instead of crunches with breading. Definately worth it, i'll come back just for this item each time I connect in PA.Always a good meal.   The calamari is great.  Add a wedge salad and a couple of nice pours on the scotch and you have a definite winner.    Ask for Joseph.  He is usually tending bar.  Knows his stuff and fantastic service.   A must when at the Philly airport.This review pertains to their PHL airport location.   They also have one in the King of Prussia Mall that is 20 miles or so north of the airport.  I ordered the Lobster bake which included a cup (which the called a bowl) of New England Clam Chowder, a 1 - 1.25 lb lobster, about 20 clams, and a chunk of sausage.  I found the best part of the meal to be the Clam Chowder.  Served hot with nice sized chunks of potato and clam, and just overall the right consistency for the soup.  The lobster and clams weren't bad, but also not memorable.  The sausage was definitely the low point, but maybe it was just there for affect.  I would eat here again, but will probably try a traditional lobster or crab roll unless I'm lucky enough to visit one of their sites in Boston or along the coast.It's Legal Seafood.  If you have the time and money, it's probably better than any other food you'll get at the airport.Great eats, especially for an airport joint where pace seems to normally outweigh quality. This place has it both. Great oysters and specialty cocktails. Probably best restaurant in the Philadelphia airport. Nice-ish atmosphere too.Unlike some of the other reviewers, I did not have a good experience.  I told them I had 30 minutes between flights and was told to sit at the bar because it was "super fast."   That might generally be true but the bartender was so inattentive that I lost valuable time and was stressed out the whole time.  
The food came 20 minutes in and I gobbled it down.  I had fish and chips and the fish was overbattered--thick and heavy, hard to taste the fish itself which was actually pretty good.  
Not someplace to go if you're in a hurry and in any case disappointing food.Picture a shitty Applebee's at the airport that exclusively serves seafood. It's not good. If you are trying to get a drink before a flight go for it. Just don't order any food.Good place for personal service, quality food for airport standards, decent clam chowder, and beer on tap. Attentive staff, inviting atmosphere.Flew all night from CA, had 3 hours til my next flight, I wanted a good breakfast and coffee. Good food, excellent service, thanks Joseph O!This place serves one of the best restaurant crab cakes that I have had to date! Their crab cakes are delicious and have just enough filler to hold them together but not hide the scrumptious-buttery crab meat!    Every time I have an opportunity to stop here between flights, this is my go to!
Unfortunately, my latest visit to Legal Seafood had left me wondering if I'll return.  I'm not a prude and I do realize that the bartenders do their best-most times, to accommodate patrons!  But to seat at the bar and have not one of the 3 bartenders present acknowledge you for at least 10 minutes is ridiculous!  Finally, after continually trying to make eye contact every time one of them was close enough to me I was asked what I wanted to drink.  I asked for and iced tea and a crab cake appetizer to go.  The bartender then informed me that if I wanted a to go order, I should have just placed an order at the hostess stand.  He then turned to walk away-I said excuse me but could I please still order an iced tea.  He said they don't serve iced tea and turned his back to me once again.  
Well, his attitude made me decide to just leave and patron another restaurant were I felt I wasn't a bother.  This place gets loads of traffic so I'm sure this review won't even get noticed.  But if customer service is important to you then maybe you should just keep it moving and spend your limited layover time somewhere else!If you have time to waste- this is the place! 
I had a lengthy layover and a few flight attendants recommended Legal Sea Foods as it is a sit down restaurant with a bar. Food was great, I had the Greek salad with crabmeat which was large in size. Service was fast and friendly.
There was a pretty large crab shell found in the salad, server said it happens with crabs.....Ehh - Nothing off this menu will blow your mind except the price your paying to eat in the mall.A quaint restaurant that makes for a solid location to wait for boarding call.  
I usually find a spot at the bar quite easily and service is always swift and kind.  They have a good number of flat screen tvs strategically placed so you can get your fill of both the news and sports simultaneously.
I fell in love with Legal's wedge salad topped with jumbo lump crab.   It is almost becoming sore-flight tradition.  The salad comes out fast and they are generous with the succulent crab topping.
Enjoy!UPDATE -- Well, here we go again a week later on 8/9/18. I order an omelet with crab meat. Several mins later the server comes back and informs me they're out of crab meat. You're a seafood restaurant. Really? One of your signature dishes is crab cakes. How can you be out of crab meat? The person next to me ordered a mimosa and was told they're out of sparking champagne. This place is a disaster and such a disappointment.Deep fried sawdust!
So, my work takes me to a lot of airports.  I can't say that my expectations are ever very high for concourse dining.
But Legal Seafods in the PHL airport will be memorable - and not in a good way.
I ordered the Spicy Fish & Chips.  I like beer battered fish and chips.  I would have been happy with average fish & chips.  First - not spicy.  At all!  Second - no flavor whatsoever.  Really!  Never have I tasted a fish so bland.  I kept pouring malt vinegar on just to add any flavor.  Third - the texture was so "mealy," it could have been sawdust , , , or finely ground cardboard . . .or tasteless mashed potatoes.  
The chips were average frozen french fries.  Not good, not terrible.
As an appetizer I had the clam chowder.  It was good.  Legal Seafoods clam chowder is decent and I'm sure this was reheated factory produced chowder.  But it was good.
The only real advantage of this meal was it used up a chunk of the long wait I had for a delayed flight.The breakfast food was good. Service was not. It wasn't that busy but has only two servers on and a manager and they were all very overwhelmed. I know you are in an airport but still have to manage your business better.There are a few decent options in the Philly Airport for a hungry traveler with time to kill. The usual fast food places have concessions there. Panda Express, McDonalds, Dunkin' Donuts and the like are available. OK. Jimmy Dugan's Irish Pub is down on the A concourse. You can get something there. 
Legal Sea Foods offers the closest to a real restaurant experience you can find at the airport. Not fine dining (try the wine bar for classy sips and nosh), but "nice" dinning to be sure. 
The salmon burger was interesting. It did not burst with salmon flavor, or actually any distinct flavor, but was good. Think of a "spa-burger," not quite crab, not quite salmon, not quite whitefish, but reasonably tasty. The fries were fresh from the fryer and a hearty accompaniment. The "Old Fashioned Old Fashion" from the bar was too sweet. 
Legal Sea Foods is serviceable. Passing fair.The best lobster i ever tasted in my whole life!!!!!! but the prices are my my expensive our bill came to $225 for 3 people smh but def worth itCompared to other options in the airport, this restaurant is great. Otherwise it's mediocre. I ordered the lobster roll and key lime pie with an allagash white Belgium beer. The lobster roll was underwhelming and over priced but paired well with the allagash beer. The key lime pie was really good. The seating by the bar has outlets which is convenient in an airport and service was ok. If you arent stuck in the airport, I would recommend exploring China Town and nearby restaurants for better options.much better than most airport food spots. The service is ok and it's not too crowded either.
But i like the legal sea foods in boston better. The clam platter does not taste as fresh as the ones they serve in boston, but given it's located inside an aiport, i'd say it's pretty goodDining Date January 11, 2015 for a bar snack. 
Stopped in while waiting for my flight. Crabmeat sandwich was very good. Beer selection at the bar was good. Was very hot in the bar area making it a bit uncomfortable.  WiFi signal is weak if you're looking to connect while waiting for your flight.As far as airport restaurants go, they don't get any better.  I eat here every time I fly out of Philly.Better than average airport food.
It is airport "fine dining" 
which means you have to be willing to pay a bit extra, 
and you need to have enough time before your flight to be able to taste your food.
But if all of the above applies to you,
you can get pretty good seafood (fried scallops in my particular case),
pretty good sides (steamed broccoli and seaweed salad in my particular case)
and the bar pours some decent whiskies.
It is a nice place to sit.
If you are stuck between flights, you often have to eat really really mediocre food.
At Legal's, you may still be stuck, but you won't be poisoned at the same time.If there's a Legal Sea Food in an airport, I usually try to get there.  This one just happened to be across from my gate.  I had breakfast there.  Breakfast at Legal's? Who knew?
Sat at the bar and had a decent three egg and bacon plate with a pretty good cup of coffee.  
Not much more to say other than the waitress could have been a little more attentive, especially in a location where people tend to be in a hurry.  My coffee cup would sit completely empty for several minutes at a time.  I guess that's to be expected at a location where they don't really cultivate a repeat crowd.First of, grossly over priced, even for an airport restaurant. I had the gumbo and crab cake appetizers. 
The gumbo was lacking any flavor and the shrimp in it were akin to the small frozen shrimp you purchase at the grocery store, they also had no flavor. 
The crab cake was pretty good but nothing to write home about. The small salad that was on the plate with it was so overdressed that I couldn't get past the first bite. 
My server was great but the fact that he was smelling like last nights alcohol didn't help the overall experience.Yum. If you happen to have to stick around in PHL, treat yourself and go here. Especially when this airport has failed me many times. Oh I wish this place has been there through those times. 
Anyway, this is just like other Legal Sea Foods in airports. Fast, friendly service, and good food. While not spectacular, it's definitely a treat comparing to other airport foods.
The bar is good too.
Get the clam chowder!Stopped in for a quick bite during quick flight into PHL. We were pleasantly surprised to find a Legal Sea Foods in the airport and were not disappointed as the quality was on par with that of other Legal Sea Foods in the Boston area.  Shellfish sampler and clam chowder are a must!I sat at the bar. The waiter was very attentive and informative about the dishes. He answered all my questions. I ended up getting the crab cake combo ( served with shrimp skewer and scallops w greens on the side) This crab cake is about 95% lump crab meat, the shrimp and scallops were well seasoned and perfectly cooked (succulent). For dessert we had the key lime pie, very good , creamy & tangy filling in a delicious crust, topped with whipped cream, garnished with a lime wedge (just in case your heart desired more "limyness")I just saw a review by someone who had a food poisoning at this restaurant yesterday and thought I should share my experience too. My colleague and I had a lunch at this restaurant yesterday and a few hours later, both of us had food poisoning. He had a crab sandwich and I had a salad with crab meat. We learned a lesson and will avoid seafood at airports in the future.Great restaurant in the Philadelphia Airport.  Food is tasty and flavorful.  They check for your departure time and ensure you have plenty of time to enjoy your meal.  I love the chopped Greek salad with crab meat on top.  They have places to plug in your phone and store your luggage.  So convenient and you don't feel like you are eating typical airportWhile standing on the huge-ass line to get through security, I overheard two gentlemen complaining about lack of food choices in the Philly terminal. Apparently, these guys have never been to LAX terminal 1 and have no idea what lack of choice, shit-quality, expensive airport food really is. I was all set up for a depressing experience, saw this place, read the menu outside, and did not think twice about giving it a shot.
Cream of Crab Soup -- excellent
Mahi Chef's special -- Pretty decent, not on par with a 5-star seafood restaurant, but damn good for an airport.
Service -- friendly and fast.
Glad to find this place and will definitely be checking in early next time out of Philly to eat here again.Had a layover in Philly for 3 hours so decided to get a beer and some appetizers while I waited... The staff was friendly.. Very relaxed atmosphere.. Was very shocked by the level of freshness they had for their oysters and clams (raw and cooked).With the reviews here I expected to be wowed. For the price, it was actually quite underwhelming and the portion size of the fish and chips was a little crazy. Most people dining here are about to hop on a plane, they probably aren't going to take leftovers and it was way too much to eat. (literally for the same price, I ordered fish and chips at another restaurant the night before - the portion size was normal and I was definitely wowed.) 
This morning I woke up with food poisoning which has never happened in my life and I hope to never experience it again. It had to be the fish or calamari as the only other thing we ate all day yesterday was a normal bacon and scrambled egg breakfast.
Like I said, I had high hopes for this place after reading past reviews, but it's still airport fish and I am learning the hard way. :|Great dinner! Service was terrific (Courtney did a great job and was friendly) Always love the chowder! Favorite place at the airport!I expected a lot more out of an $80+ meal.  The service was the only saving grace at this location.  Howard was our server and he was fantastic.  He was always around when we needed him and was extremely friendly.  The crab cake sandwich had very little flavor.  We loaded ours up with tarter sauce because it was dry as well.  The fish and chips was a big portion, but again, lacked flavor.  Do yourself a favor.  Save your money and just go to the food court instead!We are always happy to eat here during our long layover in PHL airport. We love the calamari, they have three different kinds and they are all good. Love the lobster rolls and the fish and chips too.At the Legal Seafood at he Philadelphia airport.  The good thing about Legal Seafood is good menu, good food, and consistency.  It is good to know that when I Fly through Philly that I can sit, relax, and have a decent airport meal!This is the best place to eat in the airport.
The waitstaff was ever-attentive and kept water glasses full and the table clear at the appropriate time. The waitress came over soon after I was seated and asked for drink orders. The Legal Sangria was suggested and I thought I would give it a try. I was not disappointed. 
I was talked through a series of specials delivered in an upbeat way describing the chef as outdoing himself that day to make things really special. The waitress took the order and our drinks came promptly. They are very quick in the airport, because they know that people are on the move. 
I'll also mention that the staff asked us if "everything was OK" a couple-a-few times. They were interested. 
The regular menu is a full one offering everything from a "Raw Bar" to Salads and cold plates and what seemed to be the usual appetizers. To keep the prices down on an afternoon they have many sandwiches and a "Lunch Specialty" items like Portugese Fisherman's Stew and Scallops with mushrooms with Bow Tie Pasta. 
For dinner entrees many meat and fish dishes were on the menu including lobster, surf and turf, Crab Cakes, Baked Scrod, and much more including a Lobster bake that included steamers, mussels, a cup of clam chowder and a choice of a side. That sounds like something I'll have to try and write about some day.Not bad for airport food. Terrible for Legal Sea Food. 
Way too expensive and frankly not that great. I am used to going to the real locations in Boston. This is a sad reflection of the brand.I had the beer-battered halibut which was the day's special. I agree with the reviewer who called it a 3.5 star kind of place.  It's good seafood, but I wasn't blown away.  The batter on my fish was light and had good flavor.  I love the fries (thin and crispy!) and the cole slaw was great.  They had a reasonably good wine list and what seemed like a pretty good beer selection.  Some people around me were complaining about the service, but mine was great (I sat at the bar).  The dude next to me got a salad with crab on it that made me wish I got a salad.  I'm rounding up to 4 stars because I really liked the bartender and I probably could have eaten a vat of that cole slaw.Legal in the airport is pretty great. I have only had the chance to stop in for breakfast on the way to a few flights, but the service, food, and drinks have been phenomenal. The bartenders know that you're mostly likely there to get in and out and the service, while friendly, reflects that fact. They are attentive and prompt but seem to also be able to read the situation when you're going to be there for a while to kill time.
On my most recent visit I got one of their scrambled egg wraps (with cheese and avocado) and a Bloody Mary. The Bloody took a few minutes, but I suspect that is because they make them fresh. They're good every time. The breakfast itself came our relatively quickly, was piping hot, and tasted great. In addition to the main dish component, you also get a side of potatoes. They're really very good for airport food -- they seem to have a morning cook that knows what's going on.
If I ever have the occasion to take a flight later in the day, I'll certainly consider Legal Seafoods for lunch or dinner as well. Eating at this restaurant is a definite bright spot on the otherwise lackluster experience of flying out of Philadelphia ...David was extremely accommodating and understood the needs of late night flight cancellations.  Thank you, David!I never eat here because I don't like seafood ... even the smell of it bothers me. I had some extra time for breakfast though so I stoped in. Very friendly service and a fabulous custom made omelet made my morning start off well!Not too shabby. A nice place to kick back and kill time before your flight.
My dad and I stopped here to enjoy a large bowl of mussels before our flight and our bar tender was very freindly and joked with us the whole time. The mussels were a decent size and bathed in a yummy wine sauce. 
I would visit one of these locations again if I have enough time between flights.The staff were incredibly nice & helpful. Nice to see people smiling at work. And when they describe the food you can tell they love it. Food was hot, fresh, & tasty. It's fried seafood & beer. Chowder & Bloody Mary's so in the real world I would give it 3 stars because it is not Per Se but seriously it is not supposed to be. For airport food it is definitely 4 stars.Great airport restaurant. Really good service, especially at the bar. They really took care of my wife's meal since she has allergies. We have breakfast here for all morning flights and for lunch nothing beats a crab roll and a draft Boston beer!The cream of crab soup was out of this world. Totally hit the spot. The ambiance was great, too. Much better than the fluorescent lights that dominate the rest of the airport. We will be eating here every time we go through this terminal.We were skeptical about such reviews from an airport restaurant. Initially we didn't have time to stop in but fate intervened and I am glad it did. We started out with the Raw Sampler and it was DELICIOUS. The clams were so sweet and fresh! Then on to the clam chowder. It was light and also fresh, came out very hot!!!
We shared a lobster roll and it was one of the best I had ever had. I was so pleased with this restaurant!
We weren't rushed... It seemed that they took the time needed to give great service and make great food! They even ask you when you sit down what kind of time you have so they can recommend appropriate dishes for your time allotment.
CHECK IT OUT!I was skeptical going to a seafood restaurant in an airport, but I was definitely wrong to be nervous.
The food was really good, but the service was lacking a bit. I will let that go, though, since it is in an airport and was pretty busy when we sat down to eat.
The fried clams were great, though the portion could have been a bit bigger in my opinion.
The cream of crab soup had lots of crab in it, but it was definitely a cream soup, and I felt like a real fatass after eating it.
The mussels were A-OK, but I wish you could chose your broth (white, red, etc.). They came out in a white wine garlic sauce with red pepper. It was a good sauce, but it would have been nice to have an option. The serving size was also gigantic, and I needed help finishing what was on the plate. The meal would have been better if I had a little less mussels and a little more fried clams!
The pomegranate lemon drop martini got me drunk immediately. It tasted like candy, though, so that probably had a lot to do with it.
The bill was more expensive than it should have been, but everything is marked up in an airport, so I can't complain too much about that.
If you're looking for a sit-down meal, try Legal Sea Foods!Me and my friend came here early one morning while waiting for our flight to take off, so we didn't have any seafood we just had breakfast food. My friend got a wrap that she liked a lot and I got the breakfast combo which was pretty good as well. I cant comment on the seafood here because we didn't have any but the breakfast was surprising good for a seafood restaurant loll.It was average chain type food, heavy on the price. Since it was at the airport.Best place in PHL. Great food, service and atmosphereAfter getting off our flight late on a Sunday night everything was closed or closing so I felt rushed when we arrived. We sat at the bar with John M. He could not have been more accommodating especially since it was so close to closing time. We ordered crab cakes and clam chowder (both the light recipe and original). For the time it was the food was the same quality as when we've come before. Because of the service we receive we will definitely make this our regular stop when traveling in and out of Philadelphia and look forward to trying other locations.For their focus being strictly on seafood, this place needs to get a clue. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I will admit that the New England Clam Chowder was very good but some of the clams were like rubber. I ordered the Fish and Chips-spicy version. Although you received a good portion of fish, the fish was bland and it tasted like the frying oil they were using was old...not a good thing. 
I cannot recommend this place to anyone.I have been here 4 times this summer and the food has always been superb! The best airport food in the world!!On my recent trip to Ireland, I was flying US Airways, which meant fairly long layovers at its international hub, Philadelphia International Airport. I like Philly the city a lot but not so much the airport since compared to others, it's on the frayed and cramped side. The US Airways terminals at least feature the Philadelphia Marketplace, a food and shopping court with a lot of cholesterol-fueled fast food that just didn't appeal to me after sitting for five hours in coach, the middle seat no less. However, this place turned out to be my salvation simply because they offer a fresh seafood menu complete with nutrition information.
And what a thrill to discover that the food was far more edible than anything that was being offered on the flights in those pre-packaged boxes. I sat at the large wraparound wooden bar (see photo) which came fully equipped with multiple outlets to recharge everyone's electronic devices. That appeared to be the main reason that people were loitering there because I didn't see a lot of people eating or talking. Just browsing their iPhones. From the menu, it was pretty easy to figure out that the healthiest salad they offered was the $8.95 Chopped Greek with diced Kalamata olives, cucumbers, tomatoes, chick peas and feta cheese.
It was 284 calories compared to a whopping 626 for a Caesar, which would have been my default choice. For an additional $8.50, I had them add fresh Maine crab meat on top (see photo), quite an abundant portion that amounted to another 199 calories but a nutritional bargain compared to the 396 extra calories for the grilled chicken. Although a tad overdressed with oil and vinegar, it was honestly refreshing compared to the greasy Philly cheesesteaks or heaven forbid, the anti-gay-marriage Chick-fil-A chicken sandwich I could have ordered out of sheer desperation. I liked what I had on the way to Dublin, so I made a point of ordering the same thing on the way back.
FOOD - 4 stars...pretty healthy and hearty (albeit pricey) Greek salad with fresh crab meat is a standout here
AMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...it's the airport after all but at least it feels a bit like a restaurant
SERVICE - 4 stars...quite nice and efficient since they know people are catching flights
TOTAL - 4 stars...layover food should be this good all the timeBest thing about PHL! Thank goodness Legal Sea Foods was located inside of PHL. We didn't want to eat anywhere else and we were limited on time - this place was worth the wait.
Wow! Best Benjamin spent for two lobster rolls, two clam chowders, and sides. Super delicious!!!! Lobster rolls (loaded with fresh lobster meat!!!!) came with sides of cold slaw and fries, and the clam chowder is the one of the best we've ever had (very flavorful and thick - TWSS). This place will not let you down on lots of fresh crab, lobster, or any thing seafood!The service here was superb- especially because we ate breakfast at 6:30 am, and our server was so peppy! I would absolutely be grumbling my way through the morning if I had to get up that early to wait on people. Major kudos to the staff!
Food wise - surprisingly cheap! I always thought airport food was ridiculously over priced, especially at a restaurant. Nope! 5 bucks for oatmeal and I think it was 10 for their supreme breakfast! Was the oatmeal to DIE for? No, but I'll settle for decent when I'm paying 5 bucks.This was the best lobster roll I have ever tasted! Delicious taste and flavor! Definitely a must go!Mmmmmm.....fish, chips and beer at the bar!!!!  Needed a good meal since I had time to kill for my flight - glad I came by this place.  Also had a few raw oysters....very good.
Surprised a place like this was at the airport as I'm used to seeing "airport" food so this was a pleasant change.I am going to give you a golf clap Legal; a golf clap mostly because I was watching the final round of the Masters at your bar on Easter night. 
Most food in the airport stinks. There is such high demand that most establishments throw anything on a plate and charge you double. It was nice to see Legal have a large menu of both eats and drinks. As much as I wanted the aromatic onion rings the New Jersey Housewife on her cell phone with her puppy sitting next to me was eating, I went for the tuna burger. I was told it would be spicy which excited me, it really wasn't which disappointed me but there was good flavor. The fries that came with it were pointless, I should have swapped for a side salad and felt much more relaxed in my "spacious" middle seat. 
My waitress at the bar was very helpful and not too aggressive. She was quick because she has to be, it is an airport, but she wasn't making me feel uncomfortable or trying to rush me out. 
It was nice to see a chain stick to its roots and not sell it self short because it is in an airport. Golf clap it is.Not only does this place immediately allow you to forget you are in an airport,  but the wait staff are both incredibly professional and endearing. Food is delicious. If you skip this one, it's your loss. Ps Anna and Ellery are the best ask for them by name; )This place makes PHL bearable - heck I even look forward to it. Clams, scotch, and a place to plug in at the bar. Perfect. I've sat here many nights waiting for planes - always great service and great food. I love steamer clams and this is really the only place on my regular travel rotation that I can get them - they are always perfect. Love the ahi app, the chowder, the full belly fried clams, fish and chips too. Just all around goodness - at an airport. It shouldn't be so rare, but it is. Legal Seafoods has it figured out.Really fresh and delicious seafood for a very reasonable price. I'm a west coaster so I don't get to have raw, cherrystone type clams often. Of course I went to town on it, plus a whole lb of mussels, and my bill wasn't even that much. My friend had a whole boiled lobster and she didn't pay that much either. If you're feeling seafood at the airport, I'd say this is a good place.The service was very good, as was the coffee. The breakfast sandwich and home fries were extremely greasy. Didn't eat the potatoes at all. You could've lubed a car with the grease.You can't go wrong with a little airport seafood splurge! The lobster roll well seasoned and served on the delicious roll. Friendly at the bar service kept my drink refilled and continuous check-backs. Convenient being located next to United gates to keep an eye on your flight.I went to Legal Seafood a lot when I lived in South Florida. I was at the Philadelphia Airport and ate at Legal Seafood. The crab cakes were great. It is nice to have good food at an airport.  I recommend this restaurant.  Lots of people using their laptops at the bar.Hands down the best airport meal I have ever had.  Grilled trout with two sides; broccoli and seaweed salad.  Fresh, light and healthy.  Excellent.Airport meals for me usually consist of McMuffins or cheeseburgers I have to stuff into my purse on my way to board right before the doors close. 
After eating our way through the land of the cheesesteak, we showed up at the airport much too early and wanted something "wit-out whiz." 
LSF has a lot going for it - like the fact that it isn't fast food or some weird airport version of a TGIFriday's where people drink daiquiris at 8AM. .
Good menu with a ton of choices, seafood and not seafood. We got fresh oysters and clams and split buffalo wings and fried shrimp. 
The food came out fast, tasted great, and our waiter was very cool and made me realize I was really gonna miss guys with a Philly accent :(Great service , quick and responsive and then the food was excellent !  We had salmon with greek salads, clam chowder and then one person had ceasar chicken salad.  Everything was very goodProbably the best food option at Philadelphia International Airport. Very good selection of seafood and seemed pretty healthy. Had a very good salmon!Quick stop at the bar for some fuel. Bartender kept my water full & the steel cut oats were steaming. Brown sugar, pecans & dried cranberries added enough flavor to make it enjoyable. Hard to resist the Sam Adams Cold Snap on tap. Pleasant experience, decent pricing for quality food in an airport.Can I give negative stars? I literally just walked out of there after sitting there and having NO ONE help me. Great service guys. I will never try one of these places. I spent at least ten mins picking out drinks and food with no one to take my order. There goes my $50 not that you cared anyway. I will be sure to share this experience. 4 people standing around the bar having a conversation and one person sitting at the bar. Hmm...too busy to help I suppose.Smells very fishy!!!! The food is good but very expensive and they need to do something about the stench. Lobster roll and clam chowder are really good.One of the best airport restaurants i have ever experienced! Food was excellent and service was amazing! I had some dietary restrictions which they handled beautifully! My server, Lauren, was really great and took wonderful care of me. Definitely try this place if you are in the Philadelphia Airport.Excellent preflight meal. Chowder, crab cake app, lobster roll all enjoyed by family. Server a little scattered but teammates jumped in without asking.Had the lobster roll.  Was pretty good but I've had better.  Would I come back? Not sure. Serves IBC root beer!  Which was a plus.We were not expecting such a comfortable oasis between two six hour flights as we found here at the airport. 
The Very spacious and comfortable booths were just what we needed. 
The service was very good, fast, and helpful. 
The water was very good with no hint of chlorine and just the right amount of crystal clear ice. 
my dilemma was choosing between the crab soup and the crab roll. The server was very passionate and recommended both. I went with the crab roll and fries. and it was very good. I will have to try the crab soup on another visit. 
My wife got the clam chowder which has been served at every presidential inauguration according to our server. It was delicious with lots of clam meat. 
We were very happy we found such a quality restaurant in an airport !
We will be back.We liked this one.  Wife ordered dozen oysters on the half shell and I got a mug of lite clam chowder.   We also got a mug to go.  
This is in an airport and quality of food was great.  However, our server was a dink and seemed to forget that his patrons might be in an airport for purposes other than eating seafood.   LOL.  Did I mention he took his sweet time?
Next time we're in a city that has one of these restaurants,  I think we'll have a sit down experience and give them a fair shot.  Until then... plan on having a 45 minute layover before ordering.What's happening here ? 
Price against quality can a lot better ! 
I ordered a cucumber cooler (11 dollar) which was OK and as always, I ordered the steamed wontons (11.95 dollar). It was NOT good and the presentation... bah
My hubby had a diet coke (3.25 dollar) and the tuna grilled (23.95 dollar). Tuna was not bad, but the plate in general... huh ?!
It will be the last time that we came in.Came in to try their clam chowder but opted for the crab soup instead.  It was a bit on the salty side but not too bad.  I would definitely want to have the clam chowder next time!Half bottles of wine!  Great ahi tuna appetizer.  For an airport terminal, this place is great.Vacationing? Frequent flier and looking for a change of pace from the US Air club?  Or, do you have a meal voucher from a delayed flight?  
Stop into this great spot tucked near Concourses B & C.  Sit down and befriend fellow travelers seated at their twenty person long hall-style tables.  During my 45 minutes in the restaurant, I chatted with a few fellow travelers all of whom seemed pleased with the food and atmosphere.  The servers are courteous and prompt being well aware that dining at Legal is simply part of, not the main reason for, their guests' time in the Philadelphia Airport.  I ordered a Sam Adams, the Clam Chowder and the Fish & Chips.  I don't normally go with pure comfort foods dining out - but Legal Seafood is worth it.
The clam chowder has generous portions of 'cooked-just-right' clams - although my New Orleans native taste buds did require a little Tabasco to get it to my particular spice.  However, seeing as clam chowder (and Legal) is from New England, I don't think my idea of how to enjoy clam chowder is the authentic (more mild) way.  The fish and chips arrived and were tender pieces of cod fried with a thin layer of batter.  Definitely squeeze the lemon and dip in ketchup for a comfortable dinner.  Fries are nothing to write home about, but the fish is definitely worth stopping into Legal for, in between or, at the beginning of your journey.
Highly recommended airport stop-off.When traveling it is really difficult to find good Gluten Free friendly restaurants...but look not further! You can get fried gluten free (chickpea flour) apps, and the herb vinaigrette for salads is GF. They also bring out some GF rolls and they are yummy.
The servers were really nice and the gentleman delivering the food made sure to reassure me that they took every precaution with the GF items. 
I really REALLY appreciated their service and when I get back to the airport, I shall be back! 
Thank you Legal Seafood for such a great dining experience while traveling.Service slow and impersonal. Never even brought me a water. Seating tight. My shrimp tasted old and undercooked.Dinner last Thursday night was jammed.  My late night flight was cancelled so I had to stay in Philly to catch the 4 pm flight on 12/27. Haven't been to a Legal Sea Food since I was in Boston for business in 2007.  Ate at the bar.  Our of Sav Blanc but was suggested something close to it. Chenin Blanc.  Check.  Loved it.  
Had the Greek Salad with Salmon and the chef cooks it medium which was AWESOME. I was surprised.  Healthy option with tomatoes, cucumbers, feta, chick peas, olives.   You do get two dinner rolls but I'm back on plan so I let them be for another. Another bartender asked if I needed a refill and spaced out his check in which is huge for me.  Great staff. AWESOME food. Good value.  Impressive for an airport location.Food is always good, unfortunately the service isn't. Sat at the bar and waited a good 5-6 minutes before any approached me. Not usually a problem except place was not as busy as I've seen it. Bartender over in the corner yapping and manager in the other corner perusing the customers with the cook. People focus please!The oysters out performed the cherry stones this time but both were excellent  The rainbow trout was delicious .  The traditional hot rolls with butter are are hot fresh.  My only disappointment was that they switched from PETE'S to some lamo weak coffee blend to appease the tea drinkers I suppose.  PLEASE BRING BACK PETE'S COFFEE!Been to Philadelphia many times with plans to make a stop at Legal and finally had enough time at the airport while waiting for my flight to make a cup of clam chowder and a lobster roll from legal a delicious dream come true.   Pricey, yes.  But lobster should never be cheap.  The clam chowder wasn't extraordinary, I mean, my local grocery store (Publix) makes a mean clam chowder, but its still pretty damn good.  The lobster roll makes up for any of the clam chowder's shortcomings. Maybe a better option would be to save the calories from the clam chowder and put them to use on a nice preflight drink.Light clam chowder is excellent at half the calories!  Chopped Greek salad with shrimp was great!Mostly we have a flight stop in Philadelphia. We discovered this place a while ago and decided to eat always here before taking our connection flight to our destination (we don't eat the meals anymore we get offered in a plane ... Bh).
The tuna sashimi is good (14,95 dollar). I love the steamed wontons with crab (11,95 dollar). The cheesecake is also tasteful (7,95 dollar).
A draft Bud light to drink in between (5,50 dollar) and a cappuccino or cafe latte to end with.... (4,25 dollar).An excellent way to while away an hour while you wait for your flight. Or less if you just get the terrific Clam Chowder which is already prepared and ready to eat! Very chunky with potatoes and big pieces of clam in there. Truly delish. I had it with a Sam Adams draft beer, of course.
Prices here are the same as in the full-service restaurant, which means that they're just a bit on the expensive side.Hooray for lobster roll at the airport. great and quick service. The lobster roll was just like the ones in boston.  It's a nice and new place  to look forward too when you are stuck at this airport.Had the Mediterranean salmon. Very fast and cooked perfectly. For airport food you can't beat it. Great service as well!Great find for the Philly Airport.  We like their seafood, especially the Cream of Crab soup!:-)  Their fresh rolls with butter are good too.Excellent! Perfectly prepared grilled fresh scallops! At an airport, amazing! Also yummy Legal Sangria! And onion strings! And kelp salad! Great intro to our 4 hour layoff at the Philly airport on our way back home. Great Motown music too !Excellent food, and especially great for me since I am gluten free.  The server knew her menu and helped me to figure out what I could eat with zero attitude.  All deep fried food is made with a gluten free batter which is an unusual miracle for me.  Great food, relaxing , space, and servers who seem to enjoy their jobs.  What  a nice unexpected treat in PHL. Thank You!Somewhere in between a four and three star rating, Legal Sea Food is one of my favorites for airport travel. They have solo seating, a bar area and booths. The menu is on the higher end but if you're looking for a step above the typical chain restaurants then this might be for you.
I ordered a marinated chicken with two sides. I had the side of broccoli and jalapeo polenta with the crab cake appetizer. Quick and fresh my food came out the way I wanted it. The chicken could have been a lot better since the prices are high but I really liked my crab cake and my polenta.Yah, its in an airport, but it is very, very good. Servers were all super friendly. The chowder was great, and the seared shrimp was awesome. If you are stuck in the Philly airport like I was, go spend some time here and stay out of the dreadful food court.After food, a guy, who appears to be the manager, came to our table and very rudely told me to put my shoes on. Never mind that I have socks on and nothing unsightly or smelly. Never mind many people are wearing flip-flops. This kind of treatment of customers is not acceptable. This place seems to have adopted the airport security way of treating customers. We have no choice but to go through security, but we have a choice in where we eat. Don't come here.What what??? Okay I travel a lot and I have been to several different airports... Legal sea foods was FANTASTIC!!! This location did a great job at serving my tech needs by providing chargers for all seats at the bar along with great service.  My bartender was warm, ready to offer recommendations and needless to say he did not steer me wrong!! I got the grilled scallops with broccoli and it was absolutely fantastic.  Not gonna lie I thought it was going to come out with 3-4 scallops but there was more food than I could eat!!!  This is most definitely a place worth going to if stuck in the airport!!! Thank you Legal Sea Foods for a great dining experience and wonderful service and food!!!Probably shouldn't have had my first Legal Seafood experience be at the airport. Was very loud and very crowded. Also probably a bit more expensive than a standalone restaurant. Had a decent meal.I loved the low sodium options because I am watching my blood pressure! The hostess was efficient and friendly! I sat at the chef's table. I received fair service from my waiter but I was expecting so much more!The bar staff is always upbeat just a great atmosphere during hectic traveling. They have 2 types of Clam Chowder: regular and a light version. Both are fabulous! Also seaweed salad and mussles are a must! Haven't had anything here I haven't liked which is why we always stop and grab something while waiting for our plane to board and upon returning while waiting for our bags.Overall a very good airport dining experience. The food was outstanding, excellent crab sandwich and fish and chips. Fried calamari was very tasty although a little oily. 
 The not so good- Wait staff were slow and somewhat non attentive. You know the experience where you raise your hand to get someone's attention and they pretend they didnt see you but then they walk over to your waitress and she comes over.  We said we were in a hurry when they seated us. I still had to go get menus than 5 minutes later get up and ask for someone to take our order. Also, Pricing was higher than expected but this was airport dining.Salmon omelet was delicious.  They substituted the bacon for salmon and the 3 eggs for egg whites.  They serve a great cup of coffee, fierce.  Someone should've told the folks in the Starbucks line 100 deep.  4 stars instead of 5 because they were a little heavier on the oil than I like.  
Definitely the best breakfast you'll find in an airport.Excellent restaurant in the airport. If you are looking for fresh plates of crab, tuna, clams or just solid sea food this is your hangout while waiting for a flight. The bloody Mary is outstanding.Everything I had here was delicious.  It was also super expensive.  But it's an airport restaurant.  Airport restaurants are always expensive, and you're lucky if they're any good.  I felt like the quality here was great and the price was reasonable considering some of the airport restaurants I've eaten at.  Another restaurant in the Philadelphia airport charges $14 per glass of wine, for instance.  Don't get me wrong... this place is way overpriced.  But if you're stuck for a five hour layover in an airport, you could do a lot worse.
I believe I got the raw sampler (two oysters, three littleneck clams, and two cherrystone clams.)  I have eaten plenty of raw oysters and these were great.  I have never eaten raw clams before... they weren't bad, but I preferred the oysters.  I also ordered some fried calamari, which is available served three or four different ways.  The way I ordered, "Rhode Island Style," was served with sauteed peppers and garlic.  It was tasty.
I have a 3 hour layover in Philly in a couple of weeks and I'm probably going to eat at Legal Sea Foods.Open your mind and also your mouth during the next meal you find yourself prone to doubts and biased to your preconceptions. I found myself needing to do just that on my recent visit to Legal Sea Foods, where I ordered the Portuguese Fisherman's Stew and it seemed like something I wouldn't enjoy upon actually seeing it. Why, you ask? The ingredients summoned up a terrible stew prejudice in me, one of the worst sort. There were a bunch of mussels, cod, and chorizo in a thin tomato saffron broth, accompanied by a thick slice of buttered bread that spent too much time in the oven. My initial thoughts were this isn't a "stew", the bread makes it way too caloric, there's no decent starch (bread for stew is a clear violation of stew creation laws, no?), the broth isn't thick enough, I don't really like mussels, the list goes on. Well, I decided to calm my jumpy mind, since I practically ordered the entree off its name alone without paying close attention to the details. No sense jumping to conclusions when the so-called stew was staring me in the face, especially since it ended up being pretty close to menu description (checked later); me not liking disclosed ingredients is certainly no fault of the restaurant. So begrudgingly then, I opened my mind to the dish, and it turned out the stew was very good! And even more contrary my initial thoughts, when I gave in to the siren's song of that buttery bread, the stew was exceptional. I broke the bread into pieces and mixed them throughout my stew, and the meal suddenly became all the more stew-like and far tastier--a wonderful combination of flavors and textures. My expectations of the at-first questionable meal were far wrong, and I left enlightened. So after my questionable meal, will I be back to Legal Sea Foods? You bet.Stopped in during a layover for a quick bite. Server was nice, wine was chilled but the calamari was soaked in oil. At first I thought it was liquid from the peppers (Rhode Island version) but no, it was oil. Couldn't even finish it. This is actually my second poor experience here. Guess you live and learn. I won't be back.Looks like one of the better restaurants at the Philadelphia airport. Seated right away. There is a large bar area but it wasn't noisy. Expect to sit close to others if you are by yourself. I ordered the grilled salmon with jasmine rice and broccoli. The temperature of the salmon was perfect and it was seasoned very well. The rice and broccoli had just enough butter and salt to bring out the taste. Pricey but not many other restaurants with really healthy choices.If you sit at the bar, there are electrical outlets underneath to charge your devices. Amazing!
The food is exactly what you get at any Legal Seafoods. One horrifying difference is that the restaurants in the Philadelphia Airport have to display the calorie counts for menu items. This led me to opt for a very sensible, albeit delicious, meal of scallops, veggies, and polenta. If I'd been willing to forgo my glass of wine, I probably could have indulged in something with a little more cheese, but forgoing wine is madness.
I think this is one of the coolest airport Legal Seafoods ambiance-wise. It's all dark wood and blue enamel and cool lighting. If you face away from the doors, you can almost pretend you are in a better, non-airport place.