I love ice cream. Especially crazy flavored ice cream. I also love pizza, and Pizza Brain is attached to this place. So really, this is the perfect place for me. After eating our yummy pizza from Pizza Brain, my friends and I grabbed a scoop, and after my scoop was gone I experienced great sadness and wanted to go back for more.
The folks at Little Baby's allow you as many samples as you please, so I tried quite a few flavors: banana chip, plum rum raisin, red bean, plain, speculoos (coconut milk base)... and maybe a few more. I ended up going with the red bean, which had little rice puffs in it, and it was so creamy and delicious. I could eat a whole pint of it easily and feel no remorse. My friends told me that Little Baby's sometimes has almond milk based ice creams, and I would love to try one of those flavors as the speculoos was a little too coconut-y for me. It is great that they offer vegan flavors, though. Hats off to Little Baby's!It's good. but some flavors are strange and not that interesting. But they are certainly homemade style. The Thai flavor is the best!Wowzers, this is some awesome icecream.  Sure,it is pricey but worth every penny.  Love the number of dairy free options.  You can even build your own vegan icecream sandwich with some pretty awesome cookies.  A great finish to your meal if you ate at pizza brain.  Definitely worth checking out on a hot summer night.Many original and uncommon flavors with a great dairy-free selection. All available in a cup, cone or ice cream sandwich with vegan cookies available as well. Constant new flavors are a pro and con seeing as sometimes your favorite is not available, but they are always coming up with new and pretty strange ones that are surprisingly yummy and fun to try.What kind of ice cream place offers no chocolate option?  Moreover, how is $6 for a small milkshake a fair price?  
I am not a fan.5 stars + for Little Baby's Ice Cream.  They braved the flooded streets this past weekend to do an ice cream reception at our daughter's wedding.  We couldn't do the tricycle due to the weather but they were quick to change their plans, showed up on time and did an awesome job serving the 150 people at the wedding.  People were buzzing about which flavor they liked best for hours later- my favorite was the Coffee Toffee and the Balsamic Banana!  Thanks guys- love your ice cream but also your very professional way of doing business-- very cool! Hope to see you someday soon on the West Coast! Cheers.I must say that I enjoy the unique flavors concocted at little baby's ice cream. My favorite is the chipotle chocolate however, since the menu is always changing its rare I go there and they have it. With the warm weather you would think that they would be open more but it seems they only have evening hours. Although I enjoy their product I would say that it is overpriced. For a small single scoop its around $4. I'd much rather go to Franklin fountain priced similarly and much more for your dollar.Absolutely amazing! Thumbs up especially for the Vanilla Bourbon and the banana ice cream with cookies crumbles!! Worth every penny!This is a funky joint. The ice-cream flavors are limited but innovative. When I went I only saw 6-8 flavors. I liked the pizza flavor. Pizza, you say? Yes it was surprisingly good. It definitely had a sweet dessert flavor with an after taste that reminds you of plain cheese slice.
Theres a pizzeria joined to this ice-cream shop. 
I think its an okay joint to visit if you're in the area. Not worth a detour.Absolutely AWESOME!  If I could give Little Baby's 10 stars I would for sure!!!  The BEST dairy free ice cream I have ever had!!!  Incredible flavors.  Wonderful atmosphere and the kindest owner & staff ever!!  Went there to celebrate my sons birthday and all the boys had so much fun meeting the owner, trying all the different flavors (Banana Chip, Earl Grey Sriracha & Buttered Popcorn were among the faves)  but Pizza ice cream was by far the favorite!!!  Can't wait to go back.  Wish we lived closer, but I have to say the 90 minute drive for us to get there was WELL WORTH IT!!!!!!!This place has interesting and unique flavors that will give your taste buds a party that they will want to repeat again and again. They have both dairy and non-dairy ice creams and that you'd have a difficult time telling the difference between them. I had the Coconut Chai and Toasted Lime Coconut flavors and the cone they put it on is a delicate and crunchy waffle cone instead of the usual cake cones that taste like styrofoam. Plus they have stores in the city where you can purchase pints of their flavors. Sweet Deal all around.They are simply delicious and always have interesting flavors to try. They're also more than willing to give you a sample before you buy. Their staff are super friendly, I even had the one guy excitedly encouraging me to try out different flavors. They clearly love it there. It costs a bit more than getting ice cream at most other places but the experience is lovely and you get all kinds of interesting flavors that you can't get elsewhere.Little Baby's Ice Cream catered one of my company's events here at the office, and the Speculoos ice cream was delicious! If you've never had Speculoos or cookie butter in general before, think gingersnap and graham cracker combined. Give it a try!
I wish they had a location here in NJ.Expensive but worth the price for the unique and delicious flavors. My main suggestion is that they post online which of the many overall flavors are available in the shop on a given day, since they appear to rotate in only about a dozen of the hundreds listed on their website.I've been on a recent ice cream kick, and this place just fills my cold heart with warmth. This is a fantastic little place in the city to swing by after a date or to fulfill your ice cream craving. They offer a wide variety of nontraditional flavors, some of which are non-dairy (which is a plus for my lactose intolerant friends) and is vegan friendly. If you're looking for your everyday vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry, this isn't the place to be. Prices are a bit steep, but I think it's worth the splurge every once in a while. I would definitely recommend to try at least once if you're in the area.I was kinda bummed by the lack of simple flavors (vanilla, chocolate), but that gave me incentive to try something different.. I got the "Strawberry Celery" flavor and it was surprisingly good. There was a good balance of both flavors.To tell the truth Little Baby's has turned me back onto the local ice cream truck. Yeah Yeah, I know, they got raisenets & boiled boot flavored ice cream (more on that below). Since they set up shop, just down the street from my flat, I've developed a special sympathy for the rickety old van, polluting and rambling to and fro as the diapasons of indecipherable odes churn melancholic heralding the arrival of a Mr. or Ms. Softee. Alas reminds me of my childhood in some sick comforting way.
Sometimes I think Little Baby's is too much. There the intensity of nostalgia boarders on the macabre (more than at Pizza Brain since Little Baby's is a nostalgia for the present), in it is mediated by their presentation of a 'pasts future' as studied innocence and self-conscious cool. This goes deeper than deconstructivist sculpture an neomodern light fixtures. It is with the ice cream that  the ruination of the representational real crescendos. Just when I thought my visual sense had been shot through with the avant garde my taste buds get a dose of Earl Grey Siracha. How can I say if this is bad or good!? So for point of reference (!) I tipped into a little bit o Pizza (flavored ice cream), initial reports were that it tasted just like pizza.
In the final analysis, these guys have a firm grasp on whatever it is they seem to be pulling off or putting on. As for me? Well, I'm just a simple ol' Balsamic Banana man myself...Firstly, I have to recognize the amazing service I got at this place! I tried like 4 different ice creams and the server was lovely the entire time. Now, on to the ice cream... It is delicious! I tried a bunch of flavors and finally settled on the Thai peanut, which I turned into an ice cream sandwich with the chai snickerdoodle cookie (vegan); it was great! The cookie was very tasty and chewy and the ice cream, though non-dairy, was very creamy.Best service ever. Awesome non-dairy flavors. Good prices. Oh and vegan ice cream sandwiches. Forget Franklin FountainI made a trip to Philly specifically for this place and I am glad that I did. 
I am a bit daring when it comes to food choices. I had the early grey sriracha and Maryland style bar-b-que. I know it sounds super gross but the employees let me taste it and I actually enjoyed it! The earl grey sriracha was a sweet and spicy flavor that accompanied each other nicely. The bar-b-que was good. After a bit I wasn't able to finish it but it wasn't because I didn't like it  The best way to describe the bar-b-que would be more of an umami flavor. 
The employees also made me aware that they can change their flavors multiple times a day. There are so many flavors I would love to try here. Definitely a cool experience.When I think of a way to describe Little Baby's, the first word to come to mind is "unique." The flavors don't seem to be just your traditional vanilla, chocolate and strawberry.  They even offer non-dairy options! I don't see that too often in a traditional ice cream shop. 
The biggest difference to me about Little Baby's was probably the texture and consistency of the ice cream. It wasn't as rich and creamy as other ice creams I've had. However, the flavors were explosive and powerful, and that's what I enjoyed about my experience. 
They were very kind with letting us try samples before making our selection, I feel that helps me to form this opinion about their powerful and fun flavors. I opted for the chocolate speculoos (non-dairy) and coffee toffee, with a maple bacon popcorn topping. It was tasty, fun and far from boring.  They even had a pizza ice cream. Not my thing, but really cool to get a little sample of. 
This is not your everyday ice cream, but a blast for those looking for an ice cream adventure, especially after having some pizza next door at Pizza Brain.Best ice cream in Philly. Fun flavors and good service! Their pay it forward board is pretty rad too! Last time I went, I got the black cocoa marshmallow. Take a look at this masterpiece.Best ice cream I've tasted with the most insane flavors. We had the sour cherry, chocolate Milano and sushi. Yes, that's right - sushi. Someone in our group was brave enough to get it. It was a really good ginger ice cream with a touch of wasabi.Super unique and delicious, fun decor and great for a treat. Wouldn't go here regularly due to price, but as a destination for an afternoon it's a cool stop. The ice cream flavors like Earl Grey Sriracha, Coffee Toffee and Birch Beer are sooo tasty.I had the pleasure of stumbling across this ice cream cart at the Making Time 4th of July Party at Bamboo Bar, and must say, I was extremely impressed. 
The flavor choices range form semi-tradtional (Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla) to successfully experimental (Earl Grey Sriracha). I regret not taking the opportunity to sample more, but we immediately fell in love with the previously mentioned flavors and ordered one of each. 
The Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla was an intense explosion of flavor, spoon after spoon. Unlike most vanillas that seem to lose their kick after a few licks or mouthfuls, this flavor never got old.
The Earl Grey Sriracha, with its complex flavor profile, was phenomenal. The first taste is a hint of bitterness from the tea, transitioning to the floral citrusy bite of the bergamot, and dissipating into a mild spiciness of the hot sauce. This flavor doesn't even need the sriracha to be outstanding, but it adds an extra layer of complexity to the finish that just works, and also helps to cleanse your palette between bites. 
I'm excited these guys exist and hope to see their cart at more events and block parties. Can't wait to try the other flavors and see what other exotic flavors they come up with next.COCONUT CHAI. YES.
I'm a sucker for anything coconut or chai so when I discovered a hybrid concoction of the two, I almost cried tears of joy.
I've also tried the chipotle chocolate and earl grey sriracha which were both super delicious as well!
This place does take credit cards now, I know it says otherwise in the description, but I've never paid cash there.
Little Baby's also has a bunch of dairy-free options which is great for all the vegans/lactose intolerant peeps out there.I kid you not: Little Baby's is some of the best ice cream you'll ever have.
I REPEAT--
Little Baby's is some of THE BEST ice cream you'll ever have.
Although home base is Philly, Little Baby's pops up at Union Market in Washington DC on Sundays.  We scoped it out for the first time, fell over from such insanely superb flavors, and then made a second trip for another scoop.
If you see the birch beer or the smoked cinnamon, order 'em both and savor every frozen flavor-exploding moment!The Buttered Popcorn Ice Cream is the best ice cream I've ever had!  The prices kinda remind me of the "birthday loan officer" from Portlandia.  But hey, the money's for babies... a pretty good cause...  We love Little Babies Pizza Brain, or Lil Brainy's Pizza Ice...Nice spot. They have a variety of weird flavors of ice cream and no regular flavors. Once they provide regular flavors as well as the ones they make it'll be way better.I feel like my review does not really count because I have not tried Earl Grey Sriracha which seems like the consummately perfect flavor, especially as a hot sauce aficionado.  
I have had the Bourbon Bourbon vanilla and Thai coconut, the latter being dairy-free.  The two really went well together and were both incredibly creamy and flavorful.  A perfect addition to a hot summer day.Pure deliciousness!!!
 Stopping here and ending the road trip to Philly was the best idea. This isn't your average ice cream shop the flavors are spectacular. But if you're a first timer ask to sample the ones that catch your eye. The staff is absolutely friendly and patient. I would recommend this place to anyone.Really enjoy this place! Unique and delicious flavors and great staff that are always willing to let you sample literally every flavor!I am incredibly lucky I am to have Little Babies ice cream within walking distance of my dwelling!
The flavors at L.B. are not for the the 'vanilla crowd', if you get my drift.  If your palate is advanced and/or quirky or you have ever been told by a 'meat & potatoes only-type' that you "eat weird food", then L.B. is your place!
Little Babies offers a variety of Philadelphia style ice cream (dairy) as well as fantastically creamy, non-dairy ice cream. 
 The flavors I have tried are:   (and I love them all)
Banana Chip
Box Of Chocolates
Chipotle Chocolate
Chocolate Milano
Chocolate Salt Malt
Coconut Chai
Coconut Tea
Earl Grey Sriracha
Goldenberg's速 Original Dark Peanut Chews速 Vanilla Molasses
Goldenberg's速 Original Dark Peanut Chews速 Chocolate Molasses
Lime Toasted Coconut
Lychee Lemonade
Mint Cookie
Reanimator Coffee Red Eye
Smoked Cinnamon
Speculoos
Thai Iced Tea
Blueberry Lemonade
Chocolate Pomegranate Swirl
Coconut Coffee Kamora
Strawberry Pinkpeppercorn
Sweet Potato Burnt Marshmallow
Peppermint Hot Chocolate
White RussianWe had Little Baby's bring their cool cart and serve ice cream at our wedding reception.   It was so good, all of our guests were lined up outside for ice cream much  to the discontent of our DJ.  We visit their shoppe on Frankford regularly and it has ruined me for all other ice cream.There is no escape from Little Baby's deliciousness. I can't get away from them. Are those tricycles following me? They seem to be everywhere I go these days. I'm liking it that way. 
Super premium Philly-style ice cream scoops of unique flavor combinations are a deliciously cool reward for a girl, after drunkenly dancing the night away. Nice t'see yez at The Mann Center, Little Baby's. Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon is still my unseated favorite flavor, but I know that this could all change at my next Little Baby's run-in.Not your regular ice cream parlor! The staff was incredibly patient with my hesitancy towards flavors other than a simple twist with rainbow sprinkles. I loved the sugar cookie ice cream one not sure if it was Speculoos or not. Either way loved it! Was definitely outside my comfort zone. Will return :)Closed on a hot summer day! = Lost a customer. 
Why would you be closed in the middle of the day on a hot summer day? I heard about how great your ice cream is but I never got to find out & probably never will now. Seriously, was there a family emergency? It makes no sense to be closed. I wish I had a picture to prove this. I was just shocked & very annoyed. *sad trombone*As a first timer at Little Baby's, I thought the ice cream was pretty good! I  loved that the ice cream was homemade and they had so many interesting flavors to choose from. I had to sample almost all of them since I had no idea what they would taste like just looking at the names (not complaining, I loved doing this). 
After trying just about every flavor I ordered the Double Chocolate Cookie with chocolate chips on top in a waffle cone. The ice cream was really good and definitely hit the spot. If I didn't order the chocolate, the Smoked Cinnamon was also very tasty. 
When ordering, I recommend getting a single scoop. I thought that was just the right amount of ice cream. There were plenty of seats inside and outside. I thought it was neat that you could also get a pizza right next door. Pizza and ice cream? Doesn't get any better than that!Everything bagel .. Ice cream? What? Do it!! So strange, yet so amazing. 
Keep the weird coming!Always find a delicious new flavor to try the matter what the day is or what I'm in the mood for. Dare to try something different you can always taste any flavor first but I must warn you the only one we did not like was the pizza flavor just not a good thingLittle Baby's is one of the few ice cream joints in the city that offers a wide range of non-dairy flavors. Many of them are creative, some to the point of absurdity (pizza, everything bagel). Not nearly enough of the flavors are chocolate-based (but maybe that's just me). Toppings are a bit unconventional (no sprinkles).
Prices are a bit steep; load up on pints if you're an addict like me. Save the pint containers for a small ($1) discount on each on your return. I usually get a milkshake using whatever non-dairy chocolate flavor is being offered that day mixed with almond milk ($8 for large). My current favorite flavors are peppermint hot chocolate and chocolate mint cookie.
The atmosphere and the concept of this place is definitely fun and kooky, and it's one of my favorite spots. I wish they would post daily flavor offerings consistently on their website or on social media; this would prevent wasted trips on my part (yes, I'm a non-dairy ice cream nut). I've also been disappointed to arrive at Little Baby's on cold winter days to find them unexpectedly closed. Definitely call ahead in cold weather to make sure your trip will be worthwhile.Little Baby's is such a sweet treat. We gotten ice cream at their locations in Union Transfer, off 2nd St. in No.Libs., and most recently - at their new shop by Frankford Ave. The combination of flavors is so sweet and delectable, they all pair well but you also taste the individual flavors too. Cardamom Caramel, Earl Grey, Root Beer, and Mint Cookie... all great. 
The only thing that I can't justify.... is the price. $4 for a little scoop is a bit much considering you can get a quart of ice cream for less than that. In fact, if you have an ice cream maker, you can surely buy enough ingredients for less than $4 to make 1-2 quarts as well. Overall decent, but it's not something we can have too often.Simply amazing!!! I love the flavors and I recommend people to try Speculoos (spice cookie flavor) or Red Hot Cinnamon or even the Chocolate Salt Malt.  The staff was very nice and very friendly. They also described the ingredients in the ice cream. I love it.
I also want to add Sweet Potato Burnt Marshmallow and Pumpkin Curry are AWESOME flavors!!!! YUM!When I think of places to take friends who aren't from philly to, Little Baby's always comes to mind. I had the cucumber dill which was refreshing and delicious. Their crazy flavors always excite people and they get to leave and be able to tell others they had pizza ice cream and that it was actually delicious. I'm always confused when I try those weird flavors and actually enjoy them but you'll have to try them and see for yourself. Nice staff, cool atmosphere, and yummy ice cream.This place is a hidden gem that not a lot of people know about. I come here every now and then to check out their unique CRAZY flavors. One of the weirdest one I've tried is 'red hot cinnamon candy' flavored. Which was great and tasted exactly like the candy. You can't come here and not try the weird flavors lol. Ask for a sample if you are too intimidated to get a scoop! They had a flavor with cilantro before, which was also good. I have also seen a sriracha one, but I've never tried that. 
The latest flavored I've tried from them was the Blueberry Ginger. I expected more ginger taste, but to my surprise, I could not taste the ginger at all. It was really refreshing and their ingredients are freshly made! Decor is super creative and funky. It connects to a pizza shop as well! 
Also, when you are about to make an order, look to the right wall which usually have a board posted with different names and/or actions etc. If your name or whatever activities are listed on the board, you could possibly score free ice cream! Cute and fun idea but I've never scored anything yet. LolMaybe it's because I am immersed in the Simpsons Marathon on FXX but visiting Little Baby's reminded me of Moe's explanation of post-modern decor, "It's weird for the sake of being weird ..". This can easily be applied to the ice cream creations of Little Baby's.
Yesterday the better half and I made our first visit and found the staff to be perfectly affable, contrary to some other reviews. Decor is fine enough ... but the ice cream was obviously the goal here. It is the always available Dairy-Free options that got us in the door, the better half hasn't had an ice cream cone since W was in office ...
Banana Balsamic was the chosen selection for the Dairy Free and we both agreed that while the Banana was subtle the Balsamic added an aggressive tang that very much over powered any other notes. I had gone for as close to safe as I could with a Chipotle Chocolate selection and while I enjoyed it, I am not sitting here yearning for more of it. It had a really cool pop at the end due to the chipotles and played nicely on my taste buds. What you can be certain of is that next time we return the flavors will be totally different, which is to be applauded. 
The long and short of tit is, sometimes you just want a scoop of vanilla with some rainbow jimmies on top ...Came across Little Baby's at the Trenton Ave. Arts Fest. Sweet Jesus! I was blown away! Had a scoop of Birch Beer and a scoop of Coffee and was transported to another dimension. Hot damn. Hope to come across Little Baby's again soon!!This place is amazing not only is the staff fabulous but the flavors are unique and beyond delicious! The staff is friendly and professional and great at suggesting yummy flavors of sweet sweet heaven. I called in once and spoke to an employee named Ryan he was so pleasant, respectful, curious, and knowledgeable about their products. I was asking about ingredients and  stuff do to a family members allergies. He was  informative and we all know sometimes employees can get annoyed and frustrated  when it comes to customers and there thosands of questions but he seemed genuinely concerned and wanted answers all my questions and concerns so my family could enjoy some yummy ice cream with out the worrys of food allergies. Anytime i've visted this establishment the employees seem happy like they enjoy there job which is very refreshing. If i could give them 10 stars I would! By the way if you can't choose i'd go for the sweet potato burnt marshmallow it's my absolute favorite!This place is pretty cool. They had these bizarre ice-cream flavors like pizza and buttered pop corn but they were extremely good. My girlfriend and myself wound up making our own ice cream sandwiches with the sugar cookie. She choose chocolate peanut butter bar and I chose their non-dairy cookies and cream. It's made with coconut milk so it has a very small hint of coconut. If  e didn't stop there for desert after dinner we would've tried the pizza they have on the other side of the shop. Everything I saw other customers eating looked awesome too!friendly staff!  interesting flavors.  i like the cinnamon and thai tea.   everything else is too weird.The flavors are fun and innovative, and many are also available as a very convincing dairy free option. My main complaint, and the reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars, is that they only offer 4 non dairy flavors at a time. When I was last in the shop, half of those flavors were coconut (coconut tea and coconut chai, to be precise). I was also very disappointed by the fact that their online flavor list reads more like a resume than a list of possible offerings. Many listings were one time only offerings, and should have been removed.I don't know....I hate to give them 3 stars, but I feel I have to.  
Set up - I do like the fact that they set up shop right on 2nd street in Northern Liberties on a hot day.  Who can say no to ice cream when it's put right in front of you like that?
Prices - The prices are a bit steep in my opinion.  I got one little scoop on a cone, for 4 dollars.  It was a very very small scoop.  
Consistency - it was super hot out, and I guess the ice cream was driven over on a bike, but it was super melty on the cone - not as frozen as I would have liked.   I had to eat it really quickly to prevent it from dripping down the cone.
Flavor - The cardamon caramel really intrigued me, but luckily I asked for a sample spoon of it before ordering.  Gross!  I can't believe there are so many good reviews of it on this site.  It tasted like SAND.  Gritty sand in my mouth and I could barely taste the flavor.  I ended up going with the bourbon vanilla instead, which was pretty tasty, but for $4 for a tiny scoop I could have gotten a whole pint of Haagen Das dulce de leche - the best ice cream ever - at the corner store.  
I wanted to like this stand more than I did.Just awesome!  My wife introduced me to this place last night.  I was leery of the $12 cab ride over, but it was worth.every.penny.
Not knowing what I was in for, and being the fool I can be about ice cream, I ordered a plain ice cream shake (they can make them with almond or with soy milk).  It was the best shake I've ever had!
She allowed me to walk right into this giant mistake, went ahead and ordered a red velvet scoop for herself.  I tasted it and was hooked.  It has hints of spiced wine (Sporee) and it was out-of-this-world delicious.
So I could not leave Little Baby's without the full experience.  I ordered the ear gray and sriracha scoop.  How do they balance these flavors so perfectly?  It was amazing.  Creamy, a bit spicy not overly sweet and disgusting a la Dairy Queen.  Perfection!  I owe her big time!Food: 3.5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 4
Service:4
Value: 3.5
This is where I discovered Speculoos, and now my life will never be the same. Flavors are hit and miss, but it is a must stop after pizza next door.i don't know if i can accurately express how much i love little baby's ice cream. not only are the flavors inventive and amazing, the non dairy ice cream is so damn good. i highly recommend treating yourself every once in a while to an ice cream sandwich, as they are wow wow wow delicious. here's a fun food evening: go to pizza brain (right next door), bring some beer, as they're BYO, and try not to eat too much so that you can save room for dessert. of course, both establishments are equally as awesome on their own standing, but as long as you're there, might as well go to both!Some of the favorite flavors of my life have graced my tongue at LB's favor. Sour Cherry Honey, Blueberry Ginger, CHOCOLATE SALT MALT. Do yourself a favor and get an ice cream sandwich at some point. Also, make sure you try everything before you get it, they are really cool about it.At the corner of South St. and Broad St. Place is clean and love the toppings variation. Staff is friendly.Our friends kept telling us that we had to try this place.  So, we did.  
OH MY GOD!  I got the non-dairy mint cookie "ice cream".  Holy hell!  It was delicious!  Very smooth and creamy.  I wound up leaving with a pint to go.  The place is decorated really cute - very retro.  It's right next door to Pizza Brain so on the walls were old pizza/movie posters (Loverboy and Mystic Pizza to name a few).LBIC is so awesome, I finally had to give in and become a Yelper so I could review them.
I first tried their ice cream at the Made In America concert - a single cone of Earl Grey Sriracha. I won't lie, I was skeptical at first about the flavor combo. Then I tried it...so creamy smooth and sweet, with just a little bit of fire at the end. Stopped by again later on and got a double cone of it. Stopped by yet again even later and got a single cone. When I was leaving the concert, they had already left for the night, or else I probably would have gotten one for the road. My friend tried their Cardamom Caramel and Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla, so I tasted those too - both were great.
Fast forward to a couple of weeks later, when I see that LBIC is set up at the PHS Pop-Up Garden. Some co-workers and I were in that area for lunch, so I made them go over with me to get some dessert. Just ice cream sandwiches that day, so I tried Chai Snickerdoodles with Coconut Chai Ice Cream. Amazing.
I was going through an Earl Grey Sriracha withdrawal the other day, so I headed over to the Foodery in No Libs so I could pick up a couple of pints of it. Is it a bit more expensive than regular ice cream? Yes. But is it worth it. Hell, yes.
Love live Little Baby's!My husband and I live on the West Coast and were getting married on the East Coast.  We have a food truck theme and used Little Baby's Ice Cream as one of the sweet treats!  It was AMAZING and their team was great to work with! I can't wait to be in town again and visit the shop to sample all the flavors!  Thank you Little Baby's Ice Cream!  Allison & JonahHype machine. 
This is the kind of place that pulls you in over and over again even if you just find it average.
The vibe of the place, the employees, and flavor creations is fun and inventive. It definitely wakes you up from the generic ice cream place, but if you are looking for a perfectly hedonistic solution to an ice cream craving, you might be better off somewhere else. 
Their flavors are only for the bold and would leave some people hanging who just want a basic chocolate/vanilla fix. 
They make ice cream so damn good to, but the after tastes/ mix ins leave you wondering what it would taste like if they had at least one or two plainer options.
That being said, their birch beer vanilla sugar cookie sandwich is damn amazing and the easiest crowd pleaser. Worth the $5. The rest of the options are too expensive for me to bear. 
If the prices cheapened a bit, I'd give it 4 stars.I am all for unique ice cream flavors but I failed and got the coffee toffee. I tried El Vocho, Earl Grey Sriracha, and balsalmic banana. I just couldn't down it. I am pretty open minded but I suck and got a basic flavor. I'm a loser, I admit it. Coffee toffee was still pretty damn good though.I loved the cucumber dill non-dairy choice! Light, refreshing and delicious! All who come  leave with a smile after a scoop of Little Baby's Ice Cream.Unique ice cream full of wonderful flavors to delight your taste buds. Neighborhood can be sketchy for some people but don't let that scare you.  Just a heads up for the non city folk who will just turn around and run away.  Heard about them via twitter and will be back. Birch Beer Vanilla and Cardamom Caramel were tasted and consumed with happy smile faces.  Soon to open right next door will be the pizza museum and I'm sure a pizzeria. I'm going back soonHuuuuge scoops and little cones. Kinda funny but also not very practical. Choice of flavored is interesting, but not necessarily something I haven't tried before. When it comes to taste, I wouldn't say they are unique and special. Decent. They have NON-DAIRY choices (bases on coconut milk), which is a big plus! Pricing: $4/scoop or $6/2scoops.I first had Little Baby's when I went to the Union Transfer, and I got Vanilla Bourbon. Tasted like real Vanilla Bean and Bourbon. Then I got some a few years later next door to Pizza Brain. Major props to them for making non-dairy ice cream, which makes me really happy since I'm lactose intolerant. Fair prices and great ice cream. It's the good stuff, high in butter fat.I have been waiting to try Little Baby's Ice Cream ever since I saw those incredible, weird viral web videos and heard about those super questionable flavors. Did they disappoint after all these years of hype? I am thrilled to say they exceeded my expectations. 
Mike and I grabbed the 6 scoop sampler to try as much product as we could - luckily they are very generous with their scoops, so for $6 we felt this was a great deal. We chose the Birch Beer Vanilla Bean, Pizza, Chocolate Chocolate Cookie Dough, Butterscotch Scotch, Spicy Honey Mustard and Banana Chip.
By and large, our favorite flavor was Pizza. It's simply addicting. We've never had savory ice cream before, and didn't expect to like it, but it was absolutely the sleeper hit. The ice cream had a light, fresh tomato flavor with bits of Italian seasoning throughout. We loved it so much we got it as a milkshake to-go which we thought IMPROVED its flavor even more! Get this. It works, trust me.
The Birch Beer Vanilla Bean was my favorite sweet flavor - very much like the soda, but with a great punch of vanilla. The Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough was good as well, but had some consistency issues. It was very grainy for some reason, but the chocolate flavor was very pronounced and reminded me of high quality homemade chocolate pudding. The Butterscotch Scotch was fine, but didn't have a lot of butterscotch flavor - it reminded me mostly of a straightforward vanilla ice cream. While the Spicy Honey Mustard was an interesting idea, it didn't provide a lot of flavor, and burned as you swallowed. I'm not a banana fan, but Mike said the Banana Chip was good.
We definitely want to come back one day to try and conquer more of their flavors. Looking forward to the next time!Who runs this place? A new frozen yogurt place opens up 3 blocks away (competition) and you increase your prices by 20%!? You should take ghe money and open Lil Babies Business School!  It could be the new Trump University!Mmmm. Yummy snickerdoodle cookies embracing delicious cardamom caramel ice cream. Yummy yummy in my tummy. Yes!They don't give enough ice cream for the price. They do have some odd flavors but besides that I wouldn't go back. Go somewhere else.I had the fortune of having some delicious ice cream from this vendor at a block party and it was amazing! 
I tried the Vegan Mint Oreo and can I first just thank them for making vegan ice creams?! I'm not a vegetarian, but I am lactose intolerant, so it was nice to not have to worry about how my tummy would take it! Anyway, I had just missed out on the other vegan flavor, coconut something (I love coconut, so I was bummed, but then they pulled our the mint oreo, so I was happy again!). Tastes just as you would imagine, only less-guilty for me because I could just sit back and enjoy it!
Before they left for another party, I got to taste the Earl Gray Sriracha and I can see why Jeff (one of three owners) said it was his favorite. It has this delicious Earl Gray taste with a hint of spice- yum! I wanted MORE! 
The funniest part about happening upon them at my block party is that I was already following them on Twitter (@LittleBabysIC) and had no idea they were outside. 
It's probably best they are a traveling ice-cream shop!!Yum! I love desserts! I've always come across this on my Yelp searches, but never tried it. Well, I'm so glad I finally did! The Speculoos ice cream was soo yummy! I got it between two Chai Snickerdoodle cookies. However, I felt the cookies took away from the ice cream. The two taste much better on their own. The guy behind the counter was also super patient and helpful. He let us try a couple flavors until we picked one we wanted. Try this place out!Couldn't wait to come back here after our visit. This time we bought a pint of article splash flavor and yards brown butter brawler.. We can't wait to put them tonight for our 4th if July dessert.  This place is so much fun with new flavors every time we go!!Best Ice Cream shop and Pizza place. Do yourself a favor bring all your out of town friends here.Was disappointed in my first visit to this classic Philly establishment yesterday. I have gotten crazy and interestingly delicious ice cream at many places, including the Ice Cream Store in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, Toscanini's in Cambridge, Mass, and Max and Mina's in Queens.
My boyfriend and I stopped by here before our trip home after doing the Philly Marathon/Half Marathon and spending the day in the city. We really were looking so much forward to the ice cream here, especially after scouring the extensive flavor possibilities on the website. I think I had picked TWELVE that I was interested in getting (of the regulars, not even seasonal! that was another five)! I figured that a rotating menu would at least have one of those available.
Well, not a single one of them were available when we arrived last night. There were only five choices: Bourbon bourbon vanilla, Chocolate Milano, Everything Bagel (a classic I know, but not something I wanted...), Rose Pistachio and Cranberry-something. Two of the ten regulars I wanted to try, Chocolate Salt Malt and Thai Iced Tea, were only available non-dairy, which was full of pieces of coconut...This made my experience very awkward as there were seriously no flavors I wanted to get, while my boyfriend cheered that his #1 choice was there.
So I wouldn't just sit there while he ate his alone, I got the Chocolate Milano, what I saw as the only edible flavor for me (besides the vanilla, but I don't spend $4 for a scoop of vanilla, bourbon or not...). It was really just chocolate almond. Very boring. The size of my scoop, however, was generous. 
My boyfriend loved his Everything Bagel ice cream while I sat very disappointed struggling to eat mine. What made it worse was that I initially asked them if that was it for their flavors, which they said yes. Then, right after I ordered, they realized that they actually ran out of the Rose Pistachio and brought out Oatmeal Raisin, one I would have loved to have instead (one of the five seasonals I wanted to get)! If your customer is clearly disappointed with the choices, and you have another flavor ready to go, wouldn't you want to tell them?
We will be returning next time we are in Philly. Hopefully they will have more palatable choices for me then.Vegan Earl Grey Sriracha ice cream.  How in the world did somebody come up with this flavor? It was incredible and I'm not sure how or why?
Fantastic place.some of their flavors are weird like im sorry but strawberry peppercorn is just not good but surprisingly buttered popcorn was good?? also they had dairy free.I stumbled up this food truck when I was at the Mann Center for the Vampire Weekend concert.  They had three flavors available: one dairy and two non.  I believe the flavors were Plum Rum Raisin (dairy), Earl Grey Sriracha (non-dairy, coconut based), and a Lime Coconut something (I assume it was also coconut based).  I took a sample of the Sriracha one to make sure I liked it and was pleasantly surprised of my adventurous pick. I regret not asking to sample the other two flavors though.  I assume they were equally delicious.  The two guys running the truck seemed like very pleasant/chill dudes.
Now for the -1 star.  It was pretty pricey at $5 for one scoop.  One scoop was more than enough for me, but I would expect it to be $4.00 max. Also, I mentioned the dairy/non-dairy options which were clearly marked which is awesome.  However, there wasn't any mention of what the non-dairy choices were made from.  I'm allergic to almonds and that could have been disastrous if I didn't ask what it was made from first.  People with nut/soy allergies really need to know these things and it would keep the line moving faster if people didn't have to waste time to ask.in visiting philadelphia for the holiday season, this is the one place i wish i could take back home with me.Yum, yum.  Awesome ice cream in rotating flavors.  Although I don't like non-dairy ice cream, my rescue greyhound Roxanne sure did!Fantastic ice cream. I had birch beer and my wife had an oatmeal cookie and bourbon vanilla sandwich. It was awesome.I had Little Baby's ice cream at an event for University City and I recently visited their store on Frankford Ave. Though I do agree that the prices are  steep for such a small amount of ice cream, the taste is very strong and delicious. 
For example, I tried the cardamom caramel and the caramel was thick and the caradamom, very prominent. My second favorite would probably be the earl grey sriracha. It may sound awful at first glance, but the milk helps to marry the flavors and even make this tea-phobe a fan. Needless to say, this ice cream is not for the weak!The Pee Wee's Playhouse of ice cream stores. Get the earl grey sriracha!It's a bit on the pricey side at $4 for a small scoop but the cardamom caramel and coconut chai are delicious and I think of it as a tasty portion-controlled dessert, especially after grabbing a large slice next door.  Plus, the coconut chaiactally tastes like a coconut chai drink and doesn't contain any dairy, for those who are lactose sensitive or intolerant.This is exactly what I need on a hot summer day. I visited the stand at Love park today. After trying out Earl Grey and Coconut Chai, I decided to go with a cup of Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla and it hit the spot. Creamy and rich...yum yum. I didn't like Earl Grey but it does have an interesting flavor, especially the spicy after taste. 
The only drawback is the price. For $4, you get a small scoop. Not sure if it justifies. With that price, I would probably prefer Capogiro.Bigger space! Awful flavors! Seriously. No one wants duck sauce. Everyone wants chocolate. Figure it out hipsters. This isn't rocket science. It's ice cream.I guess its ok if you like really super wierd flavors. I don't. They did have a coffee flavor that was really good, but that was the only normal flavor. It would be nice to see at least 3 normal flavors. I vote for vanilla and strawberry..What a cool interesting place! This place is great for locals and should also be a tourist stop. I loved my siracha flavored ice cream and can't wait to come back and try more unusual flavors. This is going to become a good to place for me to take out of town friends. Forget visiting Pat and Genos- this is way cooler.Why can't this be located in my hometown!?! soo sad..
I had the sriracha and earl grey, hot spicy and then not. i'm so confused, it was good.  I didn't want to get fat.  
The coffee toffee...I should've gotten you too.  I took a bite of my friend's, and I wanted to kick him in the balls and steal his ice cream.
So fat, I've been to Philly twice in 2 weeks, and we had to stop here both times. So fat.
And the red velvet...mmmm.. I hate how good you are.  I hate how I sat in the car with people I just met and sat there and said nothing, because I was eating it.  Awkward.
You and your cuteness, your pizza faces on the ground.  Your bright lights and your hipster atmosphere..I can't take it.This place is so touch and go for me...
 1. The prices are outrageous for what you get. The smallest two scoops of ice cream ever in my life with some speculous cookie topping... $7. 
 2. The flavors change daily so you have to check their Twitter prior to going to decide if they have something you might like. The first time I came here I was with my boyfriend and we left "hangry" because Ranch and Tomato and Grilled Cheese Sandwich flavors were not what we had a hankering for. 
3. The flavors that are somewhat "normal", for example Chocolate Gold, Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla, Smoked Cinnamon, Yards Brown Butter Brawler, etc. are very tasty and decadent. 
I would say definitely try it out if you're into unique flavor combinations, but I don't think I would go out of my way to come back to Little Baby's if I needed an ice cream fix.This place is a hit or miss. There's really only 2-3 flavors I enjoy which are constantly rotating and sometimes those flavors aren't available. The price is a little on the high side and some of their flavors are way too extreme for me. Sometimes I scratch my head wondering who in the world would think of putting those flavor combinations together. 
The ice cream sandwich is definitely on the bigger side but it's all one consistency, cold and hard cookies.This place is pretty cool. We stopped after having dinner at Cedar Point. The set up is weird, they share a spot with the pizza shop. I almost wanted pizza more than ice cream. They have some unique flavors, I had the balsamic banana. It was very good. The place is a little expensive for what you get. They do lose a star for not having regular flavors for kids. We will stop back in for something unique. Solid 4 starsYes yes yes, so delicious. A weird little spot attached to a pizza place. There are all pizza themed albums on the wall and the floor has glass tiles with pizza faces w/ bugs on them. A perfect spot for LBIC to be attached to.
I had the birch beer vanilla and that's the best. Always the best. Get this if you don't know what you want. sample every flavor that's interesting of course, but always get the birch beer. I also had the sweet potato with burnt marshmellow. It was interesting, not bad at all.I sampled the pizza (because why not?!) and the Earl grey Sriracha. I highly recommend the Earl grey Sriracha! The ice cream shop is really cute and heavily pizza-themed (because of Pizza Brain, which is conveniently adjoined). I have yet to try their pizza, but will definitely try it sometime soon.There really is no other ice cream shop like little baby's. Most unique recipes. I wasn't in the mood for pizza flavor but I did like the one that was spicy chocolate flavor on oatmeal cookies as an ice cream sandwich. Come and make your own cookie sandwich or cups or cones or shakes. So much to try!I don't always eat ice cream.  But when I do I have been here once or twice with a cute girl.  That's pretty much when I will go eat ice cream.  When a cute girl asks me to. 
But, I actually *liked* the iced cream!  Great (and often weird) flavours, super place.  Hurrah hurrah.Delicious and unique!
I'm vegan, my husband is not. We both thought the ice cream here was really fabulous and the flavors innovative. The vegan chocolate speculoos, salty strawberry and chocolate salt malt all were yummy. (It's made with coconut cream.) I tried the cucumber dill and it was really good and not as weird as it sounds. Prices are in line with other specialty, gourmet ice creams.
They have toppings as well, cookies, take-home pints. Pizza Brain is next door and you can sit in a shared funky "Pizza Museum" space.Five stars for a super cool shop, delicious ice cream, awesome people, and overall outstandiness. 
Birch Beer Vanilla gets me every time, but the Coffee Toffee and Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon are close seconds.Probably the best and most inventive ice cream in the city. I love the flavors I've tried: pizza, Early Grey sriracha, caramom caramel, bourbon bourbon vanilla, red velvet, etc. Keep the creativity up.
Great partnership with Pizza Brain too. 
Great aesthetic, wonderful and helpful employees.
Highly recommeded. .The staff was extremely helpful while my group of friends tried all the different flavors before settling on the equivalent of a beer tasting flight (6 mini scoops for $6). While the promise of pizza-flavored ice cream lured us in, the flavor was not available so we got to try six other unique and delicious flavors. My favorite was the Smoked Cinnamon. Early Grey Sriracha was interesting but not my thing. The employee scooping the ice cream said his favorite flavor was "poop" yes we confirmed p.o.o.p. But unfortunately it wasn't available today.Little Baby, I'm going to tell you what I really think of your ice cream. Flavor-by-flavor. Non-dairy only. Here goes:
* Banana Chip: Genius. Chocolate chips and fried banana chips? Heck yes! But it needs more banana in the base to offset that strong coconut taste.
* Blueberry Lemonade: It's a sherbet! And a fine one at that!
* Chipotle Chocolate: Excellent. Just the right amount of chipotle to make a pedestrian flavor interesting.
* Chocolate Chocolate Cookie Dough: Perhaps a bit excessive. But that's the U.S. of A. for ya.
* Chocolate Milano: I don't get it. Where are the crunchy wafers with the thin sliver of chocolate in the middle? Am I supposed to be in Milan? I was trying to get to Pepperidge Farm!
* Chocolate Pomegranate Swirl: I went and looked up "Whoa" in the dictionary and this is what I got.
* Chocolate Salt Malt: Just enough salt, but could use a little more malt.
* Coconut Chai: Needs more chai. All I taste is the coconut.
* Coconut Tea: Why are we doing this? For people who can't handle the excitement of chai or bergamot or something? 
* Earl Grey Sriracha: I can barely taste either ingredient that this flavor has in its title.
* Goldenberg Peanut Chews Vanilla Molasses: A Philly classic--Great flavor! And the molasses is so old-school that it tastes like new. 
* Lime Toasted Coconut: Please give us more lime! And more toast!
* Lychee Lemonade: It's another sherbet! And another fine one at that!
* Mint Cookie: Classic mint chocolate cookies in a mint ice cream. Of course, the mint in the ice cream could be a little stronger...
* Peppermint Hot Chocolate: Not quite sure why this is a seasonal flavor, or where the hot part comes in, but okay. sure.
* Reanimator Coffee Red Eye: Strong stuff. Do not eat after 7pm unless you want to be up all night.
* Smoked Cinnamon: Nice in a 2-scoop combo with Banana Chip or Chipotle Chocolate. Were I to make it, I'd add a pinch of chipotle into to the mix to make the smoky-spicy palette pop out more.
* Speculoos: If I had a nickel for every time I heard someone ask what this is...
* Strawberry Pinkpeppercorn: Pink pepper is such a great spice and they do it just right in this flavor, but this needs more strawberry.
* Thai Iced Tea: Makes up for all of the places that only offer Thai tea with condensed milk, the coconut cream is a perfect fit for this flavor.
If the Little Baby changes a flavor, I'll adjust this review. And someone else can handle the dairy--Vegan is all I do.Really fresh and good ice cream. All of it is made on premises. The owner who waited on us had to give us five or six tastes, without rolling an eye. A tad expensive ($4 per cup) but worth the treat.Creative flavors, a nice staff who will patiently let 2 people sample 8 flavors before making a decision, a world-record for pizza paraphernalia, and a curious music selection (including Chariots of Fire) - what a great combination for an ice cream spot! We opted for the 6 mini scoops (comparable to 2 normal scoops) for $6 in order to enjoy more flavors. My favorites were the Earl Gray Sriracha and the Blueberry Ginger, both of which had a little kick and were full of flavor.I love little baby's! They had me at Mint Julep! When you walk into little baby's you look at the menu in pure skepticism. That as an sweet ice cream treat!? No that can't be good. But then they offer you samples and you are faced with the hardest decision. Earl grey sriracha? everything bagel? mint julep? banana balsamic? THEY ARE ALL AMAZING.. lately, I have been really into their ice cream sandwiches. You can pick your cookies (chai snickerdoodle and oatmeal are both fabulous) and your ice cream. 
Overall, their crazy flavor combos are a refreshing twist to your favorite sweet treat. They recently opened another spot in UC. I know they will be seeing me a lot there!Hot tip: Little Baby's makes the best housewarming/party gift ever, especially if you're participating in #DryJanuary.
Hotter tip: Buy the "5 pints, get 1 free" card for $40 to save up front.
Hottest tip: Pumpkin speculoos. 
These folks have the utmost patience when it comes to tasting every flavor they have to offer. Thank you Little Baby's!The staff have a charming exuberance for pizza flavored and everything flavored ice cream.
Perhaps my palate doesn't appreciate those nuances...but why should it? 
They aren't particularly good. Unique- yes...
But not flavors necessarily suited for icecream. 
I opted for a more traditional
Chocolate-chocolate cookie dough. 
It was delicious. But honestly I think I would have been happier on line waiting for Franklin Fountain or my go-to Capogiro. 
Sigh. I'll have to go back, I really wanted to like this experience. At some point maybe I'll enjoy A1 steak sauce/Jasmine ice cream.Such unique and delicious flavors. There are very few times where I think it's worth getting ice cream at an old-fashioned ice cream shop over getting a pint or two from the store. But here, the ice cream flavors are incredibly unique, creamy, and delicious. Definitely worth coming, but go to Pizza Brain first for a slice next door!Best ice cream ever! Worth the trip out into the Fishtown area. I had the coconut chai, chipotle chocolate, and bourbon bourbon vanilla. Coconut chai tasted more like coconut than chai, but still really good. Bourbon Vanilla was second best out of the three. Tasted like vanilla with a kick of bourbon at the end. Chipotle chocolate was the best by far! Tasted like chocolate at the start then a surprise spicy kick of chipotle at the end. How do they do that?? Definitely worth a try!
Will go back to try the milkshakes and the customizable ice cream cookies!HOLY CRAP. I love and hate that these guys are right around the corer from me. Love because their ice cream is ridiculously amazing. Earl Grey Sriracha = awesome. Ordered it because it sounded super gross and wasn't entirely convinced, but I can definitely recommend it (though it's SPICY kind of sort of in an aftertaste-y kind of way. I don't know, try it and you'll understand). Hate because if I keep coming here I'm going to weigh 300 pounds and have diabetes. It'd be totally worth it though. They have a great selection of weird flavors and carry both dairy and vegan ice creams. The inside of the shop looks like the set from Pee Wee's Playhouse. The staff is adorable and super helpful. I love this place.A pretty good selection of vegan icecreams but I wasn't incredibly impressed with the taste. It was okay. I just couldn't find one I was really crazy for. Two stars for having so many options and one extra star for the creativity though. I'd be willing to try it again if I'm in the neighborhood.I've heard a lot of hype about this ice cream. 
Maybe, people are taken in by the odd flavor combinations? 
I had a Cardamom Caramel. I needed more caramel flavor in it. The Cardamom was prevalent in smell, but not so much in flavor. The ice cream has a grainy feel to it, not smooth. It was creamy tasting. 
My son had a salted chocolate malt flavor in an ice cream sandwhich. It was clearly delicious and the better of the two choices we selected. It still was a little grainy. But, it was delicious and I was glad when I could finish it for him. It was a hand made sandwhich with your choice of cookies and ice cream.
This is a hipster place. Most of the patrons had tattoos. So if you want to fit in at this location make sure you do as well, or at least look cool in some way. 
The ice cream is pricey at $6 for 2 scoops, and small sized scoops. There is a single scoop option and triple scoop option.
It is good ice cream. Not the best I have ever had, but it is unique and good.
I think this place gets a little more hype than it should. It's ok, but not great.
And granted, I am a midwesterner that came from land of plenteous dairy products.had it last night at the Further show.  WOW incredible. I only found them on Yelp after i googled the flavor i had and this showed up. Apparently im not the only one in love with cardamon and caramel ice cream. Headin down to Philly to get me some.I can't express my love of Little Baby's enough. My absolute favorite flavor of theirs is the blueberry ginger, and the cardamom caramel is a close second. The flavors rotate quickly, so it's always a surprise which ones will be available!Neat little place! Same location with Pizza Brain. They have flavors that you can't find anywhere.. I'll make this short, they are very friendly and have fast service. Don't be intimated by the long line! The Thai Iced Tea Ice Cream is to die for! BTW, this is not cheap place :) You get what you pay forBest dairy-free, vegan ice cream!  So much better than store-bought Coconut Bliss, So Delicious, Tofutti, and DF Maven ice cream. I personally like ice cream more airy, and light vs heavy (Ben & Jerry's).  Speculoos, Lychee Lemon, and Mint Cookies are awesome!  Little Baby's should sell nationally!Was lucky enough to get my hands on some Little Baby's at the Philly Roller Girls bout this weekend, and it definitely lived up to the hype. I got scoops of the Earl Grey Sriracha and Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla. Two very different flavors, both really excellent. The Earl Grey Sriracha started off smooth and slightly spiced, with the familiar flavors of the tea, but then leaves you with a lingering afterburn of spiciness that keeps you going back in for more. The Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla is super creamy and rich-not overly sweet, with a slightly boozy deliciousness and caramel-y taste that immediately made me want to try it in a milkshake. 
I'm now on a mission to try the rest of their flavors AND get more of these two winners. A great local addition to Philly's ice cream scene.Love their innovative ice cream flavors. As I am lactose intolerant they have great dairy altnertive choices. Had the coconut lime last time and it was fantastic. A little on the pricier side but worth the splurge.Best Vegan ice cream around. Amazing, crazy flavors that I'm sure you will not find anywhere else. Service is always good as well. They have a Pay-it-Forward board too for those that are into helping others. Always an amazing treat but do not buy the quart. YOU WILL EAT THE WHOLE THING IN 2 DAYS... I PROMISE!!Posted this previous review for the wrong location - moving it to its correct spot. Otherwise by merit of this location being attached to pizza brain - excellent job at associating with perfection. Pizza brain is incredible, ride on their success and for the love of God, help out the little baby's west philly location put some better flavors out there.Deliciouse Ice Cream in Crazy and Not-So-Crazy Flavors. Many Non-Dairy Options
Is Ice cream supposed to be a culinary experience of discovery and re-invention? If you answered no to this, then a trip over to Little Baby's Ice Cream may change your mind. I will admit to scoffing at some of the selections. Everything Bagel Ice Cream? Earl Grey Sriracha? Who do these weirdoes think they are? But, somehow these strange offerings seem to work. I mean, this doesn't replace chocolate mocha fudge any more than The Velvet Underground replaced the Beatles. It is it's own weird and wonderful thing and should be enjoyed as such. Not all flavors are as extreme eithe,r so don't be afraid to bring your cynic friends. The Bourbon Bourbon vanilla or the Coffee Toffee should safely accommodate the more timid.Umm....hell yes! If you have never been to Little Baby's,  don't google them. Their, shall we say "memorable" video may pop up and you may have nightmares for a week. Just kidding. Kind of. So creepy. So hilarious. I guess when your shit is this good you can do whatever you want. 
First of all, selfishly I love it because it caters so well to vegans!! Why, thank you!! I've never had a vegan flavor I didn't like. They are all so unique, creamy and delish!!! Favorites include toasted coconut, everything bagel (yea, you read that right) and speculous!! They have an excellent variety in both regular and dairy-free. Whether it's laced with Sriracha, Red Bull or earl gray tea, you will not be disappointed when steeping out of your comfort zone. As many times as I've been here, there's always a new creative concoction waiting for me to try! Sure they have some "normal" flavors too, but I say go big or go home. They give samples so go for it! And Hello....make your scoop into an ice-cream sandwich on huge VEGAN cookies?! Oh my goodness!! Seriously dying over this!! 
Love the Nerds in the pepper mill. Such a quirky, fun touch. Don't miss a photo op in the Saved By The Bell looking shower stall while waiting in line! 
The place is decked out in awesome 90's junk...Ninja Turtles, Pizza Party (remember that game?!) and pizza movie posters because it's attached to Pizza Brain for those who don't already know. Pizza Brain is in The Guinness Book of World Record for most pizza memorabilia and you get a taste of that while in Little Baby's. The genius combination of these two make for a fun, delicious, inexpensive night out. Just don't eat for a week in preparation. Pizza & ice cream, what's not to love?! You can eat ice-cream in the pizza place and visa versa....yeah baby! 
The deck out front is a great spot to eat your scoops. Nice to just chill on a summer night with puppy in tow and sit and hipster watch. The courtyard out back painted perfectly and hilariously with Philly "legends" is also a great spot to eat your ice cream. It's BYOB too. Live it up! YOLO :) Totally kidding. 
Fab Philly Mom says: Duh, yes, get here! Why haven't you brought your kids here yet?!!!Vegan ice cream!  VEGAN FRIGGIN' ICE CREAM!  And it tastes good.  Little Baby's, you can have my first born.
In all seriousness, though, the vegan coconut cream mint chocolate chip is for real.Mobile ice cream stand on a bicycle with unique flavors. The banana chip was great. The coconut chai was very coconutty. Of all, the earl grey sriricha was the most interesting, perhaps because it made me question whether my taste buds exist. Still not sure what it tasted like and even more unsure of a way to describe it. Hangs out in No Libs Thursday-Sunday on the corner of 2nd and Brown.Creative flavor combinations exploding in your mouth. This is basically the best way to describe Little Baby's.  I see them at events all the time in Northern Libs and around the city and I can't resist.  Yes, it's expensive but it's worth it because it's unlike any ice cream you can get anywhere else. When I saw the Little Baby's Ice Cream cart at Morgan's Pier, my first thought was: Genius. Whomever came up with this idea is clearly brilliant. I'm a huge fan and you will be soon.This is the icecream I could create if you locked me in a Whole Foods high on life. Harold & kumar-grade fantasies come to life. 
The cookies they use for icecream sandwiches are a strange gummy consistency that compliment the icecream surprisingly well. Plus, they're EVERYWHERE. Like an act of quantum physics, Little Baby's pop up when you're sweatiest and/or drunkest on a hot night out.Meh. Gotta have some more normal flavors. I've been 3x and each time the ice cream has been too soft. Impossible to eat out of a cone, they had to put the cone upside down in a cup for everyone that ordered one since it was so melty. Had a hair in a test scoop they gave me. $5 for a small. Better options nearby.Birch beer vanilla bean sugar cookie Icecream sandwich!!! Went there for the Thai tea Icecream but they were all out. I'm still extremely disappointed about but there's always next time. Got the Icecream sandwich and a cup for $10, little pricey for Icecream but the fun decor and yummy flavors made it well worth it.Came here last night to try this place that my friend keeps raving about. She mentioned they usually have crazy flavors, so I thought why not be adventurous? Although I am usually a plain vanilla girl.
Unfortunately the night I went they did not have anything out of the ordinary. It seems like they also switch up their flavors daily, so I probably have to come again to try something crazy.
I sampled the thai iced tea and the bourbon bourbon Vanilla, I ordered the latter.
The vanilla enters and the bourbon makes an entrance just at the end of the bite, making you want more. For those that want a more adult taste of vanilla, go for this flavor!
My only turn off is the mix of pizza smell, which can be a bit nauseating right next to an ice cream shop...but you get over it once you exit the building. I highly recommend sitting on their wooden benches - with the pretty garden lights it's a perfect spot for a quick stop on a date or a a summer night with friends!I love ice-cream/ gelato in many variations.  Yes, their flavors are very unique, but the only reason I bought a tiny cup of vegan banana-chip was because I tried so many flavors, and felt guilty.  
I tried the bourbon vanilla, chocolate chipotle, and banana balsamic.  
Vanilla was incredibly sweet.  I'm not a fan of incredibly sweet.
Chocolate was so delicious but had far too much of a kick for my ice-cream palate.  
Banana balsamic was virtually inedible.  I figured it would have a hint of savory, but it was extreme overload(in my opinion).
The vegan banana-chip was also crazy sweet, but I probably would have loved it if I were still living an animal-free lifestyle.  That being said, I've had better vegan ice-cream from govindas.
Two side notes(one positive, one negative) :  they do not allow you to combine two flavors in one cup, but on a positive note they have "dry" soda(I love that soda, and in Philly, you can only purchase it here and at blackbird.
If you like STRONG, inventive, and some seemingly un-meshed flavors you'll probably like it here.
If you love good chocolate ice-cream, and don't mind a kick....definitely try the chocolate chipotle.  It's not my cup of tea, but I could see someone LOVING it.It always great to get some dessert after Pizza at Pizza brain. Little baby's has great bourbon vanilla and they are generous with their scoops. Beats going to coldstone on Aramingo. The lines are never crazy at all. Flavors are a hit or miss. If you're a picky eater you should call ahead of time for flavors in Stock.The Fishtown location is closed today. They had a flood. Sadly I came here specifically for them.i'm not a big ice cream person...so this review may be a little biased. their earl gray sriracha...i did not like at all. i couldn't get on board with the flavors they were offering today. my friend got the coconut tea with chocolate chips which i thought was just ok and i opted for the acai bowl which was interesting but nothing exciting. idk i'd like to try some more of their different flavors but who knows when i'll be in the mood for ice cream again. the only reason for the three stars is because the two kids working were so nice and patient. i'd give them another try just based on their hospitality.This vegan's trip to Lil Baby's was positive yet vexing. Take a look at the dairy and non-dairy flavors. The dairy flavors all sounded wonderful, coffee, vanilla, chocolate and pizza. A pizza ice cream!!! Sounds great! Alas, all the non-dairy flavors sounded  like food experiments. They do not mimic ice-cream flavors at all and almost all are spicy. I wound up having Chipotle Chocolate and Thai Peanut. They went well together.
My challenge to Little Baby's is, please get outside of your box when it comes to non-dairy flavors. They CAN mimic ice cream! Have you been to Lula's in New York? 
It would be cool if one or two of the non-dairy flavors were odd experiments with spice but do they all have to be?I was not expecting the weird ice cream flavors to be so amazingly good! Flavors like "vanilla cardamom cream" and "Thai iced tea" are so delicious and unexpected.So nice to have a great local hand crafted ice cream shop in the neighborhood. The flavors and Deco are super creative. It feels like you are walking into willy wonks's when u enter. Playful and unexpected! Thank u lil baby's! We will be back soon!Awesome little spot in Fish Town. We walked over here from the Memphis Tap Room.
Really cool rotating flavors, friendly staff and cool, artistic decor. We had the El Vocho, Blueberry Ginger,  & Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon. The El Vocho was Pineapple, Jallepe探, and coriander. Sounds weird but was really good. They let you sample the flavors too before buying. We liked the Blueberry Ginger the most of all three. The ice cream was fresh and not overly, crazy sweet...which is a good thing for me. The reason they did not get 5 stars is the price. $4.00 for a small cup or cone is a little on the steep side, just saying.
There are places to sit inside and outside. It's a nice location. Yeah, there are some hipsters there but that doesn't bother me. The times they are a changing. 
We will definitely be back to try some other flavors.Hands down the most bad-ass ice cream place I've ever experienced!  With flavors like Earl Grey Sriracha and Coconut Chai, how can it not be?
My wife and I first experienced Little Baby's at Green Isle Grocery, who by the way, are also some of the coolest foodies in Philadelphia.  We picked up a pint of Vegan Coconut Earl Grey Sriracha and have been sold ever since.
Now that LBIC has opened up their new store front along side with Pizza Brain, it's Philadelphia's greatest combination.  I stopped by the shop last week and picked up a pint of Speculoos and had them make a Coffee Toffee almond milk milkshake.  Coffee Toffee is infused for 1 or 2 days in Blue Bottle coffee - how does that not sound like the greatest coffee flavored ice cream in America?
Keep up the good work Little Baby's... and keep the creepy commercials coming!As someone who can't have dairy, this place is amazing. They have about as many non-dairy as regular flavors. While they aren't as hard as a normal ice cream, the texture and flavor were fantastic. Plus, the woman working there was very friendly and encouraged us to try different flavors.Best coffee ice cream I've ever eaten.  The quality was superb.  You can definitely taste the difference that using a local dairy and making small batches makes.  The staff was attentive, and offered to let us taste anything we wanted to.  I wish I lived closer!Tried the speculoos and it honestly tasted like I went to sugar cookie land! Absolutely amazing flavor. This ice cream was flavorful  and creamy without being sugar laden and overly sweet! Got a pint to take home and once the Mr. tries it, I'm sure it will be gone tonight!! So good!I had my first taste of Little Baby ice cream today when I bought a pint of cardamom caramel at Green Aisle Grocery.  I think they have some sort of exclusive distribution deal.  I have to say it was amazing.  Aside from the price, which was $9 for the pint - think from the reviews I have read tracking down the truck would be a better deal and then I could do a little sampling. Texture, flavor, sweetness were all spot on for me.  I could truly be addicted and because it is so rich tasting I was actually sated eating just  1/2 a cup or a little less - never been the case with any other ice cream I have ever eaten.  I am a fan and will definitely be tracking down the ice cream tricycle.  I hope they open their distribution to other stores in the Philly area soon.Tasty. Dairy free options made me do my happy dance. So good. Had chocolate Milano. Smooth, chocolatey and dairy free delicious. Boyfriend had Bourbon Bourbon Vanjlla. (He can have dairy) tasty. Small batch so you risk running out of a favorite but good to taste them all!Unique flavors but small amount of flavors. I expected a little more based on Yelp reviews I read. I think they have more to offer in the warmer months. Mostly college crowd the night I went. 
Ice cream had really great flavor. Had the Fig Wheat.Of course I'm not psyched on the prices, but that's cuz I'm cheap! None of that matters after I take that first bite. Totally worth it. Last time I was there I ordered a custom made ice cream sandwich. I chose the vegan coconut cookie with vegan chipotle chocolate ice cream. So rich! Loved every bite and I didn't even get a stomach ache after. These cost only $5 which is a pretty good deal relative to the scoop and milkshake prices.Can ice cream be elegant?
I think it can - so I submit to you, that Little Baby's Ice cream serves up some seriously elegant ice cream.  Get yourself some!  Gourmet and innovative flavors - that don't whack you over the head.  
I do declare that a scoop each of Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon and Balsamic Banana is the new modern mix equivalent of a basic childhood favorite, but with twice the flavor and depth.
Not to mention. Speculoos.  Oh, Speculoos. Be still my beatin' heart!
Delicious treat for a hot summer day.  (oh, and guess what? They've not got their own little brick and mortar store - aside from the trucks - right in Fishtown)As yelpers, people assume we have the inside track on what is up and coming in the philly food world.  While this is true for most of you guys out there, that is not my story.  No, usually I find out about things a week or a month after it hits the yelp community.
However, my story with Little Baby's goes back months.  I had the inside track, which really doesn't matter (and I swear I am not being bragadocious) except for the fact that I had to wait and wait and watch as they figured out flavors and posted details about their ice cream creations, tempting me all the more.  I (and the rest of you kids) don't have to wait anymore!
I wasn't able to make it to their first appearance at the Trenton Street Arts Fest, but I did make it to the Punk Rock Flea Market today.  Unfortunately they had sold out of the Earl Grey Sriracha that both Blake F. and Vinny P. raved about at the Yelp awards last night (those jerks also got the first two reviews, something I was planning to do).  
I had plenty of other flavor choices despite the lack of Earl Grey.  I went for the bourbon bourbon vanilla (so good), the cardamom caramel (so so good) and the balsamic banana (so so so good).  Blake F, like a true addict, went back for another round today and got the peanut butter maple tarragon, which I also sampled and it was perfect peanut buttery goodness.
It is only fitting that in the city that was once considered the ice cream capital of the US, that ice cream would be reinvented and elevated to another level.  I can't wait to try all of their flavors.  You shouldn't wait either.When most people move to a new place, they look for things like dentists, hairdressers, and places of worship; my family, we look for ice cream shops. Growing up in and around Lancaster County always made that an easy task, but the older I got, the more I moved around, the more I realized...it can be damn hard to find quality ice cream.
I've been back in Philadelphia for about 8 months now, and was shocked that the only place to get good ice cream in the city was still the Franklin Fountain. Now, don't get me wrong, I love the Fountain as much as the next girl, but I enjoy trying new things...different things. ALAS! LITTLE BABY'S ICE CREAM! I drove past a logo for it a few month ago and googled my little fingers off to figure out where I could get some of this delicious goodness. Today, I finally got to sink my taste buds into some Little Baby's.
The shop is cute...but very quiet. I was surprised that in a trendy shop and neighborhood like Fishtown, nobody was rocking out. I know they are opening pizza brain next door, which appears to be attached to Little Baby's, so maybe the construction has something to do with it. The staff was friendly and helpful and allowed me to the taste the Speculoos Non-Dairy Ice Cream before ordering. (side note: perfection). My only issue was food safety: nothing was wrapped around my cone before it was touched by the employee (who was also touching the register and money) not to mention, my cone was also being touched by her long hair which was not pulled back. Maybe I am just a stickler because I work in the industry, I may not have noticed otherwise. 
Regardless of my food safety issues, I still ate every bite, including the cone. The Speculoos was AMAZING, sort of a ginger snap cookie ice cream, but gooey, chewy cookies... A+. I also had a scoop of the Banana Chip, which was also Non-Dairy. Not a super unique flavor, but a good classic, especially for a non-dairy ice cream. The good news is, there seem to be many unique Classic and Non-Dairy ice creams to try! Cardamon Caramel and a Red Velvet Cake something also caught my eye. 
I will definitely be returning to Little Baby's Ice Cream soon. Five Star Ice Cream, thats for sure, just one star loss for the hair and handling of my ice cream cone.Exotic flavors and vegan options! Also shares the same building as a pizza joint, so a nice little duo going on. I've loved every flavor I've gotten so far, especially the cardamom - which my boyfriend hated and STILL talks about hating. To each his own ... 
To those reviewers who dislike what they ordered - sample first or try a sample flight. The staff is very helpful, though it can get a little crazy in the small ordering area. 
A cute little local place with exciting flavors who also cater to the non dairy crowd!The flavors I've got are amazing, but there has been many times where I had to leave ice cream less because none of the flavors appealed to me!  
I like that they lean towards the more natural agreements, despite the fact that this means non-green mint chocolate chip ice cream.Got the caramel cardamom and smoked cinnamon.  The cinnamon was good, but I had to take home a pint of the caramel cardamom.  It's not cheap, but definitely worth the price.  Looking forward to trying other flavors.  The city should have more places like this.This review is for the newly released shop on Frankford Avenue and Dauphin Street in East Kensington!
I went to the soft opening last night, a few nights before their expected grand opening party on August 3rd and I was so impressed!
The storefront is bright and reflects the positive vibes of the company and the progress that they have made from one small tricycle to four established tricycles and a storefront in a bustling area (North Port Fishington). 
The store offers several varieties of ice cream, 12 constantly rotating flavors but certain staples will always be made available. I got to try the two newest flavors: Maryland Barbeque, which has hints of Old Bay, and the Sour Cherry. Both were awesome and I look forward to seeing newer flavors as the year goes on.
One scoop goes for $4, two for $6, and the best bargain at three scoops for $7.
They also have additional toppings for an extra $1. And perhaps the coolest addition is the ice cream sandwich, priced at $5.
The variety of both dairy and non-dairy flavors makes this a shop anyone would love and I look forward to eating there again!Super cute place with it's own way of doing things. 
Love that there is always a rotating flavor. When I was visiting Philadelphia, it happened to be a BBQ ice cream (Wut?!?!?!?!), but for some reason it worked. 
I got the Butterscotch Scotch -- and it was as yummy as it sounds!Unique flavors! I especially like the earl grey sirarcha, but wish that it can be a tad bit spicier! Other than that -- some amazing flavors! Honey's buttermilk blueberry is amazing too!This place is so surprisingly great! I was very skeptical of some of the flavors like pizza (which was strange but somehow good), but everyone is guaranteed to find a flavor they like out of this unique lot. The staff is super friendly and Will give you a taste of literally every flavor they have. I think I tasted about 9, and the guy even offered to go into the back and see if there were more flavors for us. I eventually settled on the birch beer vanilla which was like root beer, and the smoky cinnamon which was flavorful and delicious. This ice cream is unique to Philadelphia and a must have if you are just visiting the area as a once in a lifetime experience. I definitely recommend it!the weirder the flavor sounds, the more likely you'll be to love it. speculoos is really delicious & so is the earl grey Sriracha (& i hate Sriracha). a little pricey but im used to paying more for vegan ice cream. and the smallest size is all you need because all the options are so rich & flavorful!AMAZING! I had the vegan coconut lime, and it was perfect! I'm looking forward to trying the other flavors!The choices for non-dairy are wonderful, not boring vanilla or chocolate.  I had a sweet potato burnt marshmallow non dairy cone.  It was like eating a sweet potato casserole, it was so good.  The service was great, offering tastes of flavors before ordering, and not getting impatient with us.  We'll be back for sure!So delicious and creative flavors.  Not an everyday thing, since it can be a bit pricey, but a perfect splurge for a night out.  Staff is friendly whether it's the store front or the tricycles.Any ol hipster would give Lil Baby's 5 stars. It's a rights of passage that screams, I AM COOL ENOUGH TO EAT THIS ICE CREAM! It's cocktail conversation fodder, "yeah, I ate a scoop of Earl Grey Sriracha today, no biggie, just another day in the life." Bhut, let's take a step back and embrace that pain is beauty. The heat burning out of your ice creams hurts, but you want more. The funk coming from that Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon kinda blows, but you lick that cone up just to prove that you are down with these groovy flavors of this nameless decade. But, are you? Maybe ice cream just needs to be comforting, like a big hug at the end of a long, hard day. Maybe I've been spoiled (and ruined) by living in Los Angeles and eating Scoops ice cream for so many years. But to me, I would not go out of my way to come back again, but my opinion is just one of many and it's all about expectation management.I appreciate home made, small batch stuff just as much as the next kid. And I think that's where the majority of Little Baby's charm originates...that and the wacky flavors. I can't get past the mental block that is telling me ice cream and sriacha don't mesh, so I played it safe with my flavor choices. I got chocolate malt, which was yummy. And the bourbon vanilla which was my favorite. But for more adventurous types, crazier flavors exist. I remember a Memphis bbq flavored ice cream being available also.  However, what wasn't available sadly were things like chocolate syrup, jimmies, etc. I think the folks at Little Baby's don't want to sully their creations with the likes of these accoutrements, but I like dousing my ice cream in chocolate syrup so I was a bit disappointed. Also, $7 for a cup of ice cream is a little outrageous, but it's an experience I suppose!Went back to Little Baby's this weekend to satisfy a craving for super soft, home-made ice cream.
We got the coffee toffee and the birch beer vanilla bean. Both were mighty tasty, but I was super duper disappointed that the coffee toffee didn't have any bits of toffee in it. What?! Come on, LB, come on.
I have to say that the best part of this ice cream is definitely the texture. The consistency is what keeps me craving it, not necessarily their flavors.
I think next time I go, I'll try their ice cream "flight."Gotta give it up to these guys, I finally got around to trying the Cardamom Caramel from Green Aisle, priced a little heavy at $9 a pint, but definitely a delicious, rewarding experience. I didn't know what to expect but all I know is that the ice cream looked and tasted great. Nothing too overpowering which was my biggest concern going into it. Just a great balance of caramel and cardamom in a very creamy and delicious ice cream. 
Can't wait for the Frankford Avenue shop to open up, definitely going to be supporting them!
I would next time consider buying another pint, looking forward to Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla Bean!Update: On my second trip there were better non-dairy choices such as chocolate mint, vanilla molasses (with a Peanut Chews tie-in) and burnt marshmallow sweet potato. I had the vanilla and the sweet potato. I really liked the vanilla. It got better with each bite. The sweet potato was good though I did not detect much burnt marshmallow. Definitely worth another trip.Little Baby's ice cream is very good, the owners locally source their (cows)milk and some of their ingredients. If it is your first time, I would suggest going with two people and getting one vegan ice cream sampler and one non-vegan ice cream sampler to check out the various flavors. For the fourth of July my Aunt and Uncle bought a pint of the Arctic Splash and the Yards Brawler, the Yards Brawler is non-alcoholic, the recipe calls for the malt or hops that is used to make the beer. The Arctic Splash is just as tart and cloying as the iced tea. I really liked the Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon when it was offered.
Last time I came here I believe it was cash only. I like that they have just as many vegan options as non-vegan options.Ice cream sandwich I had was delicious. Couldn't even tell the ice cream was non dairyBest vegan ice cream ever!! I go here all the time and have never had a bad experience.The day we went yielded some very interesting flavors, a bit hard for a Little Baby's virgin. I ended up with Stout and Whisky on a Chocolate cherry cookie. A friend stayed in Philly after we left and said there was Thai Iced Tea flavor the following day and I was INTENSELY jealous.
Another in our party got the dairy free Toasted Cinnamon and I never would have known that it was non dairy. Very well done. The cookies from what I understand are all vegan and I never would have guessed. Very moist and flavorful. The next time I'm in Philly this is absolutely a must to visit.kind of pricey for ice cream, but they do have very unique variety of ice creams that are good.
I think for me the price does not justify the amount of ice cream and the flavor of the ice cream. but i do have a bias because I am a purist and I love my pure, untouched chocolate ice cream.
You don't have to do much to win me on chocolate ice cream, but it would be nice if they made some regular options as staples.
Overall it is a nice place to stroll on by after a meal in fishtown to get some ice cream when friends come to visit. It's somewhere to check out but I would not go there every day, day in and day out. Or even regularly. Its a treat, which now thinking about it, that's what it should be.Pains me.  Cool flavors, which are tasty without being overly rich, and I appreciate that they give out samples.  However, the servings are wicked small for the price (plus, if you want 2 flavors in a small, you need to get it as a "topping" for $1 extra...my favorite ice cream place back home, which will not be named because it pains me too much that it's 250 miles away, will give you 2 in their kiddie size), no chocolate jimmies, and mass-produced cones.  I'd certainly patronize their mobile carts if convenient and I think the bourbon bourbon vanilla would make a fantastic beer float, but I don't think I'd go out of my way.My favorite ice cream in philly.  Knocks franklin fountain and bassets out of the park.
I had the pleasure of happening upon a Little Baby's tricycle at Morgan's Pier... boy was I lucky...
They have equal options of vegan (coconut-based) and philly style ice creams.  I learned that philly style ice creams have about double the milk fat of normal ice cream, which might explain why this place totally kicks ass. 
The flavors are adventurous, but you can't go wrong with any of them.  I tried the strawberry peppercorn, mint julep (made with maker's mark!!!), earl grey siracha (YUM), coconut chai, and this really awesome pineapple, tequila, jalapeno ice cream, which was my favorite flavor.
The scoops are generous, and you get a better value the more scoops you buy -- so don't feel bad when after you've killed about a pint of milk-fatty goodness.Vegans rejoice! It's so great to know that there is a place to know when you want something sweet and sorbet and water ice doesn't cut it. My boyfriend and I live in Deptford and make special trips to Little Baby's on occasion. I usually get an ice cream sandwich (made with vegan cookies) go big or go home! The cookies are amazing. I don't know if they sell cookies by themselves, but they should. The ice cream flavors are unique but are always tasty. If choosing a sandwich, I usually ask what they recommend as a pairing and they are pretty helpful. The ice cream is rich and decadent and doesn't lack any flavor. Ugh.... Now I want some!Speculoos? Yes and give me the whole bucket. In case you aren't a food nerd like me, speculoos is the flavoring in the cinnamon spice cookies you get on Delta airlines, and it is by far one of the more unique flavors of sweet treat I have come across. To see it in non-dairy ice cream in Philadelphia made my food nerd heart happy. 
There are sweet and savory flavors, and they are weird. Strawberry peppercorn was the other one I tried and it was good, but I didn't want to have it $4 worth. Prices are super reasonable for something that's so boutiqueish as this place. They also have a pay-it-forward ice cream board, where you can pay for ice cream for somebody in the future. Attached to Pizza Brain and definitely worth saving room in your belly for.as fellow yelper vinny P and i wandered about the trenton street arts fest on this superbly sunny saturday, a craving set in: ICE CREAM. there was a mister softee truck with a short line, but we were willing to wait a little longer for the intriguing flavors calling to us from the little baby's truck......
coffee toffee!!
bourbon bourbon vanilla!!
cardamom caramel!!
earl grey sriracha!!
we got a scoop of each of these 4 and faltered between wanting the other person to try the amazing flavor we had just eaten, and wanting to save it all for ourselves. ultimately, we shared nicely. and yes, you read right, earl grey sriracha - as in the tea and the cock sauce - which tasted exactly as you would expect it to: awesome. not only are the flavors unique and robust, the consistency is so creamy; you can tell this stuff is homemade. 
can't wait to sample more little baby's ice cream throughout the summer!!The list of flavor combos was the first thing that made me dying to test out Little Baby's Ice Cream (Balsamic Banana, Grilled Peach and Mint, EARL GREY SRIRACHA, Vegan Coconut Tea). The second was their means of ice cream dispensing- a tricycle. And then there is the name and the logo, too freakin cute. So far, Little Baby's  serves their handmade ice cream at various city wide events and delivers small shipments to  Green Aisle grocer, so their elusiveness further adds to the appeal. I tracked them down like a hungry lion.
Scoops are $2 each. It was easy to pass on the yerba mate, I brought some of the real stuff back from Argentina for my mom and she declared it tastes like a doormat, so now it's ruined for me. I had one scoop of the bourbon bourbon vanilla and one scoop of the earl grey sriracha. The vanilla is a great version of a classic, but as a bourbon lover, I could have handled even more bourbon. The early grey sriracha was what I was most excited to try. I love both early grey and sriracha, but the combination is nothing I could ever dream up. Earl grey can sometimes get a little too cologne-ish from the bergamot, but the flavor was not overpowering here.  The sriracha element is just a mild heat throughout the cool, creamy ice cream. Why have I not consumed more spicy ice cream?
The peanut butter maple tarragon was too melty to be served while I was there but I was spoon fed a little taste of it and it was very groovy. Somehow the stream of crazy combos are kept subtle which makes them work. And as an added bonus, both the fellow and lady who served up my Little Baby's were easy on the eyes...Philadelphia style ice cream (evidently that means no eggs, who knew?) We went to the one inside the Pizza brain.
Speculoos (kinda like a Ginger Snap) was great. If it's your first time, get the 6 mini scoops deal, nice option to see what they are about.
We also had the:
Birch beer vanilla (good)
Earl Grey Sriracha )great)
Chocolate Chipotle (great)
Smoked Cinnamon  (very good)
Peanut Butter Taragon (da' bomb)
Cardamon Caramel (very good)
Get there quick, it's worth itReally?
Earl Grey Sriracha ice cream: the flavors did NOT go.My boyfriend and I first stumbled upon their ice cream at a street fair and he's been hooked ever since...the smoked cinnamon is his favorite. I like the atmosphere and staff is pretty cool. My boyfriend is completely in love with this place. I am not really of fan of all the exotic flavors but it is different. Idk I guess I am boring lol I do like the non dairy ice cream options and the toasted coconut topping is my favorite. I will definitely be a regular customer though despite me not being into all the different flavors. I am looking forward to try their ice cream sandwiches.This place has such quirky flavors that are all a must try! You honestly won't know how to react on how accurate and surprising the flavors they provide.  They don't serve the same flavors every day, so it's a surprise every time. The day I went they had their infamous pizza flavored ice cream, and I couldn't stop laughing for 20 mins after trying it out.We had Little Baby's Ice Cream at our 9/22 wedding (along with cake) and guests are still raving about it. We went with Vanilla Cardamom, Sour Cherry Honey, Chocolate Salt Malt, and Sweet Potato Burnt Marshmallow. Also, the booking process was amazingly simple. My contact throughout the process was Ryan Hendriksen and he was so organized and responsive. I highly, highly recommend this vendor!I don't get excited about ice cream. Sure, I like ice cream. I just never understood the  I scream for ice cream part.
After hearing all the hype about Little Baby's, and seeing the creepy ad, I figured it was time to try it.
We stopped by the cart at the Second Street Festival. A friend and I shared the 3 scoop. Earl Grey Siracha, Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon, and Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla. 
I was not looking forward to the Peanut Butter flavor, however it turned out to be my favorite. I didn't get the Bourbon flavor in the Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla, however I did taste the creamiest Vanilla Beaniest ice cream ever.  The Earl Grey was fine, but didn't stand up to the other two.
For days after, I couldn't stop thinking about Little Baby's Ice Cream. I'm still not screaming for all ice cream, but I am for Little Baby's.I'm not a huge fan of their stranger flavors (Earl Grey Sriracha, Pizza, etc) but I'm sure those flavors aren't bad, they're just not my taste. They make amazing ice cream. I LOVE LOVE LOVE their Birch Beer Vanilla Bean and Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla, and Cardamom Caramel is pretty good too. I also tried my boyfriend's Blueberry Ginger, different but the flavors actually went very well together. Their vegan ice cream is good too. I am often skeptical of vegan dessert items, but their vegan ice cream is so delicious and just like regular ice cream.
Go try it today if you haven't yet. Delicious ice cream, crazy store, it's quite an experience. Plus they're next to/joined with Pizza Brain. Win win.Be warned , this is not your normal go to place . We came across Little Baby's when googling ice cream in the area . Apparently they make their own creations & switch them often . They don't have ANY classic flavors so do not expect to see any vanilla chocolate , etc.  If you're into something more outside the box & have an open mind towards flavors , this will be your spot !The new vegan sriracha-Earl Grey ice cream is one of the best foods I've tasted in my life, and certainly the best ice cream (vegan or otherwise) I've ever had.I think the hipster in me was too anti-hype for this hype-filled hipster ice cream joint in my last review. Hype machine or not, this place is consistently amazing!
If you just want chocolate, strawberry, or vanilla, DO NOT GO HERE. 
If you are looking for something fun and interesting, yet still ultra tasty, indulge!
Honestly, the best bang for your buck is the cookie sandwich option. You get any flavor you want in between two super duper awesome cookies for $5. It is a steal!
Birch Beer Vanilla is amazing. Don't be fooled by its pink color. 
Burnt Cinnamon is delicious.
Speculoos is the absolute winner! SPECULOOS all the way.
Grape Grape Nuts I only saw once and that was amazing as well.
Also would love them to bring back Chocolate Chocolate Cookie Dough. Vanilla is the devil to me and I always am sad that cookie dough ice cream is always is in a vanilla base. boring!
Go here. And be cool and use LevelUp.Chipotle Chocolate Ice Cream. Please.
This review would be 5 stars for sure if that flavor was offered daily. Sometimes LB tweets flavors of the day, which is helpful, because I went a bunch of times this summer and my favorite flavor wasn't in rotation. Sad face.
Rich chocolate-y smoky spicy goodness. Try the chipotle chocolate and thank me later.Excellent ice cream!  The root beer float ice cream was awesome!  The vanilla and bourbon ice cream was too light in flavor - mostly just a vanilla flavor. But the root beer float was great!!  We tried it at the brewerytown food truck festival.  Awesome!  Wish we could have gotten the cardamom ice cream (yes, interesting flavors!)  but they ran out.  Can't wait to find you again!1 word: YUM. Love the ample vegan flavors and non-vegan as well. It is a great place and all of the non-dairy flavors I tried were delicious! The cookies and toppings seemed awesome too! I had a double-baby with banana chip and chocolate chocolate chip cookie dough (both vegan), and it was a GREAT choice! The cucumber dill was also very tasty, but I wanted something a bit more indulgent :) hope to come back and try some of their other flavors soon! The service was also very good and helpful... they let me try all the flavors!When I go to Little Baby's, they usually have to mop up after me! And that's not because of the ice cream!I felt compelled to eat here after seeing their weird article on some flyer. I had the bourbon vanilla which was good. It was a weird nice atmosphere. I haven't tried pizza brain but I think it would be fun to grab some pizza and ice cream with the family.Super hipster place.  I'm all about wearing plaid, saving the planet and Bernie Sanders but not going to pretend I'm into sriracha ice cream with a lavender ribbon and a baked bean sauce on top. 3 stars because I appreciate the effort and creativity. 
Quality ice cream but if you want just a really good typical hot fudge sundae Little Baby's is not the spot for it. Instead go  to 5 Sister's Ice Cream, their ice cream sundaes always left me satisfied and smiling. It's  very close by....attached to the convenient store right under the El, Berks stop.The Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla was very tasty. It's a little pricey at $4 for a single scoop, but the portion was still generous. It's the perfect place for a Sunday afternoon treat.Every single time I visit this shop, I love it!  You can try any flavor you would like to, before you choose what you would like to order.  The staff is always friendly.  The ice cream, regular and non dairy, are of such high quality.  They really take pride in their product!  I love the funky flavors too!  One of my favorite places to go in Fishtown!More balsamic banana please!!
Super tasty and super yummy.  So happy they have vegan flavors and options. I cant wait for more.  My only complaint is that at times I have bought a pint and the flavor was a bit "weaker" then the pint I had bought previously.  However, not a real issue since its tasty regardless.  Can't wait for more flavors in 2012.I am such a big fan of the Little Baby's brand and ice cream that we are having a Little Baby's ice cream cart at my wedding and can't wait to have all of our guests try all the cool flavors! I am posting this review as I recently went in for a private tasting and I feel like a true aficionado as I tried probably 30 different flavors, so Yelp, lemme give you the rundown.
First of all the customer service here is always friendly and fun no matter how long the line is. A personal shout out to Meg who I believe is a manager and she is awesome. Secondly this place is not for the picky minded eater-- though there are tasty flavors like Plain (sweet cream) to appease you too, so fear not! Thirdly-- flavors you would never ever expect to like are actually amazing, like Pizza. Yes, Pizza ice cream is f*cking delicious. Imagine an herby delicious vanilla. 
LBIC also has their stuff together in terms of allergens, they can tell you the ingredients in everything, and they have vegan flavors to appease non animals eaters too. Also the vegan flavors are actually as good as the non vegan flavors. The cookies and cones are also vegan and the cookies are incredible. I believe they come from Crust Vegan Bakery, who also supply baked goods for Hip City Veg. Anywhom the best flavors ranked by me are Brown Butter Brawler-- sweet dear god yum, Lavender Pepper, Sour Honey Cherry, Blueberry Ginger, Chocolate Salt Malt, Dirty Chai and Mint Chocolate Cookie. You can't really go wrong here though as long as you are open minded!Just love this little jewel!! Customer service was awesome!! I was following them on Instagram and went after work! Love the non-dairy options!! It was so good I came back the next day with 3 friends who also loved it!!! I will definitely see you again!!!What an amazing experience!
Me and my wife love ice cream and wanted to try a different place. Came across this place on the web and saw their unique and crazy flavors. We decided to give it a try and boy are we glad we did. I tried the oatmeal raisin and vanilla birch beer and it was awesome. My wife had a peanut butter maple flavored ice cream and it was awesome as well. They also have some non dairy ice creams there as well for those who are lactose intolerant. We will definitely be heading back to this place in the future.The staff is so friendly and kind.  We tried several flavors in order to make our decision.  I choose the salted malt chocolate and it was delicious.  I will surely be back again.  You can also find them at some of the local co-op stores in the Philly area.I am not a huge fan of this establishment. For the 3rd time now I am posting again because I believe that a small business should do a good job in order to gain customers. From my experience this small business has not. When the owners keep removing a bad review, it is not fair to those who may want to read it. Why am I giving this place a bad review? The owners and workers are rude, plain and simple. That is my personal experience and that of other people with whom I have spoken.
  It is my hope that someone will read it. and decide to support another small business that serves ice cream and does a better job. I think that it is a tacky establishment with the bright lights and the tables in the street. 
   The families who live close by have suffered because of this business.  No, I am not some person who comes on here and just writes bad reviews but when someone has treated me poorly, as this place has done I do not wish to support their business.  Yes, I have supported many small businesses in the city. For those reading this, many people are fed up with this place, the trash, the parking issues, the milk deliveries late at night or early in the morning, the trash trucks at 5 am and it is bound to get worse in the summer months. For the owners reading this, please stop emailing me about the issues. You are raking in plenty of money, stop giving excuses. as to why you do these things. Clean up the trash, tell your employees to walk, take the bus, and to stop parking where residential owners need the space. Deal with the fact that the review is not coming off of here. You made your bed now lie in it.This is a perfect way to wash down the great pizza next door at Pizza Brain, with some even better ice cream.
A little counter with shared seating with the pizza shop, there are a bunch of great flavors to choose from. There were 6 flavors of "Philadelphia" style, which contain a ton of butter fat or something like that, and 5 flavors of non-dairy.
We clearly went with the dairy versions, and they were some of the best ice cream I've ever had. We got the Red Velvet Chocolate Swirl, which not only tasted amazing, but looked beautiful too. It had a nice pinkish-red color, with huge chunks of dark red velvet chocolate pieces. We also got the Chocolate Chocolate Cookie Dough, which was even better. This one also had huge, generous chunks of chocolatey cookie dough.
I love this place. I'm gonna try not to stuff myself so much at Pizza Brain next time before dessert here so I have enough room to get one of the great looking ice cream sandwiches and more of these amazing and unique flavors.The non-dairy ice cream! Vegans unite!!
I'll admit I was skeptical of Little Baby's er-untraditional- approach to ice cream, with flavors involving sriracha, chipotle, and more gracing their dairy-free menu. It's really tasty, and while it's a little far for me, it's honestly not that hard to get to (although biking on Frankford can be a little scary -- gotta find another route!).
I'm really looking forward to trying more of their ice creams ... I feel like each time I'll take it a little further, considering the first time I had one scoop, the second two scoops ... I'm not far away from ordering a milkshake, sundae, and then ordering it all with pizza from Pizza Brain next door.