Had heard tons of excellent reviews about this place and was excited to go here. Ended up going for the Sunday tasting menu. I guess like anything that's been hyped up too much, we left disappointed and hungry. Sorry guys, will not be coming back. It's already incredibly difficult to find a table in this place because it is so small, which of course also adds to the hype.
Perhaps a weekday experience where you can order is more satisfying? Sadly, I won't be risking an overpriced, overhyped experience.I am not one to write a review about a dining experience because I am in the restaurant business myself and I feel that people do not give the right perspective of the restaurant just because of something they didn't like personally. That being said I MUST write a review praising Little Fish and their employees last night. My girlfriend and I are both in the business and understand the last minute right before closing two top can be a pain. But we heard great things and it was the only time we could make it. We were the last table in the restaurant and the kitchen staff and our waitress didn't make us feel rushed at all. I have to give a million thanks to the kitchen staff because the food and plating was incredible, just because we were the last table they did not take any less pride in their dishes than they were at the beginning of dinner service. My girlfriend and I have ate all over Philadelphia and hands down I can clearly say that Little Fish has been the best meal I have had in Philadelphia! I mean I never write reviews and I'm here the morning after praising. Keep up the great work over there from one professional to another. I will be back without a doubt to continue to see what new plates you have.This intimate BYOB rocked the dishes they put out. All were simple, beautifully presented, and flavorsome. The downside is that space is quite small so it can get loud as the evening goes on and at times the service felt rushed.Apr 27, 2012
  Went to diner last night with 3 other people. Portions very small  with a limited  & pricy menu.  All entrees were warm, not hot when we were served.
 We are frequent restaurant goers in the City.
 Service was fine.  The restaurant was cold, we asked several times can the heat be turned up.
  When it came time to pay the check we gave the waiter our  $ 100 Little Fish gift card which was rejected.
 The waitier & the owner refused the card saying this is a new owner &   they cannot honor the gift card. The owner said he did not get the money when the card was purchased  therefore the card could not be used by us.
.
  We talked & argued with the owner but to no avail.
  We were disappointed  in the entire evening  & will not return to the restaurant.Great little byob. It's a upscale kind of place, and they charge the price for it, but it's worth it! I had a very tasty amberjack in a miso reduction with a side of veggies I can't really recall. All of it very flavorful and well executed. 
Will returnWe dined here for a friend's birthday who had been there before and said, "It was one of the best meals I've ever had." Based on that, my expectations were high.  Menu is on a chalkboard and hand written on a tiny piece of paper. I like that they offered some unheard of fish, such as Cobia--a whitefish from Florida. My husband ordered that, prepared jerk style with coconut rice. It was good. Not great though. Definitely not $30 great, but I'm willing to pay a premium on fish sustainably caught. Maybe I'm not used to jerk seasoning but I found it too salty. I ordered the ceviche, with lobster, fluke, and bass I think? And hearts of palm and citrus. For $13 it was a pretty generous portion but it couldve used more kick as I am accustomed to in a ceviche. I also ordered mixed greens (I think it was just bibb lettuce though) in a blood orange vinaigarette. There were blood oranges mixed in, which I love, but the dressing didn't taste citrusy at all. Plus there was absolutely nothing else in the salad, which I found boring and and somewhat lazy. Having to slice my lettuce was also a new experience which was distracting while dining. But at least it was all fresh. We had a small child with us whom they accommodated by halving the halibut meal. My friend had the halibut which looked good, but she didn't comment on. Then the dessert offerings were recited...one chocolate mousse-type selection, and a fruit tart, i believe? My friend opted for the chocolate for us all to split. I will say, it came in a cup that could fit in the palm of your hand, and had some nuts sprinkled on top, but it was more pudding than mousse. She took one bite and I ate the rest. It tasted just fine, but I was surprised that they didn't have something a little more impressive. It was just as good as the chocolate pudding at the Whole Foods salad bar.
All in all, it was a decent, allbeit, very expensive meal. I'm glad I tried it out, but they didn't hook me enough to justify a return visit.This south philly joint is a huge favorite of philly yelp.  Had to give it a try.  Food was of good quality and made in interesting preparations.  I like the small menu, small sized dinning area, and, of course, the BYOB factor.  The one knock I have is the expensive pricing.  Entrees range from 23 - 28ish, but the food is more on the 17 - 22 level.  Nothing to take away, its still a great dinner.  Pricing could be a bit more appropriate.I have been going to this fabulous BYOB prior to there move to south 6th and BCC - before  credit cards.  Love this fish focused restaurant with their creative combinations of seafood and local ingredients prepared creatively and with care and passion.  We always enjoy an evening at Little Fish.I'm not sure if it's possible to have a bad meal here. The seafood is always fresh and cooked to perfection.
The service is always spot-on. Definitely a nice place for a date.
Do not skip out on dessert. You would think the chefs are also pastry/dessert chefs with how delectable and delicate the desserts are. I even ordered the same dessert twice because it was just that good. So save some room! I didn't, but it was so worth ordering it twice.I too am confused with the rave reviews of this place and expected to be wowed... I was not. In terms of seafood, I've definitely had better and fresher... it's possible their seafood is fresh, but the execution of it left more to be desired. Most of my dishes were overcooked and dry. 
I also found it very annoying that all my plates including the  bread plate, was chipped. I am surprised that none of the good reviews mentioned this especially since they paid a decent amount for their dish. I really hope that since I last went there (3 weeks ago) everything has been replaced... 
The waiter too was a little upsetting... he made it seem as though we were going to give him a hard time, before we even got seated and we had to wait longer than we should to be able to order, since the table next to us got there after us and was able to get their order in before we did.What a pleasure.  A great dinner with two friends.  
As Tom, a closet Yelper opened the first bottle of $5 wine he asked me how I could remember enough details to write a review. Well, Tom, when a meal is this good it's hard not to remember all the details.
For starters we tried the Oysters ... oh yeah, pretty awesome.  In particular I liked that only vinegar accompanied the oysters.  As opposed to horseradish and cocktail sauce which drown out the oyster's flavor.  
Appetizers next:
(1) Lobster Tail - holy shit.  Unbelievable sauce.
(2) Yellow Tail Sashimi - begins with fresh and smooth taste followed by an after kick of smoky goodness.  
(3) Scallops - wonderful.
(4) Octopus - the only disappointment.  Confusing taste.  It is spicy? It is smoky?  Is it barbecue?  I don't know ... but it wasn't good.
Entree:
Who would have thought that Black Cod could be SO good.  Wow.  I mean Cod is the same fish they use in McDonald's fish filets and other fried treats ... its not often you see it on the menu of a finer dining establishment.  Enough with the back story, bottom line it was very good.  
Finally Desert:
uh ... can't really say anything good hear.  Both choices were bland and unimpressive.  But, hey kids, its a seafood restaurant, you aren't making your reservation for the desert menu.
Overall: highly recommend.Love this place! Try to come here for their Sunday tastings every time we have an opportunity to do so. Last time we were here tried the following and everything was amazing! 
- Hamachi with cucumbers and Yuzu sauce 
- Salad with Poblano dressing 
- Sishito peppers, seared scallop and roasted carrots
- Honey glazed Escolar with butternut squash purée and roasted squashWent for the 5:30 PM Sunday Night Chef's tasting menu for $33. It was unbelievable worth it! In a 20 seat restaurant, we were seated immediately at a cozy table by the window. 
The 5 plates were:
A Salad with heirloom carrots, radishes, chopped olives, and romaine lettuce
Mussels in a Garlic Sauce with celery and peppers
Kampachi, Raw, with rhubarb and foie gras
Cobie, Grilled with edamamae
Coconut Grits with Banana icecream, pan fried pineapple and cashews.
Each dish was a work of art too, incredibly beautiful!
There were two waitresses working, (Laura and an affable woman with curly brown hair who's name I didn't catch). Both were friendly and Laura was particularly matronly, keeping us hydrated after a "debaucherous" St. Patrick's Day. Thanks Laura! You da best!
Watching each dish get plated for the small crowd was a delight and the two chefs (brothers?) were at ease in the simple, open kitchen. It was really cool to watch them work. I would go back  to this place every Sunday, and certainly during the week. Full marks!This was, by far, the best meal we have had in Philadelphia. All I could think of while eating my scallops, marcona almond, fingerling, foie gras, and some lovely kind of green pepper -- all with a hint of tarragon was Like Water for Chocolate. Seduced by a thoughtful, but subtle, marriage of flavors. My husband's skate entree gave him the same impression. This was all preceded by Eastern oysters served with sherry vinegar and shallots and a lovely caprese salad made with the freshest ingredients. Oh, and did I mention dessert? Ah, mon petite poisson...I'm counting the days until we return!Fantastic hidden gem in Philly!  I went here with two friends during a recent trip down to Philadelphia.  What a nice surprise to discover this restaurant!  All the main dishes and appetizers are tasty.  We were pleasantly surprised how full we were after our seafood dinner as well.It is with great sadness that I share this mediocre review, despite the amazing reviews and recommendations from friends and colleagues. Of note, this is a BYOB establishment and they have tasting menus only on Sundays.
My wife and I came here on a double date, hoping to sample some of the freshest and talked-about seafood dishes in the city. When we arrived, we were quickly seated, but unfortunately sandwiched between two very loud parties without much buffering objects to sooth our bleeding ear drums for the remainder of the meal. The ambiance, aside from the noise, is quite pleasant, like a fancy seashack, with the menu items written with chalk on the blackboard wall. For starters, we tried the fried octopus, the tuna, and hamachi. I must admit that the serving sizes were truly no bigger than a few bite-sized chunks, and the fish seemed to be overwhelmed by the accompanying greens and sauces rather than complimented. The octopus was ok, but for almost twenty dollars, there were a total of 3 tentacles...that's quite absurd. The complimentary bread was tough and the sesame seeds uncooked, although I did like the green sauce.
In terms of the main course, we tried the salmon, halibut and sea bass. Of these three, I have to give compliment to the chef for the sea bass, which was so tender, fresh and perfectly situated on a bed of savory risotto that almost melted my winter heart. Unfortunately, the halibut was very tough, not that tasty or seasoned, and I found myself enjoying the fingerling potatoes more than the restaurant's namesake dishes. The salmon was...ok, felt slightly undercooked. Finally, my biggest disappointment came from the staff. Our waitress was...curt (maybe a bit harsh) but always seemed impatient throughout the dinner. The worst was when she actually interrupted our heated conversation and told us that we needed to leave because there were more patrons, note this was after we had just signed the check.
Having dealt with that un-tasteful discharge tactic, I left Little Fish with an anemic wallet ($300 for 4 w/o dessert) a soured aftertaste and a ruined double date. I will likely not return here unless some of these changes are  made.Went on Sunday for the prix fixe dinner and wow, was I pleasantly surprised.  
The place is warm and cozy and the staff is friendly, but not overly so.  We were immediately seated and drinking our wine as we awaited our 5 course meal.  Everything was amazing, but I especially enjoyed the ceviche, which included a blend of pineapple, bacon bits and something spicy that really just made the dish.  Up until trying this, I hadn't really been a fan of ceviche; Little Fish changed that.
I 100% recommend the prix fixe, as for $33/person, it's quite a steal.  However, if you have any kind of food allergies whatsoever, you may want to call ahead of time to see what the menu is.  Our dessert was filled with peanuts, which my table thoroughly enjoyed, but I can see where this would be a problem to someone with peanut allergies.
Great experience and can't wait to go back!There were 8-9 of us crammed in the corner of little fish on a Monday night to celebrate a friend's birthday. This place is tiny so I wouldn't recommend a big party (6 or more) to dine here. Even with the cramming situation, we still had an amazing time. 
The ambiance and atmosphere is perfect for a romantic date night for couples. The place is kept very neat and simple. The daily menu is posted on the wall made of black board. It's like a restaurant popped out of ikea catalogue.
The menu is really interesting. Of course, all the dishes have ingredients from the sea. Between the 8 of us, we had just about everything from the menu. Fresh oysters, Hamachi ceviche, smoked trout salad, swordfish, tuna, lobster miso soup... I think all the dishes were executed beautifully and exceptionally delicious. All tasted really fresh and simply appetizing at the first look. The chimichuri served with bread is the best I have ever had. 
The cherry on top is that it's a byo so if you wanna cut down on the $$ spent on drinking with your meal..this place is it!
We killed two magnum champagne bottles in addition to two other bottles of wine as well. Yay, byob!
I would definitely return. Not with a large crowd anymore but maybe with a sexy man who makes my heart flutter!Checking off another yummy restaurant on my Philly bucket list. Sundays are the pre-fix menu days, a steal especially since seafood is so expensive. Everything was fresh and delicious. Yes the portions are small but you leave feeling full. I love being able to see the kitchen prep the plates! Definitely a must try for seafood lovers.Sorry to disagree with others, but our experience tonight was only so-so.  The flavors were great, just not executed well.  We started with oysters, and those from the west coast were SUPER salty.  Not sure how much was from the oyster itself, and how much was added via their sauce on top, but overwhelming and not great.  Then we got the Octopus appetizer, and while otherwise tender and flavorful, it was charred to the point that you tasted nothing but that "burnt" taste.  I tried to cut around it, and could tell it would've been spectacular if not charred.  Were the cooks just having an "off-night'??  We then had the Skate and Scallops entrees.  Again the scallops were charred so badly, that it occluded all else. So thus a theme for the evening evolved. There was also SO much crumbled bacon that I yearned for something NOT salty to balance it.  There were some nice fava beans, but they couldn't possibly balance the bacon overload.  And who doesn't love bacon!?  I mean, I DO!!  But it was just too much.  The Skate was cooked perfectly, but the foam sauce was unnecessarily "trying to be fancy", and not that tasty.  While being BYOB helped, it was still very pricey for the experience.  Too many other places to try before we'd go back.Really fresh fish prepared creatively. Small restaurant with open kitchen and nice atmosphere. Not cheap but worth it for the quality of food and the experience. Plus it is byob so you save some money there. Would go back for sure. Had oysters, hamachi, cod, tuna all of which were just great.This is definitely one of my new favorite places to go out to eat in the city. The staff is amazing and very friendly, they are very accommodating to our requests (we have a nut allergy). We tried at least one thing from each part of the menu, each dish is packed with flavor. I love seafood and they didn't leave me disappointed at all. Would recommend this place to anyone!!!it's almost embarrassing that i've never been to this restaurant and lived in philly for 10 years. 
this lil' BYO neighborhood gem did not disappoint - with fish in every app and entree, except for the salad, it was a memorable meal in every way.
i had the Suzuki - Suzuki, little neck clams, fingerling, merguez sausage, roasted pepper --- highly recommended!!!Little Fish is one of my most favorite BYOBs in the city, one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. Their menu changes frequently according to what's freshest, so lucky for your eyeballs, I won't rattle off the every precise detail of every bite we took. I'll keep it short, I'll leave out the intensely dramatic parts where I grab you by the collar and scream right into your face, "Do you understand how perfect it all was?!" I then drop your shirt that's clenched in my fist with disgust, "Eughhh... What will it take to get through to you?!" I'm still gonna have to repeat the word, "Perfect," profusely.
My birthday dinner, a late reservation in this tiny, almost-sitting-in-the-kitchen restaurant, was really pretty perfect. Perfect from the oysters to the octopus, to the skate and the scallops... The beautifully caramelized scallops entree had foie grated all over it so that the shreds melted slightly, so that some became one with the sizzling scallops, fingerling potatoes, and fat juicy porcinis. It became this amazing, absolutely delicious silky silky sauce. Yup, I'd order those scallops again. 
Definitely order the octopus again too. It was some of the best I've ever had from anywhere, and I'll freely admit, I'm one octopus lovin fool. Ours was served char-grilled and tender and so so flavorful. This time the octopus was plated with the uncommon combination of ripe juicy cantaloupe, bursts of salty shriveled oil-cured black olives, thin slices of spicy Summer pickles, and baby basil. This salad was so well thought out, balanced, fresh, and bursting with flavor. And perfect, I should mention.
The ceviche was perfect too! You see what I'm saying? Every dish was so perfectly prepared. So if you're keeping track somehow here, based on our visits to Little Fish I'd order the briny raw oysters, snapper ceviche, octopus, scallops, skate... I didn't even bring up how buttery delicious was that skate... It was.
I'd easily return to Little Fish and have confidence in ordering any given preparation on any given day. I'd order anything under the sea.
Earlier I assured you that I wasn't going to go on and on here about every delicious ingredient, and I did anyway because I'm unscrupulous that way. And self-indulgent. Self indulgent much in the way that we both ordered our own desserts instead of splitting, as we do. But it was big girl's birthday... Brown butter cake with dark red cherry sauce and whipped cream for this one. My husband loved the peach tart, "A man's dessert," he proclaimed it.
So, in summary: Order anything under the sea... and dessert.Thirteen years after I first darkened their doorstep, Little Fish hasn't lost any of its mojo.  The ratio of creativity and culinary artistry to cooking space must be the highest on the planet (or perhaps outside Tokyo).  In this tiny space (maybe ten tables, and a 5 x 10 open kitchen) the chef turns out expertly prepared seafood adorned with the freshest local ingredients, in presentations that rival Bar Lyonnais (where I dined the night before) for aesthetic appeal.  
Our meal consisted of a starter of scallops on an unbelievably fresh, lovely pea puree that we practically licked off the plate, followed by the miso black cod and halibut with morels and aspargus on homemade gnocchi (hats off to the gnocchi maker, lightest I've had in recent memory).  All the dishes were delectable, and the service was just the right mix of warm and professional without a hint of obsequiousness.  The wine list is whatever is chilling in the fridge at the nearby State Wine Shoppe, this being a BYO (as many of the smaller restaurants are in Philadelphia).
Little Fish is a great choice when you're seeking a top-notch dining experience in a laid-back, casual (and, it must be said, minimally decorated) space that borders on hole-in-the-wall.  A unique experience not to be missed if you're a foodie visiting Philadelphia.I've had a yelp account for a couple years now but I never thought to write a review...until now. I went here this past weekend with my girlfriend, and it was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had. I've eaten at restaurants all over the map and never thought I'd find something this good in my own backyard.
I did not want to write a novel of a review so I'll try I best to keep it simple with some adjectives. The food? Delicious, fulfilling, fresh, and top quality; The presentation?  Understated and elegant; The service? Superb; Okay, what about the atmosphere though: Intimate, warm, yet somehow private even with the cozy seating arrangement. 
We ordered a number of different items from the handwritten menus, which I also loved. As a patron, you feel as if you're in some secret hole in the wall--the restaurant is hidden away in a cute neighborhood. When you traverse around the inconveniently placed pole at the front entrance, you enter a restaurant where the music plays softly, but you still hear it, and your conversation isn't drowned out by the conversations of other diners, even when they are 2-3 feet away. Not to mention the open kitchen smack dab in the seating area isn't noisy either. I hate a restaurant that is too loud or painfully quiet, and this place was just right. Seriously, I salute the person responsible for your acoustics. The menu is always changing, but I would say if you ever see the Tasmanian Sea Trout on the menu, do not hesitate to order it because it was the smoothest, tastiest fish I have ever had. 
I will definitely be coming back here, it is worth every cent paid. However, I'd say to fully appreciate a place like this, you should reserve it for very special occasions. Make sure to book a reservation ahead of time, and if you are in need of wine, the servers will direct to a nearby wine store with a great selection of white wines to pair with your seafood (I personally prefer a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc).Great little seafood restaurant. Looks like it seats 12 max. If you are looking for something intimate and good seafood I highly recommend. BYOB also.I went here for my birthday! It was legit. Best oysters in Philly imho. The salmon was cray! But the striped bass was just ok.Small, cozy seafood byob in Queen Village.  The menu changes on a daily basis and generally consists of 2 types of oysters (one from the east coast and one from the west coast), about 3 appetizers, and 5 entrees. We ordered each type of oyster, the grilled octopus salad, the skate (fin of a sting ray), and mackerel. All were really good and were prepared with different types of sauces that added a nice tanginess to it.We went here as a party of 4 for the first time with friends who have been often.  I actually thought the food was good but don't go unless you like seafood because that is all that is offered.  We ordered appetizers and shared all of them including octopus, white asparagus, shrimp and a sea bass.  The appetizers definitely outshined the main courses.  We had dessert which was fine and coffee as well.  The space is cozy and intimate with a nice atmosphere and I loved the black and white details. I would have given 4 stars but after we ate we were repeatedly asked to move our conversation outside by our server because they only allow 2 hours for a dinner reservation and we had been there 2 hours.  It was really strange as that's never happened to us before. The party waiting for our table did seem pretty pushy so I'm not sure what that says about the clientele there.  I'm not sure we would go back. It was just sort of an unusual experience.Tasty and charmingly tiny. I could have used some more veggies on the entree though.Outstanding. Pricey but absolutely worth it. Everything I've eaten here has been one of the best things I've eaten in Philly. A must if you like fish.I'm not sure I could love this little restaurant more. The food was creative and delicious. Even dessert was perfect - I would have expected that dessert would be mundane when the seafood was perfect, but it just continued the theme. Had lobster, fluke and black bass -- all wonderful.All I can say is WoW! 
No frills, small...yet the service was flawless. 
The best fish I have ever tasted and I have over a half century of eating experience...and I really like to eat! Tasmanian Sea Trout...fantastic! Hamachi ceviche...fabulous! And it's BYOB, so I blew in with a nice $9 Sauvignon Blanc to accompany it. Just go!The food here is inventive, very delicious and presented with style.   I ordered for the table the scallops and calamari to start and 4 different entrees and split everything up.  The halibut ended up being the crowd favorite but each dish had a unique appeal.  To finish we ordered a key lime dessert and some sort of chocolate tart.....a perfect ending. 
Warning: Don't go with large hungry men like I did because the portions are on the smaller side.  We went through many bread servings to try to fill them up.I've been dining at little fish since it was a secret.  unfortunately, such a good thing was bound to catch on some time.  although i think over the last decade the portions have gotten a little smaller and the prices a little higher - its still one of my favorite places to eat. BYOB makes it more reasonable.  the new location is great - hasn't lost the feeling that you are in someone's home and they are cooking dinner just for you (which they basically are).  i even took my husband while we were dating who "did not do fish" and its now one of his favorites too!  we spend so many special occasions at little fish, its like the staff knows us.  its perfectly intimate and romantic.  service is always friendly and efficient.  best mussles in the world.  so grateful for this place!I really wanted to love this place, given the reviews I've heard of it, but I didn't. The space is quaint and I do like being able to watch the chefs plate the food, and the food is good but it's not worth the $38-40 a dish price tag. Perhaps it's better for a couple, but our party of 5 waited for 1.5 hours to get our meal. If you're going to seat 5 people you should be able to serve 5 people in a timely manner. The 2 tops all around us were being served and finishing even before we got our meal- despite them arriving after us. We waited a long time for apps and there was very little communication from the wait staff except when she brought the appetizer out- they did comp that but then we waited another 30-45 minutes for our main course. I absolutely regret the decision to spend that amount of money here. We could have created a much better meal at home with that amount and it would've been warm. I was so disappointed.
On top of it all 2 of the 5 people had some major gastrointestinal distress throughout the night from it.  Everyone has a bad night, but it hurts more when the price tag is Sooo high. I wouldn't mind so much if the dishes were $20 each- but I expect a lot more for $40 a plate.I absolutely love this place! First its BYOB which is a huge money saver.  Also the fish is clean clean clean.  There is no fishy smell that you get in some restaurants.  I still can't understand why people would order fishy fish.  If it smells like fish then it's bad!! Anyway, this pace is small cozy and cash only.  The entrees are excellent portions and the menu changes seasonally.  Try to get there before 9 as the specials may be gone.  The only other drawback is that you may have to wait awhile for your table.  Not to worry, they sometimes make up for it in hospitality.Spent Valentines 2015 here w/ Bae and it was absolutely amazing. Small dishes bursting with flavor. He did slurp a bad clam but other than that, no complaints. Can't wait to returnBetter wash your hands, because you'll be licking your fingers. We only wish our stomachs were bigger so we could order more dishes. It's that good! A bit on the pricey side, though, but worth it. It's a great place for a date night. The kitchen is integrated with the dining area, and there is room for maybe 6 couples, at most. You may get lucky if you get there early enough like we did, but next time we come here we're definitely making reservations.One of the best restaurants in Philly. Atmosphere is cozy and laid-back. Lighting is dim and decor simple. I love how you're free to idle over your meal, never feeling rushed out the door. It has a nice euro bistro vibe in that way. I've gone as a party of 2 and a party of 10 and either way got the same treatment. NOW ONTO THE FOOD.
If you like fish, this place is an absolute must. Every dish I've tried has been wonderfully delicious-- and unique. I have no idea how they come up with the sauces and mix of flavors, but it is mind-blowing and unlike anything I've tried before. The menu changes daily, so it's a surprise to go each time. Last time I was there they offered a lobster, tomato, avocado appetizer that, a month later, I can't stop thinking about.
I can't recommend this place enough.I went to the $40 prix fixe and it was great.
Here's what I remember
-hamachi, raw, with cucumber and tomato and fennel
-roasted raddichio with a plum sauce (the sauce was AMAZE)
-ratatouille with smoky pureed eggplant, ribbons of yellow zucchini and dabs of vegetable stew
-hot fresh bread with chimmichurri sauce
-(the biggest course): tilefish with greens
-the included dessert: a cornbread pudding thing with blackberrries, sage whipped cream, and hazelnut praline (sort of like a stiffer tuile)
on my budget the prix fixe is way more doable than a typical night at LF. my bf liked not having to make any choices. service was really great, and it felt special; all the guests were speaking in hushed tones.It took an out of towner to bring me to this place and; I am so glad they came for a visit! Our first attempt was last minute on a Sunday, where we learned that not only were we too late - but that Sunday offered a Price-Fix menu and the second seating had already started. Not to be deterred we booked a reservation for Monday. As reported by others, the place is tiny and a wee loud with the open kitchen but once you are greeted and seated you feel like you are in your own little world. We started with a mixed half dozen of oysters: East Coast vs West Coat - I could have eaten them all night. The Island Creek Oyster with migonette won out for me.  We moved on to the Peeky Toe Crab with cucumber, avocado, black radish - and while delicious in flavor - there were way more shells than I am comfortable with on such a small dish and was a little distracting. The main course brought on the Mahi Mahi with crab fregola, tomato vinaigrette and tiny arugula. I have no idea what my dining companion ate since my face was practically licking the dish the whole time. I rounded out dinner with the Chocolate truffle torte with black cherries - which I was completely unable to finish since I was so happily full, but wasn't leaving with out a taste! I am a big fan of leisurely dining and this two hours was well spent. The staff is helpful, knowledgeable and as much of the experience as the food. I can't wait to book early & try the Sunday situation! The website says reservations are recommended - I think they are a must!Muddy over fiddled with fish , the quality of which seemed fine if you could taste it..
Nice crowd.
Not again; sorry folks!!I was compelled to write an update after visiting again this past Sunday. Time and time again this place impresses and stands out among the rest in a very competitive and wonderful food scene. We try not to repeat too much because there are so many great/new places to try in Philly but the ever changing ridiculously creative menu gives a new experience each time. 
This past Sunday I had one of the best dishes EVER!  Perfectly seared scallop sitting in a bowl filled with the most perfect summer "soup" silky smooth corn and coconut purée , creamy but light and fresh. Slightly sweet but garnished with slightly spicy shishito peppers to balance it out aaaaamazing!!!  These guys love what they do and it shows!
They cook fish perfectly every time and the sauces/accompaniments  are always complex unique and complimentary 
Service is always in point. Runs like clockwork but is always friendly never invasive or pushy. It's byob and I seriously still cannot get over the price for such high quality and such a great experience time and time again
Please do not change a thing!!!!!This place is terrible. The food is just normal but super expensive. The waitress said that since we didn't make a reservation so we need to sit outside. And after we sit, order and wait more than half an hour,  the food came, the outside already turned very cold and dark. By the way, we put 80 dollars for big plates with 'little fish'. First time and the last time!A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! went for the sunday tasting menu and that's all i needed to say this place is yum!! perfect portions to give you a good sample and reasonably priced.  Make sure to call in advance as this place is as tiny as mouse hole! BYOBs like this are my favorite. Can't wait to go back for the real thing.This is a small, unpretentious, delicious byob.  The service was a little slow but I guess this is part of the atmosphere.  I had the salmon for my entree...it was mixed with blueberries, hearts of palm, lima beans and a buttermilk emulsion, as I recall.  Simply delicious.  You definitely pay for this high quality but for me, its worth it.My boyfriend took me here for my birthday because I heard it was good. A lot of times when I hype up a restaurant in my head, it doesn't meet my expectations but this place exceeded them. I tried each of the oysters which were very tasty and flavorful. We split the peekytoe crab pasta appetizer which was great, and my boyfriends favorite part of dinner. I got some sort of Mediterranean Sea bass prepared with broccoli purée, Brussels sprouts, polenta, hazelnuts and raisins for the entree and couldn't stop raving about it. Totally worth the money he shelled out for that dinner. I'd def go back for a special occasion. The restaurant was definitely a bit cramped but it was kind of fun to watch the chefs cook your dinner right there!We dined here without having made a reservation and was fortunate to get a table on a week night. It wasn't too busy and the BYOB status was definitely a plus. 
Space: A little tight, but it's a small restaurant in a rowhome type layout. The headlights shining through the windows from the traffic outside could have you feeling like a deer in headlights. None of these are negative to me :) I walked as I figured the location meant that parking will be a challenge I wasn't in the mood for.
Service: Great! The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and responsive to our needs. Very attentive and kind.
Food: Amazing! I thought the octopus appetizer was a bit salty but I may have been confusing it with the charred sections. The pasta dish we had was tasty. The stars of the night were the bigeye rare tuna dish and my cod. LOVED them! Great taste and presentation. Unfortunately I wasn't into the dessert options at the time. 
Price: Affordable! Advantages of BYOB. 
I definitely recommend this restaurant! Neighborhood gem and tops for seafood.Nice intimate environment, knowledgeable staff with a true understanding and passion about the food they are serving. Everything was extremely fresh and delicious. 
There were a few choices outside of my (very boring) comfort zone, but everything on the menu was amazing. Definitely a great option for a date.This place is the real deal! Wow, what a great spot. Hubby got the tuna, I got the sea bass, and started with the scallops. It was all phenomenal!! The atmosphere is super fun - teen tiny, but organized chaos which feels nice and lively. Service was perfect. Love the BYOB option. Make reservations!Holy mackerel!  We made a reservation back in January for the first Sunday seating available, which was March 14th.  We were very excited for this meal, and it was well worth the wait.  The five course tasting menu was fabulous, start to finish, and we'll be making a reservation for sometime in the (likely distant) future to experience this seafood delight again.
We arrived a little early and had our pick of tables, taking a two-top along the wall.  We came hungry and had to wait a little while before the homemade bread was served.  Luckily, we brought a large bottle of wine to pass the time.  The bread came out steaming with some flavorful basil citrus sauce for dipping.  We enjoyed the small,  personal atmosphere, especially the aromas coming from the kitchen as the next course was being prepared.
After a light arugula salad with beets and blood orange, "onward ho" to the three main courses.  Course two was a crab "soup" dish.  The dish consisted of a heap of lump crab meat topped with a very thin slice of duck, all placed in a low pool of a carrot and ginger bisque.  This dish was superb, but slightly overshadowed by the third course, which was my favorite.  A seared diver scallop served with bits of country ham and pineapple.  The sweet and savory matched up so well with the scallop, which was absolutely mouth-watering.  Each bite evoked audible delight.  You could see the smiles around the room as our fellow patrons savored this creation.  Simple, yes, but perfectly executed.  Last course before the torte was a corvina (fish) fillet garnished with risotto, lime, and lobster.  I would liken these dishes to standing in the ocean and being pummeled by three waves (of flavor) in quick succession.  Our taste buds were swimming with delight.
In addition to the fabulous tastes and aromas, the servers were very friendly and accessible.  The environment during the tasting was one of more than just a dinner.  It was a culinary excursion shared by twenty people, each as eager as the next to embark on the following course.  You could see it on the faces of our fellow patrons as they walked in that they (1) love the place and were happy to be back, or (2) first timers who were excited to find out if it lives up to the hype.  Let me tell you, it lives up to the hype.  Little Fish will shiver your timbers, or should I say taste buds.  Make a reservation for the Sunday tasting, and experience the best seafood restaurant in Philly.I was really pleased to be able to get Sunday night prix fixe reservation here on our recent trip to Philadelphia!
We were thwarted in our attempts to B our own B by confusingly archaic Pennsylvania liquor laws, but the waiter found us half a bottle that someone had left from the last seating and so we got to drink that, haha.
The atmosphere is QUITE cozy, with just a handful of tables. The food started to arrive pretty quickly- I don't remember all of the course we had, but I remember there was a delicious dish with rock shrimp, cilantro and watermelon. I enjoyed the surprise menu and getting to try a variety of courses for a reasonable price. I don't know if I would go back on a regular night, but the prix-fixe is pretty great.
My only real complaint is the lack of air conditioning, which made it really hot at the end of the meal (and yet for some reason I chose to order coffee with our dessert, a tasty berry crumble... why??).I've been wanting to try Little Fish for quite some time now- it did not disappoint. It's a small and lovely BYOB with only a few tables- nice ambience. We ordered oysters, the lobster off the little bites menu, tuna, madai snapper, halibut, black bass, and the chocolate cake for dessert. Everything was excellent, cooked perfectly and flavored really well. Little bite portions are 'little bites' indeed, so make sure you order enough for the table.I suggest making a reservation as this place is very small inside.  With that said, as my first time there, it was a great experience.  The menu is small and changes daily.  The octopus appetizer was amazing.  It had so many different components (pineapple, avocado, radish, cornbread) but they came together beautifully with the grilled octopus.  I also had the cod in some sort of miso broth with rock shrimp, mushrooms and hearts of Palm.  The fish was so tender and flaky that I couldn't stop eating it.  We also started off with the oysters which were also very fresh and delicious.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you like fish, but remember to bring your own wine as it's BYOB.My husband took me out to this place for my birthday dinner and it was perfect ! An intimate and romantic place , yet not uptight or stuffy ! The food was cooked to perfection and the portion size was perfect ! I am not an expert on fish , but the quality and the flavor combinations was spot on ! The dessert was a mint ice cream family with blueberry jam and fresh blueberries with toasted Hazelnuts,which was divine ! The staff is very efficient and helpful ! Perfection in simplicityAmazing quality and thought go into these dishes. Flavors are subtle enough to really showcase the fish nicely. It comes at a cost though. I've spent less at places that weren't BYOB. Perfect for a special occasion.Little Fish is very good with a small menu but good choices and everything is fresh and creative without being too busy. They take reservations also which is nice for a BYOB.. I would say the only negative is that although we made reservations and arrived early they tried to stick us at the table right to the left as you walk in next to a bucket of dirty dish towels. I understand space is an issue but as most my complaints with some of the smaller restaurants in PHL ---no matter how great the food is you have got to pay attention to detail. Dirty  towel bucket is not yummy  to look at particularly with hefty entree prices. Needless to say we sat elsewhere so all wasy good.My mom and my lady friend at the time had the same birthday, so at the end of October, we had a double date at Little Fish. 
It is quite tiny, but the food is fabulous.  There is a changing lineup of 5 courses, with perfectly appropriate portions and diversity of dishes. 
oh, and bring your own!!This is a great restaurant. It is a BYOB seafood gem located in South Philly. Perfect for 2 or 4 people. Many dishes had a raw component which I love but some may find this a little limiting. However, no matter what you order you will be pleased.
We brought a very nice Pinot Noir and the wine worked very well with their menu.
We had an OpenTable reservation and I imagine this place can get crowded on weekends - maybe too crowded for walk-ins. I would strongly suggest a reservation.
One other thing I noted is that they have a Sunday price-fix/fixed menu offering - with 2 seatings -  that seems to be very popular.
This place was a great find for us so if you are looking for some terrific seafood in an intimate setting give it a go!Another five-star review for a place I've only been to once, but honestly, this place was phenomenal. From the get-go, service was outstanding and the atmosphere, albeit a small space, was inviting. I let the hubby get the view of the chefs preparing the food and he really enjoyed it.
After reading so many rave reviews of the octopus, we both agreed we needed to order it and let me tell you, it's the best we've ever had. I could've ordered another one for my entree and been perfectly happy! It was grilled and served with these fun, scallop-shaped rice cakes (at first we were excited and thought they were scallops!) and buttery sauce. I wish I'd snuck a menu home so I could accurately recant what we had, but alas, I can only tell you that it's worth every penny and hope that comes across as amazing in your eyes.
For entrees, I had the monk fish with barley, some kind of fresh green pesto, escargot, and oyster mushrooms and the hubby got the mackerel (sorry I can't remember what it had with it, only that the bit he gave me was awesome and the skin crisp and silky). Both were truly decadent, complicated, delicious dishes. 
This was a special occasion for us, so I was expecting to spend more than usual, but I honestly feel that the price was right for the quality of the food. I was also pleasantly surprised by the quantity, which can sometimes be light-handed at fancier places but was not the case here. These guys don't let you leave hungry! 
We wished we'd saved room for the rhubarb pie or chocolatey donuts I saw pass by, but we couldn't even finish our entrees! 
Service was also great- both servers worked together to make sure no water/wine glasses went empty and they were genuinely good at their jobs. A true gem in S. Philly- can't wait for another special occasion to give us a reason to spoil ourselves :) Maybe we'll try the Sunday night chef's tasting menu....Typically I never write Yelp reviews, but I think my experience warrants a review. An avid food lover, I tend to scour the yelp reviews for a good restaurant. However, today I was severely disappointed. Never have I ate such unsatisfactory food. The yelp reviews below promise very scrumptious and fresh seafood, but our night started and ended with completely burnt food. 
This is a small establishment so only a waitress and a single chef staff the whole establishment, which is fine if the food came out perfect. Instead they came out 45 minutes later and completely burnt. We ordered the octopus appetizer and it was burnt, but the waitress insisted that it was "charred" when the whole table tasted the bitter burnt taste. Optimistically we dismissed the "charred" appetizer, but when our entrees came out (monkfish and wild Cobia), the vegetables were completely burnt and the fish barely heated. The bitter taste of the vegetables permeated the sauce, ruining any fish or shortrib we were eating. Finally, our last friend ordered the Atlantic Cod, and it was tasteless and  bland. 
We were seriously shocked to find such a huge discrepancy between the reviews and the food we were eating. 
While the waitress was relatively friendly and helpful, we were sincerely disappointed in the food. I think this establishment might have potential, but really should consider expanding their staff.I took my wife here for her birthday, having never been but had heard and read positive reviews.  We loved it. The daily menu allowed for a variety of diets and palettes, while maintaining their focus on wonderful fish.  The service was wonderful - accommodating and helpful, yet not intrusive - friendly but not annoying.  Really, everything we could have asked for. I'm a fish snob, and this was the best prepared fish I've had in Philadelphia and the surrounding region (really, the East Coast).  Perfectly cooked on that line of just-barely cooked enough, just as you'd like a trout.  Plating was beautiful and creative but not over the top - and the amount of food was still too much to finish.  The server brought a specially-prepared dessert to accommodate our diet, as a complimentary dish for the birthday celebration.
Oh, and, duh, it's BYO. Our server was wonderfully attentive, filling whenever necessary, but, again, not intrusive - just, appropriate.Fabulous meal -- the best fish I have had in Philadelphia, and at a BYOB!  A tiny, handwritten menu, all super fresh and super creative.  The only miss was that our entrees arrived about 5 minutes apart.Little Fish has a wide variety of seafood options. There is an open kitchen so you can see the chefs cook your food as you wait and chat. The food is delicious. For entrees we tried the Monkfish and the Tuna. The vegetables that come with both dishes were amazing and cooked perfectly. 
The monkfish came with porkbelly which was cooked to perfection! Definitely would recommend this place for a good date night or celebrating something with friends. It's a bit pricey but the food makes it all worth the price.Went back for the Sunday dinner again.  I thought it was the same....great.  But Carrie liked it a lot more, just because there was no sardine.  Awesome, awesome place.Shared Kompachi and Salad small plates, had Halibut, Tuna, and Grouper. Everything was delicious. Bring a nice bottle of wine or two.A far too disappointing new year's menu. We think they should stick with their regular chef's menu that they serve on Sundays. New Years eve menu was way  over priced and totally DISAPPOINTING!!!! It sucks to end 2011 this way.... :( We are long time regulars of this place n its sad that they charge such a high price for such a SLOW n Painfully long  3+ hours mediocre dinner so NOT worth what they charged. The CHEF's have set a very high standard themselves with their awesome Sunday night dinners which is $33 per person for a 4 course dinner VS the new year eve dinner $100 + for a 6 course and downright  bad food. One thing is for sure, it's gonna take us a while before we even think of making a reservation at Little Fish.First time we went to here it was the most amazing experience. The food was awesome, the service good. The second time we went it did not live up to the first time, hence losing a star. Still I would recommend getting a reservation and trying it out.Little fish is a great BYO in queen village. The good was great and very fresh. There's a nice casual atmosphere. The space leaves a bit to be desired aesthetically and some of the dishes can be a bit pricey.The Sunday dinner is indeed all it's cracked up to be.  Brought out of town guests here and it was definitely the right choice.  I wouldn't call the portions large, but that's really not the point.  Each dish seems to be prepared so carefully and thoughtfully, it makes you think you're at somewhere very fancy (when in fact you're in one the more sparse BYO dining rooms - I think only Salt and Pepper beats it for bare bones).Little Fish could hold the title of the best seafood meal I have ever had in my life. That is right, my life. 
It is a bit expensive but totally worth it. And it's byob which is great. This is my go to "treat myself" type of place. 
I highly recommend Little Fish, you cannot go wrong here.I've been intrigued by Little Fish since I first discovered it in Queen Village near my favorite italian restaurant.  We finally decided to try it out the other night- we called to see if there was a table available (one of 7 in the restaurant) and the hostess was able to accommodate us- (despite the fact that they were booked up that night) so we rushed out the door.  
The dining room was cozy and quaint with an open kitchen and classic decor - surprisingly comfortable, intimate setting.  Our server greeted us and gave us a thorough description of each of the fish entrees on the menu that night, she was very knowledgeable and helpful with everything.  We started  things off with the calamari appetizer- sauteed in a tomato, caper, and pastina sauce- it was tangy, light and delicious - a small taste of what was to come.  For the entrees I ordered the red snapper prepared in a red sauce with mussels and preserved lemon on top, my boyfriend got the mahi mahi prepared with a curry and sweet potato sauce.  Both dishes were out of this world- probably the best seafood I have ever eaten, and certainly one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The portions were just the right size- not too big or small.
I don't usually go for dessert, but since the entrees were so amazing, I was curious.  We chose a pumpkin mousse- it had a subtle, slightly sweet flavor and was the perfect end to an amazing dinner.  
I'm looking forward to returning for their sunday night prix fixe dinner that I've heard so many good things about.  
Overall an amazing dining experience - highly recommended.If I lived in Philly had some kids, and I wanted to raise my kids to be healthy with discerning and exquisite palates, I would take them to Little Fish every Sunday for dinner.  Actually, if I lived in Philly and didn't have kids, I would still go to Little Fish every Sunday.  At $33, the 5-course meal is an astonishing bargain.
Reasons why Little Fish rocked Fats' world:
- Every dish was delicious and imaginative
- The quality of ingredients was extremely high
- The presentation was stunning
- The chefs manage to create these amazing dishes in a tiny kitchen, how do they do this???
- Everything was seafood related and yet tasted remarkably fresh...on Sunday!  How???
- The restaurant is BYOB, which means you can bring whatever you want to drink!
- The restaurant is charmingly low-key and very comfortable
- The staff was extremely helpful
- The open kitchen was fascinating 
- Everything felt healthy and the portions were just right, so we left feeling fresh and energetic (a rarity after 5-courses)
PARTING THOUGHT: I can't wait to go back and eat at Little Fish again!  This would be easily 2-3x the price in NY!Would be a 5, but they have to do something about the air conditioning in the summer, and their oysters are excellent but pricey. Otherwise, wonderful seafood BYOB.In an of itself, Little Fish might be a slightly better than average BYOB seafood restaurant.  Based on the other Yelp reviews I read prior to my visit, Little Fish was a total disappointment.
Yes, this little restaurant is a BYO with extremely fresh seafood.  The quality is top notch, that is clear.  It alone carries this rating.  Beyond that, it offers little.  The ambiance is nothing to get excited over - its tiny, gets hot quickly, and the only intimacy you'll get is with the table next to you.  Service is friendly, but extremely slow.  By the time we left, the place was packed, but since it didn't start that way, I don't know what caused  the hold up.  Finally, the portions could be described as "cute" but aren't balanced with the prices charged (even given the quality).
I could be wrong... the other reviews paint an awesome picture which might have raised my expectations.  I also didn't take advantage of the BYO side, going instead with a coworker from out of town empty handed.  Still, I'm not sure that enough to leave me to wonder if I just visited on a off-night...One of my family's favorite seafood restaurant back in Philadelphia,  very well cooked seafood and presented very nice. People were so kind too and they already knew us as a regular costumer.We have come here many times for the Sunday tasting menu. It is phenomenal and worth every penny. Each time we have gone we have gotten different courses and each one is amazing. It's also byob which is nice!This place is outstanding.  The fish is delicious, the preparations are fresh and new and I love being able to watch a chef do their thang.   I enjoyed every dish I had, but if you don't like the menu try again soon, b/c it is seasonal.  The prices were not out of hand, but the food sure was.  It's a BYOB which helps keeps costs down.  Call ahead for reservations, b/c the place is the size of a postage stamp.  That of course means the service is excellent.  My blog review should explain it all and if not then the pictures sure will.  http://gonegluten-free.com/2012/05/01/gluten-free-eats-in-philly-little-fish/I was so excited to get reservations for 5 people tonight!  We all really enjoyed our food!
Appetizers-I had the scallops (so awesome), others got the calamari and crab dishes--all were tasty
Dinners- I had the skate (along with another person at our table)---the spetzel was a little salty--we told the waitress
Others got-the mahi mahi--awesome, and the Escarola (butter fish)--very good!
I would have given them 5 but the saltiness of the skate dish....but I will definately return and recommend this restaurant!Very impressed.  Perfectly prepared, great tasting, memorable food.  Definitely worth repeat visit.Came here for the Sunday prix fixe. It was a pretty good deal. 
We started with a frisee salad with egg and potato. This was rather basic, like your average egg/potato/slaw salad with frisee instead of cabbage. But it was light and tasty. 
Next was a tuna tartare of sorts with a blood-red beet sauce and crumbles of pistachio. This was quite good. 
Then came lobster in a broth with fennel and supposed tomato, though there was no tomato as far as I could tell. The brown broth with fennel chunks tasted rich, earthy, and a little spicy (major peppercornage), and they were fairly generous with the chunks of lobster. However, while the lobster and the vegetable broth both tasted good, the whole dish didn't mesh really well to me. It was kind of like lobster with a separate side of fennel soup. 
The main entree was a perfectly-seared filet of salmon. This fish was cooked to perfection, with a crunchy, herb-crusted skin. How they cook salmon that tender, with such a crunchy and intact skin, is beyond me. It was served on a bed of sauerkraut, with thinly-julienned green apples on top and brussels sprouts on the side. I'm not a big sauerkraut fan, and this kraut was no exception. However, eating everything in this dish all together made the kraut bearable. Still, I would have preferred a base of some sort of pasta, or something - anything - other than pickled cabbage. 
Dessert was a moist (like tres-leches-moist) chocolate cake topped with a dollop of creme fraiche, seved on a streak of very-hazelnut sauce. This was a tasty albeit nut-allergy-unfriendly dessert. 
While the fish here is obviously well-prepared, the melding of flavors and textures didn't quite wow me as much as Sycamore did. I might come back, but I'm not sure if I'd come back on a non prix fixe night.We went here for the Ramen and fried chicken pop-up last night. It's a nice, quaint spot and BYOB! I got the black cod ramen and the fried sweet+savory chicken wings--so tasty. The food here is top notch..you won't be sorry!Little Fish was quite little, indeed, but it was very good and I would definitely return.  For those of you with food allergies or limitations, they were SO receptive to helping me with my gluten free diet selections.  The menu is small but everything is fresh and cooked right there.  It's not the most romantic spot - my friend and I left smelling literally like fish cooking smell - but we didn't really care because the food was very good.  We had coconut curry mussels for an appetizer, and we had mahi mahi and bass as our main courses.  Not great for ambiance, but still a cute neighborhood place. I recommend making reservations because its so small you might not get a seat!I loved this place, it was amazing. Small little place, small menu, byob/w, that leaves you enjoying and craving more. You can see the chefs cook the food and taste everything. This place is off the beaten path, but worth finding. Loved it!!These folks aren't joking around.  Their place is really little and they serve fish.  Delicious fish, but not necessarily little fish.
Make reservations! And I wouldn't make plans to take a group of more than four.  You're pushing your luck.
I ordered the sushi appetizer that came served on Himalayan Rock Salt.  That's right - the Himalayas have salt and they rock! (insert reaction to lame joke). Other than looking pretty fucking awesome, the rock also aides in curing the fish. So don't go rushing to chomp down on your raw fish. Let the salt rock it til you drop it...in yo mouth.
I ate the Sturgeon.The sturdy sturgeon.  It was also very tasty, cooked to perfection, topped with a jicama & carrot citrus salad on a bed of cannelloni beans with pork belly and adorned with sweet potato puree.  Plate was a visual feast onto itself. 
For dessert, we had the creme brulee.  Tasty, but nothing to write home about. But something to write on Yelp about.
O, and the utter minute detail of any restaurant: the service.  Friendly, helpful, and efficient.  They too must be from the Himalayas.Fresh fabulous fish.  Flavours are light and inventive.  The butter they serve with the bread was great -- it's just butter but it was fresh and delicious.
Very small, cozy BYOB.  You can see them prepping the dishes on the side.  
Dinner here was a pleasure: A leisurely meal, strolling around exploring different flavours and combinations.My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia so far.
I was blown away the first time I visited Little Fish for their Sunday tasting menu and was equally pleased on my second visit here. They manage to throw in elements of surprise into every dish.... and of course, the best part about their food is that they do not over-use salt.
On my first visit, I had cauliflower soup with scallop seared to perfection, and it was topped with red pepper chili sauce and roasted black garlic. Pure perfection. They  served mackerel with chicken liver and pistachio as the main dish and again, it was simply excellent. This amazing dinner ended with coffee and carrot cake laced with sugared carrot slices.... 
On my second visit, they served potato soup with seared scallop. It was somewhat stylistically similar to the cauliflower soup I had before, but here they topped the scallop with pickled mustard seed to balance the blandness. I can't remember what fish they served as the main dish but it was excellent, and as one of the reviewers noted, they do serve their fish slightly rare (which is no problem for me) but if you want yours well-done, I am sure you can ask for it. For the dessert, they served cherry pistachio ice cream and yum!
I do have one negative comment to make.
The server that served us on the first night was very attentive, describing each dish in a clear voice, and never getting in your way. However, the server from the second night was somewhat disoriented.. and even seemed annoyed. 
Other than that, I have nothing else to say :)
ah, it's BYOB and you should probably make a reservation 2 weeks in advance.
The place is tiny and the space fills up pretty fast.My boyfriend took me here as part of a birthday present.  Very intimate although a little cramped.  Food was great (had the recommended skate and halibut).  Preparation was perfect, and sauce/side pairings were delicious.   The oyster selection was very good.   Orgasmic meal.
Staff seemed a little bit inexperienced about the food and serving in general but were earnest and attentive.  Only downside was a very loud group in the corner that destroyed the intimate atmosphere, but overall a wonderful dining experience and I'm looking forward to going back and trying something new.Little Fish has fresh seafood and creative flavor combinations. That's exactly what I'm looking for in a seafood restaurant.  Plus, it's a B.Y.O.B, which is an added bonus!  I made a last minute reservation as I was craving seafood, and just wanted to get out of the house.  A coworker had spoken positively about this place, and I'd been wanting to try it for a while, but had never gotten around to it. I'm so glad I finally did.
My husband and I were promptly seated when we arrived.  It's a really small space with minimal decor.  The menus are hand written and are constantly changing.  I started off with a west coast and an east coast oyster since I couldn't make up my mind.  I preferred the west coast selection as it was smooth, rich, and less briny. The oysters were good, but not my favorite part of the meal.
We started off with a simple salad with watermelon, blue cheese, and beets.  It was colorful, refreshing, and the perfect mix of sweet and salty.  We both really enjoyed this dish, and could have made a meal out of a larger portion of it.  The crudo was fresh, but I wasn't a huge fan of the sweet fruity sauce.
I usually don't order salmon when I go out because I feel it's something I can easily cook well at home.  I'm usually not wowed by it at a restaurant.  I hesitantly decided to order it this time because of the description of the components that were served with it such as a fresh blueberries, a yogurt sauce, and morel mushrooms.  It just sounded too interesting to pass up.  The tangy yogurt, sweet berries, and rich mushrooms were amazing together in both flavor and texture, and the salmon was perfectly cooked and not overdone inside, as it so often is at restaurants in the U. S.  The outside skin was perfectly crisp.
Dessert was amazing as well.  I almost passed it up because I was feeling kind of full, but I'm glad I didn't.  I had the "biscuit" with blueberries.  It didn't really taste like a biscuit as a southern style biscuit, but it was warm, soft, and slightly sweet with lots of fruit.  I am not a fan of very sweet desserts, so I loved it.  My husband enjoyed his meringue with pistachio ice cream.  It was much richer and sweeter than my dessert, but I still liked it in small doses.  
Service was excellent, and our wine glasses were never empty.  We left full and happy.  I will be back next time I'm craving seafood in Philly!After reading all the good reviews I expected amazing entrees and left the restaurant feeling disappointed. We had the sunday prefixed menu. The entrees were not bad but at the same time unmemorable. I loved the feel of the restaurant though, such a cute date place, unfortunately it was the atmosphere of the restaurant that impressed me the most, not the dishes.Came with a group a while back and tried a few of the items here. The place is really cute, but also very small and a squeeze.
We had a variety of seafood dishes including the octopus and shrimp appetizers, and I had the trout for the entree. It was tasty, but not mind blowing, and I shelled out quite a few bucks.Old friends invited my wife and I back to Philly for a concert and dinner. We look forward to coming back because of the numerous small restaurants and the culture of BYOB. They had dined there before and were anxious for us to try Little Fish. We arrived for our late reservation about the same time most of the other customers were finishing so we had the restaurant to to ourselves and another couple. We brought along a bottle of bubbly which we immediately cracked open and started the meal with fresh oysters - East Coast and West Coast. They were delicious and we all agreed we should have ordered more. We shared two starters, the grilled octopus and the hamachi with foie gras. Both were exceptional. We each had a main course including the sea trout, the haddock and the monkfish. The portions were large perhaps because we were the final diners for the weekend. Each was prepared well however compared to the starters they just seemed not to be as interesting. All in all the experience was wonderful. The service was cordial, efficient and informative. Pricing was a little in the high side however considering it is BYOB the total for the four of us was reasonable considering the overall quality of the meal. I wish we had options like Little Fish in the town we live.Little Fish has been on my list of "must trys" for quite some time now. More specifically, the Sunday Tasting Menu. Thanks to having MLK Day off, we were able to take advantage of the BYO restaurant without worrying about going to work the next day with a slight wine headache.
We opted for the 8pm reservation and arrived promptly at 8pm to be seated without any delay. Our waitress quickly took our bottle of wine to be chilled. The first course was brought out, which was a salad with a blood orange vinaigrette. Following the salad was a Tuna tartar which was amazing. The tuna was fresh, the jalapenos added some heat, and the garlic sauce really brought the dish perfectly together.
Following this second course, out came a potato puree soup with a perfectly cooked scallop with leeks and a dried mustard. I couldn't get enough of this soup.  I do wish there was a little bit more of a sear to the scallop, but it was still as close to perfect as a scallop can come. 
During this dish, my husband and I looked at each other, somewhat disapointed, wondering if this was the 3rd course and was this supposed to be an entree? does that make dessert next? We were still hungry and wondering if we made a mistake to our dinner choice. Much to our surprise, out came a 4th course, much more of the entree we were looking for. They came out with cobia? Which I had never heard of previously, and it was amazing! It reminded me of a swordfish, but so much better!
The dessert was good- not amazing. But I dont think someplace like "Little Fish" should be known for desserts.
Overall, an amazing meal, especially for the price point of $33 for this 4/5 course tasting menu.
I will warn future visitors- the table next to us let the waitress know he had a nut allergy- and he seemed to have to miss out on a few elements of each course. If you have an allergy, I would recommend calling ahead to let them  know or ask what the tasting menu consists of- it might not be worth it to you if you have this kind of allergy, as everyone is served the exact same meal throughout the courses!Little Fish has great food.  The name says it all, its little.  But the dishes certainly are not little in flavor and perfectly prepared.  We had the skate(Stingray!) and Halibut,  both delightful.  The show stopper for us was the peeky toe Crab,  wow!!.  I never knew beets could be so good.  We called ahead for wine ideas and were carefully helped with absolutely no pretension.  Of course you could take standard white with fish fare,  but they let us know any of your favourites will do.Food was creative, but I've had better meals at other less raved about restaurants in Philly. The lack of ambiance and space didn't add to the experience, but the service was good.This is the best seafood restaurant I've eaten at among 20 along the Eastern seaboard. The texture and sauces were impeccable. The octopus was particularly excellent because the braising really tenderized the meat. The restaurant is really small so make reservations.Little Fish = Big Taste
The dishes here were so flavorful and colorful.  The calamari was done differently than I'd ever had it, but awesome in a fresh tomato base with pine nuts, olives, and capers.  The calamari is sauteed and light with no breading but tender and yummy.  
Tried Papa's scallops and they were so very good with tangerines (i think) and a bright beet juice giving it a nice deco. 
got the snapper green pea spaetzle for my main attraction and it was wonderful.  The fish was done perfectly and the spaetzle was creamy but not too soft.  The sauce wasn't too heavy for fish and the peas (which I usually don't care for) were really big and fresh.
I love when garnishes are really tasty too and the green pea leaves were not bitter at all and fun to munch.
uummm yes, dessert was a must.  key lime, chocolate truffle, and espresso pana cotta all shared but at the same time guarded dearly.  yumm yum yummmm.
Gorgeous night to sit outside with our own wine (BYOB) dog sniffing good aromas and Little Fish food to fill our bellies.Went with my husband and in-laws for the Sunday night prix fixe.
Amazing!  Every course was perfection.  I can't wait to bring my parents when they come into town.  Also the BYOB aspect is nice because it keeps the prices reasonable for us folks who can't afford places like Amada on a regular basis.What a little gem of a spot! If you're looking for somewhere intimate yet low key, this is the spot. With only around 20 seats, this BYOB kills it with the seafood and gives you a cozy setting with an open kitchen. Service was great, understated yet attentive. Perfect for a date or catching up with a friend.A big disappointment!  Went for the Sunday tasting menu...  Food was bland and some dishes just not good.
The salad was simple and tasteless
Tuna-beet cerviche was alright 
Lobster soup was just BAD!
Chocolate cake was dry.
Atmosphere was nice tho...Dammit, this place almost did me in!  Well, maybe that's a bit overdramatic.  The food tasted great.  Soon after I tried the skate, my throat got tingly and a little tight.  Long story short, I had a previously unrecognized allergic reaction and my night was through.  No fault of Little Fish.  Thanks to the waiter and concerned nearby Good Samaritans.  Food really was good.  Portions a little small.  Would come back.  Need life insurance first.personally, i consider it a good problem to have where i have no qualms about giving little fish a solid 4 stars. living in philly, my list of restaurants that i recommend is now tiered because i can't in good conscience recommend a place like little fish in the same breadth as places like vernick, friday saturday sunday, noord, so on and so forth...Thats not to say anything is wrong with little fish; on the contrary, we had a memorable time at little fish. doing the fixed five course menu, i just didn't get a "wow, holy sh*t, what is this heavenly cuisine" moment like i have at the aforementioned establishments. the highlights of the meal were the culminating dishes: tuna tataki over orzo and finally the dessert of ice cream and shortbread with berries. had the prior three dishes been on the same same tune as the final two then we're talking five stars. overall, the portion sizes felt just a TAD too small and were missing that certain "it-factor". the overall ambience and decor made up for any small shortcomings of the dishes with additional kudos to the attentive wait staff who ensured our sake stayed chilled and our glasses remained full. all in all little fish is totally worthwhile, ill probably be back, but likely for the standard dinner menu.Easily the best fish in Philadelphia. The handwritten menu and the simple decor made the intimate space feel especially romantic. Our extra wine was chilled and the staff was attentive and helpful with suggestions. The hamachi was fantastic, and my Tasmanian trout was cooked to perfection. Everything we ordered was exquisite; I cannot wait to be back!I came here with my gf for their Prix Fixe Sunday menu.  The meal was pretty good overall and the service was great!  The place is kinda small so if you're not into feeling cramped like sardines then this place is probably not for you.  Our meal started off with the salad that had cheese and watermelon.  It was light and a palette cleanser.  Next we had  tuna with plum cabbage radish and toast.   The scallop corn coconut soup with shiitake mushroom that followed was also very good.  I love seafood so this hit the spot.  Though the shiitake flavors were a bit overpowering in my opinion.  The mahi with swiss char and heirloom tomatoes was really good.  I'm always a fan of fish and mahi.  The blueberry coffee cake with coffee whipped cream that we finished our meal with looked good but wasn't as yummy as we had expected.  
After our meal we didn't know what to say except that it was just good.  We were satisfied but that was it.  We didn't understand some of the flavors and textures of the dishes as some parts of it were good and some parts were "why did they do that"?  We are still borderline on whether to come back or not.  If we did, we would most certainly not come on a Prix Fixe night....First time there was this Monday.  When I sat down I was a little underwhelmed by the atmosphere and by the prices. Main fish course were 33-36 dollars.  So, I was very skeptical.  Service was great!  The Oysters were very reasonable at $2.50 each and were fabulous. The menu is very small, but that can work for you and against you.  It is a sign usually that everything is fresh and prepared one meal at a time. Well the food did not disappoint.  My Halibut and the vegetables that accompanied it were as good as it gets.  I was told this is as good as it gets for fish and  I have to agree.  This place is as good as it gets when it comes to fish.  My only other tip was to check the menu first. There isn't going to be something  for everyone.  But if you find something you like I am comfortable in saying you will love it!YUM.  I just dined at the Little Fish last night for the first time.  I cannot believe what I have been missing.  The portions are small but presentation and food quality is amazing.  I had the calamari appetizer (not your traditional calmari and amazing) and the skate entree.  I cannot wait to go again to try everything on the menu.  I went  with two friends and they both enjoyed/loved there entrees as well (tuna and mahi mahi).  The staff was also very courteous and the atmosphere uniquely Philly.Unbelievable from start to finish.
We had reservations at a different place when we passed by this corner restaurant with no signs.  We saw the handful of tables, open kitchen, warm lighting and were sold.  
Food:  Got the King crab over hot and sour broth, the crab was cooked perfectly, and the broth was so aromatic we tasted it before it hit our tongues.  The Black Cod was more than flaky and moist, the freshness really came through, and was paired well with the beans.  I am a pretty big fish critic and this place won me over after the first bite.  The blood orange tart was an amazing way to end the meal.  The crust played an under the radar role while the filling burst with blood orange flavor, it tasted like pure blood orange extract.  
For the quality of food I would have paid much more.  It is by no means a cheap meal but understand you are paying for food that is worthy of a higher price, in my opinion.  
Hats off to you Little Fish.My boyfriend and I came here on a Sunday 'Chef's Tasting' night. We are both new to Philly and this is by far the best place we have been! It's BYOB, which I love. Love the small portions and the different dishes we got to try. Amazing place for a quiet date night!Intimate, friendly, and great fish. We had lobster ap, octopus ap, two amazing oysters,  the kobia, and turbot. well worth the money... chefs certainly know what they are doing. Outdoor seating a plus but I enjoy watching the chef in the open kitchen. Live the plates they created and attentive sweet service.In a word...SUPERB! Little Fish BYOB is the most inventive seafood restaurant I have eaten in this year...maybe this decade. It is not the sparkling fresh seafood that differentiates it from others - all good seafood restaurants can claim this. It is not the space, the service or the wine list that differentiates it others. Little Fish is in a small, but classy space with attentive service and does not have a wine list. It is not the personality of the chef - he could use some help. It is not the presentation of the dishes, although they are beautifully executed. What separates this from the pack is the way the chef assembles the dishes. I have not had seafood paired with meat sauces (eg: veal sauce) and meat (eg: pork belly) in a way that accents and improves the seafood. It is surprising, remarkable and somewhat shocking. How come I haven't come across this before? I certainly "do" a lot of seafood at restaurants and at home (be forewarned - do not attempt to recreate these recipes at home...you will fail!) 
Bottom line, Little Fish is my favorite restaurant in the US for seafood. I will go back. You might ask, "Why not 5 stars? " Fair enough. The food is 7 stars, but is difficult to give a restaurant, even a gem of a restaurant 5 stars when they only have 3 items on the menus and are BYOB. Actually, they get points for both in my book. The menu is tight, focused and well executed. The wine list is mine....I have a pretty good wine list to chose from! 
OK...I will give it 5 stars!  (this is the first time I have given a 5 star rating!)I don't want to hype Little Fish too much because I love that it's a bit out of the way and kind of a "best kept secrets" type of restaurant, but the reviews don't lie.  This is a best-meal-I've-ever-eaten place.  It's not fancy - you're practically sitting in the kitchen, but I like that - and really the food is just outstanding.  It has a small ever-changing menu, which means that they're really put a lot of thought into what's in season and what they want to serve.  Everything is so fresh and flavorful with great combinations of ingredients that somehow still do not overpower the fish.  We had oysters and Hamachi and a grilled octopus salad to start.  Both delicate and balanced, both with great hints of citrusy brightness.  For main courses, sablefish with pork belly in a shiitake broth and Alaskan halibut with chanterelle mushrooms and gnocchi in a truffle sauce.  I preferred the sablefish and could have bathed in that aromatic broth, but the halibut was cooked perfectly as well and the gnocchi had a beautiful texture (I don't usually like gnocchi).  Service was totally on point, and how wonderful that on top of it all, it's a BYOB.My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. The menu is adventurous, fresh, and always changing. Pairings are exceptional and the ambiance is worth the price tag.Little Fish is pretty amazing, there are a few things they could do differently to make it 5 stars, but the food was perfect.  
For appetizers I had the Yellowtail with jalapenos and red onions and it was delicious, I could have had 3 more servings :)  Boyfriend got the King Crab and really liked it, I had a bite but am not a huge crab fan so I was meh.  For main courses we both had the Stripped Bass and it was cooked perfectly, it got a nice crisp on the outside while being flaky and moist inside.  The sauce was great and the potatoes were perfect... there was a little too much tapenade (which was very strong) but it was easy enough to ration it.  
My recommendations for improvement: 
1) I understand they are a tiny place and don't want to hire a hostess (what a waste that would be!) but the servers definitely seemed to think it beneath them to seat people and I think everyone that walked through the door had to wait awkwardly until the server decided to help.  
2) Consider attempting the basket approach to bread.  They give you one slice of bread (small bread) and chimichuri sauce (which is sooo tasty!) and then you can ask for more... I guess saving a bit of bread by only giving it out when people ask makes sense, but I feel bad asking and think that a basket with like 2 slices/person would make a lot of sense (and then people can ask for more after that).  
3) We didn't do the Sunday tasting menu because we called and asked whether it was flexible at all (I'm still pretty picky about seafood and boyfriend doesn't do pork) and they pretty much said no, which means we can't do it.  Again its a cost saving measure, but it makes them less than perfect.  
Thanks Little Fish for a very tasty evening!This is hands down one of the better (if not the best!) fish centric restaurants in Philadelphia. Additionally, it is a BYOB and that makes it an even more compelling choice to dine here.
Little Fish is cozy/cramped and nearly every seat in the house has a birds eye view of the equally cozy cramped kitchen where the chefs do their magic. In truth, this is one of those kinds of places that Anthony Bourdain and Eric Rippert, "discovered" in Paris several years ago when No Reservations was featuring tiny, almost lunch counter sized  types of restaurants with excellent chefs who had left 2 and 3 Michelin star white table cloth joints to do what they did best - create and cook.  Yes, it's that kind of place.
We started our meal with several oysters of the East Coast and West Coast varieties. They were succulent, briney and sweet lightly dressed with mignonette sauce variations. They were excellent.  Our 1st courses were an unlikely combination of grilled octopus and lamb which was truly a unique variation on the familiar surf and turf. The octopus was grilled to perfection, it was tender and delicately flavored with the sweet lamb providing a complementary umami richness that made this dish very, very satisfying.  Equally enjoyable was the ceviche of several different fish, some relatively local, some sourced from Hawaii gently swimming in a lime/orange/ ginger citrus bath that included, we believe, a touch of pineapple. Very tropical!  The ceviche was delicious and quite simply refreshing. And either one of the first courses could have been an equally rewarding meal in an of itself.
Our main courses couldn't have been better.  The sea scallops were sweet, milky/ creamy and perfectly cooked.  Accompanied with roasted cauliflower and other roasted vegetables, this is a dish that should not be missed.  While I am not one to be impressed with portion size, diners be advised that this is an ample sized portion (I think at least 6 huge scallops) and there was enough to take home.  The monkfish here was also amazingly good.  Served with mushrooms and sunchokes and a vegetable/fish au jus, the lowly monkfish truly got the respect it deserved in its preparation and shined above any other monkfish dish I ever had.  
Finally, if you're looking for a perfect wine to accompany your meal, the ridiculously backward PA state wine store offers an Ogier 2013 Hertitages Cote du Rhone blanc which is made from the same grape blend as many Chateau Neuf du Pape blancs.  Yes, the wine is cheaper everywhere else but in PA, but if you want a near Neuf du Pape experience without truly breaking the bank, it's really an excellent choice. 
Little Fish comes unhesitatingly recommended.  The dishes here are creatively and thoughtfully paired and deftly executed.Both my Philly and non-Philly friends have said nothing but good things about Little Fish; a cosy and charming Seafood BYO in Bella Vista.  So in celebration of some particularly good news this week, the BF and I went here to celebrate.  All in all, we both had a very good experience.
We started with a half dozen of the Stellar Bay Oysters and the Cuttlefish.  The oysters were fresh and tasted well, while the cuttlefish was cooked perfectly and seasoned just right.  For dinner, I opted for the Golden Tile, a white flaky fish served alongside a curried crab salad, carrots, and peas.  Not only was the dish presented beautifully, but the flavors all worked together and it tasted fantastics.  His cobia, served alongside a small piece of lamb and some other mediterranean sides, also looked terrific and tasted well.  We skipped out on dessert, however, since they only had one item left on the menu and neither of us were in the mood for it.
The service is terrific and the portions are nicely sized (no price gouging here).  I definitely want to come back on Sundays for their prix fixe.  Overall, I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something outside the Center City scene.  Perfect for date night.Little Fish is fantastic.  As other reviewers have noted, Little Fish is exactly that -- little.  The meal was terrific from start to finish. They've opted to replace standard olive oil with a chimmichuri dipping sauce.  The lobster appetizer was unreal -- a serious piece of lobster bathed in delicious buttery goodness adorned with fresh peas and mushrooms.  My striped bass was perfectly prepared and the BF's skate wing was also terrific (but we decided the bass was the real winner). Both dishes were nice sized-portions and really nice balanced flavors.
The price is a bit high ($27-29 for entrees) but balanced by the fact that it's BYOB and the food is well worth every penny.
The hand-written and butcher paper menus add charm, while the friendly and talkative waitstaff makes dinner more enjoyable. 
The only drawback is that because the restaurant is so small, the space can get a little smoky and steamy when the kitchen really gets going and bathroom is nothing short of underwhelming.This is probably my 3rd or 4th review of Little Fish.  The atmosphere is always great and very chill.  The menu changes constantly which is something that I love because you can go to this place over and over again and it would be hard to have the exact same dish twice.  We started off with the octopus and the lobster apps followed by the striped bass and skate wing entrees.  Everything was excellent and the portions were great.  Even though we were quite full we ordered dessert which was a chocolate brownies with ice cream and a few other tasty things with it.  It was enormous so definitely plan to split that baby because I would have had trouble taking the whole thing down by myself even if I was still hungry.  Fantastic dinner as usual.Must have a reservation. Really good. Lot's o' love in the food. Totally worth the price.This is definitely one of the tiniest and coziest restaurants I've ever been to, along with the tiniest strip of a menu I've ever seen (as it changes daily). It really feels like you are in someone's home, which is awesome. The menu is split into a few sections, and it is recommended for two people to pick one app or first course, as well as two second courses, there was also only one dessert available. Each table gets bread with fantastic herb/oil spread. For first course we got little fish pieces in a light broth. It was good, and had strong fish flavors, so some may not like it. For our entrees we tried the salmon and the tuna steak. Both dishes were pretty large with a ton of roasted veggies and sauces. I am not sure which dish I liked better, as both were filled with unique yet simple flavors and both fish were cooked perfectly. The dessert was corn bread with popcorn flavor ice cream. Unfortunately I was not a big fan, as the ice cream just tasted super salty (but just like pop corn!) and the corn bread was just OK.
Overall, this is a great place to take a date or have an intimate dinner with a friend or two.  It is a little pricey, but you get to bring your own wine!Quite possibly the best meal I have ever had. Seriously, it was that good. Like seafood? you will love this place. Love seafood, you will want to marry this place. 
The food is absolutely amazing and delicious. So good, you want to savor every bite. The problem at first, is your food is too pretty and nicely presented to eat. Well, not exactly, but almost. 
Fish was cooked perfectly, and tasted like it was caught five minutes prior. 
Service was very good too.
Portions were fine size wise. 
A great "lets splurge" date night. Sure, it's expensive, but well worth it. Afterwards, I thought my wife and I got a great price on a memorably awesome meal. The wife loved it too.
Atmosphere is neat. It's really small, but you don't notice the people sitting around you. Not crowded at all. 
When I go back the only thing I would do differently, is order another appetizer instead of getting a bunch of oysters. The oysters were good, but unless you really want to break the bank, use the oyster money to try an appetizer.absolutely superb meal. Went at 5 or so on a weekday night...not too full/crowded. Very intimate however. Oysters were sublime. Ramp w/ crab was also sublime.  the sea bass entree was gorgeous. I can't imagine them preparing anything that ISN'T an absolutely perfect creation. It's very pricy at $30 entrees and $15 apps, but the food is so good I would happily pay it again.I went to Little Fish for the Sunday prix fixe dinner and was impressed, but not overly so.  The meal was as follows:
- mixed green salad with shaved asparagus and maracona almonds
- corn chowder with shrimp, andouille sausage, and potato dumplings 
- salmon served with pork belly, avocado puree, and runny scrambled eggs
- sea bass with eggplant and zuchini
- chocolate cake with chocolate chip ice cream
The salad was good, but not spectacular, perhaps because it wasn't a very exciting or inventive combination.  The corn chowder was my favorite, although the dumplings were slightly more dense than the dish could handle.  I liked the salmon a lot, and even got over the runny scrambled egg thing because the combination of colors on the plate was so pretty and the flavors were well balanced.  The sea bass was cooked very well, but I found the eggplant (a puree and diced eggplant) to be overwhelming.  The cake was really horrible--- totally dry and inedible, although the ice cream was good. 
Overall, these people know how to cook fish, and I'd go back (and take people back) on that basis.  BUT, and this is a big but, I will never go back on a hot day.  The kitchen is in the restaurant behind a counter and from what I can tell, the air conditioning doesn't really work.  I would guess that the temperature was topping 85 while I was in there, and that sort of heat, leading to such discomfort, makes it very hard to enjoy a meal.Enjoyed a Sunday evening tasting here. The five course meal was delicious and had such range, yet a southern theme. Started off with fried oysters and ended with a pecan pie. Although a bit pricey, was up to expectations.Do yourself a favor and check out this little place! Take a special person because it's intimate, cozy, and romantic. The fish is superb and a little unusual (well, at least for me and my date). I never had octopus before but I fell in love with it that night. I had the Sea Trout; it was very tasty and flavorful. He had a fish that started with a "c". Neither one of us had ever heard of this kind of fish. Even though I can't remember the name, I will never forget the taste. I didn't know fish could had such a strong, distinct taste. I was used to fish being bland or with a hint of taste.  Not these dishes; flavor will knock you out of your chair. So, go check it out. And bring your own bottle if you like wine with your dinner. Have fun. I wish I could give it 10 stars.I'm literally not exaggerating. I've been eating at so many upscale places lately, renounced places. Especially in NYC as I've been there every weekend because of my girlfriend. But this restaurant, Little Fish, has got to be one of the best meals I've ever had... I am not exaggerating. I ordered everything on the menu and each dish blew me away. It is so worth the money. Do come eat here. You will not leave disappointed. Not even at the very slightest. 
Plus the ambiance, the service, everything is so good. This has easily become one of my favorite restaurants. 
It took a little bit to find parking, but it was worth the hunt for a spot. Seriously. If you're reading this, come eat here. Bring your SO. Bring your parents. Bring your SO's parents. Bring the world. Seriously. I sound super over enthusiastic, but my review is an understatement lol. Come here.Not only did Little Fish serve up the best seafood I have EVER tasted..but it is the best place I have eaten in all of Philadelphia. AMAZING! don't forget BYOB and Try the diver scallop appetizer!Have you ever been to a restaurant with six pages of food options?  A place with a kitchen that cooks lots of variety but does nothing too well?  hEllO, totally not Little Fish.  This quaint little restaurant in one of Philly's quieter neighborhoods (Philly?  Quiet?  Ya, I know what you're thinking) has a delightfully small menu, all seafood.
I usually have a rule: no seafood on dates.  hEllO, who wants to kiss someone at the end of the night with salmon breath?  Not me.  So you imagine my restraint when I was plEAded with to eat at Little Fish on a recent Philadelphia excursion.  I fought right up until an expensive bottle of wine was waved in my face (Mollydooker's Blue Eyed Boy, fAbUlOUs).  Since Little Fish is a BYOB, you're encouraged to bring your own bottle of wine since they don't have a bar.  And if you're pretentious like I am, then you'll find the most expensive-looking bottle available... which may include putting a Dom Perignon label on a Yellowtail.  Guilty.  I've done it.  Get over it.
Our server was lovely, and gave me all the "locally-made" bread I wanted.  Locally-made?  hEllO, if it was imported, wouldn't it go bad?  Of course if it's bread it'll be locally made.  But she was delightful, made pErfEct suggestions, was friendly, and knew what she was doing.
So, dinner.  I started with the oysters, which carried the usual, incredible Little Fish complex tastes.  But it was the entrée that mesmorized me for the rest of the evening.  I ordered the skate, which arrived topped with foie gras.  Every piece exploded in my mouth with flavor.  And my date ordered the tuna, which was as soft as butter.  I could've spread it across my body and tanned.  I felt like I was biting into fish-flavored crème brulee.  My mouth was in love.
I was shocked and disgusted that Little Fish had sold out on their dessert menu.  No fish for dessert?  Puh-lease.  At least have salmon cupcakes or trout-flavored coffee.  hEllO, why would I want to follow the most amazing seafood with chocolate torte?
Perfect for a date.  Especially if they're paying!
This has been a Review by FulgencioI have literally been thinking about coming here for almost twenty years (or however it has been open) and for some reason or another, just haven't gotten around to it. Finally did so...And the following is my report. 
A very good fish restaurant doing some nice unfussy food that overall is well performed. I had four oysters with mignonette that was a little overpowering. I think I would have simply preferred them with a touch of lemon or perhaps dial back the vinegar (or again use a very light acidity rice-wine vinegar). Anyway, the oysters themselves were pristine and beautifully cared for.
My wife had the red snapper ceviche which she liked.
Then, a very nicely done piece of barely seared big-eye for my wife. Quite beautifully prepared even if the dish was a little busy. At some point it does become hard to figure where the main ingredient fits in. But huge kudos for one aspect of their food: it is incredibly light. There wasn't a single dish that relied on oil, butter, or other fats as its principle source of flavor and I can't tell you how happy that makes me. It was an entirely digestible, clean flavored meal. 
I had two apps instead of the main course (which inspired me a little less). So a beautiful plate of grilled octopus that was nicely balanced by little potatoes, pieces of beet, and various other little goodies that really made this a warm salad. Really well done. I love octopus and I really loved this plate.
The other plate was perhaps the weakest of the dinner. A piece of Spanish Mackerel, a favorite fish of mine--to both catch and eat--which had been cooked "a l'unilatéral" (i.e. skin side down until it is essentially cooked through and the skin is crispy). A couple of things went wrong with this dish. It was very small: which was a little odd next to the octopus dish which was huge. In other words, the portion sizes are kind of all over the map. I don't know that I would have thought is was so small had the other app literally not been eight times bigger. Since I got both at the same time (more on that later) it just didn't look right. So this nice piece of mackerel had been cook on the skin. The problem was a)it had been cooked at too high a heat so the skin was burned. It's a delicate balance to get that skin just right, and they didn't hit it. Flame was too high--though I understand they wanted a little char. But there was too much. The other thing, and this was the big mistake, is that they flopped something on top of the fish (I'm writing this a few days later and I can't remember what it was) which immediately made the skin soft. So all that work getting the skin crispy was for naught. Instead, it was gummy. Which of course is exactly what you are trying to avoid. 
I told the kitchen about it and was a little surprised that they didn't appear more interested in hearing about my experience with their food. I had been listening to that shop talk during our meal so I know they care about food and its prep. But does that mean that you should ignore a customer who, believe it or not, and contrary to most, actually knows what he's talking about? Believe me boys, I've been working with fish longer than some of you have been alive. So why not listen? Can't hurt, right. I know most people don't know squat. But I'm not one of them.
OK. So the service was a little surprising, particularly given a virtually empty restaurant. The woman serving was nice enough when we walked in. Somewhat aloof but passably gracious. Throughout the meal, she remained mostly on top of things. Not too present, kept our glasses filled but didn't ask us how we were doing every three minutes (which I hate). So far so good. 
What was less good was giving me both my apps next to each other when one was supposed to be the app and the other the main course. It looked ridiculous and it was impossible to eat that way. Why not just fire one after the other and serve them in sequence? It's not like either dish was going to take that long--especially not the mackerel. At least ask me how I want them served if you have any doubts. It just didn't make any sense and it was inelegant. 
But that was relatively minor. What was far less comprehensible was the fact that once we had finished our meal, left a generous 25% tip and gone for our coats, she didn't bother to bid us good evening or anything. She saw us get up and never bothered to turn around or anything. It's a couple of words, but it is the most basic of things. So instead of leaving on a high note, we were thinking WTF was her problem there? And indeed, what was the problem? We had been soft-spoken, enjoyed a good meal, and were feeling very good about the place. And then boom, a sense that as soon as the money had been forked over, the interest was gone. 
For a place that was 1/4 on a Thursday night, you'd have thought they would be more enthusiastic about keeping (a first-time!) customer happy. Guess not. Too bad. I may or may not come back for that reason.I went to the 8pm Sunday sampling and all the dishes were great except the dessert. Playing was pretty and service was great especially given all tables were reserved. Only giving 4 starts as the dessert fell short, a pound cake with blueberry compote, given presentation and taste of other 4 coursesbleh...
too expensive and too bland in my opinion. Great concept, lack of execution.Little Fish is one of those places that I've ridden my bike past , but never given a second thought to. What was I thinking?!
Seafood is hard. It is often over cooked, dry, and served with a bunch of crap that has nothing to do with the fish you ordered. Little Fish impressed me--the menu was small (like the restaurant), but each dish had an attention to detail that you jut don't see in restaurants of it's size.
I dined here in a party of four and we each ordered something different. Halibut, Salmon, Escarole, and Marlin were all out of this world. The plating was beautiful and all of the flavors were right on. For dessert, we shared a few orders of Lavender Creme Brulee which was unexpectedly delicious.
The atmosphere is casual and intimate. The restaurant is so small that you're practically sitting inside the kitchen, but I didn't feel crowded at all.
Call for a reservation and to find out what is on the menu--it changes daily.First time at little fish and we absolutely loved it ! The restaurant has about 6-8 tables and you can see the chefs cooking your food. The food is delicious ! Very creative flavorful dishes. Had the hamachi with pistahio, oysters and black bass (spicy) for appetizers followed by the halibut, tuna fish and mahi mahi. The food was very flavorful and very nicely presented. Will be coming back for sure. Highly recommend this place.This is a joint review to emphasize the greatness of our experience. The quaint and dimly lit room, seating so few, is incredibly inviting. On our candle lit table, our friendly waitress placed a delicious slice of bread on our plates, we wished there was more (really, we wanted the whole basket). Every morsel of food served was prepared solely and specially for us, seemingly. It was exciting to see the open kitchen and the amount of energy and love the chefs put into preparing our dishes. The complexity of each specific ingredient came across the palate one by one, emphasizing each exciting new flavor in every delectable moment. Bravo with the mackerel and striped bass, chefs of Little Fish! And the cutest thing of all were the menus and check, all handwritten and modified often, as we were informed. These people really know what they're doing.I was so excited to try this place but it was a bad experience from the start. We had a reservation but had to wait 20 minutes in the bitter cold to be seated. The reason we had to wait in the cold is because there is no place to stand inside without standing creepily close to someone's table. 
There were drapes blocking the entrance and I am assuming it was to block the cold from the entrance. Had the heavy drapes not been there, people can at least stand in the doorway and wait. There has got to be a wall heater that can heat that entryway and allow them to remove the curtain. 
Finally we were seated but it was this tiny cramped 2 top by the window. Not much food was going to fit on that table. Plus, right behind my husband was a poorly placed coat rack. The coats were literally touching my husband's back and that was even with us pulling the table closer towards me. Regardless, we were going to try. Within minutes, people had to crawl and reach over my husband's back to get their coats. Very disruptive. Not their faults, it was the fault of the restaurant for trying to fit too much stuff in a small space. Finally, we asked to be moved to another table. The server said nothing could be done because the two empty 4 tops already had reservations. 
So, we left. Between the frigid air blasting my husband through the front when the door opened and people reaching behind him for their coats, we had enough. Not going to spend that kind of money on dealing with that.One of the  BEST in the city!    Small, friendly, quaint BYOB with amazing food!
  Menu is small, but why mess with the best.  I HIGHLY recommend adding this to your must try list!This is the second time going to Little Fish and it was amazing, it was amazing the first time but the new stuff on the menu was just unreal.  First a little about the place, it's small, maybe 25 seats so if you have a reservation on a busy night you may arrive to find that you need to wait a few minutes, if that's the case drop off your beer/wine/liquor and head down the block to the bar and tell them to text you when the table is ready.  That's the other thing it's a BYO so bring whatever you want to drink. 
Here's the thing about Little Fish, it's a very romantic place, good for dates with significant others or just impressing someone.  However, if you are sitting at the table after dinner just holding hands and it's 8:30-9:00 pm on a Friday or Saturday night don't be surprised if the staff tells you that there is someone waiting for your table.  Again there is only 25 seats in the whole place, be respectful and don't camp.  You can hold hands and stare at each other down the street at one of the bars or at home on the couch.  You don't need to do that at Little Fish for an extended period of time.  
I am going to detail our dinner there, but a lot of times that is meaningless because the menu at Little Fish changes on a whimp, seriously. 
This time I took a good buddy of mine to Little Fish that was in town visiting, needless to say we were not on a romantic date, although I think the table next to us thought we were.  The service is great and the staff is extremely knowledgeable about the menu and will help you where needed.  We started off with some wine and 3 appetizers which looking back was extremely aggressive.  The special app for the night was a live scallop that was shucked and sliced to order, it was paired with some blood orange, radish, and a few other things that went extremely well together, I would have order 5 of these things.  Next we got the char grilled octopus with green olive, pepper, and couscous, this was amazing and the couscous was the best I have ever had.  Following this we got the mackerel which came on top of a toasted english muffin and was accompanied with a soft boiled egg and a broccoli aoli, super awesome.  By this point we are pretty full but we can't stop and won't stop, so my buddy ordered the scallops which came with bacon, duck, gigante, daikon, and seaweed.  We aren't really sharers but he said it was awesome and after splitting 3 apps with me he ate all of this and it was a large hearty portion.  I ordered the sturgeon which was so unreal, perfectly cooked and not fishy at all, it came with a big ol slab of veal, celery, and shishito peppers.  After all this we were stuffed.
See my comments above about camping out at your table, apparently the reason we waited 30 minutes for ours was because of that reason, according to our waitress.  Since we were the last reservation for the night she said we could hang out and finish our wine.  About 5 minutes later she was nice enough to bring us over a free pineapple mousse dessert for being patient while waiting for our table.  Total bill with everything was $126, a deal for the meal we had, I will be back soon.Wonderful meal at Little Fish tonight.  The oysters on the half shell with shallot mignonette were refreshing and delicious, I could have eaten dozens.  My friend and I split the first course scallops with cherry tomatoes and squash, which were perfectly cooked and served with a delicious summery sauce (wish I'd had a spoon for it).  Bluefin tuna was also perfectly cooked with a thin outside sear and raw the rest of the way through, and I loved the cioppino onions and potatoes with it.  I didn't care as much for the whole charred shishitos in the dish, I'd have preferred them seeded and perhaps a little softer on the inside, but that's just my personal taste.  I do think they added a nice hint of extra flavor to the sauce, though.  Flavors were interesting, complex, and dishes were perfectly cooked.  
Staff were top notch, and kudos to their hustle clearing, serving, and cleaning up around this tiny space that turns out exceptional food and experience.  That's professionalism.  
If I were to offer any constructive critique, it would be to update the menu on their web site each day or as it changes.  It's not hard to do and is a nice courtesy for last minute diners (like I was).  The current menu on the site is from 2017.
I look forward to my next visit to this BYO gem.I lucked out and got treated to this fantastic restaurant by a friend who got stood up trying to take a guy she was dating out for dinner on his birthday.  Unrelated story, but I got to reap the benefits of the shallow, fickle nature of relationships these days...
  Onto the experience.  The place is tiny, so a reservation is a must since it is also one of the best meals I have eaten in Philadelphia.  The place looks as though it might have been a sushi bar at some point since the kitchen is takes up one side of the small room and it is right there open for the diners to see.  Our seat was perfect.  It was the one away from the other tables and positioned in the left corner by the kitchen.  It was very unobtrusive and we got to see them building what turned into some very beautiful dishes.  My only mild criticism is the decor.  It kind of reminds of what Robert Wyland's dining room would look like.  I don't care so much for the intense aqua theme, but being a seafood spot.... I suppose it worked, and it is easily overlooked because of every other aspect.  
  I wish that I had written this right after eating so I could accurately describe our dishes, but this was a while ago so i can just say that we had three courses and every single one of them was near perfect.  The server was extremely friendly, prompt and knowledgable.  The menu is very small so it probably wasn't the most daunting task to memorize to perfection every ingredient in the dishes.  Don't take the small menu as a downside.  It is a definately a quality over quantity type of situation, and if you are worried about running out of options on repeat business, they run nightly specials so you don't have to keep getting the same five or six things.  
  This is one of the best places I can think of for a date.  It is a BYOB which I love.  I like shopping for some good wines before going to eat and being able to drink  a couple of bottles amongst friends without it costing over a hundred bucks.  The ambiance is nice (minus one point for underwater porno set wall decor).  The privacy is nice.  I don't really like eating in places where there are 500 other people stuffing there faces all around you or crying kids or obnoxious drunks.  You get none of that here. The plae is quiet, smells good, and is romantic.  It's a pretty sexy place.  The chef/owner has truly carved out his niche and mastered it.  I would recommend this palce to anyone looking for true dining experience that exceeds expectation.  My advice, though:  don't skimp on the experience.  The money you save by bringing your own wine should be put into getting something from all courses.  It gives you longer to talk in the great atmosphere and it offers a rollercoaster of amazing flavors from the chef.My friends decided to take me out to Little Fish for my birthday and boy have I missed this place. If you're a fish lover, this place is necessary to try out. They have only a handful of appetizers and entrees every day which makes for delicious and super fresh fish dishes. 
My favorites were hands down the seared scallop with seared foie gras appetizer and my entree which was chicken fried soft crabs. I love soft shell crabs and this dish did not disappoint. 
The atmosphere is cozy, small and friendly. The staff was helpful and laid back at the same time.  My only cons are the prices. It's pretty expensive for what it is and the sizes of the dishes. That being said, it's a BYOB which always helps AND there's nothing else like it in Philly. 
All fish lovers, absolutely make it to Little Fish!I was here recently for a cozy dinner, and the intimate atmosphere was perfect. Service is friendly and attentive without being obtrusive.
The menu here seems to rotate, but the Alaskan shrimp appetizer and the trout with potatoes and leeks were both phenomenal. A bass dish with crispy grains was not bad, but by no means comparable to the other dishes. Dessert, a brownie with mango sauce, missed the mark on taste in spite of beautiful presentation.
Overall, a lovely and romantic BYO sure to impress your dining partners.I've been here a couple times and usually it's amazing but this time it was beyond horrible.  The flavors didn't jive. The nori was too strong, the goat cheese was too strong. Each dish had something that was too dominant. 
I would recommend this restaurant but this time I was so disappointed. On top of it all they didn't discount for a dessert that wasn't even touched. 
A shame.Had a great experience at the Sunday tasting menu!
4 out of 5 courses were excellent -  including dessert.
The salad course was a bit of a miss - fresh but over dressed.Little Fish proves the old adage that smaller is better. A friend and I had dinner here on a weeknight. The food was great, and the intimate space was charming. For you foodies, the kitchen is right there in the (small) dining room. I am still dreaming about the king crab in sweet-sour broth and the ginger pot de creme with kumquat marmalade. Highly recommended!Great end to the week with the sunday prix fixe, some saisions and a few buddies. Small and cozy, prime view of all the action where the two chefs put out an unbelievable 5-course meal.
1.spinach and endive salad, bacon. I loved the salad and how it set the tone for the night
2.yellowtail (switched from salmon) over radish. Asian inspired here, tuna was amazing.
3. Scallop and seared duck breast. 5spice encrusted the scallop, that and duck cooked perfectly. Carrot purée awesome also. Best for me, wish it was 5x bigger.
4. hebi. First for me with this white, steaky hawaiian spearfish. Set in a delicious mushroom broth, very good and most of my friends fave.
5.banana cake- my lone never eat happens to be banana, so I enjoyed the chocolate ice cream, my boys said the cake was good though
Great value per portions and byob is awesome. Both servers very attentive and efficient and as a whole it was a great dinner. Can't wait for some more Sundays here in the future.There wasn't a element about this restaurant I didn't like. It is located in a beautiful neighborhood in South Philly. There is seating both inside and outside. The vibe is very casual and awesome. Open kitchen. BYOB. FRESH seafood.
Make sure to make reservations. This is a favorite spot of many.My foodie date and I attended the Sunday Prix Fixe in mid January. I must tell you.. it was a fantastic evening that could not have been half as wonderful without this incredible experience!! We were treated to five memorable courses in the small but comfortable dining area lit for romance and conversation. We even had the opportunity to speak to a new chef on her first night.. she was clearly tired and they obviously worked her(in a good way!). 
Bring your wine and your appetite. We'd have paid twice as much as we did for this!Overall experience 1.5 out of 5.
Came here for MY birthday, it was for an intimate dinner for two.  Sadly to say, I had high hopes going in for my birthday dinner, but left with a sour note.  We arrived promptly for our reservation, the restaurant was what I expected very low key, something cozy, nothing obnoxious and loud. It was a weeknight, so it's not packed, only a couple of tables. My partner had a hard time finding parking so we decide that I'll go in first and check in while she finds parking. I sat there for 10 min before they offered me water or to open our bottle of wine...Strike 1...I over looked that initial service cause maybe they wanted my partner to arrive before they'll greet us or acknowledge my existence.
After I got a glass of water and a glass of wine, I had time to survey the environment, place setting (chipped bread plates on every table) and familiarize myself with the limited menu...3 types of oysters, 4 appetizers, and 4 fish entrees.  I decided to phone my partner and check in on her and tell her about the menu choices. She told me since it's my bday I should just order whatever I want. She should be there by the time the food arrives. So I did, I order the 3 type oysters on the menu (Deer Creek, and another two different types), the Papadelle (Mushroom Pasta), the Octopus, and the Hamachi Tartar, for the entrée I decided on the Strip Bass. 
I waved my waiter down, to place an order....He looked at me surprised, when I said I would like to place my order for the oysters, and the appetizers, and I'll wait for my partner to arrive before placing the entrée. My conversation with him was very awkward. I never felt welcome though out the night by him. Here's an example of his service.  I asked for another slice of bread for the both of us. He gave me a piece of bread end, pretty much all crust. I asked him if I can have another slice that's not the end, cause I can't chew the bread crust due to my braces. He looks at me like I'm weird, then gave me another piece of bread, however that new piece of bread is so small that it's only 1 sq inch left, when I ripped off the crust. By this time, I'm a little frustrated with him. Maybe cause it's fueled, by this:  Another table arrived after me, where it's this American guy, mid-30 waiting for his date to arrive too...He was promptly seated and attended too. The same waiter was very tentative, asking him if he wanted his bottle of wine open, and telling him the special on the board, all while pouring him a glass of water within 3 min of him sitting down. *sigh* ....Where's my same treatment? Am I consider a second class citizen at "Little Fish"? Strike two! 
My partner arrived right before our food arrived. The 3 oysters, were too salty and each one that we got was the size of a quarter, . We were wondering why the other table had oysters double the size of ours (1.5 out of 5). I have to say...just to clarify....I will pretty much pay any price for food just as long as it had the chops to back it up. 
The Hamachi tartar was around 15ish, we're looking at half of a hockey pluck of tartar. The tartar was a little bland for us, all I tasted was the scallion and nothing else much (2 out 5).
 The Papadelle (3 out of 5) was well cooked but nothing wow, the percino cheese made it too salty. 
As for the Octopus ...it was burnt...I understand that charred will give it that smokey flavor assuming that's what the chef is going for...but our Octopus and the pork belly was BURNT (1 out of 5 )! 
Moving on to our Entrée...the Strip Bass with lobster and veal breast, (2.5 out of 5)...My note to the chef would be "Against the Grain! Cut against the grain!"
 I almost choked on the veal breast. I had a hard time chewing the meat, I was trying hard not having to spit it out. Let's say "Thank god for water". That was it... Strike 3 right there. 
We had to ask for what was on the dessert menu, instead of my waiter offering to tell us. He told us it was a chocolate torte or something that's like a donut... We were done, and didn't want to deal with our waiter anymore afterward and the dessert didn't sound like something worth sitting through.  We just asked for our check, paid then left to elsewhere for desserts.My sister gave me a very generous $100 gift cert to Little Fish for Christmas. This place is a BYOB, so this gave us plenty of money to spend on dinner for two.
We needed it; this place is pricy, but man, do they earn it. All the seafood is fresh, with handwritten menus reflecting the daily catch. And goddammit, this was one of the best seafood meals I've ever had. From east and west coast oysters on the half shell, to scallops cooked perfectly and brimming with flavor, to a striped bass and lamb entree with a rich mix of fresh veggies - I made sure to savor every bite of this meal. We used up the gift cert and then some, but on the whole, we made out like bandits. All the servers were super friendly, and ours gave us good tips on what's what, and what's not to miss.
One word of advice: If you don't like your fish cooked rare, you should probably tell your server. Our dishes were very rare, and for good reason - they want to show off how amazingly fresh their food is. I loved every bite. But if you have any qualms, ask for your fish cooked medium and I'm sure they'll oblige.If i could go here every day of the week I would.  It is an amazing experience and I DO get around the Philly food scene.  You will experience flavors that you won't experience anywhere else.  And its BYOB?!?!?  Ok there is no reason not to go.Service and atmosphere are decent, and main courses were good and carefully prepared. However, portions were a little small and dessert was absolutely terrible. The panna cotta was LIQUID. Thinner than milk. I don't understand how they could serve something like that and call it panna cotta? The chocolate cake was dry and didn't have much flavor. Dessert was the last thing we had and the thing I remember most. Probably should have sent it back, but in an upscale restaurant they should have checked that the panna cotta was set before serving it...so frustrating.
I am giving 2 stars because of the price paid for 3 courses. Way too much for the final course to be so awful.The appetizers and main courses were delicious--I got the sashimi on the block of salt--A+ for presentation, and A++++ for fresh fish. YUM. Boyfriend got the mussels, again, a huge win. Thai flavor, lemongrass broth, and the mussels were delicious and meaty. Of the two main courses, BF was the winner with the lobster risotto (they use a WHOLE lobster in it). 
Ambiance: adorable hole in the wall. Service, exemplary.
minus one star for desserts not compelling enough to actually order. Also, I'd come to this restaurant for the legendary Sunday price fixe again.First of all - BYOB! - why do we not have more of this??? I was so happy to bring a great Chardonnay to this place and know I was getting bent over the table with a 150% markup.
Walking into Little Fish, I felt like I was walking into someone's home. It was a cozy refuge on an awful rainy day (even if my friend did complain that they lacked an awning out front to shelter us as we awaited our table). The restaurant really makes you feel like you are up for something special with its hand written menu of the day and free and easy service. 
Oh, and the food was outstanding. A lobster carpaccio was delicate and aromatic and the lobster flesh, fresh and succulent. Mussels in a coconut broth were meaty and sweet. When deciding on an entree, I was wooed by the setup of the skate dish (butternut squash, orecchiette and bitter greens) but I had never tried the fish before (always slightly put off by its appearance). Our sever gave the most skillful and enthusiastic endorsement and she was right on the money. I love it when they are passionate about what they are selling - that says it all.
Hopefully, one day I can return for the prix-fixe.The food was outstanding. Perfectly cooked. Service was attentive cheerful and great.Got the 5-course Sunday night special and it was fantastic.  Everything was fresh and delicious with a twist that made it special and different.  Restaurant was super cute and service was attentive.  Wasn't crazy about mahi mahi but I am not crazy about them in general.  It was an excellent experience.Fun little place with unique, imaginative, fresh cuisine. Loved it and it was warm and friendly in addition to having a great menu of fish with finesse. I would definitely go back on my next visit to Philadelphia.Moderately priced BYOB in Queen Village. The dishes were fantastic and the presentation was absolutely beautiful. Our dinner included: 
Oysters (East Beach Blonde/Kusshi): delicious, meaty, and sweet (Kusshi was a better choice)
Ceviche: tasty, but they could lose the foam
Hamachi: beautiful presentation and scrumptious .. especially the cherries
Black Cod: good, but not great 
Sea Trout: the flavors were complex .. and anything fried is a plus.
Chocolate cake with mint ice cream: perfect end to a great mealDon't even know where to begin about what was my favorite part. 
I was there last week with one of my besties to celebrate the end of an extra arduous month in school. And it was amazing. The food and the vibe. It was cute and definitely romantic if you want it for a date-- it'd be perfect. We were probably the only ones there not on a date. 
The oysters were delicious, and I'm not typically an oyster person. For appetizer we also got the Black Bass; it looked beautiful and tasted just as great.
I ordered the tuna and my friend ordered the monk fish. While the sauce of the monk fish was probably a bit better the tuna was cooked to perfection. They were both overall delicious. And the full meal from start to finish was enjoyable. Definitely recommend (albeit I don't usually post reviews I'm a big foodie and have gone to just about all the top restaurants in Philly throughout the last 5 years).Little Fish is my favorite new find in Philly (even though it has apparently been around forever!). Their $38 5-course menu on Sunday is a STEAL - BYOB is a perk. We went for my birthday, and were served the following: 
Panzanella Salad w/Black Sea Bass. Light & flavorful. Sea bass was made into medallions that were adding to perfectly fresh tomatoes and bread, tossed with a light vinaigrette. Great start! 
Shrimp & Sunflower Seed Pesto Pasta. A little spicy, pasta was perfect. Shrimp were cooked SO well - almost just shy of cooked through, on the rare side. 
Japanese Seabreem Crudo. Served with roasted squash - unusual combo, but REALLY delicious! 
Salmon Filet with Miso/Daikon Broth, Pea pods. Again, the fish was cooked PERFECTLY. Broth was amazing! My partner's favorite dish. 
Lavender Ice Cream w/ Roasted Plums. Tartness of plums played off the sweetness of the ice cream - really nice, light dessert. 
All for $38? With great service? In a small, intimate dining room? With exposed kitchen? 
YES. We'll be back!I've said it before and I'll say it again, I'm not typically a big fish fan, but except for the ceviche (which I have tried enough times in enough places to say that I don't like it) I was a big fan of everything on the tasting menu.  I think it was a Sunday night, and I think they have a tasting menu special on Sundays.  I don't really remember what we had, but I remember being very happy with it.  I don't think it was particularly expensive, and it is small.  I'm sorry for the lack of details, but I think this is a stop worth making.A small restaurant (get reservation if possible) where the chef prepares the finest fresh fish dishes. Appears like the menu changes often and flavors and concepts are hand crafted by the chef. Service is OK and overall knowledgeable and pleasant. Price points are reasonable, but dishes are slightly under-sized. That night I indulged on a lobster salad appetizer. The lobster wasn't perfect but neither was it chewy. The seasoning was reasonable and the accompanying glaze was tasty. The salmon main course was fresh and was cooked to perfection. Nothing amazing or special, but solid. The chocolate dessert flour-less cake was excellent with a side of coconut ice cream. Breads were good overall. Remember its BYO for alcoholic beverages. I would recommend you try Little Fish!Love, love, love this place!  Food is always amazing and creative. Don't miss the Sunday night tasting menu!Tuna was effing amazing. Literally melts in your mouth ;) 
Tried cobia for the first time, and my mind was blown.  I mean, what the heck is cobia?? Nevertheless, I left very satisfied and with the knowledge that cobia is my new favorite fish.Eat here. Probably the best meal I've had in about a year. The food here is amazing from start to finish. The service was top notch. The ambiance is perfect. We came in here with two bottles of wine (both under $10 bucks) and did not feel judged at all. We wanted to order everything on the menu but restrained ourselves to: raw oysters, kampachi, the tilefish, the amberjack, banana split, and strawberry tort. All of the above were incredible. The quality of food and service was well worth the price (total bill actually wasn't as bad as we had expected). By far one of the best places in the City to grab a good meal.The best seafood dinner I have ever had.  It made me happy to live in Philadelphia and even happier to be in Queen Village.
We started off with the buttery Kumamoto oysters from the west coast.  They were very fresh and tasty.  For appetizers we had the Kampachi that was sliced raw, sprinkled with chopped cucumber and peanuts and drizzled with a ponzu sauce, again, extremely fresh ingredients and a palate pleaser.  The next appetizer was my favorite, a chunk of lobster with an orange hollandaise over a duck confit hash.  The duck confit hash was absolutely amazing.  For our main dishes, we had the black cod with miso served over a light mushroom consomme, the crispified rice morsels in the consomme added a nice bite to the dish and there were two rock shrimp dumplings, as well!  Our second main dish was a fish called Suzuki (which had the consistency of catfish, but lacked the fishiness) served with pearl couscous and radicchio that was also a very solid dish, served along side a slice of fennel.
The food was excellent and the service was friendly.  We will definitely be back to Little Fish.Sunday 4/27/14  Chefs Tasting Menu- Party of 6.
Pros: Service was IMPECCABLE. 
The best wait staff I've had in the city besides Barclay Prime. They served all 4 women at the same time with 2 servers, then brought the 2 men their dishes directly after. Staff folded the napkin when I stepped outside for a 45 second call, cleared plates in timely manner, poured wine- basically did all the details you'd expect for 5 star service. 
The food was great! Courses: Asparagus dumpling soup, baked oysters on bed of lentils, seafood salad with octopus/shrimp/herring, deconstructed ravioli, and angel food cake dessert. 
Cons: Only con was they used shrimp and herring in multiple dishes (salad and ravioli). Both cooked to perfection but could have stood out a little more with more variety.  
Overall: Bill came out with tax, tip, etc, to $50 a person. Took 2 hours, with food rolling out in perfect intervals. Highly recommend.I literally couldn't love this place any more than I do... It's amazing. I'm from an island who heavily relies of fishing so I'm so used to having fresh and varied fish readily available. I've missed that since relocating. That is until I found Little Fish. By far the best seafood I've had since moving to America! My only call out would be I'd love to see a whole fish on the menu. BYOB also makes it affordable. Staff were knowledgable and friendly too! Can't wait to come back.I would say this is the best seafood restaurant in Philly it really is that good. 
Me and my sister did the prefix menu and neither of us were disappointed.  We love fish and seafood but both are generally not a fan of squid or octopus, somehow both of tried the octopus the chef prepared and we loved it.  I don't think I'm comfortable saying I love squid or octopus now, but I would eat it again if it came from little fish. Also I wasn't expecting much from dessert since obviously the specialty is fish, but the dessert was equally good as the rest of the meal.
The service and ambiance was perfect for a quiet little dinner. The restaurant is ideal for a date night since it has an open kitchen you can watch the chef cook and smell what he is creating will getting tipsy on your byob beverage of choice.Where do I start? First of all, I read all of the wonderful reviews about this restaurant. I had to try it. Perhaps it was because it was a Sunday night fixed tasting menu (Warning: Find out what is on the menu before you go. There are no substitutes.) . We arrived a few minutes early for our 5:30 reservation. The dining room was empty, but we were asked to wait outside; thank goodness it was warm. Once inside the small, unremarkable dining room, we were given water, then basically ignored; no bread no nothing until all of the others for the 5:30 seating had arrived. That took until close to 6 pm. Then the first dish came. It was some sort of trout Sashimi with chopped raw cucumbers, salad greens and too many Jalapenos. The dressing would have been tasty if it wasn't so salty (I use a lot of salt and this was too much for me.) and vinegary. The next course was a bok choy salad with shallots and pistachios. It was OK, but again too salty. Also why a second salad. The next course was gnocchi. The were nice and fluffy. The sauce was good, but relied too much on oregano for flavor. All I can say about the main entree, Sword Fish with potatoes, was that the potatoes were excellent. Maybe it's me, but the sword fish was not seared on the outside, was like warm jelly and had no particular taste that would encourage me to eat it. My wife sent her meal back to have the remainder of the fish cooked a little more. They were very nice about it and in fact presented her with an entirely new meal. Unfortunately, this fish was just as under cooked as the first. We gave up.  I am not a crank. Over, the past month, we have eaten in at least 20 different restaurants in 3 different state (CA, TX and PA). We did not have one other meal that we did not enjoy.
By the way, parking in the area is very difficult, as you should expect in South Philly. We had to park about 6 blocks away.Dining at Little Fish was a great experience.  I brought my family who was out of town as a fun BYO experience.  Being from the west coast, we had high expectations of "fresh fish".  We were all pleasantly surprised how fresh the fish tasted and how well the flavors were brought together.  It was great to see local and seasonal flavors brought to the table and work together.  The flavors were bold and risky but amazingly tasty.  The idea of a daily menu makes the customer realize how much the restaurant really does try to bring in season ingredients together.  We started with the lobster appetizer which was delicious and rich so perfect to share.  Two guests got the walleye and two got the yellowfish tuna.  Both were delicious and flavorful!  We ended with their dessert which was a very moist cake which topped off the meal fabulously.  I will definitely be back!Unfortunately, we dined here during a heat wave. Their box unit a/c (with exposed kitchen) couldn't handle it. Need to go back since the food was amazing. Service was spot on. Ate some of the best oysters I've ever been near, and enjoyed fish offering that were not the usual suspects (salmon, tuna, etc). Excellent. Going back some day...Hands down for the food at this hidden gem! Small place but with the the freshest and most tasty fish dishes I've ever eaten. I walked in on a weekday night at 8-ish and was glad to be seated right away. Nice ambient and cozy inside with an open kitchen where you can see the 2 chefs chopping, grilling and pan frying fishes at the corner stoves. Though no fishy smell at all in the seating area.
I got the Cobia and my friend got the Skate. The server explained to my friend thoroughly that the Skate dish they make there is different from other restaurant.
Cobia - Cooked just right before well done to keep the tenderness! So juicy and meaty with smokey flavor along with few small pieces of lamb brisket braised with delicious juice/sauce.
Skate - There is seriously a reason why they cooked the dishes without filleting the flesh but with bone-in instead. It really keeps the freshness of the fish and most importantly the soft and stringy texture. The meat could easily be slid off with a fork.
I feel so spoiled by this place that I'm sure I'll be so picky on the fish dishes at other restaurants days after!Absolutely, hands down, best BYOB in the city.
I've been going to Little Fish since it was in its old location, on the corner of 5th and Catherine, where there were about 8 tiny tables and an open kitchen with only enough room for two chef's. That was when I was 18, and I could already tell this was something special.
Now in the new location and a few years later, the dining room has expanded slightly to about 12 tables, but the kitchen has stayed the same. Meaning the attention to detail is ever present. Every dish is a work of art you have no problem destroying to satisfy your lustful taste buds.
The menu changes often, sometimes daily so that only the freshest catch is brought to your table. The standout dish from my most recent experience was by far the grilled octopus with corn bread crumble, pickled rhubarb and a smoky, almost BBQ romanesco. This dish literally is a sensory experience in and of itself. Every part of your tongue is kissed with flavorful goodness, that separately wows, but together astounds.
The perfect date spot for someone special, you'll be making out by dessert.Went there due to good Yelp reviews. Except the bread, chimichurri(served in the beginning) and oysters, the food was subpar. Octupus  appetizer was way over cooked and inadequately grilled, served with peanuts(why?). Scallops  appetizer had three medium scallops served with some white sauce and strawberries. Tilefish with asparagus and red wine sauce, again, like the other two appetizers lacked any particular taste or cohesion. Altogether the ingredients seemed to have been put together haphazardly. Also, The water served was in room  temperature/warm. Overall the price and satisfaction had a negative correlation. 
In a city like Philadelphia where we have plenty of good restaurants(seafood including , see NYTimes 36 hours in Philadelphia for a very good one) this one felt lacking sophistication.Their Sunday prix fixe for $33 is pretty wonderful. Great deal, five courses, BYO - what more could ask for?
The portions are a little on the teeny side, but the flavors are excellent. The seafood is fresh, prepared well and you'll leave feeling very happy. Haven't tried the regular menu, but the Sunday prix fixe def left me wanting more.
Teeny restaurant, make resos far in advance esp for the Sunday dinner.This is easily our favorite restaurant in philly. My wife and I moved here six months ago and set to work trying almost every restaurant within 20 blocks of our apartment. We stumbled upon this one and could not have loved it more. It is small and wonderfully intimate, with no pretense. The servers have all been wonderful, and the Sunday night tasting menu is a ridiculously good deal. I also recommend going on other nights, and if you see Cobia on the menu, don't hesitate and just order it. The Cobia we had there was truly the best piece of fish I have ever had, and I'm a huge fish fan. They also make a spicy crab pasta that is out of this world, and I generally don't like pasta. Finally, it's BYOB, so it's easy to go and have a ridiculously tasty dinner and get drunk for less than $100. Always a winner in my book. We will definitely be back here many times before we leave this city.So far, this has been the best meal of 2011, edging out Bistro des Compains in Occidental.  
The hamachi small plate was outstanding.  It was 5 good sized slices of fresh fish topped with avocado, jalapeno slices and pickled red onions.  The finishing touch of fleur del sel gave it a terrific snap in your mouth.  This was so good I seriously considered ordering a second for dessert.  The red snapper entree cam over a white grits cake, with fava beans and white corn in a pureed "gazapacho" sauce.  It was delicious!  I don't love the space, but that is overcome by the quality of the food.I absolutely like this cozy little street corner, Bella Vista, superb fish specialist, BYOB.  
You start with a menu written and printed on note paper, with limited items to choose, and you will still have a tough time to decide what you want.  That is when your server can jump in and help you out, (when you can find her).  There is seating for 28, I made reservations two weeks in advance and I anticipated and received excellent prepared fish with superb presentation, freshness and texture.  The tiny space was complete with an open kitchen, diverse clientele and nice wine glasses with no corkage fee which the suburban BYOB's have been throwing at you lately.
For apps we had the Octopus,  so tender, texture perfect, presentation delightful; and the Big Eye Tuna, seared exterior, rare interior served with eggplant, watermelon slices, what a wonderful balance of flavors.
Entrees we devoured were the striped bass and the monk fish.  Both fantastic in taste, preparation and accompaniments.  Textures and flavors throughout each dish complimenting and supporting each other.
Places like this need a separate category.  This wonderful find is in the order of Pumpkin and Matyson, two other wonderful BYOB's which make regular restaurant goers want to be and strive to be "foodies".Excellent. Crab. Get the crab. Terrific service. Poured wine every time it was getting too low in my glass. Seriously, service was 10 stars. Yummy. Get the crab? Yes get the crab.Went on a Saturday night with a friend and her sister armed with a bottle of wine for each of us.  This was definitely a splurge dinner.  We shared some oysters and then my friend and I shared the scallops in coconut oil which were wonderful.  Our server was very knowledgeable and explained all the dishes and made recommendations.  I decided to have halibut as my main dish.  It came with corn cakes and a bacony sauce.  My friends had the cobia with the lamb.  Both dishes were exceptional, definitely one of the best meals I've had in Philly.
I do wish the bread that they served was warm, and I was also not particularly impressed with the oysters, but these are minor complaints, and I absolutely recommend that everyone should go.I have been eyeing this place for while on yelp, so I chose to go here for my birthday. I'm so happy we went here because the food was phenomenal. My boyfriend and I started off with an appetizer  each. I had the octopus, it was charred, very tasty and came on top of crispy potatoes. My boyfriend had the hamachi ceviche, which was also very tasty and reminded me of the islands. For my entree, I had the Tasmanian sea trout. They served it skin side up and the skin was perfectly charred and crispy. It came with apples, bacon, cabbage, and mushrooms. I don't usually like cabbage, but the way they cooked it, I loved it.  My bf had the striped bass. He only let me have one bite (because it was so good he didn't want to share), but the piece he did let me have was delicate, flaky and had nice flavor. By the way, there was plenty of food and left the dinner completely stuffed.  I can't wait to have another excuse to go back. 
If you love fish, like I do, this is great restaurant for a special occasion. If you don't like fish, and don't want to spend money (expect to pay 50ish per person), this isn't the place for you.The restaurant should raise the price of Sunday tasting menu to keep the old quality it used to have.This is as good as it gets for seafood.  I loved this place!!  It's a tiny little hole in the wall but you gotta love that small cozy feel.  I haven't been back in a couple years now (hey, I live outta state) so I don't know if it's changed much.  When I went they had 7 or eight tables, the kitchen was basically in the dining room, and the menu was written on the wall.  Big cool points!
Tiny as it was you could really tell they cared about what they were doing.  On one dish they had a deep fried egg yolk on top of rare tuna.  How you can fry an egg yolk without breaking it is completely beyond me.  But that sort of time and effort is seen in every dish.  The taste of the food is absolutely sublime. Each dish is spot on. Even if you're not a big fish fan you owe it to your self to try little fish!After a half a dozen delicious meals at Little Fish, I felt it was time I expressed how much my husband and I love this restaurant. 
The oysters were fresh and delicious. The Kampachi delicate and melted in your mouth, the Cobia juicy with perfect grill marks on the filets  in a delicate and tasty broth. 
This time we were a party of six with three of us returning after multiple previous visits and the other three well travelled Europeans. Every one of us at the table had a wonderful experience. 
Little Fish continues to stay at the top of our favorite restaurant list in Philadelphia.This place doesn't exactly need another good review, but here it is.  I've been twice, and it is simply some of the tastiest and most flavorful seafood I've ever had.  Every single dish is creative, well presented, and just mouth watering.  Of the six entrees I've tried over two visits, literally every single one has been at least no worse than excellent.  And the best, like last night's Jerk Lobster with hicama salad, are incredible. 
I've been to Bouley, Jean Georges, and Le Bernadin in New York.  The meals there may be more of a production, but it's not any better than what you'll get at Little Fish.  It will be also be twice as expensive.  I can't say enough about this place and the magic the chefs pull of in their little kitchen.  I hope they never change.
If I had to come up with one criticism (and it's hard), it would be that the deserts, while tasty, seem slightly less sophisticated than the rest of the menu.  Everything is still very pleasing.This restaurant turned out to be quite a pleasant surprise. You really have to set aside the fact that it is extremely tiny, and the tables are quite cramped in there. I was hoping for a romantic, intimate evening, but we were right on top of the table beside us -- so much so that the server had to reach over our heads to hand them their dishes or pour them more water. 
With all of that said, the food was absolutely fantastic. The menu is limited (5 each of appetizer, entree, dessert), but with such quality you do not need to trouble yourself with a thousand choices. All of the dishes we ordered were delicious. They were creatively put together, and the flavors melded very well.  
Note for the non-seafood eaters: there are no chicken or vegetarian alternatives here. This restaurant is very appropriately named!Surprisingly expensive for a BYOB seafood venue. Worth the 30 minute ride and money spent? Perhaps not, but the food was delicious nevertheless. I was tempted to give a 3-star for being "A-OK", but after some couple days of thoughts, I remain as "Yay! I'm a fan."
FOOD
Delicious, yummy, scrumptious, savory, fresh. Lots of adjectives to describe the food this cute seafood venue serves! I ordered the striped bass. It was great and served with a delicious gaspacho. However, the restaurant was true to its name - Little Fish. The fish serving was, in fact, little. Slightly disappointed that I, as a hungry, starving college student, scarfed down the poor little piece of fish within a matter of minutes. While my stomach felt slightly fuller after the meal, my wallet felt much much lighter after the check came.
AMBIANCE
Cute venue, loved how small it was. Window seating would've been ideal as the inside corner seemed kind of dark and sad. I loved how the kitchen is open to the restaurant. It made it feel much bigger as a restaurant, and more like home. The location is a bit difficult to access by public transportation, so keep that in mind. Overall a nice place, and oh, I almost forgot, I love the way the check was presented on a handwritten slip of Little Fish paper!
SERVICE
Decent service, nothing outstanding. I felt like our dish came a bit slow. I wish I had told myself it was BYOB over and over again so I didn't forget to grab a bottle. It would've been nice to have a wine paired with the fish!Absolutely the best fish I have ever had! I went there to celebrate graduating medical school with my family and we ordered literally everything on the menu. The dishes ranged from really to good to unbelievably amazing! My absolute favorite was the ceviche. Incredible flavor!! The halibut was also a favorite. Definitely a place I will be hitting up again. I loved the ambience of the place!I almost didn't write this review because I don't want too many people to know about this gem :)
I've been to the Sunday night tasting menu dinners twice, and each time I was absolutely blown away. The food is creative, perfectly cooked, and delicious. Each course was so different from the one before. One might expect that, for the price, they servings would be small but I wasn't even able to finish my meal I was so full. 
Overall, amazing! Probably tied with Fond for my favorite dinner spot in Philly.Not sure what all the hoopla is about. It was OK. Small menu and not everything was available. Waitstaff was excellent. Food was overpriced, but like I said, it was OK. Glad I got it out of my system.I haven't been here but someone (Hoa T) said they were closed. I called and they recommend going to their other site-
http://www.fishphilly.com/
Not sure if the food is the same thoThis place is so cute and serve fresh food.  Love the oysters and the lobster wasn't to crazy about the octopus. I had the black bass it so good and fresh. My bf had the tuna steak which was great too. 
 Have to try this place. And it's BYOB.My husband and I went to Little Fish for dinner Friday night and we both agreed that we wanted to go again soon.  The dishes are really well-balanced, with flavors and acidity.  We loved the hamachi and thought the octopus was really interesting and super delicious.  I didn't love my main dish, the monkfish, because I thought the flavors were kind of boring, but my husband really liked it.  
The dessert selection was not extensive (apple pie or panna cotta).  We got the pie and it was average.  It's such a small place, I understand that they don't have a special pastry chef.  The ambiance was okay, I thought it was a little awkward when people came into the restaurant and waited to be seated, there is no foyer, so they are standing awkwardly in the middle of the restaurant.  Staff was pleasant and service was good.  Overall, it was a great place and good experience.Very small dining area. Open kitchen. Limited menu. Perfect for adventurous eaters that like to share. Staff was great at explaining all menu items. Tried them all. Very good, different flavors. Can't wait to bring out of towners there.We celebrated Valentines at Little Fish and it was perfect. The atmosphere was extremely romantic, despite the crazy couple sitting next to us, and the food matched.
We popped some champagne and started with oysters, which were incredibly fresh and tasty. Then came the octopus appetizer. This was a bit heavy, but definitely tasted great.
For our entrees we shared both the pasta with truffles and lobster and a fish special. The only negative of the dinner was the dessert which just wasn't that great...too many flavors and too many things going on.
Overall, this was the perfect place to spend a special night.Go here. 
I don't know any other way to say it besides demanding that you go here. 
The food is phenomenal. We ordered raw scallops (I highly recommend) steak and fish, and it was all perfect beyond belief. This and Vetri (a place many of us cannot afford) are the two great examples in my life of fine dining that are equivalent to sex. Nothing-apart from 100 dollar dishes at New York's best restaurants-will compare to this perfection. Come. Bring the best bottle of wine you own (or buy one that's at least over 25$) and dine. 
You will never regret Little Fish. You will always leave a little bit more knowledgeable in food, delighted in taste, and just purely more happy than you came.Love the little BYOB spots in Philly.  This Queens Village restaurant is a thumbnail size of a spot with every seat having a view of the kitchen.  But these two guys cooking and their lovely staff made us an outstanding meal.  Having grown up in the burbs of the city of Brotherly Love, I enjoy coming home to discover cute restaurants that have really good food.   
I usually hit my old stand-by of Dimitri's if dining in Queens Village, but I am SO GLAD I switched it up and took the GF here for a little date night.  Little Fish really has a great menu of about 6 options for starters and 6 entrees.  
We split some oysters, Fanny Bay and Tamahawk, one was East Coast and one was West Coast.  The GF loved the West Coast ones and I loved the East Coast ones.  We also got the SCALLOP appy.  This was probably one of the most decadent dishes and yet somehow not over the top.  The scallop was seared then sliced and served over a vanilla parsnip puree with a round of foie gras.  I mean, HEAVEN!  Then our entrees arrived.  I ordered the Coho Salmon over black lentils with hints of smoky bacon and some other delicious item can't recall.  But the best part of the dinner was the Special of the Whole Dungeness Crab.  The crab deserves its own paragraph:
The crab was rubbed in a variety of spices, All Spice, Cumin, Brown Sugar, etc. I am sure the list goes on.  My awesome GF left no sign of crab meat on that crustacean.  I am so glad she shared though.  It was by far and a away one of the most delicious preparations of crab ever yet to be tasted.  It is steep in price at $45 when most of the other entrees run mid to upper $20's, but GET IT, IT IS SO WORTH IT.  It came with some pineapple salad and jalapeno cornbread, but don't waste any of your precious calorie consumption on these items.  Stick with the crab.  
A special thanks to the lovely waitstaff.  They were actually cheering on my GF for ordering the crab.  They mentioned that she did better than the guy at the next table.  HA!  Gotta love that....Definitely a 5 star spot.  Haven't had many experiences where you love every second from the time you walk in until the time you leave.The Sunday night prix fixe has to be the best deal in the city.  Always creative (maybe with the exception of dessert... but only because I'm pretty sure I've had the same exact chocolate torte -- with different accoutrements, but still -- the past three times I've been), always delicious, never a dull moment.  
The five course usually gets you:
Soup
Starter
Salad
Entree
Dessert
Last time we went the entree was a pastrami spiced escolar with pumpernickel croutons and caper mustard sauce that, if anyone at Little Fish is reading this, definitely needs to be on the permanent menu.
Nota bene: as others have mentioned, it is a SMALL place.. so make your reservations in advance.  Possibly because of the size, they seem amenable to table requests.  There's one table in particular that has an awesome view of the kitchen and when we request it they've almost always accommodated us.I've wanted to go here for years and finally made a reservation with my best friends to go. With a hand written menu of 4 apps and 4 entrees, and there were 4 of us, we just ordered the whole menu. I mean, why not?!?? 
The dishes were so beautifully presented, with flowers and colors from fruits and veggies. Each fish was uniquely prepared and perfectly compliment. Our waitresses were so nice and didn't seem to mind our girls night out giggling and fun. With only about 20 other people in the place we wanted to make sure we weren't too loud. No one seemed to mind! 
BYOB, such a bonus. Bring some proseco or white wine. It'll go with everything. 
A charming restaurant with creative preparations of fish, making it the real star. The chefs are magicians there. Stunning meal.