The wife and I recently brunched here.. thats my new verb: brunched.  Little Spoon is nice inside, i didn't get to dine in the yard but it looked nice, especially on a beautiful day.  
The servers were great, attentive and seemed to be having fun- which creates a pleasant experience for everyone. Onto the food.  3 to 3.5 yelps.  The pancakes were kind of flat, I'm into some nice thick pancakes, but weren't bad.  We also got the brisket sandwich, it was very good, well half of it, the other half was literally all fat.  I get that a nice fatty brisket brings great taste, but i woulda liked some meat on the sandwich, i literally ate half a sandwich of fat-- yet id order it again bc like i said- it had some good taste.  Just my bad luck i guess from the carver.  I would give this place another go, i dug the ambiance and they seem to have a few brunch items id like to try.  A-OKThe food was insanely good. Everything we got was full of flavor, fresh and came out hot.  You can really tell they care about the quality of food they put out down to every detail. The decor and vibe of the restaurant of very hip and eclectic. Next time I'm in Philly, I'm definitely going back there.This time I came on a Thursday at 2pm. There were six people already dining, but there was no line. They took my order immediately. I ordered the infamous Monte Cristo, substituted potatoes for the side salad it comes with, and got a side of sausage (I had a long, hectic morning and didn't eat breakfast). 
Everything was tasty, but not particularly life-changing as Zagat prepared me for because the Monte Cristo was on their "10 best sandwiches" list. I suppose it's the best breakfast sandwich I've had in the city thus far, but I don't think it ranks in the top 10 best sandwiches I've had in the city. The cider-braised pork sandwich (I had my first visit) was incredible. 
This is not at the fault of the staff, but three women came in with three small children (ages 3-5). The one kid screamed at the top of his lungs (for real) because the mom gave money to the other kid and not him. The mom didn't tell him to be quiet or anything, and the other mom yelled (angrily) at the other kid for touching her foot or something. The other two kids proceeded to yell at each other and fight. No one said anything, not even the staff asked them to quiet down their kids. Like I'm sorry you can't discipline your kids, but don't bring them to a restaurant to disturb paying customers and then not do anything about it. 
There's still nowhere to put dirty dishes, and they don't come around to take them from you very often, as there was at least one other person's finished food (the plate wasn't empty) sitting around. 
So far the only thing that has been worthwhile is the cider-braised pork sandwich, and I don't think I should continue coming back.Very friendly staff. Great food. Nice location. Got an egg and cheddar cheese sandwich. Very filling considering I didn't order any sides to go with it.Tiny little cafe, but it's definitely worth it at non-peak brunch times! Try the Vietnamese iced coffee, the Monte Cristo, and the French toast.Definitely a neighborhood gem! Besides the adorable Tiffany-blue (:P) exterior it has quite the quaint interior decor as well. But most importantly, the food is excellent here.
The menu has a good selection both from the Savory and the Sweet sections. It's not an overly creative menu but the execution has always been solid. I'm a fan of the shakshuka and the Monte Cristo sandwich and if you have a few people to split dishes with, I highly recommend getting an order of the lemon ricotta pancakes to share among yourselves. Believe me it'll bring you closer together. The coffee/juice option is also great here, extra bonus is that they serve Vietnamese Iced Coffee. Sometimes you just need that extra dose of caffeine. It does look like the menu has evolved (I remember there used to be a duck salad I enjoyed) but a few signature dishes remained. 
There's decent seating space and the place flies under the radar just enough (although I don't know why because IMO it's better than many other places where there are brunch lines every weekend) that the most I've ever had to wait for a table was around 15 minutes. The service is no frills but attentive. I would recommend this to any friend.Such an incredible quint place. It stands at the corner of the street. Their Christmas decorations were minimum but really cute. They have both savory and sweet options for brunch.  I had the brussel sprouts and gouda cheese frittata from the savory section and the apple butter filled French toast with walnuts. 
Although,  the frittata had the consistency of an omelette it was really good. The brussel sprouts were crunchy in the middle and the cheese was melted throughout. Highly recommended,  although it was a special for that day. Hope they put it on their regular menu.
The apple butter stuffed French toast.  Where do I begin? Not sure what I loved the best; the French toast, the Apple butter,  the Apple caramel or the crunchy walnuts? It worked so well, I practically cleaned out my plate and even finished my friend's share. It was different but it worked well. 
PS:  one of the neatest restrooms I have ever used in a restaurant.Such a cute little breakfast/brunch spot in Philly! Went here with my family when visiting my sister at school. We waited a bit maybe about 20-30 minutes on a Sunday morning. We all enjoyed our food! The only thing that was not very good was the fried duck.. very greasy and overcooked. Other than that, it was a great experience and I would definitely return if in the neighborhood again!Excellent coffee. Especially the honey lavender latte! Small inside but cozy. Brunch is good too but not many vegan options if that is a concern for youThis place is so welcoming and cozy. I need to write a review about the Monte Cristo sandwich though, in particular. It is hands-down one of the best brunch sandwiches I've ever had. Like it's Monday and I'm still thinking about it 24 hours later. It comes with a side salad of arugula that has delicious dressing and it somehow compliments the sandwich perfectly! 
Our server was very kind and attentive. I also love how I got a massive cup of coffee in a Charlie Brown mug. I really think this is one of the best places you can eat brunch in Philly.Great little brunch spot that's BYO! I was worried about a wait time for a Sunday morning but when we walked to the door we put our name on the list and she said about 20min ... well it ended up only being about 5-10! It was great. The food was really good too. I got the lemon ricotta pancakes with lemon curd on the side. I definitely recommend it on the side if you are worried it will be too much lemon or too sweet for your taste. It's also a really filling meal. Everyone who worked there was super nice. It is a little loud and cramped inside but it was fine for the amount of time we were there. Definitely would go back sometime soon!As out of towners from Nashville, we were very excited to eat here. Unfortunately, it was not worth the wait. My Belgian waffle was soggy and rubbery, and the waitress forgot to submit our grits and potato order. She also did not check on us even once to see if we needed anything. The carrot cake waffle my husband ordered and my grits were good. Overall not a good experience and would not come back.I love Little Spoon. The staff is super friendly, and the food is delicious. 
Today I tried the new roast beef sandwich they added to the fall menu (Green Meadow Farm beef, house pickles, and horseradish aioli on a "local Philly muffin"). It was awesome. The meat was tender and warm, the horseradish aioli was sweet, and the pickles were good, too (the aioli and pickles didn't overpower the taste of the meat, but complemented it). The "muffin" (not like a breakfast muffin, but more like a soft bagel without the hole in the center) was very soft and had some sort of seasoning that complemented the taste of the sandwich as well. 
On my previous visit, I had the Caesar Salad with chicken. It was amazing and enormous. I couldn't even finish it! The dressing was creamy and just the right amount, and the chicken was tender and plentiful. 
I love it here.I came here this weekend for brunch. I tried something new and ordered the shakshuka. It was spicy but I didn't think it had any authentic flavors. I wouldn't say it represented traditional shaksuka. The eggs were raw (the white was runny and the yolk was too). I asked them to cook it longer which didn't seem to be an issue - the waitress was very nice about it. It came back a few minutes later and still seemed to be runny so I only ate one egg; the one that was slightly more cooked. I also ordered the regular iced coffee which was a very bold flavor and very good. Within one hour of leaving the restaurant I came down with a terrible stomach bug/food poisoning. I can tell you this meal was not worth getting that sick over. 
My Boyfriend ordered the avocado toast with a side salad. It only comes with one slice of bread and one egg. It was good but he left very hungry. He did not get sick though.
This was not my best dining experience at little spoon. I will not be returning for quite some time.Randomly found this place on yelp and then ended up going twice in one weekend.  The lemon ricotta pancakes were delicious, although they could've used some syrup or additional lemon flavoring, but still delicious.  Friend of mine got the scramble special that was also delicious.  Second time I went I got the monte cristo sandwich which was the die for.  They also have actual cold brew coffee and not just hot coffee poured over ice, as well as Vietnamese iced coffee which was also delicious.Amazing food and huge portions of it! Well worth the 35 minute wait. I ordered the Chive Cheddar Pancake and my boyfriend got the Monte Cristo, both of which I highly recommend. Also loved the atmosphere and the touch of funky mugs coffee is served in. Be sure to bring your appetite!Delicious and nutritious! Great little getaway from a busy big city. Small menu with quality options. Definitely put the time into their food and service.This cafe is situated on a quiet corner within walking distance of a townhouse we rented for a couple of days. Parking might be tough to find but it's free all along 15th. 
Without looking ahead at their menu online, I was uncertain if they served breakfast because the only menu hanging up advertised coffee and ice cream. I only knew what they had when I reached the front of the line to see the menu they had on a clipboard. Didn't leave me much time to look it over without holding up the line. Regardless, the food selection was great, lots of choices for different sized appetites.
We had basic dishes of fried potatoes, scrambled eggs and toast. It was delicious! The toast came with a jam that tasted home made, it was incredible.
There was a mix of locals and tourists like us. It was funny to watch the locals sneer at the tourists that came in talking about how cute the place was. 
Definitely worth the walk.I have been following little spoon on Instagram before it opened. I couldn't wait for another restaurant to come to the neighborhood. The restaurant is so cute with all of the recycled/reused antiques. The exposed brick on the wall is cool. I ate the smoked salmon bagel and my fiancé had the breakfast burrito. I really enjoyed the bagel. My fiancé said that if you order the burrito, you should add a meat to it (which he didn't do). This is a really cute restaurant for bunch!Little Spoon have always had a long line, and after being in the city for a little over a year I've finally had the opportunity to try. The price range is not nearly as bad as a lot of the brunch places in center city, you can get something that's a little below the 10 dollar range, and if you're feeling a little more hungry something bigger portioned that's over the 15-16 dollar is also available here! My favorite dish here has to be the lemon ricotta pancakes!!! The lemon ricotta pancakes at Little Spoon is the best lemon ricotta I've ever had!! The pancakes are soooo fluffy and the smell of buttermilk just goes with the lemon ricotta so well, this dish is beautifully made! Some places make the lemon flavor come on too strong that it can be a little too sour, I think little spoon was really delicate in taking care of that part, the aroma of the dish was amazing.Extremely small space and long waits but the food made up for it. My boyfriend, friend, and I stopped in for brunch on a Saturday at 11:30. We had to wait about 45 minutes before getting the table, and were tempted by the Jamaican joint a block down the street, but decided to wait it out for hearty brunch food. Once we were inside we definitely waited awhile to give our order and get our food; service wasn't the best, but they were understandably very busy.
The food was, in one word, satisfying. Unable to decide between sweet or savory, i decided to get both with my friend. We ordered the short rib special, shakshuka, and pumpkin French toast. My personal favorite was the shakshuka. The tomatoey, soupy sauce was hearty and perfectly flavored, perfect on the toasted bread. The pumpkin French toast did not disappoint my sweet tooth, with the fluffy pumpkin toast meshing beautifully with the cream and caramel sauce. My boyfriend got the salmon bagel, which is a good pick if you're looking for something light and fresh. The cucumbers and sauce was refreshing with the thick slices of salmon on a toasted everything bagel. Can't go wrong with a salmon bagel. All in all, Little Spoon Cafe is a great lunch joint, though be prepared to wait if you come for brunch on a weekend.I ordered the BLT with avocado this time. The bacon literally melts in your mouth! My boyfriend had ordered the meatloaf sandwich and loved how juicy and flavorful it was. But I'd prefer to visit for breakfast rather than lunch.I find the service good and the atmosphere quaint but I haven't particularly enjoyed the two lunches I've had from there.This place has become a family favorite; Each time a family member comes to visit, to Little Spoon we go! The chai latte is to die for and the hash is incredible. The adorable decor of this cafe makes you feel at home, at ease, and ready to chow down on some delicious food. The incredibly nice staff makes sure you are happy with your meal and its exactly what you wanted. Worth every penny!This place has really good brunch. I really enjoyed the cheddar pancakes and eggs with hash. I saw everyone eating the burrito, but when my bf got it he had too much potato. Friendly staff. I will come back to try some more things.I came here over the weekend for brunch and unfortunately had less than a stellar experience. 
It all started with the service by the host when we first entered. Not even in the door yet, and the first thing we hear is to shut the door behind us. Then the host proceeds to just ask us for our name and number etc. I stop her to ask how long the wait is. I get a look like I had 10 heads and she says 20 minutes. She told us we were the next table. It was nice out so we decided to wait and walked around the block while we waited for the text that our table was ready. You would think that we would be greeted and told that there was a wait when we entered rather than just asking for our information.
After about 20 minutes, we get a text so we walk in for our table. She tells us we can sit at the counter. Otherwise it would be a little bit longer for a table. We said okay, because we didn't want to wait longer. Upon going to our seats, I notice a couple empty tables and people being seated that arrived after us. I thought we were the next table?? We weren't happy about that.
I ordered the avocado toast. While the "meal" itself was delicious, it is very small and I have to say I left starving. It includes one slice of bread and one egg with a small side salad. Why would a meal that is priced the same as all of the other meals on the menu only have one slice of bread an one egg? It's as if you bought a breakfast sandwich and they forgot half of it. It should have been cheaper or it should have included two slices of bread and eggs. I have never ordered avocado toast before for around $10 and got one slice of bread. Very disappointing!
My girlfriend got the shakshuka. It was good and had a good spice to it, however it left something to be desired. Maybe it is just their spin or take on shakshuka. I have had shakshuka before, and this just kind of reminded me as if you ordered spaghetti and sauce but it didn't come with the pasta. I feel like this would be better as a smaller version as a side to eat with the toasted bread.
With all of the brunch options in Philly, I will probably look elsewhere next time. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars and not less is because our waitress was very nice, and the avocado toast did taste good.I've been waiting for Little Spoon to open, since this is literally in my 1-block neighborhood.  For as much time as I spend at Cambridge and Quick Fixx, I was hoping Little Spoon with also be a slam dunk.  Well, its close!  I really liked it here and I'll be back.
Pros:  
1.  The STAFF are probably the most friendly people ever!  The hostess was very sweet and personable, and really made you feel like home.  Waitresses were great too.
2.  The DECOR is adorable!  Everything is repurposed and old-time looking.  Great interior decoration!
3.  The FOOD was very good.  My favorites were the vegetarian scrapple, cheezy grits, and the lemon compote that came with my ricotta pancakes.  The pesto frittata was also very good.
4.  OUTSIDE patio!  
5.  STAFF, STAFF, STAFF.  They make your visit so friendly I had to list them twice :)
Cons:
1.  Always a WAIT during prime breakfast hours, Sat-Sun you can wait up to 45 mins for a table.  I don't think its worth it to wait that long, when Miles Table is 2 blocks away and has just as good breakfast with no wait.  
2.  My ricotta pancakes were sort of bland, and flat.  I wish they were more fluffy and ricotta-ish, but at least the lemon compote served with it was amazing!  
I'll be back!  I want to try more stuff on the menu. I'm glad to have a new breakfast option in the neighborhood.  And they really do a great job here.I'd say 3.5/5 
The atmosphere is nice here, but space is limited. We were sat by the window on high chairs. A couple was sat right next to us. 4 ppl up against the wall? No thanks. Took forever for our coffee orders to come too. Not sure why....
Food was good though. I ordered the strawberry shortcake pancakes (2 instead of 3). Came out to $7. My friend got the steak and eggs. ($12) 
Overall the food was good. Maybe i hyped this place up in my head or maybe its the fact that ive been to sooo many diff brunch spots in Philly now its just had to compete. I wont give up on you little spoon dont worry ill be back.They have enough breakfast options, especially on brunch weekends, to cover all the basics (meats, potatoes, eggs, oatmeal, pancakes) and then some (especially nice touch on the available, . Prices are reasonable, seating is good (busy during the obvious times), service is good, and the food is good. Can't go wrong.Never going back.  The lady greeter this morning, having no one waiting for a table, made us stand outside in the snow (its 21 outside) and refused to allow my wife to stand inside with our 2 month old granddaughter. She kept insisting she is not allowed to have anyone stand inside, yet allowed 2 ladies with a child , who arrived right behind us stand inside and sat them before us.Had a lovely brunch here after the Philadelphia half marathon on Saturday. We called ahead and the table was ready within 20 minutes of us arriving. We started with the cheddar chive pancakes which I highly recommend. I preferred to have them as a starter, but with the dynamic flavor, I could've easily had all three for an entree. The reuben hash blew me away and I would definitely order it again. 
Also can't go wrong with BYO champagne, but plan ahead because the closest liquor store is about 8 blocks away.Little Spoon is by far the best breakfast/brunch spot in this neighborhood. 
I have been in 5 or 6 times since it opened about a year and a half ago and have never been disappointed. 
Their menu is eclectic and always offers interesting, fun choices. But they have the standards too: eggs, pancakes, breakfast sandwiches. Also big points: lunch items are availabe during breakfast hours!
And their coffee- Philly Fair Trade Roasters- is amazing.I really want to like this place but the food is awful.  Well decorated atmosphere but the two times I've been there I've left disappointed after experiencing poor service.  People are standing and waiting on a table I'd readily give them but I had to wait 20 minutes just to get my check so I could leave.  French toast or pancakes shouldn't taste like bacon unless there are bacon bits inside.  Lemon ricotta pancakes have an odd almost cleaner like after taste.  I'm extremely disappointed in the service and food quality.  I'll never go back and recommend you don't go at all.This is really good. Great place to enjoy a nice brunch in a beautiful Saturday morning. Service is good. And the food is unbelievable!!(To the tune of "Closer" by The Chainsmokers feat. Halsey)
Hey.
I was feeling real faint before I got here
Hangry for some brunch, could eat a whole deer
But it's okay.
Hey, you can tell this line to hit the road, Jack
And prepare the pancakes for an attack
So whack.
I'm tryna break my fast
Get real full and hope it lasts
Hand me a fork and knife
This reuben hash will give me life
And I, I, I, I, I can't stop
No, I, I, I, I, I won't stop
So, y'all let's head to South Street
Fill up on some carbs and some meat
That I know you wanna consume
'til your belly has no more room
Pour that syrup on that French Toast
Don't you dare forget the bacon
Sure, the wait might take a while
But it's good stuff that they're makin'
(Yeah it's good eats that they're makin'
Some real good eats that they're makin'!)
Oh, Little Spoon. You make me wanna pull you closer, for sure. And push everyone else further away. This place suffers from a plight that most of the best brekki/brunch spots in the city deal with: the lines! I frequently get lucky enough to nab a spot at the bar, but that's always with a party of two. I don't know if I'd brave this spot with any more, but I have a low tolerance for a wait when it's breakfast time.
That said, once you're seated, the options of what to eat are TERRIFIC! my savory favorites  (savorites?) include the Reuben Hash and their rotating scramble has knocked it out of the park on occasion, while their sweet treats... well, tough to go wrong with pancakes and stuffed French toast! 
I will say that, while I don't drink coffee, my fellow diners often comment on the java being tasty. 
The service has been... Inconsistent? Sometimes, they move like a well-oiled machine. Other times, I find myself waiting with an empty glass or wondering if there's a rhyme or reason to why the patrons next to me got 4 dishes before we got ours, despite ordering sooner and similar dishes. But hey, I don't work here, and they always bring the good stuff, so I can't complain too much. 
It's cozy, but I appreciate the tight squeeze on a cold day when you've been waiting outside for a while. I always come back, despite the lines, for the tastiness and the charm.Awesome little spot!
Friendly staff, good coffee and you must try the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes. 
Again, awesome!I've been here a couple of times and the food is always so delicious. I tend to get the same thing when I find something I like. At Little Spoon, that's the veggie hash. Sooo tasty and flavorful. Check out the daily specials. There are usually equally options there as well. Free refills on coffee make this the perfect space for getting a great meal, some work done...or just catching up with friends. 
I've only ever been on a weekday when orders are placed at the counter but food brought to your table. Apparently it's a lot more lively for weekend brunch (to be expected) with table seating and service. They also have a more extensive brunch menu. Would love to try again on a weekend.
This is also a lovely space. Would be great to rent out for a celebration!I just stopped in for a cup of coffee this morning and sat on their lovely back patio area to enjoy the nice day. The atmosphere was very great, the menu looked delicious, and the staff was upbeat and very pleasant. I most certainly see myself becoming a regular patron of this place. Everyone should check it out!Nice decor (think Fixer Upper), though the seats weren't that comfortable (the bench's cushion wasn't fixed so was sliding off the edge, making it difficult to maneuver).
The wait was long, and it was cold, but at least the staff was perfectly polite answering status update queries.
Food-wise, I was disappointed that everything was under seasoned. At least it was nice and hot! If I return, I'll try the Mexican hot chocolate, but unless another wants to go, there're other spots I'd likely choose.I opted for the Lox bagel, which was a bit messy, but delicious. My significant other had the Breakfast burrito, which he ate so quickly I'm not sure he even got to taste it. We ordered over the phone for pick-up on a busy Sunday morning. The food was ready when we arrived just 10 minutes later. So happy to have found this gem so close to home.We were in town for the weekend and wanted something close by for breakfast. Saw how close this place was so I walked down to grab breakfast and coffee. It was getting busy as I got there (9 AM), but the staff was very helpful and friendly. I ordered a burrito for me, and an omelette for my wife. Both were excellent and the burrito was huge. Couldn't even finish it. For coffees, we got a mocha and an americano. The coffee is good, but it won't set the world on fire. You're also not going here for the coffee, you're going for the food. And you won't be disappointed. An extra plus is their musical taste.After hearing about how great this place is since it opened, I decided to give it a shot for a Sunday morning brunch with a friend. WILDLY disappointing. 
I ordered the avocado toast and an iced coffee. My friend got the blueberry oatmeal. The avocado toast came out on a small piece of non-toasted white bread, which did not taste v fresh. The amount of avocado they gave me was minimal and parts of it had hard bits of unripe avocado chunks--AND the black top from avocado was mixed in there....not good. Additionally, the egg came out cold and extremely hard (I asked for it over easy, for the runny yoke of course). 
As soon as it came out, I saw how small the serving was and immediately ordered tempeh bacon. That at least came out served hot, but it just okay. Really lacking flavor.
Two stars for our server, who was very friendly and checked in on us multiple times throughout our meal.
Will I come back? Probably not. Too many other good brunch places around that area (Miles Table!!) and in the city.I had been looking for lemon pancakes for a while in Philly and now I found the Lemon Ricotta pancakes her at Little Spoon Cafe.  They are lemony, moist, soft as butter and delicious!   The service is fast, friendly, efficient and pleasant.  It is a very charming setting.  I will definitely go back.Such a cute place! We saw how much effort the owners put in last summer and couldn't wait to try it. We just got coffee this time, but my latte was delicious. You can tell they are still working out some kinks (many things were sold out), but everything looked great.Searched all of yelp for the right breakfast spot since I'm from out of town. Needed to be perfect, as I am only in Philly one day. Little Spoon Cafe was EXACTLY what I was looking for. Great food. Great vibes. 
The pancake was alriiiight. Nothing too notable. 
The house made sausage though?!?! Amazing.This is a brand new place as of early October 2014. It's charming, bright, and has great service and coffee-a terrific addition to an increasingly neighborly area of the city. 
Definitely worth a visit to eat or just hang out with coffee. Lots of outlets on the wall, wifi, and a pleasant open space with lots of natural light make this little coffee shop a great place to work, too. 
Highly recommended.Loved having brunch here! Came here a month ago with my boyfriend. Him and I shared the steak and eggs and strawberry shortcake pancakes. The pancakes were flavorful and fulfilled my pancakes craving. It was a nice blend of strawberries and sugar and not too sweet. Their steak and eggs is a nice twist since it's a braised short rib and not an actual piece of steak. We loved the dish but our only suggestion would be to add an extra egg. There was a lot of short rib and the sunny egg went well with it. However, the egg was quickly devoured since it was so small compared to how much short rib was on the plate. Service was great and the interior is cute. Will definitely be coming back when we're in the south street area.Super great experience! Highly suggest the lemon ricotta pancakes and the biscuits and gravy. The atmosphere was bright and friendly. BYOB.The wait is a little long but the food goes above and beyond making up for it. Everything was absolutely delicious!!Came here today for brunch. Although it was pretty packed, we were seated fairly quickly at a counter against the window. This was not the most ideal seating arrangement , as me and my party of 4 had to yell across the counter to hear each other and we were right next to the outside door so we had to keep our jackets on because it was so cold. Despite this inconvenience, I had an otherwise pleasant experience at the restaurant. Our waiter was super nice and attentive. I ordered the breakfast burrito and a side of home fries. The burrito was very filling. It had black beans, potatoes, eggs and sausage. Really good! Overall, positive experience here.This place is adorable. Its teeny tiny but they are quick, friendly and the food rocks. I got the Breakfast burrito and my boyfriend got the Monte Cristo. They were both AMAZING! I also got a Vanilla Chai Tea Latte that blew me away, so so good!
Loved it, we'll be back!!The wait was not long at all, service is prompt and everyone is so friendly. I got the Cheddar Chive pancakes and my boyfriend got the biscuits and gravy. I can honestly say this is one of my favorite meals out EVER!! The pancakes are a must. I will be coming back, and bringing all of my friends with me!!Nice cozy place. Tried the Monte Cristo sandwich which comes with ham, gouda, fried eggs and jalapeño mayo. Very interesting flavors!I recently went to this cafe for the first time and I was very disappointed. 
We waited a half hour to be seated and eventually were offered seats in the back. The outside seating area could use some tidying up. No one wants to go to a restaurants and see a broom, cleaning supplies and some random crap as part of the decor. Build a shed and hide your junk. 
The service was mediocre. It was warm outside and our water glasses  were never refilled. After such a wait I expected the food to be good but nope. My breakfast burrito was flavored less and my husbands fried eggs sandwich was served on a French toast. Trust me that combo was not good.  I don't get the positive reviews on here... I really wanted to like this place but there are so many other better restaurants options in the city. The best thing I had there was their homemade salsa which was served with my burrito... Too bad!First time here. We got up late this Saturday and didn't want to wait in line at any of the more popular, established brunch places. We live in the area and decided to try it out. I got the lemon ricotta pancakes and hubby ordered biscuits & gravy. Pancakes were more doughy than fluffy and needed more lemon flavor. Hubby's dish was bland. If you like Hawthorns then you'll like Little Spoon. Service and decor are good.  If we get up late again we'll opt for So Crepe instead.This adorable little eatery is a consistent can't fail.  Their food is fresh, the specials are interesting (and anywhere else I never order off the special menu), the space is homey, and the outdoor patio is great for a nice day.  They're veggie friendly too if that's your thing.Never knew this place existed. Found it one weekend while galavanting w my husband. Sat outside in their little courtyard area. It was super cozy. I got the BLT w house cured bacon. The bread was what dreams are made of. My hubs had the burrito which was huge and very good. We will be back (w booze next time).You yelp elite people are jerks.  3 stars? Really? I had no idea that being on Yelp made you an industry person and allowed you to understand the complexities of running a restaurant. Stop taking pictures of your f'ing food, and eat it.
5 stars because this spot is the jam.  It's beautiful, the food is great, the owners are literally some of the best people in the world (hyperbole be damned) and damnit, COULD THIS LOCATION BE ANY BETTER? No. I think not.
Excuse me, I need to go eat something. Something delicious, from Little Spoon's kitchen.The problem with this place is the wait staff, who are inattentive and subpar.  They never checked on us to see how our food was (my sandwich was missing the avocado I ordered with it).  I had to get up multiple times to ask for more coffee, syrup, and for a pen to sign the credit card bill.  The dirty dishes also were not picked up from our table and we had to pile them up on the empty table next to ours.  If they fire some of the staff and replace it with happy, helpful people I would give it 4 stars because the place has cute decor and the food is pretty good.  The wait staff really takes away from the experience.I came here for brunch with a friend on Saturday morning. I got the breakfast burrito with an extra egg and avocado and it was massive, delicious and super filling. My friend got the cheddar chive pancakes which are difficult to describe. In short, it's scrumptious, cooked perfectly and 10 times better than it even sounds. Let's just say I'm going to definitely order those next time. We also got the Bloody Mary pitcher. The bloody Mary's are good but not the best in the city. You need to bring your own vodka. It's served with a pickle which I think could be fresher. The servers are so friendly. The restaurant is small so I recommend arriving early.Wonderful little place with a cool atmosphere, creative dishes, and filled-to-the-brim plates. So good we ate there twice during our recent visit to the city.Fantastic meal! This place is great - the vibe is comfortable and welcoming.  The options are good.  And the food - GREAT!  We went for breakfast and had an egg sandwich, a BLT, oatmeal, omelet, pancakes and a pesto tomato sandwich.  Everyone was very happy!  Would definitely go back.Cute little place to grab a quick bite to eat in a chill atmosphere.  You order and pay for your food at the counter, but people will come around and refill your coffee mug for free. The mugs are perhaps my favorite part about this place, as they are quirky and many boast funny sayings.
Their specials change daily, but on the day I went, I settled for a Lox bagel, which was delicious and filling.  My friend had the BLT, which can also be made vegan (and so can many of their dishes).  
I can't wait to come back here and try their other options, especially the cheddar pancakes, which have me intrigued.Great little spot! The bacon is awesome! Everyone will enjoy the cheddar chive pancakes! I also got the salmon sandwich which was great just a little too fishy for some people! Also must have is the aztec hot chocolate! More cocoa than sweet and a bit of a kick! The staff is super friendly!Last 2 times I've been here, had a bizarre experience with seating/waiting. First time I was by myself and wanted to sit at the bar-- the bar was wide open but they weren't seating anyone because "the kitchen was backed up" so I was told I had to wait 30 minutes... Very odd. Second time I came with a friend and they asked for my number but never actually called me to let me know my table was available... Luckily we had already walked down the street to Miles Table and were enjoying noms there anywaySo I love this place. Service is great, decor is cute, and the food...oh my goodness. Whether you choose sweet or savory, each is just YUM!  And it's a BYOB to boot.
I took away a star because the place is small but they don't take reservations. That can mean a very long wait...worth it, but annoying nonetheless.As a millennial, I love brunch and it's ingrained in my lifestyle. It's standard issue. I went to Little Spoon with a couple of friends and thoroughly-enjoyed my time there. 
I ordered two scrambled eggs with cheese and two chocolate pancakes. First - the eggs tasted amazing. Perfecto! Second - the chocolate pancakes were fresh and fluffy. Amazing! Third - GET THE ROASTED POTATOES. I know, they're potatoes but it was very good. 
Do yourself a favor and visit Little Spoon!Awesome little lunch spot - probably great for breakfast too. Chicken salad was OK ( little dry and bland) but that pork Sandwich was phenomenal and will  have me coming back .I went here for a late breakfast once (around closing time) and they were not only well-mannered about my arrival, they were accommodating with making some changes I needed to with what I ordered. I had a coffee, the blueberry oatmeal, and a side of eggs. I loved the cushions they had on the chairs, it really made it feel like grandma's place. I am excited to go back.I'm visiting from LA and was looking for a good brunch spot and this place was so good. I wish I got the name of the girl who helped us because she was awesome. It's a small cute, place but they try to accommodate groups by putting tables together. Our group got a a couple breakfast burritos and a egg and cheese sandwich, all of which were so delicious. We also got a chocolate chip pancake that just melts in your mouth. I love that it's BYO Too! I would definitely recommend this place.Little Spoon gets 3.5 stars, and I'm rounding up because they're new in town. I am a total sucker for brunch, and I was so excited to try this place out this morning. After seeing pictures online of the adorable decor, it did not disappoint. It seems like the back patio is a really nice spot, so it's a bummer it's already so chilly. The weather is also a bummer when you're waiting for a table because there is little to no space to wait inside. We braved sitting outside in the cold for about 15 minutes today, although it seemed that many people left in that time, deterred by the wait time / standing outside.  
I got a vanilla latte that was a bit too sweet, but still made really well. If I am being really picky, I wish they had some house-made flavor syrups. My boyfriend and I split the breakfast burrito with sausage and the scramble of the day, which had squash, ricotta, pepitas, and pesto. We also got a side of the vegan scrapple just because, well, who else serves vegan scrapple? Our server was extremely prompt and the food came out quickly. However, as others have mentioned, the portions are definitely small, the breakfast burrito much more so than the scramble. I feel like it should have come with potatoes or a side salad or something because I ate my half in about 4 bites. The bread that came with the scramble however, was really tasty, as was the jam. Unfortunately, the potatoes were pretty bland. Looking around, it seemed that most tables got 2 main dishes and split a third, like the fries. We had tried to order a baked good to start, but despite their advertisement, the baked goods were lacking. They had cookies, brownies, and tarts, but no scones, muffins, etc, so we ended up without anything. 
The food was definitely well made and the staff was friendly and attentive. I wish the portions were a bit more substantial, but I'll probably be back to try it again!Came here for a brunch run - literally, after running four miles starting from Penn's campus. I was super excited to try the food, especially because the cafe provides for a casual yet cool environment to study or hang with friends. My friend opted for the Monte Cristo, while I wanted to try their Reuben sandwich (sub multigrain for artisan bread). Overall want to give a huge shoutout to the restaurant staff! I didn't realize that my meal came with Havarti, so I hadn't asked the waitress to hold off on the cheese. Luckily, she was nice enough to bring my sandwich back to the kitchen for another one. The sandwich itself was pretty good, although the only criticism I have is that it was pretty greasy and messy to eat. My friend also said she liked the Monte Cristo, but she did mention that her portion was a little bigger than she expected.
Would like to come a second time to try their healthier menu options.Cool little Sunday brunch place. The food was fresh and a nice relaxed vibe  the scramble special was deliciousThe little spoon has a garden/vintage like decor which I thought was pretty unique
We stopped here for lunch on a Tuesday. I had the roasted turkey sandwich with cherry jam, with a side salad, very fresh and delicious. My sister had the braised pork sandwich, she said it was good however the greens on it seemed like they had dirt as in not washed well. They should make sure to wash the greens before serving. 
Other than that, the service was friendly and the dessert options looked good too, we got the pistachio pastry.Little Spoon Cafe was a little confusing to me - is it a working cafe or is it a cafe for eating? At this point, it seems like it caters to both, but I think I'd rather come here to catch up with some friends over food vs sitting here to work next time!
I came here around 9am on a Friday morning, and the place was bustling with people. I got the blueberry steel cut oatmeal and an iced Americano. Both were just okay, to be honest, but  it looked like the other breakfast items looked scrumptious!
Service was decent and quick - everyone around me seemed to get their food in a timely manner even though the kitchen seemed busy. The cafe is quite cute, and the cashiers seemed to know many people coming in through the door. Seating is limited, and it can get pretty loud, but I would give this cafe another try next time I am in the area!Finally had a chance to check out this gem while getting brunch with a friend! Rather than table service, you order at the counter and they bring the food out to you, so it's nice and casual. The interior is spacious with lots of light, and has super cute and homey decor. Minus one star for my sub-par shakshuka, but my friend's lemon ricotta pancakes were delicious! (I actually prefer them over Cafe Lift's). Def worth a visit!Went here today for the first time. Charming place,service was great, food was delicious. Definitely will he going back. Maybe today. Great addition to the neighborhood.Fresh, friendly, and delicious!  Good variety for a smaller cafe - from simple to more unique flavors and specials.  Sure there's often a wait, but it's not out of line with all other top brunch spots in Philly.Amazing brunch, but pretty small inside and so the wait is long - but have patience, walk around south street and you'll see why the wait is worth it! The atmosphere is very homey and the service is great. One huge perk is the pitchers of orange juice/bloody mary mix if you BYO - definitely don't skip this! There are so many great food options, in particular the cheddar chive pancakes and hash are incredible. The pancakes are a perfect blend of sweet and savory - I'd recommend it to anyone who loves pancakes but gets sick of the sweetness. The oatmeal is a huge portion for less than $5 as well. The bread is high quality and the jam on the side is incredible. The portions are all very generous and not overpriced. This has definitely made it to my top brunch places in Philly and I'll be back to try more of the menu!I like this place a lot.  First of all it's a BYO and they have a slamming bloody mix...it's thick and spicy.  I would recommend the Parmesan fries ( just have them cook them longer because they do seem a little undercooked) they are awesome.  I also recommend their breakfast burrito.  They use a healthy amount of cheese in it which you know most restaurants cheap out on.  I would say Little Spoon has the second best breakfast burrito in Philly with Cafe Lift being #1.  I also think they have great customer service.  The waitstaff has always been excellent and there is this little chick with short hair who is always wiping tables, running after people who leave their keys behind, filling napkins, filling my bloody etc.  I'm not sure if she is a manager or what but she is always chipper and friendly.  Keep up the good work little lady!I had been wanting to try Little Spoon for a while, but whenever I walked past it there was a long wait. So today when I saw an empty table, my boyfriend and I took the opportunity. 
I got a latte and the lemon ricotta pancakes. My latte was the perfect amount of bitterness and served at just the right temperature. The pancakes are HUGE. I couldn't even finish half. They are very sweet and lemony. 
My boyfriend got Earl Grey tea, the Monte Cristo, and a side of potatoes. All were delicious. 
I liked the atmosphere - an eclectic crowd. The staff was friendly. My only criticism is that it is small and crowded, so it is extremely noisy and difficult to have a conversation. Because of that, I would only come back again on a weekday - I'm assuming  there would be fewer people  (we went on a Sunday afternoon).2nd day open so I expected a few bumps. I like the atmosphere. I wanted something hot to drink but nothing was on the menu. After I ordered and sat down I noticed the fancy coffee machine but I wanted hot chocolate or hot tea. I got the cheese and chive pancakes. 3 big pancakes are a bit much, 2 with more cheese would be better. I was confused as to if I return my dish somewhere, I didn't see anywhere but I got the feeling I was supposed to. I was not about to stand in line to ask. I had food left and would have liked a to go box but, no mater how much I looked at the people behind the counter, no body asked how I was doing. Eating alone, I don't walk a way from my food nor am I walking around with a plate of 1/2 eaten food. I poked at it some more and walked out. I do plan on trying again soon to see if the kinks have been worked out.Living in South Philly, I always ran past this cute little cafe but never gave it a shot. Let me tell you, go inside. 
My friend asked me to brunch and I was first told it was going to be a 30 minute wait. First off, it was an hour after we waited, but it was worth it. 
First of all the staff was incredible. Super attentive. It's BYOB so the waitress was nice enough to tell us exactly how much OJ and Bellini mix to order for our group. The Bellini mix was delicious! I haven't been to a brunch place that makes their own Bellini mix in a while, so it was a nice change compared to the usual Bloody Mary and mimosa deals. We hung around and drank after our meals, and they were totally fine with us sticking around: 
Food was amazing. I split the Monte Cristo sandwich and Breakfast Burrito with my friend. The Burrito was good, but is just the burrito, no side. Put some hot sauce and sour cream and you can't go wrong. However: the Monte Crisco sandwich is well worth every bite. If you can't decide what to get, get it. Order with their side of potatoes. 
Atmosphere and service was great! Plus awesome taste in music may I add. If you want a cute, home-y place for Brunch, not too crowded or loud, this is your spot. Plus- your stomach will thank you too!Just went here for brunch after the Philadelphia 1/2 marathon! It was honestly perfect! My sisters apartment is a block away so we stopped by put our name in (the wait was 2 hours) then went home to shower and hang out.. yes, 2 hours seems like a long time to wait but the convenience made it worth it! Once it was our time, I got a text asking us if we still wanted the table, obviously the answer was yes :) we headed down to Little Spoon and our table was ready! It is very reasonable priced and BYOB! I highly recommend the blueberry pancakes! 
Also, FYI they do pitchers of orange juice so bring your own champagne!
I will definitely be back!We walked by this place several times while it was under construction, and we were so happy when it finally opened. We've been here about four times now including a late lunch this afternoon. 
My 4-year old and I walked in, chose our meals, paid, and found our "regular" seat (on weekends though, a host seats you). Although we were pushing dinner, we both opted for breakfast dishes (isn't brunch the best meal?). My son's oohed and ahhhed when his pancakes were delivered full of gooey chocolate chips and accompanied by maple syrup (perhaps not as much as a preschooler wants, but as much as a parent will be happy with), whipped cream, and butter. I ordered the scramble of the day, which I loved, and it came with delicious sourdough toast and mediocre home fries (the only let down). 
The ambiance is adorable. I love the brick wall dotted with flowers, the antique oven repurposed as a milk-cream-sugar station for coffee drinkers, and my son loves the mason jars water glasses (he's started drinking from jars at home). The staff has always been friendly. Most importantly, it's laid back atmosphere always seems kid-friendly despite the fact that we tend to be the only family whenever we dine there. No doubt we'll be back!Wow what a wonderful neighborhood breakfast place.  Much better and quieter than the Green Egg (which we ate at yesterday; it's good but we think this place is better).  Quant and cozy, the food is delicious without being pretentious.  Simple items are available (eggs and toast) if that's all you want, but they also have a few interesting omelets if you want something more complex and tasty.  
I had the Shakshuka and thought it as good as any I had in Israel.  Wife had the eggs and hash; mixed with kale, sweet potatoe, onion, chives and sausage.  Wow. What a combo.  Coffee is also good; they don't come around with a pot so just go up to the counter.  
It's not film table service.  Order at the counter and they bring to food to you.  Funky decor on a corner with two windows viewing the neighborhood. Small place with 10 tables and 8 counter seats.  Very casual and relaxing. Not ideal for kids.Went there on a whim because we were  in the area. They close the kitchen at five so we just made it. We were the last customers in the cafe. I am a vegetarian, the TLT tempeh, lettuce and tomatoe was great. My daughter had the breakfast burrito and her husband had a Monte Carlo.  The price is very fair too. Mine was $8 and had a pickle. They serve Ben Franklin ice cream too. I'd definitely would go there again.Terrific spot for breakfast, brunch or a caffeine fix! I've had the duck confit salad, cheddar chive pancakes and the monte cristo sandwich...all tasted amazing and with fresh ingredients. The service here is good as well. I can't wait to go back and try something new :)Visited Philly for the weekend - pretty good breakfast spot, really enjoyed the blueberry pancakes. Good coffee too.Horrible service and mediocre food! I just got back from attempting to have a nice Saturday breakfast which turned into a frustrating and unsatisfying lunch. We were a group of 3 and sat for over an hour waiting for our food. No one came to tell us that it would take a million years to get food until we were visibly upset. Then after the wait my food came out wrong.  I had ordered a BLT with avocado and a well done egg. The egg came out runny and the bread was not toasted and so soft it tasted like dough. I ordered a latte which never came but at that point there was no way I was going to ask for it again. The waitress was very nice and the only decent part of the experience. She did take off 15% from the bill but after being there for an hour and half and wrong orders it should have been a by more in my opinion. We did give 20% tip because the waitress did work hard and was very nice. 
Never going back.I loved the ambience and the menu was satisfyingly diverse. It's a great place to go for brunch or get coffee. I give it a 4 because there could be an extra umph to make it a 5 for me, as nothing stuck out as something extraordinary. Yet overall, I am pleased.Really pleasant Saturday am place:  great coffee and fresh squeezed OJ;  yummy Monte Cristo sandwich and a delicious ginormous Duck Confit salad with poached egg, Apple and Gorgonzola.   I'd come back in a heartbeat!Cute little place with decent food, but the staff was rude.  There are many other cute little cafes in the city with even better food and much friendlier staff to which I would gladly give my business.I went here with a friend for brunch over the weekend and I would definitely recommend those looking for a cute Brunch spot to check out Little Spoon! We had to wait ~20min but it wasn't an issue since they use the texting wait system (you can walk away and they'll text you when a table is almost ready) so we were able to explore south street a bit while waiting. Once seated, our waitress came over quickly and we both ordered cold brews which were delicious! We decided to go savory with our orders (they have savory and sweet options) and we're pretty hungry when we ordered. Excited for our meals, we found ourselves waiting awhile, and the excitement soon turned to impatience. However, when we looked into the kitchen it was clear everyone was hustling- I assume they were just super busy with orders. After 25min of waiting, our meals finally came and we were delighted - they looked delicious. I had the cheese and choice pancakes, which were great, until I took a bite of pancake mix/flour! Some of the pancakes were fully mixed and a few inner parts were still powdery. I was disappointed but are around the chunks, as the rest of the pancake was delicious! There were a few bumps in this visit to Little spoon but I would go back again without hesitation. The staff is delightful all around and even with the hiccups, I still enjoyed my meal- however, I'll be avoiding the pancakes next time and trying something else off the menu.So the way it works during the week is you order at the counter, and they bring it out to you. There is a chalkboard menu above the counter that only includes beverages and Franklin Fountain ice cream, though the flavors rotate, and it doesn't list them. The food menus are on clip boards in a metal basket and on the counter where you order. The food should be 5 stars, but I deducted one because the women behind the counter ignored me for a couple minutes (to talk about going to the one's boyfriend's house or something) before taking my order. 
I had the cider-braised pork sandwich (pork shoulder, smoked gouda, and braised greens on ciabatta). It was delicious and rivaled that of Paesano's and John's. The meat was juicy and flavorful, and it was pretty big for being less than $10. 
Though I asked for water, and they give it to you in a small mason jar mug. I drink a lot of water (especially during this heat wave we're getting), and they don't come around refilling it or asking if you'd like more. There doesn't seem to be anywhere to put your plates when you're done, and they don't come around very often taking them away. Reminder this is my experience on a weekday, and I don't know if they're more attentive on the weekends. 
The food was great, the service was okay, and I'll be back.The omelette was excellent!!!! Fresh mushrooms and tomatoes were amazeballs. -1 star because my chair felt like sitting on one of those metal benches waiting for the subway. This place also sells Franklin Fountain ice cream tho so I gave the star back.I came here for Sunday brunch, around 1pm. The area around is quiet, located a block away from the South Street Station on the BSL. Walking in, I immediately felt like I was in a little-known Philly secret. The decor has a very homey, garden vibe that's comfortable and inviting. I waited for about 10 minutes before being seated, which was quite surprising considering how packed the cafe was at the time. When it came to ordering, I got the Monte Cristo sandwich, along with an iced tea, which came in a mason jar (always a plus in my book). The sandwich was delicious, but felt a little too rich for my taste. However, it's definitely worth a try if you want to try their signature dish. 
I'll definitely be back another day. It's no wonder this place is so successful.You will lick your plate clean. My new favorite breakfast/brunch place in Philly! Food was amazing and staff and service were fantastic. Everything we ordered came out quickly, as described, and was delicious. Ill definitely be back.Food is a 5, but service was disappointing, so it'll average out to a 3.
For food, I ordered the Monte Cristo Sandwich, which was decadent and delicious. I also got to sample the Breakfast Burrito, which was also tasty.
Service...sigh. I called ahead to get on the waitlist and was told it would be 15 minutes. 15 minutes, later we arrived and were told it would be another 15 minutes. After that time, I checked in and was told it would be another 15 minutes...even though there were multiple tables that were open and no one had been seated for a while. Requested water refills took 20 minutes to come through. We also had to actively flag down a waitress to request our check and then ended up walking our check up to the register because no one came to collect it. I really hope the service gets better because I would love to make LSC part of my regular brunch rotation.Visited: 02.27.2016
Loved this place! Menu has wonderful breakfast/lunch selections that you can't really order wrong! I ordered the BLT with the avocado and egg = yummy!! Loved it!! Delicious!! I went with three other people and they ordered: Monte Cristo, Blueberry pancake, and Frittata and they all loved their food!!
In regards to beverages, I wasn't a fan of the mixed berry smoothie because of the yogurt and honey. I felt they overpowered the mixed berry. The latte, cappuccino and orange juice were delicious as well!!
Highly recommend this quaint spot!!Pathetic service, the asian hostess was pretty rude.walked out without getting in line without getting in line. 9.2.17Came here with 2 other friends at about 11am on Sunday. We got a to-go order and it was ready within 20 minutes. Which was a little longer than expected. We each got iced coffee that was strong and not bitter. I got the bacon sandwich--very spicy and flavorful the pickle on the side was a nice palate cleanser. It was very heavy. Would have liked to have some spinach or avocado on it. But otherwise yummy. My other friend got the avocado toast which came with a nice little salad too. She said it was good.
It was a little disorganized when we asked if we could get take-out but it seemed like a bunch of regulars did that too.
Very cute place and delicious food. Overall a good experience.They had a tough opening.  Seems like they need a strong front of the house manager to get it right.  Short sighted with their customer service.  Openings are tough but they should have held at the door to give the kitchen and servers a chance. Also I saw some really poor experiences be met with "sorry" instead of comps.  Nice people and good food, I hope they get it right.Pretty standard hip brunch joint. Everything is well-done, but nothing stands out. The decor is inviting, the tables are a little snug. The service is good. The wife had pancakes, which were nothing special. I had the Monte Cristo, which imho, should be completely deep fried and come with jam, as opposed to the two french toasts sandwiching a ton of ham and cheese they have going on.I just went in for a brunch yesterday with some friends and had an amazing experience. Little Spoon is an extraordinary find! It's a smaller BYO venue with an enthusiastic staff. We arrived at prime brunch time and had to wait about 45 minutes. They are in the 21st century with their technology and use a text system to notify you when they are ready for you.
I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy with sunny side egg and a side of potatoes for about $11 in total. The gravy was perfect! A thick enough consistency, but not too thick. And the ham in it is a great addition!  
My friend ordered the cheddar chive pancakes as recommend by our server. I'm so glad I got to share! A great buttery pancake with just the right balance of cheese and chive. Totally worth it!
I'm very much looking forward to returning!This is an adorable and great appreciated addition to the neighborhood!  I was there when it was a different restaurant and I love what they have done with the decor.  The menu and specials had a great variety of delicious and healthy options.  I ended up getting a frittata special but we also ordered lemon pancakes on the side (just a healthy kind of breakfast) and they were amazing.  This is really everything you want in a breakfast/brunch place (except for mimosas!).I heard great things about Little Spoon, but I didn't think there was anything particularly special or unique about my breakfast experience. I also thought it was a tad expensive for what I ordered. I look forward to trying to again to see where I may have gone wrong!Old school country kitchen vibes putting out locally sourced foods.
Go with a friend or two so you can order a "table sweet".none of us ever want to commit to a full plate of sweets, but when tempted with the tangy lemon and airy ricotta stack of heaven, we know we are ordering one to share.
I'm a sucker for anything with eggs over easy and a braised beef is sorts, while my friend almost always opts for their chicken salad topped salad. Large pieces of white meat chicken seasoned to perfection and not doused in mayo sit above a bed of spring mix and seasonal crudités. It's healthy, it's filling and you can easily make two meals out of it if you manage to snag a pull pancake off the shared plate.
Always a wait for brunch, but well worth it once your inside. Friendly staff, kitschy home decor and great food make this a must stop for brunch.I've been here a few times since they have opened and really enjoy the atmosphere.  I visited here last Saturday and checked out the brunch menu, I had the breakfast burrito which came out and looked tiny but was very filling and tasty (especially with the added hot sauce on the table).  My brother enjoyed the blueberry pancakes.  The coffee was delicious, but we did end up having to wait quite a long time for the meal (~45 minutes).  The waitress was great about checking in on us though and at the end even deducted one of the drinks because of the wait time.
It was a bit to cold to be outside but I peaked into the back patio which looked very nice so I'm sure I'll be back on a nice day to check that out.Delicious food, great service, and a lovely atmosphere. I've brunched all over philly, but this may be my new favorite spot. The ricotta pancakes are divine!!!Looking for a last minute brunch spot for last Saturday and stumbled upon this gem on Yelp! The other reviews live up to all the hype for sure! 
Place- it is pretty small but very comfortable vibe they have going on. We waited ~8-10 minutes for a table on Saturday around 1:45-2:00pm. The best part is they have a counter you can order Franklin Fountain ice cream and other things at while you wait for your table. Of course I decided to go with the ice cream ; )  
Staff/Service- As soon as I walked into the place everyone was super friendly and helpful. Our waitress was great and helped me choose between my 2 options since I am the most indecisive person when it comes to breakfast foods haha! 
Food: Everything we had was great. Took quite some time for our food to come out, but it was worth the wait! 
   Lemon Ricotta Pancakes: The texture of the pancakes was great and they were so fluffy.   
   Melted right in my mouth and the lemon sauce drizzle had the perfect amount of lemon   
   flavors without it being too sweet. Must try if you like anything with a hint of lemon : )
   Cheddar Chive Pancake: So fluffy! Burst of flavors in my mouth. Buttery and cheesy, but not 
   overwhelmingly. Nothing like I thought they would have tasted like. I would definitely get 
   them again!
Overall, I would definitely come back here for brunch and try one of the other fabulous items on the menu! Don't forget to bring a bottle of booze since it is BYOB. They have OJ and cranberry juice as mixers!The farm stand salad was filling and amazing. The vegan scrapple was delicious. The coffee was great too. The staff are super friendly. And I love the decor and atmosphere. I like this place. I am looking forward to returning and trying out more items on the menu. 
The food did take while to arrive. But they just opened. I'll let it slide. The staff was hustling. It was just pretty crowded when I was there.We had a perfect holiday morning. First of all, coffee is good, a vital quality for a brunch place. The omelette was delicious and moist, the home fries were on point. Grits with goat cheese and jam were special. But the real star of our day was the cheddar chive pancakes which I am almost certain are out of this world. The complexity of the flavor blew our minds off and we will definitely come back, enduring a two hour commute from New York. Thanks for an amazing brunch!Great neighborhood brunch spot. It was difficult to decide what to choose from the menu as everything looked amazing. 
Do get roasted potatoes on side. They are perfectly cooked but bit on salty side.Meh.
Went to Little Spoon to grab some coffee and breakfast. Love the ambiance and the cozy feeling.
The food was significantly under seasoned and the coffees weren't anywhere near as good as they should be for the price.
They also forgot two items for our order and we were one of the only tables there.
I'll pass. It's too pricey for what you get.I came here for brunch with a friend on Saturday morning. We only had a wait of 5-10 min (got there around 9:45). I had a simple breakfast of eggs, toast (jam comes on the side), potatoes and a side of bacon. Bacon was huge and crispy and delicious. The only thing I wasn't a fan of were the potatoes - kind of dry and flavorless - and the latte that I later ordered to-go. The coffee, however, that I had with breakfast was good. My friend got the cinnamon toast - so decadent - I don't think I would be able to eat an entire meal of it, but it was so damn good. I'll definitely be coming back to try some of their other menu items!I love this little cafe! It is such a great weekend brunch place (BYO!) but also a great place to come during the week to just chill or work on your computer while enjoying good food!A friend raved about Little Spoon, so I tried it this week.  It's one of those places that you order at the counter and then they deliver it to you.  I missed this instruction when entering because it's on a music stand to the left of the door.  When I finally figured out my mistake, the counter person was very kind and efficient.  But there was a shortage of cutlery at the tables.  When I asked for a fork, the server brought over 1 but put it IN the jar next to my table instead of just handing it to me.   I'd say that the food was good - not great - omelet.  It's just the extra touches that would warrant a higher 'star' rating.  I probably won't go back.  I like waiter/waitress service :)Unfriendly service, waitress clearly did not want a large group of us to eat there. Lots of open tables but unwilling to combine them to accommodate us.I've been eagerly anticipating Little Spoon's opening and I was so excited to check it out for brunch this morning!  
They definitely have some kinks to work out but that won't stop me from coming back. The outdoor tables on the street and counter inside are for people waiting for takeout which was a bit confusing.  I like the idea of my big spoon bringing me back takeout brunch but seeing as how this little spoon had been the only one in the cutlery drawer for a while,  and on such a gorgeous day, I really just wanted to eat outside! It was a half hour wait but we managed to work out a side deal where we ordered takeout and sat outside until a table opened up, or worst case scenario we'd eat outside from our takeout containers. I went to the counter to order and they seemed pretty overwhelmed,  it was a while before they took my order, and they warned me the food would take a long time. 
We split the baked fries (sweet potato and potato fries baked in butter and covered in cheese are still healthy because they're baked right?) These were delicious, I suggest you get these. Next up was the salmon platter with latkes and chive crema, and the cheddar pancakes with apple yogurt. Both were great and pretty large portions, and interesting flavors I haven't seen on other menus.The food was very good and tasted fresh and flavorful, not like the greasy brunches I'm used to (which is good).
We ended up not getting a table inside but Erin, one of the co-owners, was nice enough to bring us out a water carafe and our food out on plates (instead of takeout boxes). She said they were having a busy opening and had to start turning people away, but said something that should be every business owners mantra: "I refuse to give bad service." As a customer,  this makes a huge difference. 
I normally don't make it a habit to go places more than once because there are so many good places in Philly I haven't tried but I also love the idea of a neighborhood spot where the owners know my name and are super friendly,  not just serving me food. Think I found that place.
P.S. Byob for bloody mix,  bellinis and mimosas? This could be dangerous.My moms healthy start looked delicious. Last time I was here I wasn't a big fan of their salmon bagel... if they cut back a lot on the salt it would be perfect... my dad loves their blueberry pancakes and gets them every time we are in the city.I'm giving Little Spoon the benefit of the doubt because they've literally just opened a few days ago ( and I didn't have time to stay behind, perhaps they would have rectified the situation) but I ordered the Vegan Hash and it was the smallest portion of food that I've ever received from a restaurant in all of my life......ever (literally)
I"m still giving them 3 stars because of the new opening and the fact that there are kinks to be had, and it was really really good, small portion or not.
 My hope is that was an oversight and whoever took the time to put that mini meal on a plate and the server that gave it to me were just too overwhelmed to notice how small it was vs. that being the portion at that price. I will make mention to the restaurant directly when I get an opportunity to but I would go back for sure.
In the hash was Kale, Potatoes, Acorn Squash, Red Onions, Tempeh Bacon and white toast on the side.
Lastly vegans beware this was served with butter that had jam in the same container if you're looking for a strictly vegan meal be sure they have your bases covered.The prices are a crazy high for what the food is. A BLT was 8.75 and the ice coffee was 3.25. The ice coffee was mediocre and the BLT was not very good. I left half of it, I tried to eat it but it had an odd taste. The bacon was very greasy and tasted like it was cooked in old oil. I know that bacon itself can be greasy but my throat and stomach just felt like I took a shot of old old cooking oil. The service was eh. Lady at the register just placed drinks down and didnt say anything. I had to ask if they were ours. Food was brought to us and the waitress seemed ok but never checked back on us. This place is more of a fast food style place and not so much like a cafe.Great Monte Cristo sandwich.
The duck confit salad is fantastic.
Really great place to relax, get some work done and drink coffee. Good coffee with huge mugs also.Very cute spot, looks homey and cozy. Walls have small flowers in water tubes suspended on rustic walls. Mason jars everywhere. Had the steak and eggs and cheddar chive pancakes. Steak and eggs were priced at $12 and seemed to be a large piece of brisket instead of a piece of thin flank steak. Definitely not what I expected. Served with small side salad and two eggs sunny side up. The cheddar chive pancakes were tasty, though extremely dense. Overall, it was an OK experience, but not worth the wait.Just had the basics for brunch: bacon, eggs, toast and coffee. All done very well. My only regret was not getting the Monte Cristo. I will not make that mistake again. 
Four stars are for the basic food I ordered. Service was okay, but they seemed confused as to where to sit people and when to give some hydration.It pains me to do this, but...
Summary of first visit: cider-braised pork sandwich was amazing, but the service was bad.
SECOND VISIT: I ordered a pastrami reuben sandwich and side of roasted potatoes. Don't be fooled by the "house-cured pastrami." It's thin, dry, hard, and extremely salty, and there was so much house-made sauerkraut that it was basically a sauerkraut sandwich. The pastrami was basically store bought beef jerky, and the sauerkraut didn't even look or taste like sauerkraut. It was green and tasted like cabbage in vinegar. There were only a few small pieces, too. 
You get a huge plate of roasted potatoes for the price, but unfortunately they were dry and hardly seasoned. 
Ironically, the cashier attended to me immediately (as opposed to last time they were talking and ignoring me), but the food was bad.
I would not get either of the items again, but I will return for the cider-braised pork sandwich and to try the breakfast/brunch options (hopefully this will be updated back to 4 stars after that).I stopped by Little Spoon around 9 am for breakfast today. I've been eyeing this place ever since I walked by and saw the huge spoon on the side of the building. I ordered the blueberry pancakes and my boyfriend had ordered the omelette with bacon, that also came with toast and potatoes. My pancakes were the average blueberry pancakes, but my boyfriend and I really liked the potatoes that came with the omelette and the toast with butter and blueberry compote. I would visit again and try something different.Little Spoon is awesome! It has great portions of food for a really good price. I love that it's BYO! The restaurant has a really nice decor, which makes for a nice atmosphere while enjoying a meal. They also have a nice little outdoor area, which is definitely worth checking out if seats are available. 
The staff was very helpful and friendly. 
There was no wait for brunch on a Saturday at 12:30 PM.Was dying to try this place! I wasn't disappointed :) staff was super friendly! Our food was fantastic! We will totally be going backI came back to little spoon with friends so I could try the cheddar chive pancakes. Absolutely amazing and filling. This restaurant is small so come early. The staff is so nice and don't rush you. I will absolutely return! I love the pancakes.I heard about this place on the news a couple months ago and I've been dying to try them out. I ordered the scramble special. It was scrambled eggs with feta and pesto, a side of potatoes and artisan bread with blackberry and butter spread. It was delicious. The eggs were cooked just right and they had a cool look to them since there was pesto in them. I loved the atmosphere, against the wall there were test tubes with plants in them. It was a really cool look and gave them an edge. The prices were reasonable which surprised me because I expected it to be a lot more. The only price that wasn't worth it to me was the orange juice. It was a very small mason jar and it was $2. You could almost buy half a gallon of orange juice with $2. But other than that my waitress was sweet and knew the menu very well. And I'd also suggest the carrot cake waffle!!The food was so good!!!! They do text message reservation updates so my boyfriend and I checked in and walked around before we sat down. They have wonderful waitresses that are kind and considerate. The food is AMAZING they had a lemon ricotta cheese pancake and I went to HEAVEN!!! They were the perfect comfort food. Definitely would go back !Friendly staff took our custom order. Corned beef amazing. Great iced coffee. Will become a regular.Been here twice. Just to preface, the first time I went was opening week {so still sorting out the kinks of the business} and the second time was more recently. First of all, I walked by this place so many times while it was under construction and even just from the adorable name, I was anticipating it's opening!
I love the decor that they have going on in the place and the color scheme, logo, etc. are all very quaint, clean, and inviting. The place is small, but they do have outdoor patio seating through the back of the restaurant when the weather is nice. One small touch that I noticed was that the specials are posted on a roll of paper hanging from the wall (such a minute detail, but so cute!) - if only it were in a spot that could be seen from any of the tables.
The first time visiting, the service was slow and out waitress was not very attentive and didn't seem like she knew was she was doing (I guess that's what you get with many new restaurant openings). As far as the long wait for the food, we were made aware of that upon entering so it was completely understandable. The second time, the service was better and wait time too.
The first time I went, I got the lemon ricotta pancakes with a side of pork roll (as I got the second time, as well). Both times were really good, but they were completely different. The first time I got smaller and fewer (it seemed) pancakes and the toppings were already on the pancakes. The second time, the pancakes were larger and fluffier and didn't seem like there was as much flavor as the first (and the toppings were on the side). The pork roll both occasions, on the other hand, was top notch (and I'm originally from New Jersey). It was sliced thin and cooked crispy, but not burnt...definitely doesn't seem like the kind that comes out of a box.
Other than that, good coffee and seemingly good pastries (although I haven't tried any yet...next time). I also love that they offer take-out, as not too many breakfast places do. I would not hesitate to go back to Little Spoon!The Blueberry Lemon oats were amazinggggg! I'm going to ask for a little extra sauce next time because it was so good and I wanted more. I also got the scrambled egg with cheese. The woman who took my order chased me down after I left out (I ordered togo) because she realized they forgot to put cheese on my eggs (I definitely would have been heart broken without my cheese lol) so I am very appreciative of that. Definitely coming back, even if they had've forgot my cheese; still 5 stars! Very friendly! Cute dining area!First impression was great. Went for breakfast fairly early during the week and it was pretty empty. Order at the counter and then sit in the Gilmore Girls-esq cute diner. My friend had the egg and cheese sandwich which was big and looked nice. I had a grilled cheese special which was provolone and apple butter. Very nice and not too greasy. Great atmosphere and I like that they're open early because that can be tough to find in Philly. Nice addition to South st.Incredible study spot, but with the deal to get a breakfast plate and coffee for under $10 and be STUFFED, the great deals for the plentiful servings makes it a must go. My favorite brunch spot in PhillyThis is one of my favorite brunch spots of anywhere I have been. Even though I am from out of town, I have stopped in during my last few visits. The food and service were great, and BYOB always makes it better! It is small so you will have to get there early and be willing to wait, but it's worth it!UM, CUTEST! I went for Sunday brunch with my roommate, and was so pleasantly surprised when we walked inside. We sat down right away, and were helped immediately. The brunch menu was great. Some more traditional choices and a bunch of unique concoctions. We split the special grilled cheese sandwich and the breakfast burrito. The portions were perfect and everything was delicious. I thought the prices were reasonable for brunch. All that was great, but the real reason I loved this place was the way it was decorated. You can guess from the outside, but it's absolutely adorable inside. Every wall and surface is filled with the cutest little touches. It looks straight off one of my Pinterest boards. I will definitely be back and will recommend!My friend had read about this place and we were excited to try it for a celebratory first-year-done-with-grad-school brunch. Hate to say it, but I got food poisoning. I was stoked to try the cheddar chive pancakes, and they tasted great going down, but not going out. I was SO SICK for days. Could not stop throwing up. Will not be back.SO CUTE! I was thrilled to see this place open up in the old location of that awful mexican restaurant. I went for a very late brunch and we didn't have to wait! I ordered the monte christo and it was HUGE and tasty. 
Beware the scrapple is not your regular scrapple, but their version of it made with cornmeal and some sort of meat, but it's yellow... After the initial shock and confusion, we tried it and it was actually pretty good and not as creepy as regular scrapple. 
The decor in this place is adorable, but it is pretty tight, so I wouldn't recommend it for large groups. Overall, really happy to welcome this place to the hood!After our experience last weekend, little spoon cafe is our new favorite brunch spot (and I'm a picky bruncher). We showed up with a stroller (my son is still too small for a high chair) and were told they had just closed the patio so due to fire codes, they couldn't seat us. No problem, we figured we would head somewhere  else. We were halfway down the block when a person, who turned out to be the owner, chased us down. She said she would be happy to open the patio up for us. I'm so glad she did! The food was excellent, at least as good as honey's, some better (the lemon ricotta pancakes beat any brunch place I've been to), and it was very affordable as Philadelphia brunch goes. To top it off, the owner served us herself, she was incredibly friendly and really accommodating of our son, asking if he needed anything to keep him cool, etc. This was the best brunch experience we've had in a long time. We're going back tomorrow and will be recommending to all our friends!This is such a great breakfast spot. It has a super fun decor and cozy vibe. The menu has a lot of options and is well priced. Most recently I tried their blueberry and lemon oatmeal, house made bacon, and a bite of the breakfast burrito with sausage. Everything was tasty. The oatmeal is a super generous portion and priced at $3.75 is really a great, filling and nutritious open. Bacon is FANTASTIC, get it, can't stress this enough. Their Vietnamese iced coffee is awesome as well!Five of us enjoyed a wonderful breakfast celebrating my wife's bithday. The food was fresh and fabulous, the staff was friendly and attentive. A great find!Good food, cute place, reasonable prices.  I went for brunch and my waffle was pretty awesome.  The homemade sausage was also very tasty.  It's a little cramped inside but that's ok.  I would not bring a big group here.Such great food! The weekend brunch is so good and for such a great price. Visiting from Austin, Texas and we loved it! Get the cheesy grits with any order, they are amazing.It s all really good
We got here Sunday morning 9 am
And not crowded
The best was the green side salad
So good we got a second
Prices are reasonable and you can tastes the special ingredient  love 
This all girl corner eatery does it right 
We liked the monte cristo and the lemon ricotta pancakes coffee decentAfter a full weekend of eating our way through Philly, the Cheddar Chive pancakes are the standout dish of the trip! Crispy edges, gooey cheese bites thrown in, and then topped with a cold, sweet, rich cream cheese based topping. Well done!My friend and I waited an hour to sit down. We put our orders in right away and it took an hour to get our food. The service was slow and the waiter never checked on us. People who sat down after us got their food before us. The food was terrible.  It was not worth the 2 hour wait. We wasted a good portion of our day for a 5 minute meal. It was also overpriced.Little Spoon Café is such a gem. It could absolutely exist in any city "as is" and it would effortlessly succeed. We loved the food, the service, the decor; it truly was our most rewarding foodie experience in Philly.Perfect little place for a simple yet slightly different breakfast!
I loved the simple decor, coffee was good and the menu was a great combination of usual fare and slightly different fare.
I got the cheddar chive pancakes - light and fluffy :-)
Great place to sit down or to just pop in and grab a coffee to go.i had the lemon pancakes delicious bacon delicious potatos delicious. honey lavender latte delicious. will be back!!I ordered an oat meal and a scrambled egg plus lemon and honey tea. Super good taste and nice customer service. I would come back again!Overheard at Little Spoon:
"Oh no, we have a wait staff"
"I'm gonna be honest, it's gonna be a while"
"All of our stacks are short stacks"
"I'll be back in a sec... Literally 30 seconds... I'll be right back"
"You're trying to eat? Ok then..."I could not have been happier with this place. Decent prices and excellent food. I got the Monte Cristo which comes with the side arugula salad. The sandwich was so good everyone at my table was asking for a bite. I'm not a big arugula fan so it wasn't my favorite but the others at my table loved it! I also got the Death by Sunshine smoothie and it was easily the best smoothie I have ever had. Service was attentive and extremely friendly, I would go back in a heart beat! If you go for weekend brunch, expect a wait!!!Cute and Eclectic had a baby, they named it Little Spoon Cafe.
Just visited for the first time and really enjoyed the experience.  It is a cozy, European-style cafe; in this fashion, tables were close and personal, the coffee was excellent and there was a surprising variety of beverages, espressos, and the like. The brunch menu was a combination of classic brunch (savory or sweet) and sandwiches.  I had the breakfast burrito with sausage and my wife enjoyed the Monte Cristo Sandwich.  Both were really tasty, and I'm anxious to delve deeper into the menu when we come back.
We're huge fans of Morning Glory, but I can't say enough how happy I am to have a strong contender closer to home without the 45 minute wait.So good ! All fresh ingredients and amazing atmosphere. Call ahead to put your name on the list.This cute cafe checked all the boxes! I was able to make a couple substitutions in the hash to make it gluten free and vegan and it was amazing! Simple and healthy. They also serve almond milk so I had to get an almond milk latte. Staff was friendly and great!Love this place. We got the chocolate chip banana pancakes, which were very fluffy and light. The perfect amount of chocolate chips! And the whipped cream they are served with is homemade and delicious! My husband got the breakfast burrito which he also really liked. I took a few bites as well and it was really good. Atmosphere is cute, it's a little place so definitely expect to wait. OCF coffee house is a few blocks away and is a good spot to wait for your table.Wow! Not too crowded on a Sunday morning around ten thirty. The cheddar chive pancakes were so tasty!! I'm not even a huge pancake fan but these were a must have: a very unique dish with a delicious savory yogurt topping. Many vegetarian options for the bf, he ordered the scramble which had perfectly cooked squash mixed in. I loved the addition of the squash but I wasn't super impressed with his scramble. The have a great mixture of blueberry jam and butter for toast. The coffee is very good. Unique and cute look.Cute and wonderful! This place was formerly my favorite Mexican bar/restaurant (that admittedly had ridiculously terrible service), but I was SO DEVASTATED when they closed that I promised myself I would hate whoever bought the space, but after trying Little Spoon, I couldn't. I love having this charming and delicious brunch spot as my neighbor. 
The monte cristo is so delish. The coffee is great. The decor is charming. I hope the courtyard opens in the summer and I cant wait to go back (100 times). Bravo.So good- food was delish (had the Monte Cristo), and service was very friendlyNot normally a fan of the breakfast places in Philly, especially the popular ones with long lines, but this brunch place has got it right. My husband and I ordered the reuben and lemon ricotta pancakes. Reuben was great, and lemon ricotta was on point. The texture was perfect and I loved the lemon sauce. Amazing! Will come back again!Amazing place. Delicious food went there for breakfast!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Had the "Healthy Start" - scrambled egg whites with caramelized onion and arugula pesto (I dumped a bunch of Chahula on it for some extra flavor), turkey bacon (eh, I just prefer regular bacon, can't really say it was bad turkey bacon because turkey bacon is bad.)  The star of the plate was the strawberry rhubarb jam that came with the toast.  I wanted to eat a whole jar of it.  Honestly, the side of avocado made this breakfast something I was bound to enjoy.
The coffee was pretty good, too.  I like the style of the cafe.  Order up front and take a seat.The prices are good for what you get, as the sandwiches are great for brunch and very filling. My friend and I came for Sunday brunch and both enjoyed the Monte Cristo sandwich. The bread is delicious and cake-y, almost like a battered french toast. The ham was plentiful and oozing gouda cheese delicious. I do wish their salad side was bigger. 
Fast service in and out. I did feel rushed for brunch, thus the -1 star.this is another one of those small, unassuming cafe's on south street.  ambience/decor is awesome and very comfortable/cozy place to hang out, eat a sandwich, and get some work done. 
The food is absolultely phenomenal.  I got the veggie sandwich, the grits with goat cheese, and soy hot chocolate.  As a vegetarian who loves brunch/lunch spots, I eat a lot of veggie sandwiches.  This is one of the few places that spends time cooking/spicing the vegetables and the bread is truly artisan (does that mean delicious?!). 
The grits are good also but the goatcheese is a great touch.  It's hard to find soy drinks that have the same fluff and frothiness associated with steamed milk but they've done an amazing job with it. 
At $17 for a sandwich, hot chocolate, and grits, the place is amazingly priced.  Recommend highly.From the chocolate chip pancakes to the ambiance I've gotta say I enjoyed my brunch meal here. As a party for one the wait here wasn't very long even though it was a very busy Sunday morning. Definitely will return on another trip to Philadelphia.Great espresso, interesting and tasty food.  The Monte Cristo is really delicious!Atmosphere: thoughtful, vintage inspired, unpretentious design. Classic rock station streaming, and good vibes
Food: fresh and classic, blt was perfect to split for a light meal, side of potatoes was perfectly crisped-- not to be missed
Service: friendly waitstaff who were not overly attentive
FYI-- BYOB!!!Best place ever! Service is excellent, food is yummy and unique and the place is super cute and inviting! As a tea drinker in a coffee country I am always disappointed with tea selections in cafes and brunch spots. This place, however has better standard tea blends than any other place. I couldn't be more pleased.Amazing little brunch spot in south Philly. Not a good spot for larger groups as they only seat up to 5 ppl. By far the best bacon I've ever had in my life. Cured in house. Nice options from short rib and eggs to their best item the monte cristo, a must try. The owner came out to adjust some issues we had. Super cool and great service! I will definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.Pros: it's a cute place with interesting decor, prices are reasonable, great food. Cons: space issues (small, tables are close together, there isn't a clear path to the counter, there is no place to wait for a table inside), and they did not have 2 of the dishes that we wanted (biscuits and gravy and some salmon dish that I don't recall).
I came here on a Friday around 1 pm in a group of 5 and luckily there was a table available, although we did have to squeeze 3 people in a spot for 2. The food came quickly, but not all together. The first dish came around 5 minutes before the other dishes, which is a pet peeve of mine at restaurants. Everyone enjoyed their dishes, including the monte cristo, cheddar and chive pancakes, and the shakshuka. 
I wouldn't rank this as one of my top 3 brunch places around center city, but I would return.My friend and I, both vegetarians, went here the other day for brunch. We called in ahead of time but still had to wait for 30 minutes for a table to open up. Normally this would set a 4 star ceiling on my review, but the food and service make up for the wait! 
Our brunch had one other hiccup: we split the breakfast burrito (which is default vegetarian, you can add meat to it if you want) and found some stray pieces of meat that must have snuck their way in from the grill....at first we mistook these for extremely delicious potato skins, but realized the truth when we could actually see a large piece of sausage...but that being said, this place gets five stars because our server handled this wonderfully (just as good restaurants should!). He not only brought us a new burrito, sans meat, but he also apologized calmly and took the whole thing off of the check! 
Also: the food is MAGNIFICENT! the breakfast burrito has so much flavor, and is very satisfying while feeling healthy at the same time. The carrot cake waffle with cream cheese is moist on the inside, crispy on the outside, and I could just eat a bowl full of that frosting on its own. I also had the Thai iced tea which was sweet and caffinated! I'll be back here if I visit Philly again!Stopped in about two weeks ago on a Tuesday, not having eaten all day. Had the asparagus and tomato omelette with feta and a single pancake. All of the food was really tasty, especially the pancake. The roasted potatoes that came with the omelette were a little too salty. Leftovers held up well and tasted just as good second day. The price was more than reasonably given the location where they could probably get away with charging a bit more.
It was about 2 hours before closing so service was bare bones. Not exceptional nor especially friendly but not exactly apathetic either. Mediocre sounds like a criticism so let's say it was adequate. Will update service review after trying out Sunday brunch.I am so happy this place opened up for lunch in my neighborhood.  To say they are busy is an absolute understatement - I think they were not prepared for the terrific outpouring of support from the South Street West community.  It gives another terrific option for lunch, dinner and brunch in the neighborhood.  The food is great and the service was good.A good place to meet up with a friend. Cute space but they need to stop skimping on ingredients. The seitan in my banh mi was totally scant. I heard the table next to me ask for more tomato for their sandwich.I had a super duper amazing brunch here today.  Wowzers.
There was a wait to be seated, so I hung out on a stool by the window.  I ultimately stayed there, which was fine.  This place was absolutely hopping with people.  That being said, it wasn't overly loud and you could still hear the music (which, by the way, was right up my alley).
The coffee was smooth and plentiful and served in a cute mug.  I ordered the scramble 'special', even though it was a little adventurous for me, but I'm so glad that I did.  Eggs with Havarti cheese and heirloom butternut squash?!  Plus delicious potatoes and sourdough toast.  The toast came with butter and some wonderful jam on the side.
Let's go back to that omelet.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the Havarti made the dish taste almost buttery, and the squash added a very interesting texture and a tiny hint of sweetness that makes your palate want another bite.
I'm so glad I went here and I will definitely be back again!So I was looking for new spots for brunch & came across this place.
We tried it out..hoping the coffee & food would have us include this one in our brunch rotation.. & did it deliver??!
Epic- house cured Bacon that was soo far..best I've had & hazelnut French toast was. Just yummy with crumbled up hazelnuts along w cherries & just right amount chocolate ganache - :)
Return factor: totally!!!
Got very rustic vintage 40's & 50's look with this vintage stove use to get coffee condiments.. On !! Luv it!!!I had such high hopes for this place. The decor is adorable, Im very impressed with their beverage selection (I LOVE a good cold brew), and the menu seemed to have some great options that were a little more interesting than the average BLT or omelette.
The atmosphere is calm and quaint, and the guy behind the ipad taking orders was very nice and accomodating.
My only real concerns were with the food. I ordered their chicken salad sandwich, and while the arugula was a great fresh component, the bread was dry and crumbled all over me before it even got in my mouth. It couldnt quite hold up to the thick sandwich.  The pickles it came with were decent, and the chicken salad itself wasnt bad, but not incredibly interesting. The whole sandwich really lacked something, like an interesting mayo or sauce. It was a bit bland. 
Overall, although the decor and vibe and staff all got an A+, the food is really what matters and for a mediocre $10 sandwich, I probably wont come back. But maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.I came into Philadelphia today for a job interview, and needed somewhere to fill my belly after having the nervous jitters all morning.
I happened to park across from Little Spoon, and my boyfriend and I stumbled in. He got a simple bagel w/ cream, I got the Duck Confit Salad with Jasmine Tea.
He instantly regretted not getting a real menu item. The salad was AMAZING. The duck fell right off the bone, egg poached awesomely. Flavors were mixed really well, and they didn't drown the salad in dressing (like a lot of places do). It was honestly the best mix of greens I've ever gotten!!
If I get the job, I'm looking for an apartment nearby so I can come here all the time!!Little Spoon Cafe is about 20 minutes from the Philadelphia Airport. We were looking for a place with decent parking that wasn't in the heart of the city. We found parking on the streets for $3 an hour (apparently there is free parking in South Philly). 
The atmosphere and vibes of the restaurant were trendy and aesthetically pleasing. Due to the small size of the cafe, they won't let you order until you had seating (or if you're going to do take out). Luckily, we were there around 1100am on a weekday, so it wasn't that crowded. We ordered the Reuben sandwich and the Hash casserole with bacon. The Reuben sandwich was pretty descent as per my husband. I was really excited to try the hash, but too my disappointment, it was incredibly salty! I couldn't eat most of it because of that :( However, the Vietnamese iced coffee was a delicious treat! Overall, for the vibes and location of the restaurant, it was a decent first visit.Awesome corner spot! Get a little lucky so you do not have to wait for a while on the weekend.  Alls I got to say is Monte Cristo sandwich. whoa. the smoked gouda cheese and jalapeno mayo with the toasted bread? Umm yeah, i'll have that. Great atmosphere that is quite loud, but vibrant. Great staff and look forward to trying all the things.In a word SHASHUKA! Probably the best breakfast we have had in Philadelphia. The coffee is robust and the frittata special was amazing, my husband couldn't finish it-portions are not shy. We will be back to this tiny terrific find!!This is a charming little brunch spot! We arrived at the perfect time in a Saturday morning, we grabbed the last little table inside. The menu has enough variety without being overwhelming but plenty of options to choose from. We ordered the cheddar chive pancakes and the biscuits and gravy. YUM! The pancakes are as big as dinner plates, perfectly fluffy and tender. The biscuits and gravy isn't exactly what you'd find in the south, but a pretty darn good substitute and executed well. 
To note, although not enough of a probably to subtract any stars was the service. There was one hostess and what appeared to be only one waitress for a bustling Saturday morning. She worked all the tables well and we didn't feel ignored but it did take almost 10-15 minutes until our order was placed. Just a heads up that the service might be slower here than what you're accustomed to at other restaurants.I went on opening day and staff was buried in busy-ness but I managed to order two cookies.  Now I usually don't like cookies because they are too sweet and I am sensitive and not habituated to sugar highs; and cookies are usually too dry and over baked.  Not these.  The cookies were perfectly moist and not too sweet.  My only complaint was the price; $2.25 seems high for even a perfect cookie (I'm from West Philly so maybe this price is normal for this area but not where I'm from) so it is on my "occasional treat" list but probably not my "daily delight" list; maybe make them bigger if the price needs to be so high? Then i could eat half and take the rest home for the kids.  I was told most of their baked goods are house baked and the freshness shows.  
I'll be back to see how things settle as this place has great potential to be one of the best breakfast/lunch cafes in Philly.Great food. Cozy atmosphere and terrific staff. Line can be long because of this, but it's worth the wait.We live close by and have never stopped in - very glad we finally made a point to get "brunch" here yesterday. At around noon on a Sunday we did have to wait maybe 10-15 minutes for a table for 2 - no big! The place is pretty small. They do have some outdoor seating but not a ton. We sat inside, but the windows and doors were open so it was almost like being outside!
We each ordered a smoothie (peanut butter for me, sunshine for him) and a meal (avocado toast for me, lox and bagel sandwich for him). Everything was delicious. We ended up only finishing half of our meals and taking the rest to go for later.
Service was great. The owner, or at least someone very involved in the business, stopped by because she saw us admiring the one wall that was chiseled with some test tube flowers hanging in it. Apparently that was all hand-chiseled, and she pointed out a deer and a rabbit (and even an accidental poop emoji) in the design. 
Very cool place - I will absolutely be back for some quick morning smoothies and we will definitely be back for a meal very soon!
** They do not accept AMEX but otherwise they do take cash or credit and they are BYOB if you want to have some bloody mary's or mimosas with your brunch! **Went here for brunch with some lady friends.  The restaurant is tiny, wouldn't recommend going with more than four people.  We had to wait a pretty long time because some girls who had finished eating were either oblivious to the fact that people were waiting or they didn't care.  We had a bottle of champagne and got the Bellini mix.  It was some kind of berry concentrate.  We all shared the lemon ricotta pancakes which were great.  I had the scrambled egg special which involved an arugula pesto.  I also had a side of bacon.  I didn't love their bacon.  My friend said the coffee was great.  Everyone liked their food, and the portions were pretty big considering that everything is basically under $10.  We were all super surprised in a good way when the check came.**Update*** Lemon Ricotta Pancakes now offered daily. They were as good as any I've had.
I came in hoping to try their acclaimed lemon ricotta pancakes, but they're only served on weekends. Bummed out, but decided to stay because the I spotted the Monte Cristo on the menu. One of the better versions I've had. The ham was high quality and not overly salty. Delicious breakfast overall. If I lived in Philly, Little Spoon would definitely​ be in my brunch rotation.I just enjoyed my first breakfast at Little Spoon Cafe and I couldn't be more pleased. The food was delicious, and the coffee rivals some of the best cafes in the city. Service with a smile goes a long way, and so it's safe to say that I will be returning to the smiling faces at Little Spoon very soon!Amazing coffee and creative menu! 
The brisket sandwich with an egg was great, the slaw makes it complete. Cold brew coffee flavor was excellent.Order at the counter and seat yourself, and they bring the dishes to you! Makes this more casual, but still a quality brunch spot. I came here on a weekday around noon and there was no wait, with plenty of seating available. 
Decided to be a little bold and ordered the shakshuka and the cheddar chive pancakes to share with my friend. Even an egg hater like me couldn't deny how delicious this dish was. And, omg, the pancakes - were simply phenomenal. Buttery, cheesy, with a little kick of sweet. I highly recommended both dishes we got! 
Overall, a super cute and affordable cafe with a wide selection of breakfast/lunch/brunch options served all day!It was my first visit and was excited that there were plenty of seats and it was a Tueday morning so I got lucky. We ordered coffee and they tasted great, strong, flavorful and not bitter. I ordered the hash and absolutely loved it but the only thing that disappointed me was the greens that was in it. The greens which I believed was kale or spinach were gritty. I don't know if it wasn't fully washed. I just put them to the side and ate everything else. I would definitely come back back the was so cozy in there. I love the set up and concept and looking forward to trying all the other offerings they have.Pretty good food, monte cristo was pretty good.  Pretty expensive though, and didn't leave actually full like I have the other brunch spots.  Not bad, but not the best.This is a great little place for brunch. Tucked away on South Street - they have an awesome breakfast/brunch/lunch menu. I've heard their lemon ricotta pancakes are amazing - but I opted for their Monte Cristo, which is the epitome of brunch. Two thick slices of white bread with fried eggs, gouda cheese, and ham. They even threw in a side salad to make sure you round out your food pyramid. Still, I wish it was a LITTLE more balanced. Keep in mind that this is no way the fault of the restaurant - I just opted for it because everyone raved about it. I'll be back next time - this time for the ricotta pancakes!Great menu with sweet and savory options. We had the bacon waffle with roasted potatoes and the cherry pinepple jam gouda grilled cheese. Everything was delicious, fresh, and served pretty quickly. The decor is shabby chic and neat. I'd definitely return if I return to Philly!Okay breakfast, cute themed place.
This was a very interesting place to have breakfast. The ideas of the menu still had the ability to interest me, but several of the menu combinations or far out enough that I couldn't imagine ordering them and being content with the outcome. So I went fairly simply, an order of two eggs and I think the meal would've been great had it been warm when I got it. I'm a big stickler for toast, the sourdough bread seemed amazing but if it shows up cold at your table all that butter and jelly in the world just sits on it. I think if you go here two or three times you'll be able to comfortably enjoy breakfast, but on your first visit it's impossible to know where you can find silverware, creamer, sugar, the napkins.Came back a second time to Little Spoon, and unfortunately have to downgrade my rating. Our grilled cheese was not very good, the ham was pretty dry and the cheese itself was not melted at all. Grilled cheese 101 should have melted cheese.  However my egg scramble was still good, and the breakfast potatoes were awesome.  The staff were just as friendly as I remember, they are all very sweet.  However our waitress never asked if the food was ok, we probably would have sent the sandwich back for something else. But she saw we didn't eat it and asked if we wanted a take-home box.  No thanks.  I'll still come back here, but my first experience was a lot better.