Full disclosure, never been here before 2am (and sober). 
REGARDLESS, this place is damn good. Four stars because it's cash only, which of course can be inconvenient at times. But with the existence of apps like venmo and square (and they even have an ATM for a fee) problems like that are a quick fix. Bathroom is kinda small as well, but it gets the job done. 
The wait is never long to be seated, even if there outwardly appears to be a line outside. Once seated, the staff treats you well and doesn't hesitate to take care of whatever is needed at your table. Yet, they're also not overbearing to the point that you feel rushed (which is crucial obv when you're trying to rehash those late night stories with friends). I always find myself making friends with the waitress, but that could just be my nature who knows. 
The food: definitely good portions for a pretty standard breakfast affair. The number of options on the menu is what really stands out. And it sure doesn't take long to get to you. They're really good about fixing something that comes out wrong, and I remember specifically basically getting two whole breakfasts one night because I got the wrong cheese on an omelette. I almost cried I was so happy. 
Space is limited at booths so be ready to cram it in if you've got more than 4 ppl together. 
It's always a good time when I've gone and I'm looking forward to the next time I go back. Whenever I end up at Lil Pete's...I know it's been a great night.I hope they open their new location somewhere close to Rittenhouse square. So close to me, I know nothing about Philly, Little Pete did show me some comfort time. The owner guy was always at the counter and he was nice. The waitress ladies seemed tough but they were actually very friendly and attentive. 
I had couple dishes there since I got my breakfast there couple times. 
Loved their greek salad, this was so big that I always had left over and ate later. 
Their omelet was pretty good. Fluffy and yum. 
The egg sandwich, I liked it very much! They gave you so much egg and it was delicious. My go to breakfast awhile. 
Their French fries!!!! Crispy and just perfect with mayo. The waitress ladies remembered me and packed mayo with my fries even I did not ask for. 
I like to have this comfy diner right next me. Sad to see them leaving.  We don't have many diners in center city though.I yelped "brunch" before coming to "Philly" and it guided me to here. 
This cute little corner diner restaurant was literally across the street from the hotel that I was staying in. 
Came in for breakfast around 10am and was seated immediately.
The menu is very straight forward with the basic home-cooked meals.
They have specials and deals based on what day you come in.
There is a mixture of locals and tourists.
We ended up getting the Belgium waffle and the Tuesday special omelet.
The special omelet comes with coffee and toast. I think the coffee comes with free refills-I'm not a coffee drinker so didn't pay attention.
Great place and would definitely come again if in Philly!Staff was extremely welcoming. Gave off the perfect diner vibes. It was a very cute little place! Food wasn't the best diner food I've had but it was only my first time there and I got chicken fingers. Will definitely be back in the future to try their breakfast! Not a lot of seating inside, but the group I was with had a great time.I hear this place is closing permanently soon. What a shame! The food is awesome, the staff is dedicated and the pricing is fabulously fair. I enjoyed breakfast after clubbing closeby. There were plenty of colorful patrons from different walks of life. I met a federal agent, a limo driver and a medical grad student from Penn...diversity at it's best!Warm and friendly. Had the beef brisket sandwich and it was wonderful. Nice quaint place without the fuss but with the charm.I'm not dumb, I know what goes on in any establishment that cooks and serves food, from the shittiest diner to the classiest restaurant. And it doesn't bother me, hey...if it doesn't kill ya, it only makes you stronger. That being said, don't use the bathroom here. It's a glimpse into a world that you just don't want to see.
The food was pretty damn good and the service was reasonable. They didn't even bitch when we had to put a chair at the end of our booth for a 5th person on a really busy lunch hour. Kinda pricey for a "diner" tho, i guess that has more to do with location than anything.Little Pete's is a great spot for late night food after a night out. I think it's kind of cute inside too! It feels like you've gone back in time a bit. It also looked really clean to me, which was surprising. I had a scrapple egg and cheese sandwich and it was absolutely perfect. The waitress was really friendly too. 
I arrived there around 1:30 in the morning and we were able to get seats at the counter immediately. By the time we were ready to leave though, there was a line out the door. Definitely keep that in mind if you're hungry :DGreat service. I made a mistake in ordering and they generously put a new order in. The go to sandwich for me when really hungry: the Reuben sandwich. Get it with a side of fries and you can't miss.Its been a few years since I've been to Little Pete's but I always loved going for 4th or 5th meal, breakfast, or lunch.  Sit at the counter-- it is  a blast. My favorite part about Little Pete's - aside from the great, cheap diner food- is going to the restroom. You actually get to walk through the kitchen! Wow!The service is great. Most of the serve staff are Philadelphia natives who have worked at little Petes for a while. 
This is one of the only places to get food late night around rittenhouse square so it's always filled with drunk Penn students. 
The food is mediocre and they don't take credit card.The sun is starting to come up, the birds are starting to chirp.... after a night full of bad decisions you throw in the towel and go to little pete's.
CONS:
The coffee is bad
The service is hit or miss, with odds strongly in favor of miss
PROS:
You're probably still too drunk to care.Cash only here
This place is adorable and the service is quick and friendly and attentive. There is a circular bar that you can sit at and they were serving breakfast and lunch when we got there at 12. If you don't want to sit at the little bar you can sit and some of the surrounding tables.  We ordered waffles with ice cream, eggs and pancakes, and coffee. The bill came to 22. We really enjoyed this place and will definitely be back.Little Pete's is simply adorable. It's definitely one of the coziest places I've eaten at in the city. And more importantly, it's one of the cheapest meals I've had in the city. Breakfast for two came to $20 which is pretty much unheard of in Rittenhouse Square. 
Pete's is cash only and has a 'two or more people to a booth' rule. No friends? No problem! There's a little island in the middle of the restaurant for a party of one. They also have take-out and free delivery. As far as the food is concerned, it's great. As a girl who could eat breakfast food at any time during the day, I was extremely happy with my omelet and the well done orders of pork roll these guys were churning out. And they get extra points for keeping my coffee piping hot with perfectly timed refills. 
I think I definitely found a new breakfast joint.Small diner with booths and a wrap around counter .  Food was fine; service good.  If you want breakfast at any hour or basic comfort food this is the place for you.  I'll be back again.  CASH only.A classic little diner; dive decor, decent food served hot, decent coffee, and reasonable prices.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, we found the service to be good, they even did a good job handling some jerk who went on a loud rant about dogs in public places when a woman brought in her clearly marked (and well trained) service dog.  Not a bad place overall, but don't expect anything fancy.Unfortunately, I'm a little late to the party, as I may have just enjoyed a lunch at Little Pete's just in time to wish it a fond farewell. Seemingly inches away from my mother's apartment in the city, we couldn't pick a better spot when one wanted eggs and the other was craving a gyro... One stop shopping.  Her eggs were cooked perfectly, the toast was the right shade of toasted, and the coffee refills were plentiful. My gyro was fully loaded and quite tasty, great portion size for a first meal that starts after noon (or a fourth meal at 1am).
Sure, it's cash only. SURE, they serve steak fries and I hate them the most of all serving methods of potatoes. But, when in doubt, substitute hash browns and hit the ATM. Because these eats are worth a trip. Affordable, open 24/7, and SUPER conveniently located. The homefries are ON POINT, the nostalgia levels are off the charts, and I really don't have any complaints. That said, to give this five stars would be doing an injustice to other establishments that have blown me away.... so 4 it is.Had breakfast here. It was OK. Actually, the food was pretty bland. I had an omelet and home fries. No taste. Service was fine, and seats at 7:30 on a Friday morning were plentiful, but it was basically just food.my chicken fingers came with a giant live cockroach as big as the chicken finger. it crawled out of the bag and attacked us while we were already eating. It makes me sick thinking about it. I would not recommend Little Pete's to anyone. Ever.Ate breakfast here and more than anything, I love that it is a thriving neighborhood, independent joint. Breakfast food was all good, served up quickly, with a smile to boot.Jetlagged and hungry @ 5am...
Its a little place on the corner of S. 17th and Rittenhouse... Open 24/7 and serves breakfast around the clock.. Prices are decent.. Food came out quick. Service was friendly.Little Pete's may fall to make space for a luxury boutique hotel saddened and excited me at the same time. It would be heartbreaking that the original Little Pete's will no longer be serving Philadelphians as a 36-year tradition; yet the city of Philadelphia has tremendous potential for her bright hospitality future expansion. 
My Sunday brunch visit there was pleasant as always. Little Pete's makes me feel like home and it is refreshing from the fine dining scene in Rittenhouse Square. If it comes to the day that Little Pete's falls to the wrecking ball, you will always stay in our hearts!Great service
Great prices
Great coffee
Perfect location
Enough said...if you want a diner meal, then this is the place in Philly!  Cash only...remember!Pat's is a myth. Forget Gino's. The best Cheesesteak in Philly, and therefore the country, is here at Little Pete's. They're known for their breakfast (people swear by their scrapple), but the best kept secret around is their absolutely divine cheesesteaks. Great ingredients and excellent cooks make for an amazing sandwich. I had mine with grilled onions, mushrooms and hot peppers, and just now describing it, my mouth is watering for another. 
If you're not in the mood for steaks, their breakfast is guaranteed not to disappoint, and the owner's special dinner dishes are to die for. Do yourself a favor: try the Marsala.We went here yesterday for breakfast because it was right a crossed the street and we needed something quick before checking out of the hotel at noon. We managed to snag a seat at the bar, but if we'd been just 2 minutes later we would have had about a half hour wait. This place is small and about what you'd expect from a local diner. There were two waitresses, one working the booths and one working the bar, and a cashier (they only take cash) and a busboy/drink filler. I ordered a ham and cheese omelet which was a little overcooked. It came with breakfast potatoes which were undercooked in my opinion, I like mine crispy, and toast. I also got coffee. I was in and out in 30 minutes. Overall nothing special, but it served its purpose so I can't complain.This is definitely the dive of diners.  It's pretty grungy, the interior is very old, and the clientele is not prissy (though they'll warn you about the scrapple if you're not a native).  Having said that, it's a great place to go for a morning-after meal.  It's cheap, it's fast, and it doesn't try to be healthy.  My eggs benedict probably had half a stick of butter in the sauce.  Decadent, delicious, and deadly.  So for my heart's sake, I don't frequent this place, but I will go back to brave the scrapple eventually.For want of other options, the boyfriend and I lugged ourselves here at 5 a.m. on a Sunday after his late-night shift. It was everything we expected and less. I can't comment on the vibe, because as far as I can tell, it has none. 
We arrived just as they were getting done cleaning the floors, and I suppose being open 24 hours it's inevitable that some customers will have to deal with that, but the fumes from the cleaning fluid were noxious to the point of giving me a slight headache. 
A few minutes after we arrived, a rowdy foursome arrived and sat down in the booth behind me. My flimsy seat rattled every time they moved, which was super annoying. I really shouldn't have been sitting where I was anyway, since I was facing the open kitchen, and let me tell you the cooks didn't exactly inspire a lot of confidence.
We started with hot chocolate, mixed to powdery lumpiness and served in miniature teacups; you get what you pay for, I suppose. I had a grilled cheese and tomato sandwich. In all fairness to Little Pete's, I should have specified that I didn't want plastic cheese in my sandwich. It was served with a snack-size bag of potato chips and a pickle. I really dug the pickle. The boyfriend had good things to say for his burger, and I can personally vouch for the thick-cut fries that came with it.
In all, while I hope that one day someone will decide to show Wawa what for, there isn't a whole lot of competition for the weekend 3-7 a.m. slot in this part of town, so I'll be back. Sigh.I don't know what pretty pills everyone is on, but let me say this about my visit last week. First the waitress couldn't be bothered to tell me what was in the omlette I was ordering, then she frisbees our plates on the table followed by the check (I haven't had a bite yet). The food is edible, nothing to write home about. My mom however finds a hair in her food and that is when we called it a day. There are better places in philly, there have to be.As far as dinners go, I cannot complain about little Pete's (except maybe the booths are a bit tiny). Rude post before about the staff, they are awesome women who are true Philly ladies. Always friendly and making jokes. The food is delicious, great size portions, and you can't beat the price in center city. Try the roast pork sandwich or the Waldorf salad! And great fries too! Lunch specials come with soup and a drink. Thank u to all of the staff at little Pete's!Decent breakfast, 2 eggs, totast & Hash browns $3.95...How can you beat that, open 24hrs, cash only!Great little breakfast diner! Eggs Benedict is fabulous! Good service but they only accept cash. ATM is right outside the entrance!Coffee and water always refilled, wise cracking waitress, quick turnaround on tasty food, fairly priced, open 24/7, throwback decor looks and feels like your on a movie set, no single seating at booths, counter stools for local flavor, the patrons running the gamut from saints to sinners and everything in between, whats not to love.....
When in Philly, my go to spot for breakfast or a late night chow down, damn shame Little Pete's may be forced out for another homogenous hotel.It's a diner.  Don't expect any more or any less.
Omelette's and home fries are bland, fortunately there's salt shakers on every table.  Burgers are good, steak fries bland.  Great for cheap and simple hangover relief or drunk eats (as long as you get here before 2:00am).  This is one of the few places in center city that stays open after the bars close, so plan accordingly.  Once it fills up after 2:00, service gets slow and terrible.  Decor is.... strange.I arrived to Philly late in the evening, checked into a nearby hotel...since it was so late room service wasn't available. That's when the front desk clerk told me about Lil Pete's. 
After reading the Yelp reviews I figured I'd give them a try.
The food did arrive pretty quick, so I'll give the deliver guy props for that. 
With that being said, I'm sorry to say that I was highly disappointed with the food. It was very bland. Not to mention that I ordered two meals, and only received one set of utensils. So my hubby and I did rock paper scissors to decide who'd have to eat with their hands :(
Bottom line, if you're starving and you don't have any other choice, then Lil Pete's is the place to go.Tasty little greasy spoon. Friendly staff and fast. I just had eggs and bacon, nothing fancy but yummy. Coffee cup was never empty!This place has been an in the know favorite for years. It's one of the last true diners in the city. The food is diner fare, and they do it well. Service is great from the waitresses to the cooks to the cashier. It is cash only, but now that you know, you know.Has the scraple and a berger. Both were tasty. The berger was awesome, and perfectly cooked. It's not a huge berger, normal size but delicious. 
The server was nice and fast.
The diner inside is well a diner, it is spitting immage of what I have in my head as the typical Americana that is the diner. Long bar for singles and traditional booths for small groups. 
It looses a star because it is cash only. :( so, bring the old fashioned green stuff along.Visiting from out of state & looking for breakfast spot.  Not bad, but the 3rd star is due solely to the wonderful waitress, who was very friendly. Food was good, but nothing to write home about. Coffee was warm & kept coming. If you're looking for something different, healthy or exciting, this isn't the place. But if you want a good hot traditional breakfast, it'll hit the spot.The best diner in center city! RIP Little Pete'sOld school Philly diner feel with store hours that say, "We don't play around."  This is a great place to either start your weekday or finish off your late Saturday night.  Granted, I've never ordered anything other than the Lox and Onion bagel and a cup of coffee, but those in themselves are enough to keep me coming back again and again.  The waitresses aren't necessarily bubbly or warm and welcoming, but we're in the heart of Philly -- it's part of the whole experience.  Four stars only because I want my Lox Bagel at ALL hours of the day and finding parking is a bit of a drag.Since it has been a few years since I reviewed Little Pete's I wanted to share an update based on my most recent trip and visits.  I dined here twice both times for dinner.  Their fare can best be characterized as non-fussy, hearty, homecooking at a decent price.  Please do not mistake my 3-star rating as indicating any deficiency.  This is a diner.
I had a greek omelet the first time and their chicken croquettes meal the second time I visited.  Prices don't seem to have changed since I was last here and now are quite reasonable circa $10-13 for a meal.  You can enjoy breakfast all day so I had a dinner omelet.  If you do this though you will receive French fries instead of breakfast potatoes which was fine by me.  The serving sizes are on the large side so you won't leave hungry.  They have great coffee.  The croquettes were served on a bed of mashed potatoes and topped with a generous serving of gravy.  You get a veggie side and they have quite a few choices here.  I opted for peas with mushrooms.  Little Pete's is open 24-h a day and located just off of Chestnut next to the Club Quarters Hotel and the RiteAid.  If you are a tired hungry traveler anywhere in the vicinity I encourage you to visit.I'm trying to eat more natural foods but Little Petes is a guilty pleasure.  I'm torn between the steak fries and the real onion rings.  And the black and white shakes are incredible.  Plus now they have Tabasco on their tables!
They serve the lunch specials til late.Came here for a late night breakfast after flying all day and arriving at midnight.  As others have noted, it's cash only.  For my friend, the eggs and scrapple were a trip down memory lane.  
I had a more conventional breakfast of eggs, bacon and home fries.  Little Pete's is a greasy spoon, so I shouldn't complain about the home fries being really greasy.  They tasted good, but wreaked havoc on my GI system later.  
Service is prompt.Little Pete's is a Philadelphia tradition and a sentimental fav.   I first set foot in Little Pete's many moons ago when a group of us stopped here for breakfast while we were studying for the bar exam.   Pete's, happily, has undergone significant renovations and has cleaned up since then.  Pete's also is a sentimental fav because we always come here  après watching the Thanksgiving Day parade. 
The food is typical diner fare and the prices are decent for Center City.   Avoid their lox (and anything containing lox) because they don't have adequate turnover of that item.  I have twice ordered the lox omelet and it has twice smelled fishy (the lox had loitered too long).   The scrapple, I understand, is well-prepared but is the "wrong brand."  Who knew that there were scrapple connoisseurs?!   They do 
handle the basics well:   French toast, omelets (no lox, please) and eggs.   The coffee is better than average for a diner.
Pete's is mostly counter with a few tables along the south wall.  So if you enjoy efficient counter service and waitstaff who call you "hon," consider giving Pete's a try.SUPER Fast! Friendly and clean...I don't feel rushed but the turn over here is quick. If you're craving eggs this is the place!
Plus, they refilled my slowly draining coffee at least three times, and I never had to ask for it. Thank you counter waitstaff, you are excellent!On my first visit to Philly a few months ago I thought I'd give this place a whirl for some breakfast.  I was hoping to get some eggs, oatmeal, and toast.  
I got everything I ordered, and while the eggs were pretty good - though lacking any creativity - the toast was low-grade bread, and the oatmeal was among the worst I've ever had, primarily because they didn't have ANY toppings.  WTF eats plain oatmeal?
Real shame, too - Lil Pete's has a cool retro layout.  There's potential if they could just invest a little effort into the kitchen and spruce the place up.Little Pete's is across from the Radison and is open 24 hours.  It's a nice unpretentious throwback of a cafe with very good food at a reasonable price.  I'm a repeat visitor and really like the cozy atmosphere and people watching.Little Pete's is my go too diner. The food's good, the service is great, and the atmosphere rules. All of the waitresses are nice, and I always feel like I'm being taken care of there. So, if you're having a blue kind of day, Little Pete's is the place to be. 
My usual is the Veggie wrap, but when I'm feeling saucy, I splurge on their killer waffle. Good day/bad day, Little Pete's is your friend...with benefits.What can I say about Little Petes than we will definitely miss you guys when your gone! Service is always top notch, food is good typical diner food! But what you get that here at Little Petes is the entertainment value hands down come here at 3 am sit back and be prepared to laugh your ass off while you eat a omelette!!! HahaWhat a wonderful surprise.  Sleepless in philly and looking for a sunrise breakfast place after having to endure to many hotel breakfast buffet with processed eggs.
Took a short walk and just a store front to greet you.   The server was pleasant with out being to over the top.  A simple menu either the usual offering.   Choose the Eggs Benedict with a side of ham.   I must mention that when the eggs arrived it looked like no other Benedict I ever saw.
Cardinal dish filled to the top and slightly browned golden holidays sauce on top.
Wow deep rich flavors piping hot.
Got to get back to this place.Glad to see somewhere open late. Very gritty though it's very representative of Philadelphia. I find the cigarette machine, the old video game, and the graffiti in the front funny and charming.
They only take cash but that wasn't a surprise to me, it's like NY in that sense in Philadelphia. This place has a great location right by Rittenhouse Square and all the hotels on 17th St. 
The waitress was very nice. I like gritty charming places, yet not where my food is cooked. Not exactly the most clean place. Dishes were just sitting around. A lady, i think a waitress, behind where the food was cooked, was shaking her boobs and laughing with a cigarette in her hand. 
This place and the neighborhood at night is like an old movie set in a grimy city. It's funny. The seedy gay man in corner holding a menu peering up at me with a really strange look on his face. There was also a homeless man sitting in here. I didn't like the itchy feeling after I left with the flies in the air.
Cheesteak was pretty good and the coconut custard was good.If you are looking for a diner-like place, this is OK.  It is cute and small.  I had  breakfast.  The pancakes were bad.  The eggs (over medium) were fine.  The maple syrup was not real.
If the place were dirt-cheap, I might feel different.  But its not....So I learned what scrapple was and as a New Yorker I don't think I want that but this was a very cute old school comfortable diner in the heart of Philadelphia!This is a standard diner in every way. You can order everything from omelettes to meat loaf to chocolate pudding, and you'll get your order taken by a waitress who has crinkly skin and will probably call you hon. I usually get a breakfast or a sandwich, and it's always the right balance of grease, sodium, and cheese. For all of that, it's about what you'd expect to pay at a diner. You pay a little and get a lot.
Cash only, and be warned that at 2am there will be a line down the block to get in.I moved to Rittenhouse a couple years ago and found this gem after a long night out. Awesome dinner specials. AMAZING fried chicken!!!The kitchen was closed at my hotel and they steered me here... One delicious Reuben later, I want to come back.Visiting from NYC with bf and best friend.
Only stopped in here because it was one of the few places actually open when we decided it was time to eat.
The staff & many of the customers looked like total wrecks, but at least the waitress was pleasant the 2 times she stopped at our table (to take order & then to drop it off).  
We were highly amused and one of us snuck cellphone pix of a few of the trainwreck customers.
Oh - the food. Riiight.  My cheeseburger was good.  My bf said his was too dry and my best friend really enjoyed his crabcake.
So overall I'd recommend stopping by for an excellent crabcake, a decent burger & lotsa laughs at the other patrons etc - if you're into that sorta thing.jsut got back from closing the spectrum. stayed at hotel across the street and ate here thrice. aside from waiting to get in the place, and the extremely small size; this place is great.  they know how to get you in and out, and your belly full with good food, quickly.  i only had the same breakfast 3 times, but i can tell you that it was on point! staff is great and know wtf they're doing. hope i get back here sometime in the future.Visiting from out of town and was told by my hotel to come here for a good late night meal. All I can say is TERRIBLE service. Our server Veronica was unattentive and forgetful. She forgot our drinks and bread initially when it was the first thing we ordered . We were ignored after that except when she came back to ask us details about our order that she forgot to ask initially. Then we finally saw her again after we got our food and politely reminded her that she forgot our drinks and bread. She then brought my soda and STILL forgot my fiancés coffee after she pretended it took so long because she was brewing a fresh pot. It also still ended up on our bill and we had to ask her to remove it. We got our bread after our food came and didn't even really want it by then. Meanwhile we were one if only two tables in the restaurant and there were three people working. She made no apologies and actually had an attitude with us. Making a snotty comment about my fiancé not eating the bread he ordered, but she brought it after we already got our food. She also literally took his plate of French fries away while he was still eating them after she dropped the check. The service was so bad it ruined our moods.Went here super late after drinking one night.  Everyone rants and raves about it so I think I came in with extremely high expectations.  I didn't think the belgian waffle and burger were that much better than Midtown.  This place will serve you well if you're starving late at night though!OMG - Thank the LORD I did not go to use the bathroom at LP's until AFTER we had already eaten (and enjoyed) or dinner.
To get to the bathroom you walk through the kitchen and it is so GROSS.  I could not even go in there.  The stentch of the "disinfectant" mixed with urine was too much to bear.
Before this, however I should mention that I had eaten at LP's about 3 prior times and all were fine.  The food was decent, cheap, typical diner grub.  I was even impressed that the iceberg-based tossed salad was fresh and crisp.
Nice servers, too.
But that bathroom downgraded a 3 star experience to a disgusting big fat ZERO.Little Pete's is one of the best things I have ever laid mouth on. Ever. (What?)
It's HELLA cheap and will feed you for 3 days. I'm not even kidding. They have different specials all the time, that's the way to go. I love the Stuffed Chicken Breast, Chicken Croquettes (regular menu), and basically anything else.
A special includes a soup or salad, 2 sides, whatever entree you get, dessert, and a drink. For what, like $10? Run and tell McDonalds about that.
PLEASE DON'T CLOSE LITTLE PETE'S!I give this place two stars because of the not-so-good service, run down location, and all that Jazz. BUT, it IS a cheap diner, and it is a great choice for a cheap dinner. 
I recommend the philli cheese-steak hoggie. it's a good place to order from on late night - they deliver. 
Customers tend to be an older crown, who have probably been going there for years for their eggs and coffee. There are also a handful of students looking for a good deal or that "fourth meal" (But better than Taco Bell)
Two stars, but a good place to pick up a cheap breakfast or sandwich in Center City if your not looking for anything classy.Every now and then, you just have to sit in a diner at 2am on a Saturday night to see what kind of life forms you get to share the counter with.  Hell, cracking jokes with the drunks is more interesting than the food sometimes.  
I am a fan of their food.  I highly recommend the Texas Tommy.  A slice of apple pie and decaf coffee also hit the spot.  It wound up being the perfect combination. 
Among the dishes I noticed around me, I did drool at the Little Pete's special, which appeared to be a version of the reuben.  I also drooled at the creamed chipped beef which someone was devouring.  I did notice some burnt toast with someone's omelet though.  I guess quality control can't be perfect at 2am.  
Watching the drunk married guy on a night out on the town without his wife flirt with the women next to him at the counter was priceless though.it's a bit pricey for a diner with a very working class kinda feel, the menu has pretty standard diner fare, food was OK nothing exciting.. but they are open at night and a short walk from several bars so convenient for that purpose. service was good.This is a cute little diner.  They have breakfast 24/7 and every day there's a mimeographed specials menu with the day's recommendations.  It is CASH ONLY, but there's an ATM just outside.  It was a great place to hang out when I was stuck in Philly on business.  The coffee didn't even suck.It was only my second time in Philadelphia checking out the city before I move there in June.  I was craving pancakes and eggs for lunch, which was actually hard to find where I was in Center City.
Little Pete's was perfect for that!  It was exactly the small diner I was hoping for.  I ordered pancakes with two eggs and homefries, and my boyfriend ordered the turkey cheeseburger and fries.
My plate of pancakes came with 3 good sized pancakes that were fluffy and really hit the spot.  The homefries were only okay.  The waitress/cooks were really nice to make my two eggs two different ways because we mentioned that my boyfriend like them over easy and I liked them scrambled.  
My boyfriend liked his burger (he's normally a beef eater, but he said the burger was tasty for a turkey burger!) and demolished his fries.
Overall, the food was fine, but nothing spectacular.  I would definitely come back, though, when I'm craving breakfast foods at strange times of the day!  Remember it's cash only!vote for your most Pleasant cashier Ronnie tell John the boss you would love to have her back. She only needs a couple days a week. Please !Wanting breakfast at 1pm lured J. and me to Little Pete's after hitting the PCI Branch Library off of Rittenhouse. I haven't been to LP's in years, and I wasn't sure I wanted to taint my young-adulthood memories of hitting the place after last call at the 247 with a current reality that might miss the mark.  The place is still good and gets an extra star for its timelessness.
The place is tiny, so we ended up at the counter.  My waffles and ham were Standard Diner Good, as was J.'s omelet and sausages.  Service was quick despite some menu indecision on my companion's part, and the banter was peppered with "Huns".
My Brit companion commented that the tea cup was actually tea-cup sized, an oddity in the "Supersize everything!" Colonies.  Honestly, the dish ware looked old enough to be from the Revolution!  That's part of the charm though since LP's is Americana trapped in amber.oh, this place was just gross.  first grilled cheese sandwich EVER that i could not eat.  they get 1 extra star for the entertainment, though.  fed my food to my extremely drunk counter neighbor who lapped it up, while watching one person at a fourtop completely pass out while his friends mutilated his face with markers.  it's terrible but i guess it is entertaining. 
oh, and the people at the other location were plain rude.  we stood there for a few minutes looking confused while they laughed at us for thinking they served food at that hour.  yeah, laugh it up, jerks.This place saved my life after a long night of Drexel Grad Work. Perfect burger, a huge pile of fries, and quick delivery! 
Don't know if Little Pete is real or not, but I would shake his hand or maybe hug him!Place definitely has diner vibe written on it. Went here during the Philly marathon just blocks away from the Art Museum. After running 7 miles myself parallel to the big race, I was pretty hungry.  While waiting for friends to get done, a buddy of mine and I trekked 0.1 miles to this place. Sat down immediately upon entering and had our order taken within 5-7 minutes which was relatively quick on a jammed Sunday morning. I ordered the onions, peppers and cheese omelette with home fries, white toast and jam, and got sausage from my omelette on the side instead, followed with OJ. OJ was from concentrate, and not fresh, at least REAL orange juice, so boo to that. I housed the omelette and home fries and toast, I ate one sausage link out of five. Not that the sausage was bad, but was just tryin to minimize the damage, after I ate a hearty breakfast.
Overall food quality -Breakfast here was alright. It hit the spot for sure, but nothing spectacular to be honest. The waitress did ask if we were ok while eating, but it had to have been 30 minutes after that to see her the next time. She didn't seem happy, but she wasn't lollygagging either. She was constantly on-the-go on a busy Sunday morning. We got our check finally, paid up front and headed back to the marathon finish line to meet up with friends. Despite the slow service, If I ever was back to the Fairmount area I'd give this place another try.LITTLE PETE'S
A Haiku
--
Came at 3 a.m.
Costco-sized portions... and the
Best french fries ever madeLittle Pete's is pretty much the only place in Center City to eat after 11pm so it's crucial to know about it! The food is decent diner fare: burgers are ok, fries are good, chicken parm looks mega tasty and the milkshakes are delicious. You can sit round the counter or in a booth and relish the slightly tatty surroundings. The staff are extremely friendly, efficient, and often hilarious. Food comes quickly and your glass of water is never not full!The closest I've come to the NY diners I grew up eating in.  Gooey grilled cheese.  Fries.  A pickle.  How can you go wrong with any of that...you can't. The counter is the place to sit. Service is quick, friendly.  No pretense, nothing fancy.  Good food, good atmosphere.  Eating here makes me feel like I'm home in NY again...This is my favorite spot for breakfast in Philadelphia. There are definitely fancier places with more creative food and more posh decor. But Little Pete's has consistently good breakfasts at super bargain prices... and there's always an eclectic mix of diners. 
I happen to love the eggs and ham. I get that every time. In fact, even when I don't get there for breakfast, I think about going there. It would cost me more to have eggs and ham at home than it costs to go there. And... no cooking... no dishes... how often can you say that? 
My perfect breakfast is at Little Pete's. It's not a scene... or even a see and be seen... it's just so great that EVERYONE goes there. You should too.Awesome breakfast. From NY here in philly on a short getaway. So happy to find this little place for a great hangover breakfast.This establishment does NOT care for the community it resides in.  Today, Saturday, 3/20/2010, they started heavy construction at 7AM in the morning with heavy banging and drilling, with no consideration for its neighbors.  I live in the building right across the street.  My weekend is RUINED by all the noise and commotion.  There are 400+ residents living across the street in the apartment buildings and hotel.  Everyone's weekend is ruined by Little Pete's selfish behavior.  I phone in to reach a resolution but they were unapologetic and denied responsibility.  The neighborhood ought to boycott all future business with Little Pete's.Food is awesome & the staff is friendly & cool... and they are open 24hrs... which is awesomeReal small 'hole in the wall' type place.  Bonus, it's open 24-hours!  I ordered breakfast foods because it was pretty early.  I ordered the daily special omelette.  The home fries didn't really have any flavor, even after putting salt and pepper on it.  The omelette was good, though.  The service people are really receptive to your needs and really pay attention.  I'll have to try the fried salami the next time I'm in the area.This was really close to the Warwick, where we were staying. We had gone to a concert at the bank center and had already had a few drinks after the concert and wanted to get a quick bite to eat.
We found this little gem on our way back to the hotel.  It was exactly what we were looking for.  Diner food and they are open 24 hours.  It was 1am and the place was packed.
Just wanted something small, so I ordered the hash browns and Rye toast and BF ordered pizza burger.  Both were good.  Service was fast and friendly.  Great find for a late night meal.I used to go to Little Pete's for lunch by myself all the time. It's got the kind of counter you probably envision when you think of a diner. Same goes for the no-nonsense staff and charming "vintage" decor.
Last Saturday however, I went to Little Pete's twice- once for a sober supper, and much much later for a very drunken snack. Typical diner fare, nothing fancy here. A burger is a burger and same goes for the turkey club. The vanilla milkshake was a great idea at 3am. Delicious!
Little Pete's is pretty perfect- for a quick lunch alone, a cheap dinner, or a late night mistake of a meal. That's why I have and will continue to frequent this place for years.CASH ONLY!!
Fun, quirky little restaurant. It is not fancy at all. But had good food; and lots of it. Service was much better than at the higher end restaurants.
If you're not looking for "flash" this is the place to go.Little Pete's is a 24-h diner.  If you accept it for what it is then your experience will be a good one.  I went here on a Sunday morning for breakfast.  As a single individual I was offered a bar stool seat.  You must have a party of two or more if you want a table.  The breakfast menu consists of omelet egg dishes and pancake/waffles.  It will cost you $1 extra for eggwhites but don't imagine for a second that opting for eggwhites means your dish will be any healthier or lower in calories.  The folks here live breathe and bath in butter.  They even tell you on the menu that your toast will be buttered (this was the only area in which I was accomodated - I requested dry toast and this did not cost me anything).  All egg dishes come with homefries which are butter-based.  They are good about providing you with refills of coffee.  They are also good about giving you a glass of water. You pay at the front.  They accept CASH ONLY folks!.  Price is a bit much for a diner:  I paid $8.95 for my eggs and $1.40 for my coffee.  That said I ate at IHOP the day before my visit to Pete's and paid $7.99 for a FIT combo (much healthier) and $2.09 for coffee.  Service is quick, friendly, and efficient.This is the place you end up after a night of drinking because you need food in the belly and nothing else is open. It's bright; really, really bright, but maybe that's just me. 
The food and service are always hit or miss, but you can be sure all your diner favorites are just waiting to be consumed here. The pancakes are my favorite, because syrup makes everything better.
As far as the bathroom goes, oh yeah - don't even think about it. You'll never look at diner food the same way again.I found this place one night when I was staying in Philly, and I LOVE it. It's an old-school diner straight out of Nighthawks, and it serves all of the diner staples. I am crazy about their french fries... they are steak fries!! I can never find steak fries! Every time I've been here, the service has been quick, and my food has been delicious! I stop here every time I'm in Philadelphia overnight. (On my birthday, I even went TWICE!) It is cash only, so keep that in mind!It's exactly what it's supposed to be. It's small, it's greasy, the servers are annoyed with your big party sitting across their entire u-shaped bar...and it's just wayy too early.
The portions are huge. The food is delicious. The price is right for being a diner in center city. The coffee is plentiful. And the crowd watching is the best.The food is pretty average...not exceptional, but not horrible...just that gray area in between.  Service is pretty quick & friendly though.  The décor made me feel like I was walking back in time to the 70s with dark paneling on the walls and hardened waitresses who have been doing this kind of work all their life.  The only thing modern about this place was the music being played in the background. Little Pete's is the type of restaurant that attracts the "older" crowd during the day and the young kids after the bars close. They have a huge counter or you can sit in a booth (as long as you have a companion).  they did have a funny sign posted that read: "Booths are for couples only.  If you are single, this doesn't mean you have to get married, just bring a friend with you."  All in all, I would recommend this place for a decent quick breakfast or lunch.this place is so great. you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the restroom.
there's a rad counter you can sit at. i'm pretty sure they're open 24 hours.
but most importantly - their vegan steak sandwich is BETTER and LESS EXPENSIVE than any other i've had in the city. yes, better than blackbird, govinda's, etc. why? 1. they use the right bread and 2. they cook it in the same fashion as a regular steak sandwich, only using veggie meat. no fancification. just pure, philly vegan steak sandwich goodness. yeah!
credentials: born-and-raised philadelphian, vegan/vegetarian 15 years. tried them all in this city.We were staying at the hotel across the street. 
Decided to stop here for breakfast.
The place is small. 
It's open 24/7.
Don't go here expecting fancy omelette a and eggs Benedict. 
You want pancakes? Home fries? Couple of fried eggs? You want them cheap and fast? 
This is where you come. Simple and good.Good food with a local diner feel, tremendous.  Other than the cleanliness, which needs attention, seriously, the place is what it is.  Not a 5 star joint by any means but at least try the delivery.Little Pete's is exactly what you imagine it to be when you think of a neighborhood coffee shop.  The service was warm and friendly, the coffee hot and just strong enough to put a smile on your face and warm the cold spots from being outside.  The food isn't gourmet, but you wouldn't choose to dine here if that's what you are looking for!  The servings were very generous, and although there were people waiting to be seated, you never felt like you were being rushed through your meal.I love Little Pete's.  It's a diner, a coffee shop, a luncheonette, if you will, and it's a time-warp with the decor in there, which is probably the same as it was 40 years ago.  One of my favorite weekend activities could be going to LP's and sitting at the counter with my omelette, coffee and paper.  It's just therapeutic for me. ;)
It's not the food here that keeps me coming back, but the neighborhoody, down-home feeling.  It's just fine for burgers and breakfast, eggs, etc. are good.  The perfect cure for your Sunday morning hangover.First, it's a diner. If you were expecting gourmet food and atmosphere, go somewhere else ... and step into oncoming traffic on the way. They're open 24 hours, and they deliver. That's all that matters. If it's 4am, you're drunk, you just got home, and decide you want waffles, Little Pete's will make it happen. 
It's not great, but it's good enough. Just like every other diner in the world.Little Pete's gets props for being a 24 hour diner in the heart of Center City.  It's open when you need it to be open!
The menu is huge, the food is okay to decent, and the service is friendly enough.  As regards the food - the simpler, the tastier.  Soups, salads, omelets, sandwiches I find are generally better than the multi-coursed platters.  But to be honest, it's not gourmet cooking....though they often can def hit the spot with some dish.  Best thing I had last evening was their Manhattan clam chowder...def tasty.
Again -  the most important thing to know about Little Pete's:  It is right in the middle of the city and breakfast, lunch, and dinner are served ALL day and ALL night!I went here after a night of drinking, expecting normal diner food. We were seated and waited 30 minutes for our drink orders. After 20 minutes of sitting and waiting for our drinks, we lost patience and left. Also, this is my first experience of having to walk through the kitchen to use the bathroom. Grossest kitchen i've ever seen.This place is a Philadelphia institution.  It blows away the other diners you'll find open in worse locations late night.  It's solid diner food, but that's not the charm. The waitress working behind the counter has been there since I first stumbled into this city two decades ago. I can't tell you how many times I've been here at 3am and have had people who have just arrived in the city strike up a conversation with me.  They ask where to live, if I know any apartments, etc.  They're excited, and this place is kind of a gateway.  It was for me as well.  Those first nights I ventured out here often ended at Little Pete's.  This place is special.
I read today Little Pete's will be torn down to pave way for another useless "boutique" hotel.  I guess they failed to notice there's an actual luxury hotel across the street, with an ice machine on every floor, that doesn't have to bait out of towners with pungent, free, Australian wine in the lobby every afternoon.
A huge thanks to Kenyatta Johnson for making this happen.  I'm sure he got many dinners at higher class establishments working out this deal. I'll be visiting here as much as possible until the wrecking ball hits, and bringing my kids with me. This is an integral piece of the Philadelphia I once knew.  It's slipping away;  and it's not getting classier, perhaps seedier. It's also the failsafe that made Rittenhouse a neighborhood.  We can try to fight it, but we know how that goes down around here.  Farewell old friend...You know, its 8am on a Saturday morning and none of the fancy brunch places were open yet, so Little Pete's did the job for morning hangover breakfast.
The good... so we sat at the counter, quick service, coffee came out in seconds, and breakfast in minutes.  I just got a omelette and hashbrowns.  Hit the spot.  Maybe it's just me, but I thought the interior had some potential... brick wall, large beams on the ceiling, just a change of the green counter and other green accents, I think it could really be a nicer place.
The bad... cash only.  I admit, I almost didn't want to go because it was called Little Pete's, but hey, who am I to judge.I haven't been to little pete's since 1998, when my son was born and I was working at TUCC building, which was at the time at 1616 Walnut Street.  Late night hunger I brought him back at age 17!!!   It was empty but it was late on a Sunday.  We ordered 3 Cheeseburger/burger platters with fries and cole slaw.   AWESOME   burger was cooked to perfection and Bread was fresh and Fries great!  Hot all the way home.  A lot of food for a great price, we could have did with 1 order of fries.   We will definately be back.
Only downside:  They are cash only.We were regulars.  Reuben, reuben, reuben . . . And the look of the place (the one on Locust) is adorable. 
24 hours a day of great service and fine food. 
They've recovered the booth and stool upholstery in retro fabrics. Not awful, but change is hard. And now we share a reuben. How can a restaurant make such a consistently perfect sandwich for so many years? Genius.Fantastic after hours diner! Went there several nights/mornings post/during drunkenness....great food...waffles, pancakes, omlettes, bacon, coffee....you name it, its good! Open 24 hours a day...puts IHop to shame and waffle house too. Cash only but thats the only negative...This was my first time at the diner and I have to say I expected better.  The place itself is a little dingy and the customer service is lacking.  The food is not great, but it'll do in a pinch when everything else is closed in the area.  Though if you can walk a little ways further it would be better to go to one of the other diners or restaurants around.  If you don't know where they are, check yelp, you'll find them.A nice man in the Bellevue Shops told me about this place, he said it's where all the locals go for breakfast.  And he was right, when I got there, there was a line.  I was about to leave, but an employee rushed up and told me there would only be about a 5 minute wait and he was right.  This is a dumpy little diner, "get it, eat and get out" kinda place.  I liked it.  I got to eat at the counter, oh yippee!  Anyway, the food is good and the food is plentiful.  After I got done eating, you couldn't tell that I had started.I went there the other day and got 3 items. Onion rings that were so burnt the onion was pretty much exposed out of the coating, bacon egg and cheese which came on a stale bagel which was supposed to be toasted and chicken fingers that were not fully cooked. They were busy, it was later in the evening however as a sober patron that got take out during there "Drunk late night crowd" i was disappointed. However it was open late and the staff was nice the food was terrible.Nothing amazing but a solid old timey diner with great coffee and a nice place to grab some breakfast if you're in the area.We had French Toast, a donut and a western omelet. Good coffee.
Very typical diner. Awesome grumpy Philly waitress. 
It is nice to have a cheap diner in our neighborhood amongst all the expensive places to eat. 
I like greasy spoons and this exactly what you get. 
Foodies need not bother.This is a good diner. It's convenient to most center city locations. The food is rather average when compared to other center city restaurants which may not be a fair assessment. Compared to other diners it's above average. The staff is friendly and the joint is clean. The decor is old but kind of cool. It's small and there is a wait during peak times. This is a great place to go for breakfast. My one complaint is that they don't take cards and there is no notice of that except for a small sign ON the cash register. That's just poor customer service in this day and age. But I will go back. I'll just make sure I have cash.Grilled cheese sandwich at 2am mmm. 
Classic american diner feel.Why does everything taste better at 2 a.m.? Little Pete's is the lifesaver you through to yourself after jumping into the deep end filled with gin. Timeless décor and great prices make this an anytime go to. Pancakes are great at 2 a.m...it is technically morning after all.We are regulars.  We like the wait staff, the characters, the waffles, french toast and the two eggs over easy with onions in the home fries and rye toast dry.   Give it a try. It's good food if you're looking for breakfast or an inexpensive meal.They delivered to my hotel and the food was yummy! Cheesesteak had my Philly born boyfriends approval and milkshake was rich and the perfect thickness. Order here for a late night snack.Little Pete's is good for so many things - late night food (24 hours), weekend morning breakfast, and anytime you are craving diner food. 
I like the atmosphere, and its close. Nothing could be better.This spot was close to our hotel and based on the positive reviews my husband and I decided to try it.  This is a no frills dining experience but the staff is friendly and the food was excellent.  We had to wait about 10min before being seated but our food arrived quickly.  It would be nice if they entered the 21st century and accepted credit/debit cards.  Other than that it's one of the best diners we've been to.This place is "as good as it gets" for a late night bite. Prices are good. I usually get either a western omelette or eggs over easy and they never disappoint. Pancakes are good. Last time, my husband had the monte cristo, which is small, but delicious. While I can't say I've ever been here without a hearty buzz, I really enjoy it. It's such a shame that they're closing. :(Total dive! We eat here  because they are open 24 hours, and where else can you get food at 4:00 in the morning?   It was good enough, pretty typical diner fare. Most impressive about this Diner was the quick service. Cash only!In case you are curious... no, they do not know how to prepare eggs benedict. Most diner type joints don't so it's not a shock, but no.
Everything else was great,  including the service.Awesome. From the pita to the breakfast to the crab burger and amazing steak fries. A diamond in the rough.I can honestly say I have zero understanding of the negative reviews posted here. Stopped here on the way to work at 415a. The waitresses were friendly and attentive. The food came out exactly as ordered and was hot and fresh. Thank you and I will return. Ps - loved the pancakes.How to sum up my late night experience at Little Pete's....? If you're stopping in after midnight, you're bound to find an eclectic crowd of party kids, club goers, wanna-be socialites, and anyone else who has been drinking since sundown. You will probably be called "Hun" by the waitstaff. They have an actual cigarette machine. Great vanilla milkshake but the huge, starchy steak fries leave a lot to be desired. Cash only.Little Pete's, like most diners, has reliably cheap, greasy food.  The difference between Little Pete's and other diners, though, is... I don't know, the bathroom?  The bathroom is weird.  And it's in the kitchen.
Anyway, I do love this place, and I have for a long time.  My history with Little Pete's involves hours of Seinfeld-esque banter with friends during my pre-21 days (I even used to get the big salad!), daily breakfast of coffee and oatmeal for $2 through the summer of '04, late night take out to be eaten across the street at The Post (RIP) during much of '05, and now that I live on the other side of town, my visits to Little Pete's are less frequent, but always enjoyed and full of memories.  
I love the waitress with the brown hair and the big pink glasses.  I think she's the prettiest, nicest lady I know.  And I have a lot of respect for their late night staff, because I know it must be just impossible to tolerate Rittenhouse drunks all the time.  
I have a special place in my heart for Little Pete's.  Apparently, so does Mayor Nutter..!Perfect greasy spoon, diner kind of place.  Service was very nice and food was quite tasty.  Menu is very extensive so there is something for everyone.Used to love it.  But sadly the folks here got my order wrong two times in a row (two separate occasions) , and once I was forced to pay for what I did not order.  That's not all... b/c as of late it has poor service overall!! Lil' Pete's was much better months/years back.  Great establishment that is losing (or lost) what made it good.  :(  Go to Midtown Diner Nearby instead.  Much better food, faster (correct) service, and a better experience.Couldn't be better. Wouldn't be a good trip to Philadelphia without a visit here. Decor from the Way Back Machine, ecclectic clientele, great waitress and delicious food.We read the reviews and dropped in for late breakfast on Saturday morning. I had hot cakes and sausage, my husband had nova lox omelette and bagel. Good hearty food, well priced for centre of town, and reasonable and often-refilled coffee (we are European and are not keen on weak American coffee). Every seat in the house was taken with more arriving every minute but we got a table quickly. Relaxed atmosphere. Good old school independent place - our type of thing completely. Will be back for more.Little diner in the heart of Philly! We loved this place, traditional diner food was fast, service was GREAT, food was good. I had a interesting plated eggs benedict it was in a small iron skillet and was a healthy amount! Everyone was so nice and helpful!!Yummy late night food open 24 hours!
It was even open during a massive snowstorm, so they really mean it. 
We had the mozzarella sticks (3/5 stars) and chicken fingers and fries (3/5), they were what you'd expect from a diner and exactly what we needed after a night out. My hot chocolate was probably the best part, topped with whipped cream and scrumptious. 
We sat at the counter and our waitress was very attentive and smiled, I was just waiting for her to call me "dollface" and offer me some pie.Great food! I'm so glad my family decided to come here for dinner. The service was incredible, thought the diner needs some updating, I was very happy with my delicious dinner! Definitely recommend this place for a quick stop or a long dinner! By the way, this incredible place serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner!Why this place will eventually will be torn down for some new, non-descript hotel I'll never know. 
It's your typical diner - with typical diner food. If you are going the Whole30 route, you may want to skip it. Lots of familiar faces whether you are going at 2a or 2p. 
Check it out. 
Cash only.Breakfast Sandwich (Pete's Special) with generous slices of Ham, Eggs, and Cheese. Yum with Coffee was $4.57 Total! Fast Service. Cash Only! Open 24 Hours.  Really didn't look at Menu as I relied on someone Else's recommendation.Open 24 hours. a nice old looking place. pretty small. packed on a saturday around midnite. prices are pretty good. service was surprisingly quick considering the number of people there. scrapple was a bit soft but everything else was fine. seems like people come here to be seen.Tonight is the last night for Little Pete's and many of us will be sad to see it go. :( Little Pete's is kind of an institution in Philly! Great times will never be forgotten and late night cravings after a long night out at the clubs, for so many years will never be the same. Always and forever XOXOXI ordered the salami omelette... It tastes like  hotdogs instead of salami, I did not like it-Nor did I like the home fries. Coffee was good and the service was okay. One major downfall is it's cash only!My first time at Little Pete's, I had just turned 21 years old, and I puked in front of the place and went back for more scrapple. 
I think the place is a bit small to be comfortable and I do NOT like the location of the bathroom.  It makes me scared for the sanitary conditions of my food, but it is a diner.
It's diner food, and Frank R. AND the Mayor hang there so that's worth a bit more.Cute place for a quick breakfast and I really enjoyed their coffee (no bitterness at all). I had standard eggs, toast, etc. food, but I still enjoyed it. Nice relaxed environment. Very attentive staff. Will try to be more adventurous next time and order something more fun!***disclaimer to this review - I was in here 3 nights in the span of a week (on trip for work) and was inebriated all three time, so this is probably a warped view of the place.***
Getting back late at night and everywhere is closed... where do you go?? Little Pete's!!! It's a cash only cafe right across from the hotel I was staying at. Cute little diner with very reasonable prices. 
The server Ashley was the best! She was so friendly and dealt with our drunken banter perfectly. Over the numerous time I was here, I ended up trying the Philly Cheese steak and the monte cristo. The cheese steak was pretty decent. The monte cristo was AMAZING! who'd have thought to make a sandwich out of french toast and then drizzle syrup all over it?!!?!? fantastic.
Highly recommend this place if you get back late and are hankering for something to eat!Best tasting vanilla ice cream waffle and fluffy mushroom omelettes. Came back multiple times to order them and it was worth it every single time.Great little place with nostagalic charm.  Counter seating if you choose.  We went for breakfast and enjoyed our meal.  Good selection and good prices.  Will return on our next trip to Philly.
What I was impressed by was they DID NOT charge for a second cup of tea and did not just bring more water for my used tea bags like many other places.  They offer coffee drinkers refills but what about tea drinkers.  This was great customer sevice.  I hope all tea drinkers make note of this when ordering tea.  I get furious when I order a large tea, if I don't ask for a second tea bag they are actually charging you for a larger cup and HOT WATER.  
Note:  Cash onlyGood breakfast. It's exactly what you think it is. no frills but fills you up. Cash only24 hour diner food in Center City. For this fare, it is as good as it gets. Hot ( or appropriately cold) diner food, well made. Nothing better at 3 AM.uggh this goes w/ midtown review in fact im cut and pasting my midtown review :my biggest complaint about Philadelphia besides the insane murder count is the lack of quality late night diners. Exhibit A in my case- Midtown- is a sorry excuse of a diner that somehow manages to have a few establishments throughout our fair city.  Service is OK but the food is comparable to a high school cafeteria. Michael Nutter should pass a law requiring Honey's to open 24 hour locations throughout Philadelphia
-little pete's is the only place in the rittenhouse area to grab food after 2am.The food was good. I had a Philly Cheese Chicken and cheese fries (I did so much walking at made in America, I earned it lol). 
The sandwich looked incredible, I just felt it lacked a great deal of flavor. The cheese on the fries had no flavor whatsoever. It was weird. The meal was honestly comparable to something you'd get from Denny's, the service also. I might eat here again if there were no other options, but since I know that there are, I probably won't.Ok Yelpers, I tryed this place because most of you said that it soooooo good.
Not true.  We sat down to a table that was soaking wet. I had to watch it air dry. The food and service was not good. Sorry, I really tryed to like this place.My friends and I were originally going to go to another breakfast place but it was closed on Sunday's. So we decided to find another place and this place came up. Glad it did! The food is so good! It reminded of this place I went to in San Francisco, small restaurant but good food. 
I ordered a Spinach Omelette and added ham, tomato, and cheddar cheese. It tasted perfect! The home fries were really good as well. It really hit the spot. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.i wish i lived near little pete's when i got my wisdom teeth yanked, because i would have gotten one of their chocolate milkshakes for every meal as long as i could get away with it. they even serve them with the silver shaker thing, which is a rare and beautiful thing these days. 
cash only is a bummer because i never have more than like, .80 in cash money on me at any given time but i realize that is not little pete's problem so whatev.The fries there are second to none. I don't know why...but as a substitute for home fries with breakfast....PERFECT.Omelet with spinach, feta and Swiss.....yummy yummy. cute place with pleasant and fast service. Lots of variety and plenty of options to choose from.
Back to the omelet.....this was one of the best breakfasts I've hadThe Eggs Benedict is the best I've ever had! This 24 hour diner is very tiny, so it can get pretty packed around 2am when bars start closing! I've seen really long lines here, but I've been 3 times, and never waited longer than 15 minutes. The service is fast and efficient! They always keep your water full. It's cash only (a personal pet peeve) - but a savior at 4am when there's nowhere else to go and you are starving! Delicious food, fun people watching, and fairly priced :) A Philadelphia classic!This is my favorite diner in Philadelphia. Cash only (ATM in and out $2.25 charge). The food is great, portion sizes great and the staff are friendly. Great, authentic diner.A rittenhouse institution, do not expect anything fancy (or even clean?) from this dirty diner...but the food keeps you coming back for more. The no-frills menu gives you eggs the way you want them and they've got scrapple down...
a great place to recover after a long night out on the town...Good for a late night diner. THE ONLY place that made my sunnyside eggs exactly how I like them--crispy edges on the white while the yolk still runny. Most places make it a pile of jello. 
Prices are a little on the more expensive end, but it is in the city. I'd rather pay less than $7 for an omelette, not $9.50. Most items are ~$10-15.
My friends got the chicken parm and monte cristo which I tried, both were really good. 
It's a cute little place.This place is a lifesaver.  It deserves an extra 1 star for being able to order food at 12am midnight for delivery to my hotel room. After some hunting I found this place which is 24-7. The food is classic diner food so I got the 1/2 roasted chicken with 2 sides; since it came with soup or salad I got  the homemade soup of the day as I was going to order that side anyway. $11.25
It was all delicious, especially the soup on this cold East coast evening. The chicken was surprisingly under-seasoned and needed a good sprinkling of salt and pepper. Better that than it being too salty which is typical of American restaurants. Delivery was $0.50?!
Perfect place for delivery. Not sure how the restaurant is itself. Would order from here again.I was hanging out with some friends for Cinco de Mayo a few days ago and they decided to go to Stir (a gay/lesbian bar down the alley across from Little Pete's). It was pushing 8pm and I hadn't had dinner yet. I do not function well on an empty stomach. One of the girls assured me that I'd be able to get some grub when we get to the bar. I keep myself together to make the walk to the bar, excited to fill my tummy.
Guess what... the gays don't eat.
There's no freaking food at Stir.
Thankfully, I remember passing Little Pete's on our walk there, so I decided to give it a try. I was about ready to eat my own arm. I scramble in and ordered a cheeseburger with fries. The staff was friendly and the food was prepared quickly (thank God). The burger was juicy and tender, cooked perfectly. The steak fries were very crispy on the outside. Flimsy steak fries are the worst. I inhaled my meal in approximately 2 minutes. LP's saved the day and I was thoroughly satisfied with my meal. 
I'll definitely be back for a second visit!Not a bad place for breakfast at all! Their omelettes are pretty decent - served with toast and home fries. I get a short stack of buttermilk pancakes which means 2 pretty large pancakes. The pancakes are actually pretty good! No complaints about the food. It is decently priced as well for a Center City restaurant. Cash only can be a pain though.We were visiting Philadelphia and we were looking for breakfast.  Service was fast and friendly. Food looked appealing and tasted great. Small place but cozy.  Cash only but ATM inside.This place is awesome & I love it. 
Was looking for a good breakfast spot in center city that's not expensive artisan food or a corner store deli... Great food, not pricey, didn't have to ask for a refill on coffee or water once. Super friendly, attentive, team working staff. What a cool diner, if I lived in the area, I'd be there all the time. This place is everything you want in a good diner.Stopped in for breakfast a few weeks ago. I had sausage and eggs, the boyfriend had 3 eggs and bacon. Decent food, nice staff, cozy spot. The coffee was good too. Seems like a reliable place for breakfast/brunch and coffee.Hands down, my favorite place to eat and photograph in Philadelphia [and yes, at the same time]. I really dig this place. It's got character as well as characters. It's got grit. But most important, it's got turkey sausage!! Yes, as a Muslim who's a fan of diners, some times it's hard to come by one that has non-pork choices for breakfast meat.
Staff is courteous and speaking Spanish, I get first-rate service from the Mexican workers there [who are really nice people]. Breakfast is good - they really know what "scrambled soft" means. And the dinner specials are great, too. Downside? Maybe parking. But then again, SEPTA does a great job of getting one in the mood for Little Pete's.I love Little Pete's! They're open 24 hrs, food is good, prices are right, and they deliver. What more can you ask for?!?!If you are looking for an old fashioned no frills  breakfast this is your place. Great service.Little Pete's is the PERFECT place to end a fun night of drinking in Center City.  When heading home after closing down a bar, Little Pete's is like the answer to my drunk hungry prayers.  There's never a wait and the service has definitely improved over the last few years.  
Each time I order the chicken finger platter with ranch and hot sauce and it comes out perfect and exactly the same each time.  The conversations are loud and hysterical - so be prepared for interesting characters!Fastest meal I have ever received other than fast food.  Food was good and fresh and good service.  Was there at 2am as it is open 24 hrs and the place was full.  Will go back.In a city where finding a meal that is anything but sub-par is starting to seem imposable, this place convinced me to not give up hope yet.
It is a diner, done right, that's it.
cheap, fast, good food, with friendly service (well maybe that is not so diner-like but that's ok)Really cheap, drunk, diner food. My friend enjoyed her grilled cheese and my side of home fries were so filling and very good. bathrooms are in the back and kind of annoying to get to, since its basiclaly in the kitchen. CASH ONLY!This place was awesome. Don't let the name fool you, Little Pete's is big on flavor. Service was fabulous and our waitress was so sweet. I love that they make breakfast anytime. The spinach and feta omelette was to die for. Definitely an old time deli that brought back very fond childhood memories. I can't wait to go back there againLittle Pete's seems almost out of place in the ritzy Rittenhouse Square area, but sometimes, when you're on vacation, a diner is exactly what you need.
There is a huge neon takeout sign as soon as you walk in, as well as a full wrap around counter top.  The three of us sat in a booth, but if I ever came back, I'd definitely dine on the counter top.
I tried the Cheeseburger, which was very juicy but lacked flavor.  The coffee was really good though.As a tourist to Philly and if you are staying nearby, you go to Lil Pete's coz you want a quick, affordable, meal. Nothing fancy, not even remotely. I had basic eggs and toast with the home fries. Met my expectations and cost $5.20. Don't try and be fancy in your menu choice, you will likely be disappointed. But if you want to support small business owners in a diner style cafe with great service (seriously my coffee cup was always topped off efficiently) then come to Lil Pete's.I've been a semi-regular for about 4 years. It's exactly what you would expect from a diner: sometimes more, sometimes less. The food is always good (enough), so I am mostly referring to the service. I have never ordered anything outside of the breakfast menu, and I have never been disappointed!Always consistent and affordable.  Great that soup or salad and 2 vegetable and bread come with most entrees.  Different soup every day.  breakfast choices excellent.When my husband and I wandered into Little Pete's on a hazy Sunday morning we had no idea that this would be, by far, the most perfect place to have breakfast. A classic, gritty diner...full to the brim with equal parts locals and tourists. The best part, everyone is greeted like a regular...and, the service and food are spot-on.Was feeling under the weather and was looking to get some soup. A co-worker suggested Little Petes. I have eaten here a few times before, but haven't ate there in quite some time. So I was kind of skeptical about going there. Well my mind was not leading me wrong. I went there and got the chicken pasta soup and when I got back to my desk I realized that there was something on the top. 
At first I thought it was an herb from the soup but as I got a closer look it was a boogie!! WTF. Do not eat here. This diner looks like it belongs on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares.Little Pete's is a classics dinner convenient located in the heart of CC Philadelphia. Don't expect gourmet plate composition or fancy ingredients. Do expect classic dinner for done right. Perfect location for a late night snack.Great drunk food. Lol. If you're up late, love diner food, and live right around the corner, a delivery from LP is the way to go.This is a good spot to grab a bit of breakfast if you're in Center City. When I was there, I ordered sausage, eggs and home fries; while they weren't anything to write home about, they were good, and cheap....very cheap. Two of my friends and I ate there; we all ate full meals, for a combined $18.20. I liked the atmosphere, too. I would definitely go back.Went there for lunch today. It's a diner that located at rittenhouse square where all the expensive restaurants are. My friend and I sat at the counter, we were greeted immediately by a friendly lady. They have a big menu like other diners do, and the price is reasonable. I had the Reuben that was recommended by our server. it was ok. 
The three star is for service and price in such a nice location, but not for food.
And its cash only!Not sure if this is the same as Pete's on Fairmount, but more or less the same menu and genuine warm service. But i like the one of Fairmount way better.
Skipping details, couldn't stress enough how big the portions are and flavors are alright. Perfect cure to late night too-many-drinks-im-hungry-i-want-food-NOW ! My Fish and chips came with 3 big pieces and tonnes of fries and whatever 2 (? for real?) side you want, i chose chicken noodle souple [killer!] & broccoli. My friend's Turkey and Gravy made me want to eat meat. What i really liked though was the banging gravy on the mashed potato. Guilty yum! 
Late night awesomeness!OK, giving this place 5 stars probably needs some qualification.  Let me say this:  It's like a movie that achieves everything it aspires to be.  Nothing more and nothing less.  I happen to know people (some much more illustrious than me) who could eat at any restaurant in the city for lunch (money as no object), and they end up at Little Pete's.  I just really like this place.  It's real.  Not a gussied-up (not "diner chic") made to "look like" an old diner.  It just IS an old diner.  And it's remarkable that it has survived intact all these years with the same pictures on the wall since it opened.  Maybe the same waitresses!  I go for the ambiance.  Next to Rouge, it's probably my favorite place in the city.  The food is "diner food."  What can I say?  I like getting a breakfast special with 2 eggs over easy (Tabasco sauce), toast, coffee, hash browns.   Tuesday is Pea Soup Day.  My iphone gives me an alert to tell me "Pea Soup Today." I like waitresses that aren't "rehearsed" with all that "It would be my pleasure" stuff they teach them at the Ritz Carlton.  If you're having a bad day (or life), that's OK!  Just bring me the soup! I like looking at the strange people across the counter and trying to figure out what they do in life.  And they probably like to figure me out, too.  Sitting at the counter is a little bit like being in the Witness Protection Program.  Everyone's anonymous, and everything is private and nobody makes too much eye contact, and maybe the guy next to you is the mayor of the city, or maybe your plumber.  It's open all night and it's a nice place to sit late at night when it's snowing.  I saw Bruce Willis there once, and used to see Nate Wiley (great old Jazz musician that recently passed away) loosen his tie after a late gig at Bob & Barbara's.  Sometimes, I don't care if food is fancy, and even bad food can be good sometimes, if you know what I mean.  I guess I like some things from  the past, because they remind me of good times in my childhood I must have had.  So that's why I give it 5 stars!Straight up "hit the spot" diner. I had omelette and home fries at the counter. Staff was friendly. I was in and out of there quick.Good place for quick breakfast or late night feeding because you drank too much at the bar. It's a diner, and meets all diner expectations.This place was amazing. So many memories. Tastiest pea soup in the world and they knew how to make the perfect Reuben. The bathroom was in the kitchen, leading to some surreal late night moments.Little Pete's came through for my friends and I after our other local late night food places failed us in the wee hours of Friday morning. This place never closes. I work close to Little Pete's and regularly walk by but never felt compelled to try it out based on their outside run down appearance. As it turns out, Little Pete's is a quaint little diner.  There was an interesting crowd frequenting Little Pete's at 1:30am on Friday morning. Mostly middle aged people hanging out at the counter with a smattering of younger people looking for some food after leaving the bar. Our waitress was kind (and tolerant) of one of my rather intoxicated friends. We were served our food quickly. We ordered burgers, cheesesteaks and fries. My biggest complaint is that Little Pete's doesn't have whiz so I settled for cheddar cheese on my fries and cheesesteak. For what it was, it was good, but that cheesesteak would've been incredible with a good dose of whiz. I wish they'd stock up because I'd make Little Pete's a regular lunch stop in my work week hustle. My friends enjoyed their food, though my boyfriend's biggest complaint was their bathroom, which he said is in their kitchen. Upon leaving the bathroom he said, "I can't believe we just ate here". Overall, Little Pete's saved the night, but I'd be hesitant to go back since it's run down and the gross factor of their bathroom being in the kitchen.What can I say, Its a diner. If you are super drunk and need a place to eat and soak up some of the liquid courage you've consumer to make for a more interesting evening, then by all mean. You may find however, the inevitable stomach pains in the am aren't worth it.Little Pete's is what it is.  It's a diner.  it serves diner food.  it's not going to have the best burger, but it was decent breakfast served at all hours.  The people can be a bit sketchy, but it's usually clean and quick.  It will never be a ritzy restaurant, but why do you want it to be?This place is only good if you're super drunk and have no other place to go. It's the only place (really) that's open after all the bars closed. For almost $9 the reuben sandwich sucks. The food is overpriced nad the quality is questionable. But they get two stars for being the only place in philly that opens late. Otherwise, bleh. My sober self would never come here. I do feel bad for the waitresses though. The alcoholics are compete douches.Little Pete's is exactly what it should be in every way.  It's a diner, with cheap diner-style food.  They're not trying to be anything that they're not and this works out perfectly.  The service is super friendly too.Came here around 2am on a Thursday night. The only place that was open around this time. Got seated quickly. Our waitress seemed to be really frazzled and in a rush to get our orders. The meal was below average. I went with a cheese omelette and a side of home fries with wheat toast. I could have made a better omelette at home. The toast was burnt. The home fries tasted undercooked. The two stars are for the fact that it's open 24/7 and that it's inexpensive (~$10 for the meal above).We had breakfast here, and it was actually very good. The home fries were great, and not greasy at all. The eggs and my omelet were cooked well also. Pretty much a standard breakfast, but executed better than I expected. The server wasn't too excited about serving us, but you can't have everything.only been here once, but will never go back
ordered eggs benedict.  came in a deep bowl and there was solid crust of yellow goo on top.  looked like a yellow creme brulee.  poked thru the crust and was immediately overwhelmed by the smell of rotten eggs.  the waitress immediately offered to take it back and replace it but i was so grossed out, i declined.Classic diner! Friendly, but somewhat crusty, waitresses. Came in the morning after a crazy Halloween night shift and had a great time hearing how their night was. Lots of regulars coming and going. It was a great place to drink plenty of morning coffee and start the day.Came here on the recommendation of a friend who said the best corn muffin he ever ate was at Little Pete's and they did not disappoint!  We've driven past this place a million times and I never realized it was a 24/hr diner.  I had a breakfast sandwich and a very generous side of home fries while my husband had an omelette and home fries and we shared a toasted muffin.  Everything was great and the service was wonderful.  Will def head back soon!I haven't stepped a foot in there since, but, have become fond of their free (and 24 hour) delivery.
In the time since I last updated I've had sandwiches, wraps, and liver (Yes, liver...I like what I like, :p) and plenty of stuff in between with no complaints.
Still gotta hand it to Little Pete's.Love it.  It's my go-to when people want to have breakfast.  Great location, really nice waitresses and management.  I love the seating bar and it's cool you can get take out.  I like also that you can see the kitchen.  
The food is tasty and well priced.  I'm actually heading there now.  Best bang for your buck?  Turkey Burger Deluxe.  Tasty, good price, and big meal that doesn't feel like death in your stomach.  
Great.  Diner.  Joint.  I'd say the best in the city.Went here at noon with my Dad to get a bite to eat before moving in to my apartment nearby. It's your classic diner with a nice homey feeling to it. There is a wrap around bar seating area with tables against both walls of the place, and I liked the layout of it. I got a ham, mushroom, and spinach omelette which came with homefries, and my dad had two sunny side up eggs with a thick slice of ham; we split a side order of bacon. The menu said three eggs go into every omelette but it seemed like mine had five, it was huge and very good! Homefries were your normal diner fare, same with the bacon. The meal hit the spot, it was just what we needed before hauling all my stuff up to my apartment. Service was really quick too, it took maybe five minutes max to get our food. We were in and out in under twenty minutes and satisfied. I'm happy this place is only a block away from my new apartment because I will definitely be back.Little Pete's is a great breakfast joint.  The food is simple and tasty.  The place has a great vibe.  The location (near Rittenhouse Square) is perfect if you are in town visiting.
Highly recommended!Stopped in last night and happily gorged. This trip yielded a menu item discovery: disco fries. Get these if you haven't before.
I'm beginning to realize that half of my excitement for a night on the town belongs to the thoughts of a Little Pete's nightcap.Super fast service and moderately priced.  I am not a cheese steak connoisseur, but it was close, relatively cheap, and banged out in under 5 minutes.  That's my story, anyway,This was a really cool diner with an original vintage atmosphere (even has a working vintage cigarette vending machine by the front). All the staff were super friendly and fast, our food was done in about 5 minutes. I ordered the feta cheese and tomato omelette and it was really good. A meal for two came out to $22. I would definitely come back again.Not that I'm prepped to make an astute gustatory analysis after a night of taste-bud-numbing binge drinking, but the food here doesn't disappoint. In fact, its arrival at my table usually erases all traces of belligerence and replaces it with benevolence. What can I say? I REALLY like grilled cheese sandwiches. Even if I have to eat it in a place where cleanliness may not be highly regarded.
I've definitely got nocturnal visitation habits at Little Pete's; each post-party refuel has taken place between the hours of 12 and 5 a.m. Luckily, Little Pete's cash-only operation is 24-hours and equipped with an ATM for all of us who have trouble budgeting our cash stash, among other bad habits. Like devouring grilled cheese, cheese fries and chicken fingers plus whatever's left on anyone else's plate in under 15 minutes.This is the best bang for your buck, especially in philly, the portion sizes are HUGE! It's great and there's always leftovers.So, while we watched a guy get arrested outside Little Pete's window, my waitress told us how she "don't understand why the police can't leave a hustler to the hustle". The offender was trying to steal scrap from nearby construction. 
The food at little Pete's is standard diner food, but it is 24hrs and service is fast. The service is also hilarious. Between the staff and the kitchen you have the names of 275 kids, 57 ex-lovers and beloved pets tattooed on various parts of their bodies. The nature of the conversations ranges from crude to off-the-wall, and the Rittenhouse characters who shuffle in keep me more than entertained over my hamburger. 
 Don't get it twisted, this place is dirtier than a Thai whore-house. But the waitresses and regulars bring character to this Philly staple.Was timid at first but truly a Philly Gem.  It may look like an old Dinner but the food is rreallly good.  Not 5 star service but a you can get a good quick meal here.