This place used to be good place to eat. Now, they pre make the khimo and warm it up for you.Had lunch with a friend!  omg the steak (spicy) was wonderful!  As well as masala fries...This place is amazing.  We literally go every two weeks and aren't sick of it yet.  We have people now who come to philly to visit just to go eat there!  Love love love!Received the wrong order two times in a row. Horrible pizza and cheesesteaks. Couldn't understand anything person was saying while ordering. Would not recommend it.Whenever I visit my cousins in Philly we get their Indian-style chicken cheesesteak, veg Bombay sandwiches, and masala fries! SOOOOO YUMMY. I wish we had a location near by, it's delicious and a hidden gem!I've only tried the chicken cheesesteaks and masala fries here and they are SO good. Thankfully it requires a trek to go to otherwise I'd be here like everyday... now thinking about it makes me want to go back. It has the right amount of spiceness blended well with the meat and cheese.If you are an Indian and you're missing masala pav of Bombay, this is the place to go.
Their grilled veggie sub is yummylicious and by far the best hoagie I have ever tried in the United States! They also have wide variety of sandwiches, pizzas, and salads! 
You can enjoy total American or a total Indian taste under the same roof! 
Worth the wait and every single penny.Great Pizza. I especially enjoyed the crust. Crispy as hell!Come here often for a slice of pizza. They have the thin New York style that my son loves. Very fresh taste and made to order but they also have prepared pizzas that you can buy by the slice. And the prices are pretty reasonable. And the taste is better than most of the franchise pizza joints. They also make a bunch of cold and hot sandwiches to include Philly Cheesesteaks. I only come for the pizza but the stuff I've seen prepared looks pretty good. 
They also have alcoholic drinks from. Just about every brand of beer. They are always busy every time I come so business is good! 
Pros:
-pizza is good
-dine in seating with a television (usually on CNN)
-large selection of drinks
-large menu options
-appears to be family run
Cons:
-have to get a key to use the bathroomThe place is 5 stars not compared to other higher end restaurants - but for a deli within its price range - this one definitely takes the cake.
I wont presume to review the 'on menu' items because like a lot of folks I come all the way here just for their specialized spicy indian twist to boring ol deli sandwiches.
So heres the one Ive tried
Veggie Hoagie - aka the PavBhaji hoagie - a medley of veggies roasted and mashed on their flat top with a spicy tangy indian spice - add some cheese are you are golden
The 'Indian' cheesesteak hoagie -  Think regular cheese steak with onions and american cheese - but mixed in which the chicken is a dash of indian spices and herb and adds the a bit of a kick  and elevates the plain ol hoagie to a different flavour profile
The Bombay toast sandwich- an ode to the famous toasted sandwiches sold by street vendors in bombay - basically is a club sandwich with fresh veggies and cheese with a layer of indian spicy chutney
The ' Indian' pizza - plain ol meat or cheese pizza but topped with india spices and herbs -  Sublime!
The Egg hoagie - or the indian egg bhurji hoagie - or the indian egg kheemo(mince) hoagie is basically scrambled eggd with some indian hebs and spices topped with cheese !!! yummers
The french fries - hands down some of the best fries I've eaten - crispy on the outside and soft and pillowy on the inside -  can be topped with an india "chaat" masala to give it a spicy lime tinged kick
Great selection of beers
Friendly staff and ever accomodatingHighly recommended. Great Indian style food or regular menu! Drove 50 miles for this place. That should say it all.Amazing sandwiches - you have to try the veg club sandwich. Service is average, and the location is really inconvenient. But the food makes it worth coming back! Ask for masala on your fries or onion rings, you won't regret it.Come here often for a slice of pizza. They have the thin New York style that my son loves. Very fresh taste and made to order. My better taste than the franchise pizza joints. My go-to spot here in Philly. They are always busy every time I come so that should give you some indication.I stumbled upon this restaurant by accident- and it's the best discovery ever!  It's an Indian-American fusion pizza shop- I'm totally obsessed.  I haven't had many of their items but definitely will! I had the veggie club sandwich- at medium spicy level- I die!  The in house sauce they use makes the sandwich- really takes it to a different level-I had it two days in a row!  Can't wait to try to spicy chicken cheese steak and their wings - which everyone swears by!Being an Indian myself, I was pretty skeptical when I heard about this pizza joint having a list of Indian inspired food items! My friend and I ended up getting the Spicy Indian chicken cheesesteak. It was realllly good, perfect amount of spices and spiciness( you can let them know your spice level), and the roll was really soft. I will say they're slacking on the amount of meat/ingredients going into the roll. We also got an order of masala fries, it was good but nothing too exciting. Looking forward to trying the tandoori chicken pizza next time! One thing I found odd is that the employees brought everyones food out to their table except ours? We had to go up and get it but i'll that slide. Overall great food!Decent place, I like that I was able to take my daughters here and sit down. We had a medium pie, fries. It's decent! Not really a place to travel to but I was in the area.  Have beer to sit and go...
The place is very clean and fast service.Tandoori chicken cheese steak! Mild, medium, or spicy, in the iconic soft roll and served up like all good Philly cheese steak are. It's a boss sandwich that won't set your wallet back, or slow you down with mess when on the run, and consistently delivers thin, juicy slices of chicken goodness chopped up with the right amount of butter soft onions and cheese that melts through every bite. You can call it fusion, but it's just what happens in America ... people bring their loved old world recipes, fall in love with the New World's cherished dishes, and join the two.Tandoori chicken cheese steak, Egg bhurji, Pav bhajji sandwich, Indian style spicy pizza, masala fries and many more awesome food. My fav in the area.Best Indian sandwiches and hoagies I have ever had !! Love this places...Im hoping they will expand to Nj soon....but they r so good...its worth the long drive there ....I have been to this place more than dozen times and I drive an hour o get here.  Love this place.  If you want some Indian style sandwiches. Its awesome. Veg Club, veg Sandwich and spicy chicken cheese steak.  
They also have regular subs, pizza and many other items.On the recommendation of a friend visited this place yesterday with my husband and 2 kids.  The place is fairly big and adequate parking outside. The service is quick. Now, let's talk about the food. Being an Indian I was particularly interested in trying out their Indian fusion selections from their spicy menu. I ordered a veg club sandwich, masala fries, omelette and manicotti. The club sandwich was packed with veggies, cheese, delicious mix of sauces and spices and a good doze of butter. It was finger lickin good!!! The portion was huge and it was a delight!!!! 
The masala fries were coated with a mix of spice powder and it was tangy and yummy!!!  The manicotti was baked to perfection with the right amount of cheese and sauce and my daughter loved it!!! Having said such great things why 4 stars??????
The omelette was a disaster. It had a huge over doze of cinnamon. Cinnamon in an omelette was experimental enough and that too in such huge proportions was over powering and simply inedible!!!!! I wish they gave a good Indian twist to the omelette without using cinnamon!!! 
Economically priced, great tasting food, will definitely  visit again if I am in the neighborhood but hubby not so sureThe one thing I really wanted on my philly trip was an Indian style cheesesteak. Little sicily looks like a regular little pizza place. I ordered the cheese steaks with masala fries and cheese sauce and I was super impressed. The Indian style cheesesteak was fresh, hot, and spicy! I wasn't expecting it to be as spicy as it was but I loved every minute of it. The cilantro flavor in it is perfect and not overbearing. Can't wait to come back. However, I was indifferent about the masala fries-It's a personal preference. I'm just not into them in general.The Indian chicken cheesesteak is on point at this place.  The tandoori chicken and cheese is a perfect blend of spices.  The only way I think it would be better is if they used a better roll for the sandwich.Never would've found this place without yelp. It's a grab n go pizza/salad/sandwich place. Lots of local. Food is easy and affordable. Pizza is yummy and good size salads.Honestly, who would've thought this small little restaurant would have amazing Indian food. I had their egg curry sandwich, and just look at the sheer size of this! It's so filling and completely affordable. It says true to fast food you would find on the streets of Indian. However, unlike those streets, this establishment was so clean that I didn't even notice we weren't even in a sit in restaurant. I did not try any of the non-Indian food, but everyone else's Yelp reviews say it is satisfactory but not out of this world. I would highly recommend going!I came across this place one day simply cause I was hungry & was in the mood for a quick Pizza slice. As soon as I walked in, I noticed it had a decent amount of people in line ordering and saw pizzas on display. First thing I noticed was the smell of Indian spices. The pizza slice satisfied my craving and was good but what got me to come back was to try their items that had an Indian flavor to them so I tried their Spicy chicken cheesesteak with medium spices and was pleasantly surprised at how good this combination of a chicken cheesesteak with Indian spices & flavors tasted!! So afterwards I went on yelp just to see what others have said about this place and what I agree with most is that it's an unexpected hidden gem in South philly and an awesome change of pace from a traditional cheesesteak. Definitely worth a try!!Their masala fries are something I can make at home. Not a big deal. Just add chat masala. Kind of disappointing but their pizza was good.Buffalo wings are great and the turkey club sandwich is well put together although it could use a little bit more bacon. The reason for the 3 stars is bc the cashier was telling us the fries were an extra charge when it clearly said on the menu that it was included with the club sandwich and the owner had to double check and didn't seem too happy that he felt like he was giving away "free" French fries, that and we order a slice of supreme pizza and it wasn't heated up enough. We can tell it was a good slice of pizza but it was cold. I would give this place another chance bc it seems that the food is good. Hopefully the second time my experience is better all around.I went here after a friend told me about their "secret" menu. My friend got a spicy vegetarian sub and I got a spicy chicken cheese steak. Both were amazing! Good price, delicious food. I will go here again when I'm shopping at the nearby stores.Craft beer to go, great menu of everything you'd want out of a little pizza place with an extra spicy menu. The last meal I ordered was cheese fries (wiz) and the spicy chicken cheesesteak that everyone raves about--
Fries were just so-so, sort of soggy and blah. I was really excited for the cheesesteak, but was put off. If you want a masala-spiced minced chicken sandwich on a roll, go for it, but I just didn't get it. There wasn't cheese or sauce on it to speak of (maybe mine was mixed up, because others have posted pictures with what looks like cheese?) The "medium spicy" was indeed very spicy. It was kind of like taking of sip of coffee and finding out it's iced tea. Not bad, just not at all what I wanted or was expecting.
Other things I've ordered here have been good (club sandwiches, pizza), but I was super excited to try this and was disappointed.Great place! Fast service!  Excellent pizza. Staff was accommodating except for the man who was working the cash register on the night I was there. Miserable and made us walk to pick up our drinks instead of bringing them to us. That being said, I still loved it and can't wait to go there again!Wow, wow, wow... Is all I can say. If you love spicy food, try the spicy chicken cheese steak.. You will not regret it. Love the service and food. Nice clean place to top it off.The spicy chicken cheesesteak here is the best sandwich in the city, hands down! If you're looking for a place to grab a six pack and delicious food you should stop in-- they have the usual pizza and sandwiches, but you MUST try the unique Indian spin they add to several dishes. I have had the spicy chicken cheesesteak at least twice a month for the last year and a half and have never been disappointed.Three words: Indian chicken cheesesteak. Usually a chicken cheesesteak is a bland alternative to the real deal. This chicken cheesesteak is soaked in Indian spices with varying degrees of spice. I have yet to go above medium. The spice isn't just hot, it's flavorful. They also have a nice selection of beer and you can buy a bottle while you're waiting for your food.Just tried this place. The Indian chicken cheesesteak is a revelation. I've never had something so familiar and different at the same time. I can't recommend it more highly. 
The other pieces of my order were solid pizzeria fare. So this is a fine choice if you're looking for pizzas, steaks, fries, etc.The best Indian chicken sandwiches ever - minced chicken with just the right spices ...they have nailed this recipe. I hope they open in NYC.When you walk in to this place, you will notice that it has menu items that you'd expect to find at an Italian restaurant.... But they have a 'secret' menu: Bombay grilled cheese sandwich, indian veggie sandwich, masala fries, etc. I've had the indian veggie sandwich twice and it tastes like a sub filled with pav bhaji.. It is yum! Definitely want to try the other 'secret' non-listed menu items.little pricey but worth every penny. Going there since past 2 years, driving 1 hr. and food quality has been fresh and consistent. INDIAN STYLE CHICKEN CHEESESTEAK, best ever.Great food and service!
I would highly recommend their Cheese Steak, it was delicious .This place is a true hidden gem in Philly! We always get the indian style chicken cheese steaks.the minced chicken is melt in your mouth! You can choose from mild, spicy and extra spicy. And the extra spicy is really spicy even for a brown girl who loves her spice!Ok right after your done reading this review go on over to Little Sicily 2 and order a spicy chicken cheesesteak, spicy beef cheesesteak or a spicy veggie club and add an order of masala fries (can opt in to have cheese wiz with siracha on the side). If you're real hungry order it all and come back to thank me later.  Hands down the best cheesesteak in Philly for the price.  If you are cheesesteak officianado and want it specifically the Philadelphian way with no frills then you cant compare these cheesesteaks to the rest.  But if you are about flavor and you dont mind a little "kick" (you can tell them to adjust spice levels) then these guys are second to none!  I am no vegeterian but the spicy veggie club always has me coming back for more its just that good! Their service may be lacking a little in regards to courtesy but when they get to know you they will take care of you, plus who can blame them since they are always busy!  My regular cheesesteak joint and one of the places I will truly miss when I move!The food is great! Simple not many fancy items but what they make, it is quality and delicious! The staff is always extremely friendly and very attentive! Tables aren't always wiped down but doesn't mean they're not trying to keep up, isn't deterring me a bit! Keep up the good work!Friendly staff, great service, excellent food! I've had the beef cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak, mozzarella sticks, and the chicken parmesan with pasta - all were very good. Would recommend.One of my favorite places to visit anytime I am on the east coast... 
Absolutely love their Indian style sandwiches like Club Sandwich, Egg Bhurji Sandwich and Bhaji Sandwich... Don't forget to try their fries with special Indian Masala.This place has the best spicy chicken philly cheese steak sandwiches and also egg khemo version. I crave this spot all the time. I cant wait to go back when I visit my friends in philly!!!Love the place. Delicious food and economic. We tried pretty much everything on the Indian style menu. The cheese steak and tandoori pizza are the best.Awesome for Indian fusion spicy food. The egg bhurji or tandoori chicken cheese steak is truly amazing. I wouldn't recommend the spicy fries, there is nothing special there.
This place truly fits the "don't judge a book by it's cover" proverbReally delicious veg grill sub and veg club sandwich!!! Delicious sub sandwich (~$7). Good quantity I usually end up eating 2 meals. Not very great ambience so I usually drive through and do a to-go. Masala fries are great too however I prefer less masala otherwise its too salty for my taste. 2 warnings I usually give - 1 less salty fries and 2- less spicy sandwich. Their spicy is really spicy for me!!5 stars for their Indian secret menu. I have only had their kheemo  and chicken sandwich on a roll and their vegetarian sandwich, and it's made to perfection with the best flavors at all times.Omg, Indian Italian food!!!!! Its just the best thing ever!!! They make spicy cheese steaks  and masala fries and spicy club sandwiches!!! I mean really spicy!! They also have an amazing selections or regular pizza, strombolies, sandwiches, etc. It has become my favorite restaurant and its always packed. They have fast service and you can order ahead of time and pick up. They also sell beer and have a giant TV to watch sports.What a hidden dive-y gem for some indian styled philly classics!
This place has the best and only Indian style cheesesteak you've ever had. They have beef, chicken, egg, or vegetable you can choose from. They also make Indian style pizza with the same toppings if you'd like.   I drive an hour to get the sandwiches. It is not on the menu but if you ask for it they will make it happily. 
This place is becoming better known in the Indian community and it is only a matter of time before Philly discovers the greatness of this quintessential Philly treat with a sharp left turn that takes you to India.  
The garam masala, garlic, ginger, green chili and onion create an amazing balance when chopped up in the meat or veg.Had a slice and a tea. It was a huge slice and plenty of seats with huge tv. Beer is available. It is a great quick lunch in a hurry location.This place is the most unlikely place to find food with Indian taste. It appears to be any regular pizza joint with a good variety of pizza on heated display shelves. But when you look up at the menu, there are some typical dishes found only in India. Veg Club Sandwich is one of the best which exceeds expectations on every level. The size is huge and most people would not be able to fit it in their mouths with one bite. This, however, will be of least concern once the taste, almost instantly, hits your soul and transports you back to the street food of Mumbai. Another fabulous dish to try is the egg khema (egg bhurji) which is basically scrambled eggs loaded with veggies and spices. I would prefer to order this with bread on the side, but if you like to have it as a sandwich, they do accommodate that. The chef on duty was generous enough to let us taste his Paneer Bhurji that was not on the menu but something he was working on developing. Mindblowing ! Best part of this restaurant is they are open late and have a beer stock of variety, good enough for a liquor store. All in all, it is a great place to have Pizza, Subs and Sandwiches as well as Indian spiced dished to be washed down with chilled beers!Been going here since I was a kid. At first just looks like a hole in the wall place (lots of beer adverts, etc)- but once you try the food - hooked. 
For my money, one of the better Cheesesteaks in town - Bacon Cheesesteak w/ extra provolone is my go-to order. 
Sometimes the patrons can be...um...a little outputting because of the carryout beer (and some just sit there and get hammered) - but generally friendly. Also upgraded the bathrooms, which is nice. 
Also friendly people - try them out - parking can be hectic because of the small center and Wawa Next Door - but good times.Best ever Proper Indian food on east Coast. Must try Veg sub . It comes with proper PAV BHAJI MASH AND VEGGIE AND CHEESE. Not found in normal menu here. Must tryMost amazing place to eat.....Great collection of beersI loved grilled veg sub, it's one of its own kind . Awesome food and good price . I highly recommend to try veg sub, that's now my favorite sub.The best Indian style hoagies in Philly. May be in the world. I always try tandoory style chicken cheesesteak which is mind blowing. If u like Indian flavored food, u can't ignore this place. I m sure rest of the food is equally amazing.I don't know why other desi pizza shop owners didn't think of this before but a secret Indian menu is the way to go. We had the egg kheema hoggie and the triple layer Bombay sandwich. Both were amazing. I just wish I had tried it there so I could have ordered two more. Great tasting and kinda cool with the whole secret menu thing.The food is absolutely INCREDIBLE and the workers are always friendly!! Do yourself a favor and get their spicy chicken cheesesteak and masala fries. Their indian twist on these classic foods will blow your mind. I have brought many friends and people are always obsessed. Not to mention they have a pretty good selection of beer... you really cant go wrong here!Amazing food! The indian cheese steaks are amazing and the vegetarian ones are my absolute favorite in the city. I always bring visiting guests here.I went here for the first time today.
The pizza is delicious.  Crispy crust that isn't too thin or thick.  Flavorful sauce and it's cheesy.  Friendly staff with quick service.
And who doesn't like pizza and beer?  This place is awesome.Step 1: Buy the Jalapenos 
Step 2: Buy the spicy chicken cheese steak 
Step 3: Buy the masala fries and get the ketchup on the side 
Step 4: Put all your Jalapenos into the sandwich 
Step 5: Take a bite of the sandwich 
Step 6: Dip your fries into the ketchup 
Step 7: Eat your fries 
Step 8: Profit???Emphasis on LITTLE! I should have known to leave this place when I saw old, dry pizza sitting on the counter waiting to be sold in slices. But they were cooking fresh cheesesteaks so okay why not, I'm in the neighborhood. When the cashier passes me my cheesesteak, I took hold of it my hand and sandwich went limp. This thing was light as a feather not in a good way. So I take a seat open the sandwich and I had to pull back the world to find the meat. okay I'll let that go because I'm hungry. Nope wrong move the minimal meat was jammed into a chewy stale roll. 
I needed a beer to wash all of this down luckily there are so many options to choose from. The service was fast not necessarily unpleasant just not friendly, the cheesesteak here should never be entered in a Philadelphia's Best contest. Well at least the beer was cold!Pizza and cheesesteaks .... but also with an Indian twist! 
I ordered a spicy chicken cheesesteak which is flavored with Indian spices. It was sooo good and flavorful! IMO, it's better than the original philly cheesesteaks! The place itself is set up with tables and chairs. Beer/soda/juice/water/etc also available in bottles in the refrigerator. It's a casual place. Good prices. Min $10 for credit cards.This is one true hidden gem in Philly. 
They have by far the best Indian food I have had in United States in Indian Veggie Hoagie, Egg Kheema, Veg Bombay Club Sandwich and Masala Fries.
(These items are not in their listed menu and need to be asked for - but this place is famous for these items and hugely popular among Indian crowd)
I recommend this to anyone looking for Indian Street food/ Snacks.This place has a unique crowd coming and going but still a great place for food.cthey have big tv to sit down and watch games on while you eat your food and can purchase individual beers (or more) a lot of in town visitors want pats genos blahhhhhhhh I take them here.
Buff chicken cheesesteak is phenominalOne of the best food spots in Philly. They have a secret menu that only locals know. Be sure to ask for a spicy Indian chicken/beef cheesesteak if you like a little flavor/spice in your food. It is hands down one of the best sandwiches in Philly!  They also have the Bombay club sandwich, if you want a veggie option.Dont be fooled by the name, if you're desi, you gotta go here. no joke. 
Hypes:
- Masala chicken cheesesteak - aahhhhhhhh..spicy but amazing. It is perfectly cooked with soft ground meat, perfect spice, and that cilantro is just like getting a chery on top. Its something that takes you back to india, street food, moms food, and yet its such a different concept its worth it.
- spicy garlic toast - another thing thats awesome. I remember eating this in india - crispy toasted bread topped with insane garlic, cheese, butter, spice, tomato sauce, and cilantro - you gotta get this.
- masala fries - not for kids!  and not for the weak! another winner
- clean bathroom
tip: order MILDVeg pizza. half cheese steak. cheese fries. That's what I ate.
Sick. Thats what I got.Food was all first class ( we tried egg burji sandwich; veggie sandwich; club sandwich; and masala fries). Place is clean. It's more of a deli setup. You place order at counter, go sit down, and wait for your name to be called for your food. I would've given them 5 stars but taking 1 away for service. We placed $90 worth food order. Forgot to add beer. After finishing the transaction, we he ran the beer charged, the owner still ended up charging 25cent credit card fee for under 10$. It's not that it's a lot of money but definitely against the principle.Best Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak I've ever had in my life, no matter when I go it's always fantasticLove this place!!!! Def a secret gem of philly...their Indian style sandwiches and fries are to die for! I will def go back very soon.Beer and pizza? Yes, please! This place is a hidden gem in South Philly. A great place to watch the game and have cheap good food.Delicious food! We ordered off the spicy menu which is Indian fusion. We tried their spicy chicken cheese steak and veg club sandwich. The spice level was just right for the 'spicy level' 
They have a huge beer selection so you can get single bottles with your meal. I liked their seasonal section, because they had a few pumpkin and oktoberfest beers. 
Service is quick and the place was pretty clean. 
It's a hole in the wall in a strip mall, but definitely worth the trip.This place is definitely a hole in the wall type of place. At first I was a little iffy about eating here but I had their fries and egg hoagie and both were AMAZING!! I ate the whole sandwich and even took some home for the next day! Definitely cannot wait to go backHad their spicy chicken cheesesteak because it had a touch of Indian spices. I got the medium level but wish I had chosen the spicy level because I like spicy. The sandwich was amazing with one of the best bread I ever had and the flavor was like curry. 4 stars because the chicken meat was all chopped together which is not my favorite as I like chunks of meat instead on a sandwich and it was less meat than I thought for $7.50. Fast service and perfect for a lunch spot if you like sandwiches and pizza.Craving a cheesesteak with an indian twist, this place is the only place to look.  A bit on the pricey side but worth every penny.  I have add the chicken and regular cheese steaks indian style and both are equally and uniquely great.  Do not miss out on the spice, the flavor, and the one-of-a-kind taste.Jim's steaks has always been my favorite but this place is a close 2nd. Never thought indian cheesesteak would ever be this amazing. The flavors, the bread, the cheese! Perfectly made!I went here to get a spicy beef cheesesteak with cilantro and American cheese upon recommendation of my buddy. Well, the cheesesteak was pretty good with an Indian twist, meaning it had a bit of a curry taste, giving it the slightly spicy taste, making the cheesesteak not too greasy or cheesy at all. My reason for a four-star is that their service is mediocre, but their food is good. If you are tired of Jim's, Pat's or Geno's and would like to try something different, then you have Little Sicily to try out.We ordered two grilled veggie hoagie, one mild and one medium spicy. This is one of those places where in the name of "indian" food they abuse the use of red paprika, such that one cannot discern any other flavor. I understand for some this can be a high, but it's nowhere near to authentic indian food. The bread was hard and stretchy, if I had not sharpened my teeth in the morning I wouldn't be able to bite into it.
We got stomach cramps after eating here. Next, it's dirty. The ketchup bottles are sticky, yuck sticky.
Phily has much better places, do yourself a favor and avoid!I like cheesesteaks that are minced versus the large pieces of meat and Little Sicily definitely delivers when it comes to cheesesteaks.  Even if you are just craving a regular cheesesteak, theirs is very good.  Now the spicy chicken cheesesteaks are on a different level...you get the Indian spices and flavor in a delicious cheesesteak.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu yet, but I definitely want to try out the rest of the spicy menu.  Plus, there is plenty of parking.  During meal times, there is a lot of people in there, so service is a bit slower.  I'd recommend to call in your order and just pick it up.  Great service and a very nice and clean place if you want to eat in.Omgosh! Omgosh! O M GOSH ! I cannot believe how good their Indian cheesesteaks are!! I had their chicken Indian Cheesesteak, the kheemo, masala fries. All I can say is that they are so DAMMMMNNN GOOOOD.. every single bite!!!!An unlikely place to find surprisingly good casual-Indian food. Hands down the best (Indian spiced) grilled veggie sandwich that I have ever had. I usually pair that with the masala fries and I am never disappointed. 
The decor and restaurant itself is super casual like any other city pizza joint. The prices are certainly reasonable. You can pair your meals with soda or a choice of beers which is nice. This place is off the boulevard so it has a ton of parking and a quick 12 min drive back into center city.Awesome Indian sandwiches! Our group of 12 Indian  origin really enjoyed this for lunch..Egg kheema sandwich, vegetarian club sandwich, fries and Indian pizza were exceptional and spicy enough for all of us to enjoy.I tried this place on recommendation and it didnt disappoint me. Veg club sandwich with masala fries and indian chicken cheesesteak are the best. Since I live closeby, I often come here for those sandwiches and added it to my homeparty menu for halloween. Those sandwiches won raves from my guests. My absolute fav!Good place to sit with friends and talk about how to run a comic shop, where to score the sweet stuff, watch TV, eat "Indian" pizza with jalapenos, onions and cliantro which sort of tastes odd, but it isn't bad. The buffalo chicken also, wasn't bad. I ate there a little over 12 hours ago and I'm not dead, and Kuato hasn't come crawling out of the backend process flow of my digestive system.  
There's a wall of beers you can crack open, ice cold, and drink at your leisure while enjoying the map of Italy and other attractions on the wall. They even have some "craft" beer like Victory's V Twelve, and they will provide you with a plastic cup for sampling. The pizzas did take a spell to come out and that was with not too many people already lounging. The choices of slices at the counter were not extensive, but I'm assuming if you get there before nightfall they'll be fine.
This is probably more of a 3.5 or 3.0 star place than a 4, but they have beer you can drink and you can sit down and drink it there. Beware, some of the tables are a little narrow. Depending on the size of your gut you may have trouble getting in/out of them.
All in all, this is a "good friends, good times, good Little Sicily 2" type place. If I was in the area, I would stop by and get 40 ounces or more of beer, and then drink it there. Or, I might leave and drink it under I-95. I might also get a slice of pizza, or I might not. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, or go in my way, but if a friend was nearby, we might go. Final conclusion: "Excelsior"A great, great gem in Pennsport - their spicy chicken cheesesteak is out of this world. It's freshly made, on a perfectly toasted roll, and it's pretty affordable too. The pizza is pretty run of the mill, and I'm not too crazy about their fries but the aforementioned chicken cheesesteak makes this place worth it, along with an order of fried jalapeños. Pretty good selection of beers, too. 
Clean, quick and friendly. There's always a bunch of locals in there eating, so you know it's good.
Definitely check it out when you get the chance.The fusion of a normal Philly pizza place with Indian spices.
Spicy chicken cheesesteak: 5/5
Masala fries: 5/5
Tandoori chicken pizza: 4/5
Need to try this is you like Indian food.Good place, many people come here. Good selection of drinks. have 2 tvs. A good amount of tables. If u come here I recommend getting regular pizza because the chicken tikka masala pizza has to much. you won't taste the pizza so do get a regular pizzaWas in town to do some cheesesteak eating and had to stop in to try the spicy chicken cheesesteak. For sure one of the best chicken cheesesteaks I've ever had in Philly. Chopped fine, killer roll and easy parking. For sure I will be backI love their Indian styled Philly cheesesteaks!! It's spicy and the cheese is so well blended with it. I love how they add the cilantro to it, which is my favorite seasoning. It was pretty empty when I went, however don't be fooled by it because this place is a gem!Oh! I miss this place so much. It is a hidden gem for wonderful vegetarian Hoagies, Subs and Pizzas- it is the secret menu that they have and are the must try ones.Absolutely delicious.  Their grilled veggie sub and masala fries are great (and vegetarian friendly!), the Indian-spiced chicken cheesesteak is to die for, and they have beer that you can buy individually or by the six pack to drink on site or take to go.  I cannot wait to go to there again.I got a paneer pizza and Bombay sandwich! Both were pretty good and will go for it again. The place is next to a gas station, so doesn't look promising but once you get over that - it's good!! It's def not a date spot, but more is a legit spot for lunch or a quick bite.Cheesesteaks are on point! Fries are always perfect. Pizza is yummy. Always friendly staff. Great selection on beverages including beer. 
Bathrooms leave a little to be desired but sadly I've seen worse.Stopped in tonight with my husband to try their famous Indian Cheesesteak. I have to say it was delicious! We ordered the chicken cheesesteak and masala fries just to start. After 2 bites, my husband went and ordered another Indian cheesesteak, but this time beef. Washed everything down with some blue moon! Definitely my new go to spot for a cheesesteak!A popular spot en route to the stadiums in South Philly is Little Sicily II.  This Italian sounding pizza and sandwich establishment is actually owned and run by Indians ... and that's where the menu becomes interesting.  You see on their spicy menu they offer up a cheesesteak with Indian spicing ... and yes it is very tasty.  I ordered the spiciest seasonings they use and it still wasn't too hot but gave a nice kick to the usual Philly cheesesteak. If you do indulge in this sandwich, I think you will maybe want to stop back a second time and try their Spicy Indian chicken cheesesteak!LITERALLY LOVE LOVE THE SPICY CHICKEN CHEESESTEAK FROM HERE! Every time I am in Philly, I will make an appoint to go here for the chicken cheesesteak! My sister introduced me to this place and have heard about it so much and the hype is real! I took my boyfriend and now every time he goes to Philadelphia, no matter the time constraint, he will still go and get a chicken cheesesteak. I've had the pizza and it is great too! The service is amazing and they are so nice! I always call for take out and they make sure everything is right!I'm not big on Indian food, so i couldn't tell you in which style their Indian style chicken cheese steak is cooked, but the Indian style chicken cheese steak is absolutely on of the best hoagies that I've had in Philly. If you like exploring unique takes on cheesesteaks, then you can't miss this sandwich.
Cherry on top is the fact that you can buy a six pack and drink it in the store.To be honest the food the food is great at times but sometimes they forget the cheese on my grilled veg sub which than doesn't taste good as it does. Their veg club sandwich's are the BEST in my opinion. I didn't like philly that much and this is like one of the reasons I love Philly. Anytime I'm here I post on my Snapchat and everyone asks why are you always at this place? It's great for food but the lady at the counter is very rude. I stood in line and she wouldn't take my order and let people that came after me go before me. That was so rude of her and when I went to pay her the money she again did the same thing when I came before the other people. I always go here for special occasions like my birthday or just for fun and that day was eh cause we had to wait so long and it wasn't even for the food it was just to order it. Otherwise great place for food.Bombay sandwich is a must try! Yummy and flavorful. Brings me back to when I was in india and had the same kind of sandwich!Egg Keema...that's all I have to say.
As other Yelpers have mentioned, this place is a hidden gem down in South Philly on the boulevard.  Tucked away in a little strip mall with Wawa and a florist, this place will blow you away.  I honestly don't think I've ever had as delicious of a meal for the price I pay.
They have pizza, hoagies, sandwiches, fries, and anything else a typical pizza joint would offer, but you can customize it with Indian spices, flavors, and seasonings, in addition to getting your American favorites (sandwiches, cheese steaks) the Indian way.
My go to and favorite dish is the egg keema with toast on the side (get it spicy if you can handle it).  It's a mixture of scrambled eggs with finely diced jalapenos, onions, garlic, butter, and a plethora of Indian seasoning.  Add some ketchup and eat it with the bread and you will be in heaven.
Their Indian veggie club sandwich is also great - triple decker chutney sandwich with American cheese, garlic sauce, cucumbers (a staple in Indian chutney sandwiches), tomatoes, and onions, along with fries that have Indian spices on top (think old bay but better).
The pizza is also crispy and tasty.  An added bonus is their fridges full of beer that you can drink while you eat or purchase for takeout.
Overall, an awesome place that I hope maintains their quality of food for years to come.Had bombay veg sandwich with masala fries and  indian style spicy paneer pizza which were delicious. Chilly paneer was average but will definitely visit the place again.Hands down the BEST pizza with BEST TASTING SAUCE in Philadelphia region! The cheesesteaks are flavorful, juicy, and amazing! The SPICY MENU is OFF THE HOOK and INCREDIBLE!!! I LOVE THE INDIAN PIZZA with jalapeños and cilantro!!! If you like heat, this pizza is BANGING!!! Flavorful AND savory AND just the right amount of seasoning and pizza sauce!!! I love everything on their menu!!! Customer service is on point and everyone is really nice! Food is made to order in 20-30min or less!!! They'll tell you food will be ready in 30min but it's always ready in 20min or under. Their prices are so cheap for such AMAZING and DELICIOUS food!!! I go here at least 3x/week because it's near my job. If it were near my house I would go there everyday!!!Yo. Indian style pizza. The flavors are tantalizing. Definitely recommend. 
Beer,  too. I'm never a fan of strip malls, but this place is about the food. It's good to hit up when you catch a movie at Riverview or even as a destination.Cool place. However, be prepared to have a loooong wait. I ordered a spicy beef cheesesteak and marsala fries. I was told it would take a while. I should have asked what a while is or they should have told me. They were extremely busy and seemed unorganized at times. That is understandable. I ordered my food at 7:38 p.m. It finally was ready at 8:18. That's ridiculous. It I wasn't so hungry, I might have canceled the order. It seemed that my order was forgotten about. When I asked about the status, I was told they were making it. About 5-10 mins later, they started preparing it. I asked if it the order was missed and was told it wasn't. I doubt that. When I asked about it, there was confusion and it seemed if I hadn't asked about the status, I probably would have waited even longer. The steak was delicious. The fries were good, but the spices on them weren't consistent throughout. I might try their pizza some day. Hopefully, that would come out quicker.Excellent food 
Must try 
Club sandwich and paneer jalapeño pizza
Must try the garlic roast as wellOne of those places you would go back to time and again. Great Indian Pizzas and great sandwiches! Must stop when I am in philly.The cashier is stupid and doesnt know the menu. He was unfriendly. Also,very unprofessional service.i wouldn't recommended this indian place to any as i come from los angeles and people there are so friendly and professiona.When you hear little Sicily you don't think Indian but their Indian influenced spices and flavors make their pizza and cheesesteaks one of my favorites. I had the spicy chicken cheesesteak and the spicy Indian pizza. There is a lot of flavor in their spicy cheesesteaks (chicken or beef) and you can choose the heat level you like. We also had an order of wing dings and they were very crispy. They have a liquor store where you can purchase beer and drink a beer in the store or take it to go. Will definitely be coming backI have been searching for a pizza joint that has similar flavor profile as back home and this place is great! The spicy chicken/paneer pizza/cheesesteak is amazing at this place! The masala fries are also highly recommended.Came to this random little place the other day based on 2 particular menu items. Ordered the Chicken Cheesesteak and the Veggie Club Sandwich with Bacon. 
The Club sandwich came with masalo (Indian seasoning mix) fries, which were so delicious! The sandwich itself was really good! The veggies tasted super fresh and crunchy, which was an even better taste! I hate eating a soggy sandwich with soggy veggies!
The Chicken Cheesesteak was really good as well. The bread isn't soggy either, also very fresh tasting! While I wasn't a HUGE fan of this one, I was also told to try the beef one. I was already full by then, but next time I am back I'd love to try that one! 
The flavors are so good and so is the spice level! You can get it mild to spicy!
The place was pretty empty, which I've been told usually is ram packed if people. Luckily we were able to. All in our order on the way. Ive heard they can't even answer the phone when they're that busy! The place is clean and so is the bathroom. It's a nice quiet place in a totally random location and I love it! Def can't wait to go back and try the other menu items. They looked really good!This place is amazing!! My boyfriend introduced me to this place and I love the concept of indian cheesesteaks and pizza and deli food. We have come here multiple times and the food is great every time. We have tried the Bombay club which is his favorite and I love the spice they add to it. I usually get the chicken with green peppers since I try to keep it low carb and it's very spicy but flavors are great. Lastly the cheesesteak... amazing! The meat is well cooked and I love the hint of Indian spices they put in there. I will be back again and again. The prices are also reasonable and they are quick as well. Definitely one of my favorite casual places in Philly.Hubby bought me a slice of cheese pizza one night. Yes, I'm only reviewing the slice of cheese pizza. Do underestimate cheese pizza because yes, you can make it wrong. But this slice was delicious. Will come back to try other items or just get a pizza pie.Really blown away by their "off menu" Indian food.  My friend who lives in Philly brings everyone who visits her here and I can see why.  We ordered a chicken masala cheesesteak and a veggie club that came with masala fries.  The flavor was amazing and brought we back memories of eating from food carts in Mumbai India! Spicy and packed full of flavor.  I thought about the meals for days afterwards.  Wish they had something like this in dc.  I will definitely be back when I'm in the area next.Can't speak to the regular offerings here because we came for the ULTRA SECRET SPICY INDIAN MENU. (Secret's out! Whoops!) Paneer pizza was delicious and spicy as hell (just how we liked it). Also got masala fries and Indian cheesesteak. All were fantastic and fresh. The spicy cheese served with the fries was a terrifying orange color but was also terrifyingly delicious. The fries were a tad salty (as others have pointed out) but they go great with a cold soda or beer (both of which they sell!). My daughter did have a regular cheese slice and gave it a thumbs up--she wanted to try the spicy pizza but phew, wasn't safe for a 9yo! Only thing we'd change is that we should've asked for them to add veggies (tomatoes, peppers and onions) to the cheesesteak. Still delicious, but would've been even better with veggies. Will definitely return.Our favorite place for weekday dinner once a week.. I like their chicken cheese steaks and my mom love their veg Club sandwich.Everytime I'm in the Philadelphia/ New Jersey I have  to come here. I always get the chicken Philly and Bombay sandwich. 
The Bombay club has a great flavor and seasonings, as well as fresh veggies. Their masala fries are also amazing! 
Their Philly sandwiches are not like your average Philly cheesesteaks. They are packed with Indian spices on a crunch yet soft bread. 
I will always be a customer here.Spicy chicken sandwich was on point. If u are fan of spicy food then you can ask them to make it spicy. Fries were sooo good with some kind of spices on top, couldn't stop eating those. Ambience is good and they have varieties of beer to buy.My buddy brought us here before hitting the Phillies game. A regular patron told us we had to try the masala cheesesteak. Man was he right! One of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had and the fries were amazing too!They were very rude. Ordered a couple of slices l, went to pay, told them what I ordered. Apparently she rang it up as one slice. So the guy wouldn't give me the second slice, gave me attitude, and wouldn't explain the discrepancy. Only five minutes later after I sat down did the cashier come up to show me a receipt. Get it together. Also, the pizza wasn't that good.Can't go wrong with this place, it's quick, cheap, and the food is great. Along with the normal pizzeria food they have a super unique fusion food like paneer pizza and Indian chicken cheesesteak. A must go for those who want to explore beyond the typical Indian restaurant experience!!The Indian cheese steaks are to die for.  I am addicted.I tried looking online before dropping by, but could not find a menu on their site. I happened to be near there and went looking for paper menus, but they don't even have those. So basically if you want to call, you've got to guess if they have what you want. I got a couple slices and they were good otherwise.This is my favorite go to place for indian style chicken cheesesteaks.
They also have other great items on the menu like the eggplant veggie cheesesteak and scrambled eggs cheesesteak with the right amount of spice.
Note if you really like spicy food then you will definitely enjoy this placeits a great hole in the wall place!! well no longer a hole in the wall because of how busy it always is. Have to wait before we can grab a seat but the food taste has been consistent.order from the indian menu
egg bhurji sandwich
spicy chicken cheesesteak 
masala fries with spicy cheese sauce
all very tastythey have the best pizza steak ever. Although the girl hung up on me the first time I tried to call in an order, it was okay because the food made everything worth it!! I love this place. Their wings and pizza rock too!Sometimes fate steps in and guides you to a damn good sandwich! Lol
Was looking for a place to get a lunch. And Just so happened to be near the Wawa on Columbus. Parking was tight. Came up on Little Sicily 2. 
Browsing their menu(big), a bunch of folks raved about their spicy chicken cheesesteak. Thought what the hell. I'll try it. 
It's damn freaking good. And pretty spicy! This spicy chicken cheesesteak was outta this freaking world.Not the best place to grab a slice of pizza. The pizza is way too chewy for my taste and it doesn't seem to be the most sanitary spot. They have beer here, so that is cool if you need a six pack.The menu option here is huge and mimics an Italian pizza by the slice/ burger joint. However, do yourself a favor and order off the spicy menu. It's well worth it. If your looking for a kick or a little bit of Indian flavor, this is your place. Masala fries, spicy chicken cheesesteak, and egg bhurji with no toast in the picture. I ordered a medium for every thing and even though I love spicy food, I wouldn't have gone more than that. It was spicy !
Clean place and large beer selection. I'll definitely be back !This is the best cheese steak in town. Curry chicken, beef, or veggie. Masala fries. YUM!! Please please please consider Uber eats! I would eat it more often if I could get it delivered. It's addictive...I had one yesterday.Love this place. The indian sandwiches are phenomenal. Spicy veggie club is so simple LTO cucumber Cheese spices mayo is amazing the spicy cheesesteak is also delicious.Love love love this place. It's our go to place! The Indian chicken cheesesteaks are so delicious! The egg one is on point too! They need an Indian menu!!I went to this place with my best friend on a friend's recommendation. And oh did we love this place! Indian style cheesesteak!!!????! Would you even believe that?! Did I mention they secretly serve Bombay style club sandwich! No wonder Philly is famous for its food and culture :) Gotta love this place!Typical indian street style veggie sandwich, chicken, omelet, khemo ( scrambled egg) and not to forget masala fries.Every time I make a trip to Philly, stopping here is a necessity. The food is absolutely amazing. The staff especially are caring and want to make sure you get a full experience here. The two most prominent items on their menu are the Chicken cheesesteak and their veggie sandwich. They are very well known throughout Philly and have received many awards and accolades. 
To start off, the CHICKEN CHEESESTEAK is 100% the best item on the menu. It is made in an Indian way with different masalas. You have a choice to make it hot or mild. If you cannot handle spicy food I would stick with the mild.
The VEGGIE SANDWICH is not like regular sandwiches. It is three layers consisting of cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and more. It is a great vegetarian option for anyone who wants to try it.
Other than this the pizza is also very popular. Also, the masala fries are very flavorful. The aroma is great. There are alcoholic beverages for those who want those. The place in general is very clean as well as the bathrooms. 
All in all, I would recommend coming here for some great food that you will not experience anywhere else. It is basically Italian food with an Indian flavor blast. It's a necessity to make a stop here if your ever in Philly.Don't go there, they use counterfeit money, then when you confront them they blow you off or try to get tough, criminals.  If give them no stars if I knew how to.  And the food is terrible, dog foodI wish I could leave a no star review! I do not recommend this place usually I don't leave reviews or comments but I had to with the service I received. I ordered a gyro sat and started eating. I got through eating most of it when I bit into the gyro with my friends. Then I bit something really hard. I thought it may be an over cooked piece of meat or under cooked onion. So I removed what I thought was the problem and took another bite. Nope same problem turns out it was a piece of plastic fork! I was like ehh maybe it was coincidence hesitated and took another bite. This time I almost choked and found a larger piece of the fork. I went back to the cashier and showed him the pieces of for he looked at me opened the fridge and said, "I broke the fork when I put the sauce on." I asked for a refund and they only gave me $5. I was dumbfounded and asked for a full refund. They said I ate almost all of it so only $5. I was furious and said really I nearly effing choked! I want a full refund! Another worker then said come on I ate almost all of it $5 should be fine. After saying I'd report them they decided to give me a full refund.
Honestly, I could've cared less for the refund. The fact that the worker knowingly broke the fork and still thought it was acceptable to serve me the gyro. Is just inexcusable!This is my favorite place.  Their Pizza, sandwiches and subs are really good.  The staff is very friendly.  Wide selection of different beers and non- alcoholic drinks available.  Above all they have parking.This place is a treat!  We were visiting Philly and some friends recommended Little Sicily 2 for a twist on Philly Cheesesteaks.  With an Indian flare, the food here really impressed my tastebuds.  The restaurant is next to a gas station, but has parking available.  You walk in and see a simple shop with the menu and all the food on the left, seating on the right, and a convenient store type setup of drinks in glass front refrigerators in the back.
The extensive menu consists of traditional Italian eats like Pizza, but then venture into an Indian twist with their Spicy Menu.  I strongly encourage you to try items from this menu as it is very flavorful and unique. Even if you don't like spicy foods, just ask them to make it mild.  I ordered the spicy chicken cheesesteak and the egg keemo sandwich. Both were superb!  I enjoy soupy food and asked them to make it medium spicy.  This was perfect for my liking.
Don't expect much of a fancy decor as the booths are like a cafeteria and you get paper plates with your meal.  But if you like hole in the wall hidden gems, this is your spot.  Foodie heaven :)Pretty good given the price. The Masala fries were a personal favorite! The Chicken Masala Cheesesteak also had a bit of a quick which was pretty good!Wow.. thoroughly impressed with Little Sicily II's (medium) spicy Indian cheese steak!! Man.. I had no idea what to expect, but I am pleasantly surprised at how good this was for a cheese steak. I highly recommend it. Even the spicy chicken cheese steak  and massala fries were good!! Two thumbs up to my fellow Indians for an awesome cheese steaks!If you've never had Little Sicily, you'd think something like the club sandwich is so simple and you could easily make it at home. Negative. Little Sicily has got the Veg Club Sandwich down to perfection. Literally everything about it is phenomenal - the bread is toasted just right, the sauces complement each other excellently and the sandwich is flavorfully saucy but not too saucy where it fall apart on you, and the cheese:lettuce:veggies ratio is on-point. The spice level holds true, and there's hot sauce out if you're feeling extra zesty. They throw on a few masala fries with the club sandwiches, but you can't go wrong with a side order as well. Food is prepared as you order so be prepared to wait, but don't fret, it is well worth it!I tried the veggie club sandwich and masala fries. The best veggie sandwich I've ever had anywhere. I'm usually a meat eater, however I enjoyed it. Def has an indian kick to it. You can ask them to make it extra spicy if you're up for the challenge, though it should be doable if you're use to spicy food. You order at the counter, pay first, and then someone brings the food to your table. They don't have a fountain drink machine, so you have to buy bottled water/soda.  
Also the masala fries are very good as well.Definitely smells of spices as soon as you walk in mmm haha not what you'd expect from a pizza place on the outside. But their spicy menu is definitely a hit. The spicy chicken cheesesteak with Indian spices/flavors are something so unique but done very well on a nice soft amoroso roll paired with masala fries - freshly made with a good crisp - are a perfect midnight snack, dinner, anything. 
The spice level isn't a joke though, but I'm a wimp lol some reviews below said a medium has a good kick but for me it's a pretty strong spice that sticks on your tongue. The masala fries are a bit spicy too, but that's what I would describe as only a kick. 
Overall really strong and good flavors, quick service and reasonable prices. Will def be back, and I looooove the smellI was surprised when my friend told me the best Indian place in Philadelphia was called Little Sicily, but when I got there and picked up the food, I understood why. I had the chicken cheesesteak and the spices in it were fantastic! They also have liquor you can buy there to drink as well. Be aware that you should order your takeout for an earlier time than you need, I had to wait for 20 minutes after my order time was set for, and I had ordered it 2 hours in advance.My coworker suggested this place one day in the office when I was without a lunch. He prefaced by saying that it was a pizza place that served philly cheesesteaks with an Indian twist, and there was no way I wasn't going to try it. The place sits in a little plaza with crowded parking. We were lucky to have gotten here before the lunch rush and quickly ordered the spicy chicken cheesesteak with masala fries. The sandwich isn't spicy, but the Indian spices add an unexpected twist to an already great sandwich. My biggest complaint is how salty the masala fries were, but I have no problem sticking with their spicy chicken cheesesteak or one of their pizzas.Have always wanted to get this Cheesy garlic bread I've seen in friends snaps/insta. 
We stopped by Little Sicily 2 for a quick bite and ordered the Masala Garlic Bread. For me this was 7.5/10 for spicy level. It was much more spicy than I expected. Although I couldn't eat cuz it was burning my mouth but it tasted really good.
I would prob ask for less to no spicy next time. But still loved it. They sprinkle it with some masala powder on the top which gives a nice flavor to it. Somewhat tastes like chaat masala. 
Would def go again!Definitely best Indian fusion place a, always satisfying experience here.they have great sandwiches a must try is kheema sandwich.I've been coming here for a year and it's probably my favorite "pizza" joint in all the land.
And not for the pizza. It's actually a half Indian, half pizza joint. And you know they're serving legit-ness, amazing, flavorful, spicy food when most of the customers are South Asian!
The grilled veggie sub is one of my favorite vegetarian meals of all-time. Potato based with shredded broccoli, peppers, and spices. And THE SPICES! Obviously south asian based with a kick. All served on a hoagie roll - super flavors drench the inside of the bread.
However, I feel that the signature dish is the spicy chicken sub. I haven't eaten it often enough but my family loves it.
Staff is friendly - constantly busy because of the demand. As a fellow immigrant family, we love seeing them succeed. It's a great local, unique pizza joint in an era where pizza joints are both ubiquitous and disappearing. Awesome spot and we'll be dropping in for years to come.Most unprofessional establishment I've ever been to. I originally went in to use the restroom as I was told I would have to buy something in order to use it. I understood this and told the man I had no problem getting a slice of pizza after I relieve myself as I am almost 6 months pregnant. He says that i can't do that and need to pay for something first because I may walk out. I assured him that I had no problem buying something AFTER use the bathroom and that I am pregnant and pretty much begged to allow me to just go first. I was denied this again. I've never been so disgusted with the actions of a restaurant in my life. Refusing to allow a pregnant woman to use the restroom? You guys should be ashamed of yourself. Do better.This was my first destination when I landed in philly. Amazing subs and sandwiches. Bombay grill vegetable sandwich is out of the world.we tried egg bhurji sub, pav bhaji sub. A must go place in Philadelphia.I have been coming here for 7 years and not once disappointed with the food.
The atmosphere is relaxed with many tables, a giant TV and beer for purchase/consumption here.
The BEST THING HERE is the Indian chicken cheesesteak. I like mine extra extra spicy with raw onions on top. There is rich Indian flavors in their cheese steaks. Imagine eating a tandoori chicken flavored cheese steak or chicken steak, and that is that they promise. 
They also have masala paneer pizzas, Masala fries, and a variety of typical pizza, wings, salads, and fries. You can get American food, Indian-inspired food like Bombay sandwiches and egg kheema, and everything in between. 
The Masala fries are basic but a must have!! 
The best parts - they can adjust food to your spice preference.
I'll be coming back for more for the rest of my life!Great service!  Order ahead of time as they can get busy randomly.  O wouldn't suggest masala fries and the spicy chicken sandwich together as the spice blend used in both is the same, so it was a little overkill on the flavor.  Alone-- they were legit!  I'd probably ask for spicier, but overall fresh and tasty!  Total $12 something for both.Delicious food Bombay Sandwich's Chicken Masala Cheesesteak. Very fast / courteous serviceHorrible service..the second time my order was messed up.. discovered the wrong order when we got home, called them, and no decency to actually apologize for the mistake or compensate in anyway. We had to drive back to correct the order. We gave him the wrong pizza slices but who knows if he will resell them after it already left the property.The extra spicy masala chicken cheesesteak sandwich and masala fries are truly amazing.   Just the right amount of Indian spices and flavor were added.The best pizza in the city, imo. The Indian pizza haunts my cravings. Great selection of ice cold beer.Great food. Especially for soice loving Asian people. The pizzas, subs and everything on the menu, including beers... fun placeThe pizza is the highlight here! They make the dough in-house. We tried the tandoor chicken pizza, it was spicy and spiced, so not for anyone who prefers things on the bland side. The regular cheesesteak, wings, and fries were ok. Service was very quick. Will come back to try the paneer pizza next time.Perfect Indian-American fusion fast food !
This place, located on Christopher Columbus blvd is a great spot to grab Indian style subs, sandwiches and pizzas slices.
The crowd favorite is chicken cheesesteak sub - an Indian version of Philly cheesesteak with minced chicken instead of beef. From the perfectly cooked, spiced and minced chicken.. to the creamy white cheese sauce (not to much - for those who like a lot of cheese sauce).. to the soft rolls - it's all spot on ! Their masala fries and Indian sandwiches are good too. We tried their paneer pizza slice as well - which was a let down.
For Indians in this country (like myself) who occasionally miss the Indian spice-masala taste in the fast food here - this is a great place.
For dining in - it's not the best place. It's located in a slightly shifty part of the town. I usually prefer take aways. And if you do want to sit and eat, then Penns landing is not too far off from this restaurant to be able to sit by the river and enjoy some good food!I drove in from Delco just to try the spicy Indian menu. 
The spicy pizza is phenomenal. The combo of the spice with the sauce and crust worked well. I was afraid it might be a clash. But it worked, big time! I was a fan of the chicken over the paneer myself. 
The spicy chicken cheesesteak was also insanely good. In this case they achieved the perfect level of flavor. 
I bought way too much food just so i could have a taste of everything. My Indian wife was also quite pleased. She's the real judge. Leftovers for days worked for us.Best chicken cheesesteak in Philly, if you like spicy food they have an entire section of their menu dedicated to it!This place is so easy to get to and is huge. The food was so tasty and spicy. I got the spicy chicken cheese steak with highest spice level and the pepper on the garlic bread was such a great touch!! We enjoyed so much and will definitely come backA pizza spot, that also serves cheesesteaks with your choice of protein. I had their spicy chicken cheesesteak-mild. Be aware that whatever spice level you choose, you're going to get flavors typically found in Indian cuisine - something no other spot does in philly (i dont think). It was different and good... however, i found the meat to bread ratio off. Maybe I'll come back to try their pizza. Maybe not.I am a huge fan of Indian food! With that being said my Indian friend brought me here and I was confused at first. It is a pizza place located in a strip mall on Columbus boulevard. We walk in and I just see a bunch of different pizzas and a lot of beer. But what I did not know what they have the tandoori chicken cheesesteak and masala fries as an item not listed on their menu. It was my first time ever having something like this and I was intrigued. It was spicy and flavorful completely different then the traditional cheesesteak. Compliment it with the masala fries and I am in heaven. I have not had their pizza or hoagies but why eat that when they have this gem. If you are not fond of spicy food then this may not be for you. However you may be able to ask them to lower the spice level a bit. If you are in the area I would definitely recommend this place to any one who likes the flavor of Indian food and is craving a sub.Was in Philly for the weekend and wanted to give this place a shot. We got the tandoori chicken cheesesteak, egg keema cheesesteak, and masala fries. The cheesesteaks were good- they were spicy and flavorful. The fries were pretty basic, nothing special. It was overall decent food, but nothing crazy amazing.Do not even bother coming here if you're not Indian  , called little Sicily  not one Sicilian in hereThe only thing I've ordered here are the chicken cheese steak and masala fries so my review is purely based off these two items. I haven't tried the pizza, or any of the other items.
The Indian chicken cheesesteak is a must try. It is ground chicken (keema) minced with onion, pepper garlic and various Indian spices (masala) served in  a white roll. The spices used are authentic Indian spices so the flavor is very authentic of a chicken keema recipe. I try to stop by this place and get this sandwich almost anytime I'm in the area. If you see brown people walking in, you know they're ordering the Indian chicken cheesteak as well. I usually get medium spicy, but if you really enjoy spicy, you could probably take it up a spice level. Highly recommend this sandwich!The moment you turn into the gas station, you know the food is about to be OFF THE HOOK. This food has got me pumpeddddd to be living on this earth!!!!! THEIR INDIAN SPICY CHEESESTEAKS CAN SAVE LIVESSSSS. 
Tbh when I first saw it I was worried it was going to be dry. I was about to ask them to add some sauce to it but oh no. OH NO, could I be anymore wrong. This sandwich is absolute perfection. They have it down to a damn science. 
So get either the spicy chicken cheesesteak or spicy cheesesteak, either is phenomenal. My vegetarian friend got the vegetarian version and she said it was also bomb. The masala garlic bread is great too, again on the same fantastic bread. The paneer pizza was OK...not much to it. Would've wanted the pie to be more cheesy and gooey. But all in all- every bite here has got me feeling so blessed to be here.Very casual, not so great on ambience restaurant. The food here is exceptional. I have been here thrice and I love this place. Their bombay veg club and tuna veg club are amazing. Trust me when I say their tuna veg club is better than the subway tuna sub. We also the had the grilled chicken, which was decent only. This place never disappoints me.Passed this place a million times but never stopped in.  My wife always wanted to try their spicy chicken cheesesteak, so today was the day.
The restaurant is clean, the staff very friendly, and they have a wide beer selection.  Always nice to be able to grab a cold brew while waiting for and eating your food.
We kept it simple today as it was our first time here.  We got the spicy chicken cheesesteak and masala fries.  The chicken cheesesteak can be ordered at different heat levels (not spicy, mild, spicy, extra spicy).  We opted for spicy which provided a good amount of heat but it didnt burn your face off.
The masala fries, while they are just regular fries with masala seasoning on top, were very flavorful and crispy.  You honestly dont even need ketchup due to how well seasoned they are.
While they have standard pizzeria items, these two items along with a whole list are part of their spicy food menu (I feel they should take the plunge and just call it indian fusion as theres no fusion confusion here). I'm definately coming back to try other items off this menu as they also do a twist on pizza and spicy garlic bread.
We only got these couple items but from this experience I honestly have nothing bad to say.Amazing food, super clean, and infact I'm going there right now. P.S. I live in jerseyExcellent food especially the Indian menu !! Would order 30 minutes ahead of pick up and eat at home rather than at the joint!!The food is really good. We ordered chicken cheesesteak and masala fries. However, it took us 1 hr to get the food. During COVID there is a longgggggggg wait. My recommendation would be call and order ahead of time specially on weekends.Love there veggie club sandwich and spicy garlic bread! Great vegetarian options. There is a lot of great pizza in Philly but you have try there spicy paneer pizza!!! Unique and delicious!!Great food!!! Enticement for your taste buds!!! Good service & friendly staff!!! Go & enjoy!!!The food is great the chicken and cheese was the nice and spicy. The masala fries and the cheese were perfect and the spice was amazingThis is m favorite place to eat in philly, every friend that has passed through philly I have recommended this place. It is a unique blend of the famous Philadelphia cheesesteak and Indian spices. If you are not use to eating spicy then stick to medium or below because their food was really spicy. This place is amazing. The pizza they sell their too with the masala on top is pretty good too!Don't judge a book by its cover! This place gets five stars based on cleanliness, customer service and ofc, the quality of the food. 
I tried the spicy chicken and spicy beef cheesesteaks - both were really good! The spices used made this cheesesteak so unique from any other you can get. They have cut up meat instead of slices of meat, which is  definitely how I prefer my cheesesteaks, and they use amoroso bread - so soft! Spicy is definitely spicy so go mild if you're not huge on spicy food! We also got the masala fries with cheese which was good, but the cheesesteaks are what did it for me.
The customer service is great too. We had been waiting for our food a long time and they later realized it was accidentally picked up by someone else. They knew what we were drinking and gave us two more on the house. Mistakes happen - I appreciate a business that can accept their mistake, take ownership of it and make that mistake right.
Also, you would never tell that the place is so clean from the outside but it is! Countertops are spotless, food station was clean and even the bathrooms were clean!One of my favorite Philly (not so secret anymore) gems! I love their Bombay style sandwiches and the spicy chicken cheesesteak; can't ever go wrong. I only wish they were on some delivery apps!Best bombay sandwich. For all the Junk eaters this little hole in the wall has amazing bombay sandwich and garlic bread. Both of them with an indian twist. Watch out for the spice levels thoughAugust 16, 2020
I arrived about 7:20pm to order for the third time this week a slice.  I paid for the order and then the guy who took my money told me to wait outside and he will pass me my food through the window when ready.  I was taken aback.  His excuse was they were about to close.  The woman who ordered before me wasn't asked to wait outside.  I told him no and that I would wait by the counter as I did every other time I went there.  As I was waiting he asked noone else to wait outside.
Whether or not it matters to them they will never get my business again.We read about their secret menu online, and HAD to stop in to try the Egg Keema, Chicken Tandoori cheese steak and masala fries.
All were fantastic. Fries just had a dusting of seasoning, but were a good complement to the rest of the meal. Egg Keema was deceptively spicy - and we even got mild! The tandoori cheesesteak was perfect - also mild, but just the right level of spice. We also did an impulse addition of a pepperoni roll that was sitting behind the counter - phenomenal! Perfectly crispy, with gooey mozz and flavorful pepperoni.
The place is completely unassuming in a plaza on Columbus Blvd, but don't be fooled! The food's amazing.
Also the people are SO NICE! Great service.
We will be back!!!Good Cheesesteak but I was more impressed with plenty of seating, bathroom, beer, big screen TV, big slices for $2.50 and easy access to 95Absolutely delicious and portions are HUGE! I got the Bombay sandwich and the spicy chicken cheesesteak (from the spicy menu, if I'm not mistaken) and it's pretty darn delicious! I'm not a vegetarian and usually will always order food with meat in it, but the Bombay sandwich (vegetarian) was the highlight of the meal! It comes with masala fries (the masala on both the sandwich and fries is finger licking good), and it was enough for both my friend and I. The spicy chicken cheesesteak isn't your ordinary cheesesteak because it has cilantro and some spices in it, but still worth the try for a desi spin on a Philly staple. Staff is also very friendly!I've heard about this place from my friends so I did my research before going and immediately asked for the secret menu. I went with my family who are very picky when it comes to food and opt for an Indian palate wherever we go.  This place was nothing short of amazing. The interior is spacious and clean and has a very welcoming and comforting vibe with tons of drinks to choose from. We ordered the chicken tandoori cheesesteak and tandoori chicken pizza as well as the masala fries. The fries were seasoned so nicely and were served hot.  We immediately finished it up and ordered 2 more orders!  The cheesesteak was to die for!  I'm used to eating spicy things but this was SUPER spicy but you will want to keep eating because it is delicious and HUGE.   The pizza was the same: hot, bubbling, flavorful, and spicy! The staff was super helpful and nice.  All in all I had a GREAT experience and would come back in a heartbeat!The Indian-style chicken cheesesteak is amazing. So genius to make this spin off of a cheesesteak. The flavors are powerful and amazing. Must try!The Indian spicy menu is phenomenal. The flavors are amazing and we love the twist on classic philly flavors. We tried the spicy chicken and beef cheesesteaks and were mind blown. Will certainly return for more and are definitely eyeing the pizza for next time!This little pizza place looks like just another take out place in a strip mall, I must have passed it at least a dozen times and not bothered to check it out especially since Wawa is a couple of doors down. Thankfully a friend of mine mentioned that that they have Indian style pizza and cheesesteaks! Say no more!!!! I looked at the reviews and the pictures didn't disappoint, we went on a Sunday and it was so crowded, we decided to try the paneer pizza, cheesy garlic bread, masala fries and the chicken spicy cheesesteak. We also bought hard seltzer and some beer. 
Although the wait time was excruciatingly long, the food did not disappoint! So so good! 
I am going to bring my NJ friends, who can't stop bragging about how good the Indian food in jersey is!Spicy cheesesteak is a unique spin, and it's awesome. Paneer pizza is also awesome. This place makes Philly that much more what it should be.I used to love this place and was a super loyal customer. But we just got food from there today and it was super disappointing. They're definitely skimping on their portions and charging for every little thing. $0.50 for extra cilantro when on a different sandwich we got no cilantro. Which there was still some cilantro on the sandwich that was supposed to have none. Charged for $0.75 for Buffalo sauce and then they forgot it! We're probably done going here when it used to be our go-to spot. Very sad and disappointing!Popped in just to check out what they had and ended up with very satisfied stomach and tastebuds. The spicy cheesesteak is phenomenal and distinctively unique. The workers there are also very  friendly with a great sense of humor.Love love love the spicy chicken cheesesteak! It tastes so phenomenal. Love coming here every time to eat it.If you were to wander into Little Sicily 2 on a whim, you'd probably think it was just your cleaner-than-average, mom-pop Italian joint: pizzas by the pie or slice, hoagies, cheesesteaks, Stromboli, garlic knots. As a bonus, they've got an impressive selection of cold beer and malt beverages, and just about any soft drink your heart desires. I'll be honest though. It's inconspicuous from the road. This is a place I would have never, ever discovered on my own.
I challenge you, if you dare, to explore the "spicy" menu for items such as the Spicy Curried Cheesesteak, Kheema, and Marsala Fries. These are the exactly the three items my friend and I ordered, at his suggestion. As he grew up in India, I trusted his judgement when he suggested the "Indian Cheesesteak," and I am so glad I did. Everything we ordered was insanely delicious. It was all made super hot and fresh to order, and the best part? The three dishes with two drinks was only about $22 - that's super cheap for the quality of flavor and freshness in our food. Not only were the spices perfectly blended, the textures perfectly meshed - it was satiating, and I was full for the rest of the day. I had to physically stop myself from gorging, because it would have been very easy to keep going. I like to think of myself as fairly tolerant of spice, but between the three options of Mild, Medium, or Hot, I'm glad I went Medium. I don't think I would have enjoyed my meal if the spice level was much stronger than their Medium. Kheema, a chopped egg curry dish, was my favorite. It was served with hot, buttered Texas toast and is intended to be devoured with your hands. Go ham, no one will judge.
You can call ahead or walk-in, and you can order-in or take it to-go. If you decide to eat in, there's plenty of seating and even a couple of large TV's to indulge in Philly sports. Parking is plentiful, which is nice regardless of how you take your meal. To top it off, this place is squeaky clean and the staff is super friendly.Food is always hot and delicious! Grab a spicy chicken cheesesteak or masala fries. Sandwiches are great. Pizzas are great, especially masala pizza or buffalo chicken. And wings too! Basically everything I've tried has been very good and well priced.LOCATION:
- in the city of Philly 
- in a small shopping center with a gas station 
- plenty of parking available 
- hole in the wall, not the cleanest looking place. 
- alcohol sold in cans or bottles or in packs along the wall in fridges. Reasonable prices. 
FOOD:
- if you like spice, order under the spicy menu. There are different spice levels (mild, medium, hot)
- my friends and I shared our meals. My favorites were the masala fries, kheemo, and Philly cheesesteak 
- food is full of flavor and are served as huge portions. Easy to share one meal with more than one person. 
- no water cups available; be sure to bring your own drink or be prepared to buy a drink from one of their fridges
SERVICE:
- SLOW especially when there's a rush. We were there just before the dinner rush (around 5-6pm)
- friendly, answered questions 
OVERALL:
Would recommend this place. A hole in the wall place that serves flavorful foods. Affordable $4-10 for a decent meal. Don't pass up on this place.This place hit the spot! When you want a cheese steak but you're also craving Indian spices. This is your best bet. I would have never thought to put the two together but this place did it and I love them for it. 
It looks like your basic pizza place just a little bigger. Right when you walk in on the right side are all the 'spicy' options. I got two spicy chicken cheese steaks and one spicy beef steak. I must admit I enjoyed the Spicy Chicken Cheesesteak so much more. I also got spicy fries and the spicy garlic bread. All good and filling. Even my picky South Indian parents loved it! 
I can't wait to go back again!