I ate here last Friday for restaurant week lunch with my coworkers. One of my coworkers is a really picky eater, so we picked this place reasoning that if she didn't like something off the restaurant week menu, she could always order something plain off the regular menu. We were a little disappointed when we sat down and they told us we all had to either order off the restaurant week menu or the regular menu. We ended up deciding on restaurant week. Some of my favorite selections were the mushroom risotto balls, the meatballs, and the pistachio cannoli. The decor is really cute and homey- fitting for an intimate Italian restaurant. Overall, the experience was pretty average.We had a terrific meal here. Service is fast and friendly. Food is delicious. The Sunday Supper is a huge potion with a great variety in meats (meatball was the best). We also really liked the lemonade drink on their alcohol menu. Cute and small location can be tough to find at first.Amazing!!! Went with a couple friends and it was ex's you what we were looking for. Reasonable and delicious. We got the sangria and I had the gnocchi. Super flavorful. Only thing I wish was different was the portion size. I was still craving more unfortunately. It was almost a tease. I'll go back the next time I'm in philly. Also ask to sit in the greenhouse! It's in the back and super cozy and romantic. If you want to impress someone on a budget this is the place to go!The best spaghetti and meatballs I've had in the city. It's a cute little place inside with outdoor patio seating during warm seasons. Italian menu with descent wine selection- not so much beer. Worth a try if you're looking for a change of scenery.Simply delicious. Excellent food, ideal portions, pricey but worth it. Wish I could get the recipe for the Shaved salad...We had a great meal here.  The spaghetti  and meet balls were fantastic.  My wife really loved the lazagna, it is months later and she still talks about it.The service was very good.  Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy one dish.  The broccoli rabe was far too bitter for my liking.  I know broccoli rabe is bitter by nature, but it was pungent.  The bruschetta was so oily. The spaghetti and meatballs were cooked wonderfully, but had an extremely surprising, and unwelcoming smokey flavor.  This restaurant could be pretty great, with the romantic ambiance....However, the food and drinks seem to be trying way too hard to be different.  Everything was VERY fragrant and SALTY.  I don't get the amazing reviews?  I suppose the food and drink could just not be my taste?I really don't like to double up on restaurants unless they are the best of the best. In a city like Philadelphia there are so many amazing places that when you average a dinner out once a week you're sure to miss a ton if you start going to the same spots over and over again. That being said when my mother popped in a bit unexpectedly I decided I'd like to take her to LN's even though I'd been therea few months earlier.  
My first time here was fine, the service was great, my drinks were plentiful and the mussels we awesome. My meal was ok but all in all it made for a fine night. This second time around things were a bit different. 
Our party of five arrived at 8:00 and we were promptly sat. After pouring our water and giving us our menus we waited about ten minutes or so before our drink orders were taken. With my family this is a cardinal sin. You can wait on the food but don't keep our drinks from us! We got a bottle of wine and a few of us got cocktails. Then we waited again before we ordered appetizers. We asked that the garlic bread come out when it was was ready however this ended up being at the same time as our entrees. I went with the spaghetti and meatballs just as I had the first time I'd been there. It was fine, I wish we would have had some more cheese to sprinkle on top to enhance the flavor. The best dish was probably the clams and linguine my little brother got. If I make it back here this will most likely be my play along with the mussels. 
The food was fine, everyone loved the decor and atmosphere but boo summed up our waiter perfectly when she said he was half-assed. Out of any of the Turney / Saffron spots I've been this is the first time I've ever had half assed service.Fabulous food and beautiful restaurant! It's small and intimate but you always get privacy from people sitting around you!Love Little Nonna's for its comforting food and wonderful atmosphere. The meatballs and pasta is amazing.Restaurant week lunch special $20 3-course meal.
Not a very big place so reservation is recommended.
Friendly staff. 
First course for 2: Shave salad (good portion for an appetizer) and Stracciatella (just loved it. Olives and Bread was so good)
Second course: grilled herb chicken and bucatini mushroom. Very rich in flavor and delicious. The sauce on chicken was awesome.
Third course: Tiramisu (comes in a cup..cool concept) and Apple crostata (like apple pudding with vanilla ice-cream on top).
Everything was delicious. I definitely recommend Stracciatella, chicken and apple crostata. Their Rigatoni looked nice too would have loved to try it if only it came without sausage.Beautiful quaint Italian restaurant. 
The service was excellent and the food was superb!
The seating area in the outdoor garden area was something you would experience in Italy.Stopped in here with co-workers for a happy hour and we were able to get a seat on the patio, and that was the best part about my experience. The waitstaff were attentive without being annoying, as well.
The food was fine.My favorite is the "black noodle", which they serve only at night time. This is my sister's favorite Italian food restaurant. I like the garden a lot.We went here for dinner, the place looks very cool inside.  In general, their appetizers were amazing and the entree's were good. The meatballs and risotto balls were my favorite. For entrees, I had the pork chop and the orecchiette.  The pork was good and very different from any other pork chop I have ever had. The orecchiette was tasty, but I thought there were too many black olives tossed in there for the rest of the flavors. Both bottles of wine we had were also very good. Dessert was nothing special. I would stay away from the hazel nut cannoli- the hazel nut flavor overpowered everything else and the ricotta consistency was too smooth.Delicious!! I was so excited to find this place on yelp. I ran my thought by the hotel staff before I completed my reservation, and they also highly recommended it. It is very small...so reservations are highly recommended. If you don't have a reservation, you may be waiting outside on the sidewalk for a while. 
We had the fried green tomatoes to start with grilled bread, and the house spaghetti and meatballs for the entrée. The meatballs were huge...two came with each dish. They had a mixture of meats, and were filled with fontina cheese. I thought the sauce was great...you could taste a light basil and oregano. My description is really not doing this dish justice. The noodles tasted handmade to me...and the dish was just the right size. We all three finished our plates. 
Lots of wine choices, however this is not the place for fancy mixed liquor drinks. They don't carry too many bar type drinks. Stick to the wine...have three glasses, like I did! 
This is a great taste of Philly. I was so happy I found this restaurant. Sadly, we saved no room for dessert. Maybe next time.Loved everything about Little Nonna's!!!  Everything from the location to the wonderful staff this place is a top notch.  I loved that there was a parking lot right across the street which is great.  But the best part was without a doubt sitting out in "Nonna's" backyard under the lights enjoying a fantastic meal.  We took advantage of the tasting menu and loved it!!  $20.00 for 3 courses and each one better than the next.My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday night because I'm a fan of other restaurants associated with Little Nonna's and we were in the mood for Italian. The food was good, but I think I'd look for another Italian restaurant that offers better service before returning here. 
We called for reservations earlier in the day and all they had was 9:45 on a Saturday. That's totally fine for us, but I would never try going here on the weekend without reservations - the place was jammed with a 40 minute wait at 10pm. Luckily, we had our table reserved and got seated quickly. Their specialty cocktails all run $10 and I prefer just a simple vodka soda, so that's what I ordered. $12 and maybe a half shot of vodka. Don't make my mistake if you plan on drinking here. Next, we ordered and I wasn't starving so I ordered their meatball appetizer and my boyfriend ordered their Sunday Gravy - combination of 3-4 meats and their pasta of the day. He LOVED his and I would say that was the best part of our meal. My meatballs were very hot and hearty, and the polenta that accompanied them was a great combo. I'm glad we liked everything because our server hadn't been to our table since taking our order (he wasn't the one to bring out the food) so he would have never known if there were any issues.
Then, it was on to boxes and the check. We were meeting friends after so I was watching my clock to stay on time and it took us 40 minutes from the time we stopped eating to the time our server actually ran my card. Our server seemed totally oblivious to the fact we were just sitting there, empty drinks and food sitting in front of us, within the 5-6 times he walked right past us and never stopped. Don't get me wrong they were full, but their dining room has about 12 tables so I can't imagine not being able to take a card and return with a receipt for 40 minutes. 
Maybe it's best to try this place during hours that aren't typically their busy periods. The atmosphere and food have potential but their lack of attention to the handful of tables they have really takes away from this place.Soooooo good, best meatballs I have ever had, pasta was amazing and the tiramisu was off the hook!  My new fave!I'm from an Italian family and I would have to say this is one of the best Italian meals I have had outside of the meals my family cook. I would highly recommend this place to anyone that wants good Italian food.Salt.  Overwhelming salt. I
Ordered the Sunday gravy.  It was inedible.  When asked by the server about our meal,
I mentioned it was really salty.  The manager(?) came by to apologize and told us that they "salt heavy" and there are items she can't eat either.  So....they sent us more sauce (gravy).  I thought It was pretty clear that the sauce is what was salty.  They gave us free dessert-$7
(Which we didn't want) and still
charged us for the Sunday gravy-$24.  With so many great Italian options in Philly, pass on this spot.This was a great experience! Adorable old world chic feel with great food and service! The meatballs and garlic bread were a great app for the family. I would definitely recommend arriving for an early dinner we were able to have our choice of seating but it got very busy by the time we had finished.This place has really delicious hearty Italian meals. When it comes to meatballs and gravy its like grandmas cooking. My dad keeps asking when we'll be back.Our meal, in one word: Magical.
Started with the Stracciatella.  MUST GET.  Perfectly grilled moist bread served with a side of liquidy/melty/herby/amazing-y cheese.  Yes sir. 
Also got the Antipasto Board, which was DAMN good.  Looks like it changes on the daily but you will never be disappointed.  The Roasted Fig Bruschetta was also very good, but i felt that the bread was a little too oily for my taste.  Amazing never the less.
Did not get any entrees unfortunately, but all the plates that came out looked phenomenal.  Apparently the meatballs are to die for, and they are the size of a basketballs so i would, at the minimum, get a side of those.
The desert.  Jesus Christ. Had the warm apple pie desert which was the PERFECT fall desert.  Caramelized apples nestled in flaky salty crust topped with homemade creamy vanilla ice cream drizzled with a light flavorful caramel.  Your stomach tells you to stop eating but your brain is in another dimension and you just keep on eating.
But the star of the show was the Tiramisu.  Descending from the desert gods themselves, this plate of goodness is beyond anything that you'll ever experience in your life, ever.  So moist, so much flavor.  Calling it perfect is an understatement.  I'm literally salivating while I type this.  Just get it and thank me later.
Definitely going back.  Also Valeria Safran herself was there, bussing tables, which was AWESOME. You don't see a lot of successful restaurateurs throwing on some elbow grease and cleaning tables too often, but its awesome when you do.First time at Little Nonna's this afternoon for lunch. From start finish it was amazing! From the second we walked the staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is cute and old Italian, really reminded me of my grandmother's house. 
We started with a crafe of their sangria. For an appetizer we had the Wild Mushroom Arancini and for entrees we had the spaghetti and meatballs, meatballs with polenta, and the pan seared potato gnocchi. Everything was AMAZING. So delicious, full of flavor there was not a piece left. Definitely find your dessert stomachs too, we tried the tiramisu and apple crostata which was also amazing. 
The prices are reasonable for lunch and they also have a 3 course tasting menu for $20 which would be a great option too. 
Will absolutely be returning and recommending to everyone I know! Very conveniently located near Jefferson hospital area and the PATCO line.Went here again recently. Same as the first time - food was exceptional as we've come to expect from "the girls". The reason for 4 stars is our server disappeared after leaving the check. Turns out we see her gabbing away with the host at entrance. After a while I got up to get her attention, and she had the nerve to signal me from across she'll be over in a minute. We all thought she was rude and unprofessional to respond that way.I would like to list the highlights of our meal then deal with some of the things that resulted in the three star rating. 
The service was excellent. Friendly and attentive throughout the evening. The water glasses were always full, the food arrived quickly the table was cleared and cleaned after each course. The antipasti were clearly the hit of the night and had we stopped with them this would be a five star rating. The wild mushroom Arancini were delicious. Crisp and tasty with the truffle aioli. The lamb ribs in a honey balsamic glaze with fruit could not have been better, meaty and moist. Now for some of the misses.  My Negroni served in a small Mason jar with a giant ice cube was watery and tasteless. The shaved salad was a great idea with fennel celery root and Brussels sprouts had a heavy hand with the Lemon juice. The following items suffered from too much salt: the Stracciatella, the Sunday gravy and the Lemon Chicken entrees. Also , please do not charge for bread in this type of setting, it distracts from the Nonna atmosphere. For dessert the Apple crostata was outstanding and the Cannoli were crunchy and filled with the Pumpkin filling an excellent seasonal treat. There are so many choices for this type of food in the city who do it better. Sorry but I don't think we will return.My wife and I have been here twice now and are both big fans.  Our first time was for restaurant week.  We loved it so much, that I asked to go back for my birthday.  In general, I am not a huge Italian food fan but I love to find places that can overcome my general boredom with the typical greater Philadelphia Italian food scene.  Little Nonna's definitely makes the cut.  Two of our favorites are the BVP meatballs and Wild Mushroom Arancini.  If you're there on a Sunday, don't miss the chance to try the Sunday Gravy.  Adorable atmosphere, fabulous food, and great service ... what more can you ask for?The decor in this place makes you feel like you are at your non existent Italian grandmother's. Even if it is a little bit cramped. We were able to get a last minute eight o'clock reservation. They were very accommodating. I was the only one out of four to not get the house-made pasta but I did not totally regret it. I got the pork chop which was delicious. I also got the cheesecake to celebrate my birthday and it was divine.We were so excited to try this restaurant. We also visited their sister restaurant Lolita and thoroughly enjoyed that experience. Little Nonna was just not up to our expectation based on the Bon Appetit article and the reviews. The service was way too rushed which made me feel uncomfortable. We ordered a spaghetti and meatballs for our son and they were out in two minutes, quicker than our drinks...and they just weren't good. They were dry and the speed at which they came out made me super uneasy. We expected the Caesar to be better than it was...just a basic Caesar. Gnocchi was good, but the meal just felt off by that dish so it was hard to enjoy. Garlic bread and Italian soda were the highlights. I'm not sure if we were rushed because we had our son, but we went early and there were plenty of open tables so I'm not sure that was why. It was just an unsettling experience. Too bad, we loved Lolita.Wow is all I have to say.  The food quality is incredible.  We had the meatballs in polenta.  I never thought this would go together but holy cow was it a match made in heaven.  The polenta and sauce combined to make a light, fluffy and delicious combination.
We sat in the back/outside and we felt like we were in a secret part of the city.  It was really beautiful.I visited a few months ago while seeing Philly with my mom and I must say this was a good highlight. The pan seared gnocchi melted in my mouth, and the meatballs were amazing. The garlic bread is forever stuck in my mind. A small place but lovely waitstaff.Was unreal...wife and I went for our anniversary everything from start to finish was excellent...we will def be going back...In a city of Italian Restaurants you have to stand out. Yea, the Sunday Gravy was good, but not memorable. The menu is small and eclectic. In the city of brotherly love we want to be able to understand the menu and have a selection. Don't try and be too fancy... I needed a Coke!  What no Diet Coke? Who charges for bread??? Add $0.50 to the entree.... gimme some bread. Look there was nothing wrong and I'm glad I tried it.The whole family raved about the food. Fontina stuffed meatballs, Japanese eggplant parm, antipasti all were hits. Service was swift and helpful. Portions were generous - a pound of pasta with the meatballs, for example. Dessert included chocolate hazelnut cannollis and apple crustado. We will be back!Little Nonna's was the last restaurant we needed to visit to complete Philadelphias version of restaurant row (please let me know if there is another part of town with the same amount of restaurants). We came for a late dinner (the servers probably hated us) and it was delicious. Let me see we tried the charcuterie plate; cheese was amazing, the cured meats were pretty standard, We got this mushroom dish that was absolutely awesome! and we got something the mozzeralla cheese salad; way too much mozzerella for two people. I swear how do italians eat so much cheese? I felt like my arteries were clogging up as I chewed the mozzeralla. For the entree I went with Gnocchi (because I am on a mission to find the best Gnocchi) sadly i didn't think it was the best. For dessert went with the standard Tiramisu which was stellar to say the least.Absolutely gorgeous garden seating under the stars, and scrumptious Italian food. Had the cavatelli, spaghetti marinara, gnocchi, shrimp linguini as main dishes for our party. Dessert included cheesecake in a cute mason jar, tiramisu (with a kick of rum), and cookies with chocolate. Definitely not your run of the mill Italian fare!Delicious Italian food. Highly recommend. Had the wild mushroom arancini, meatballs, seafood grill, gnocchi, and tiramisu. All top notch. No complaints.Service in this restaurant even though very small was very good. Small tables hard to keep everything on it.  The pasta was home style and good but the downfall was it had a strong burnt taste to it as well as the meatballs which were burned.  The home made pasta was some of the best I ever had. Better than other home made pastas around the city and else where.
very well priced for a great amount of food. would have given 4 stars if the sauce wasn't burnt. Will try again in the future.Great pasta! 
The atmosphere is phenomenal and the service is great. BF got the spaghetti and meatballs - the spaghetti was average but the meatballs were stuffed with cheese and delicious!! I ordered the gnocchi which was flavorful but a bit small in portion for the price. I love their garlic bread and service! I recommend this place for anyone who wants to have a nice Italian dinner in city center/south philly area.The atmosphere in the courtyard is warm and beautiful. Unfortunately it was ruined by a woman at the next table who was constantly texting, throughout the entire meal, with her phone lit up. It is truly inappropriate to introduce the bright blue light and manic energy into other's space in this intimate setting. It would go a long way to institute a no cellphone policy.
We were excited all day to try the special spaghetti and meatballs dish, singled out on the menu. It proved disappointing--overcooked spaghetti was too soft, appeared store-bought when it really should be homemade at that price, and the bland sauce didn't taste good. Mediocre and overpriced.I had pan seared gnocchi here for the first time and didn't like it. Their meatballs, however, are fantastic!Came here for a late dinner one Saturday when my sister was visiting from NYC. My friend had said this was the best Italian in Philly so we said let's go. The restaurant is small but is very cute. It looks like the dining room of a house and there is a large outdoor covered patio area complete with twinkle lights, decoration and plants. The best thing about the patio was that it felt outdoors whiteout being at the mercy of the elements/weather. 
Speaking of the weather, it was a bit chilly the night we went. There were lots of people with reservations waiting in the nonexistent landing area at the front. The blonde hostess (don't know her name) asked us to wait outside which was reasonable since we were getting in the way of the servers. However her attitude put a sour taste in our mouths for the entire meal. I reasonably asked how long we should expect to have to wait (it was already past our reservation time) which I think was reasonable given that it was cold and we were to have to be outside. A 15 minute wait? Maybe I'll huddle in the nearby store, 5 minute wait? Maybe I can suck it up. Her response was extremely rude. She stared at me for a few seconds like I was being unreasonable and then was very condescending in her answer. 
It's a shame that the beginning of our dinner was tainted by this interaction because the food and ambience would have otherwise made this a four or five star review.Definitely one of the best Italian dinners I've had in the city so far. I came here for a restaurant week lunch and was absolutely flabbergasted by the quality of all the dishes on the menu (we basically tried everything because the options were limited *no complaints there* and my friend and I love splitting).
From the pulled mozzarella to the arancini to the orecchiette, and finally the chocolate pistachio cannoli... everything was droolworthy and impeccably prepared. The ambiance in the restaurant is unbelievably cute as well.
Would go back in a heartbeat.We went to Little Nonna's at the suggestion of the concierge. The food was divine and the drinks were exceptional. The snot sphere is cozy and the wait staff was very attentive. It is a great place for a date with someone you want to build memories with. We truly enjoyed every bite!Exactly what you'd imagine for an Italian restaurant atmosphere. Great little place with indoor and outdoor seating. Service was wonderful and the food was even better. We got the Caesar salad, big enough to share. But it was the polenta croutons that were outstanding. Then we each ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. Best meatballs I've ever had - the cheese continues to melt as you cut into it. But I highly suggest splitting this meal... so much food!My new favorite Italian place in philly. The food was UNBELIEVABLE!!! I also love the ambiance :) I had the gnocchi and my husband had the Sunday Gravy. We both cleaned our plates! I cannot wait to go back! Everyone's food around us looked amazing too, not sure what to get next timeI'm a huge fan of Little Nonna's. It was a bit of a wait because I didn't get a reservation, but there are a lot of other things to do in the area while waiting. 
We ordered the Spaghetti and Meatballs to share with a side of Garlic bread. I eat a lot but it was enough for both of us.REVIEW OF EASTER SUNDAY DINNER:
We finally made it to Little Nonna's, for Sunday dinner (they opened early at 3PM for Easter), and we had an excellent meal.
We started with a couple of the house-bottled cocktails, which were both very tasty and refreshing:
SICILIAN RUM PUNCH: Rum, Amaretto, fresh-squeezed pineapple, lime, blood orange ($10)--ordered 2 of these, it was so good.
ITALIAN LEMONADE: Citrus vodka, house-squeezed lemonade, thyme syrup ($10).
For two people, we shared the following (see photos), which was so much food that we couldn't really finish the single water ice we eventually ordered for dessert:
GARLIC BREAD: Scarone's seeded loaf, roasted garlic butter, sea salt ($5)--It's not the best garlic bread I've ever had, and I would prefer it to be crisper. But I liked the roasted garlic for spreading.
B+V+P MEATBALLS: Fontina-stuffed beef/veal/pork meatballs, soft polenta, San Marzano gravy ($11)--I'm guessing this might be Little Nonna's signature dish, and it was indeed very good. However, I thought it was rather heavily spiced for my taste, and because of that, I could see it being something you would feel strongly about one way or the other. Interestingly, when the meatballs were cut open, there seemed to be a lot less cheese in the center than in the photo accompanying Craig LaBan's review, so perhaps they cut it back due to his comments.
STEAMED MUSSELS: Fiorella's hot fennel sausage, charred corn, roasted long hots, garlic, white wine, basil ($12)--Excellent, right up until the moment I bit off half of the long hot and started hiccuping uncontrollably. Showoffs deserve what they get!
RICOTTA CAVATELLI: Housemade duck sausage, olives, garlic, broccoli rabe, smoked ricotta salata ($14)--Also excellent, this was my second favorite dish. I loved the texture of the perfectly cooked pasta.
ITALIAN SEAFOOD GRILL: Calamari, Gulf shrimp, roasted peppers, swordfish-zucchini speidini, white beans, salsa verde, lemon ($24)--My favorite dish, this had it all: tender shrimp, acidic artichoke, perfectly cooked calamari, excellent grilled bread for sopping up the juices...I will order this every single time I visit.
LEG OF LAMB: We didn't actually have this special, although it was sitting eye-level on the counter staring at us all afternoon, and it looked very tempting. But I'll post a photo of it anyway.
WATER ICE: Blood orange, basil ($6)--Well-made, and easily large enough for two. I'm sure many will like it, but it seemed just a bit unbalanced for my taste, with an awful lot of basil, covering up the citrus, and it was pretty sweet too.
WINE LIST: Fairly short, but with a good range of styles, and affordable. Didn't recognize many of the names, but I did enjoy a glass of Montepulciano ($10). Good stems.
Attractive, somewhat homey space, and I especially liked the missmatched "Italian grandmother" dinnerware. The noise level was moderately energetic, but not excessive, despite the full house. And I didn't find the space at all cramped, unlike some other commentators. But of course we sat at the kitchen counter (which is not reservable, and available on a first-come, first-served basis). However, you can look at the photo below, and judge for yourself. I gather they also have an ~40 seat patio, but I'm not sure if that was open yet.
$126 (not counting tip), which I think was reasonable for the quality and quantity of food we enjoyed (considering we left stuffed to the gills!). Service was excellent, although there was not a great deal of interaction with the 4 chefs in the kitchen. All the plates stacked in front of us tended to inhibit any possibility of conversation. I think making that counter a bit more open would be desirable (3 of the 5 high-top seats were unoccupied the entire time we were there).
Easy parking at an open-air lot a block away on the corner of Locust & 13th.
This is actually only the second time I've been to a Val-Mar restaurant (the other being, Lolita before it closed for remodeling). I have to say I was very impressed. Whether this really is a genuine ode to red sauce South Philly, I can't say for sure. I don't really go to those types of places, since none of them ever seem to be sufficiently praised by anyone who isn't already biased by having grown up with them.
But I did find Little Nonna's plenty good enough to stand on it's own, irrespective of whatever historical influences it may or may not have been inspired by.This spot is the coziest and most hipster Italian restaurant ever, with really tasty food. The place is tiny with seating for about 35 in the restaurant, and a small makeshift rear patio with seating for about 20.  On the inside, the red booths along the wall, the mismatch but comfortable chairs and random array of wall mirrors give this place a unique and refreshing charm. And the meatballs appetizer is worth the trip on its own. Incredibly flavored and giant, these bad boys are served over a heavenly cheesy polenta. Trust me, it works. This place is a gem in an already crazy good food district. It's a good overwhelming.We visited Little Nonna's for Philly restaurant week. Gnoochi was really disappointing. Each course was very hit or miss, with hit still not being amazing. Both my date and I had tummy trouble later after the meal.Food and service are generally quite good here, however, restaurant management requires some real improvements to better serve their clients. Three issues from our recent visit: (1) Ravioli as a main course only included 4 small pieces, and no side dishes. When we complained, there was no response from the kitchen or the management. (2) No bread is served, so we ordered garlic bread for the table (5 of us). They only brought out 4 pieces. Price was not an issue here; we would have paid more for the extra pieces. (3) Apparently the staff felt we were taking too much time, and there were continual subtle (and not so subtle) hints to move it along, and then to leave after we were served dessert. For any restaurant aspiring to be top level, this is a serious mistake.Fantastic gnocchi. Very light and melt in your mouth. Sauce wasn't red. It was more like a broth. I also had the stracciatella which is a cheese like a mozzarella. This cane with olives a grilled toast. It was smaller than I thought it would be but tasted pretty good. I would highly recommend this restaurant. I sat at the chefs table, which is a bar overlooking where the chefs cook.The gravy is real and not every Italian restaurant can say that, because sauce isn't gravy and gravy isn't sauce.  I'm so glad I found this cozy little gem in center city.
I recommend you...
Definitely take a date, or go with friends!
Definitely have some wine!
Definitely order the Sunday Gravy or Spaghetti & Meatballs!
...and then...Definitely have some more wine!
I will be back, soon!I've been to Little Nonna's multiple times and I swear it gets better each time. I've sat inside the restaurant and in the outdoor patio area. I believe the outdoor patio provides a less noisy environment but space is limited. Do not expect to get in without a reservation unless you want to wait at least 45 minutes to eat at the bar or hours to eat at a table. The spaghetti and meatballs and Sunday gravy are my go-tos. The garlic bread is a must and the arancini is excellent as well. One time I went they had octopus that was also delicious. I recommend the Sangria cocktail by the carafe as well. I would 100% recommend Little Nonna's to anyone who want genuine, excellent Italian food.Came here for dinner with couple of my friends. I have to say that service, ambience and food is absolutely delicious. I love cute hipster outdoor places and their outdoor patio is exactly what I wanted. 
Food: I got their gnocchi, and my friend got meatballs. Their food portions are small than average. I'm a very picky eater and meat wise, I only eat chicken so the menu was very limited for me and plus they have a very small menu. I would still come back here again...maybe for lunch, when I'm not so hungry and don't have to get a huge plate full of food.After reading about the meatballs being the " best in philly" I had to break away from a convention at the pcc and run. It was worth it! 
Also, the atmosphere and friendly staff make the whole experience wonderful. I'll be going again soon with friendsSeating area is beautiful especially the garden which has a handy fan for the overly warm summers. The food however is not great. In all the dishes we ordered the taste of garlic was significantly stronger than anything else in the dish making them all taste almost the same. The broccoli in the bucatini was insanely bitter and ruined the pasta.We came here on a Friday and really liked it. I loved the ambiance and home feel of the restaurant. The gnocchi was phenomenal as well as the garlic bread with fresh garlic on the side. We also got nonnis spaghetti and meatballs which was really good however we were not huge fans of the meat balls. Overall we had a really good experience!Had another great dinner tonight at Little Nonna's. We decided to try the patio for the first time and loved it! We had a waitress whom we have had before and as always, she was attentive but not overbearing. We weren't ready to order entrees off the bat because we weren't sure how full we would be until after we had finished the first course. She was totally fine with that and didn't rush us to make a decision. As per usual, the meatballs and polenta were the star of the evening. The beet salad was a close second favorite but everything we had was great. I with the garlic bread came with a bit more garlic, that last few times we've gotten it we have felt like its a lot of bread and not a lot of garlic (can you ever get enough roasted garlic in your life though?). We were given a complimentary glass of prosecco for our anniversary which was unnecessary but so appreciated! Little Nonna's remains a favorite of ours, we'll be back soon!This little place brought me back to my Italian-American roots! The flavors were authentic and thoughtfully created. Little Nonna's serves classic, traditional Italian cuisine - the way it's supposed to be made. The ambience on the back patio is so intimate and romantic, especially at night with all the lights aglow. Highly recommended for a date night or a weekend outing with friends and family! It's conveniently located right near the Academy of Music, so if you're looking for a post-performance bite to eat, Little Nonna's would be a fantastic option! (However, to be safe, placing a reservation beforehand would likely be a good call, as I have the impression that I'm not the only one who knows that this place is a gem!)I came here last night with my boyfriend. We sat at the chefs counter which was great! We got to see all the orders being made and all the delicious food. My boyfriend ordered the meatballs and spaghetti - he said it was good. I ordered the branzino- I didnt like it. It was very fishy, almost inedible. I didn't think it was cooked all the way and over seasoned. I ate maybe half of it. The waitress was friend and the ambiance was nice. However the food was ehh and it is expensive for what it is.Little Nonna's is cute as a button in decor and the food is absolutely delish. Having sampled the garlic toast, which by the way, is served with the whole roasted head of garlic on the side (in case you don't really care to kiss your date that night) was great. We also tried the wonderful arancini, the spaghetti & meatballs, and the Italian Mixed Grill (all sorts of goodies from land & sea), but my absolute favorite (and it may sound silly because it's just a salad) was the heirloom tomato caprese! Plump, sweet heirloom tomatoes dance on a plate of fresh pesto, garlic/ balsamic reduction, an amazing dome of fresh mozzarella and topped with crispy prosciutto... Yes, I said crispy.  Just go... Make a reservation already. You're welcome.Wonderful Italian meal! We shared the Sunday gravy, spaghetti and meatballs and Italian grill. The entrees were superb. Tiramisu was fantastic service was great. Would highly recommend!Decided to try Little Nonna's on a whim and was very pleased! We managed to snag 2 counter seats without a reservation. The restaurant was packed around 8 pm on a Thursday evening. The space is tiny and intimate. I love the twinkle lights strung across the restaurant. Delicious smells are pouring out of the open kitchen which is separated by rustic copper pots hanging from the ceiling. It's got an old school feel with a modern twist.
We split the mushroom arancini, side of garlic bread, eggplant parmesan and linguine alle vongole. Everything was delicious, and my friend would go as far as saying "this is the best eggplant parmesan in Philly!". The linguine was tossed in a wonderful garlic sauce and the mushroom arancini and eggplant parmesan were so savory! To finish, we ordered the tiramisu, but it looks like you can't go wrong with anything on the dessert menu. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that many of the menu items contain pork, so the dietary restriction can be limiting for some. This is a great spot for a date or small group of friends (4-5).This place is awesome! This was the second time that I was there and I loved every part of it.
We had the pleasure of sitting in the "Garden" in the back and it was perfect. The restaurant week menu was perfect. We started with the meatballs and they were amazing!! The BVP combo was on point! From there I had the Heirloom Tomato pasta and it was the freshest ever! So good. We finished it off with a pistachio cannoli that was delicious.
I would definitely recommend Little Nonna's to anyone that is interested in a fantastic Italian meal.Not the place to be per my check in comment.  Food was ok.  Good atmosphere.  Ok wine selection.  Maybe they were off tonight.   I've had several people recommend this place.This is probably the best Italian place I have ever been too-- we found this gem by accident, and never looked back! Every thing.. and I mean everything had SO MUCH FLAVOR.  To start, we had the garlic bread and one other thing I can't remember the name of.. it it was delicious!! We had the spaghetti with meatballs, the shrimp pasta and the penne with vodka sauce for entrees. Oh, and did I mention we got all this to go?!  ... it was amazing as take out.. I'm sure it's mind blowing fresh out the kitchen.Holy crap! This place was incredible!!! The menu has some interesting options...not like the standard, boring Italian menu. The meatball is a must-try, the gnocchi was fantastic, and the macaroni of the day will haunt me until the next time I am back in Philly! In addition to its fantastic food, Little Nonna's is intimate, mid-block (like all of my favorite restaurants) and has fantastic service. Highly recommended and a must if you are searching for a standout in Philly.As a lover of all things created by the ladies that own 13th st, I am very surprised to be  giving this only 3 stars.  I went for dinner on a friday night with Justin G, Colleen D, and Casey M with much anticipation.  We decided to order a bunch of plates for the table to share and overall we were underwhelmed.  It's possible that I am overly biased since I grew up with great italian cooking...but all four of us agreed there was nothing amazing about the food.   I'd like to give it a try again in the future in the hopes that it was an off night but with so many great places to eat in Philly, it's not too likely.  I still can't rave enough about Barbuzzo or Jamonera but Nonna's just didn't do it for me.I had dinner here in early December. Came in by myself and sat at the Chef's bar, had the roasted beet salad (special for the night) and the bucatini The beet salad was lovely, fresh ingredients, clear flavors. The pasta was perfectly al dente, carbonara with guanciale was creamy and delicious. This meal, the inviting staff, and comfortable, warm atmosphere made me very happy on my last night in Philadelphia!Wow!! Little Nona's was divine from the period kitsch decor, to the candlelit tables, to the welcoming staff. And the food? Absolutely prepared with love. The shortrib was fork tender, the meatballs gorgeous, the winter salad full of texture and flavor, and the list goes on and on. Nona, we'll be back to visit again real soon.Came here before a concert and it was DELICIOUS. It's definitely a little pricey, but the Pan Seared Gnocchi was worth it. It's definitely one of the better Italian dishes I've had in the city. And if you're willing to spend 12 dollars on a glass of Prosecco, theirs is pretty frickin tasty. 
PRO TIP: If you have more than 4 people in your party, call ahead. There isn't a ton of seating.Great casual Italian date night spot. My girl and I got the spaghetti and meatballs and Sunday gravy for dinner and the garlic bread for an appetiser. The bread is grilled crispy and it comes with fresh roasted garlic to spread over. The spaghetti and meatballs are a huge serving and the meatballs are some of the best we've ever had. The Sunday gravy is a meatball, sausage, beef dish served in simmering marinara with pasta on the side. The meats are super tender and delicious. Try to get a seat outside as the little garden is really original and different for a dining location.An Italian restaurant getting five stars from me?  That's a rarity.  I'm kinda bored with Italian food ... but Little Nonna's is awesome.  First it looks cute - especially its rear outside courtyard replete with a clothesline.  At night white lights illuminate.  Don't worry about the rain - it is all under Plexiglas cover. 
Now the food.  I ate the best meatball that I have ever eaten anywhere in the world.  This meatball is large and incredibly tasty and served over a bed of polenta.  The seafood mixed grill which consisted of swordfish, calamari, and shrimp was also tasty.  Add a little pepper and it comes even more to life.  For desert, a pistachio cannoli perfectly his the spot.
Service was friendly and competent.  Little Nonna's deserves those five stars,Tried out Little Nonna's with a friend on Friday. I was excited to try it based on glowing recomendations it had been given by friends. To be honest, I was mostly unimpressed. The place is definitely small and LOUD. you're practically sitting on top of each other. I'm glad I wasn't on a date. The menu isn't large and the entrees all start at $16. They serve some alcohol and also let you B.Y.O.B. BUT they charge a $25 uncorking fee which I think is outrageous.
We got an order of the garlic bread as an app which was yummy. My friend got the "Sunday Gravy" which was a little pricier but def delicious! I got the shrimp and linguine but without the jalopenos and it was exactly what I wanted. We also put a lot of consideration into getting the spaghetti and meatballs which looked and smelled great as well. 
We looked at the dessert menu but decided not to get anything. They  tried to put a twist on a lot of Italian classics that made them not sound so appealing. I was also disappointed they didn't have any type of coffee on the dessert menu. Overall, the service was friendly and good. The food was very yummy I was just slightly disappointed by the limited selection and noise level. Especially for the price.one word recommendation FLAVOR
i've been craving spaghetti & meatballs and some italian gravy so came on a sunday night. service was good, def recommend reservations.
the caesar salad was probably the best thing i had... which is sad. the dressing was full of flavor and their homemade croutons were so cheesy and delicious. 
the meatballs were super dry and the cheese in the meatball wasn't melted at all, it was almost lukewarm. but the spaghetti sauce had NO FLAVOR. sooo bland! i think having the short ribs in the sauce WITH meatballs is a bit too much. they should focus on putting better flavor into the sauce and cooking the meatballs perfectly.
everyone knows this place for its spaghetti and meatballs and it was very disappointing.
not to mention my boyfriend got the sunday gravy.... and a couple of the macaroni in it was half cooked.. you could see the dry starch in the middle.
All in all, Little Nonna's needs to focus on its main star, Spaghetti and Meatballs. Make the meatballs flawless and put some salt and seasoning in the pasta!!Loved this Italian restaurant. It's quaint, almost like sitting in someones kitchen. The service was excellent and the food selection was plentiful
I had the house rose wine and it was delicious. Perfect with  my meal.
We ordered a few dishes for 2:
WILD MUSHROOM ARANCINI - Risotto balls with mozzarella and aioli. This was crispy and delicious
EGGPLANT PARMIGIANA - This was a different take on eggplant parm. It wasn't your traditional layers, rather they had it baked in strips and the pesto, marinara and burrata was layered on top. For someone who is not a huge fan of eggplant, i was a big fan of this
RIGATONI ALLA VODKA - We had this without the sausage and it was delicious! The dish was customizable. The vodka sauce was tasty and light
We had an order of garlic bread as well which was garlicy enough without the huge clove that it comes with.
Loved this place, it was delicious. Highly recommended.Oh my Gosh! Do yourself a favor and go eat here. What to get: wild mushroom aranciti and the Sunday gravy. Honestly, this may be my new favorite Italian restaurant in Philly!I stopped by Little Nonna's based on a friend's recommendation. I am glad that I did! The ambiance was really cozy and the food was incredible! I ended up ordering the meatballs with polenta as my main course (the waitress explained that the portion from the spaghetti meatball entree is very large) with a Cesar salad as a starter. The salad was good--the standout were the warm polenta croutons. I was skeptical of those until I tasted one--they were delicious! The meatballs were the best I have had anywhere, and the polenta they came on was extremely creamy and lush. I would strongly recommend this place if you are seeking good Italian food. Wonderful experience all round.I have been here twice in the last 18 months and I just can't stop thinking about the wonderful food, service, and atmosphere.  Make reservations and treat yourself to a meal that you won't regret.
The Sunday Gravy is a must have - the pasta will depend on what the daily macaroni is, but it will always be delicious.  The rich red sauce, the tender bracciole, the snappy sausage, and the amazing fontina stuffed meatball can be shared, but you'll want to devour it all for yourself.
The other stand out entree is the pan-seared gnocchi.  It is served in a lightly truffled butter sauce with peas... I wake up some mornings thinking about these light, fluffy pillows from heaven.  If you have only ever had gnocchi that are chunky, dense wedges of starch swimming in sauce - do yourself a favor and give these a try.  They are life changing.
I have tried all of the desserts, and the tiramisu is my absolute favorite.  Even if you can't eat another bite at the end of the meal, get it to go.  It is totally worth it and it also travels well and is delicious the next day.
The service was great on both visitors, but exceptional on my last visit in November 2017.  Our waitress was friendly, smart, super accommodating, funny, and made our meal better by her presence.8/26/2016 was my second visit to this outstanding place.  I learned from my first visit that the food and ambiance are very good.  Today's visit proved it.
We made a reservation (strongly suggested) for a table inside, having dined al fresco the first visit, thinking the August heat would detract from the meal.  Nice table, very good service, great Chianti, fun ambiance (two separate choruses of "Happy Birthday"), but the star was the outstanding food.
The Beets & Citrus salad was perfect.  Meaty slices of deep red and yellow beets with some Bermuda onions all excellently prepared - not too tender.  Blood Orange, zest, ricotta, and pistachios pushed this salad from "an item" into "an experience."
I recommended the Sunday Gravy for my friend who was as positively impressed as I was on my first visit, and as many other reviewers are.  It brings me back to my own Sunday dinners at my grandmother's home.  The meatball and short rib in the gravy make it extraordinary.
I ordered the swordfish which was grilled, perfectly seasoned, and served atop an incredible melange of textures and flavors: citrus, pickled golden raisins, asparagus, and crispy prosciutto (!!!!).  Wow!  
Dessert was the Hazelnut Canoli.  Unlike any other, it was hands down the best canoli I have ever eaten.  The shell was impossibly light and crispy, loaded with toasted hazlenuts, wonderfully soft, smooth and rich filling, on top of chocolate ganache. Don't miss it!
This dinner was planned to celebrate a life event.  It turned into a cause for celebration itself.  THANK YOU, Little Nonna's!Amazing food and very reasonable for the quality! I love Italian and this was hands down the best Italian dinner I've ever had. Definitely a local spot and the Philly natives next to us said the place is so amazing the line often goes out the door to get seated. We believed it! The meatballs are the best with cheese melted in the middle and they're huge. I HIGHLY recommend! And be sure to sit in the enclosed patio, it's just magical at night.Could not be cuter inside. 
Wild Mushroom arancini should not be missed. 
Loves the meatballs, though the pasta could have used a touch more salt. 
Fusilli was also very good.
Prices are really reasonable if you aren't a huge eater and if you don't tap in to the booze.Cute little Italian restaurant downtown, the food is amazing the stuff is great too !! The only thing that I do not like is that everyone is seated on top of each other so it makes it hard to have a private conversation!Excellent, excellent, just wonderful. Everything about this place is superb. The food, the staff, the service, the ambiance, extremely great. The wait wasn't long but you have to rsvp and the longest you'll probably wait is 15 minutes is crowded. The setting is quiet and warm, yet soft and charming, perfect for date nights. My waiter was polite and very welcoming. My boyfriend and I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. Omg it was so good. That's a much order. Softest, most flavorful meatballs I've ever had.and the spaghetti was great. The garlic bread is the best on the planet, no lies....try it. Buttered three times to perfection and so soft in your month unlike any I've ever had. This place is just marvelous. If you're in the downtown area this is a must visit.The duo team of Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran has yet to let me down.  I've enjoyed Barbuzzo and Jamonera so on a rainy night we decided on a little italian with Nonna's.  I prefer coming to smaller establishments on weekdays; in my opinion their less crowded, not as noisy, and you get better service.  I made a 9p reservation and there was multiple seatings available.  We got the table right next to the window.  It was such a lovely atmosphere.  An impromptu date night that went from drinks to desserts. 
I ordered the rum punch but preferred the flavors of the sazerac better.  The straciatella just melted in my mouth.  I seriously would have just been happy with the grilled bread that accompanied it.  I opted for the potato gnocchi and the guy got sunday gravy.  I loved that the gnocchi was pan seared.  The mushrooms were delightful and the sauce I could've literally just slurped, but held back!  The guy enjoyed his meat filled entree.  That bread catches up with you.  We both had leftovers to enjoy the day after.  No complaints here.  Their tiramisu was freaking great.  The crushed pizzelle was a nice touch.  I liked that they served it in a cup.  No worries about making a huge mess on a plate to get every bite.  
Definitely try this place for an intimate italian dinner.  Don't forget they have outdoor seatings as well.Being from out-of-town and only in Philadelphia for three days, we were looking for an Italian restaurant with decent food close to our hotel.  We found Little Nonna's in a Google search of nearby restaurants.  The reviews, for reasons now unbeknownst to us now, were good.  So despite the very limited menu (they only have five entrees aside from three fish dishes), we tried it.  One of the five entrees was spaghetti and meatballs, which we both love.  At $19.00 it is one of the priciest spaghetti and meatball plates we ever had.  But if it was that good, we decided to suck up the high price for one of the cheapest and most profitable dishes a restaurant can make.  They gave us a table without reservations with the provision we finish within 45 minutes.  Our spaghetti and meatballs were served fairly quickly.  What a disappointment.  The meatballs were seriously overspiced.  The spaghetti was undercooked.  The sauce was okay.  Not bad, but not good.  We left $52 lighter (two plates of spaghetti, one small coke and the tip), quite dissatisfied and still hungry because we left most of our meatballs and some of the pasta behind.  There were two women sitting next to us who told us that it was their first time there as well, they were in Philadelphia on business and read the reviews like us.  They were equally dissatisfied.  And they left their meatballs behind as well.  This really makes us wonder if restaurants such as Little Nonna's pay a subscription fee to Yelp which in turn hides the negative reviews and does not count them in the calculation of stars.I had a hunch when I was looking for an authentic Italian meal in downtown Philly and saw the listing for Little Nonna's.  My hunch was right and I am so glad we followed it.  I didn't make a reservation because we were spending a leisurely day at my favorite museum the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  I called, got some info and even though they were booked we headed toward Little Nonna's.  Hannah had mentioned they had a four seat chef's table overlooking the kitchen!  It was first come first served but I was ready to roll the dice.   I love being immersed in the total culinary experience.  We arrived and secured parking which is no small feat on a Friday night in downtown Philly.  When I met Hannah she told me we could expect a 15 minute wait and recommended a nearby bar to grab a drink and relax.   She was on the money and sent a text that our spot was ready!  Keep reading - I know this is lengthy and I haven't even talked about food yet but we had such a great overall experience at Little Nonna's in the City of Brotherly Love that I just can't leave out the details!  So here we are front and center with the kitchen crew knocking out dishes right and left.  Linda was expediting and we were able to see beautiful plates and smell delicious aromas from each dish.  Heavenly!  After seeing their spaghetti with meatballs we could not pass it up.  Fontina stuffed meatballs almost as big as your face and slow braised pork in the marinara sauce!!!!  Yes, please.  We split the order - we did - along with an order of garlic bread which arrived with a whole roasted garlic bulb.  We also chose a carafe of a perfect Abruzzo.  Each bite was so delicious.  The kitchen crew was still rapidly turning out dish after beautiful dish.  I already wanted to come back for another meal.  Our fabulous server Lydia brought us a side dish of Parmesan which we liberally spooned on our delicious feast.  One order fed both of us and we can put away some Italian food!  The restaurant is small, quaint, comfortable and I highly recommend that you visit!  It is SO good!  Just when we thought it couldn't get any better we were presented with a homemade tiramisu complete with birthday candle for my hubby's birthday.   Well played Little Nonna's!!  Well played.  This is the real deal start to finish authentic Italian dining experience!Came in during lunch hour during on a Saturday. The food was great and lived up to my expectations without breaking the bank. I enjoyed the set menu for $20 which came with a reasonably sized appetizer, main, and dessert. One thing I wasn't too happy about was that there was a dead fly in my water and when I told the waitress she didn't apologize or seem to care much about that (she did give me a new glass). But other than that food was good.Yes, this place is pretty damn good. On a recent trip to Philly we ended up here per a friend's recommendation. We sat out in the patio and had a lovely server. Good service, good music, great food.  Seriously- their take on the bruschetta was fantastic. Our entrees were both great, we both had great pastas, my date with the spaghetti and meatballs, and she declared them to be the best she's ever had. Dessert was fantastic as well.Amazingly flavorful. I've had lunch twice and plan to enjoy dinner there, very very soon. I must try everything on the menu.Finally tried out this cozy, charming Italian restaurant last Saturday night. My friends and I were seated in the heated outdoor garden/courtyard. We didn't make reservations so the only available seating was a picnic bench that would be shared with another party. It was still private and we weren't cramped, so we didn't mind! I might make a reservation the next time I go though.
Food was delicious. Service is great and the portions are good for sharing family style. Out of the handful of recommendations our waitress gave us, we got the antipasti platter (special), Tufali Nero, Pan Seared Gnocchi, and the Sunday Gravy. All of them were great! I will be back!Loved sitting in the covered patio!! The lights and decor were so cute. 
We ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and the rigotoni for dinner.  The portions are HUGE.  I feel like we could have just shared the spaghetti and meatballs instead of ordering two entrees.  The butternut squash rigotoni was delicious, but I could only finish half. The meatballs were tasty, but I wouldn't call it the BEST.  Had no room for dessert unfortunately because we were too full!Had a terrific meal here last night with my girlfriend and two friends. The decor is adorable. They were clearly aiming for a grandma's kitchen vibe, and they nailed it. But it's still quaint and dim enough to be a cozy date spot. 
The food is served as it's ready and meant to be shared family style. Everything we had was delicious. I especially loved the mussels and the linguine vongole. If you're a mushroom fan, get the arancini. You also can't go wrong with the meatballs. The shell was also super tasty, and my girlfriend flipped for the lemon chicken. 
Service was prompt, and there was a nice wait between the starters and the main round of food. They have house made cocktails, wine and a few beers -- I had the sgroppino, which includes a scoop of water ice and was served in an adorable old school cocktail glass. 
Great atmosphere and even better food. We will definitely be back!Good but very limited menu and seating. No eggplant parm or other traditional
Italian choices. But pretty decent food!Best Italian meal I've ever had! I'm a huge fan of Ralph's in south Philly, but this was amazing.....felt like I was in my grandmas kitchen! From the Arancini to the Sunday gravy to the cannolis it was outstanding!Excellent old school southern Italian. Great pasta. Try Nonnas Sunday gravy. Good stuff. The atmosphere is cafe style. A little cramped but worth it for the food. Good service, efficient  hostess. Reasonable pricesI let them know they gave me the wrong dish , and All I got was a bunch of questions.. be accountable for your mistakes !!Service was great and food was wonderful! We had the meatballs with spaghetti, chicken parm and garlic bread, everything was greatI wanted so badly to like this place! The atmosphere was tight ! The decor reminiscent of grandmom.  The food mediocre.  I had the stuffed shell.  The pasta part was not fully cooked but the filling was good.  The appetizer garlic bread had potential but the Texas toast square were like rubber not fresh and that spoiled the appetizer.  Overall it is overpriced Olive Garden !  Sorry little nonnas I will try again but not for a long time.Great classic Italian vibe and romantic ambiance that you strive for when looking for a date night restaurant. The drink options are endless with a fully stocked bar, and the dinner was delectable. Service was excellent, the server was kind enough to make wonderful wine and appetizer suggestions along with being courteous about a nut allergy when it came to dessert. We will be back!My fav place when I am in Philly for spaghetti and meatballs. Love this place, dined in and carry out received good food and generous portions.Good! Small, adorable and what you'd expect from this restaurant. Food was good but didn't wow me like barbuzzo. Cesar salad was Delish as well as the wild mushroom risotto balls (a little too salty). I had the Rigatoni in a Parmesan pumpkin sauce with spicy sausage,which I enjoyed. My friend had the spaghetti and meatballs which was pretty good and lasted her three days of leftovers!! Hazelnut cannoli was very great! Service was  decent, waitress didn't know much about the wine though. Cute bathroom but chilly. Restaurant is cozy and adorable.I love the atmosphere here. It's got eclectic decor, great lighting, and feels perfectly intimate. It is a small place, so reservations are definitely recommended. 
The gnocchi had a perfect texture. I would have liked the truffle taste to come through a bit more, but the sauce was tasty nonetheless. The rigatoni alla vodka was delicious, the crispy prosciutto adding great texture and saltiness. The pasta plates are small, but satisfying.Had a nice date here with my husband. They just opened this week and you can tell they are on their toes making sure everything is running smoothly. Server(s) were nice and attentive, food was delicious and atmosphere was fabulous. Cozy but not crowded. Beautiful and stylish yet comfortable. A must-visit.
We enjoyed a classic menu of garlic bread, grilled caesar (the dressing, polenta plus being grilled was a great twist), stuffed shell, lemon chicken and apple crostata. I recommend them all. Loved the wine list too. 
Looking forward to another visit!Super cute Italian place - the inside is small and intimate (perfect for a date!), but for larger parties they also have an outside "garden" area that's extremely cute and fits larger parties.
Overall, in terms of food, and specifically appetizers, Little Nonna's definitely delivers in its wild mushroom arancini balls dish. (My favorite of the night!). The texture and taste and both absolutely perfect (crusty outside, warm and soft on side).
The seared octopus was a bit on the saltier side, but the searing the creates a unique smokiness that I've never really experienced anywhere else.
Additionally, I've had the pan seared gnocchi, bucatini carbonara, and chicken liver bolognese. All pastas were great! My favorite was the chicken liver bolognese.
For desserts, the tiramisu is fantastic (had it twice now!). The first time I came, I had the hazelnut cannoli, which wasn't that great despite what other reviews say (it was on the bitter / too powdered side and the texture was unpleasant).
Knocked off a star mainly because of the wait time at this place. I went around 6 PM for dinner, when they were just starting to get busy, but already by then, they took 2x longer than they should have in bringing our next course & moving us along. 
Nice staff, decor, and food in general though! Would definitely recommend if you want a quaint and authentic Italian restaurant in the Gayborhood.My husband and I went to Little Nonna's last night to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary.  We absolutely LOVED it.  It's a tiny restaurant and the decor is adorable. We ordered a carafe of Italian lemonade which was delicious.  We ordered garlic bread while we waited for our dinner.  It is served with garlic butter inside of a garlic clove.. So good.  I had the Lancaster chicken and he had the swordfish, we both loved our dinners.  Then we shared the cheesecake for dessert which was the best cheesecake I've ever had.  Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. Highly recommend this place!Another 13th street restaurant did not disappoint! After going to Lolita and Jamonera, Little Nonna's was last on my list. I came here for 3 other girlfriends for a Friday lunch on the first weekend they opened the garden, and was heartily satisfied. 
Firstly, the restaurant seems intimate enough for a small group yet accommodating for larger groups! The garden was not the most scenic (especially compared to that of Wedge & Fig), but it was pleasant regardless sitting outside in the sunshine. I don't quite remember our service, but was entertained by the beautiful serving plates and glasses. 
We ordered the Bruschetta, Eggplant Parmigiana, Swordfish Saltimbocca, Pan Seared Potato Gnocchi, and Ricotta. Each dish was cooked to perfection, and while the portions were not huge, they were perfect for sharing and tasting the delicious flavors. We did see that the spaghetti and sandwiches seemed like HUGE portions for their price, so perhaps that is the way the go if you're looking for most food for your buck (I am confident in the food quality of all menu items here). 
Overall, a delightful culinary experience; I cannot comment on the greatness of its traditional Italian food, but Little Nonna's did not disappoint when compared to its 13th street conterparts. It's wonderful that the four (five?) restaurants all have different cuisines too, and all excel at what they do. I think my ranking would have to be
1. Lolita 
2. Little Nonna's
3. Jamonera
4. Barbuzzo.Excellent food. We had the spaghetti, clam pasta, sea bass, and lemon pea pasta. The standout was definitely the spaghetti (which easily feeds two people) and the garlic bread. You have to order the garlic bread. Ridic. The only downside was that our food came out in under ten minutes. We were trying to make a nice evening of it and we all felt like everything was being rushed so the next table could come in. #americaYooooo this place is great. Arancini is outta this world, gnocchi delicious as well. Very affordable, high quality, Italian eats. Back courtyard is absolutely beautiful. Very romantic.Great menu. Even greater specials. Preparation was a bit off. (Go easy on the salt and on how long you cook the pasta, please.) Adorable spot, but was disappointed that "outside" is actually covered with a plexiglass roof and therefor stuffy rather than airy. Servers were pleasant and attentive. I look forward to going back.Came here for lunch and tried out the lunch tasting menu.
Course 1 - arancini, they were very crispy on the outside and the dipping oil/sauce was a great match, my wife and I both thought they were delicious.
Course 2 - buccatini, huge portion but pretty average overall
Course 3 - tiramisu, I thought it was decent but not amazing.
The tasting was only $20 but it probably could have almost fed 2 people because of the large portions.
The highlight was the arancini which I would say are worth the trip.Beautiful back patio and very friendly staff : thats only reason for 3 stars.... can't say same thing about food. Spaghetti was ok but no one in our group liked the meatballs and sunday gravy.Recently ate here for my friend's birthday. I wasn't super excited to try the meatballs because I'm Italian and have already had great meatballs, but I was surprised at how good these were. I want to say there was some ground sausage in them that gave them an excellent kick! Nothing I had was bad, but the meatballs are a must have. The pan seared gnocchi was a little sweet and crisp which was nice because it added some depth. The rigatoni alla vodka was also excellent because the sauce was perfect. Honestly, I'm also not a sweet person, but the tiramisu was perfect. It was an excellent way to end the meal. Also, if the weather is decent enough, I would suggest eating in the back outdoor area because it have such a nice ambiance. If you are a fan of their restaurants, you will love Little Nonna's because it doesn't disappoint.It's good obv, just get the Sunday Gravy and you're all set. It's a bunch of yummy meat AND pasta. What more can you ask for?Restaurant very clean / bathroom 
Service are awesome 
Food are so good ( I prefer only green salad no meet but it's fine ) 
Tiramisu are the bessssssssstttttttttThe spaghetti was good but the meatballs were awful.  Tasted very burnt with just a wad of cheese in the middle.   Won't be ordering againSimply amazing food. I had the Caesar salad ($10), Nonna's spaghetti and meatballs ($19), and two glasses of red wine ($11/ea) and it was all so incredible. The salad was perfectly dressed and had just the right amount of Parmesan. The spaghetti and meatballs was to die for, you could tell the pasta was fresh, the sauce was delicious and stuck to every noodle, and the meatballs were filled with fontina and deliciously juicy! So so good. The ambiance of the whole place was very grandmas house with cute mismatched plates and chairs, so homey and nostalgic. The hostess was super accommodating to my unexpected amount of guests but the server had obviously had a bad day or was over us. He was the only downside (gave us the wrong drinks and blamed us for it, asked us if we wanted boxes and literally said "well, thank YOU" insinuating we were a burden?, etc) but it wouldn't stop me from coming back, the food was too damn good.Went here for restaurant week lunch, but they also have a $20 lunch special otherwise as well. Overall, had a pretty good experience.
We were seated in the outdoor garden, which is super cute - nice wooden tables, globe lights, cozy. I had the Wild Mushrrom Arancini, which are fried risotto balls. They were delicious - I liked the mix of the mushroom and cheese and risotto a lot. Definitely recommend them. For my main, I had the rigatoni, which I also enjoyed, but I wouldn't say it was a standout; it was a pretty standard aribiatta sauce/sausage/pasta combo. 
I got the tiramisu for dessert. If you know me, you know I'm a tiramisu connoisseur. I think it was pretty good, probably an 8/10 - it was a good combination of creamy and cakey. Definitely not as light as could be though, but overall would recommend.An absolute gem. Atmosphere 5 stars. Service 5 stars. Food 5 stars. Elevated comfort food in all the right and unpretentious ways. Tuesday night date night with my wife. Full house and no reservations yet the hostess magically found us a place in the garden and seated us before the people who came behind us with a reservation since we were there first. Can't forge classy. Garden is magical on a beautiful Philly spring night. Had the appetizer with mushroom and pea shoots bruschetta. Savory and delectable. Next was bucatini with foie gras and their rightly famous spaghetti and meatballs. Have been to vetri and yes it was delicious but for roughly $400 less you can have a more heartfelt soulful and tasty experience. I really hope this place lasts forever.Our party of four made a reservation here for an early dinner before going to a concert, and we all loved it!  We arrived around 5PM and we opted to be seated in their outdoor/atrium area.  I liked the atrium area because it was brighter than the interior space.  After drinks arrived we shared the grilled peach caprese salad (delicious) then went right into entrees.  Our waitperson was patient and helpful with suggestions.  Service was prompt and efficient and the food arrived hot.  My wife and I each had the rigatoni ala vodka, and our friends had the Nonni's spaghetti and meatballs and eggplant parmesan.  I loved my meal and the portion was just right!  I tasted the Nonni's meatball, and I must say that it was the most delicious I have ever had!!  (And I am married into an Italian family...)Holy meatball this place is fantastic! Wanna feel like your walking into grandma's house for sunday sauce? Come to Little Nonna's. Want to not be able to button your pants like your Julia Roberts in Eat Pray Love? Come to Little Nonna's. The food is delicious and staff very attentive. I always leave feeling happier then when I came.I came here with my friend for dinner and was seated in the heated outdoor garden. When we first sat down we were on fire. We were sitting right next to the lamp and it was really hot an unpleasant.
Our server came to greet us shortly and he was very nice and attentive. He asked if we wanted the heat lamp lower and we happily agreed. The garden had so much ambiance outside and is very romantic. 
We ordered the potato gnocchi, garlic bread, and BVP spaghetti and meatballs. The garlic bread and gnocchi was heavenly. It was very flavorful and delicious. Truffle butter is used in the gnocchi 
BVP stands for beef, pork, and veal. The BVP meatballs are featured in multiple parts of the menu, and as a non-veal eater it eliminated a few choices. I did try a bite from my friend's dish and when they are all combined the taste isn't as strong, but I definitely would not have ordered it on my own. It was pretty good like any other meatball would taste.
For two people we were stuffed from our meal. After we paid, our server was attentive enough to offer us water again which was definitely appreciated. I would definitely go again.Great place. Small, and quaint with delicious food. For starters we had pulled Burrata with olives and grilled bread. We also split a carafe of sangria that was made in-house. For dinner, we both enjoyed the "Sunday Dinner", which was sausage, meatballs, and braised short rib, in a delicious sauce, with pasta. Everything here was great.Amazing food! Arrived about 7 PM on Wednesday with no reservations. Hostess took our cell number and said she would text when the table was ready. Had a few drinks at the bar next-door. When our table was ready about 40 minutes later we sat at the chef's table overlooking the kitchen.My seared scallops were amazing but my wife's traditional meatball and spaghetti was even better! We watched homemade cannolis and tiramisu come out of the kitchen but were way too full to even try one. We would definitely come again and probably will!I have wanted to go here FOREVER. I looooved it! Boyfriend and I went here on a hot day and ate inside. Loving the decor. So charming and the bathroom does make me think of an Italian grandmother.
Our waiter was awesome. He had on point suggestions. I know asking for suggestions is obnoxious as everyone has their own tastes, but he gave great feedback based on our specific needs (minimal dairy for me, need for meatballs and an entree for boyfriend). I got the swordfish - so many flavors rolled into one! Swordfish was cooked perfectly and the pruscettio (I can't spell lol) was THE BOMB. Boyfriend got the Sunday mix (forgive me, I don't remember the name) and it was perfect. 
Great job on the food, great server, adorable decor, and overall great experience.Loved!!! I want to give this place 4.5 stars. 
The back patio is ADORABLE, romantic, and overall just a great vibe that I am in love with. I pass this place every day on my way to work and never knew it was so quaint and adorable. Food aside its the perfect place to come with friends or on a date especially during twilight hours/sunset 
Ordered the mussels which were in a good tomato sauce - it was slightly more tart than I would have liked but nevertheless delicious. 
The garlic bread here was the best I've ever had. It's $5 and worth every cent. They bring you this delicious toasted bread with fresh caramelized garlic and I basically couldn't eat my main course because I gorged out on this.
For the main course, the spaghetti! Yummmm. DEFINITELY enough for 2 (maybe 3+ people). I was kind of annoyed that when us (as well as the people next to us) asked about the portion size, the waitress was misleading about how large the portion actually is. Luckily my friend and I only ordered 1 (and still couldn't finish it) but the people next to us were led to believe they needed to order more.  But the meatballs were so delicious I guess I wouldn't have been mad if there was extra to take home.
Highly recommended!!!!!!!!THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!  I was in Philly for my birthday and wanted a restaurant that was really good and also had a nice, cute ambiance where getting a little dressed would be appropriate - this is the place!  There is a nice courtyard section, but it's covered overall and so you're not hanging out with bugs and your food. The inside and courtyard are both darker - definitely romantic with candles and lighting in general. 
We had prosecco throughout the nice and they also had a wine list with glass and bottle options. We ordered the Caesar salad and the croutons were warm, fresh, and cheesy - just ask for a plate or something. The octopus is perfect and comes with a warm array of veggies and a mild sausage. The meatball appetizer is worth it all - cheese on the inside and on top of ricotta. We both ordered the shrimp scampi and the pasta was cooked perfectly, homemade and very fresh. We got the peaches and berry tart dessert and for our birthdays we were given a tiramisu on the house. 
Great place, ready to go back!I've never had a less than delicious meal here. But my absolute favorite thing on the menu is the Sunday Gravy--meatballs, sausage, tender ribs and broccoli rabe, smothered in red sauce worthy of any nonna, plus a side of whatever the pasta on hand is that day. Order a salad or another app, and it's a nicely sized meal for two. 
If you can, get a table in the sunroom out back. A lovely little escape from the bustle of 13th Street.I do not even know where to begin.
Little's Nonna's has generously volunteered to be a part of Dining Out for Life (an annual event where restaurants contribute a third of their proceeds to AIDS research) for the last two years. I have been lucky enough to be their ambassador for these last two years. My fiance and I fell in love with this restaurant after I volunteered there last year and have made it our "date night" spot ever since.
Everything from the atmosphere, to the food, to the service is absolutely impeccable. I was raised in an Italian family and know good Italian food -- this place has it. If you are in the area, I HIGHLY recommend dining here. You will not regret it. The menu is constantly changing and everything we've ever eaten there has been outrageously good.
Little Nonna's is the epitome of a great establishment owned by people with kind and giving hearts -- come here ASAP!!I have to admit that I went in wanting an experience to outshine my previous amazing dinners at the owners other restaurant, Barbuzzo 
We started with the fresh mozzarella wih pepperoni and pesto. The cheese ball was a little on the tough side and barely warm.  The cheese needed some salt sprinkled ontop, but the pesto was very mild as was the olive oil.  This is a dish that could have really been a shining star with a bolder flavor profile, but fell short as mediocre and not something I would order a second time.
The eggplant bruschetta was overpowered by the celery hearts which add no flavor, only a tough and stringy texture.  The bread is excellent however and could stand on it's own as a dish by itself.
BVP meatball over polenta was excellent and sauce was perfect.  Lightly seasoned and a light and bright tasting sauce allows the meat flavor to shine.
Butternut squash ravioli with duck was rich and hearty and an excellent dish to order in the winter.
Appetizer portions are large enough to share.  Order 1.5-2 per person, and then maybe 1 entree per person with the intention of sharing as well.
Overall flavors, dishes, and experience is Italian and "safe", not what you would be expecting if you've eaten at Barbuzzo or Jamonera.
The interior space is simple and basic, as you'd expect from the other restaurants.  The mixed drinks are pre-mixed offsite, so when asked for a simple change to the cocktail, they couldn't oblige.  We stuck to wine, which was a better than average selection.
The waitress however was the most memorable part of the evening.  She was strange and quirky and by no means a professional waitress or even an experienced one at that.  It was like having your teenage cousin serve a formal thanksgiving dinner for the first time.  Not a bad thing, but if you're looking for a traditional dining experience, this isn't your best bet.  If you're open for a fun and good dinner experience, this is a great neighborhood option.Really good food for very reasonable price. I am not sure if it's authentic but the food is very good. Too bad it's not BYOBCozy, warmly lit, and satisfying. Our server was supportive of vegetarian dietary questions, but otherwise terse. We had the shaved Brussels sprout salad (stellar), broccoli rabe (garlic for days! but I love that), and the gnocchi (the accompaniment was delightful, the gnocchi so-so). I felt that Italian bread should have come with the main course instead of as a $5 side, but we felt it was both essential and delicious. The highlight was the apple crostata, which had pecorino in its crust and was the best idea I've ever had. Overall it was a splurge, but we left content!Went for Restaurant week with the girlfriend, great experience. This is our second time dining at Little Nonna's, the first was about a year ago (non rest. week).  Our first visit wasn't impressive, we ordered the meatballs as everyone recommended and didn't understand why this was the flagship dish. We agreed they tasted almost hotdog-like. Everything else, especially the service, was definitely above average. Our most recent experience with the food, however, was fantastic. 
We picked the following from the fixed menu (not including the awesome complimentary stracciatella cheese and bread): Pumpkin and Farro salad, Mushroom Arancini, Potato Gnocchi, Braised Shortrib, Pistachio Cannoli and Apple Crumble. Stand outs were definitely the Arancini and the Shortrib. The first was light and crispy on the outside and creamy within. The shortrib was tender and comforting, the mashed potatoes pairing perfectly. As I mentioned from our previous visit, the service and décor are on point. Our waitress checked on us consistently, but unobtrusively. Our experience was the perfect mix of attentiveness and restraint.  She also wiped our table multiple times between dishes (which actually makes a lot of sense with multiple courses). The atmosphere is cozy and classy, thoughtfully arranged to feel like both a hip restaurant and a nonna's house (in essence). 
I'd highly recommend trying this out. A perfect date spot and overall superb dining experience. I will tell you now, opinions will vary on some of the dishes. I'd say don't go for the meatballs, but then again, they have their allegiance. People are very touchy with Italian food; I could see how some of these interpretations might not fly with the purists or those expecting a stock version of their favorites. Either way, go for a meal. And if you aren't impressed, maybe give it another shot, like we did.Amazing food with even better service! Was about 30 min. Wait for our table, so went and had a drink and Bud & Marilyn's around the corner and we're absolutely glad we waited!Wow!!!!! Rigatoni Alla Vodka was AMAZING!!!!! Didn't know sausage could taste THAT good!Worst experience of my life. I was told to wait outside without taking my name. And it took them 45 minutes to even acknowledge us. Once they did we still didn't sit down for another 30 minutes and this was with a reservation. The food was ok. I am from New York and the Italian food there is 100x better. Wouldn't recommend it at all.Cutest little place ever with the perfect name. Started with arancini & burratta apps. Both were excellent and the perfect size. I ordered The gnocchi, we got a plate of pasta w/marinara. The marinara was so good. Reminded me of my own Nonna's. Dessert was the hazelnut cannoli (excellent) & apple crostata. We took both to go. I recommend eating the crostata warm though.Had a tomato salad and the slice of yellow heirloom tomato was as big as face. Then had the best biggest plate of spaghetti and meat balls. The meat ball was infused with fontina. We were also seated in the secret garden in the back, corner table was a little hot but the best seat in the house. Staff was on point too...super chill, super professional.Came into Little Nonnas on a week night with no reservation and we were able to get a table. We had the Caesar salad and the fig bruschetta as appetizers- both were amazing. For the main course I had the Sunday gravy (I think it was). It was good but nothing crazy to write home about. The service here was great but the food was just alright. I don't know if it was worth a $120 check (including wine).Had our 15th year anniversary dinner at Little Nona's and really enjoyed our time. Great atmosphere and service. Sat out in the garden area which was a pleasant and cozy outdoor covered space.
The garlic bread with roasted garlic was really good (must get). The grilled octopus was done very well along with the mixed salad that it's served on. The pan seared gnocchi was awesome.
Only knock for me is the extremely short  beer selection (2). A couple local craft beer options would probably suffice...(hint).
Would like to go back and try the swordfish and shrimp scampi entrees which the table next to us ordered and looked and smelled amazing.I did not enjoy my experience there at Little Nonna's. Came with a friend for Thursday lunch. 
Food: We had Bruschetta as appetizer. My friend ordered grilled seafood and I ordered meatballs. The Bruschetta is okay if you like blue cheese. But both grilled seafood and meatballs are sooooo salty! We drank A LOT OF WATER but still unable to finish my dish. And according to my friend the seafood is not very fresh (probably that's why they need so much salt) and over-grilled. 
Service: I would say the service is as salty as the food. Cold, never-smile waiter. The guy seems like pretty unwilling to work there. 
I hope it's just me and I understand a restaurant sometimes had a bad day. But overall it is definitely not a pleasant experience. I won't recommend it to people who wants to have nice Italian food and good service.It's a rather small place but I like the atmosphere.  The server wasn't bad but not great.  We had the STRACIATELLA for an app.  The cheese and olives were good but the bread really tasted kind of burnt.  The Ceasar salad was recommended to us by our cab driver and it was actually very good.  The croutons are not what you expect and they are amazing.  I had the spaghetti and meatballs for dinner and I was let down.  I've had the meatballs from Barbuzzo (which they also own) and they are amazing but these were dry and over cooked.  The sauce was also kind of dry and had a very smokey flavor which I didn't expect.  It was like pulled pork in red sauce and I didn't see or taste any basil.  My girlfriend had the ORECCHIETTI. It had good flavor but the "house made duck sausage" was really nowhere to be seen.   A friend had the Gnocchi and they were actually very good.  Nice flavor and the ingredients complimented each other well.  All in all the dinner was just Ok.  I feel like Little Nonna's is trying too hard to be different rather than putting out better quality Italian food especially when asking $16 for spaghetti and meatballs.It was okay. My Nonna's spaghetti and meatballs are a lot better. I was impressed with the gnocchi but not with the spaghetti nor the risotto balls. Just okayAmbiance - 4 stars, Food- 3 stars. Service - very good. Limited menu, they could expand it abit. Just too many greens with the chicken dish and no real wow effect with presentation.Barbuzzo is one of our favorite restaurants in Philly (probably in the world), so I did not give it a second thought when I made a reservation for Little Nonna's for our fourth anniversary dinner. The ambience and bathroom of Little Nonna's brought tears to my eyes as it reminded me so much of my Italian grandmother's house, complete with gold rimmed saucers and framed religious pictures. My husband and I started with the pulled mozzarella and salted bread, which I could have used a lot more of! We also had the fig bruschetta, which was devoured. For dinner, my husband had the spaghetti and meatballs and declared it, "THE BEST (HE) HAD EVER HAD!" (Don't tell my mother.) And I had the lemon chicken. We also ordered a side of the smashed fingerlings, which were awesome. They featured a combo of sweet and white potatoes and satisfied my need for more carbs. We were entirely too full from dinner to have dessert. Our server was not great - I think she was simply busy - but I expected her to be a bit more engaging.I have many Italian friens who are very picky about Italian restaurants.  Little Nonna's was their favorite, expressed from a few. The service (our server was Kerry, wonderful girl!!) was great and timing was perfect.  The decor and atmosphere is great.  My friend and I sat at the Chef's counter which I think is the best seat in the house.  I love cooking so watching the kitchen was like porn to me.  The food was very good and had a beautiful presentation.  However, although the menu struck every heart string in me, the overall taste was not as great as I had expected it to be.  
We ordered the White Bean Bruschetta which was good.  I ordered the Grilled Seafood dinner.  It was EXTREMELY over-salted.  Almost to the point that I could not eat it.  My friend ordered the meatballs with the Sunday gravy (she's Italian).  She was disappointing.  Dessert, however, was not disappointed.  We ordered the Warm Pumpkin Spice Cake and the Apple Crostata.  BOTH WERE AMAZING.  
At the end of the day, when it comes down to it, it's whether or not I tell friends "OMG you HAVE to go there!".  Sadly, Little Nonna's didn't make the cut.  I'm not saying I would never go back (say if I were invited for an occasion) but I would initiate or recommend going there.  Perhaps the simplicity of true Italian cooking needs to be revisited.  Don't fix what's not broke.Had a wonderful meal here, tried to get a table at Barbuzzo and they recommended here! The place is small but pleasant, we had mozzarella with olives to start, I had eggplant part as my meal it was actually an app, but was more than enough, it was deep fried very crispy with pesto and melted mozzarella and marinara, not at all what I expected but delicious. My husband got the lamb shank, it came over lentils which I kept eating off his plate, yum!!! Service friendly and attentiveIts hard to find a restaurant where you can get good spaghetti and meatballs. Little Nonna's serves up a huge plate of them, for $16, and the portion could easily be shared by 2 people.  The meatballs are B+V+P Ibeef veal and pork) which makes them really tasty.  The sauce had a bit of zing as well, and was very concentrated. Definitely worth coming back for these!
We also enjoyed the wild mushroom arancini appetizer which came with 4 large arancini for $8. There was an extra charge for garlic bread (I forget how much) but it was excellent, crispy and came with a whole head of roasted garlic to smear onto it just in case the bread wasn't garlicky enough!
I wasn't as thrilled with the Ricotta Cavatelli, mainly because of the overpowering amount of salty olives in the dish.  The olive flavor competed with the duck sausage and just resulted in a dish that was just too strong flavored for my taste.
Our party of two definitely ordered too much food, and couldn't finish it though we wanted to.  This would be a good place to come with a party of four, and share a couple of appetizers and entrees. If the portion of the spaghetti and meatballs is any indication, the "sunday gravy" at $24 would likely serve 3-4 people.
Service was superior, the room is cutely decorated, though the tables are rather close together and it gets noisy.  Overall, recommend this place and will be back for more meatballs!Awesome!  The arancini was awesome, the Sunday Gravy was awesome, dessert was awesome- fantastic food. Can't WAIT to go back and stuff myself again.  You have to pay for bread but man is it worth it!So. Delicious.
Made a reservation for a Monday night @ 1830. Table was ready upon arrival.
Menu:
Sicilian Rum Punch and Sgroppino for beverages, B+V+P meatballs and Straciatella Mozzerella for appetizers, Sunday Gravy and Pork Chop Pizzaiola for entrees, and Tiramisu for dessert. Meal was outstanding from start to finish, service was prompt and attentive. Entrees were sent out early and we received an unprompted comp of our dessert. Portions were huge, as we had enough for dinner @ home for the following night.The spaghetti and meatballs are amazing. The setting is super cute, especially if you eat in the garden area.Little Nonna's was the last of my restaurant week escapades for fall 2014. It was an adorable, cozy, little, house-like restaurant with really well-made food. Together my friend and I ordered: wild mushroom arancini, pulled mozzarella, mixed seafood grill, mushroom orecchiette, and pistachio cannoli.
I can't even decide what was the best because they were all awesome. Tie goes to the orechiette and the mushroom arancini. But everything was amazing - food, service, ambiance. I'm already planning on going back for restaurant week dinner!Loved it as much as I loved barbuzzo. First of all, the interior is gorgeous. They have these awesome lights hanging from the ceiling that add a romantic spin. The space is cozy and vintage. Our party sat inside, but you can also sit in the garden area. I went with five other people so we ordered a bunch of things and shared. In terms of the appetizers, the mussels were great. Also the Cesar salad was fresh and flavorful, especially the freshly ground pepper with crunchy romaine was an awesome combination! My brother got the meat balls and loved it. My cousins got the gnocchi and loved it as well. 
The best part however..was the dessert! We had the cheesecake, apple crostada with ice-cream and hazelnut cannoli. The hazlenut cannoli is a MUST. Imagine all the flavors of nutella made into a fancy cannoli......sooooooo goood. 
The only minus would be the wine which was mediocre, but overall worth a visit!Eh. The ambiance is romantic - perfect for date-night & the service was efficient and friendly, but the food... Well, let's just say I've had better. 
I ordered the spaghetti & meatballs, while my date ordered the Sunday gravy. The portion sizes were huge! I did not like the meatballs (& neither did my date)... They didn't taste like meatballs! They tasted more like sausage? So for that reason alone I was disappointed. These meatballs definitely did not live up to their hype. The sauce for both of our meals lacked depth - it was missing something... garlic? basil? We couldn't quite put our fingers on it...
We did get an order of the much raved about garlic bread, which we loved! And we very much enjoyed the bottle of red our server helped us pick out.
We couldn't decide on one dessert, so we each opted to get our own. I got the cannolis which were delicious but were not served at the right temperature! They should have been served colder, as when they came to the table the filling was melting out of them! My date ordered the tiramisu, which he loved though I thought it was too sweet & was mostly whipped cream rather than the actual cake!
I might come back to try the gnocchi, but with my favorite BYO Italian spot around the corner, probably not.YES! A new (to us) place to love.
We went during restaurant week and it was so amazing. Our waitress convinced (ok, it didn't take much convincing) to also do the wine tasting menu-it was totally worth it.
Food was stellar: amazing salads. The chicken was so frigging tasty that I didn't want it to be over, and the tiramisu! With the crunchy, yummy, crumbled pizzelle on top. SO GOOD. Service was relaxed enough that we didn't feel rushed, even on a night where they were booked solid, yet attentive enough that our courses were well timed and water was refilled. Can't wait to go back!We had a great time at Little Nonna's. Great for date night. Nice vibe, good wait staff. Food was good too (especially the strawberry bruschetta)I really wanted to like this place. I expected that it would have had an old world Italian feel. But what It was was more of a Hipster vibe. 
The food was okay. Not bad. Just okay.  The menu is very limited. 
I had the mushroom rice balls. They were tasty. I also had the meatballs and spaghetti. It was a large portion. The meatballs were flavorful but very salty. The sauce on the spaghetti was nothing specialUnderwhelming spot. No bread before your meal. Charge for refills. Just annoying in many regards. 
Got the spaghetti and meatballs and the food was good. I would rate the pasta 7.5/10. Service 8/10 
Not really an authentic Italian VIBE.Flawless experience. Food was extraordinary. Drinks hit the spot. Atmosphere was perfection. And the service was impeccable. I somewhat hate how the owners have a monopoly on the businesses in the vacinity, but it's tough to argue with the quality of their work. Little Nonna's was one of the best Philadelphia dining experiences I've had all year. Even writing this, my mouth is watering to go back. (I also love the authentic South Philly tchotchkes on the walls).A long overdue review. I've been popping into Little Nonna's a couple times a year for quite some time. Every time I'm just more and more impressed. 
Located in the Gayborhood right by Bud and Marilyn's, another delicious spot, Little Nonna's is the cutest little Italian restaurant. I love their outdoor seating. On even the hottest of days, you can sit outback because they have so many fans. They have string lights and clothes on a clothes line to complete the decor. Not to mention, hanging friggin plants!
You MUST get the meatballs - whether you get it for appetizer or entree. I recommend for entree, the B+V+P spaghetti.  Damn. I want it RN! This is all I've ever gotten for dinner every time I've been. I'm so loyal and it is so good. Never disappointed. 
I also recommend the garlic bread, mushroom arancini, and cannoli for dessert. (Don't forget wine). 
If you make a rezzy, you'll avoid the wait. Staff is always friendly and prices are reasonable for a decadent and filling Italian meal. You'll also most likely have some leftovers. :-) 
Can't wait to come back!I went here with my boyfriend for my birthday dinner. Service was good but food was okay. We ordered an appetizer of meatballs, which were delicious. I had the linguine with clams which just tasted like a lot of butter and oil. My boyfriend had the veal and he said it was just okay. The tiramisu dessert was delicious. I think the inside of the restaurant is really cute but the food is just okay.Went here for restaurant week. Food was good but not amazing. The aracini balls was very tasty for the first initial bites but I thought the entire portion was way too rich and needed something the to cut the richness. For the main meal I had the fish which I found underwhelming. Dessert was very good but overall I think this place is a tad overrated.Interesting place. Small and cozy. Smaller menu with old world Italian fare. It was very good. The meatball was great. I think it was fried, but it had a rich smoky taste. One of the best I have had. The broccoli range was salty but still good.  My pork chop was excellent. It was an enjoyable meal and they had multiple Italian wines for 40 bucks a bottle.After hearing some amazing reviews regarding LIttle Nonna's my guy and I decided ot give it a try for his birthday. We ordered the garlic bread the Negroni Glazed Lamb Ribs as appetizers. I personally loved the garlic bread more than the ribs, but both items were good. I should have stuck to my gut and ordered the Spaghetti and Meatballs as my entree, but instead I had the Linguine Vongole. The plate was good, but not mind blowing. My guy ordered the Sunday Gravy and he too thought that it was just ok. We also had 3 glasses of wine and the bill totaled to about $115, which blew me away. I honestly wasn't as over joyed with the meals, but the atmosphere was great. I'd definitely give it a second try and order their Spaghetti and Meatballs instead.According to my most recent list of restaurants in my "Dinner in Philadelphia? YES!" list, I declared Pietro's as my favorite Italian restaurant in Philly.  
Hmm, when it comes to atmosphere, Little Nonna's surpasses Pietro's for its intimacy and loveliness.  Wait, why wasn't Little Nonna's around for my first date in 2011?!  Haha, I will let you go this time, Little Nonna's ;-)
As for the food, I think that Little Nonna's take the points for simplicity, which is awesome considering that other Italian restaurants might start playing too much with the traditional recipes that the dishes are too complicated, muddling flavors...or even worse, other restaurants might even fail to execute the traditional recipes!  But Pietro's take the points so far for the flavors.  I only ever had the pan seared potato gnocchi at Little Nonna's so I can't fairly compare the two restaurants, but I would recommend Little Nonna's 100%, hands down, for the atmosphere.  Seriously, experience it for yourself.  Who cares if you don't have a significant other - go with whoever wants to feel special for once! :DThis cute little Italian-American spot has it all: great-for-sharing small plates, a cozy atmosphere, outdoor seating, and creative and yummy cocktails!  Considering that it just opened last Wednesday, I was impressed by how well-run it already was - service was spot-on and the plates came out quickly, as they were ready (as we were told they would)!
They have a quaint little backyard garden with white lights hanging overhead, that seats about 40 for walk-in patrons.  The seating is in between buildings, so there is no street noise - quiet and comfortable!
Their cocktails come pre-bottled so the flavors can all mix together.  I had the amaro y dulce - citrus vodka, campari, aperol, grapefruit juice, lemon, and basil syrup.  It was light and refreshing.  My dining partner had the don pompelo, which was a bit more boozy but still delicious, a mix of rum, grapefruit cello, luxardo maraschino liquor, and fresh lime.
Our waitress suggested ordering 2 plates per person, so my DP and I shared 4 plates and were stuffed afterwards.  I wish I would have saved room for dessert, but there's always next time!  Food:
Wild mushroom arancini - this was hands down our favorite dish and next time we might order two of this plate!  The textures and flavors of the mushroom and risotto, combined with the crunchy breadcrumbs on the outside... still thinking about it.  Good thing there were an even number (four) or I'm pretty sure we would have fought over it!
B+V+P (beef, veal, pork) meatballs - two big, flavorful meatballs stuffed with fontina cheese and served with light marinara and polenta.
Eggplant parmesan - served as two long, thin slices of eggplant and covered with creamy pesto, marinara, and burrata cheese.  Delicious.
Nonni's stuffed shell - the biggest stuffed shell I've ever seen, packed to the brim with ricotta, lamb, and roasted celery root.  We were so full by this point that we struggled to finish it!
There's still so much on the menu that I want to try.  Can't wait to come back, absolutely delicious!Too many things to say with too few words. Summary: holy goodness yum!! The last time I came here, I loved their seared gnocchi dish and the Sunday dinner special. Their meatballs are ridiculously good as their arancini is!! We got to sit outside the garden patio which is a great place to hang out in the spring and summer time. Staff was great and I loved this place - will have to come back again!Little Nonna's is a lovely Italian restaurant that makes you feel right at home. We were lucky enough to be seated in the gorgeous courtyard area. Perfect setting if you're looking to have a romantic dinner.
We ordered the antipasti special which had mozzarella,  various meats, olives, beans and I believe me time of orange marmalade. While it was good quality, I could have done without it. We also ordered the bucatini and gnocchi. The gnocchi was so soft and melted in your mouth. Can't go wrong with pairing gnocchi and a truffle sauce! Like others have said, the meatballs were the star of the meal. Huge meatballs, packed perfectly, and loaded with flavorful.  They were the best meatballs I've ever had.
As for dessert, I wasn't overly impressed. The cannoli shells were too hard and had a little too much anise. I liked their take on tiramisu but can't say I would order it again.
Service was great. I'm really looking forward to coming back!As long as you can sit in the back garden, this place gets 5 stars just for atmosphere - the fact that the food is so delicious is almost a bonus.  But it is delicious: comfort food meets creative cuisine.  I've been twice and have had terrific service both times - friendly, attentive waitresses.  I just wish they had a wider vegetarian selection - the veggie small plates were delicious, but there aren't enough of them to go more than once in a while.FAVORITE PLACE IN THE CITY!
Food, drink, atmosphere, service is PERFECT! Meatballs are great and garlic bread is heavenly. I feel like their water tastes great too. Outdoor seating gets very hot during the summer times, but so worth it with friends and some wine. Thank you for all the good times!We tried this little place after Eastern State Penteniary tour. It's a little restaurant and a hidden patio in the back. We were the first customer followed 3 other customers. They have 2 business hours..morning till 3 something then 5 till close. Their food portion was big enough to share. Had their mushroom truffle...it's a must if you eat there. Their pork chop cover bread crumbs covered tomato sauce was delicious. I definitely recommend Little Nona if you are in the area. Juan (our waiter)who recommeneded the appetizer...thumb . He was very nice and friendly.Chose Little Nonna's because it was near our hotel and it was pretty good.  Very lively when we arrived after 8 and we were seated promptly.  Nice wine program with several decent bottle at the moderate price of $45.00.  We shared the LIttle Gem Caesar salad which was very good, except for the cheese on top overkill. Great lettuces like Treviso, Frisse and Baby Romaine with kind of surprising polenta "croutons", really fried cubes of polenta, warm and soft in the middle.
My wife loved the Pork Chop Parmegiana on the bone, but my Shrimp Scampi was a major disappointment.  Dry pasta, actually TOO al dente with no sauce to speak of and 2 skewers of three rubbery overgrilled shrimp each did not meet my expectations.  Don't think I'll be going back but if you're nearby you can see what you think!Good food!  Fast in and out so we weren't late for the show!  Don't forget to bring wine.  BYOBThe food enthusiast boo of mine planned a reservation weeks in advance for opening night of Little Nonna's.  Unfortunately I reap the yelp rewards, but the previous sentence credits the discovery all to him.  The restaurant is cozy and cute without being overbearingly grandmotherly.  Two tiered wall shelves filled with thrifty flea marketed tea cup towers and blue milk glass surround the dining room, food is served on mismatched china...it's like you're at Nonna's.  
Our order consisted of the shaved salad, meatball appetizer, baked shell entree, and braceola entree (which I pronounced "brack-ee-ol-ah" and was immediately corrected by too cool for school boo...it's pronounced "brah-jzoohl").  By far the best part our meal was the meatballs.  Stuffed with fontina cheese and served with homemade "gravy" they were a big and satisfying appetizer.  If you like them so so much, you can get them on top of spaghetti as an entree.  The shaved salad was a perfect accompaniment highlighted with shreds of pecorino.  
I hadn't had stuffed shells out at a restaurant before so I was excited to see Marcie's take on them.  Her take?  One massive sized stuffed shell served with lamb neck ragu, ricotta, and the freshest mint pesto I've ever had.  The shell came from South Philly so we can't hold Marcie responsible for the hard outer edge that sometimes comes from cooking your shells too long.  Aside from some crispy exteriors, we were happy with our order.  The braceola was more sausage like than we expected and served with a salty delicious broccoli rabe.  We were pretty full by the time we dug into that and I ate the rest for lunch the following day.
For desert we were adventurous and ordered the tomato water ice served with basil ice cream.  It was fun to eat, but it's not that sweet (hey I rhymed!).  It tastes like tomatoes as the name might hint, but when combined with the basil cream it's ridiculous.  I felt like I was tasting the smell of when I stick my face into my tomato plant on my deck.  Because I do this.  Because it smells so freaking good.
I want to go back and try the Caesar salad and the Vongole, which scared me at first because it's served with open full cherry stone clams - but in fact they are not that large.  Little Nonna's is a great take on Italian and makes good traditional date with little opportunities to take food risks.  Plus the outdoor seating is romantically lit and private.  Check it out!Excellent, authentic-style Italian cuisine. Our waitress Arina was the best. So sweet and accommodating. We had a really great experience here from start to finish. Food was fresh and delicious! Will return next time we visit Philly! PS. order the broccoli rabe!Had a wonderful dinner here with my wife for her birthday! Everything tasted great, all the staff was very friendly and attentive, and the prices were quite reasonable. We'd come back to try some of the other dishes in the future.
For appetizers, we ordered the crostone and the meatballs. The crostone was truly great - wonderful balance between the savory prosciutto and the light sugar snap peas. The meatballs came with a great sauce of San Marzano tomatoes and polenta, but they were a little on the salty side.
For our main courses, we ordered pan-seared gnocchi and sea scallops. The gnocchi was cooked with truffle butter, so it had a nice rich flavor to it, and the sea scallops were cooked perfectly. Both dishes were delicious!
In addition to all this, the waitstaff were all very friendly and attentive. They came to check on us pretty frequently even though the restaurant got fairly crowded after a while.
We learned while here that this restaurant is part of the 13th Street group that includes Barbuzzo, another one of our favorites, so it's no surprise that we loved it here too!Honestly don't know what the fuzz is all about. Had dinner here over the weekend and was very disappointed. Yes the service is great but that's about it. The appetizer was so mediocre!!! I ordered a special which was some meat board and it was terrible, I could get the same stuff at a regular market. Then to top it off the board came with 4 small pieces of bread so when I ordered extra bread I got charge for it! Unreal. And for the entrees, I had pasta with veal meat. Must say nothing special there. My advice is don't get the appetizer that is a meat board. Not worth it.My first visit to Little Nona's did not go as I thought it would... they fumbled like Tom Brady... I was so excited when I saw other yelp reviews and that their meatballs were made with veal and pork (not crazy about beef but wanted to give them a try). They dropped the balls on this one... the meatballs and gravy were burnt and the pasta was not homemade (bad idea for a place that promotes Sunday Gravy). The bright spot was their pan fried gnocchi... it was a touchdown (Eagles Win). Last the service was ok...Little nonna is a Philadelphia Gem. It's not only good the first time it's awesome coming back again and again and again.Went for the crab and spaghetti special and it was amazing.  Portions are huge and worth every penny.  Can't wait to go back and order off the regular menu.  Awesome atmosphere and top rate service.  A must try.Good, comforting Italian food - but slow service the time I went there. We were the first ones in the restaurant at 11:45am on a Friday afternoon, and the cozy restaurant filled up really fast. They have a $20 tasting menu which allows you to choose an appetizer, main course and dessert from three options each, and it really is a good deal; portions were sizable and left me satisfied. 
I started off with the little gem Caesar. The vegetables were crunchy (some of them were grilled I believe), with the right amount of dressing mixed in evenly and this amazing huge crouton-looking thing that was hot when you bit into it. I was already decently filled by the time I finished the salad - which was fortunate because we proceeded to waiting for a long long time for our main courses. Tables who came after us were all served before us, so I'm not sure if this was a typical experience here or if it was just a bad day for the kitchen. Anyhow, by the time we got our mains I was hungry again. I chose the meatballs with polenta, which came with two huge meatballs. I really enjoyed the polenta with its creaminess, and it goes well with the tomato sauce. 
Overall, good food at a fair price, but service could be better based on my visit this time. They did ending up giving one of the salads we had for free, but the wait was unreasonably long. Would give them another try though, especially when their courtyard portion opens up in the spring / summer!My husband and I stopped here on a Friday night and it was packed! We were lucky enough to be seated immediately at the chef's table! I prefer sitting at the chefs table because it's makes eating out more of an "experience"....
Sitting at the chefs table gave us a look at what goes on behind the scenes and this place runs like a well oiled machine! And everyone in the kitchen seemed so calm, patient, and dedicated to making sure every single dish they produced was perfect...
 We ordered the chicken and the Sunday's gravy...DELICIOUS! The Sunday's gravy is the best option if you'd like to sample a little bit of everything...meatballs, pasta, short rib, sausage, broccoli rabe...perfection on a plate!Living in Philly for the past 3 years, I am so sad that yesterday was my first time trying Little Nonna's. Their food is simply delicious. Service is amazing. Ambience is cozy and welcoming. Also, the lunch tasting menu is a great deal! I think my favorite item on the menu was the arancini, which I didn't think I was going to like, but I ended up wanting more. Don't miss out on this place!!Excellent meal and friendly staff. We sat at the kitchen counter, and every meal leaving the kitchen looked perfect. Even though the place was packed, our meal came very quickly. Can't wait to go back!Very cute small restaurant with a  romantic atmosphere, but can be a little bit too dimly lit to read the menu.  The meatballs with cheese is amazing as an appetizer.  I got the pan seared gnocci and it was so good.Came to Little Nonna's last month for a birthday lunch with my mom and sister. It was a really nice day and we sat outside in the garden, which is green and beautiful and overall really lovely. We got a few dishes to share and most of the food was incredible, as was the service. 
---Garlic bread: I LOVED the fresh head of garlic to spread on the already prepped garlic bread. 
---Eggplant parm: Delicious. Light and tender with a sort of nutty flavor. All three of us absolutely  loved it and I'd definitely get it again.
---Pan seared gnocchi: I don't normally like gnocchi but this was really wondeful. The gnocchi had a great consistency and the dish overall was really fresh and warming. I loved the cherry tomatoes and mushroom! I would absolutely recommend this dish.
---Nonni's spaghetti and meatballs: I found this dish to be the least exciting of the three. The spaghetti is pretty standard and the meatballs, while good, are nothing that blew me away. It's a huge portion which I imagine would be a huge draw to some, but I'd rather a smaller portion of something more flavorful. 
---Apple crostini: good, but not that special or interesting. Next time I'd try one of their other desserts.Would love to give this place more stars because there were some good things about my experience, but when they failed so miserably with their signature "Nonni's Spaghetti & Meatballs" I just couldn't justify a higher rating.
The starters were great - a wonderful beet salad on top of whipped goat cheese w/pistachio pesto (they evidently forgot the sunchoke) and a caesar salad. My husband said the polenta croutons in the caesar salad were the highlight of his meal.
I thought the spaghetti & meatballs were awful. Had one half of a meatball and a couple of forkfuls of spaghetti - and left the rest. Besides not enjoying the flavor of the meatballs, they were burnt on the outside and dry on the inside. The sauce was a bitter, thick sauce that glommed onto the spaghetti and tasted like tomato paste. Every bite was different - something spicy like sausage, chunks of meat like pulled pork (from their Sunday gravy I guess) and something that was way too salty! To me, the flavors from the sauce, along with the flavor of the meatballs, rubbed against each other like fingernails on a chalkboard. 
My husband had the roast pork sandwich and he liked the flavors. His only complaint was that it was too wet. Watching him try to eat it, I can concur.
The apples in the apple crostada could have been a little more tender but it was okay - served with caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream. 
They had a great selection of teas and I think my husband liked the coffee. The space is small inside - cozy and rustic - and the service was okay.
I can't say I won't go back, but I had been looking forward to this visit for a long time and it was such a huge disappointment that I don't think it will be anytime soon.I came across Little Nonna's when I was put in charge of picking a restaurant for lunch. Living in Center City, there are so many places to try that the little places often get overlooked. Little Nonna's is not a little place to be overlooked.
On arrival, you can either sit inside or out--outside being a small enclosed patio area. Unfortunately, my company wanted to sit inside but next time I will definitely be dining outside. It's absolutely adorable out there. The inside is nice and cozy, though.
We ordered the Stracciatella to start, that is, burrrata, olives, and grilled bread. While the bread was slightly burnt on the edges, the burrata was delicious and flavorful. For my entree, I got the Pan Seared Potato Gnocchi. Oh my god, was it good. The gnocchi were perfectly chewy. I was immediately upset upon finishing it and have wanted to go back ever since I cleared my plate.
The service was quick and the staff was warm and friendly. I will definitely be back and when I am, I'll be looking forward to the gnocchi and the outdoor seating.Little Nonna's is great! While I kind of envisioned Little Nonna's as being a Barbuzzo Lite, it was not the case at all. The food, service, and atmosphere were all spectacular. 
We stopped by on a cold Saturday afternoon and were seated promptly. We started with the vegetable antipasta (very similar to what they serve at Barbuzzo and equally delicious) and the garlic bread which consisted of four large pieces of bread with a while roasted garlic clove allowing us to spread more garlic on it. Both are must-gets. For our main course my wife enjoyed the spaghetti and meatballs which I helped her eat. It was an enourmous plate of pasta and if it weren't for my age, my bum knee, and the fact that it was 20 degress outside I would be all ready to run a marathon. The sauce had a smoky flavor to it and lots of meat in the sauce. It came with two large fontina stuffed meatballs. Probably teh best spaghetti I have ever eaten. I had a special on the menu which was a mixed seafood grill featuring grilled swordfish, calamari, a head-on shrimp, and beans and onions. It was really good too but not overly filling. For dessert we had the infamous apple crostata and the warm apple spice cake. Both were very yummy and we kept going back and forth trying to figure out which one was better. So my advice to you: order both.I tried the Raghu special with my boyfriend and wasn't impressed. It tastes just like the other joints surrounding it that they own, it's not the best and it's way too pricey to peak any interestHardly authentic!  The menu was extremely limited therefore I expected quality.   My seating was at the bar facing the tiny kitchen whereby I was able to observe the 4 ethnically diverse "cooks" (there was no head Chef present) .  Unlike most Italian restaurants Little Nonna's charges for bread and gives no side dishes of pasta.  I watched plates go out and was turned off by their presentation of Spaghetti and Meatballs  - which was an unappealing, HUGE and twisted mound of thick pasta smothered in tomato sauce accompanied by a grapefruit sized meatball.     I decided on Pork Milanese ($18) with a side order of Garlic Bread ($5).  As a chef myself, Pork Milanese is always lightly breaded then sauteed served with lemon slice.   This was NOT the case.  The dish came out with the Cutlet buried under a nest of indistinguishable "veggies" - no lemon slice.  The cutlet had been DEEP FRIED and was extremely dry and flat tasting.  After a few  bites I decided I was through eating and munched on the Garlic Bread, (passable but not at all crusty).  I conveyed my disappointment to the server who said she would notify the "Chef".  (Chef???...what Chef?) .   They brought me a doggie bag which I ended up leaving behind on purpose - left overs are never the same and I certainly didn't want to repeat the disappointment.  .  The hostess comp'd my entree in the hope I would return but unfortunately the restaurant was far from "authentic Southern Italian" and in my opinion, would only please NON-Italians.Nice atmosphere and good service. I didn't absolutely love the Sunday gravy because the short rib portion was very small. But overall it was a great experience and the appetizer and dessert were delicious.Get the Sunday Gravy.  Good little spot.  Great meatballs!Tried the infamous spaghetti with meatballs and it was great. Loved the ambiance of the restaurant - perfect for a romantic date! And the service was awesome!Just had dinner here with my husband and four month old daughter. The hostess went out of her way to hold a table for us in the back garden that was tucked away and allowed room for our stroller. She was great and very helpful, as was our waitress. Food was great. Love the decor. Highly recommend.After my 2nd meal here, I can say Marcie Turney has a Midas touch.  Of course that's no secret.  Both times stoping in without a reservation, I was able to get seated on a busy night at the "bar" which is actually a slim counter along the open kitchen.  Each time this happened, my friend and I found it especially great to watch the dishes being prepared and even share some conversation with the line cooks.  So, the entertainment is just a bonus.
The food is really really great.  I personally do not gravitate towards Italian restaurants, especially if touted as "homey".  The dishes here though, are not just true Italian American, they're wonderfully prepared with nuanced care I find at Barbuzzo or Jamonera.  Turney's menus are consistent in quality.
The B V P meatball is something I had to order again, on my return. It was great to share, each time.  Also the Risotto Aranchini (also found at barbuzzo?) were pure heaven.  So glad to see it offered here.  My friend and I ordered the swordfish and the short rib entrees and they were both really good though if I had to offer one criticism, the short rib was just a tiny bit saltier than I'd expected, though inhaled nonetheless.  To be honest, this was restaurant week and since we were both starving, my friend and I didn't expect to leave so content.  It was very similar to that of my own family's big meals so I am convinced that Little Nonna's is the perfect balance of authentic "home cooked" Italian and contemporary cuisine.  The atmosphere was perfecto and the staff all very friendly.
So for a place I was less than excited to see open, I am in love. Now Im just waiting for Cher to slap me and say "Snap out of it!" alls moonstruck ;)Started with the aricini balls for an appetizer- outstanding! Soft cheesy inside with a perfect fried outside! Would come back just for these! Had spaghetti and meatballs because I had to try them! Enormous portion! The meatballs weren't my favorite- very rich but my friend liked them! Overall pretty delicious!Loved this spot. Great food. Reasonable prices and nice ambiance. It was perfect on a cold night. 
-- 
This is an updated review after a second visit for restaurant week lunch. The appetizers and dessert were great, but the second course pasta dish was SO bland. I was super disappointed, especially since I loved the food when I went for dinner a few months ago. Maybe they were just having an off day? Again, appetizers and dessert were really good but I barely touched the pasta.