I don't have high expectations for airport bars.  The drinks are usually overpriced by a ton.  So I didn't go into this thinking I would get the best drinks ever.  However, this place isn't good even on a curve.
We have 5 hours to kill so I ordered Bloody Mary cocktails with Tito's vodka for me and my dad.  The mix was not as good as the mix used on the flight...which should tell you something.  My dad compared the flavor to a rusty nail.  Mind you we LOVE Bloody Mary cocktails.  We ordered another and changed the liquor to Bombay Sapphire just in case the blend of the vodka with the mix was the issue.  Nope.  I gave up on getting a decent Bloody Mary so I switched to the Seasonal Smash because the Bloody Mary experience was not a good one.  The Seasonal Smash is Patron with muddled fruit and simple syrup.  It was incredibly sweet without a hint of Patron in it.  I love Patron.  It is smooth but you can still catch the flavor.  Not there at all.  It was like drinking simple syrup.  (Not recommended)
Not much to say about the service because you use the ordering system off an iPad.  The staff brings the order and keeps moving on.  I had a large breakfast so I didn't order the food.
I fly to Philly occasionally for work so I am always on the lookout for different places.  This will not be a future stop.Nice place to sit and chill, but food is overpriced.  I had a breakfast sandwich which was not that great.Great drink selection. Poor service. You order through an iPad, no problem. But then the bartenders never check on you to make sure everything is okay. They just stand in a group behind the bar complaining loudly about their problems and how they aren't getting enough tips. Maybe smile and ask your guests if they need anything?Nice looking joint with TONS of options and a full bar. Their schtick is that you order using an iPad. Their only drawback is tipping BEFORE being served, but the staff is pretty cool overall. Definitely a good stop while waiting for a flight. I'd eat here over and over.This is a big no. The servers were nice but in my opinion the concept just doesn't work. You order on an iPad. You pay tip upfront. I didn't see them clean the iPads the entire time I was there. Food was forgettable. I gotta believe it won't be here long.Ditch the iPad gimmick and try talking to your customers. Or at least making eye contact. After tapping my way to a Lagunitas IPA (five minutes to tap, 30 seconds to pour) and pre-paying (including predicting tip percentage before ever meeting a server), I was hoping for a glass of water. Three attempts to make eye contact w the bartenders failed. They are too busy staring at screens on the other side of the bar. Finally a customer next to me took pity on my and yelled to get someone's attention. When I asked, jokingly, what does a person have to click on to get a glass of water around here, I got the non-ironic reply, "the needs assistance icon".
I'll be back when the bartenders figure out how to assist someone without an electronic device.iPads were a cool idea until it became apparent there was 0 management.  Food never arrived...Local is a solid 3 and a nice addition to the misfit toy known as Terminal F.  Like previous Yelpers have mentioned...you place your order via IPAD at each station.  The drinks come out lightening quick, but the food does take about 15 minutes so plan accordingly.
I got the G Cheese Sandwich.  A lot of bread and not a lot of cheese.  It sounded similar to the breakfast sandwich a previous Yelper mentioned.  I saw a lot of good options coming out of the kitchen so will definitely try the food again.
Nice spacious seating where you can relax and plenty of plugins to charge your gear.  You don't feel crowded here and that's a plus.  I guess it's more on the expensive side, but if that bothers you there are plenty of other dash and go options near by.This is a good place for a quick lunch if you are flying out of terminal F.  The food is very pricy for what it is.  However, the salad features fresh vegetables and the green goddess dressing is good, but I ask for blu cheese which I like better and they are accommodating.   The menu seems to have a good selection of wine and the like, but I usually have unsweetened iced tea when I am traveling.
The bottom line is this is a fine place to eat if you have a plane to catch.  If it was not at the airport, I probably would not eat here.  However for an airport restaurant it is more than a solid choice.Cool iPad ordering but you don't necessarily get what you order. Food is overpriced and only so-so... You pay and tip 18% upfront so don't expect great service... Still waiting for a coffee refill.Ok, I would give it NO stars if I could.  I wanted to try it, sit and have a beer in a nice atmosphere, soak it up.  But the learning curve (for their ordering system, not the iPad) was too long, I didn't like the prepay your tip part, and I was busy tapping on my phone which I can do AND order a beer at other places.  A nice server quickly showed me the ropes, but i was not convinced.  After 5 minutes of chatting with my brother and a co-worker (on my phone) I walked next door and had a beer in under 60 seconds.  Plus i was able to continue my conversations!  Want a beer?  go someplace else.  Wanna be hip?  You'd better get there quick.  At the rate they are going they'll be gone in a flash.  Suggestion to the owners:  Its a no brainer, lose the gimmicks.  its not "cool" or effective, only lame. Case in point, I spent my $$ elsewhere!I loved the decor and convenience of this place. Using the iPads to order and play around is cool. My one complaint, and why this isn't five stars, is because I ordered "Salt & Pepper Brussell Sprouts" and they were very sweet - not what I wanted at all. I almost sent them back. Their iPad menu should be updated to reflect accurate food options.Misnomer! If this place is supposed to feature local specialties or locally-sourced stuff it is impossible to tell. Their ordering system seems high-tech but is unmonitored and inefficient. The $10 breakfast sandwich I had was completely lackluster on an unlubricated bun and consisted of eggs and low-quality cheddar cheese. And home fries were something that appeared to be pre-made and deep fried with no veggie component. Worthless.Do you like a flickering (with ads) iPad in front of you while eating? And an ordering system that automatically 'upgraded' your glass of wine (and its price! ) to 1.5 glasses? And aggressive music blasting at you from the ceiling? Then this place is for you! Food is ok, not great.Interesting concept with lots of ipads everywhere to order and pay. Missing the attentive service part but very high tech. I ordered the special which was steamed mussels in white wine. Seemed a little overpriced for the amount of food I got, but it was okay. The bread that came with it was a little too crunchy for my liking.Thanks iPad for taking my order and being pre set for an 18% gratuity that I almost missed. I'm so glad I could watch what I consider bussers, (because servers actually interact with the patrons) talk about B.S. while I awaited my gristle bound burger. 
I'm pretty sure half the fast food joints in ole terminal Eff will give me stroke but I'm willing to wager the people still do more than chase receipts. 
Maybe a conveyor belt out of the kitchen will work better and you just place a security guard out here to scare away any airport tomfoolery. 
2 of 5, would not bang.First impression was terrible.  Order you food on a tabletop ipad.  Waitress very snooty when we asked for directions.  Then...the bill was $48 for two bacon cheeseburgers, fries and bottled water.  Upcharge for each item on burger.... $3 for bacon, $1 for tomatoe-1 slice and !1 for lettuce.  Very expensive. 
Food was good but not worth the  cost.
Expected tip during order/pay process. . How can I calculate tip based on experience  before I receive service or food.don't be fool by the name.  this place is good when comparing it to airport food but this is not a good, local food experience.  the food is still thrown together quickly and is basically airport quality.  my Manhattan was made wrong.  it had carbonation in it and the bartender demanded that it was correct.  my wife's burger came out with the wrong toppings. we should have saved the money and eaten at Chipolte or Tony Lukes which is right next door.Ideal eatery when waiting for your flight or if your bumped. Order food and drinks on iPads supplied which also give free browsing and your flight updates
 Good choice of food cooked at the bar. My rib eye with provolone and aioli and fried was excellent. Good wine selection. Easy to chat to fellow travellers if you want to and watch the world going by.I got diverted through PHL and had a couple hours to kill so stopped here and had an excellent house made veggie burger and glass of wine before I proceeded to my gate. 
Half an hour later, I felt a tap on my shoulder and when I turned around it was a gentleman from the Local (manager maybe?) with my Ray-Bans in his hand. I had NO idea they'd fallen out of my bag. I am sorry I didn't catch his name. He very clearly went above and beyond to track me down and I am so grateful for that.  
If I ever pass through PHL again, I'll come right back to the Local."Are you open?" I asked the young lady adjusting napkins on the bar. "No, not until 5:30," she replied. I checked the time (5:19 AM) and said, "oh only 10 minutes, great." "You can wait at the food court," she said, motioning across the giant hallway. "I can't wait here 10 minutes?" "You can wait at the food court." I was too tired & hungry for this; I'll spend my money elsewhere, and I said as much. She didn't care. LeBus it is.I so wanted to like this place. But it fell so very flat. You order via iPad -- which automatically adds 18% tip by default, unless you change it. Before you get any service you are expected to tip. They email you your receipt. Minimal human interaction. I ordered the "special" pork belly sandwich, a beer, and an order of duck fries with cheese sauce. The beer was good. The sandwich came with fries -- even though there was no mention of fries on the iPad when I ordered it, nor any fries in the picture of the sandwich. So I wasted $7 on fries I didn't want or finish. The fries were pretty good, and I did taste a difference from the duck fat. But the sandwich was awful. The pork belly was 35% fat and gristle, and didn't taste marinated at all. And it was supposed to have fried onions on it, which it didn't.  For something like $14 it totally sucked. Needs to be removed from the menu. And the "surf the web for free!" iPads were another fail. I tried looking up a review on Yelp and wound up redirected to a Tums ad that I couldn't bypass. Found something else to read and after about 2 minutes of idle time the iPad decided I had walked away and reverted to the home page. Totally shity experience. Oh, and a cute cashier girl behind the counter kept telling the line cook who was flirting with her "you so nasty!  You disgusting!"  Just what I like to hear when I'm eating.  Other than that, she was bored out of her head, doodling on napkins... because you swipe your credit card at the iPad station that is in front of every seat.  Very rare than a cashier is needed at all, considering paper receipts aren't even provided.  Poor thing was bored out of her mind... but obviously had no clue that loudly saying "you so NASTY!" to the person preparing my food wasn't exactly conducive to a pleasant dining experience.
Won't be back. EVER.  Gratz on earning one of my exceedingly rare 1-star reviews.
*edit* I didn't check the Yelp reviews before eating at this place because the "free internet" in Terminal F shit the bed and I couldn't even connect to Yelp via 3G on my iPhone for some reason.  It's good to see that every other review of this place reinforces my opinion that it sucks rancid donkey dongs.  What a shame.  Somebody had an artistic vision when setting up this business but the execution is a case study in absurdly fucked up.  I don't think I've ever been more disappointed with a restaurant, in part because it looked so promising when I walked up to it, saw all the beer taps, and read the menu.  What a huge failure.If you want a sit down restaurant and have time, walk to another section of the airport. The ordering system is problematic and required special help after they did have the bear I wanted. We ordered Brussel sprouts and Caesar salad. The Brussel sprouts were good, but the salad was really sad.I feel bad for the negative experiences that these other reviewers had, but I can't say it was the same for me. 
the service: I thought the service here was great. I actually prefer it when the servers don't bug you for every little thing and dislike when they show up constantly, trying to get me to talk when I have food in my mouth. And being at the airport, I like to efficiently finish my meal so I can get on my way. That being said, I thought the servers here were just fine. About halfway through my breakfast my server came over to check on me. Perfect timing for a coffee refill and in-between bites so that I could actually respond without sign language. I didn't need to get the server's attention at all actually, because everything I needed was already handled when the food was brought over (had enough butter, ketchup, and napkins). When I was close to finishing, the server came over again and asked if I needed anything else. I said no, everything was great, and I was on my way and at my gate with time to spare.
the food: I ordered a custom omelet with all the free vegetables ($10) and added cheddar cheese ($1). It was so tasty! I appreciated the use of real, identifiable vegetables and not colored chunks of ???. I especially enjoyed the thickly sliced baby portabella mushrooms and cheddar cheese. The potatoes were also good. They were simple (without fixins, which I usually like with my potatoes) and seemed pre-cut, but they were cooked nicely, crispy without being too greasy. The coffee was good, hot, flavorful and un-burnt. I wish it wasn't so early, otherwise I would've also ordered a beer. I really like the selection of local beers (philly for life!)
overall, great experience. I was a little intimidated at first because the place looks kinda fancy (aka expensive and would take a long time with table service) but I thought the ipads expedited ordering and I didn't break the bank having breakfast. my advice is to give it a try!While I appreciate this trendy concept I do not like it. It discourages the staff from interacting with you and discussing the local food (that being their concept). There is also no acknowledgment that your order has been placed. If I have to do most of the work how do I tip?
I just received my bill and they automatically add 18% tip!  I will generously tip for good service but this is outrageous !If you want a good breakfast, do NOT come here! The coffee was terrible, and the steel cut oatmeal was tasteless. Don't be fooled by the "maple syrup"; it's Aunt Jemima's. The bacon and eggs were fine. Internet is limited to their choices. Music was too loud and repetitive.I'm sitting here as I write this. The food was better than you find at almost any airport. The beer selection, outstanding.
Here's the deal. I'm looking at 6 employees standing in the corner "with nothing to do" or at least they seem to think so. If I want something to eat or another drink, get out the card and swipe it again... really? What are those 6 people doing?
The iPad's are cool, but everyone knows that already. They don't replace good customer service.
I'd suggest they add a printer at each seat and let go 20% of their staff. I can get my bill that way and they can lower their prices and be more competitive.
I've seen several reviews before I wrote this one and I concur.
Weird... Impersonal service at it's best!
A dream unfulfilled.I stopped in here to grab lunch before my flight. I had great service. You can order from your table, keep up with your flight, and pretty much do what you need to do while waiting. 
My meal was good. I had the Philly Cheesesteak with Provolone and fries. It was a large portion. Not a bad sandwich at all for airport food. Good menu and drink selection. Give it a try.Great experience all around! Waitress was super nice and helpful with showing us how to order.  You get to use the iPad for the internet after ordering which was nice.  A little pricy for airport food, but then again it's much better than the usual fare.  Philly cheesesteak, duck fat fries, and a bay breeze to drink. Yum!  Tons of beers on tap, too.  Definitely worth a stop if you are in Terminal F.  Not sure if they have others around the airport.Horrible service Bartender was absolutely FOUL, Swearing calling guests B#$ches. Not to mention Way over priced especially for an airport. Food was average at best.First thing's first - remember we're talking about airport food: over priced & slightly on the mediocre side of things.
The review: I had a looong layover on a Saturday night. This spot was fairly busy. The staff was pretty busy, but one of them stopped to explain the iPad ordering system, another flipped the Flyers game on at my request, and two others stopped to make brief small talk. 
The food was as good as it gets for dine in airport food. Totally palatable, kinda pricey. 
I'd go back.I am so impressed. I think this place makes up for the fact that Terminal F feels like the abandoned child of PHL airport. 
So I'll call it "individual" seating (in contrast to 2- and 4-top tables where single travelers feel very singled out) where you feel totally in your own space when you sit. Not because it's enclosed or anything but most people are here doing their own thing and there's a clever - and sufficient - separation between you and your neighbors. 
You sit, order through the tablet, swipe your card on the card reader (pay or start a tab), recharge your phone in one of the outlets, read some news or play games via tablet apps, and voila. Your drink shows up within minutes and food shortly thereafter. 
This is an introvert and/or workaholics's dream. You're left alone, extremely minimal direct human contact and your in a cocoon of yourself.. or whatever. It's great. I can see how it might not be so great if you're traveling with others because you have to first find a spot where you can sit together and then look across the tablets to have a conversation. 
Food is good!!! I had the cheesesteak and i prefer the roach-coach style vs Tony Luke's pale meat. HUGE and delicious. 
Service, for minimal contact, is excellent. Quick, precise, to the point. 
My tablet kept crashing tho trying to read USA Today but maybe it's because I was trying to read Caucus results and it hated me for it.Mediocre at best. You'd think that by using iPads to order (a bit confusing at first) to minimize their operating costs with fewer waitresses they'd put the savings towards food and prep quality. Breakfast arrived as room temp.  eggs over cooked, cold toast and sliver thin bacon.  No thanks for $13.00!!Probably the nicest restaurant in the food court area of Terminal F, LOCAL has tables and high top seating. At the hightops, their iPad ordering system is great. Who doesn't love pictures of the meals in addition to descriptions? It's nice to get a reminder as well that your flight is on time or late or boarding. Very nice.
Service was decent but lacking in some areas. I specifically asked for a printed receipt when I checked out, but it never arrived. I also hit the button to call over a waiter (so that my dirty plates would be removed) but no one ever showed up for that either.
The food and beer choices were great. I had something local from the "Local Beers" section of the menu. Nice to see that highlighted! For a starter, the deviled eggs were good. Four halves with piped egg yolks was tasty and easily bite-sized. Maybe a little bland, but still good. For main, the calamari salad was very nice. Hot fried octopus with arugula and other greens and a light dressing was filling and yummy.I visited this establishment for the first time this afternoon.  Customers are REQUIRED to order drinks and food through some point-of-sale system with a very poor user interface.  It's not possible to pay cash when dining in.  The customer must request a receipt (business travelers are normally asked to provide receipts to document expenses; is this restaurant aware of that?)  The ordering system defaults to applying an 18% tip.  For what?  My "server" did not deliver the food nor the drink?  She only appeared when I used the ordering system to "call server".  Thankfully, the customer to my right was willing to help with getting my order entered into this sorry excuse for a system.  Between the two of us, I eventually received a beer and a burger.  It's difficult to mess up a beer, but be mindful when ordering food.  I ordered a burger cooked medium well.  The server's apology when someone delivered a rare burger was, "I'm not a cook, so I don't know how the burgers should be cooked."  I asked to see the manager.  He agreed that the burger was undercooked.  All I wanted was for the manager to correct his cooks.  He offered to remake the burger; I didn't have the time.  He offered another beverage; again, I didn't have the time.  Later, I saw one of the staff sitting on the ice sink for the to-go beverage station.  This is unprofessional at best and unsanitary at worst.  
Nevertheless, the beer selection is good and similarly priced as other airport restaurants.  Wine prices seem high.This is a decent choice at the F terminal. Each seat and table is equipped with an ipad which you can use to order and pay. The service was still nice and pretty attentive considering that you are ordering electronically. I had the orecchiette, which was a nice creamy options. 
Best of all, there are power outlets at the table!
Overall, it is a nice place to kill some time before a flight.I'm grading this place stringently because of what it promises, in terms of place, price and product. Is the food good? Well, yeah. More well put together than smash burger across the court, for example. But smashburger just promises a good burger, not more than that.
Local promises more but doesn't deliver. I got the burger (sixteen bucks to start) with some additions (avg 1 each). Plus I upgraded the fries to duck fat fries. And an IPA
Burger: meat was good -- cooked a little over temp. All the toppings look like they were measured out by Ebenezer Scrooge. Very little there. Help staff told me mayo and mustard would come on the side. Nope. Had to ask. One flustered server later I got mustard. Good enough. Bun seems to be a spongy weird brioche.
Fries. Yep cooked in duck fat (I have a jar in my fridge). But each fry was inconsistent -- don't know how they did that. One would be flaccid and gross, another really crispy. Strange. 
Last, the beer. Smallest I could find was 25 oz at $12. I don't disagree with pricing, but for people who aren't ardent alcoholics, how about a smaller serve?
I enjoyed my meal. Will I be back? At $39 all in, nope.I ordered a glass and a half if wine. Waitress told me it's 7oz of wine. No way in hell did the glass have that much wine in it. I think they just poured 4oz into a bigger glass and charged me extra for it.I only went here because I thought I could play games on the tablets while I waited. NOPE. What's the point of having those things if you don't have entertainment on them? We seriously don't want to pay for the privileged of watching a rotating AD. It would be better if the beer prices were worth it--they are not. The price of a beer that would be $4 in an equvalent restaurant costs $8 here. And yes--I know it's an airport. But still. You cut the cost of having true service and you can't drop the price a bit? Ugh.Mac fans rejoice! You get to level place your order on an iPad. However, once the novelty of the futuristic ordering process has worn off I realized I had just ordered one of the worst Bloody Mary's of all time. Sometimes you get a decent drink at an airport bar but not this one. 
I can't speak much about the food and to be honest there's not many alcohol options in terminal F so you'll probably end up here anyways if you want a stiff drink.The good, the bad, and the ugly.
Good... iPad technology to order with gorgeous pics of food and beer - although a bit of navigation time needed to get it figured out.  Great selection of beers if that's your thing.  
Bad... ordered side of asparagus.  Picture shows 20 young asparagus spears with light drizzling of sauce.  Delivered 5 spears (about 35% of total weight represented in picture), that were old think and overcooked with a dollop of sauce that looked like a 1/2 of a container of yogurt.  I then complained, so they made the exact same thing as they delivered before.  
Ugly...  Told the manager, and she didn't care.  
if you are doing a fly by at the bar, it'll work.  Otherwise, go over the any restaurant in the food court, because you at least get what you paid for.iPads and easy to get to charging stations (USB and outlets) at every seat.  You order, pay, and/or run a tab from the iPad.  Makes service super quick which is important at an airport.  No more looking around for your server and check when you should be boarding your plane.  They encourage you to use the iPad while you are there.  They are set up with airport flight status on the home page.  Free internet of course and top off the charge on all your devices before you fly.  An automatic 18% gratuity seemed a bit high when the iPad is doing much of the work.Run do not walk away from this place. Never again!  Cold food and I can see why as I watch the servers in the back letting food sit for a long time. For the first time in my life, I felt like sending a plate back. Everything was cold and it has to be the worst overpriced cheesesteak I have ever had. In Philly?  Sad. Don't go. Save money and eat better in the food court.The food was good but the place is super pricey. We had a somewhat surly, non communicative server who grunted at us the couple of times we interacted with her, yet a 20% tip was automatically added to the bill.  Our total bill was $84 for a salad, turkey burger, & 2 glasses of wine. Love the iPad ordering but completely disagree with the 20% gratuity...seems to defeat the purpose.Not a fan of the i pad experience. Wasn't greated at all until I put my order in and received my beer. I ordered a Guinness Draft and they were out. I opted for a less expensive stout but was still charged for the more expensive Guinness. Although it wasn't a bad beer, it was just the point of paying more. (because you pay before with tip included)  Anyways,  I'm a bartender myself and feel the i pads take away from the customer interactions. (what did i tip for?) The one good thing I must say is they do have a nice beer selection. If you are an IPA fan this is your spot. It's a little on the pricy side, but it's an airport, get over it.  Will not return on future visists. Not even a thank you! Ha ha!Waiting for a flight on and early Tuesday morning, (still ordered beer because hey, it's never too early when traveling.) This is a clean, technology driven bar and grill type place, in terminal F of Philly International. I must say this whole terminal is much more pleasant than that of the larger ones. Local taverns servers and bartenders were extremely pleasant and helpful, explaining how to use the iPad's to place your order. They also gave me the rundown on a few beers on draft. The draft selection here is very impressive. There has to be around 30 choices, all with clear pricing and descriptions on the iPad menu. It's not as weird as I'd imagine either, ordering from an iPad. The servers were present so you didn't feel like a number talking to robots. Ordered a standard two egg breakfast with pork roll. Order was correct, eggs cooked perfectly, everything hot as expected. Overall a great visit. This will be my spot to return to at terminal F.The food is pricey even for an airport restaurant. The screen ordering menu is cool the servers seem great. 
They have loads of gluten free options but the food is bland to me.Food is okay, but I would avoid this place. Ate there yesterday pm, credit card number stolen (most probably skimmed on their automated checkout service) and used 2000 miles from my destination.Airport robbery
Wish I had read reviews before ordering here but I was seduced by the opportunity of free wi-fi.  That was a joke because the signal for customers is so weak you can't get anything done. You can use the restaurant's iPads if they're working, not too grimy and not too many interruptions to order more overpriced foods and drinks. Agree that the staff is missing in action and snarky. Pictures of food on iPad more appetizing than the real thing.Cheesesteak was good fries suck and the iPad ordering eliminates any social reason to be there. Tip is auto-included even though there isn't any "service" just delivery. No tab means pay as you go so a new charge for each drink ordered which sucks when putting expense reports together. Navigating the menu to find what you want is no where near as quick as a traditional menu. Not impressed and will hit revive instead on my trips through hereAverage in every way. Pad ordering so don't expect service from wait staff unless you call them. You'll have time for a quick nap before they arrive. However, they still expect 20%+. If your black you're good on the cooking bar. The entire staff will make sure getting great service. If you're white sit at the bar and service is very good. As I look around travelers have figured this out already. Sorry to be late to the game. If management employed ordering ipads to reduce service costs, shouldn't that be directly passed on to the customers doing their self service ordering?Really darn good for airport fare. They use the order and pay from a tablet method, which means they are card only payment. The server however still checked on us and helped explain the system. Since I was on a layover in Philly, I had to get the cheesesteak. Very tasty, and the fries were good.So the food was good but it's just an off set up.  I have an iPad that someone has to explain to me how to order in what seems like the time they could have taken my order.   Make sure of in a group you all check out at the same time on your iPads, that way you will get your food at the same time. 
Not a fan of the concept.This place is absolutely awful. We just sat at the bar (the only seats available were dirty) for quite some time and the finally girl came up to us and said "I can't clean that off for a long time so you may have to eat there with it dirty" So we just got chipotle instead. I'm glad we did. They were rude in there. Is it that hard to ask a co-worker for some help?! Please do not eat here! Don't waste your time between planes with crappy service!im amazed
sit down
order food
pay
quick service
drinks arrived in a minute
food in 10 minutes
meanwhile im plugged in charging
checking emails and working
food is delicious
and exactly as i ordered
no waiting in line
no waiting for waiters
and no waiting for the check
basically no waiting is a great thing!!!
i love this place
this is the future
enjoy!!!Nobody likes travelling through airports, but this place makes it a little easier. IPad ordering, outlets for charging your stuff. About average pricing as far as airport restaurants go.I'm really torn here, I love the concept but it needs support and a lot of it.
I had time to kill at the airport and there's not many sit-down options in the F terminal at Philly so I figured why not. Easy enough to figure out, you sit at bar pick up iPad and place order. Runner brings it and you are done. If you have a question ask a real person and they help.. Well that's how it should happen. I helped two people sitting next to me as they had no clue what they were doing and the staff just looked on. The worst thing here is you pay and TIP before you get your meal.. Who exactly did my tip go to because I did not get service?? If you'd like to fix it go to Chili's they even did this concept right. You can't remove people and expect a computer to be able to handle.
I ordered an app and a sandwich along with a club soda (which don't plan on a refill just for the record). The server brought all my stuff out at once, I said this was an app. Her solution was she'll put the same sandwich under the heat lamp to keep it warm ( no, I want I fresh sandwich not something lingering around kitchen) I politely passed , I don't want crappy food. She then asked me if I wanted a to go container as that would be better or something? Well I just kept both and alternated eating the foods so my philly didn't make the bun soggy and my wings would still be hot.
The food is actually really good!! It's the technology/ lack of service. Technology isn't bad if you have a living breathing person to check on you, refill drinks, get condiments. If you are able to get someone's attention they have an attitude.OMG! We had the duck fat fried fries, roasted brussel sprouts, and chicken wings. Yum! Yum! Yum! The ipads SUCK, but that's done and over with at the beginning of your dining experience, and the wait staff is MORE than happy to help you through it if it drives you nuts!
The beers! Oh, the beers!!!!! I wish I could post my pictures of ALL the beers that they have on tap, but I can't figure out how...
I'll be stopping here EVERY TIME I have a layover in Philly :)So on my layover this past weekend, I stopped in. Unfamiliar with iPad ordering, it took some getting used to. I ordered the mac n cheese and was disappointed in the meal and the size (I found it to be a very small portion). My drink was initially brought out wrong, but was quickly corrected by the bartender. I waited a long time to get a simple water, but my biggest issue was with the servers falling all over a little dog that a customer brought in. The servers spent a good deal of time petting the dog, then went on to interact with food, drinks, etc. Don't get me wrong, I love dogs, but not in a restaurant and not when my servers are interacting with them. The other thing I didn't love was having to put in a tip when I ordered, instead of at the end. The tip is selected on the iPad when ordering food, making it hard to tell what the tip should be for the entire time you are there. For airport food, the quality was good and since I end up in Philly airport often, I might be back.Food was decent, I had the chicken sandwich. You order from an iPad which was different, would rather interact with a person. You pay at the end of your order and include tip before you receive any service, not a big fan of that at all. It's expensive too boot.Aesthetically pleasant and modern but the food takes too long.  It took 20 minutes for an omelette. I had to take it to go. Coffee was semi warm and omelette was ok.  I saw that they do have a good selection of draft beers:)The look and feel of the place was very cool so we decided to spend s couple hours there between flights. You order from iPads that are at each seat at the bar, but be careful!  If you order a glass of wine, by default the option for an extra half glass is checked for an extra $5 or so. Then before you know what's happening you have a $15 dollar glass (full pour) of cheap wine. The Philly cheesesteak was good, but when the check came my money manager spouse noticed the total (all computerized) was $2.00 off. No big deal, but he was just curious how it could have possibly calculated in error. The waiter seemed uninterested and mentioned that it "was just two dollars" but would re-do it. It took a good 15 minutes for the re-do, and we were off running to board our plane. Upon further inspection, it was still $2.00 off!  Something is not quite right there. The food and atmosphere were great, but inspect your orders and tickets carefully!This concept is seriously cool. I thought I'd be stuck with no choices when I boarded a shuttle bus to get to Terminal F in the Philly airport. But then I found Local. Each seat has an iPad that provides updates on flight status, free internet, and an easy and straightforward ordering system. I was able to order food that came out in only a few minutes, and the staff presented it with a smile. 
The best part, for me at least, was that there are about 60 beers to choose from, and many are local and less than five are your typical macro set (bud, shock top, etc.). This is the perfect place to park yourself during a layover. I seriously wish every airport had one. No more waiting for slow service while worrying about your flight. Sit here, order food and a beer on the iPad, and relax until your flight. 
They also offer to pack up your food to go of you are in a hurry. 
The next time I'm in this airport I will definitely be stopping back in!The waitress was hot. The shrimps and grits were OK but overpriced. What's not cool is they sell "fresh squeezed" for $4.75 which quite clearly is pasteurized and not fresh. The hot waitress admitted it and refunded this. I probably won't be back or maybe to say hello to said waitress. 
MehHealth foodies know how hard it can be to find a healthy and nutritious meal that leaves you feeling good and satisfied, while traveling in an airport. This place hit all those spots. I had their burrata, arugula and beet salad, along with their mushroom side dish. The ingredients were fresh and so delicious. 
I was skeptical at first because you don't seem to have a server and order everything through an iPad. I was just hungry though. However, all of the staff proved to be friendly and attentive. Kudos to the chef/ manager, RICH that engaged in conversation with me while I sat by myself. Super nice and super cool guy. That definitely was the cherry on top of my experience. 
Thank you Local Tavern for offering healthy options and making a travelers day much more enjoyable!This place is awful. They don't take cash and the service is unacceptable.The stupid ipads makes it so the waiters never come by the table, and when you do finally get one of the attention they are rude and condescending. My waitress was a total rude dolt. The food and drinks are also extremely overpriced for an airport restaurant. Overall a very bad experience!I like this place.  Love the iPad concept, especially since I am in an airport waiting for a flight.  I just want to hang out and not be bothered, and this is an easy place to do it. Creative food, high end for an airport, as reasonably priced considering the high quality. This is more than a novelty.  Good food, good beer, good atmosphere.  When is my flight?Hall & Oats, The Hooters and Elton John singing "Philadelphia Freedom" (or phreedom) are all part of The Local atmosphere. Situated in the center of terminal F you will find this cafe/restaurant. Order from an iPad [what happened to service with a smile] and hope to get your water glass refilled and a request, if you need anything such as an extra napkin or ketchup. I had the veggie burger and it was hot and tasted good. Optional sides were available for an upcharge so I stuck with the fries that came with the meal, since I paid $1 for a slice of cheese to be added to the burger. Not bad but not much service included in the service charge.Restaurant in the Philadelphia Airport. We had lunch while waiting for flight.  All ordering and payment is done on Individual I-Pads at the table.  Food comes within 15 minutes.  I had a turkey and Brie sandwich.  It came with a mixed green salad that was very fresh. The turkey on the sandwich was more on the processed side than I like, but overall it was an ok sandwich.  It is a pricey option for lunch.Decent airport spot with a wide menu, large beer selection and full service bar.  They are unique in this they have iPads on all tables and you order and pay through them. They have a charging port for your gear at EVERY seat.  Free games and novelties to keep you occupied.   The food was good and slightly better than what expect from an airport pub.  If you are in terminal F stop by.The food is always solid.  Especially the breakfast.  I like the I pad based ordering and entertainment.  The only thing that I would improve is the interaction with the customer.  My waitress barely spoke and while I appreciate the automation, I do like a little interaction.Whoa! Do not let these photos fool you and do not waste your money here. Unbelievably bad, over priced and skimpy sisco food. Our waitress was amazing which is the ONLY reason we did not complain. We will not be back. I should add, this is the F Terminal in Philly airport-  
SAD!The ambience has modern feel which is complemented by IPads for ordering at each table. I ordered a simple breakfast: coffee and a seasonal fruit plate. The coffee arrived barely hot with no spoon and half & half because the restaurant doesn't have milk of any kind. That's hard to believe. The fruit plate didn't come with bananas (as featured in the picture). The fruit was sour so I ate 20% of it. During my 25-30 minute, not one server checked on me. Cool concept but the impersonal service and food left me searching for alternative.Actually there are two places in terminal F that have the equipment to make espresso and cappuccino, but it looks like Local is the place to get the latter served in a hot, wide-mouthed cappuccino cup. I like my cup pre-warmed with hot water before the pour. My barista was accommodating, serving up a big, steaming cup, hot to the touch. 
Still I prefer human interaction to the iPad order, especially when my servers are whipping around at arms length.Oh my gosh I LOVED this place. The food was amazing and I loved ordering by iPad.  When I was done. I could just bounce. My kind of place. We need one in LAActually there are two places in terminal F that have the equipment to make espresso and cappuccino, but it looks like Local is the place to get the latter served in a hot, wide-mouthed cappuccino cup. I like my cup pre-warmed with hot water before the pour. My barista was accommodating, serving up a big, steaming cup, hot to the touch. 
Still I prefer human interaction to the iPad order, especially when my servers are whipping aroat arms length. 
Update September 7, 2018:
Subject: Custoner Service
I ordered a Cortado on the iPad, then remembered that I like my cup superheated, so asked one of the cooks to tell the barista to heat it up with warm water before the pour. I watched her shake her head no to the cook in private conversation, and pour my Cortado into a champagne glass. Instead of talking to me first, she presented the drink and smugly advised "that's the way a Cortado is served," barely glancing in my direction. 
First, this may be the traditional way to serve a Cortado, or not, but it's the very first time I have seen the drink presented this way. Second, a good customer service approach would be to talk to your customer, given the barista was 2 steps away from me at the espresso machine. I came here a 2nd time because I expected a similar approach to customer service as my last visit, when I ordered a cappuccino. This lack of emotional intelligence is inexcusable.Not good and too expensive. Just drinking water and no one was available to refill the ridiculously small glasses. Why am I going to tip you for doing literally nothing??No Good, Unprofessional wait staff
     I recently passed through the airport on a long layover and decided to tryout this place being the beer connoisseur that I am.  After walking in I some how managed to find a spot at this crowded place at the bar to which i was first confused with the iPad experience. I ended up ordering a beer flight and then later a Scallop special that they had going on. needless to say the dishes were overpriced for the amount of food that was received. It wasn't till after I made my first initial purchase that I read more into the reviews. **PAY ATTENTION PEOPLE! Why are you tipping when a MACHINE does all the work. Needless to say I didn't tip at all for my main meal. Also you need to look closely as the "default" tip is set at 18%. You do however have the option to scroll to your preferred percentage.
     Typically when visiting a restaurant I like to look around and observer the wait staff and how they are running things which was very easy at this location. I actually just so happened to take a photo of the shift Manager standing in front of me playing games on his cellphone. 
****Also be extremely watchful of your Credit Cards as my info was also skimmed from one of the automated checkout service they have.
     The experience was so bad that I took the time and filled out the customer survey they had on the iPads and briefly mentioned the manager texting. 2 days later o got an email back from Corporate requesting the photo of the manager. I passed it along and nothing was said again from the place or about it.
**Overall, not the place I would visit again if i had a layover and certainly NOT a place to swipe your credit card. Unprofessional staff and unreliable electronic equipment.
**Read the reviews First**I loved it!! Was here for 3.5 hours and it was a great place to relax. The food is 100% underrated! Super impressiveI found this to be very nice - I only ordered a Cappuccino so don't have an opinion on the food but being able to pay quickly at my table was efficient, the servers were prompt and helpful and it was great to be able to charge my phone while keeping an eye on my flight status.  Also being able to use the IPads, after I ordered, to do some quick searching was a welcome thing.  I think this is a great concept - extremely good for an airport spot.This is the BEST place to hang if you have a layover! The ordering system is great! Every seat has an iPad with pictures and descriptions of every item so you know exactly what your getting. Also, because you place your own order everything arrives very quickly. All the girls behind the bar are super nice! It was Asia and Lauren that were helping me the most. And the food is amazing!! It almost makes me want to fly to Phili more just so I can come hang here!Seriously the best airport food I have ever had. (Buffalo wings were seriously as good, if not better, than the ones I had where they originated in Buffalo!!) Very cool layout and system. Grab a seat and order at your own pace through the iPad. Order and pay when you like. Staff is incredibly helpful and makes it easy. Every seat has access to charging for personal devices. I wish they had a location at home outside of an airport!!The wait staff was very pleasant and I liked the self serve ordering set-up but that's where it ends.  I ordered a glass of wine, fried pickle spears and  brussel sprouts.  The wine choices were generally expensive even for the airport, the pickle breading was hard as a rock and the brussel sprouts were incredibly greasy (standing grease on the bottom of the dish).  It's too bad because I love good versions of both of those.  As it is I have a very upset stomach and am about to board a plane.  Never again!Ordered a burger gluten free.  Brought me a great looking burger on a regular bun. They were nice enough to remake it, and swap out with gfree bread.  
So I asked the manager for a beer while I wait for them to recook it.  She nicely comped it, but also told me that she checked the ticket, and that my original order didn't state gluten-free.  Well that was nice of her.  
Food was average.  Even though they got the order wrong, customer service was pretty good.I love this place, a piece of Heaven in the hell that is PHI.  A classy, surprisingly dimly-lit tavern with plenty of room for all your crap and chargers for each seat. Having forgotten my phone and misplaced my laptop this trip, the iPads at each seat were a welcome sight, especially with three hours to burn after missing a flight by ten minutes. Not only do they have Internet, Facebook, blackjack, and time-killing games, the iPads are also your waiter, and they don't make mistakes, (though they may order you a rat poison shake once SKYNET takes over). 
Ps. Good food, too, at a fair price. For an airport cheesesteak, mine was great, with no weird fatty knuckle pieces.Food was good and this was a nice option considering what's usually available in airports. Husband got the Philly cheesesteak, and it was hot and well seasoned. I ordered some kind of beet salad, which was good but came with an odd mozzarella cheese blob on it. The lemon vinaigrette was nice. 
Reason for two stars is the atmosphere/ambiance. It is really strange and depressing to see an iPad at every table. You order through it and swipe your credit card. The waitress that brought our food did not make any eye contact and practically slammed the plates down in front of us before walking away. I think it is hilarious that the iPad automatically tries to add an 18% tip to an order for a human being that you barely ever see. A great restaurant for the antisocial among us, staff and customers alike.Watch out, this "modern" iPad based ordering system automatically adds a tip to your bill.  This isn't Europe and we don't appreciate a 25% gratuity on slow service.The customers that can't handle the iPad ordering style should have moved on instead of faulting the establishment for it. While the style is certainly different, it's rather innovative in that:
1) you're only bothered by staff when you want
2) there's no crowded bars to fight through to get a drink
3) you're in complete control of your experience
While the system defaults to upcharges (that's capitalism folks), it's rather obvious how to change that. I certainly would never go out of my way to eat here, but it's more than fine while waiting for a flight. There's also charging stations at ever seat. For the price of a glass of wine (or whatever you want), this certainly beats waiting at the gate.Am not fond of ordering using an iPad but I can adjust to that.  I was dissatisfied that I could see through the fatty bacon. And the potatoes were deep fried and no flavor.  Good luck.Say bruh. They got iPads. No, for serious -- you use the iPads to order food, drinks, everything! It's so novel!
Except every airport I've been in has this same "innovation." So, please, chill on fawning over the iPads.
The food is serviceable, if a tad pricey, but the beer selection is good and the staff is friendly. I had no issue with my vodka soda and/or pilsner during my three hour layover. 
Plus, they offered a comfy, spacious place to charge my iPhone. That ALONE is worth a couple stars. 
Rock on, Local. Y'all are okay with me.Cool idea. Decent execution. Stuff charged slower than usual. Weird. Same overpriced aeroport food. But not badGreat place while waiting for a flight out of Philadelphia. The Troegs Perpetual IPA is a good Indian Pale Ale. A little pricey, but not a bad place with a good atmosphere, for an airport. The wings are a Local favorite.Very nice place for an airport...iPad ordering was a little different.  Didn't take anytime to figure it out.  It was kind of nice, especially if you are in a hurry.  No waiting, order, eat and go.  Cheesesteaks and fries were very good.  Staff friendly and attentive.Terrible. Nice decor, clearly much more effort put into beautiful photos of food than actually making and serving the food. I ordered a veggie burger that looked amazing on the iPad graphic, after 20 min got the wrong order and another 5 min got a sorry, mushy disgusting blob on a plain roll. Sent it back. Asparagus was tiny portion and slathered with a sauce that seemed to be salty mayonnaise (for $7).Except for the weird computer shit for ordering, best airport food and beer selection for any airport!!!!If you have an issue with your food - your outta luck! You've paid & tipped already! The server doesn't care!! The ordering method doesn't allow you to request anything, ie: light onions or on the side. You can't review your bill after you've swiped your card! Nor can you add to it!
I should've opted for the food court!Had a 5 hour layer over,  so to a bar we went! This place has a cool concept, but that's about it.  You order on tablets,  which can get confusing and time consuming.  I want to talk to a human being,  not order on a computer,  especially since someone is getting my tip. 
The prices are very expensive, but their beer selection is good. We didn't eat anything because the food was also very expensive. We went somewhere else to eat and then came back there to drink.
If you don't order something within 20 minutes , the tablet automatically cashes you out ( you need to swipe a credit card). I got a big beer and I can't drink that in 20 minutes so I wasn't fond of that idea of having to keep running my credit card. Because of this we only had 2 beers, they are costing themselves and money.
Lastly when it cashes you out it puts an automatic 18% gratuity on your bill. If you're cashing yourself out, without being timed out, you can choose which gratuity you want to leave.
With technology taking over everything in the world it's nice to talk to human beings when you go out to eat, & I don't like having to order through a machine. The person is getting the full tip but the only doing half the job
Oh, and their shots are 10 dollars!!??!? Uhhhhhhh no.Really..really disappointed...there is a reason they get the tip up front...the service is horrible.  The food is over priced even by airport standards.Not impressed at all. For the price it just sucked. Plain and simple. Had the short rib sandwich which contained flavorless meat, a soggy chibota roll, and WAY TOO MUCH sauce. Avoid this place.This seemed like a great idea at the start, but it fails at the very core level of restaurantship. The food was mediocre at best. First and foremost the iPads at every seat and high chair plus new aged decor lured me in, but left me high and dry without the courtesy of a happy ending in the end. I ordered using their snazzy iPads, but when I got my beer it had some kind of little object in it. Let's call it mystery twig. I promptly asked for a replacement and they obliged. 
Next thing were the size of the appetizers. They were huge. I did not expect them to be so big, and normally i would entertain the notion of welcoming large plates of food, however in this case I was sadly disappointed. I decided to order the orange chipotle wings. When they came I didn't detect either orange nor chipotle. The meat seemed a tad under completely cooked and had no flavor what so ever. The glaze which they seemingly added after cooking the wings had a separated taste. You taste the glaze then as you bite in deepest you are lost in a sea of blandness. The only thing that saved the dish was the blue cheese dressing. Normally I finish every plate of wings I ever order even if it's mediocre. Sadly not In this case. Come on guys... You can do better.
I also ordered a burger that I custom made myself. I have yet to eat it because I was so full after eating the wings, yet so unsatisfied that I decided to head to my connecting flight instead and eat the burger later at my final destination. 
I wished I would have looked at yelp reviews before I ate here, could have saved me the blandness I experience in my life. 
My advice is to steer clear! Bon Voyage!Why am I "suggested" to pay an 18% tip if I'm ordering self-service on an iPad? To make things worse, I'm forced to pay tip while placing my order, so the staff has NO motivation to render great service -- and it shows! I hope this is not "the future" of dining out -- the food & ambience was good, but the service & prices (high for a burger + fries) were tragic...Expensive,  ineptitude service,  marginal quality.  In other words,  a waste of time and money.Food was not worth the price.  Very oily and presentation left much to be desired.  Thinking I'm expecting too much. I am at an airport after all.  One last thing... What am I tipping for?If I could give zero stars, I would. I don't recall the last time I saw a restaurant staff that gave less of a damn. There didn't appear to be a manager on site and if there was, he or she wasn't visible - clear lack of leadership. The young woman who served our food barely acknowledged our presence. And when we sent our raw burger back she didn't say anything; she just turned around and handed it to the cook and told him to refire it. No managerial handoff or even concern about it. She was too busy garbage-mouthing to care, I guess.
The cook was a real slacker. When he cleaned off any surface, he just wiped it into the floor. I watched him pull a portion of what appeared to be some kind of meat out of a container of liquid and intentionally drip the excess liquid in the floor before taking the meat to its destination. And when he opened the wrapper on buns or whatever he threw the wrapper at the garbage can. Sometimes it made it in. 
Oh and on our refired burger, they got it completely wrong... And didn't care. I know, it's an airport restaurant and they're not known for their quality but what irritated me most was that they didn't even care whether it was good or bad, right our wrong, or if we like it or not. Pathetic. If I owned the restaurant, I'd fire the GM and see if that made a difference then start cleaning house.Probably the strangest bar I've ever been to! I stopped in for a beer before a flight. It's great if you want to sit down and work on your laptop before a flight (or write a Yelp review, as I am), but it goes downhill from there. 
To order that beer I had to navigate around the iPad app and find the beer I wanted (which took some time, even though I knew what I wanted), then after realizing they have no concept of a "tab" I had to pay for that one drink now. By credit card - and prepaying the tip before you've seen any service. As it turns out they didn't have what I wanted to hand so it took another 5 minutes of them digging around to find what I wanted.
It's funny that most of the staff look like they're stuck for something to do. Now if I want to do it again, I have to go through the iPad again, another transaction on my credit card and another blind tip.
It's an interesting idea, and I'm reasonably tech savvy (I do own an iPad) but I don't think it works. Ordering a bottled beer should not take longer than 30 seconds. It's strange for a bar to make this effort to be so anti-social. Once I've finished this one, I'll be moving on and looking for a normal bar.The food that I tried, cheese plate appetizer and burger were excellent and came out quickly. They carry a multitude of draft beers and other beverages as well.  The place is a bit pricey and the gratuity is already included and auto set at 18% but can be changed on the ipad, in which you have to do all your ordering through.  They also only accept debit/credit there, no cash.  The one thing I didn't like was having to scan my card numerous times when I wanted something else.  I also found the customer-employee interaction poor as well.  People were rarely greeted by those working the bar area nor had any idea about the purpose of the ipads and payment options.  I think due to them trying to automate as much as they can, it lessons the human interaction/conversion element. The bar tenders just pour your drink and drop off your food and walk on.Bars were meant to allow people to get out, chat and have human interaction! That said although this place is high-tech and many under 30 may find it appealing I hope it isn't the way of the future. The beer taps were so big I couldn't even see the bartender. I tried to just order no luck. I can't image non tech folks attempting this place. You might as well have a swipe deck with a self serve drink service in paper cups to go! Why have a bar???? Jon Taffer where are you?While the IPads are cool the service today was average at best.  The waitress had a bit of an attitude that thru the course of the meal, I didn't feel like putting up with as the consumer.  DO NOT LIKe paying for a tip before I even had the experience.  Because of that I left 10 percent but for the overall experience I might have 5.   And there's no manager to talk to.   Down side:  only place in terminal F to get a Bloody MaryManagement stepped up and resolved issue completely.  Between emails, calls, text msgs, they were 'all over it' to resolve the concern.  As I mentioned previously, food is good, service prompt.  Ordering is on a tablet and paid by card only.  Be sure you ge tyour receipt before leaving restaurant.  Enjoy--it is good.Concept is good
Service is not
No ownership from servers
Tipping before meal is complete is dump
No salt n pepper, ketchup, hot sauce n no one to talk to to get itHave you ever been to an establishment where the person facing the customers is so bad you just want to walk behind the counter to fire them? 
If this review was solely on this girl I am referring to it would be a one star. The pancakes I ordered were actually amazing. Lemon ricotta. Most of the other staff was friendly. I liked this place because it's easy to order and the iPad tells you when your flight is boarding. 
So this girl. The main person taking orders. I sat at the counter and listened to her be lazy over and over again. First off, it's 6am, coffee is a hot ticket. This nice gentleman who works for the airline asks for sugar. Not artificial. So she hands him Splenda. He says no real sugar. She says oh we don't have it if you don't see it.... I say, there's about 50 packs right here sir. 
Then an old man asks for help using the pad to order. She says "just press what you want"
AYFKM?! 
Another guy walks up. She clearly sees him, but keeps doing something without even acknowledging his presence. THEN SHE WALKED AWAY! another employee that's not even working the counter had to ask him if he needed help. Then she had to go find this person. SMH. 
I left. She is the prime example of the "can't do" attitude that gives Philadelphia workers a bad name.Horrible service. Customers order on iPads, which does not have an intuitive interface, takes way too long, and cannot accommodate special requests or questions. The servers won't pay attention to you unless you select that you need their assistance on the iPad. Even then, they will not come over. There's no reason to tip 20% since the servers don't interact with consumers at all.New bar. Great surprise in terminal F and great beer selection. IPads at every seat in the bar making it super easy to order. Surf the web free. AC outlets at each seat to recharge phones, etc. Food looks good but didn't order--who cares--it's airport food.  Free internet (not wifi) and AC outlets!Food is OK, but the music was phenomenal.  Best "Sound of Philadelphia" soul I've heard in a long while.  I heard the Spinners, Harold Melvin, The Intruders, Teddy P and some obscure sounds I almost forgot about.  Good job.  It doesn't sound like the usual satellite/cable dreck.
Chris D'LitesThis is my go-to restaurant when I have a layover in Philly. The setup is uniquely great. They have tables for groups and bar style seats so it's easy for an individual to sit without taking a table too large for one. At each seat is a tablet where you can instantly view the menu, place your order and pay. All without needing to wait on a waitress or waiter. The staff checks on you and clean up the settings very nicely. How efficient! There are also outlets with USB ports at all seats so you can charge your devices while you dine. 
Now, to the food. The food is surprisingly good for an airport. The pricing is a bit expensive, but it is in an airport and the environment is so pleasant and stress free. Plus, they do need to staff this restaurant more than a walk up food place. Kudos to this establishment.The iPads are incredibly distracting. My family came here in between flights, and we were just overwhelmed by all the screens in front of us we barely talked. As a solo traveler, this place would be great! Browse the internet, check flight times, easy and fast service. I wouldn't recommend it if you actually want to talk to the people you're with, however.I stopped here when my flight home was delayed because it has a cool, modern feel to it.  You do need to order your meals through an iPad but I've encountered that in other airports and didn't mind.  I ordered the cheesesteak and a tall beer from a giant list of local and national beers.  The cheesesteak was good.  The bread was soft and the meat was flavorful.  
But, then I encountered some issues.  My iPad wasn't working properly so I moved to the next seat over at the recommendation of the server.  I ordered a second beer and it was taking forever.  Luckily, the staff is attentive and checked on me frequently.  I was able to get my second beer very quickly after I let the server know that it was missing.
My biggest complaint though is that I never received my email receipt.  It's been about a week since I was there.  I was traveling for work and my corporate credit card was giving me issues.  I paid with my personal credit card and now I can't be reimbursed for dinner since I don't have a receipt.  Even though the meal was good and the service was quick (aside from the bar staff), I am not thrilled that I didn't get the receipt.Good food and unique service. Able to track flight departure and charge mobile device. Costs are a bit priceyI don't expect much in terms of food quality but 35 minutes to make an omelette when the bar area had 8 people is a little ridiculous. Good thing I had a two hour layover.Terrible.  Immediately got sick after eating.  Then when I arrived to my hotel I checked my bank account and I had been charged twice!  I DO NOT recommend.The iPad ordering interface takes a few seconds to learn but despite being the first thing you notice really isn't the main point of this place. Decent food and a great list of draft local beers are more important attributes. I ate fish and chips, which was very good, especially considering we're talking airport food here. Can't remember eating better between domestic flights in the US. Local has decent music playing, friendly staff and a nice vibe. It's not cheap but it's a good way to spend an hour in an airport.Worst service I've ever had at a bar. Staff pays ZERO ATTENTION. Silverware and serving hands are dirty and the bar is littered with dirty glassware because no one can be bothered to clean. Dirty rags with food particles are used to "clean" place settings. 
Beer is way over priced. You have to tip before you get served. Leave $0. It's what they deserve. (Point of sale defaults to 18% gratuity for no help, no service, dirty settings... WTF??)Not bad for airport food. Decently priced too. Ordered French toast with a side over eggs over medium. Eggs were actually cooked OM! 
Place has cool tablets you can play on, service was fairly quick.Terrible Bloody Mary. Terrible service. The ipad ordering makes it so they don't think to pay attention, plus, I had to leave a tip before I realized how awful it was. Did not eat.Food is OK, no cash, electronic receipt never arrived.  Fast service, didn't want to charge ---can't reach anyone...had to go thru airport mgt company to try to get receipt.  Now my charge of $26 for breakfast?!?!?!?!  if not resolved in 48 hrs, will be challenging charge and filing formal complaint.Flight delayed so decided to eat dinner.  Place trendy and you order on iPad on table.  Unfortunately,  got my order wrong twice.  Their Brussels sprouts were absolutely fantastic! The pretzel cheese steak was good but came out as regular cheese steak.  Then I paid upcharge for sweet potatoes and they were regular fries.   By the time order was right, pretzel chesse steak was good but fries were cold and soggy.  Server very nice and apologetic!I ordered my burger medium. It was beyond well-done. I've been waiting for a redo. Wish they'd left the fries with me  it is good my flight is delayed, otherwise I'd be walking out without having eaten. Since I paid in advance - all ordering is done on an iPad. 
The second burger arrived. It was still grey throughout, but not as dried out. To their credit, I was not charged for the food, hence the 2nd star. Still an unpleasant experience.Disgusting. I ordered a simple chicken dish.  How can you screw that up? Chicken was way overcooked so it was drying out. Tasted like it was freezer burnt too. Sauce was like canned gravy with burnt garlic added to it. Coffee was undrinkable (stale).  Even if the food had been ok, overpriced, even for an airport.
Avoid at all costs.  Go to the nearby Chipotle instead.The Philadelphia airport has come a long way, baby!   Honestly, about eight years ago I wrote a blog post about how awful this place was and now I cannot even see the skeleton of the old Philly airport!  Kudos to them!  So tonight I find myself here with a few hours to kill and all I really want is a good salad, a decent glass of Pinot and a friendly server. Most airports would not meet this challenge. The Local tavern exceeded my expectations!  They have an ordering system (that might seem daunting at first but is totally worth mastering) that is completely online. An iPad at every seat and seats are abundant. You can order, pay and monitor your flight... All from the iPad in front of you. That's not even the very best part!  The best part is that the staff are amazing!  You can watch them while you dine... They are hustling. Preparing food with expert hands and getting it to your table in record time... And the bestest part?  With a friendly smile!  Seriously, it might be airport nirvana. So why not five stars?  Ok, so the system isn't perfect. The menu can be a tiny bit confusing and at first I and a few of my fellow travelers thought we were being double charged for our wine... But in the end we were not. The menu definitely needs some clarification. So perhaps the people who make the iPad menu system should focus less on trying to get us to gamble and okay their silly games and focus on menu accuracy?  Otherwise, this place is solid. The people who work here should al get a medal!  Thank you especially, Channel!  She stopped an answered am of my dumb questions!I was skeptical at first, viewing the lit-up iPad ordering system at each and every seat, packed with apps, looking like some kind of casino set-up.  But you know, once you figured it out (which I did by playing around with it), it was kind of fun choosing your items and placing your order this way (though I did inadvertently order the wrong item due to inaccurate swiping, which the server later corrected for me).  You then swipe your credit card in each table's reader and open a tab.  So okay, that's well and good, how's the food and service?  Surprisingly good!  Wait-staff (who do exist and bring you your order -- and you can summon them on your iPad too) were friendly and helpful (and adept at spotting those who need help with these darn-gum new-fangled gizmos like me); and the food was tasty and well-prepared.  I had a Philly cheesesteak (which I think the menu claimed it used Pat's recipe) and it was quite tender and juicy.  It was also easy to change the sides from fries to a salad on the iPad and the salad was quite fresh and well-made.  I give the place a high rating due to the novelty and the decent grub.Got to agree with others - zero stars. Stars need to be earned; and forcing customers to order 'only' through an iPad isn't just ridiculous - its a flawed business plan that alienates customers like me. I enjoy going to bars & taverns to meet people and interact, not to be walled off by technology...I thought the concept and the food were both pretty good. I ate there twice. I love the idea of getting up and leaving when ready instead of hunting down a check. However, there are some drawbacks. The biggest issue I had was with a receipt. The spellcheck on the iPad constantly tries to correct the spelling of email adresses, which usually doesn't fit the spelling of a standard dictionary. In the end, I probably entered a bad email address due to spellcheck and only received one receipt from 2 dining occasions. And the only phone number I could find on urban spoon for the restaurant was incorrect. And it took a lot of searching just to find that number. So, there is no way to submit my meal for a business expense. 
That doesn't mean I won't go back again. But I will double-check my receipt of my receipt before I leave.  The steak was good, the cheesesteak was good and as others have mentioned any choices(salad dressing) that aren't listed when ordering are not available as they would be with a server. But, I can live with that. I just wish I could somehow obtain my receipt!Total disappointment! 
This review is specifically for the Philadelphia location.
I have just been reminded to always check yelp no matter how busy or cool a place looks. I ordered a margarita upgraded to a better tequila, all the choices right on the screen it was so cool. The iPad suggested I make it double for three dollars, I did, I then ordered a burger changed my fries to a salad and added a side order of roasted brussels sprouts it sounded wonderful. 
My drink arrived it was like a glass of water. Since you're ordering through the iPad it's hard to get the servers attention. I finally got the servers attention and told her the drink was flavorless she suggested she could put in more lime juice? My burger came it was okay. Funny thing is I didn't think it was my burger, since I thought it was coming with jalapenos  (Not going to complain again) I look at the menu more carefully and it actually said jalapeno chorizo but the way the screen was the word chorizo was not shown unless you push the button to get more information. I would've preferred fresh jalapenos.The last thing I wanted to do right now was complain again. It was good although I'm not a huge fan of chorizo on a burger.  The brussels sprouts were practically raw.  Another weird and very gross thing they do is when the food is ready they put the printed ticket on top of the food and press it right into the food, so it sticks.  I guess so it doesn't blow off? It was quite disgusting . I've never seen that done before in my life? I won't complain that with tip it was almost 50 bucks but that is the price of most  airport food I guess, even still that's quite steep. 
At least my flight was leaving on time.Nothing worse than something fried in old oil. Fried pickles were horrible. Chicken Caesar salad was just ok after they finally got me the correct salad, but the dressing really needs work. Great concept for airport grub with iPad ordering. Service was good.Good place to go for a quick meal. You enter the restaurant and sit anywhere as every spot has an iPad and a credit card swiper. You order your food/drink via the iPad, swipe your card, and wait for the food! You pay for the food prior to actually receiving it (including tip; it defaults to 18% but you can change it), and a waitress is usually around to answer questions and serve your food.
I had the rib eye burger and it was just ok as it was a bit fattier than I would have liked, but my wife's cheese steak was awesome (after eating my burger I ate half of her cheese steak...come on, I was still in vacation mode!). The fried pickles for $5 are a good value, but they came out at the same time as the meal so it was a bit of a food overload.
The next time I'm in the Philly Airport I would consider coming here again.I got all my stuff without seeing a waiter.  IPad order.  IPad browser while u wait.  Philly cheese steak was good.  Fries were thin and just alright.  Got worse longer they sat on plate.  Good selection of beer.  In and out under 20 minutes.  Tip automatically included which was weird since I didn't see a person till my beer arrived.  Yay beer.The place seems attractive with all the iPad technology to order and pay.
The food is nothing special and overpriced. 
But worse, there is no service... I mean, they put what you ordered in the IPad on the table and it's all. Not a word!
If you want to ask for ketchup or something like that, there's nobody to ask.
And as you pay in the beginning, you give tip in advance. 
No coming back for me!You order trough an I pad and the wait staff checks in with you very minimally.  Very impersonal atmosphere and poor service.  I waited over 25 minutes just for a printed receipt because it did not email to me as that was my only option.We sat at the bar and repeatedly watched the chef prepare food (specifically meats), touch his phone to text/surf, and go back to the food. He did not wear gloves 99% of the time, even while preparing meat. He had dirty rags placed on the food cutting board that had just had steak on it. We also watched him take out four pieces of steak from a woman's steak salad and then disappear. Unfortunately, the food was actually good. Thankfully, we had the salad and sweat potato fries. The only reason this is getting two is because it was tasty, not for the hygienic practices!You pay more for the ambience and the iPads here than the food. Although the steak was cooked perfectly, for $30 and at an airport, it needed to be much more flavorful and was only seasoned w salt and pepper (maybe a marinade is in order?). You can get away with that when the steak is really high quality, and although the meat was not tough it did lack flavor. Also, the chef forgot to send it out w the accompaniments of herb butter and steak sauce which didn't help. The salad was wilted although the dressing was delicious. The duck fat fries were aight. The sauted spinach also lacked flavor. The beer selection is pretty great, but what is beer without a delicious meal? Overall, come here if you want yummy beer and/or internet use (didn't see a free Philly airport wifi network), but don't expect the food to be delicious.Sent three cocktails back in a row because they had weird stuff floating around in them. $13 cocktails! You are paying for the new iPads they have at each seat, not good food or waitstaff. Calling it "local" is an insult to Philadelphia.At first it was cool that they had iPads at each seat. That's where the cool factor pretty much ends. Would be nice if the iPad menu would open up so I could've gotten some breakfast before my next flight. At least they were able to get me a beer. I'll try again next time if I pass this way again.This place seriously just sucks.  The dipshit tablet system is just not user friendly.  Face it the ones at Red Robin work just fine and are easy to use.  It took me 20 minutes just to get a glass of wine delivered to my table.
Was going to order food but it was just so aggregating that I drank my wine and went elsewhere to purchase food.  Really -  just hire a few competent waitstaff and throw the tablet system out.This place is unique - I like the iPad menu but I don't like being forced to order through it - I had to hope my server came by so I could ask for no egg. 
I ALSO really don't like that you are asked to tip BEFORE you even know who is serving you. My waitress was fine, but I like tipping based on quality of service. I recommend tipping cash at the end if you can.
Food - decent. Brussel sprouts were okay but were a little undercooked and too lightly seasoned. The Cobb salad was pretty good - it was probably the saving grace for this place and why I left 3 stars. Fresh greens, tomatoes and avocado. The green goddess dressing was also great.
Service - SOOOO SLOW!!! They even had a sign that claimed 15 minute service - I waited at least 30...
NOTE: Credit card only!I know it's airport food, but I've had better. The iPad-like ordering system is pretty cool, and then I received what I ordered. The Bloody Mary had one olive stuck through a red cocktail straw and thus the blue cheese stuffing fell out. The shrimp and grits hardly resembled the picture. The shrimp was crammed underneath the egg and poorly displayed. Since the cheese grits weren't very appealing, I requested for some toast which I guess I needed to specify that usually includes butter. They never cleared my dishes after sitting for approximately 15+ minutes and decided to clear myself out of the restrauant instead. Looks great walking in, they need to work on living up to their potential.Good food for an airport bar - plus the drink list is pretty cool! In addition they are open 30 mins past most of the bars!!!Breakfast was excellent. iPad menu ordering was different. I can see this working for a place that has regulars. It also removed the personal touch, which in some restaurants may be a plus. Like the email receipt as getting a tab closed often takes the most time. 
Will be back.So, I really wanted to go to Legal Seafood. However, I didn't want or have time to walk that far from the F terminal. Instead I settled for the Local Tavern because 1) it was by my gate and 2) it had booze. I ordered a glass of Pinot Grigio, a house salad with white balsamic dressing, and the shrimp and grits. It's one of those airport deals where you order on an iPad and swipe a credit card, which means minimal human interaction. After three flights in one day, that was totally fine with me. 
The wine came promptly. It was $9 but a large glass and pretty decent. The entree and salad came out at the same time. The shrimp were cooked well, the grits were creamy and delicious, and the sauce was savory with just a touch of spicy. Yum! 
The salad, unfortunately, was a train wreck. About half of it was wilted and slimy, and most of that was on top, in full view when it arrived. Not like they just missed a few bad leaves of lettuce. Like they didn't even look before serving it. I picked out the good bits and ate the grape tomatoes on top. Unfortunate because the salad was also $9 but unlike the wine, there's no way I could have finished it. Ick. 
In summary, go here for booze and comfort food. Don't try to be healthy and pretend you're going to eat that salad, because you won't.In a hurry?  Want a latte?  This is NOT the place to stop.  After ordering my drink on an iPad, I watched as the cashier rang out the next five customers for coffee and other breakfast foods.  Her sense of urgency and passion for her job were lacking.  Finally I said something and she mumbled back.  $9 for a latte and water?  Never again, Local.  I'll stick to DD.Before taking a flight I decided to have breakfast,  however, I didn't want the "typical" fast food breakfast.   I decided to try Local Tavern in the Philly airport. The decor is modern and inviting.  Every chair at each table has an ipad so you ate able to place your order, there is also a card reader there to charge your meal... what i didn't like was that the only way you could pay with cash was to order at the counter.. I also didnt really care for the fact that you pay before you receive your food, but the food was great! Breakfast was a bit expensive, I wasn't real hungry so I ordered a side of sausage and toast... I expected 2 small sausage links or patties and a slice of toast.  I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the 3 sausage links I received and 2 slices of toast. The sausage was excellent and so was the toast! I will definitely be visiting Local again, maybe for lunch...As everybody seems to have noticed, there are iPads here. And they're cool. You can order quickly; you can see pretty pictures of all the food; you can choose dressing on the side or no cheese (but seriously why would anybody ever do that?)
But what's funny is that the iPads actually made it easier to talk to the staff. Jakayla was awesome--friendly, helpful, and really funny! 
My only qualm was that there wasn't a lot of food in my food. It could be my fault for ordering salad (the chopped, a mix of greens, seeds and delicious cheese, $11) but it was plentiful in the seed and cheese components. 
Overall? Local is a great stop for the lone (wolf) traveler stopping through philly.Skip it. You'll be happier if you go to one of the umpteen fast food places in the terminal. Ordering from an iPad isn't as great as it sounds and expecting a 15 to 25% tip without talking to me is not cool. The drink list is good but pricey. The food is mediocre and expensive for what it is. 
I wonder if I should click the "need assistance"button to share this with the ipad assistant.I have been here twice, and it has been great each time!
Very interesting concept with all the ordering done on an iPad.
Runners are very friendly and nice.
Pretzel cheesesteak is good.
Beers are a great value for the size. Lots of local craft offerings.
I come to this airport a couple times a year on business, I would go out of my way to eat here if I was flying out of a different terminal.Maybe I just got lucky, or maybe things have changed, but I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here. After interacting with and being surrounded by people all morning, I sat down and ordered exactly what I wanted when I was ready to order, with no pestering from servers or waiting for them to come back around. Next to me I had to listen to people complain about the iPads, but did they leave? No- instead they spent A LOT of time complaining to the server about the ordering system that they CHOSE to use (maybe that is what happened to the people who couldn't get the servers attention). As for the tipping? It is incredibly easy to switch the amount, and you can leave them cash if you want so why all the fuss?
I ordered a couple appetizers and a beer- all of it was good and none of it was over priced (for an airport). The servers were helpful, yet unobtrusive. The atmosphere was relaxing. I don't know, it certainly beats a pre made sandwich and overpriced water. Thanks Local!Total disappointment! This review is specifically for the Philadelphia location.
I have just been reminded to always check yelp no matter how busy or cool a place looks. I ordered a margarita upgraded to a better tequila, all the choices right on the screen it was so cool. The iPad suggested I make it double for three dollars I did, I then ordered a burger changed my fries to a salad and added a side order of roasted brussels sprouts it sounded wonderful. 
My drink arrived it was like a glass of water. Since you're ordering through the iPad it's hard to get the servers attention. I finally got the servers attention and told her the drink was flavorless she suggested she could put in more lime juice? My burger came it was okay. Funny thing is I didn't think it was my burger, since I thought it was coming with jalapenos  (Not going to complain again) I look at the menu more carefully and it actually said jalapeno chorizo but the way the screen was the word chorizo was not shown unless you push the button to get more information. I would've preferred fresh jalapenos.The last thing I wanted to do right now was complain again. It was good although I'm not a huge fan of chorizo on a burger.  The brussels sprouts were practically raw.  Another weird and very gross thing they do is when the food is ready they put the printed ticket on top of the food and press it right into the food, so it sticks.  I guess so it doesn't blow off? It was quite disgusting . I've never seen that done before in my life?
At least my flight was leaving on time.Kind of weird   interaction with staff via an IPad.  Using the IPad was fine, but difficult to change your order or adjust it.
Burger was OK, but a little on the overcooked side.
Liked being able to pay and go on my time from the table.  What I didn't like was the "suggested" gratuity of 18% simply for the pleasure of having someone drop my food off at the table.  The experience was more like ordering a sandwich at a sub shop than a restaurant.  Call me a bit old fashioned, but simply dropping off my plate of food at the table doesn't really count as "tippable" service.  I tipped, but not the 18% they suggested.
Big plus was the power outlets on the table for charging up.found this place while waiting for my connection flight. Despite the fact that the place was busy, I was able to find a table for 2. I love the casual ambiance, the combination between modern technology and light touches of simplicity. 
As you take a seat, you will find an IPad right in front of you. You can order your food and drinks from here. I ordered the wings and a blue moon beer and really enjoyed them. My friend also enjoyed her Mac and Cheese and a glass of wine. We enjoyed a great conversation while charging our phones from our table and even paid without having to get up once! 
Yes, the prices are a bit high. Why only 4 stars? Because there are no employees checking in on customers. The only time we saw them was when they were delivering plates to other guests.About to die from thirst,  the forever disappearing ladies in black have yet to deliver my Fiji water  (2.50) plus tax Never trust a place with gratuity added to the check for basic plate delivery.  I saw one of the ladies in black ask several patrons if everything was okay and when I stopped her ( yes, because I was not selected to be asked the courtesy question of if everything was okay ) to ask for my water she stated she would find my server?  Unbelievable.   Ten minutes later still no lady in black and no water.  $20.00 dollar single person tab for some oatmeal and two pieces of bacon and weak signal Ipads which keeps timing out. And finally she brings Evian.  Brotherly luv NOT.  I do like the place for the seclusion but next time I'll cop a squat sans ordering and ignore the black clad ladies like they've ignored me.As one of the few restaurants in the f terminal of phi airport, I didn't feel like take the shuttle back for more variety. So with limited options an 3 hours of layover I decided to try out Local. It's community seating so you seat yourself and there are really no servers. What?!?! Well they have someone come around if needed for assistance but your entire ordering experience is done on the iPads they have at each seat. This is both good and bad in the sense of yes you get to order and see what you want but you have to continually keep using the iPad if later on during the meal you want another drink or the like. 
Now on to the food: I don't expect the best wen I go to anything that's in an airport ( I even know mcdonalds to be lower standard in an airport) but nonetheless whenever I try a new place and they have steak, I have to try. So I ordered the steak and fries ( medium rare) and a hanks root beer. Steak and root beer are alway my go to's and I was pleasantly surprised with half the combo this time. The root beer was great but the steak left something to be desired. Encircled in fat, cooked to right temp but no flavoring. Since you can see the chefs working right there my steak reflected their enthusiasm, which was nil. All in all I might try it again on my return trip but get something way cheaper and get the same result. At least the root beer is good.I "get" what they are trying to do with the iPad system, but it doesn't work.  Perhaps they could have an "iPad service area" and one where interacting with human beings is tolerated.  I wanted to order a Bombay Sapphire dirty martini.  I could find martinis, but it didn't offer Bombay.  I could Bombay but couldn't choose martini -- plus anything special, such as dirty, can't be communicated.  
A server assisted me, but when I wanted my drink before ordering, that meant paying twice.  Fortunately, the server got  my drink going before checking out.  The big kicker, which has been cited here, is that you MUST TIP before you place your order. What?!
The martini was well made.  I ordered the sauteed brussel sprouts, yum.  It's too bad they are trying to do something that just doesn't fit in a sit -down environment.2nd time  still not a charm.. It is such a pain in the A## to buy a beer here.All orders and payment are all done on IPads with ERO personal interaction. Once you finally do and you decide you want another you have to start all over again. This means multiple receipts...Another pain in the A##! Multiple receipts are a hassle for business travelers, which I suspect is better than 50% of the sparse clientele.
The open kitchen is made up of pretty much obnoxious staff talking way to loud about stuff I couldn't care less about..How about this: Shut up!!!!Interesting concept. You order/pay for your own food on the iPad at the table, servers then bring it out to you. Had their burger and cheese steak. Both very underwhelming. Ordered the burger medium, came out well done. Cheese steak was dry as well.  Got an order of regular fries and "duck fat" fries, they were the same. Service was super slow as well even though The restaurant was fairly empty.Love this place! Staff was friendly. Food was delicious. Way better than your average airport food. After a long flight, this was a welcome addition to my layover. Food is prepared fresh, onsite, unlike many airport food stops. Pork sandwich was on point. You can tell they make everything FRESH to order. Will definitely stop here again.There seems to be a great beer selection however after ordering my meal I planned to order a mixed drink.  That was u til a bartender started making something at the service well and tons of fruit flies flew up.  Needless to say, I did not order the drink. This place could use a good cleaning. If fruit flies are in the front I would hate to see what's in the back..Great staff and a nice selection of eats and drinks. Although i thought the IPAD ordering thing was a bit too impersonal, the speed of help and service and the incredible personal  attention more than fixed that initial IPAD interface experience.  Great if you are stuck and need a friendly place to hang, eat, and drink in transit. Although all the tables have outlets and USB charging ports the USBs weren't working.I'd give it zero stars if possible. Very poor service. Asked where my food was and server gave me a ridiculous amount of attitude saying my food took longer to cook than others. Even people who had sat down 15mins after me got there food before me. Server then shouted across the bar to the grill cook where it was, who admitted he forgot. Only go here if you want attitude...Beautiful place in a pretty nice new terminal.  Didn't try the food but beer selection was great.  Had top shelf liquors too.  Would have got a 4 star but they were out of my first two choices.Each time I have come here I have found:
Dirty, grease-smeared tables
Dirty ordering tablets
overpriced, even for an airport.
mediocre food
mediocre portions
I have taken  them off the list of food options at Philly.I'm keeping my rating. Many craft beers are $11.. once you order they offer to deselect the 25oz order and the price drops to $7.50 for this Abbey ale I'm drinking. They do by default add the tip, don't remember how much. I find that BS. How can I tip BEFORE having any interaction with said service?? I'll leave a cash tip as appropriate but don't try to gouge me. 
Anyway. They have a monopoly in terminal F, there's no other bar. Given more time I'd go to another terminal. Also, the AC is uncomfortably blowing. It's March for fucks sake.Although we had informed her that we had a flight to catch, the lady at the register declined to take our order indicating it would be faster if we used the iPad. Oddly enough, the desired panini was not among the iPad menu items (but was available on the print menu) so she ended up ringing us up at the register. After five minutes, she gets our attention- they are out of French fries - would we like chips or salad as a side? Some more time passes...and even more time. Our paninis are finally ready. She bags our food and states they are out of napkins. She apologizes indicating the venue hasn't been in business long. We sprint off & manage to catch our flight a minute before the door closes. On the plane, we discover our paninis are actually chicken cheesesteak subs. Huh? 
To sum it up: customer service- 1 (it wouldn't have killed her to have taken our order from the get-go); food - 3 (although our order was wrong, the sandwich & salad were flavorful). 
Suggestion to the owners: put signs indicating customers should place orders on the iPad - this would eliminate an awkward situation for both the cashier & customer.Took 30 minutes to get food and then another 10 for my drink that costs 3.75 for a Diet Coke. You tip ahead of time so they have no reason to provide good service. I've eaten here a lot, but this is my last timeFlashy iPads and a beautiful establishment... but truly sub-par food. The "fresh fruit" was still partially frozen (and tasted like syrup), the potatoes were rubbery and the hollandaise sauce was watery. It looked like they dumped a bunch of Sysco containers on to a plate. 
A shame - this place had a lot of potential, squandered by corporate cost-cutting...This place is unique - I like the iPad menu but I don't like being forced to order through it - I had to hope my server came by so I could ask for no egg. 
I really don't like that you are asked to tip BEFORE you even know who is serving you. My waitress was fine, but I like tipping based on quality of service. I recommend tipping cash at the end if you can.
Service - SOOOO SLOW!!! They even had a sign that claimed 15 minute service - I waited at least 30...
Food - Brussel sprouts were okay but were a little undercooked and too lightly seasoned. The Cobb salad was pretty good - it was probably the saving grace for this place and why I left 3 stars. Fresh greens, tomatoes and avocado. The green goddess dressing was also great.
NOTE: 
Credit card only! 
Don't come here if you need something quick - you'll miss your flight.Had the wings, not seasoned at all. Just some orange sauce and lots of pepper. Very underwhelming. The folks next to me had the Calamari and cheese fries which they only 20% of their food.  The upside is that they have lots of charger ports. Other than that, my next time I have a layover in PHL Airport I will try somewhere else.Seriously this was the best airport restaurant I have ever came across. And I've been to many airports traveling from NY to CA, Nola, Mexico, Puerto Rico, Hawaii, Florida, Arkansas, Canada  (lol you get my point) 
It looked the busiest as we were passing along to find lunch before our next flight. The layout was very trendy and up to date. You seat yourself and order on the iPad. If you're paying with cash then you have to order from the registers counter's iPad. The iPad will take your order & credit card payment but the servers they do the rest. 
The menu has detailed ingredient of your food. Which is great. 
It's very pricey!!! (Ex: Devil eggs, two eggs cut in half was $7!) by the way was mediocre do not order it.
We started with the eggs (not good) and the Brussel sprouts, which was actually very good! 
We ordered the salmon dinner with grits and I kid you not it was amazing! Salmon was cooked perfectly, soft and not dry. 
Our pasta entree was pretty delicious too. I was happy. If we ever have a layover in Philly again at terminal F, I would definitely dine there again.OMG how can you people possibly have given this 2.5 stars?  Let me guess, Sbarro Pizza in Philly's airport has better stars (will check this after review is complete).  This place is incredible, from the atmosphere to the food selection to the service to the prices to the iPad ordering system to the flat screens to the concept.  OK I"m done with the accolades, I'm just unclear on why Yelpers give this place "mediocre" ranking.  Ridiculous and makes me question either A.  Other Yelpers criteria or B. My criteria.  Since I like my criteria, I win.  I had a stellar experience and since so much of The Local is unquestionably cool atmosphere (unlike 99% of airport restaurants) and fantastic food with reasonable pricing, I've come to the conclusion that malcontents outnumber happy people on Yelp.
Food: Sauteed spinach plate (served on a hot cast iron plate with a wood charger, 6 bucks.  Perfectly sauted, with fresh garlic and mildly salted, I gave it a 10; deviled eggs served with fresh chives and smoky paprika, as fresh a deviled egg (AKA cholesterol pills, according to my R.N. aunt) as I've had the pleasure of ingesting, again 6 bucks for 4 halves, I gave it another 10; and the coup de grce, a Philly Cheesesteak with Provolone and mushrooms (12 bucks), which was amazing (could not finish even 1/2 of the sandwich, pitiful me).  I give it a 9.5.  And again, served on a hot cast iron dish with a solid wood charger to allow handling it on the placemat.
Wine: William Hill Chardonnay Napa Valley for 9 bucks.  'Nuff said.
If The Local needs an investor to expand, please call me!
Almost forgot: 60 beers on tap (that's right, 60).  I don't care about others' experiences, this place is so far off the charts of quality airport restaurants that I'm truly flummoxed by the star rating (Philly Airport is a different story...). 
PS Need a charging station for your phone or computer?  Every single bar seat has individual stations (doubles at that).  Winner winner, Local is it.Service was very fast. Coffee was painfully bad and fruit served was quite spoiled (borderline rotten). You prepay at your table and what you get in response to pointing out the shortfalls in the food is met with a flat stare. $52 for breakfast for two was simply outrageous given it would be illegal to give the better part of the meal to farm animals.Worst experience.. Coffee was cold..  Waitress made a face and got offended when i asked for fresh coffee..  Made me Wait 35 min for a sandwich...  Had to leave as I had a connecting flight...  my $22 went down the drain.. Barely managed to reach connecting flight on time.. Could have missed the flight because of these stupid inexperienced insensitive goofers..  Still empty stomach..  Will eat something from inflight menu..While at @PHLAirport Terminal F Food court. Better bring your own breakfast cuz staff is very unfriendly early in the AM. Especially at Local Tavern and @AuBonPainJohn Mack and Ashley R went over and above to make sure my needs were attended to.  Great to have service in today's fast paced, poor service world. Please recognize them Local Tavern management. They are the reason I will be back here.Personally I had a great experience here for breakfast.  iPad ordering was cool, food (eggs benedict) was quite good & was served quickly.  Also the the service was great contrary to what I've seen in other reviews - the staff were friendly, attentive and helpful.  The atmosphere was great; oasis like feeling and the music was very nice, contemporary soulful R&B, and the audio quality was awesome, which is rare in this type of lounge.  I will go there again, but will be torn, as there is also a Chipotle in the food court ;-).So-so service. I asked for a carry out and they just served me my drink like I'm dining in so I asked if they could pack it. They asked if it has alcohol and I said no and they just gave me a plastic coffee cup. The servers aren't too friendly either. The food was good. I got the Philly cheesesteak and fries but the drink was meh. It tasted like diluted sparkling fruit juiceFood is fine if expensive.  The schtick here is that everyone must order on an iPad (provided) and swipe their own credit card.  (And still top a suggested 18 percent).  In addition to making the concept of a restaurant insanely and pointlessly complicated, they upcharge almost everything on the menu, befitting the airport locale.  For example, if you want a hamburger -- for $14 -- you will be charged an addition $1 for ... a slice of onion.  Seriously, a $1 upcharge for onion with your burger.  Lettuce and tomato are included in the $14 base price, though cheese is not. Water is $4.50, a tablespoon of "Italian peppers" is $1, and so it goes. The burger itself was good. not $18 good after cheese, onion and Italian peppers, but fine for maybe $8 or $10.  Just don't ask for a napkin or a window seat.The food is "meh", and everything is "airport" overpriced, but the service is vastly superior to its neighbors.  This is the place to go for a drink and a meal in Terminal F. 
Looking at these Ipad ordering/payment stations at each chair makes one think of convenience and speedy service... Local Tavern's system is a bit unclear... but it works; your credit card is used to "open a tab" when you place your food order; when done eating, you "close the tab" to make final payment and adjust the tip.   Thus, Local Tavern's staff retains the incentive to provide you with good service.  
This is in stark contrast with other Ipad restaurants in the airport that seek payment and tip up-front - a very bad idea!  Based upon our limited experience, the tip incentive makes a very big difference in the service culture.The ipad ordering system is pretty flashy, but the service and food quality is "meh" at best. My breakfast sandwich was a whole lotta bun, but the home fries were very good. It took forever to get my coffee too. I was here for breakfast, but the beer selection looked very good.Local is a pretty average place for airport eats. In the F gates, it's one if only 2 sit down places, and it has a larger menu than the other place. Like all newfangled airport places, you place your order on an IPad and someone brings it to you eventually. Kind of like an overpriced Panera. 
Despite the exciting menu descriptions (heirloom potatoes, gin bacon, etc) it's airport food so don't get your hopes up high. I had a veggie burger - it had discernable and identifiable veggie chunks and little to no flavor. It was edible and at $11 not terribly priced. 
Alcohol, on the other hand? Well, I don't know who pays $14 for a glass of grocery store wine, but it ain't me.Nice selection of beer. The iPad concept was cool but confusing at first. Food was just average. If you're looking for a place to drink, this place isn't bad. Otherwise, go eat in the food court across the terminal.Had a very long delay and spent all day at the airport. The staff here was so friendly and outgoing. The brusselsprouts were the best I ever had. Thanks to Ray and his staff for he hospitality and great service.I hate gimmicky joints that make you do all the work and then don't deliver. This is the worst. iPads at every station, tons of ads, choose your own menu, do this and that, then there's an error when swiping your credit card and the whole order falls apart. Not just me, but the woman I was sitting next to at the same experience. I left and went two doors down to revive, where Heather the bartender took care of me like a normal, real human.While the service was nice the food tasted good yet their ingredients lacks reasonable credibility!
Who in their decent mind offers a turkey burger and delivers a turkey meatloaf with unlisted ingredients!!!
Post your ingredients!!!
People need to know what they eat!!!!!!!Skip it!! Disappointing on all levels.  Looks cool with IPads, but very user and service unfriendly. If at Philly airport terminal F, keep walking!Easily order your food and drinks on a tablet. Food came out fast and was delicious- I had a Philly Cheesesteak and it lived up to my expectation. The waitress still checked on me despite the initial order being taken on the tablet. I was pleasantly surprised- don't let the low stars from others drive you away!This bar is in a great, central location in Terminal F. I stopped for dinner with 40 min before boarding was set to start. I ordered a burger and a beer. I had no trouble with the tablet taking the order. The prices were shockingly high though - when a restaurant runs with fewer staff (because the orders all happen through a tablet), you'd think the prices would be similar or lower to other restaurants in the airport. This was noticeably higher. The beer arrived quickly, but the food took 30 min to arrive. When I inquired about the status, the waitress was short with me - not quite rude but borderline. She said they were really busy and it would be a 30 min wait, and that they were really busy.  I looked around and half of the chairs were empty. I've never waited 30 min for food in an airport, everyone always has a plane to catch. The tablets ran ads for gambling games non-stop and were very distracting. The food eventually arrived but I had to rush through it. The food was ok. In summary, I would never consider returning.What with all the haters? Trendy place, plenty of beer, plenty of plugs for chargers, nice ambience and food. Come take a sit and forget that you're in airport.Look, it's in an airport and you can never expect too much. Totally automated with iPad menu, ordering, entertainment, and pay. I opened an eTab placed my order and Jennifer brought it out. Beer was cold and the food wasn't bad. Way too expensive but that happens at airports. Food was quicker than expected, beer was cold, and Jennifer was great. Not a bad option when traveling.Good bar atmosphere and plenty of bar space as sometimes the good bars at the airport don't have much space. Had the cheesesteak and although it's not Pats it's still pretty good. But I upgraded to the sweet potato fries and they are superb. Definitely top sweet potato fries I've had. Would recommend!!iPads are kinda cool (and sticky) and food is just ok. It a fun experience though, so I guess it's worth it. Aside from ordering on a iPad its a pretty regular airport restaurant, nothing to write home about.I'm at PHL a couple of times per month flying from F terminal.   Been here a bunch of times given limited options.   The tablet ordering is not a big deal,  once you get used to it.   My gripe is the ridiculous prices and overall food quality which has been dropping since the place opened.   Just had a short rib sandwich with dry meat and a way old (stale) roll.  
I don't expect perfection from an airport but for $50 I left my last visit feeling totally ripped off.   Go to Tony Luke's for a steak,  then go to Revive for a drink.Last night my wife and I were traveling through the Philly Airport. We stopped here for our first experience. As a patron and business owner I am frustrated with the place. 
First off, walk in and IPad's are your interaction and all ordering comes from them. Not very personal and I am a techy but did not dig the whole experience. A very nice waitress or manager Asia (not sure, she was working tables but was really hustling and seemed to be the person running the show) immediately greeted us and took us through how it works. 
The Good: 
1. Had a cheese steak. Was actually very good for airport food and it probably was the best one I have had in an airport as long as I could remember. 
2. Asia was excellent, very helpful and you could see a great customer service person. Constantly greeting people, being very attentive. 
The Bad:
1. Ipad system acted up ordering but that is to be expected.
2. The bartenders - I recommend Mr. White and Mr. Garcia learn that being a bartender (regardless of if a person is putting in an order online) means you have some personality. Instead the whole time we sat eating and drinking we had to listen to them talk about being union and getting breaks. Hard to believe, if I heard right, that it was Garcia's first day and he was complaining about not getting a break in a timely manner and that it was not cool which broke out into discussions of how he should contact his union rep. Absolute joke and that was all we heard about for 45 min. 
When you order online and have "union" mentality people behind the bar, and tips are automatically added to your bill, this is what you get. Poor customer service. On the other side, Asia I am sure was splitting tips but working her tail off. Not fair. 
Will probably not go back due to that part of my experience.I've given this place a shot twice now, and both times I was hesitant about going to the chipotle that is across from local. Both times I wish I would have just gone there instead. If you're unfortunate enough to be on the F side of the terminal with more limited options for food, I'd avoid this place. Be ready for a very impersonal experience by not interacting with staff at all. Everything is done through tablets. Which, you would think could be a good thing after flying on a plane being next to people for so long. In theory it's great, but when you have to wait forever for drinks, water or silverware due to the fraction of the staff they employ since it's less overhead on their end, it's frustrating. And the prices are outrageous! $20 for a burger, even for airport standards, is a bit over the top. The only good thing about this place was it has charge ports for your phone at every spot...