Awesome happy hour and food specials. A bit out of the way for us, but we stop by occasionally because everything is so cheap but high quality during happy hour.Certainly one of the highlights of my time in West Philly was the opening of Local 44. It has served as a great locale to grab a high quality beer from all the US (Great Lakes, Ommegang, Sierra Nevada) and eat some decent pub grub. Its a great place to go on a Saturday night to meet up with friends and start a night there.
We have been coming here after our softball games and have found it to be a great locale to hang out with the team. It doesn't have quite the right seating set-up for out team, but we make it work.My roommate and I were visiting a friend in Philly and super excited that there were vegan options here. We called ahead of time because my roommate has a severe nut allergy that requires 0 cross contamination and complete confidence from the kitchen that her food will be safe. We asked the staff member about this and clearly stated these things and they assured us this would be a safe place for her to eat. When we arrived, our server communicated the exact opposite and said she couldn't make any promises that food would be safe for her. I got up to let her know that we wouldn't be able to stay seated and dine then and instead of listening, she backed up defensively and waved us away. I am incredibly frustrated that we were given inconsistent answers and treated disrespectfully when we tried to explain why we were leaving.Local bar with dedicated staff and affordable prices. Be sure to go during happy hour for the cheaper apps and even cheaper beer. This place has amazing bar food for those of us who are vegetarian/vegan. Wildcard: they serve ramen that is off the charts. Make a point to stop by while in W PhillyI've loved this bar since it opened, we live a block away and it's always been nice to have a great late night stop nearby.  Last night we stopped by at 11:30pm to grab a quick bite.  I ordered their pumpkin mac & cheese, which I've had before and loved.  When it came, though, it was dry... not more than noodles with chunks of pumpkin.. no cheese in the mac & cheese.  When I pointed that out to our waitress, she first lectured me for using the word "cheese" since the meal was vegan and the "cheese" is really a non-dairy sauce.  Then she offered to take it back and have the chef "pour some more stuff on it?"  We had ordered other food, so I said no and we ate our other dishes.
When she came back to our table, she asked if she could wrap up the pumpkin mac & cheese.  I said, no, I just wanted it taken off the bill since I didn't eat it.  She dropped the plate back on the table and told me nothing was wrong with the food so there was no way she could take it off the bill & she could either go get sauce or I could take it home.  I was really shocked.  We come to this bar all the time & I've never been treated with such contempt.
The situation escalated, I paid for the whole meal, including the infamous mac & cheese, tipped her well and we left.  But I will never go back.  As much as I like the food, I just don't need to pay to be treated like that. It's too bad that Local just lost a local.Everytime i walk in this building i rub the palms of my hands on my jeans and link my teeth together... 
The faces on the people frequenting here are mostly recognizable from the neighborhood... unfortunately though i'd rather them be strangers. 
Strangers only last as long as you want them to last, neighborhood people...fuck, they last forever. 
The beer menu here is suppose to be the beef ' in the stew, but.... its eh'.... it always seems to be eh'. 
Most of the weekends here touch on intolerable. 
Most of the food here touches hot oil... 
The ceiling though is beautiful... under the paint, it is my envy .I'm generally not a big fan of West Philly but I find this place perfectly acceptable. Lots of good beers! Kind of a small menu. Portions are huge! I had a fish sandwich that came with fries and I got two complete meals out of it and still had some leftover.I would give it 5 stars, but when I was there the bartender (who was very very very nice and attentive) smelled so horribly I could almost not function. I get it, I really do... deodorant is full of chemicals etc. I would URGE him to try the primal pit paste. It is all natural and organic. There is also a crystal salt stick deodorant thing.  
The Happy Hour prices were great and we had the brussels sprouts (delicious), pickled eggs (very good) and beets (love them).Brunch is great. They serve beer-mosas. As in mimosas, but with beer instead of champagne. They honestly get 4 stars just for that.
I've been here otherwise for dinner, drinks... great beer list. It's often crowded, but we didn't have a problem getting a seat for brunch.The best wings ever!!! And delicious dark beer. Walking into this quiet bar, I would have never thought the food and beers would be so high quality. Im generally quite cheap, but had to tip 30%. Loved itAwesome diverse menu! Gnocchi, burgers and ramen?? Amazing. Gastropub/sports bar vibe with plentiful seating in the back!I stopped into Local 44 with my wife on a cold Saturday afternoon recently and thoroughly enjoyed my visit. We found street parking right near the front door and ran to the entrance to seek refuge from the cold. 
There were a few groups of people hanging out inside, but it was not crowded by any means (I hear that it gets crowded as the evening wears on). We got seats at the end of the bar and the first thing that caught my attention was the fantastic draft beer selection. I got something from the Philadelphia Brewing Company (Row House Red, maybe?) and my wife got a Hop Devil. 
I could have stayed and tried all of the beers on tap, but we had to drive back to Lafayette Hill. We split a plate of good, hand-cut fries. It really reminded me of hanging out at Flat Rock (my favorite bar). The beer and food were very good and inexpensive.
If I lived in U City, I would visit this place all the time. I highly recommend stopping by and checking it out.Great brunch, Cas makes an amazing bloody Mary. His High West double rye Manhattan is second to none. The broccolini was delicious as well as the bacon egg and cheese sandwich. We will be back.I really do love this place; super versatile for a bar. You can come here to watch the game, take part in some Quizzo, get your bunch on, bask in readily available vegan fare, and of course have your pick of numerous microbrew and specialty beers on tap. 
I'd like to back track for a moment to the "get your brunch on" trait. 
Have you ever had golden crispy brown french toast sticks made of FRESH PEANUT BUTTER AND STRAWBERRY JELLY SANDWICHES served with a banana and chocolate sauce on top? Then you have not lived, my friend. Beermosas? YES, PLEASE. This is a great place for brunch in West Philly if you don't mind spending a little extra for quality. And if you have a seat, be sure to sign the petition for the immense bottle beer store they're trying to open up next door. 
Quizzo is also not-to-be-missed. Make sure you get there early on Sunday night (starts at 9pm) to guarantee yourself a table. I have to admit, I've got an eensy weensy crush on the host; what did me in may have been his Halloween 2k10 attire... a pregnant cavewoman. Su-preme.
Their Vegan Ruben is also DELISH. However, I'm not sure why they make vegan swiss cheese an "add-on" for a buck instead of including it for free?? Isn't that what rubens *are*?
Whatever, I love them anyway.My local neighborhood go-to bar for any occasion. They have rotating draft list and a yummy bar menu. Trivia night on Sunday's are always fun if you can get a table. The staff is usually friendly and helpful in picking beers to your taste.First time at local 44. Very nice on the inside, cozy, and enough space for both drinking and dining. Me and a few friends went for happy hour and everything was super cheap! On the bottom left hand corner of the menu they have happy hour food specials that are basically prices of the regular items cut in half. I got the Vietnamese caramel chicken wings and they were really good, both spicy and sweet. I also got the hush puppies which came in a HUGE order. I had to have my two friends help me eat them. I also tried my friends Brussels sprouts and pickled eggs, both which were pretty good. The beer selection was pretty decent. Our food was also out super fast. Four stars only because the service was kind of slow. We only had one round of drinks and food came out in twenty minutes and we were there over an hour and a half. Definitely will go back to try the gnocchi and Mac and cheese!This is to be my new neighborhood bar and I couldn't be more excited about it! The beer selection is always changing and there are so many options. I don't know too much about beer, but you can pick by type rather than some random brand you see written on a board. It's incredibly helpful for those of us who know little about beer, and it's helping me to learn about the different types of beers and each of their distinctive flavors. The food is also great! I recently had the pulled pork sandwich...freakin' AWESOME.  I highly recommend this place for not only beer, but food too!Very, very pleased.  Went by myself, some friends come to visit, we had a lovely afternoon.  The waitstaff was lovely.  Everyone ordered something different and the everyone enjoyed.  Many beers were enjoyed.  The ambiance was cool, laid back, and friendly.  All said, we're going back again -or I'm going back to just sit and enjoy a fabulous beer selection.This was a great place to come for good quality beer that was a little outside of the bubble of University City. They have a nice selection on tap that's very eclectic. The bar tender was very helpful and friendly although the waitresses were a bit snippy when we tried to sit down with our drinks. We went for quizzo and it was surprisingly very crowded and loud for a Sunday night. I am interested to see what this place would be like on an average weeknight and I would like to go back to try their food.We had only ordered water and were still IDed. Food selection was ok, but minimal. Service was the highlight - fast, friendly and knowledgable. When we got our food we were both really disappointed with it. I would go back for drinks, but I won't ever order any food from them again. Very over priced for the quality.I am not a fan of this place. I went for a run in the snow and wanted to get some dinner. Not much else was open. They chucked me out for not having an id on me. Foods not worth it anyway. Won't be backAs I mentioned in my previous review, I love their brunch selection, it's great for vegans and vegetarians. 
The farmhouse omelette with kale, cheese and spices is sooo tasty! The house fries with bits of onion and red peppers perfectly complement the omelette. My other favorite is the West Philly breakfast. The tofu scrambled in pesto is really flavorful, but may need a little extra salt but I usually add a little bit sriracha, which adds some heat and saltiness making the tofu better. Love love love the mushroom scrapple, nice brown crisp on the outside and soft n spicy inside!! In addition their French toast is great  as well, which is my husband's favorite.
Apart from brunch, I have been there a couple of times for happy hour. I have tried their fried Brussels sprouts and roasted eggplant gratin. The eggplant was prepared well on a bed of bread and sauce surrounds it. The only minor complaint I have is that it was difficult to eat this dish, not bite-sized and pretty tough to cut through the thick bread with knife...however both the items were excellent, I crave those Brussels sprouts every and then. :) 
The staff is great, very attentive and friendly! Service is good but you may need to wait a bit longer at peak times.The food is okay and I didn't have to beer to judge how good it is. They have really good burgers but they can be pretty dry. But their wings are really delicious. Always a must when I'm ordering there. 
The place itself can be really dark and loud, because of how small it is. I can barely hear my date and it can be pretty annoying. 
The wait staff are quite friendly and are happy to help you.I like most of the beers that I've had. Fries were good and plentiful. Issues: the place is a bit dim for my tastes. I like the high ceilings though. The place lacks a soul from what I've experienced so far, but maybe that is me (lacking a soul).I won't be returning to Local 44. Went to order dinner to go. Chose the catfish. How could you possibly mess up catfish? By getting something that's NOT catfish! Called to ask what kind of fish they used and was told it's definitely catfish and was hung up on! Took a picture of it. You be the judge, but this neither looks nor tastes like any catfish I've ever had! Ended up throwing it away. Just disgusting :(I am new to the area, so last Monday I decided to stroll over to Local 44 after being tipped off that it was a great bar for beer snobs.  Immediately I was impressed with the beer list, which was reasonably priced considering some of the beers.  I ordered an Allagash Tripel and was in heaven, being the lover of Belgian-style tripels that I am.
Then came the true gem of the evening: the vegan seitan rueben.  This sandwich absolutely blew me away. Biting into it created a perfect explosion of flavors and textures in my mouth.  It was simply delicious, although I cannot compare it to a regular rueben since I have never had one (I'm vegetarian).
The service was good, the patrons were charming, the food blew my mind, and the beer satisfied my thirst for a high quality brew. 
Local 44 has officially become by go-to neighborhood bar.Local 44 is one of the places I miss the most and the least about living in West Philadelphia.  The beer selection is fantastic, and every bartender and server I've had is always able to make good recommendations.  I also have a giant soft spot for the Philly gastropubs (the word is here to stay) where vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores can coexist in peace.  Booze helps.
What do I not like about Local 44?  Service can be really slow, especially weekend brunch.  The groups awaiting tables look like hovering buzzards, and once seated it can take over an hour to get food.  Service isn't bad; I just get the impression that they're understaffed and prefer not to rush.  When it's not super-busy, service is fast, especially at the bar.  Also, the vegan scrapple tastes like really dense moist bread.  Is that really what meat scrapple tastes like?  (PS - Sorry about using the word "moist," but it's true.)The first time I've been here, I got an empanada and fries. The filling of the empanada was bland and mushy. The fries were tasteless and limp. It's hard to mess up fries in my opinion.
The food have always been subpar for me. 
One of the good things about this place is that their menu always updates. And their beer option is pretty decent.Very difficult to find a good burger in W. Philadelphia--swear sometimes that it's much more difficult not to be a vegan or vegetarian in my neighborhood! That being said, Local 44 has a pretty decent burger and it's very easy to find a good beer to wash it down with. Also, perhaps one of the only places I've patronized that has a palatable gluten-free beer. Props.I think everyone will always like their own neighborhood's non-gastropub-beer-bar the best, but I really do like Local 44 best in the city.
My first review still stands as pretty accurate, but I think since Local 44 got their first executive chef last summer, meals have been a lot more consistent. The menu has always been promising smart and quirky options with good variety, but the kitchen has been really delivering with their A-game. All the appetizers I've had this past year have been great, from scallion hushpuppies to the crispy brussel sprouts (!!!) to nutritional yeast popcorn to the grilled caesar salad. Had the sriracha pickled eggs this week and they were so weird and spicy and it was just amazing! Entrees have always been good, but I was really liking the cauliflower mac and cheese and the fried chicken this winter, and we've enjoyed brunch a few times this year, including beer week when I had this crazy toast with mussels on top.
I think service is still great, and am confused by reviews that charge that bartenders don't have time to recommend a beer or help you navigate the long and always-mysterious-to-me beer list. That has never been my experience, the regular folks I see working at the bar are always super casual & friendly and even when it gets busy, do stop by to make sure you are doing well and eating something you like. Dining room service can be aloof at times, but can also be friendly & warm -- that is more variable, and I have a slight preference to sit at the bar tables. I've had the same service going with my partner as two weird 20somethings as when my goofy upstate NY parents are in town and we bring them-- I think this also speaks to the lack of pretentiousness.Stopped here for lunch and really enjoyed the food. The server was attentive and friendly. The food came out quickly. Better yet, the food was really good! I can't speak about the beer since I didn't have any, but I did try the hamburger and fries and my wife had the turkey burger with a side salad. Both of us thoroughly enjoyed our food.I've never written a negative review before, but today we had what I view as astonishingly poor service. 
I came with a group of friends for 9pm Sunday quizzo. When the waitress first came over, we didn't order much- just a few beers. 
The waitress came back to our table and told us that we needed to order more food, because "that is how we make money." While we wish we were told this was what we needed to do from the beginning, we were happy to do so to support the bar- our group of 6 (scrunched into a table for 4) ordered a total of 4 appetizers and 3 beers.
While 4 appetizers and 3 beers is not a ton, I am sure we would have ordered more as the night went on. However, it didn't seem to be enough. While it wasnt a problem before we ordered, we were told after making this order that we had 6 people at a table of 4, so either 2 people had to leave or we all did. At least 3 tables in eyesight had too many people but we were targeted, presumably because we weren't spending enough- I can't imagine what other reason there could have been as we were a quiet, well-behaved table.
It's a shame their service is so poor, because the one time I ate here before the food was pretty decent. Thinking back, the last time I was here, the service was  subpar in a different way- I don't think I'll be coming back soon.I love this little hipster craft brew place. My favorite burger in Univ City and the cuban sandwich is perfection. Happy hour beer prices make this place a good after work go-to.Honestly its a tale of two restaurants. The bar itself is excellent with a knowledgeable staff and varied local and international brews. However the food and restaurant itself is the very definition of "hit or miss". Food and service can vary between delicious and attentive to stomach churning and poor. The bar is a solid 4/5 whereas the rest is a 2/5.
Ambiance: Dark and divey that has a definite "hipster" vibe. Lots of dark woods throughout, but can feel surprisingly open depending on time of day (natural light helps a lot). The bar area can seat about 20, whereas the dining room can hold about 30 or so. There is also a subtle but pervasive smell of stale beer throughout, which actually makes things better for some odd reason.
Food: You will either have a great meal or a terrible one, with hardly no in between. The broccoli rabe and brussel sprouts are delicious when done right, but can occasionally be so heavily salted you feel like you are chewing on a salt cube. The chili oil on the brussel sprouts is a nice touch, but again buyer beware. I would stay away from the seitan nuggets, they were dry and over-spiced. 
Service: Once again, the bar shines. I can walk in with a vague description of what I want, and the bartender can find the perfect beer for me. The waiters and waitresses can vary between surly and pleasant. Sometimes it seems that my mere existence is a burden to the staff (several times I have waited about 30 minutes to order my food. Just let me give you my money!) 
Drinks: Their local beer selection is quite large, but they still have several international beers (typically Belgian). What I love the most is the incredibly varied styles they serve. Typically you can find you standard IPAs or lagers, but also more exotic styles like wild ales, barrel-aged brews, or various tripels. They do have enough liquor to make a good old-fashioned, but don't expect any crazy cocktails though.It took me a while to go to Local 44, mostly because it's always so damn crowded. A few times, we've gone, poked our heads in the door, and upon being faced with a solid wall of people, didn't even bother and just left. I found that the key was going early, when my roommate and I were actually able to snag a table.
What I like about Local 44 is that it's the sort of place that University City was missing: a comfortable bar that isn't totally gross. The interior is very homey and pleasant, with dark wood ceilings and walls, solid tables, and a long bar. The food is solid: their fries have just the right amount of small crispy bits mixed in, and the oyster po'boy with remoulade was pretty delicious the one time I tried it. Also, they have an extensive and affordable beer selection--last night, nothing over $5.50. And, like the Taproom, although I'm not really a beer person, they usually have at least one thing that I like (Russian River Damnation, for instance).
On the days when there are not a crowd, Local 44 is fabulous. On the days that there is, though... yikes! I'm not a huge fan of sports, so I think I will confine this place to days when games are NOT playing... unfortunately, nowadays that's rare enough.I feel that yelp's two star blurb "Meh, I've had better" very adequately describes my feelings for this place.  I was really excited to give it a try once I found that it was Memphis Taproom related.  This place is not nearly as good though.  For one thing, it's small.  When the two skinny girls at the table next to us left, my skinny boyfriend had to get up and push in his chair in so they could leave.  The sub-optimal seating arrangement would be forgivable if the food were good, but it wasn't anything special.  I got the veggie burger, two Boca burgers with avocado and pepper jack cheese on a roll that was 1/3 larger than the burgers.  I've had better at Bennigan's.  Toppings were a dollar each. What is this, Sketch?  If you're going to charge me Sketch prices, give me Sketch quality.  Or at least Memphis Taproom quality where they make their veggie burgers.  Fries were edible, but as Henry Miller said, "Americans can eat garbage, provided you sprinkle it liberally with ketchup."  None of the other vegetarian entrees looked very appealing to me.  If they change their menu seasonally, I might give it another try on the next rotation.  Boyfriend seemed okay with the food, but he was also bothered by the size of the place.  It was a Thursday night, but the Phillie's were playing, so by the time we left the place was packed.  I'd say I'd go back for brunch, because I love the Taproom's, but I really can't take anymore disappointment....I was here with my friend Morse before a night out on the town in W Philly. Stopped by this watering hole at 18:36 or maybe 19:05. Decor was antiquated and lighting came in bursts and dots. --- my party was  not distressed. Jewel's "save your soul" played in the background. I highly recommend the location. 
-- --- .-. ... .
My name is Maurice...this is not a code...
Update: 12/17/17
Hey dudes! I'm back!!!
-- --- .-. ... .Came here for our first Quizzo experience a few weeks ago and had a pretty good time. The host was really funny & outgoing and the bar service was more than acceptable given how packed the place was.
Beer selection is obviously great, although I agree with other reviewers that it's annoying as hell to not list the prices with the tap list (especially when they seem to be pretty affordable). Come on now.
We ordered popcorn (surprisingly delicious), an eggplant parm sandwich (solid red sauce), and a cuban (a little greasy but really good overall). I wouldn't come here specifically for the food, but it's definitely above average bar food and not crazy expensive (cough, City Tap, cough). 
All in all, I definitely plan on coming back to Local 44 and would recommend it to people looking for a good beer and a bite in West Philly.I just love this place so dang much. Really, it's the staff that makes it. Because, while the food is outrageously delicious and the beer selection is one of the bests in the city, nothing tastes better than kindness.Great place! love the satan rueben sandwich! Friendly staff, great beer...all around good place to grab a drink and have a delicious meal.Philly has become like a 2nd home to me and my list of fave spots is growing exponentially.  This initially wasn't one of them. In short, the bloody marys were spiced with chili oil (not into drinking oil, are you?), and they used egg substitute to make their omeletttes. 
So when the bf wanted to brunch here for the second time, I was hesitant but agreed.  
We sat at the bar and talked it up with the bartender named B (Beatrice), ordered some beers and brunch.
B is knowledgeable on all the beers they carry which I give her props for since their beer list constantly changes week to week.  The weekend we went there, they were featuring a few beers from Boulevard Brewing Co. and, from her recommendation, I tried their Pop Up IPA.  It's a light to medium bodied IPA with fruity hop notes.  It's crisp and refreshing.  LOVE!
What made this place one of my go-to brunch spots is B's bloody mary!! Her mix is on point and what does she is top is off with a lil bit of stout. WICKED GOOD!
FOOD:
Farmhouse Omelet & Brioche French Toast topped with fresh whipped cream.
Much better this time!!  Eggs were so fluffy and I love that they use a morbier
cheese.
Nothing special and nothing bad about the French Toast. Simple and definitely satisfied our sweet tooth side.  The french toast isn't always on the menu.  
**EDIT**
Definitely recommend the Pastrami Spiced Seitan Reuben.  You won't miss the meat in this sandwich!  The Seitan does replicate the taste and texture of pastrami meat.  It's neatly rolled around sauerkraut and topped with just the right amount of thousand island dressing which made the whole thing superb.  MUST GET IT WITH SWISS!  
A couple next to us ordered the Sage Gnocci and Fried Chicken dishes.  Both looked so good that the bf had to ask them what they were.  Definitely gotta try either of those next time.
They only have 1 TV at the bar so watching Sunday Football here isn't the most ideal.
Overall solid brunch and/or boozy brunch spot.This place is always so packed.  And dark.  I like that they have interesting vegetarian options (I'm so sick of the obligatory veggie burger that's on most pub menus) but the food is just so greasy.  Even when I crave greasy pub food, this is just too much; I leave feeling sick.  
I have to admit I'm not a beer drinker, so I know their huge beer list is a draw for some people, but my husband loves a good microbrew and this place is definitely never first on his list of places to go (he'd probably give it 3 stars).
I prefer Dock Street any day.It's often loud and crowded. The service is not always the best. The food was usually good. But the beer made this place great. If you are on the west side of University City, closer to Spruce Hill, this is a great place to drop in an have a beer in the evening or catch a quick bite of something other than fast food.I was pleasantly surprised and impressed by this neighborhood spot after visiting last night for dinner! We arrived around 5 PM and snagged a high top table by the bar so we could watch the Rose Bowl, as the place quickly filled up. 
We were greeted right away by the bartender who took our drink and appetizer orders. From that point on, we saw probably every employee of the restaurant that night, which was a little odd. I think when it gets busy, there is no assigned server to the high top tables so employees kind of stop by when it looks like you need something. This didn't make for the most prompt service when we needed drinks, but the food came out quickly so I wasn't too bothered.
As always, they had a nice selection of seasonal beers that we enjoyed.
We started with the mac n cheese which was pretty lack-luster. I didn't know mac and cheese could end up so bland; if we hadn't gotten the jalapenos and bacon on top it would have been pretty flavorless. I probably would have been wiser to try another appetizer like the hush puppies that people rave about!
My dinner was great, however! This usual carnivore was in a weird mood and went with the red beet burger, which is made with red beans and beets (obviously). Funky color, great flavor and texture! The patty itself had a nice crispness to it and what looked like cabbage slaw on top was delicious!  I swapped out fries for a side salad which was refreshing though the dressing tasted heavily of vinegar. I inhaled too deeply at one point and had to quickly chug water before my coughing attracted the stares of neighboring diners.
Happy that I finally ate dinner at this neighborhood staple--would try again!Parking is a little tight because of the surrounding neighborhood, so plan ahead. Nice and quiet place with some good quality vegan/vegetarian options. We didn't drink but awesome beer choices (coming back to try that Peach Ale!) Servers aren't the most talkative (which is okay with me) but the food was amazing. Hush puppies were so crispy on the outside, and like clouds on the inside. Beat burger was amazing! Ramen was mediocre. Definitely coming back.I have a New Years resolution to try restaurants I have been wanting to try and this Pub/ Restaurant was on my list. I didn't care to go downtown and fight with summers day parade crowd to go to movies and on the way home from grocery decided to go out for lunch. Today is the 6th Anniversary and they had a special menu. So I tried an item considered "special" and not on regular menu.I decided to get the Montreal Steak, which is seitan, kale and beets in a cream sauce with fried egg on top. I opted for legless entree. It was like the meat version of chipped beef my Mom would make when I was little. It was also on top of multi grain toast. Thought it was tasty. They have craft beers for all you beer lovers,and soda (Coca Cola products) on tap as well as coffee, if you are non drinker and need sugar free like me. The staff was very nice and in a matter of 30 minutes the pub was filled with people waiting to get a seat.  The kitchen was quick. I definitely will come back to try regular menu. Good vegan/vegetarian options including roasted brussel sprouts.Great beer, excellent salads, and cool atmosphere. A little pricey, but overall I'm definitely a fan!Amazing, well-priced beer selection. Some of the best bar staff in the city and fun bar food. While deepfried and burgers are the main aprt of the menu they are more creative in bar staples. great veggie options (spinach croquettes rock and are only $4). Best fries I have had in a while. 
crowded with penn grad students now that class in back in session but in the summer it was amazing!
only wish that there was more space there and that they would change up some of the veggie menu items more often. the meat items have been changed up a bit. 
the owners are amazing and the space is so nice.I love local 44. I am a regular and have been for about two years now. The staff is phenominal - especially Nate and Cas. I hands-down think Nate is the best bartender in the city. A nice guy, super fast service, knows his beer. 
My review would get 5 stars but I've been not super impressed with the new menu. They seem to have pulled off most of the things I loved - fried mushrooms, mini-corn dogs (playoffs are the perfect time for a return, L&B), etc. Some new additions are great - love the beet salad and the vegan reuben (with addition of non-vegan swiss cheese) was bangin! I was extremely disappointed with the 'cheesy mac'. It was so bland. the salad that came with it was so much better. Haven't tried the vegan spicy mac but I bet it will at least taste like something. Had brunch here too. A great addition! had an awesome omelet and hope to try the beet hash and the migas sometime soon. the brunch menu would be perfect with the addition of some pancakes to go with my beer-mosa (thanks Cas for talking me into it!)
as for the beer....there is always an awesome selection of good stuff with tons of different styles. you can never go wrong.
Atmosphere is nice when the Penn grad students trying to order blue moons and heinekins stay home. always someone good to talk to! can't wait until the summer lull again!Great draft beer list, and an interesting veggie- friendly pub menu. I had the squash panzanella and my husband had the cubano sandwich. Although we did not order them, the brussels sprouts smelled amazing.  Overall, a good place to go for beer/food near Penn campus. Would return.Great food, great beer selection. It is a little hipstery and only has one bathroom.
Overall a great place to get a drink and a good sandwichGreat beer selection, though food menu is a bit limited. Bar is small, but cozy. Have come here a few times for quizzo and had a blast!There are many beer bars in Philly--which is a good thing, but there isn't one that I like any better than Local 44.  Part of the reason for this is that it's in West Philly, a part of the city that doesn't get a lot of love from businesses outside of Penn Campus.  The bigger part of it is that the Beer list is always great, interesting, inexpensive and often features local breweries, and the food is consistently great.
I'm basing my review on 10-15 visits here that have ranged from a weekday lunchtime and Saturday nights.  I've always gotten great service from the staff, well prepared food of proper portion size and good beers.  I really like the Mini-corndogs, burger, and their fries.  It's typical barfood that anyone can find something to eat and there are even some veggie options.  The beer here is great, I've had several rare Russian River, Founders, Bells, Port, Lost Abbey, and Founders beers here that are rarely available on the East Coast and they often have beer promotions if you sign up for the newsletter.
Even on New Years day during their terribly busy 1 year anniversary party, Brendan, the owner, stopped to talk to me and my friend about making a selection from a number of their rare beers and the food they were giving out for free.
I think a lot of the negative reviews here are unwarranted and I just wanted to spread the word that it's not been all bad, in fact I've had some great experiences here.  Another reviewer mentioned that they were annoyed because of the seating policy here, but I have to say that I like this.  A group of 8 people can stand and drink and talk, but there is really no way to stand and eat food.
This is a great place to have in the neighborhood to stop by for a quick drink after work, or sit down to watch a Phillies game with other fans.I love this place.
I go to quizzo on Sundays @ 9 and it's really fun and the guy that does it is hilarious.
The BEST mac & cheese I've ever had. I pour Sriracha all over it and it's amazing. They don't have a lot of food options, but I don't care because I always get the mac. Their fries are also p good. I've tried some of their other food and I wasn't super excited, but I will always go back for the mac and the awesome beer and wine choices.Local 44 exemplifies a "Cheers-style" bar.  Maybe it was the fact it was only four blocks from my apartment, but I always felt part of the West Philly/University City Community whenever I walk in. The pub food is typical: I highly recommend the homemade chips. They're superior and affordable (I think $4). The avocado salad (not sure what exactly it's called) is also excellent, though not quite as large as I like. I've probably gotten it 5 times, and each time it has been fresh and delicious. There is also much more adventurous food for those adventurous eaters.been here a couple of times now since i moved into the area. it's pretty small and usually packed...at least everytime i've been there. they have a smaller restaurant section next to the bar and because it's so small, they only let you sit there if you're actually eating food and not just hanging out drinking. the staff has always been really nice and helpful. their beers are always great. food is sometimes good, sometimes just ok. also, they are a little pricey imo. but i'll prob go back...they're ok. i just won't be making it my local watering hole.It'd be a while since I'd been here and though it had never stuck out as a favorite to me, it always seemed decent enough. My most recent visit the food was quite good, but there was something more than a little off with the Bloody Mary's. 
We had already had a previous round of drinks when we ordered three of these guys. They came with a dark liquid floating on top which we later identified as Yard's Love Stout. I'm down with whatever weird stuff restaurants want to do as long as it works, but in this case it didn't. All three of us, who either are currently, or have been bartenders in respected restaurants, tasted what seemed like balsamic vinegar as the dominant flavor. Every sip was accompanied by a cringe.
We got the attention of our server who had already been a little cool with us, but we nicely explained the situation. She said she would check what she could do and so began a chain of three different people explaining to us that as "there were no other complaints" they couldn't do anything and that we could "order it differently next time." One server told me that "beer is always in Bloody Mary's" as another justification....false. 
The manager explained that she didn't have comping powers, so we should just grin and bear it. I don't understand how that's possible, but if it's not another beer-is-always-in-Bloody-Mary's type lie, that is an egregious restaurant policy. Either way, they could have offered to simply remix the drinks and try to cut the vinegar taste in some way. Any gesture of good faith would have been appreciated. Side note - wonder what their solution would have been if one of us was gluten free. 
Anyway, if you don't mind eye rolls with your service and you like a little masochism with your Bloody Mary's this is the place for you. You just better be prepared to pay for any of their mistakes, as this restaurant does not seem to be concerned with customer service.I actually signed up for yelp to write this review. Mediocre food and criminally terrible service. 
Our waitress dropped two full glasses of water on my friend's head. She was absolutely soaked. The waitress gave us a cursory 'sorry' and then proceeded to ignore our table for the rest of the night. 
We waited 20 minutes for her to take our order. Our food took another 30-35 minutes. And then we sat with empty plates for another 15-20. We never got a full apology from anyone on the staff and at the end of the meal, they charged us the full price for our food. 
The bottle shop next door is nice and staffed by friendly people. This place is absolutely terrible.Where to go in West Philly for a cheap dinner and drinks?  Local 44 of course!
After returning from my 2 week vacation, I found my fridge empty and the jet-lag made me less interested in battling for groceries at Shop N' Bag. I decided to go to Local 44 with a friend, who recommended that I try it for dinner and highly recommended the place.
We headed over and I found that they had food all in the $10 food range. I went with the heart attack inducing Cuban sandwhich (pork, ham, cheese) for $8.  Turns out that they serve pretty decent food for a bar here.  
Again, I went with some Dogfish Pale Ale, as my main mission at a bar is to drink.  Good selection of beers on draft and bottled.
Overall, a good environment to have a dinner, drinks and to watch the ball game.I've been here for brunch twice. Servers are always really nice, but I think the prices are a bit steep for the portions that you get. Menu items are a bit ambitious, kind of wish they mostly served regular brunch food. This time I had the Eggs Benedict. Eggs cooked well over a nice sourdough english muffin. Again, not bad just a bit pricey for small portions.Great beer, delicious food and awesome beer store attached! I went during happy hour, the place was packed but I was still able to be seated right away, as long as I had plans for food, which I did! The space is pretty small, so you have to be okay with squeezing through small walkways. Unfortunately, some of their clientele are a bit snooty- I ever so gently snuck past and gleaned a woman's purse on my way to sit and she and her date gave me really dirty looks, luckily they left pretty fast! Their happy hour deals are really great with discounted local beers and appetizers. Their menu is a little limited, but I'm sure you can find at least one thing you'd like to eat, especially if you're vegan- there's ton of options for you! I had the mushroom and goat cheese gnocchi and it was amazing. The service was average, but because of all the positives, I will surely be back.Less than a year ago, the Memphis Taproom opened up a few blocks from my house.  Between then and now, it's become quite popular and one of the best bars this side of the city.  So the owners decided to spread the wealth and  go to the other side.  The result: Local 44.
Local 44 is a pretty standard bar that focuses of serving up good beer and food.  It's clearly run by the folks from Memphis, as evident by the  similar menu and beer selection.  There are about eighteen beers on tap, including the beer engine, which gives beer drinkers of any persuasion a good choice.
Beer selection aside, the rest of the experience is average.  The service was acceptable; not great.  The prices are average.  The atmosphere is nice, but forgettable.  The only real reason to go to Local 44 is just that, if it's your local spot.  You won't be seeing me make the trip from Fishtown again.
Downsides: The bar charges tax on beer, which is lame, but not unheard of.  Beers that would be $4-$7 are suddenly $4.40 to $7.70.  Even with the tax, the prices are still acceptable.  I was having trouble deciding the beer I wanted, so I asked for a sample.  The barkeep shot back that they "don't do samples, because that's how [they] keep the prices so low."  I didn't think that was true, or a good reason for denying me an ounce of beer.  It's not breaking your bank.
Bottom Line: This place is fine. If you happen to be around, check it out. It's not going to crack the top ten or even top twenty list of Philadelphia bars, but it will do just fine and continue to serve up good food and beers.LOVE. I should just end the review with that...
This place is awesome! A nice little hole in the wall, with a dark but friendly feel. Great rotation of beers on tap! Prices are a bit much if you're a broke student, but so worth it to fit in a few 5+ dollar beers into your budget!
I've had a couple dishes there (black bean burger and turkey avacado sandwich) and they were both great for pub food. The staff is so friendly and cool. Especially Cats the bartender...what a nice guy. 
There is only 1 downfall...if you aren't into the hipster subculture, this probably isn't the place for you. The place is pouring with them. I mean, they don't bother anyone, they generally just sit and do their own thing. Just hope you get a seat near the ones that bathe regularly :)
That being said, it's a great place to chat with the person you're going to hang out with. And it gets super busy for Quizzo, so go early!
Also, stop by for Saturday and Sunday morning brunch. They serve great breakfast food!Brunch review:
Good brunch place to go to with my brother since he lives in the area and is also a vegan. Unfortunately (or fortunately) for me, I am not so this leaves us with a limited selection of places to go that will satisfy both tastes. 
He had the red flannel hash, looked and smelled good. He seemed to enjoy it. 
I had eggs and breakfast potatoes with a side of toast. Toast was hard and there was a hair in my eggs. Now to be honest, this happened yesterday and I was super tired already and didn't feel like being a pain so I said nothing and didn't finish my meal. 
It looks like a cool place (decor wise) to chill if you live in the area but I wouldn't make a trek there for the food. Beer list seems great and I'll probably check it out again at some point.Great atmosphere! We were seated quickly and the service was fast and friendly. The menu was small but had a great selection of appetizers and entrees both vegetarian and non vegetarian. Creative and yummy dishes! The prices were very reasonable. Definitely a great spot to grab a drink with friends or go out to dinner.Talk all the smack you want about the food, but the local beer list is unbeatable, and if you go next door to the bottle shop, they have an incredible variety from all over. I've been here twice, once for dinner and beers, and the other time at 1 AM on a Tuesday (don't judge me). Both times have been pretty good experiences but they do tend to get busy at prime time and it could take a while to get a table. I had the seitan reuben which was better than I expected, but still hard to shell out $12 for. Beer is quality, but service varies.OMG the seitan nuggets are amazing. Seriously wanted to order seconds but didn't want everyone to think I was a fatty, so I ordered the brussels sprouts instead. They were excellent, but I was wishing I had a 2nd order of those nuggets. Next time, two orders for sure. A nice bar to sit and enjoy a few cocktails. Plenty of vegan items on the menu. Friendly service.One of the best restaurants in West Philly to grab a casual dinner, with unique food and awesome beer selection.
FOOD: I'd say the food is around 4 stars, primary creative and well executed with a few misses from time to time. It's hard to pin down the exact theme of the food here, but they've got some good, quirky dishes. Some of my favorites are the beet pickled eggs, the broccolini with peanut sauce and the gnocchi.  They also have a number of veg entree options.
DRINKS: Beer selection is 5 stars, no question. An expansive, but not overwhelming, well curated list. The servers are also very knowledgable about their selection.
Overall, a good place to go when you're craving something a bit different, with some awesome beer. 
**One note: the whole place operates as a bar, so you need to be 21 to be inside, even if you're not planning on drinking, and they are persistent about ID'ing at the tables**It's a great place to hang out after work.  Once I even saw a baby - in the bar.  The food is mediocre at best if you can motivate the wait staff to bring it out to you in a timely fashion.  I remember one night the flighty waitress served me a 16oz pour in a 10oz glass and was confused when I asked her about the glass size.  
Ok...so the food is meh, the staff kinda sucks and they don't let you taste a wee bit of the craft beer before committing to a few of em? This place is really for locals swilling beers after work sitting and standing around the bar. DO NOT go there for dinner.Local 44 is an idea place for a snack and a beer, but I wouldn't go back for dinner. The food is tasty, but the entrees we selected offered tiny portions (and that means a lot coming from me). The beer selection is incredible, so it's definitely worth stopping in after dinner.Great spot to grab all kinds of beer. Fantastic happy hour with $3 local beers on tap. 
Wings and fries are very tasty and the rest of the food is well done but pricey. Sunday evenings has one of the best trivia nights around. Highly recommend this place.Once a dark Irish Pub frequented by under aged students, Local 44's Spruce Street bar now features a rotating list of local (go figure) beers, always with a few on cask. The seitan reuben is among Philly's best vegan sandwiches, and the carrot flat bread is Vedge level good. Great bartending staff who will provide in depth recommendations of both the beer and the menu, and there's a bottle shop next door if you want to keep it going. It gets a little crowded and really noisy on the weekends, but over all a great local.Came in with 6 adults and 4 children to have some drinks. We were seated and ordered drinks. When we said we weren't eating, we were told we would have to leave if someone came in and wanted to eat because we were taking up 4 two tops. The waitress then hastily took the menus, silverware, and condiments. 0/10 would recommend.I love Local 44!  It's a reliable neighborhood bar with an incredible selection of beers.  Last time I was there I had The Great Pumpkin....it was delicious!
The food has been hit or miss.  I will never forget the Irish Cheesesteak I had...it was PERFECTION!   But the French Toast for brunch didn't do it for me, and the last time I had dinner I asked for the Local 44 Cheesebuger with no pickles...which apparently translates to getting a sad burger with hardly any cheese and no condiments.  Astonishing.  
Still, Local 44 is very cozy and holds a sentimental place in my heart because that's where my boyfriend and I had our first date  :).  It's a nice place to relax with a beer and watch a game.I have to say that my favorite thing about Local 44 is what it isn't:  It *isn't* any of the crappy dives that preceded it in that location for many years:  My fellow 80s-era Penn alums will all remember the almost-deliberately-shitty Murphy's, and I for one was not a bit upset to see it go.
But Local 44 deserves praise on its own merits, for sure.  They made the space inviting and comfortable, and have a very good beer selection and some really good items on the menu (the tacos are especially good and authentic), although I think the menu could do with some "augmentation".
While the beer selection is definitely quite good and under a nice rotation, they really need to consider better placement for the chalk-board that carries that day's selections.  They don't do a printed list here each day (props to Devil's Den and others for doing that) so one is forced to order from the board, which is entirely invisible to about 3/4ths of the people in the place.  What's wit dat?
Parking in this neighborhood is always a challenge... a problem not particular to them but be forewarned.I was really pumped to visit Local 44 after hearing all these great things about the vegan spinach croquettes and some tofu tacos. I checked out their website, but alas, no menu!
Oh well. Sometimes you gotta LIVE ON THE EDGE (except that I read all the reviews on Yelp, so there's really nothing edgy about it BUT I SWEAR I live dangerously). So the boyf and I went for dinner at the end of this past June. 
We sat down, looked over the menus, but alas. No spinach croquettes or tofu tacos. SAD FACE. But happy face was around the corner in the form of chipotle hummus and a ginger and broccoli risotto. The waitress we had was super helpful and she found out which of the vegetarian marked entrees were in fact vegan friendly.
I loved my meal! But then I heard about another menu change.... I know people on here complain about that. I don't blame you. I WANT TO TRY THESE CROQUETTES. I REALLY LIKED THAT HUMMUS.
So I went last night to try the new menu (http://citypaper.net/blogs/mealticket/files/2010/08/Local44menu.jpg). BTW, they designate what is vegetarian AND vegan. Plus 100 points.
Zuccini fritters were freaking awesome. It's this wonderfully perfectly cooked fresh zucchini in this perfect breading. The queso dip was good, but the nutritional yeast based dip won't fool cheese lovers. Local 44 would be my new mecca if they added some cashew cream into it. But it's still really good and earthy and I liked it.
But the real winner is the new vegan reuben. To be fair, I never had a real reuben, even in the pre-vegan days. I also typically hate hate HATE ABSOLUTELY LOATHE CONDIMENTS OF ANY TYPE. But I've been making strides and I'm proud of myself for it and you only live once so I ordered the reuben, kraut and all.
Sisters and broskis, this is in my top three sandwiches I've ever had in Philadelphia. Also, dip the fries you get with the sandwich in your left over queso dip.
Also, our waiter last night was super nice and helpful. I told him "That sandwich was incredible and please please please never stop serving it" so DON'T WORRY GUYS. I let Local 44 know what's up.
They'll be adding a brunch menu next month, so I'm pumped.
My only gripes: Post a menu on the website!!! And keep a couple of fan favourites to stay, at the very least as a rotating weekly special or something.When we are stuck and trying to decide upon where to venture out to, we talk in circles, but always end up saying "let's just go to the local 44." I always know it's going to be a good time.  It's conveniently located in Spruce Hill/University City, and is always buzzing with a lively crowd.  I love their vast selection of beer.  Reasonable prices on booze and food.  Although, food service tends to be a bit slow (probably because it's always packed!) And, they have quizzo on Sundays...which I am always a fan of.Came here for brunch on a Sunday morning when I was starving and Rx had waaay to long a line.
I love the fact that this place is very vegetarian and vegan friendly. The portions are pretty good, and the food not overly greasy.
Heard great things about the beers on tap but haven't been out there to try 'em myself.I love Local 44. At one point in my life I was there so much I wished they had stock I could have invested in. The staff has been pretty consistent these past few years and each and every one of them could tell you exactly what beer to drink depending on what you're feeling. All the bartenders are really cool and easy to talk to, and if you go enough they always say what's up when you walk in. The ambiance is real laid back and cool and there are usually some good tunes on off one of the bartenders iPods. As for the food, the burgers are definitely the best bang for your buck. The appetizers are all good but the portions aren't that large, except for the fries which are massive. If you are in West Philly, I would say Local is a worthy stop.Excellent beer. Great service. Awesome food. Make sure you ask beforehand what size your beer comes in. I've gotten surprised with a less than pint-sized glass, some even for not high-ABV beers.Love the beer selection and appetizers. Pickled eggs and seitan nuggets are the usual. Ambience is perfect for the local bar.
I think their entrees and burgers are WAY too salty though (veggie, beef and lamb were all sooo salty). Our bartender reeked of BO last time too...So this place was actually surprisingly good! And different! The dish that stood out was chef special a grilled romaine ceasar salad. I have never heard of grilling romaine lettuce, but he nailed it - it was amazing!! I think they should make it a regular menu item.
I will add here that both times we went it did end up being a little pricy - but a lot of that was because of the beer. It is expensive beer but worth it as they carry some very good micro brew and craft beer selections. Also you have to go to their bottle shop in the back - no kidding its possibly the best in Philly with free beer tastings every Monday!Was really looking forward to trying one of the vegan sandwich options here, but I didn't even get the chance. My boyfriend and I had been seated when we were told we couldn't order food because we're under 21. The waitress was apologetic but this is some pretty important information which I would have appreciated knowing before going out of my way to come here. It could have been written SOMEWHERE (on yelp, on the menu, even on the door). Extremely frustrating experience.When i walked in  on tuesday i couldn't believe this place used to be kellianne's where I used to drink underage (mainly because i acturally got carded which i never have a problem with exspecailly with when my and my friend probably look about 21).  nicely redone interior, our bartender seemed well knowledged and laughed at our conversation as he passed. mmm stone aniversary stout was a great was to start my morning. and after craving breakfast i found french toast and fried chicken on the menu which i thought was an odd combo but good none the less. my veggie eating friend had an mushroom osyster pull boy which was huge and  we had to study for a sec to figure how exactly to eat it. It was relaxing and we ran into some people we knew, parking was pretty easy to and my friend was even albe to or a bloody mary which wasn't the best but damn acceptable for a place that specailizes in beer. although we would have enjoy a few less fried options we definataly enjoyed ourselves. and when i asked about dessert they didn't have any but we were offer some maryjanes insteadI had the burger here and it's nothing to go crazy over. You have to pay a dollar extra for pretty much everything except for lettuce, tomatoes, and onions, which is a huge turn off. But they did make the medium rare perfectly, which I really appreciated, but it had no taste, so I'm glad I paid extra for the bacon and cheese. The fries were okay. 
The draft selection is fantastic. I was happy with my beers and if I do come back, I'll just stick with drinking and eat somewhere else. 
They need to figure out a better system for seating people. My friend and I just ended up standing by the arch between the bar and eating area waiting for someone to stop and seat us. It was really hard trying to get someone's attention since they either didn't look our way at all or walking by they ignored our gestures and calling out. But once we were finally seated the waitress was really nice. 
All in all, just come here for the beer.Annoying place. Unfortunately, I live right around the corner. 
Food is average. Nothing to write home about.
Beer selection is excellent. 
Problem: the hipster crowd and staff - annoying at best. Worse though, they're racists - ironically. They wouldn't take a FOOD order because one of us did not have ID. Call me crazy but last time I checked I do not need an ID to order food and water. Guess we were a little too dark for country bumpkin East PA Blondie gone Philly Hipster.
Needless to say, they won't get business from me or anybody I know.As a vegetarian, his is one of the few places I have to literally mull over my options to the point that the server has to keep coming back.
The black bean burger is the absolute best. 
I just discovered brunch, but our service wasn't great (i wanted to give full stars, but this makes me sad)-I had no idea about the beer-mosas until i saw several tables around me with them.  
I will be coming back for these... and to try the plethora of other vegetarian (and beer!) options.So if you want a great Manhattan, high west double rye for $10 come here. Get the deviled eggs and it's a solid spot.I cruised in one weekday with my friend and sat in the really nice window seat and we proceeded to drink beer at a leisurely pace for HOURS.  The bartender was attentive but accepting of our decision to hog prime real estate.  The wings are pretty good and their beer selection is decent plus one.  
Local 44 gets the points in the end, though, because I left my jacket there and when I called them about an hour after leaving they had it safe and sound and kept it nice and cozy and taken care of for me until I could wander back early the next day.  The bartender lady even recognized me and kinda tilted her head in a friendly "YOU again"? kind of way.Good beer.  Bar food is decent but not great.  Waitresses are on the ball.  Bartenders are busy as all hell.  Management tends to get in the way with rules that really put off customers.  My friends and I have been coming here reluctantly since they opened but we all wish this place would be much better.This review is mainly to share my experience of their food. I don't recommend going to this bar for their food. Their menu is kinda of strange and small. I ordered a lamb burger and asparagus with tuna. Given I ordered 10 minutes before the kitchen close, that doesn't make it acceptable for servicing inedible good. My asparagus and tuna was not hot and was a weird combination of food AND. More importantly my lamb burger was raw (rare). I asked to have it cooked longer and they came back with it 3 minutes later and this time it was deep fried lol. I cut into it and it was like a volcano of juices like I've never seen before. I took one bite of it and didn't touch my fries. The bartender took it and apologized that I didn't like it. He still charged me $14 for my sandwich! I was so upset but I didn't complain because I wanted to enjoy the rest of my night.I like the brunch here. The breakfast special with tofu scramble is my usual choice. Corned beef hash is pretty good too. I don't like their omelet but to be quite frank I don't have specific interest in omelet in general. And they have awesome beer selection. Bartender is great:)
The only problem is, they require ID even for brunch without alcohol. This is ridiculous. Other than that it's fine.This is a targeted review.  This week I ate at Local 44 for the first time.  I ordered Buffalo wings and a beer.  I've been on a wing jag lately.   I'm constantly reviewing and reordering my "wing ladder."  Right now first seed is Local 44.  BIG juicy wings, perfectly fried, with a nice amount of flavorful and clearly identifiable Buffalo sauce.  Could be a tad hotter but enough spice to require a beer quench every 3 - 4 wings.  
I had a really refreshing Belgian "tres" something or other that was a light, perfect foil for the wings - at least in August.  
Incidentally, the other 4 people in our group, who didn't have the wings, all loved their meals as well.  We'll be going back - probably before school starts and then again over breaks.This a great spot for some casual drinking. They have about 20 craft beers on tap, and also have a full bar. Even though this is in the University City area, the crowd is very diverse and skews a little older -- which is great because it's not just a bunch of drunk college kids. The beer is decently priced as well, so you can try a few different ones in one night.
I did the quizzo here as well, and that wasn't very fun. They won't let you sit down at a table unless you order food, and they were very slow at adding up the scores and such. I'd rather just drink here with friends.Great little spot for a late night bite/beer or a hungover brunch. Their regular menu has a few vegetarian options that I can't really live without (the fried brussel sprouts will convince you that despite how your mom made them, this is an edible and delicious vegetable). Their weekend quiche last week was asparagus, ricotta cheese, and, uh, something else that was made it the perfect trifecta for breakfast. I love how its neighborhood-y but not so divey that you grow pale from being inside. Also, their beer-mosas on the weekend brunch menu are a great hair of the dog. If you live within walking distance, you have no excuse to check this place out!Great food, always a great beer selection and hot or miss service. If you are okay with semi-abusive service, hipster clientele and good bar eats, this place is a gem.I would come here often if I lived in the area or this part of the US for that matter. Really good looking beer selection with staff that can hold their own talking about it. The menu was awesome, lots of options for both meat and leaf eaters. I had the fried brussels sprouts which came in a huge portion and were absolutely addicting.Local 44 is a great place to grab a pint and a sandwich.  I swung by last week for dinner with some friends.  We were seated in a cozy booth in the corner.  They hit one of my pet peeves though- they list the beers without any sort of indication as to what they are.  Fortunatly, there were some familliar ones, and it was happy hour so the risk was minimal.  They also don't list the prices.  I mean that stuff is good to know!
I had the veggie ruben for dinner, and it hit the spot!  I love that they have vinegar for their crispy fries, and i love the feeling of having a hearty meal- really sinking teeth into something vegetarian that will keep me full for quite some time.  It was great!
My boyfriend had the wedge salad, and the wings.  He seemed happy.  Our friend had Beef on Weck and also seemed pleased.  Our 4th friend had fresh fries and seitan wings.  The seitan wings are inedible!  I love this place, I do, but I don't know what they're doing serving that stuff!  There are some places that have KILLER seitan wings.  These things are rock solid and fairly tasteless.  I wouldn't recommend that.  Pretty much everything else on the menu is better.This place has tons of excellent vegetarian options!
Everything I have ordered here has been superb!I've been living in West Philly for 11 years now. Needless to say, Local has been my watering hole for many years and I've been here countless times over the year, and it pains me to give them a non-stellar review but I have to be honest. But let'st start with the good
Beer. Come here for the beer. Their beer list is always good, and they are always running nice events, happy hour next door at their bottle shop, participating in the Philly Beer week. Seriously, 5/5 stars on their beer game, fair prices and great selection. Also I'd like to give the bartender/server last night 5/5 stars too -- I wish I knew his name -- but he's stellar. He noticed as soon as we sat down that we weren't serviced by other servers, so he came over promptly with our menus and beer list. His service throughout the night was also perfect, came over appropriate times to see if we wanted another round, to check on the food. honestly some of the best service I've ever received anywhere, so big big kudos! 
The reason for the less than stellar review, is really their food. It pains me to say, their food has really been sucking over the last few years. It's always been good, standard, OKAY at least. But the food really saddens me now. I've had too many bad experiences now to look the other way. Case 1, their mushroom ramen soup was really underwhelming and extremely overpriced for the quality. There was barely any soup, few toppings and mushrooms, and I was hoping for a nice deep mushroom flavor broth -- it was very bland.  Last night, we ordered the $12 ginger scallion Asian noodles. It was pretty bad.. I give it a 2/5 especially for the price. They use regular American spaghetti noodles, and lightly dress it with ginger and scallion, and it was pretty flavorless, again bland. Then comes the opposite offense, the Vietnamese wings were insanely INSANELY oversalted, and way too much fish sauce. I could barely eat because the smell was so overpowering.. and I come from a household that uses fish sauce regularly. And the saltiness, was 10/10 on a salt scale. The mac and cheese I've had before too, and also insanely underwhelming -- kind of bland and just okay. 
My go to's before were the seitan buffalo nuggets -- which weren't on their menu last night -- but that's one thing I actually really do love there.
It's such a bummer Because.. i really love Local. I don't know if it's the nostalgia, or the good service or the beer that brings me back. But the food is so bad that it makes me not want to go sometimes.. because when I drink good beer, I want a really good meal to go with it too! I really wish it was the best of both worlds. If they up their food game , they would EASILY be a 4 or 5 star place because their service and beer list are always on point. Just please, please improve the food / menu or maybe the food is just inconsistent/ inconsistent cooks? From a foodie that really wants to love your establishment, pretty please with a cherry on top. It's just a bummer because I love  the ambiance, but I love good food too and I just can't justify continuing to pay for underwhelming food time after time.This bar is the kind of place you head to for a few great beers and to potentially have conversation with a like-minded stranger. I'm not a "go to a bar by yourself" type of girl, but if I were, I'd pick this one. (In this particular instance, my companion was running a little behind, and it felt perfectly natural - even to this uptight WASP - to have conversation with the guy next to me at the bar.) This is also the type of place where you can ask the bartender's opinion about which beer you should order. Service is super friendly.
Also: fries are good, and I had this killer vegan pastrami sandwich. Props for creative and tasty vegetarian options.
Noise level is perfect: you can have a meaningful conversation with an old friend, but if you get a little tipsy and sorta lose control of your voice volume (not that I did that!) you won't be super obvious.This is only for brunch/breakfast, I have not have dinner there yet.
Overall, I thought the food was okay, but it wasn't anything great. The people I was with have had different meals there and have been mildly disappointed with what they had before. My simple 2 egg breakfast was decent, but they only had one kind of toast which was sort of limiting. I was happy with their choice of hot sauce, though. I'd go back, but probably for dinner instead.Besides Dock Street, this is the only other quality beer house west of the Schuylkill. Expect quality bar food...like fresh avocado slices with your steak sandwich and meatloaf better than your mom's. They've got the latest in seasonal brews and the staff isn't hard on the eyes either.Fabulous beer selection and yummy bar food (vegetarian options, yay!).I went to Local 44 last night for the first time, and the bartender was awesome. I'm sure this isn't all I'm supposed to say. I'm sure I should also tell you that the ambiance was nice, it was busy but not too loud, we got a table for two by the bar with no wait at 7:45 on a Wednesday, the food and beer were both great, and the location is convenient to transit and parking.
Sure, fine. But the bartender was REALLY great.  
He was one of those bartenders who seems to always know the second your eye lifts toward the bar. He was solicitous, helpful, and knowledgable. He recommended the perfect beer, and was patient and relaxed in his service over about four hours. The second we even thought we might want food, he was there, but he was never overbearing. And this might seem small, but I asked for water with lemon, and he refilled my water three more times over the course of the night, and every single time he remembered that I wanted lemon, and he dropped a fresh slice in for me. It was really, really great service. 
So go here! And tip your bartender well. Seriously. He's a gem.One of the cooler beer bars i've been to in the city.  Had a pretty sweet microbrew beer selection, would give them a 5 but their appetizer menu is kinda small. Nice atmosphere.This place is great!  Great selection of everything, atmosphere is really cozy, and staff is super friendly and on point.  The food is really elevated for a bar, and they have lots of vegetarian and vegan options.  The food is bit pricey at first glance, but the quality of the food and service make it worth it.  The bottle shop next door is worth a visit. Very happy to have this in the neighborhood!This is mine and my partners go-to bar. They have got great menu items in each section. I probably like the bar snacks best (the brussels sprouts are amazing!). Brian and Nate (both Nates) are wonderful and attentive bartenders. Great conversationalists! I digged a star because the menu doesn't change very often BUT they've got nice specials every so often that switch it up. Love this place to bits!Not sure how my review of Local 44 got deleted, but here's another one!
I'm moving to South Philly, but I'll definitely be back for this place.  They've definitely picked up the pace and quality in their first few months.  
For example, the events are getting awesome.  They just had a really neat Locals Only Beer Weekend, a homage to all the great local craft brews.  Sunday nights are reserved for quizzo - which is infinitely awesome, but I warn you - the quizzo host pounds you with crazy difficult questions that will drive you crazy.
The wings here are to die for.  Seriously.  They're not your usual crappy takeout wings - these babies are fried and covered in delicious sauce - buffalo or an Asian sauce, which I will be sure to try next time.  As I noted in another review, the veggie burger and fries are tasty.
Good times all around.I lived a block away from Local 44 for over a year. I will always come back to west Philly to visit this place.
The beer selection is always amazing. Theres beer from all over the world and they normally also have a bunch of local stuff. 
The bar it's self is cozy and if your sitting down to eat the back part reserved for patrons ordering food is comfortable as well. I've ate here a few times and was always great. From burgers to creative salads every bar staple is represented well. 
Also Nate is the man and is the best bar tender in the city.Good beer selection - had the punkin ale by Dogfish, fall is already here. Had the seitan rueben with fresh fries. Added the Swiss cheese and it was pretty darn good. Rye bread was a little dry and somehow got the end of the barrel for the fries but all was right. Mac and cheese isn't the best, it's more like a side than a main dish. Better place to come hang for drinks with okay food.Ordered the lamb burger. Juiciest, most satisfying burger I've ever had, I could've cried it was so good. The staff is very friendly as well. One point off just because of how noisy it is inside - hard to carry a conversation with others without straining.I only come here because I'm a block away, but it's not bad.  Its a good neighborhood default bar.  I wish the drinks were a bit cheaper, though, and I think they recently changed the menu--unfortunately not for the better.  Still, I come back often.  It's like a boyfriend you feel indifferent about, but you kinda like him sometimes, enough not to break up with him because you're content, just not head over heels in love.  I know you know what I'm talking about (MARI!!!!!).The Short and Sweet:
Beer: 5 stars (they've monopolized the location)
Food: 4-5 stars (great pub food, good prices)
Service: 3-4 stars (inconsistent but usually good enough)
The Ugly:
Noise. It's a killer. The dining area echos conversation with ridiculous efficiency. With such a small, loud space you feel like you're dining in a phone booth with a dozen other people. Last time I came there was a guy at the next table doing some high-pitched beached-whale rendition of I Will Survive and for a solid 10 minutes I couldn't hear myself think, let alone hold a conversation without screaming at the top of my lungs. Echo chamber + obnoxious clientele = bad times.I really want to like this bar. 
I am a fan of Resurrection / MTR / Strangelove's and wish that the same attention and effort would be put into this place. Instead, the food is inconsistent, the service more so, and too often I get short pours from the bar.This is just disappointing. 
It seems like they are skating by on the endless supply of undergrads/grad students looking to drink and the fact that are no other gastropubs in the immediate area with which they have to compete. The result is that once every few months someone suggests trying 44 - to see if it's any better or because we are just to lazy to walk any farther. When it isn't, this intensifies the anger and annoyance that this place isn't as good as it could be and, therefore, the amount of time that passes before we will consider going back again. Meh.I went a couple weeks ago on a Saturday night to have a drink with a friend. We ran into a couple we knew and took over their bar table when they left. The bartender was really rude and took a LONG time to serve us. She looked pretty pissed off and in a bad mood. My friend and I finished our beers and patiently waited for her to come around and ask us if we wanted another, but she never did. I ended up going to the bartender behind the bar and getting more drinks from him to put on our tab. Really put off by the crappy service. I don't care if she had tattoos. She sucked. I only rated this two stars because the beer selection is good and decently priced.The food is incredible....Such thoughtful, healthy food...Vegetarians celebrated...seitan pastrami, seitan nuggets...
They top burgers with grilled pickled onions.......who has that?..everyone soon. They make home made pickles are incredible.  Instead of delicious fries I was offered Kale salad, it was good, there really is no adequate substitute for fries...
xoxoGREAT NEIGHBORHOOD BAR!!!!
Awesome beer selection with knowledgeable and attentive bartenters. 
You gotta try the bacon cheeseburger it was amazing.Despite other reviewers, I personally love the food. I think the chips-n-dip with the horseradish cream sauce are AMAZING and since it's in my neighborhood, it's a nice place to go snack and grab beers. (By the way, the burgers are fantastic.)
However, my feelings towards the establishment are luke warm. The bartenders over all have seemed friendly and helpful when describing their selection (which is a pain to see, for the record,) but the service can be really hit or miss.
I brought a friend from out of town who asked when she served us our drinks if they had Pepsi or Coca-Cola products. She basically laughed at him and said, "We don't have either, we have just 'Cola.'" Confused, he asked if they had any other sort of sodas like..mountain dew or the likes and again, he was met with a pretentious laugh that made the entire table uncomfortable throughout their time there as they felt they were being judged. Every simple request, "Do you have barbecue sauce?" was met with a "no," and another snotty laugh or better yet, an eye roll as she slunk off into the kitchen. Also, I should add that they wouldn't serve me alcohol because one person at the table didn't hand an ID and it was during lunch time.
I can stomach the liquor lockdown, even not serving run-of the mill products because they market themselves as a gastropub and pride themselves on their unique selections..however, I cannot even begin to digest servers who either don't care, don't show up, or make their table uncomfortable. As I've waitressed for five years, it's just stupid service!
Just a tip for the waitress (who got 15% she still didn't' deserve): The nicer you are to your patrons, the more they'll tip you!
On a lighter note, not ALL the servers are miserable or condescending. I had one really friendly girl who helped me pick out a beer that I absolutely loved and despite having a packed station, she managed to get us our food, drink, and checks within a reasonable amount of time. I guess that's why she works days and the others work nights.This is my favorite place in all of west Philly! Their food is amazing, and they always have an outstanding selection of beers on tap. It has that hole-in-the-wall bar feel that I love. And of course quizzo Sundays are the best! Their baked brussel sprouts are my favorite dish, with the broccoli rabe a close second. If you're looking for more of a snack-type food, the popcorn is to die for! It's made with nutritional yeast so it has an extra kick! The hush puppies are awesome, but I am sad they still don't have the butter dip for them. They stopped using the butter dip last summer and I keep hoping it will make a comeback. If you're vegan or vegetarian then this place is definitely for you. They have really great seitan nuggets and always have some sort of seitan sandwich. The popcorn is vegan, too, so if you are lactose intolerant you don't have to worry about being set off by butter in your popcorn. I've never eaten any of their entree items, but I've seen them and they all look delish. My friends and I always do it tapas-style here and order a bunch of appetizers to share with our beers. They have a full bar, but I don't come here for the liquor; the beer selection is just too choice to drink anything else! And they have the Bottle Shop right next door, so if they have a really good beer on tap, sometimes I can go next door to buy a few bottles to take home for later.Just  back from opening day at Lcal 44 - it was FANTASTC!  What a fabulous beer list, you cannot find a better one in the city - or a more fairly priced one.  The kitchen brought out some complementary morsels:  juicy batter-coated chicken wings, rich tasting potato cakes, hearty Cuban-style sandwiches (I don't think the kitchen is presently using a plancha, the sandwich press that gives the the cubano its caramelized grilled edge, but it was tasty none the less).  In any case, while it is too early to judge the kitchen, its early menu complements the great beer list perfectly.  The West Philly neighborhood now boasts a terrific bar and in Leigh and Brendan it could not have found more gracious and knowledgeable hosts.  Happy New Year indeed.I went here, had a nice time, but I don't feel like giving a detailed review. I think it's because Local 44 s replaced another establishment I frequented as a West Philly resident - Murphy's.
One day, young people will trod upon the earth where my ashes have been scattered and not give a crap. Because they have no idea I ever existed. And while I ate and drank at Local 44, that is all I could think about. That I'm old and irrelevant. 
Ah, the circle of life. So fukcing beautiful.Local 44's slogan for all intents and purposes is: "gastropub. We kind of hate that word." Don't worry though, Local 44, no one will ever accuse you of being one of those if the definition of gastropub is "an establishment that serves food of quality higher than poor." Seriously, I get that you want the emphasis on the beer not the food, but it is actually possible to have a decent rotating beer selection and at the same time offer food that isn't utter crap for people to enjoy while drinking it. (News flash: People like to eat while drinking!)
Around late summer, we heard that there was going to be a new chef and hoped for a menu that wasn't 80% deep fried (Black bean burger? That's gonna be deep fried. BOOM! You're welcome) but somehow the food managed to get even worse since. One evening my husband and I stopped in for a drink and snack -- he got the new bone marrow appetizer and I got the grilled shrimp cocktail, $9 and $8 respectively. OK, first of all, there was MAYBE a full tablespoon of marrow in my husband's dish and my "grilled" shrimp cocktail consisted of lukewarm, clearly microwaved, previously frozen shrimp like the kind that comes in the shrimp ring at Pathmark, sitting on top of a sloppy bed of cloyingly sweet ketchup-heavy "cocktail" sauce and -- WAIT FOR IT -- covered in lettuce. THE. HELL? We also stopped in for a perfectly serviceable brunch on New Year's Day which was fine, I guess, other than the fact that it took an entire for our food to come out after we ordered it.
On the last point, and I do realize what I'm saying here, but the wine selection also has much to be desired, especially for the $8-$9 per 70's style small goblet that they charge for it. I get it, I get it -- again, it's a beer bar. However, I have stomach sensitivity when it comes to beer and I don't think it's too much to ask that my husband and I can go someplace where he can have a good craft beer and I can have a nice glass of wine, as we can countless other beer-centric places in the city -- Johnny Brenda's, Prohibition, Memphis Taproom, POPE, to name a few. It's just disappointing that Local 44 is really the only place we have like this in West Philly, and it's not, well, "better." C'mon guys... Can't you set the bar just a bit higher?This is an awesome place for a burger and a beer in West Philly.  Their beer least showcases many different styles, which means there is something for everyone.  I'm pretty sure the prices for a pint top out around 5 or 6 bucks and you can even order tastes of beers, which is cool because it might be the only way you could make it through the 30+ selections in a sitting.
The burgers are WONDERFUL.  Mine latest came a perfectly cooked medium-rare with sauteed mushrooms and bleu cheese.  It was juicy as hell and embarassing to eat.  In other words perfect and the kind of thing you wished you were eating in the privacy of your own home.  Fries were a knockout too.
Next time out I'm gonna have to try the mini-corn dogs.  They looked slammin'.Local 44 is my go-to place in West Philly, and the friendly bartenders even know my name at this point.  While it is a bit on the more expensive side, the draught beer list is long, high quality, and constantly changing.
You go to Local 44 for the beer, but the food is not to be missed, either.  The hamburgers are delicious, and so are the fried olives appetizer, but the brunch is really where it's at.  After a late night, the blue cheese omelet and a bloody Mary really hits the spot.Upscale hipster divey feel.  Nice bottle shop next door with a pretty unique selection.  We hit happy hour, which offers $3 local brews that are normally $6 or less.  All the higher (tastier) ABV stuff i still regular price.  The pours seem a little smaller, maybe 12 oz vs. normal 16oz.  We picked a couple things off the happy hour menu: nuggets and fries.   We were under the impression the nuggets were going to be chicken, but ended up being seitan.  Still, they were probably the best seitan snack I've ever had.  Nice crispy skin, sweet and spicy sauce.  Their fries were delcious.  Piping hot with their own dipping sauce, some kind of aioli.  Would definitely hit up happy hour again and they have a good selection of beers to choose from.Went back yet again -- this time with my kids because a friend wanted to meet there for dinner. This time I ate, which was A HORRIBLE MISTAKE. I had the General Tso's Tofu, which consisted of 90% rice, 8% breaded and fried tofu, and 2% greens, covered in a sauce that tasted like salty corn syrup. Also weird that in this neighborhood, where you can't step outside without tripping over a wee one, there's no kids' menu. Grrrrrr.
Also, since my last update, covering just the beer and complaining that the bartenders never serve a full pint, one of the owners sent a message saying:
***"We do serve our beers with an inch of head for the sake of presentation and aromatics."***
Problem is: THAT ISN'T A PINT. That's 12 oz (http://www.thebeergauge.com/). If "an inch of head" is important to you (and, frankly, it should only be if you're drinking a stout), then the owner should purchase larger glasses -- glasses that allow a full pint of beer with some room at the top.
It all comes down to this: the General Tso's Tofu aka Bowl of Rice, the middling beer pours --- this place is cutting every possible corner it can. Anything to get folks to pay for something they're not getting. How is that not insulting? (Let's not even talk about how their bottle shop is the only beer take-out shop in the neighborhood not to include tax in the sticker price.)
But, really, I'm the butt of this joke. I love beer, Local 44 usually has at least one good IPA on tap, & it's around the corner -- so I hate it but I keep coming back.I had my first dining experience at Local 44 last night, and it was miserable. I have heard good things, but my fiance went months ago and warned me about it. I finally convinved her to return with me. What a mistake.
First of all, the beer selection is excellent, but the staff needs to be better informed of what the beers are like. My fiance ordered a sour beer from the menu and asked our waitress its degree of sourness. She said not very sour, so my fiance ordered it. However, the beer was undrinkably, jaw-tinglingly, stomach-upsettingly sour. My fiance asked to exchange it for the other one but was informed that they can't refund beer, and the waitress refused to comp the replacement. However, she happily took the beer to dispose it it--all $8 down the drain.
The food was miserable for the price. I ordered the $12 Nicoise sandwich, which advertised tuna, capers, anchovy mayo, and microgreens. What arrived was a baguette with some flecks of tuna, roughly one caper, and then filled out with 99% greens. It appears that some pre-made mix of the entire contents of the sandwich aside from the greens was scraped across one side like light mayo. Barely a sandwich, and certainly not worth $12.
My fiance ordered another sandwich, the Vegetarian Pastrami Reuben, which delivered on how it was advertised, but was rather dry--I imagine a reuben dripping with Russian dressing mixed with the saurkraut. Again, the russian dressing--the main attraction--was simply scraped across one piece of bread and barely there. The saurkraut came right out of the can, soaking some of the sandwich in watery vinegar. The seitan was pretty good, though.
However, she ordered the sandwich with fries. Came out with microgreens. Then, it took about 45 minutes to get a side of fries to the table.
My fiance was right. This place is a joke. I'm never going back (for food).I dislike going to bars, I really do.  There isn't much about the atmosphere that I find charming or fun about them.  I go to bars with friends, because other people tend to enjoy them.  Really enjoy them!  And company is the best reason to be anywhere!  
Company was the reason to be at Local 44 this evening.  A good friend, and regular, was having a going away party here.  I arrived during happy hour on a Thursday, trying to escape the heat and being extremely early for the get-together.  It was busy, noisy, and I was alone.  Despite all this, I quickly discovered why Local 44 came so highly recommended.  Nice guy Nate (yes, that is his nickname) took care of me, and made good on his namesake.  
While I was waiting to be helped something small and amazing happened.  A pet peeve of mine is that in many places like this music is played.  Often times it's extremely loud and makes conversation painful.  From out of nowhere, the music came on, as if on an automatic timer.  The volume level of people speaking around the bar went up instantly and considerably.  It was unpleasant.  The bartenders took a moment to discuss this and shut it off, without me or anyone else complaining to them.  Respect given!
Shortly after that, the menu was given to me.  It was small, pretty standard bar fare, pleasure foods.  However it was peppered with unusual selections, clearly labelled vegetarian or vegan.  I'm neither of these things, but that earned my respect, and I opted to try the vegan "general tso's tofu".   Which, by the way, was awesome!  Gradually, I was able to soak in the atmosphere, where I noticed the long list of beer on tap.   One of the reasons I usually avoid bars is that I don't drink beer or wine.  All the same, their on tap list is impressive, lots of new and exciting things for the connoisseur.  Local 44 also has the advantage of owning and operating the bottle shop next door, so whatever they don't have on tap can be requested, giving you a huge selection of beers from around the world.  
Eventually friends did start rolling in.  Because this was a goodbye party for a regular customer, i got to meet and chat with a few of the staff.  We had more to say to each other at that point, but my experience didn't change suddenly from the point where I was just a customer.    These were naturally easygoing, pleasant people, and I'm happy to have had a chance to meet them, and be a patron to their fine establishment.  
This is definitely a place I will share with and recommend to friends!I am so glad this place came into my life last year.  Finally an awesome bar in West Philly that's just a little to far for the Penn undergrads to go to.  
Their beer selection is out of this world.  And I love that it's always changing.  It's like the gift that keeps on giving.
My friends and I often show up for dinner.  The standard bar fare is a little bit more upscale and interesting here.  You can build your own burger, enjoy mini corn dogs, or dive into some tzatiki dip.  The burgers and wings are some of the best in the city.  
The bartenders are crazy good at their job and super friendly.  I have never seen them work as hard as they did last sunday at Quizzo.  They put the energizer bunny to shame.
I've gotten over the fact that it's a total west philly hipster bar.  Nothing unites people better than mood lighting, great food, and great beer.It's tough to put down a place that fills you up with good food, great beer, and homey ambiance. Local 44 will be West Philadelphia's new watering hole. And I say this in all respect to a place like Fiume, but imagine their beer selection, only on tap. 
Finally, a good burger has been found out west. And of course, the juke box has and excellent selection. If you want to beat the crowd, hit it up for lunch, you get one on one attention from the bartender and a thorough explanations of the menu.One of my good friends from college has made it her life's mission to get everyone she knows to move to the City of Brotherly Love, and I have to say, she and Philly are making a very good case, particularly West Philly.  Everyone lives in these gorgeous old houses with original woodwork and like 9 bedrooms, and they paid what what would MAYBE get you a 600 sq-ft studio here in NY.  Maybe.  There are all kinds of cool bars and restaurants within walking distance (v important to potential NY ex-pats), and on my most recent visit, we walked to Local 44.
Local 44 is the kind of bar everyone wants to be able to walk to.  It's laid-back but not divey, and feels like somewhere you'd go knowing that some of your friends and/or neighbors were bound to show up, too.  They've got an intimidatingly well-thought out selection of local beers and micro-brews on tap, each listed alongside its alcohol content for those of you who make decisions based on buzz potential. What's not intimidating are the prices--almost all beers were $4 or $5!  This...this I like.
To wash down my $4 beer, we picked out a couple of snacks from the menu--shrimp tacos and corn dogs (very hip in NY right now, too).  Holy moly, these shrimp tacos were some of the absolute best I've had EVER, and this isn't even a Mexican joint!  The corn tortillas were warm and fresh (possibly hand made?), the shrimp nice and juicy, and everything was drizzled with a spicy cilantro cream that had a genuine kick.  The $5 corn dog plate went above and beyond what any corn dog plate could even aspire to be--EIGHT plump fritters, with crispy, sweet cornbread on the outside and super-juicy dog bites on the inside.  Elettaria, are you and your sad, lone corn dog snack listening?
If I do make the big move to the 6th borough, it won't be for a year or two, and will depend on me getting a fancy professor job in the neuroscience department at Penn, Haverford, Swarthmore, etc.  In the meantime, I have two things to ask of you West Philadelphians:
1.  Please keep patronizing Local 44 so it's still in business when I get there.
2.  If you happen to know anyone in the neuroscience department at Penn, Haverford, Swarthmore, etc, shoot me a PM, yes?  Kthxbye.I was here for dinner and a drink with my mom and bf. We were seated quickly without calling ahead and the service was great. I ordered a burger with onions, bacon and cheese (5/5 stars) which was easily the best burger I've had in university city. The bread had garlic butter on it and was perfectly toasted. My gin and tonic was also delicious and reasonably priced. The beer list was awesome, as were my moms mini corn dogs (4/5 stars). I felt they might have had a little too much batter, but I'm no corn dog expert either. 
The vibe was good too, somewhat noisy but laid back and not so noisy that you couldn't hear your companion(s). 
I'll definitely be coming back for dinner or to watch a game at the bar, it was refreshing to see real people rather than the college students that flood bars nearby.Nice cozy environment with great food and a large beer selection. Had the turkey burger and it was bombLocal 44 has by far the best beer selection to be found in west Philly. The staff are very friendly and always have good suggestions about food and beer. Also, if you sign up for their email list, you'll occasionally get midday emails telling you that they're selling one of their beers for a dollar a pint until they run out. Be ready to leave work!Wow I hadn't realized I've never reviewed this place. I've lived in Philly for 8 years, and frequented it here or there for the past couple of years.
Yelpers are right -- beer they have that down pat. I love seeing what they have on cask, and their drafts are constantly rotating. I had an awesome double IPA and "Christmas bomb" yesterday which were both delicious. for an 8% beer priced at $6 really is not half bad.
Food -- I'm happy to say all the food I've gotten here has been good. I was sad to read about the inconsistencies that have been occurring on the kitchen end from other yelpers over the past year or two. I went in last night with an open mind to see how the kitchen would serve me. 
I got their gnocchi -- and I am a gnocchi FREAK. This is one of the better ones I've had. The gnocchi was so soft and pillowy, the little bit of honey was a nice sweet touch, and the squash rocked with flavor. There was a nice flavor that almost reminded me of their brussel sprouts which are also good!
My boyfriend loves their seitan nuggets, and he is by no means a vegan.. not even close. I've also gotten the fried chicken and waffles, and the bone marrow in the past. 
Please continue to do what you've been doing! Good food, good beer.. and your neighborhood will continue to love you! Keep it up Local!This place does have a hipster like vibe but I think thats what makes the bar great. It's not in a location where you would expect many bars to be around at. However when you are inside you are faced with some great selections of beer to go along with some great food. They serve some great microbrews and would highly recommend their fried Brussels sprouts!My go-to spot in the neighborhood! The cheeseburger, seitan nuggets, and Vietnamese wings are awesome, as is the selection of local drafts that changes regularly. If you come for trivia on Sunday night, be prepared for a packed house.The beer is great here, and the servers/bartenders know their brews and what you might like, as well. Got great recommendations.
The food, however, is not my cuppa. Definitely not a "gastropub" or even a place where, if drunk, I'd want to order any food at all.
Though their menu is bold, the tastes were bland or overseasoned, and the prices for such low quality were laughable. I will go here when it's not overcrowded, endeavor not to sit in the super dark and grim interior, and have a beer.
Maybe.Sweet a local bar within walking distance of my place in W. Philly! No more having to trek to University City or Center City for drinks.
This place is amazing, as they have about 15 beers on tap. I went with the Dogfish ($5.50) and treated my roommate to two drinks for his bday.  I could easily get the attention of the bar tender, despite the high volume of people in the restaurant.
A lot of folks seem to be checking this place out, as it was pretty crowded....but as long as they have a good selection of beer (any maybe more women...) I am a happy camperLove that hits place is just a few blocks from my office - it's got great beer, a wonderful staff, and amazing food! A fantastic place in West Philly / 44th Street corridor.Beer good, food is better than your average bar delight-- but oily, greedy and .. Yes, filling. Not yummy, but portion diEs are definitely huge. Drinks, reasonable-- definitely worth a try!Like Erin G., I had been awaiting the opening of this place for some time, walking past on my way home from work to check out the progress toward the end of december, hoping that one day I would be able to walk 10 minutes and saddle up to a heavenly beer bar.
My friend Pearce and I went in on Jan. 1st to taste the beer and sample some food and we were not disappointed.  Russian River Blind Pig, my favorite IPA at the moment was on tap as well as 19 other intriguing brews.  We tried samples of the veggie burger, outfitted with two patties in a very smart move, the corn dog bites which were yummy and some tasty fries.  
Yesterday I stopped in for an after work drink with my friends Duwayne and Julia and we had Hop Wallop on cask (yeehoo!) and I had an Elysian IPA that was so-so.  We tried the tofu tacos which were good except the tofu was a little plain.  I told Brendan when he asked me if there was anything I would change about them that I would marinate them (Duwayne had actually suggested it) and Brendan thanked me and said I was the second person who told him that.
All signs point to success, I would say.  One thing I would like to see is some sort of happy hour, $1 off or maybe a redhead happy hour like they have at Memphis.  Go readheads!  I will certainly be back in to sample more of the menu and help empty more kegs.  Hooray!Local 44 is an easy option for me because I'm just a hop, skip and a jump away, but they can be a little difficult about seating you or a bit overeager to rush you out as soon as you stop eating food. I've been with friends several times and like both the atmosphere and the eats, I just don't appreciate being told I need to vacate my table if all I'm going to be doing is continue to drink beers with friends. When this happens we just leave.I'd say this place is probably a 3.5 in my book, but the many vegan and vegetarian options pushes it up to a 4. The tricky thing about this place is that there are some things that are really good, some that are ok, and some that just really don't cut it. So you have to be careful when you order (especially the vegan/veg stuff - i think the meat is generally consistent)
The good:
scallion hushpuppies
smoked bbq tofu hoagie
the average:
pastrami spiced seitan reuben
the not so good:
spicy seitan nuggets
people also seem to like this place for brunch, but I've never been. Maybe next time I'm in philly i'll check it out!Great selection of beers at great prices, and awesome food too! Their fries are great, their poboy, I've loved everything I've tried here. Only this is that this place gets PACKED, so it's nearly impossible to get a seat, at the bar or in the dining area. Still, so worth it.Best bet if you're looking for some decent beer, but not food.  It's a bar, and they have bar food, but it's pretty forgettable.  I literally can't remember what I've eaten.  Something in the hot dog family, I think.  Maybe wrapped in something?  And fries, I guess.  
The Sunday night Quizzo is excellent, but it's packed now that the word's got out, so if you want to play, get there early with your team so you can get a seat in the dining area.  Otherwise you might be banished to the open spot near the bathroom.This place is awesome for veggie fans (and others too!).  I went there for brunch and ordered the goat cheese gnocchi.  It was served with mushrooms and topped with a fried egg.  So amazing.  Beer selection is mostly local (thus the name....) and is ok.good vegan options, knowledgeable staffLocal 44 gets a quick two thumbs up from me!
The food:
Chicken Wings with a not very spicy but interestingly sweet glaze.
A delicious burger with cheddar, bacon and a fried egg(!).
The drinks:
Bear Republic XP Pale Ale
Ommegang Hennepin
Victory Hop Wallop (cask)
Yards Brawler (cask)
Victory Prima Pils (a solid finishing beer)
The place is definitely going to be a road block for a while, what with there not being many other options in West Philly, but if you can come a little off-hours, it is definitely worth a trip!  I can't wait to see how the menu and beer list develop over time.So far, so good. Local 44 comes highly anticipated which is probably why it has been so incredibly crowded. I don't mind, though. It's great to see so many people from the neighborhood hanging out together. The beer list is incredible - and I'm afraid that the Raison D'Etre brew may become my new raison d'etre. I haven't tried the food yet, but my friend said her BLT was the best ever. And the homemade sweet potato chips looked pretty, well, sweet. I wish there were more places to sit, but for now I'm just so happy it's finally open. Keep it coming, Local 44!It's all right. Very low-key, relaxed atmosphere -- just too low-key and dim-lit for me. The atmosphere wasn't lively enough, even a bit boring for me. I got goat cheese gnocchi with mushrooms -- the gnocchi was pretty good, but I wasn't a fan of the type of mushroom that was in it (wild mushrooms? It has long, thin stems. Portobello mushrooms would have been a far better pair with the gnocchi). The beer list didn't impress me -- I'm a stout lover, and there isn't a lot of stouts or even dark ales here. Service was good though.Had the 44 burger. It was really tasty. Extra dollar for pickle and bacon, little expensive. A must try for anyone in Philadelphia.I found this location using Yelp, and was very satisfied. I visited here on Monday at about 245pm. The bartender was very kind and greeted me immediately.  I had a pint and the Buffalo Wings. The pint was very good and the Buffalo wings were really delicious. The wings were great quality, with a lot of meat and cooked perfectly, and the Buffalo Sauce was exceptional. There was a dipping sauce that accompanied the wings, but it wasn't really needed. Between the kindness of the bartender and the great quality of the food and drink, I really enjoyed my visit here and will stop in again next time I'm in town.Been here a couple times for lunch and a couple times for after work beers. Only once had i acturally tried every draft they had before, so today when i went in i was happy to see a long list of things i had never heard off.
The bartender was nice, the air conditioning wonderful, and while my sandwich was ok my friend salad pita thing would have been better if the cucumbers and what not were cut smaller or the pita was larger
Mostly I enjoyed myself because it's no longer kellianne
I also appericaited at the bottom of the menu where it asked people basicly not to camp out at tables if someone else is waiting.Review is for the Bar section only. Stop by petty late last night for a quick drink with friends. Very friendly environment. Good selection of drinks and excellent service.did I mention the fried brussel sprouts? Loved it.This spot has a couple of things going for it: it's conveniently close to me and has a nice selection of craft beer. 
Aside from that, though, there isn't too much else to rave about. The food is decent, but not above average, and the staff are unfriendly. They seem constantly annoyed that we were blocking their path. We were just standing at the bar because there's hardly anywhere to sit. I'm also confused why their layout involves them walking through the entire path of the bar.
This is a decent bar, but it certainly isn't enjoyable when it gets crowded...which seems to be nearly anytime I'm there.though the local 44 has a wonderful beer list, i was on the whole, not impressed.
the couple nights i've been here with a friend who lives in west philly, it was quite crowded.  which is great for their business!  but not necessarily for us.  the service seemed curt and rushed.  i understand they want to get as many folks eating and through the door as possible, but really?  did you have to make me feel like public enemy # 1 for sitting at a table?  i think not.  if you want to retain your customer base, treat them like you want them back, not like another cog in the machine.  if i like your food enough, i'll put up with waiting for a table, it's not a big deal!
despite all of that, the fries were tasty, along with my cuban sandwich.  and the beer?  of course it was wonderful!  
i'll be back for the sole reason that it's the only decent bar within walking distance of my friend's home.  but i hope they work out some of the service kinks, because it has such wonderful potential.Fantastic beer selection, rivals or even surpasses Monk's on the other side of the river.  Go with the local beer and go adventurous--you can afford it because UNLIKE Monk's, a beer will run you 4-6 a pint here.
I didn't give them 5 stars for two reasons: one,  it's very, very loud--even at lunch when the place isn't half full.  two, the food is good, but not up to the omg soooo good mussels and fries you can get at a place like Monks.
That said, the fries are pretty awesome, the tacos decent, the Greek salad is good if pricey, and my husband likes the Cuban sandwich.  The fried mushroom po'boy and the BLT are too heavy and not so tasty.Sadly, Local 44 has changed ownership and gone downhill.  The menu has changed (but not for the better), the wait staff is downright dopey (they don't ask about refills, they forgot about one of my party entirely).  I think they're sailing on the laurels of the previous owners...and their location (because they're the only game in this neighborhood).  I'm not going back - unless they change owners again.I have such mixed feelings about this place! They have an EXCELLENT rotating selection of craft beers on tap, at really pretty decent prices. I love the decor inside, there's always a great graduate student and other late-20s crowd and they have a fun quizzo on Sunday nights. 
My real problem with them is with the restaurant part. This place is reeeally small, and they have it semi-divided into a bar section and a restaurant section. You can't sit at the tables unless you're going to order food (and unless your ENTIRE party is there-- they are rudely strict about this). In my opinion, there just isn't enough space for this. It makes it so that the bar is always too crowded, and in my opinion the food does NOT merit having the majority of space given up for it. It's mostly fancified pub food for exorbitant prices, and we've been disappointed with a lot of it. 
I think the problem is that they give you attitude when you treat the restaurant section like a bar, but the space is so small you can't help it. Then, once you decide "ok, we'll treat this like a restaurant," the food is just pub food and you wish you'd eaten at the bar where you could tip the friendly bartender instead of rude waitress. 
I repeat, I really love the beer selection here and I love having it in the neighborhood so we don't have to go to undergrad bars. I just wish they would commit to being an awesome bar instead of a kind of crappy restaurant!I went here with a friend shortly after lunch time. There were only a few other people there who seemed to be mostly lunch regulars. Their draft list is exceptional and you won't find most of it at other bars. 
My friend and I each got three drinks but didn't get any food despite how great it smelled when some walked by for another table. The large screen behind the bar at the Phillies Spring training game on which was great. 
The tab for 6 drinks was just above $30, most drinks there are under $5 . By time we left we were the only customers left.  I will definitely be back again, hopefully a similarly uncrowded time.Local 44 is a west Philly gem.  If you appreciate good beer, then you need to make your way out to Local 44.  They have a great rotating tap selection, their food is interesting (rotates also) and delicious, and nothing is too expensive.
Why not 5 stars?  This place is pretty tiny so when it gets crowded you're really cramped and the service is extremely hit or miss.
I was there with a local and he had a card to swipe to get him discounts every x amount of beers.  That could be a great perk.Local 44 has a great ambience to it.  I was surprised by the menu. It seemed like the type of place that would have generic bar food, but the menu was full of inventive and daring combinations.  Definitely a good neighborhood spot with a solid beer selection.Fantastic beer selection, great pub grub, awesome service.
The only drawback is that it can get a bit crowded.  The first time I went we couldn't find a place to sit, so stood at one of the wall extensions behind the bar and had a beer.  We would have eaten, but ended up having a beer and leaving.
The second visit we went a little earlier and got a good table.  We ordered an array of food, and everything was delicious.  From the beet salad to the catfish sandwich, everything was awesome.  This was back in October, and based on the fact that I can't seem to find the same food, it appears that they rotate the menu fairly often.
Recommended for anyone who enjoys great food and a good beer selection.  The servers were also very knowledgeable about the food and able to recommend good beers based on your preference.After watching a film about Clarice Precious Jones' sordid youth, I thought it appropriate to lift the mood by treating my friends to beers and tales of my fleeting, whimsical childhood. One littered with stories of summers spent in South Beach under the watch of my 45-year-old, pothead best friend, one spent basking under the Miami sun giving .50 cents to boys in exchange for their affection, one filled with treehouse clubs and motorcycle rides.
Local 44 is just the place with brews as eccentric as my salad days.A cool spot! Lots of local craft brews to try and, although we didn't participate, we were there in trivia night which was cool.I really love this place. The beer selection is wonderful, and every waitress/waiter I've had has been able to recommend something delicious to me and been able to steer me away from beers that I won't like. I sincerely appreciate that!
Translation: They know their beer.
The menu changes often. I'm not a huge fan of it right now, and I keep hoping that they'll bring back the tofu or shrimp or fish tacos which were outstanding. When they do, I'll rave about the food, too.
The new veggie burger is okay. I'm not a huge fan of black bean burgers in general because of their tendency to be mushy.
I appreciate their request that if you're done with your meal and going to stay and drink, that you move to the bar area. I like to sit when I'm eating. :) And I expect others do as well, so I have no issues with moving.
Yay for Local 44!A friend and I went here to celebrate a small victory and both really enjoyed our meal. We went at 6PM to take advantage of the weekday 5-7 PM happy hour ($3 for local drafts). I had the red beet veggie burger which I thought was good and creative. It did not blow my mind. My friend had the cubano and was pleased but also not alerting the media.
Pros
-I was impressed that the local draft list was long and tasty. I had the Dogfish Head Namaste -- so delicious. My friend has two beers that he also enjoyed.
-We had the chili oil brussel sprouts for $4 and they were as delicious as they sounded. We both love brussell sprouts and like seeing them done well. 
-Service was attentive, knowledgeable about beer and the menu, and food came out fast.
Cons
-The pours were small, making the $3 feel a little less like a crazy deal. That said, I would go back and still think it's a deal because we were indeed ordering the more "fancy" of the local beers. 
-My side salad was tasty but way overdressed. It's the little things...
-The place was super loud. The bar area may have been better, but the dining room was really loud. 
Overall
-Good, hot, well-priced food and good beer. Very loud dining room so not the best go-to weeknight restaurant with your boo or your bestie, but worth trying.Yes. Great crowd. Great service. Dine and cider is great. Definitely recommend some of the burgers too. Nice selection of beer they have on the wall too and though there was one waitress who was a little grumpy, it was a great meeting place for me and some of my friends. Double dates here too are also cute, private room is a nice touch.Local 44 is my neighborhood bar, and I have spent many nights here with friends or family, sharing a drink or a meal. It's the perfect setting for a casual drink or a quick (and delicious) meal.
They seriously know their beer. They will make recommendations, answer questions, pour a taste, etc.
Food is always really reliably delicious. The menu isn't huge, but it has some very consistent standouts (which have come and gone over the last few years.) Some of my favorites are the seitan nuggets, fried brussels sprouts, pastrami spiced seitan reuben, cheeseburger, and mac and cheese. Sometimes they have a special cubano sandwich, which is also great.
They have a lot of options for every type of diner: omnivore, vegetarian, vegan. I typically order the Seitan reuben (even though I'm an omnivore) - it's insanely delicious. The seitan is smoky and flavorful. While the fries are always delicious, I usually opt for whatever salad they are offering that day (vegan coleslaw, green salad, pasta salad, potato salad, etc.)
Perfect neighborhood spot. Proud to have them in my neighborhood!Terrific food, terrific service, great atmosphere. The waitress knew her beers and made good recommendations to everyone at our table. small bar, but smoothly seated our party of 14. I even asked a server how she held multiple glasses in one hand, and she took the time to show me how to do it in the middle of a busy Saturday night. The menu is diverse and eclectic. Boiled peanuts left a little to be desired, but everything else was good. Burger, Cuban sandwich, fries, hush puppies were all great. Someone at my table spoke highly of the beef on weck also. Highly recommend this place.Just because the wings are great and Clarkville sucks!! Go at happy hour, you can get wings, beer, fries for under $15 total!I don't know what happened, but on my latest brunch jaunt here, there was a serious drop in the quality of the food (and drinks).
I had a Bloody Mary that was really not great. The BBQ tofu scramble was not good. The BBQ sauce did not work for me at all. And the scrapple was too dry and over-fried.
Disappointing. I'm hoping it was a one-off bad day.Favorite place in West Philly! The Local 44 Duet is the best beer I've had in a while, and you can't beat the price for happy hour. I've had the beet and quinoa burger three times now, and it still remains my go to (highly recommended). Additionally, it's the perfect place for either a date or a night out with friends - speaks to the greatness of Local 44.I recently came to Local 44 for drinks and a snack on a weekday. The servers are very knowledgeable about the beers they have and are always ready to provide a recommendation. I gave our server my taste preferences and she recommended an awesome Colsch. My friend is a beer aficionado and he could certainly attest to the expertise of the staff here. We also ordered the Mac and Cheese which was delicious! The serving was sizeable for $11 and easily shared. The atmosphere is really laid back and is a great addition to the row of places on 44th (Honest Tom's, Lil Pop Shop). Their bottle bar right next door was open until midnight which was an added bonus! We stopped by after and were impressed with their selection. If you're in the mood for a laid back evening, definitely check out Local 44!
I want to come back for their brunch, which I've heard is really good!Two things would make me like Local 44 a bit better - better views of the TV and lower prices.
See, 44 is one of my go-to spots for watching the Phillies. It's close to home, has a great beer selection, and usually has a good crowd of fans. It's a great place to stop by, grab a drink or two, and meet new people while sitting at the bar screaming at Ryan Howard to hit something already. It's also one of the few bars I've been in where I can go in on my own as a 20-something female and not have anyone creep me out. However, there aren't that many seat that have a good view of the flatscreen, so most people end up craning their necks or standing awkwardly behind someone else's barstool.
And their food is great! There's something on the menu now that is basically chicken fried mushrooms - the vegetarianess of portabellas with the crispy goodness of fried chicken. I could eat them every day, if they weren't $11 an order. Really, that's more than the burgers and I just can't justify that. For bar food and a few drinks, 44 is consistently one of the higher bar tabs I rack up in an evening.
Local 44 is also pretty good for a group, assuming you get there at the right time to snag a booth. Be warned, though, it can get a little loud when Philly sports teams are playing (which can be said about pretty much every bar around town, I feel - but I point it out because someone next to me was complaining last time I was there).
All in all, a great place to meet some people, hang out for a bit and grab a bite. Just don't choose it as your go-to bar that often, or you'll end up breaking the bank.They have AMAZING (although strange) food, and their beer selection is incredible. I've never had a beer I didn't like here. 
Advice: if they have any kind of pickled eggs currently on the appetizer menu, get it. The sriracha pickled eggs they used to have were amazing, and the beet pickled eggs I had last week were really good. Anything mac and cheese there is also amazing, and the hush puppies... and basically everything, yeah. 
Definitely not a normal gastro-pub.More formal than I look for in a bar, and our bartender was aloof and inattentive. Decent beer selection. The real prize is the bottle shop next door. I suggest just getting a six pack from their amazing selection and going elsewhere.We've been coming here over the past couple years and it has become quite apparent that the quality of the food they serve has consistently improved. 
Aside from offering a really good selection of draft beers/ales, they really do have some fantastic bar food. 
Roasted Brussels sprouts. Trust me. These are Brussels sprouts that kids would eat. In fact, you might even fight some kids for these. Balsamic glaze, roasted perfectly. Amazing with beer. Git 'em done. 5/5
Red hot eye wings. Ummm. I think my favorite flavored wings in the city. Now I imagine there are many I haven't tried yet but seriously. What an amazing blend of flavor - coffee, cola, and sriracha - ummm. Amazingness. 
Fish & chips - pretty good - heavily battered but crispy on the outside, protecting the flaky fish inside. However, what really blew us away was the "mushy peas." Try it once and you'll know what I'm talking about!
Scallion hush puppies. What's not to like about this? It's pretty much a staple here. Very well done. You got some sweet and savory in this one with the mustard maple sauce.Good food and nice servers but the popularity of the veggie food is definitely overrated! Pastrami sandwich,  didnt live up to the hype either!3.5 stars.. Obviously, this place is mainly for the UPenn crowd, but you'll find graduate students and other older people here too.. so it's still within reach of my age demography and I don't feel TOO old coming here.
Anyway, this isn't the bar where things are happening, but I actually really like this place because they do have a large beer list and it's constantly changing.  To me the beer prices are also reasonable and I've been able to find a lot of beers I haven't been able to find elsewhere here, like Kwak, Raison d'tre, etc.  The food is pretty good for a small bar too, and that menu changes periodically too.  It's no culinary masterpiece, but a large enough selection with almost half the menu being vegetarian-friendly.  That makes this place a constant on the local bars we go to.  Plus, the waiters and waitresses are usually pretty caught up on what beers on the large list they have, and can usually make good recommendations if you're not sure what you want.Seor Lanky and I have been waiting for Local 44 with baited breath for months, every since Brendan "Spanky" Hartranft confirmed the rumor of its West Philly opening one Sunday brunch as we gobbled fried pickles at Memphis Taproom. I immediately signed up for the mailing list, I've checked the website obsessively, I've bike past slowly and looked in the windows. Finally. Finally, Local 44 has opening in my beloved neighborhood, West Philly. A visit was the first thing on my "To-Do" list when I returned to Philadelphia after the holidays. 
In my neighborhood - One star. Huge beer list - one star. Veggie Friendly, affordable food - One star. The new neighborhood gathering spot - half a star. And bonus half-star for being such a huge improvement over Kelly Ann's the nasty bar that used to be located in this spot. 
I ordered the spinach croquettes and was surprised when they arrived - they were huge, and more closely resembled a latke, if latkes were made of mashed potatoes. The flavor was light, the inner texture creamy and the outer a contrasting extra crispy deep fried. Topped with a rich vegan cream and herb sauce, I gobbled them up. Since Local 44 is just as much about beer as food (if not more) I drank a perfectly crisp Bear Republic XP Pale Ale.
One of my favorite things about Memphis Taproom, and now Local 44, is their veggie and vegan options. The Oyster (Mushroom) 'Po Boy intrigued me, and I wasn't disappointed. I had forgotten that oyster mushrooms have such a dense, chewy texture and the deep fried breading added even more texture. Tomatoes, cabbage, and some tasty sauce had me hooked. Unfortunately, after devouring the croquettes first, I had to leave most of the huge bread roll and hand-cut fries behind.
Because everyone from the neighborhood seemed to be coming in that night, we were lucky enough to grab some seats at the bar with friends before it filled, and I enjoyed the Maredsous 6, a Belgian ale, and the Victory Hop Wallop, extra-hoppy on cask while I whiled away a wonderful night.  If they would add some fried pickles and a few more veggie sandwiches, I'd be in heavenExactly what a neighborhood bar/restaurant ought to be.  The beer selection is excellent, the food is very good and service is excellent.  It's our go to spot when a burger craving hits but we've also tried the daily specials and found them to be excellent, especially the crab cakes with creamed corn. Our server is usually Melissa and she does an excellent job of describing the beers on tap and gets special thanks for introducing my girlfriend to sour beer which, to my surprise, she really likes.  It's also a fine bar to watch a ballgame or just stop for a drink.I love coming to Local 44 to hang out with friends and catch up over drinks after work. It's just really chill. They have an extensive list of specialty beer and menu that gets updated depending on the season (love it). Their drink list by far outshines their food menu, but grabbing a bite to eat here isn't a bad experience. Their staff is agreeable. They have a really tall bouncer manning the door all the time. Just thought I'd throw that out.Super good burger. Great service. Everyone is so friendly. Not like I remember Philly at all. Large beer selection.Been here a few times over the years with Sunday August 2nd being the most recent.  I had the croques madame and they were excellent.  We also ordered  the sirichia pickled eggs for the table and they were also excellent.  I've previously had the goat cheese gnocchi and it was also excellent.  See a pattern here?  
Aside from the food Local 44's also offers a really nice selection of local and distant draft beers which are reasonably priced and beg to be tasted.  Go check it out! :)Great neighborhood bar! They have a great selection of ever changing craft beer. Their Sunday quizzo is very fun and great for groups. I had the roasted artichoke and the Coffee-Cola wings. Both were absolutely delicious and I will definitely be back for more quizzo and food.You wouldn't think it by simply looking at the place, but Local 44 has a very bold menu. They don't settle for the basic pub fare, which is impressive given how little restaurant competition there is in the Spruce Street stretch. They could get by with the standard burger, pasta, fries, and that token cobb salad. Instead, they push themselves to reinvent the bar food wheel. They have some good vegetarian and vegan options, for one thing, and even the burger has a twist: lamb. 
The lamb burger came highly recommended, but all in all, there were definitely better options on the menu. My mom went with the Roasted Bone Marrow, which was a bold choice and not sure I'd go that route. The Beef on Weck was my dad's choice, and he thought it was decent. The Scallion Hushpuppies were remarkable and the Black Bean Burger looked really good (that would be my choice next time around). 
The last thing would, of course, be the drink selection. While I didn't try any cocktails or mixed drinks, the generous beer selection is scrawled on a chalkboard on the north end of the long bar. The taps are constantly changing and the selection is the best in West Philly, bar none. Nothing about Local 44 is cheap, but it's certainly nice to have it in the area. This place and Dock Street Brewing are rays of light in an otherwise bleak culinary scene. I'd like to give brunch and quizzo a try, so look for a follow-up review soon.Came here for lunch the other day. The place was dead at 2pm, but I didn't mind. The bartendress was very friendly and she kept me entertained. I ordered the fish and chips upon her suggestion and was thoroughly pleased. The batter had a delicious, buttery quality to it and the the fish had a lovely creamy taste. Hard to describe, but I quite enjoyed it. The dish comes with fries and hush puppies which seemed like too many carbs, but still yummy. The fries are hand-cut and well seasoned. The hush puppies were the best I've had above the Mason-Dixon line and I couldn't help but think they'd taste amazing with vanilla ice cream. They've got quite a few of my favorite beers on tap including Allagash White and Monk's Sour Flemish Ale. The atmosphere is very warm with lots of dark wood and I'm sure it's a popular spot in the evening. The bartendress and I got into a conversation about UPenn undergrads trying to sneak in on the weekends and it seems they've got a pretty good system for keeping the wee ones out. Apparently, they've thwarted quite a few wily undergrads with fake ID's. I wouldn't say this place is mainly for UPenn students (whatever their age) but a place that's trying to provide more options for folks north of 40th street. It just so happens that many of those who live in that area are also students or employees of Penn (they are the largest employer in the city afterall). So pop by, grab a beer and a burger, and let the security staff take care of the interlopers.This place gets pretty crowded for happy hour, which is not surprising given the $3 and $4 food menu and $3 local draft offerings. If you're the type who doesn't mind standing while drinking and being in people's way, then the crowds won't be an issue. If you desire a table, just be prepared to wait or stalk the bar high-tops for people who are about to leave during peak hours.
Despite the crowds, the service was friendly and rather quick. The food was just okay, not a place I would recommend for dinner to anyone, but decent if you find yourself hungry while sipping some beers. The beer list was not that extensive, but they did have a nice variety. 
I'd come back if in the area, but I don't see myself hiking across town for the sole purpose of going here.good gastropub with a nice diverse menu.  try the appetizers.I hardly ever get over there but continually one of my favorite draft lists around and they occasionally get some funky stuff on.
The bottle shop is a beast... always delightful shit to be found upstairs.
The food is solid and always has veggie and/or vegan options. Clearly one of the best spots in W Philly, if not the thee.
Of note: Kelsie (sp?) rocks. She's a bad-ass = stellar service.The brunch menu at Local 44 is not that grand, but the food is pretty quality. I had the broccolini (it says it's vegan, but only if you order it without poached egg). I thoroughly enjoyed it and it was a good portion size for me. Someone who is used to bigger brunch portions a la Sabrina's should probably split the broccolini as a side dish with someone else. 
The menu was not standard so don't go if you're expecting pancakes or waffles or loads of meat. It's great for vegetarians though! Other recommendation: the tostado (for meat lovers).Went there last night to support my friend in her Quizzo host audition. Awesome beer selection. 2 cask ales. Fullers London Pride is such a great beer and they have it on draft. The owner seems really cool. And the food, which i didn't have, looked awesome. I really want to head back there for some fish and chips. The only drawback, all the douchey Penn Students. But  it's at 44th and Spruce, so that's to be expected.Man, this place is more trouble than it's worth. I totally get that it's a solid spot for vegans, but with it's snooty service rules (dining tables are for dining, will only seat complete parties- it's a BAR!) and mediocre food, I see no reason to rush back here. The best part of my happy hour experience at Local 44 was $3 60 Minute IPAs on draft. Is there a more flawless beer? I think not.When is Local not a good idea?
1. Their beer selection is fantastic. Last night I had the Green Flash Grand Cru and the 90 minute. They were all bangin, MmMMMmMM. 
2. The service is fabulous. Everyone is super friendly and always up for a chat. Even when I first started going there, everyone was very friendly and I didn't need to become a regular to get the same level of service. Everyone knows their beers and recommendations are right on point. 
3. Snow storms are a great time to go and people watch.The on-tap beer is on par with Monk's for amazingness.  They don't have quite the insane bottled beer list that Monk's does, though.  The food was excellent, although the fries would go well with something a little more interesting that Ketchup.  Ambiance was I think exactly what they were going for--a nice local bar--but a tad on the noisy side when it was all full (as it has been since it opened).  Those of us on the left side of the river now have no reason the cross.If I had my druthers, I'd give this place 3.5 stars, but I don't, so I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and round up. If I'd written this review after my first visit, it would have been an enthusiastic 4 stars, but last night's visit was definitely a 3 star experience.
First, the beer. I've tried 7 beers at Local 44 that I've never had anywhere else, and all but one of them were spectacular. St. Bernardus didn't do it for me, but Allagash White, Franziskaner Dunkel Weisse, Hennepin, and the others were all exceptional. The cask beers are delicious. I disagree with many of the other reviewers who've claimed that the beer is overpriced. $3.30-8.80 is perfectly reasonable in the city for good beer. There are a lot of places nearby where you would pay $4 for a Lager. 
I come from Amherst, MA, home of the Moan and Dove, an exceptional beer bar with hundreds of beers on tap or in bottles. Comparing Local 44 to the Moan and Dove was the only thing that kept me from giving Local five stars. I hope they continue to expand their already large beer list. Moving into the bottled realm is not a bad thing (their website says they've added a bottled beer, though I don't think I saw it on the menu last night). To add to my comment above about beer prices, I checked out the Moan and Dove's online menu to see what they charge, and as far as I can tell Local 44 charges the same or just slightly more than a rural bar in a small town. That's not a bad deal, at all.
I do think the food is moderately overpriced, but what I've had has been very well done. The BLT was messy and cumbersome, but very tasty. My friend gave high marks to his Cuban. The fish tacos are great, and my girlfriend's chili was perfect. I would like to see the entire menu brought down a dollar or so, but I'm going to be going there mostly for the beer anyway.
Reviewers giving low marks because the place was crowded need a reality check. It's been open for less than three weeks. The entire West Philly crowd has descended upon it regularly, and it sounds like people are coming from all over Philly to check it out. It'll calm down in a month or two, and they've got enough space in there to keep it from being too crowded on non-peak times.
The thing that almost brought down my rating after my more recent visit was the service. The first time I went I sat at a half-full bar and had a very enjoyable bartender/waitress, who didn't seem super knowledgeable about the beer but at least had enthusiastic and accurate recommendations. On the second visit, we were seated and served quickly, which was great, but as soon as we put the last bites in our mouths our plates were gone and the check was on the table. No big deal, people were waiting. We thought we'd at least sit until the women finished their beers, but before they got a chance the waiter was leaning over us, collecting every last thing he could grab from our table. We took what was obviously a clear hint, the girls chugged their beers, and we left.  If we'd stayed at our table, we would have ordered another round, but there was no where at or around the bar for four people to get comfortable.  I'm hoping this is the kind of thing that will cease when the crowds die down, but for now I probably won't go back to eat.
High hopes for you, Local 44, though it looks like there are some wrinkles to iron out. I'll be back.Some pals of mine who live in the neighborhood are addicted to Local 44's spicy seitan nuggets. I roll wit cause I'm addicted to $3.30 local drafts during happy hour (5-7 PM). Lovely local beer array- Local 44 has a good beer list. Happy hour- that's the time to go, I say. This dimly lit little joint has those beer specials I mentioned and half price off select appetizers. Good service and good deallys there. Yes, that's the ticket.
Otherwise, the drafts listed up on the chalkboard aren't accompanied by prices and now I scream, "Damn you tulip glasses filled with $7 beers! Daaamn yoooouuu...."
Yeah, I shoulda asked about the prices before gettin all glug glug. *Shakes fist*
Lotsa vegetarian and vegan vittles here. Good to know. Nice jukebox happenin too.
I'll be back between 5-7.