we walked here for dinner last night. very good. we sat at the bar and began to taste. i tried the carnitas and pollo tacos, which were just delicious and so very fresh tasting. g went with the nachos. i stole a couple of chips from the plate which were fine as well.  for drinks i went with the margarita and the regal, g went with 6point ales. the crowd was mixed and the music was good. this is a cash only spot but i understand there is atm on premises. the bartender was friendly and attentive. a good time type of place.My favorite taco joint by far. Been showing off this gem to friends for ages!!! They have the best vegetarian tacos aroundLoco pez easily has the best array of tacos I have come across yet in Philadelphia. They offer dollar tacos once a week (which they change up, announcing when it occurs that day which helps to fray the taco traffic a little). However, when it is dollar taco day, be forewarned that there will be a wait probably upwards of an hour. Trying to go there during happy hour is impossible unless you are there at the start of it. I have found the best times to go for the dollar taco night is going later in the night. The nice thing is that they are located across the street from a bar, which has a good draft list at very reasonable prices, that you can go sit and drink at while you wait. 
My favorite tacos include the chorizo&potato, the carne asada, and the shrimp (tempura?). They also serve their food with a bunch of different hot sauces which are made in house and quite delicious.Love this place. First off it has a cool laid back environment, much like you would expect from a Fishtown restaurant. The variety of meats for the tacos is great. I recommend the shrimp tacos and the pork taco- also can't go wrong with the Kenzo Nachos. It's a fun spot with good food and drink. You definitely won't want to go to Taco Bell after eating here.We've gone three weeks in a row for dinner and have not been disappointed at all. Their margaritas are tasty and strong (rare combination) and their food is great and cheap! We did have to wait a while each time for a table, but we waited at the bar and enjoyed some drinks which passed the time quickly. The homemade hot sauces are a nice touch. The green one is especially spicy and great on their chips. The tacos themselves are small but there is plenty of meat and tons of flavor. Everyone is nice and they work to get you a table as fast as they can. It is cash only, but there's an ATM in the restaurant for those that don't plan ahead. This is a great new neighborhood spot.A nice big place in the neighborhood of Fishtown. Well priced tasty food with a place big enough to accommodate big groups. The setting is very casual and fun.Amazing tacos!! Real good vibe!Awesome Mexican beers selectionThis place is amazing. Only thing I don't like is the area is a lil sketch. Im from california and I know good mexican. Trust me! Loved the three tacos I tried today. Will def be back, esp on their dollar taco nights!Loco Pez is a pretty cool vibe, a little hipster for me, but hey, I live in Fishtown. This food is really good and staff is friendly. A downfall is that it get really crowded, but only on Friday night and weekends usually.This place is chill. Prices can't be beat. They even have a dollar taco night. Great for after work which is what I'm doing right now . Happy hour drinks are on pointThe happy hour margaritas and nachos are awesome. The nachos! The calories are all worth it. The chips are not thick cut, but stay crispy even under the cheese-salsa-guac-meat blanket. 
The $1 tacos are not every day, but announced on Twitter, which sucks for me because I don't Twitter/tweet.
My favorite taco was the Carne Asada out of the Pez, Al Pastor, Chorizo/Potato. The tacos themselves were small, with a decent amount of meat. Tasty, those were.
Seriously, GET THE NACHOS!Visited this place about two weeks ago with my girlfriend. Really liked just about everything. Started with chicken nachos, loved it. Then ordered three tacos, one shrimp, one chicken and one pork. The tacos are tiny but delicious. Well balanced flavors, authentic corn tortillas. The tortilla was a little small for the size of th shrimp in the shrimp taco. But that's my only complaint. My girlfriend liked her margarita. Will be back.Very nice set up.  Booths in back, tables in front.  
Efficient servers, good bartenders...GREAT MARGARITAS.
I really hate to say anymore, because this place is around the corner from my house, and I don't want anyone to know how great it is.
I was hoping to keep it a secret, but as you can see by everyone's review, they hit it out of the park with this one.I feel like I have to review this place since I end up there way more than I'd like to admit. I live pretty much next door, it's dangerous. 
I'll keep it short and sweet: delicious food at a great price point, good drinks, and awesome staff.
Dollar. Tacos. 
Love you Loco Pez. And I'm sure you know it. See you soon.If you're ever up for exploring Philly then please visit this spot in Fishtown. I'll admit, it's hard to get to by public transit. If you get off of the Market-Frankford line (also called the L), then you'll find yourself walking through an area that seems a little sketchy at night. 
Once you get to the restaurant you'll see that it's hopping. People with their booze and food. Keep in mind that it's a small place that gets kind of loud. Really great for the hipster or young crowd (that probably includes me). 
I tried the carne asada, chorizo (of course), and the al pastor. All very delicious. I wish I still lived in Philly just to revisit this place because I didn't go often while I was there.If it was dollar taco night, this might be ok. The food was average at best. Overpriced tacos, the salsa was bland.  I get the draw, but I won't be back.Looking for a late night meal, this is the place to be ! Their Kitchen closes at midnight, margaritas are strong  and the tacos are everything. I had a shrimp taco and steak tacos. They were delicious. So flavorful and juicy. The margarita was only about 6 dollars and I was feeling nice after drinking 1 . Lol I also had their chips and dip/salsa and it was authentic pico de Gallo  dip. Loved every moment of my late trip to Loco Pez. Their burritos are good as well I've had that previously. It is cash only but if you don't have cash they have an atm.This place was pretty awesome. The hostess, the waitress and the guy who delivered our food made this experience awesome for us. The food was so good. We got nachos and they were huge and filling. The atmosphere was pretty cool and we felt relaxed while eating. The only downfall of our experience was the beginning when a girl who works there as well told the hostess off by asking her why she sat people right next to her which made it uncomfortable in the beginning. Other than that, I would recommend this little place to anyone.Nachos de Kenzo is easily the greatest thing ever created on this earth. Awesome staff doesn't hurt.Loco Pez rocks!  Be sure to try the Nachos de Kenzo. Never disappointed in the many, many times I've been there for grubbage and cervazas. Special shout out to Colleen, an excellent server who never let's us down w/ recommendations and ensures our drinks are always full.I LOVE tacos, so I didn't even hesitate when my friend suggested this as a dinner option last weekend. The interior is pretty simple, with vintage/quirky decorations and a no-fuss atmosphere. 
We started with chips and guac. I can't pinpoint it exactly, but this was some of the best guac I have ever had. It's pretty simple but had a perfectly creamy texture and was very fresh. 
I ordered three different tacos: the chorizo and potato, the cochinita pibil, and the carne asada.   All three were fantastic and offered a variety of fresh flavors. They're on the tiny side, but they're also priced as such so definitely order a few and mix and match flavors. 
The downside? Cash-only... it's 2016. But I guess this minor annoyance is worth it when it comes to good tacos!It's always crowded here, but the tacos are freakin fantastic!  Sorry that I didn't come by here sooner, but the tacos are always delicious and always come out in a timely manner.  Yummylicious!  Running into old friends.  Nice servers as well.
I'd give it five stars, but it is in Philadelphia.  Sorry.Loco Pez is my favorite place to go. It's better than work and closer than the beach. It's only a block from my house, actually. Which makes it extra good.
All the food is delicious. Try their brunch, too!  The only thing I've ever had there that I didn't like was a mescal drink that they promptly replaced after seeing my facial expression.Enjoyed my beef stew special & the margs were top notch. Kiss pinball machine added the 5th starSuper consistent service, cocktails and yummy burritos. The ambiance is perfect--not too kitschy Mexican-themed and not too hipster (despite the neighborhood). If I'm ever in doubt on a night in Fishtown, I know I can depend on Loco Pez.
P.S. KITCHEN IS OPEN UNTIL 1AM OMG LIFE SAVER.Jillian was a great waitress! She made sure me and all my friends were taken care of for a birthday party. Food was delicious as well.I fucking love this place. 
Pros: margaritas that put you on your ass, fresh and flavorful food, attractive staff, incredible happy hour. Plus I can see this place from my front step.
Cons: pretty small so expect to wait, especially if you're going on $1 taco night, they won't deliver margaritas to my house- rude.Went here two times in the past week. Great bar! Great beers on tap, and fabulous margaritas (a little boozy, but I'm not complaining). Had the Nachos De Kenzo with a group of friends which is the only way to enjoy it. It's a landfill of nachos and meats and cheeses. Tacos are delicious as well. I've only eaten the chicken which was fantastic but I hear the shrimp ones are the best. Both times so far, I've eaten the burger which might be one of the best burgers I've ever eaten at a bar. Their secret sauce and jalapeño peppers make the already delicious buttery burger even better. Definitely a place I plan to go often, especially during their dollar taco nightsSo today I decided to try Loco Pez for the first time. I called to place my order over the phone in which I asked for no onions or pico! When I arrived to pick up my food I checked my order only to open up my platter to a brutal smell of onions!!!!! I kindly said " Not to be a pain or anything but I made sure I asked for no onions over the phone! " AT THAT TIME she informed me that the chicken is cooked I onions this was totally unprofessional and a disbelief to me ! I will never visit this Mexican restaurant again !!!!3 stars, would be 5 stars but they MUST get rid
Of the bartender with a mullet. He makes a terrible margarita and is EXTREMELY rude.I have been here several times and I am bit disappointed. Food is mediocre at best, however the drinks are decent. It is a hipster hangout, so it goes without saying that the service is awful. Decor is not as unique as the young artsy clientele here would have you believe. In fact Loco Pez reminds me alot of El Rey in Rittenhouse. 
My suggestion--if you are content with cheap/mediocre food come here. Otherwise go down the road to one of several establishments that have better food.When you walk in don't let the initial smell of the joint fool you. It's the building. And yes - that needed to be clarified by the bartender (Fran - who was awesome!). The food is really tasty. They bring you rice (choice of green or regular - I chose green) and refried beans (the most flavorful refried black beans I've ever had!!!) and it was all fantastic. 
They have a great selection of beers. Victory Golden Monkey bottles? You're a winner in my eyes. 
I tried their chicken and carne asada soft tortilla taco, and the ground beef hard shell taco. In my opinion, the chicken was the winner. Great spice, tender shredded chicken, and a corn tortilla that stood the test of juiceiness - very impressive.
Also tried the Monte Carlo Margarita and it was spicyyyyy. But I loved the color of it, and it didn't  water down as much as you'd expect as I baby-sitted a little bit. Great when you've had a hard day and you neeeeed a margarita to bring you back to your happy place. 
Three stars for the initial response to the atmosphere, but 3.5 for the service, clientele, and the attention to flavor in their meals and drinks.Great tacos at great prices. Easy location, parking is a bit of an issue. Great beer selection! Will be back.Loco Pez, I'm demoting you 2 stars. Sorry, old friend. Your food is still tasty, but it's your atmosphere that I cannot stand. You are far too crowded, and I'm not just saying that. Really, I can't move or stand comfortably within your walls. I wait for at least 30 to 40 minutes for one of your tables. I wanted to keep visiting you Loco Pez, but when there are other tasty Mexican options nearby where I can always get a table, you just aren't worth it anymore.Good service, great food, great drinks! No complaints!!! I had the shrimp and al pastor tacos... I squirted all this great house made green sauce they have on pretty much everything! Can't wait to come backGood place to go if you're in the area. Nice decor. Food is great  Prices are reasonable.Not hard to miss they have a big bright sign despite of the dark streets. Parking here is a hit and miss they have a nice bar friendly staff great selection of drinks food for a 5-6 people or just by twos . You can come here to drink or just eat it's a nice environment for both. The feel is very pub like but way more warm and the food aroma is the air! Makes you hungry! The front of the restaurant is a bar the back is the restaurant. The customer service is awesome! The bartender today was so funny! Nice and he really makes good drinks no complains. 
Now let's talk about the food
Food was so and so I think it's overhyped the pork shoulder and ground pork were so dry!!!!!! So disappointing. The sauces were good but it doesn't compensate for the tasteless dry meat. The fish taco was too fishy!!!!!! I don't know how that happened because ahi tuna on tacos are usually not fishy. The American style taco was passable i just thought that this place will be that good because of the rating.Awesome service and a great atmosphere. The Nachos De Kenso is HUGE and has a lot of flavor.Food is good.   Beer is good.  Atmosphere is good.  Cash only.  I think that sums it up.
Memphis Tap is still my go to spot, but Loco Pez is awesome!Woo-hoo for another neighborhood spot I can walk to! I've tried almost all of the drinks and my favorite is the Monte Carlo, with a nice chipotle spicy kick to it. Nom. The traditional margarita was ok, nothing to freak out about, but tasty.  Beer selection is pretty awesome and they give you a tomato juice concoction as a chaser for tequila shots, kinda rad if you ask me. 
The food is really quite tasty, and the veggie options are plentiful.  You can get tacos (tiny, but three will fill you up pretty nicely), quesadillas, or burritos filled with the two veggie offerings of mushrooms or soy chorizo.  The soy chorizo is super yummy, the mushrooms can be a little bland, so I suggest those in the quesadilla. Combined with the salty cheese they're muy delicioso.  The guacamole was fresh and tasty, as was the pico de gallo that comes with the chips and salsa.  The nachos were a little bland for me, with cheese sort of crumbled on top, and not really melty.  I'd try them again though.  So far the only fail was the burrito.  The tortilla tasted freezer burned and the rice was crunchy.  Could've been an off night, but still.  Your best bet is the tacos.  They're bare bones, with just onion, cilantro, and your filling.  I hate cilantro and am not a fan of the raw onion so I scrape mine onto my husband's plate and the flavor of the chorizo is still enough to satisfy.  
It can get packed on weekends, but with table and bar seating you don't usually have to wait long.  I hope they start serving brunch soon.  HINT HINT. 
Oh and cash only folks, but there's an ATM.Such great Mexican. I love their carne Asada. Hillary is the best waitress. I'm from Oklahoma and there are really good Mexican places all over down there. I had been living in Philly for almost a year when I finally found Loco Pez. This place is legit. Better than back home. Great salsa's, great burrito's, great nachos. It's all good. I can't wait until they expand because if you don't get there at the right time, the wait can be too long. All of the wait staff and bartenders are really nice, just treat them like family and they do the same.Happy hour margs and nachos can not be beat. Probably my favorite restaurant in Philly for that reason alone! I always have a great time at Pez.Stop looking at the menu and order the nachos. Tacos are fine but come on a plate with nothing but a tasty taco. 
Usually pretty loud in hereThis place freaking rocks!!! The little burritos are the bomb and they come proper with the variety of tequila (not even a tequila drinker) 
Oh and the cast of characters and bartenders here make the magic happen... 2 of the 3 times I went there just to have a beer I ended up closing down the bar, waking up on my bathroom floor with my boxer briefs on backwards, and had work the next day both times... I know I participated in some type of dance off/contest and obviously came in fourth but the others cheated... Great spot to let loose.The staff is really nice here, though little bit slow in service. I was super excited about the vegan options including nachos and a couple tacos. The drinks were better than the food.Love to come here on dollar taco night! They're tacos are pretty good and so are their margaritas. Only thing is you have to get there early because it gets PACKED and it's not that big of a place. Would definitely recommend for some quality Mexican food!Nachos don't get better than loco pez's nachos de kenzo.  And the tacos are pretty awesome, too.Solid Tex mex with $4 margs for happy hour. Now I know where I'm going to go on west Philly when I need one. I haven't been to their original location, but this one was nice! It was a good size; they fit in a lot of seats in a smallish space. The decorations are dated, but they add to the character of the whole restaurant. It's pretty loud, and we wished the windows in the front opened up. The service was quick and candid, and their margs were sour, which I really like. You pick from meats and can have tacos, burritos or enchiladas - all at different prices. Definitely no gourmet meal, but it's a great casual spot to meet up with friends for a round or two. I'll definitely be backThey aren't authentic. Doesn't taste like it anyway. The tacos seem commercial grade (not home made?). I can't really say the food is any more than average. Tacos by definition. Chicken ones are the best. They do have speedy service so if you just want to eat and aren't expecting the real deal, these are edible.This place is cash only!!!! But they have a ATM in the other room of the establishment and one across the street. We had the chicken nachos as an app they were ok the chicken taste a little mushy not sure if was sitting or what. I had the carne asada (no idea if I spelled that right)burrito that was really good and filling! I got the red sangria with hibiscus and strawberry,not sure if that was suppose to be like an infused type of thing or they just left it out all together. The shit tasted like this cheap port I used to drink when I was 17 called Taylor's port aka TP if your from the hood! My friends had soda BOOOO! Lol jk! Kind of! They liked their food tho. I was not a fan of the smells in there when I walked to the other room to tap Mac it smelled like vomit! I used the BR and that smelled hella pissy! Loco please do a good cleaning which was the reason for the three stars and that horrid sangria!I made it here once for happy hour. I got the chicken burrito. It was really good. I would def go back.Amazing quality food and drinks (nice tequila selection). Also not expensive! The staff is super friendly. It's quite the trendy place at the moment so the only downfall is the crowds. Expect to wait a while for a table, or even a seat at the bar. Most people aren't aware but they do offer take out. We live close by so it's quite convenient to pick up some of the great food and just have it at home. Ordering for take out never took more that 10 minutes so if you're craving good Mexican fast this is the way to go.Not going to lie, I had my reservations walking in.  This place looks like an old neighborhood dive.  Not much says "mexican" when you first arrive.  But man, great tacos, burritos and do yourself a favor and try the street dog.  Solid tequila list and a friendly staff round out a great spot to try for dinner.I dig me some tacos. I really do. And I dig the Loco Pez. It's a decent spot with good vibes. The staff was friendly all around. I had too many tacos because they were cheap & delicious. They're also smallish, which I like because I can branch out on the variety front. However, their tiny stature can be misleading, making me think I can cram 6 of them into my face after housing a bowl of tortilla soup & some slammin' black beans.  Even after smoking a bowl and showing up ready to get my munch on, I wasn't THAT hungry. But, I finished everything anyway & left sort of uncomfortably full. It's all good though, I had the forethought to wear a skirt with an elastic band so I could just let it all out. Totally worth not sticking to my diet for another day.Great addition to Fishtown.  After three visits we've only tried the tacos and guacamole - fresh and tasty every time with six or so varieties of tacos to choose from.  Tacos come with sides of lime and three house sauces in plastic squeeze bottles.  Margaritas are good and strong and the beer draft selection is pretty good.  Mellow vibe with good music and friendly staff.  Thumbs up.Loco pez serves up some pretty delicious Mexican foods that are pretty authentic. My faves are shrimp tacos, chicken burritos, spicy black beans (side dish) and their fresh guacamole. Their cocktails are also delicious and service is excellent.Me and my girlfriend came here one night to get some margaritas and some food and I have to say I was really impressed, the food was awesome, we were sat right away. I ended up getting a Carne Asada Burrito and it was huge! Enough to share between two people, but I wasn't sharing that night! My girlfriend ended up getting the Pez Tacos and she loved them! I love that we get fresh salsa and chips to munch on while we sit and wait and the service was very good. Our waitress made sure we had drinks and checked on us constantly. It was a nice night out for some good food and some strong drinks after a long week. They're cash only so don't forget to tap mac! We will be back !$1 tacos (seems to usually be tues or weds,  check their Facebook!) that are delicious! My favorite tacos in Philly but they are pretty far from me so I don't get out there often.  Their drinks are decent and they have some cheaper beers,  but I would go here mainly for their tacos,  full or at the discounted price because they are just as delicious either way.  The Camerones tacos are my favorite!Every time I go here I love it. Usually get carne Asada tacos. Just recently tried their quesadilla and it was also very good. Tortilla soup is good just remember to get tortilla on the side so they aren't soggy. Also the margaritas are freshly squeezed.came here for lunch and thought everything was decent. nothing i would rave about, i personally like pancho's down the street way better. 
the tacos were good but too much liquid that the tortillas broke through. the fish was fried perfectly though
the quesadillas are not what you think, they're mostly meat with a little bit of cheese in these almost pita pocket shaped tortillas, not the triangle shape you're used to.
my favorite dish here was probably the guac, it was seasoned perfectly.
all in all, this place is good for some casual tacos with friendsWARNING: the Margaritas are AWESOME! 
I was a little bummed when receiving my tacos, tiny little three biters but the flavors were good.  My husband got an enchilada and it was VERY good! Just a note, if you are hungry go for the burrito or enchilada or order 4+tacos..
I will return for the Margaritas and the NACHOS!! :)The food is decent however the menu is quite limited. The service here is HORRENDOUS!! All the servers walk around with a stick up their booty. A group of 5 girls went after work, we were all laughing the whole time and the waitress didn't crack a smile the whole time. She was also very short with us and unfriendly. Then when the check came she added 20% gratuity. WTF, I could see if we were a large group, but seriously a party of 5 at a dive bar?? The waitress then stated that it was up to the waitresses digression on how much gratuity to add. So apparently this rude waitress thought she was worth 20% added gratuity. Needless to say all the people we work with have decided we will never go back there.Went there for lunch and really wanted to like it based on the great reviews. Service was great. The menu is great with lots of different types of choices for food, tequilas, and beer. We got a good spattering of different things. The chips were fresh and guac was pretty good too. All seemed homemade. Their salsas on the side were flavorful and went well with the chips. I do appreciate you can order than a la carte. We got al pastor, carne asada, fish, and shrimp tacos, pulled pork and chorizo/potato quesadillas.  Unfortunately, the tacos weren't good at all. The al pastor and carne asada were so dry. The al pastor was also topped with a thin quarter slice of pineapple, the ones that come in a ring from a can. Not flavorful, and didn't enhance the al pastor, which is an essential component of that type of meat. The fish and shrimp were batter fried. They were crunchy and not oily, which I appreciate, but the fish had no flavor whatsoever. The shrimp was the only one that was pretty good, but only relative to the others that were sub-par. The flour tortillas were dry around the edges, which didn't help with overall texture and flavor. Thank goodness for the homemade salsas though. The cheese in the quesadillas were pushed to one side and not distributed out well. The pulled pork wasn't bad, but way too salty. Chorizo and potatoes were actually good. We also got the horchata, which was disappointingly water down with no depth or flavor. Unfortunately this isn't the spot for me. There are just way too many other mexican places in Philly with the same divey feel, drink choices, and way better food.Great for happy hour but the dinner food is just eh.  
nachos and margaritas are awesome!This place is simply great.
First, I just want to say two words: mushroom. burrito.
This place is cash only, so hit the ATM before arriving. Their cocktails are pretty delicious and are about $7-8 and food is reasonable. The service is pretty fast and attentive (with the exception of one time out of the 4 times I've been there) and the bartender always has a smile on his face. 
The tacos can be bought individually, but they're pretty small. They're the only thing on the menu that I don't think are worth their price. Did I mention that mushroom burrito? IT IS SO GOOD.Food and drinks were delicious. Service was terrible. Cash only. There is an ATM inside. Cute atmosphereI love this place. Being relatively new to the Fishtown area, I was introduced to this place by a friend and I am so happy I was. The drinks are delicious as well as the tacos. My favorite part is that you can get single tacos so you can mix and match as many as you'd like. The atmosphere is fun.Cold food slopped together. Got my burrito cold. You can tell it was never hot bc the cheese never melted. And all the cheese was on one side. And everything else was on the other. The bottom of the burrito wasn't wrapped up tight and ended up being a sloppy mess. This meal gets one star but others here have been better so I evened it out at a 3. 
Got the pico and chips too. That was pretty good. Would come back again but not for the burrito.Above average Mexican cuisine, Loco Pez flies a bit under the radar due to its location and unassuming exterior. Inside, it's got a cool, grungy feel to it, with a sort street art decor to it. Margaritas were excellent and they weren't shy on the tequila. 
The nachos were enjoyable, but nothing that I thought set them over the top. Nice sized, cheesy portion. The queso fundido was equally delicious but straightforwards- melted cheese and tortillas.
Great variety of tacos, including some veggy options. I thought the soy chorizo was great and the mushroom was truly excellent. The tacos are small, and you'll want to order 3-5 depending on your hunger level. I think if I could find a complaint, some of the tacos are just lacking that mouthwatering flavor burst you find with a truly perfect taco. Still, I will definitely be going back the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
Service was quick and friendly. Dishes were brought and promptly cleared, and our server was pleasant and thorough.I enjoy the tacos here. It is a delicious little place. I like the gran tacos the best.I've only ever been here for dollar taco night, but I've been to a ton! You never know when dollar taco night is going to be, so you have to follow them on fb or twitter. However, it goes on all night until they close at 2am. Great for a late night snack! Tacos are fresh and tasty. Service is always friendly and quick. The place is very small, but I've never felt crowded when sitting at a table. A big downside is that they are cash only. Be prepared for this before you come! Carrying the cash is definitely worth it!! Street parking can be tough, but the restaurant is accessible via the el train.4 tacos 
Carne asada - very good and flavorful 
Chilorio - pulled meat with more of a natural seasoning
Al pastor - chicken tasted kinda grainy and chewy, not a big fan
Chorizo and potato - great spice and kick
Guacamole and chips - mehhhh, I've had better. Tableside guac is where it's at. 
On all of them, added the home sauce of the tomatillo. Can't eat a taco without a good spicy sauce. 
Presentation looked bright and colorful from the garnishes of cilantro and generous amounts of onions. 
Radish on the side with a side of a lime for that zest. 
Located on a corner, as I walked in, ceilings are low and only a foot above my head. Bars on the right with lots of decorations for that festive vibe.
I like tacos, tacos like me...it's a mutual relationship of love that'll withstand longer than some marriages...I joke, I joke. But tacos are something so simple, yet pack a blast of amazingness when you take that first bite. I'd give this place a try.I love this place- the quirky decor is great. The first thing I noticed was the prices, you know you aren't in center city anymore! Tacos are all around $2, and during HH a gigantic plate of nachos are only $4. I would skip the margaritas, I wish they used better ingridients in their standard marg (hello grand marnier!) I would get a dos equis with lime instead. My favorite tacos are the al pastor, carne asada, and shrimp. Brunch here was excellent as well, although the prices are a little more inflated ($5 OJ?!?) I got the fried eggs with  tortilla chips baked with salsa verde, it was delicious, but 2 eggs + chips + salsa should not  = $11. Everyone else had the huevos rancheros and seemed pleased with their heaping plates of comida. Luckily I work nearby, so I can easily get here often, but I highly recommend leaving your center city bubble and making the trek to Kensington!1.  Super glad they have vegan options.  The mushroom taco was really good, but the soy chorizo tasted kind of weird.  I liked the waffle fries, and the guac was tasty.
2.  The vibe is nice.  Music isn't too loud, comfy decor, and a good blend of lots of different types of patrons.  
3.  The thing I loved the most was the chipotle infused tequila with hisbiscus water drink thingy.  Once finals are over, I'm celebrating by drinking 3 of those I think.I had a chicken taco, which while very tiny was really flavorful!  I also had a shrimp burrito, which was very tasty, and quite filling.  
I really loved the decor and vibe of the place.  It smelled a bit because of the renovation, but not too bad. Really nice wait staff.
I am glad to have this place in my neighborhood!If you have a date with Tiny Elvis, you should bring him here. The tacos would be the perfect size for him!soooooo damn goooooddddughhhh. a little pricey.Loco Pez is my favorite bar that happens to serve the best tacos and amazing drinks. The Monte Carlo is my favorite drink to get. The bartenders are friendly, personable and are very attentive. I'm a bartender myself so I have a habit of noticing these types of characteristics when I'm at a bar. You can't beat the dollar taco night they have once a week. I suggest getting their early for a table or a seat at the bar. It gets very crowded on those nights.Went for the first time Saturday night with a friend after hearing numerous people rave about it. I wasn't disappointed. We sat at the bar since there wasn't any tables open and started off with some drinks. I got the diablo margarita which had habenero pepper in it...I'm not too into spicy things and obviously it was SUPER spicy but the bartender recommended it and he was cute coupled with an Australian accent (if I'm remembering correctly) so obviously I would've drank 5 if he recommended I do so.  I haven't had Mexican food in forever and this totally hit the spot. I got enchiladas for the first time and they were WONDERFUL. It was definitely some of the most authentic Mexican food I've had. Also the service was very prompt. The only thing I didn't like was it was a bit cramped. I mean we literally arrived at the perfect time because we actually got a seat...shortly after we arrived people started piling in. It's a really small establishment and it's obviously not just a bar where people would be fine standing around and drinking...it was evident most people were there for the food as much as drinks, so it's kind of like you're eating on top of each other and there's people standing throughout the place waiting to grab a seat. It being such a popular place and becoming seemingly more popular they might want to think of expanding a bit but maybe that's part of their charm. Also I did feel it was a little pricey...I think the food I got was definitely worth it but the drinks were small and expensive and I  don't quite get why. Overall I thought it was pretty good and I'll definitely stop in next time I'm in the neighborhood!Late night dinner.  I've been curious about the tacos and burritos at this joint...especially after reading some of the reviews.  This is a typical dive bar in the mist of Fishtown Philadelphia and the music was very nostalgic...90's hip hop blessed the ambiance here!  One of my fave songs from Camp Lo (Luchini) came on as I sipped on a great lake draft and it instantly took me back to a good ole house party in North Philly.  We ordered Tacos (Pollo, Carne Asada, Camerones) and a Carne Asada Burrito with a side of Black Beans Diablo.  The Pollo Taco was the star...small but flavorful.  The Shrimp (Camerones) Taco was cold and unappealing.  The Carne Asada was ok in both Taco and Burrito form.  The Burrito was very filling however.  The Black Beans Diablo was reminiscent of refried beans with regards to the texture...not much flavor however.  3 great lake drafts had me very mellow, grooving to the sounds of back pack golden hip hop.  Definitely a nice chill spot to enjoy a convo and go back in time with the sounds of "back in the day".  The food was ok and the service was friendly.I only ordered one taco (al pastor) and tasted the chorizo taco a friend ordered. It was pretty underwhelming. The chorizo was super mushy cause they mix it with potato and the pastor was made with shredded (not pulled) pork and was super dried out. The salsas were awesome but if you are looking for tacos I'd go elsewhere. Maybe the other stuff on their menu is worth exploring though if you are looking to spend more $Hands down this place has the best margaritas in the world.   They are always really nice and the food is not only great but reasonably priced.  I love everything about Loco Pez!!!!LITERALLY DELICIOUS!!! I love this place! Great drinks great food great atmosphere! This place will never disappoint! My boyfriend got the chicken burrito and I got the shrimp quesadilla and it was all magical! If you love good food for cheap this place is amazing! But remember cash only! I say take out 60 if you're getting drinks, appetizer and food! Definitely coming for dollar taco nights!this rating is mainly for the food. I had the nachos, mushroom taco, conchinita pibil taco, and the pez taco. I layed on a bit of each hot sauce to try. I also had some of my boyfriend's conchinita pibil burrito and I have to say I was not blown away by any of the food. People kept saying how great it was here but I found it mediocre when compared to other taquerias just a few minutes away.
it's a shame I really wanted to love this place since I live in the neighborhood but most of the food seemed bland and really nothing special. I will say it's not a bad place to gather with friends. the drinks and service were good so overall I'll give it 3 stars. if I'm in the mood for tacos again, I probably wouldn't come back.Drank so much tequila I forgot what tacos even were. My friend Gavin said they were really good and he should know, he went to Mexico for a long weekend once when he was 8.Well, we went here on a Saturday afternoon so expected it to be fairly busy. A friend and I arrived before the other two in our party, so we decided to have a couple drinks at the bar. The bartender is the only reason this review has two stars instead of one. We put our names down for a table upon arrival and were told it would be about a 10-15 minute wait and the hostess showed me that we were next on the list. The other two people in our party arrived about 10 minutes later and stood right behind us at the bar. We then watched 3 more tables get sat ahead of us (all of which were groups of the same sizes, 3, 4, and 5). Okay whatever, even though the hostess made eye contact with us several times and knew we were all there and ready to be sat (she never actually asked if we were all there in the first place), we gave the benefit of the doubt and reminded her. She says no more than 5-10 more minutes. We then wait another 20 minutes and watch 3 MORE tables get sat ahead of us, while the hostess completely avoids eye contact. Needless to say, we didn't even get to experience the food as we tried to ask what was going on and were completely ignored. We left and went to a place down the street.
Long story short, the customer service was awful, and we were all extremely disappointed with the experience.This spot occasionally has dollar taco nights that you can find out about if you follow them on Instagram. So whenever I see they have dollar tacos I make a point to come out to get their beef/chicken tacos which are amazing!! I tried their margarita today and it was nice and strong. The servers are friendly. It can get busy here though so especially during dollar taco nights you can expect to have to be wait a little bit for a table...but it's worth the wait. Great atmosphere, youthful/hipster crowd, great food and ever better when they have good deals going on. Nice Mexican food spot in the heart of Fishtown, has a bar you can get some drinks and good food..tacos, burritos, quesadillas. They also have vegan and vegetarian options which is a plus if you are vegan/vegetarian. I recommend this place for a nice meal/drink out during the week.Great tacos, solid drinks, and friendly service. It can get crowded fast, since it is so small.I loved their tacos, especially the seitan spinach (and I'm not a vegetarian -- they just had a great texture and taste). Boo boo did a great job running the bar and serving food while still being friendly and attentive. The bathroom wallpaper was a pleasant surprise!DECENT.  I love when a new place opens within blocks of my house, I love it even more then the food is good and the drinks are cheap. 
The tacos are teeny tiny, but good.  I had the carnita and pez taco, I couldn't decide which I liked more.  
Lots of mexican beers that you can't find in the hood... CASH ONLY - which could be a bummer, but there are plenty of atms around and one in the bar.  
There is a pinball machine, and sexy half naked lady mexican comics plastered on the bathroom walls.
I dig it. Decent.The first night I moved to town I walked here, sat at the bar, ate $1 late night tacos, and had an awesome margarita. All for $8. IT WAS GREAT. Bartenders were nice, chatty. Drinks were strong and delicious. I really recommend the cochinita pibil and the camarones tacos. Other reviews are right, tacos ARE small but I don't really mind because it allows you the opportunity to order a bunch and get to try lots of things on the menu.
It's pretty bothersome to me that the place is cash only but I get it, you want to collect an ATM fee AND avoid service charges on cards. Aren't you clever, Loco Pez. Despite this annoyance, I'm sure I'll be back (over and over and over again).Living in Bella Vista I have a plethora of Mexican joints to choose from, and they are as authentic as you can get. There's a taco truck a block from a restaurant, that's a block away from another taco truck, that's around the corner from another Mexican restaurant. You can see why having a favorite Mexican restaurant can be a little difficult in my area.
But hands down: Loco Pez takes the prize on my favorite tacos in the city. I'll even take the drive on I-95 for these bad boys that are filled to the brim. Driving on I-95 for food when I live in South Philly? Unheard of. Except for these flavorful tacos.
What separates Loco Pez from the others, other than the true divey, hipster vibe and location, is the flavor that is soaked into the meats, rather than chunks of tough meats sitting atop a tortilla. I can't speak for any of the vegetarian dishes yet. The tortillas are smaller, but they are filled to the edge, so you're getting more protein than carbs, which I prefer. I am usually full off of three tacos elsewhere, but I think I could easily go for four-five here.
It is CASH ONLY!Aaaaamazing loaded nachos extra jalapenos and beer, that;s good enough for me.This is a great new spot in Fishtown with super cheap tacos and tasty margaritas. The service is great, but the place gets slammed on the weekends. It can be worth the wait...unless you're stumbling from the last bar.
Find a little time somewhere to give it a shot. I'm pretty sure you'll be back!The tacos are really good but small, the beer menu is extensive but expensive, and the seating stinks. It's a good little neighborhood spot and I've been there many times. Nothing to complain about, nothing special either.I've been to Loco Pez 4 times and always on $1 taco day.  The tacos that I've had have all been delicious, though looking at the regular prices, I think other places such at Honest Tom's would be better for your buck.   
That being said, NO ONE beats $1 tacos of this quality in Philly.  I usually get 5-7 tacos and 1-3 beers during happy hour on 1$ taco day for about $13.
The chicken taco is made with a marinated pulled chipotle chicken as opposed to the chopped dry breasts that other restaurants offer.  My favorite are the shrimp tacos.  Medium sized shrimp individually fried...  just delicious.  The Al pastor is delicious with pineapple and marinated pork.
The service is hit or miss.  Sometimes the bartenders are attentive, other times, gruff to flat out rude....but it is what it is when you're buying $1 tacos.Very good and cheap Mexican food! Love how you can choose several different tacos to have and not just one kind. Great atmosphere!Rolled in on a Tuesday afternoon for one of their $1 taco nights (check their Twitter feed for when they're running the $1 promos; it's not always a weekly thing and they switch up the days of the week) shortly after their 5 PM opening and the place was already starting to fill up. Tacos are normally pretty decently priced (between $1.75-$2.50) so still not too bad without the special. They also do Happy Hour M-Fri from 5-7 (and Sat/Sun 1-3 PM) so double bonus: 1/2 off nachos, $4 house margaritas, $2 drafts, etc. 
The nachos were off the chain. We got them without meat but if that's your thing, then by all means, load em on up! They had several sauces that you could try which were an excellent compliment to both the nachos (which we had a stare down over the last nacho & eventually decided to call a truce and let it keep it's deliciously crunchy, cheese covered life) and the tacos that arrived swiftly after we'd finished our appetizer. I ordered a carnitas, a fish taco, chicken & a chorizo. The carnitas might have been the best one. Green sauce was killer with the chorizo. The smokier sauce was a perfect compliment to the carnitas. 
FYI - They're small, 4 inch tacos, not the usual 6 inch - so just knock yourself out and ordered one of everything if you're feeling "loco!"I was holding out on writing a Loco Pez review until I had the opportunity to get there for dinner/happy hour. (I live up the street and we tend to do the Sunday-morning-hungover-stumble over to Loco Pez for a recovery Bloody Mary at brunch). I love/hate you, Loco Pez Happy Hour. Why would you make your delicious margaritas $4? I was hurting the next day, but in a "hurts so good" kind of way. Oh, and the $4 nachos. Don't even get me started. I usually get pissed off when people order nachos because I hate the shitty, soggy mess they become and I think it's a waste of money, but Loco Pez's nachos are ON POINT. And for 4 bucks!! 
Someone mentioned that it's not for more conservative folks. Good. More margs and nachos for this bitch.I enjoyed myself at Loco Pez.  Small neighborhood type spot with an eclectic decor.  The food was was very good and the service was superb.  They had the regular options for dishes, but the list of fillings was comprehensive.  I housed the enchiladas filled with potato and chorizo. The dish came with the standard re fried beans and Spanish rice.  The nachos shared by the table were excellent, right up there with the better spots in the city. The tacos are of the smaller variety, but the burrito was humongous. Order accordingly.  
The service was prompt and friendly, checked in on us frequently. 
I sipped a bit of the Margarita and thought it quite good, there was some kind of hot pepper in the salt rim, be advised.
Loco Pez is too far from my house to be a regular but if I am in the area , I would make it a priority to stop in.Definitely one of my favorites. Their happy hour is amazing! Dollar  tacos, yes please! 
Its like a little hole in the wall bar with amazing food. All the locals know it and sometimes its hard to get a table. I suggest going during the week because a friday night, forget about it!The nachos, margaritas, and tacos were fantastic. We have been wanting to try Loco Pez for quite a while and we're glad we finally did! We made it for the last 10 minutes of Saturday happy hour, which included $2 off specialty cocktails. I had heard nachos were discounted for happy hour, but no dice. Oh well...they were delicious regardless! We got what I'd call the fancy nachos (had chicken, beef, chorizo, and guac). The only disappointing part of our meal was the guac...just wasn't great. Be prepared to come home in a food and booze coma. Not a place to visit when you have to be productive after. So tasty!Stopped by here on a random Thursday night, we moved into the area a little over a month ago and have been meaning to check this place out. It definitely lives up to the hype food wise. The HH specials are pretty good and I would recommend that you go in around then so that you can take advantage of them. Basically they do deals on nachos, drafts, and margaritas, not too shabby. We started off with the guacamole which was actually a good size portion for 2 people and the chips were sturdy enough to be dragged through it. Everything was extremely fresh and it made a difference. For dinner we did a few chicken tacos, a shrimp taco, and a fish burrito. The tortillas here are legit and they hold up while you are eating the tacos/burritos which is really important in my opinion. Everything was great, no complaints at all. The service was good and our service was very friendly. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for some really good cheap Mexican. 2 of us tried our hardest left stuff with a bill around $40.Came in here Sunday night, 11pm ish, crowd was decent n chill. About the dinner, it seems like u can't go wrong with anything on ur plate. Menu is small but it's perfected. Oh and dat green sauce!!!!! Slap dat sucka on everything u order!! It's great. Will be coming back to try da mix drinks.I came back here for the first time in a long while and felt the strong urge to update since Wednesday is $1 taco night. 
Dear Loco Pez --  I officially love you. Your $1 tacos are sublime and your 1/2 price happy hour margaritas are dangerously good. Your bartenders are ridiculous, and I mean that in the best way possible. I just got home from dinner here and I am supremely happy. 
Thank you Loco Pez and your awesome bartenders for getting me both drunk and full for under $25 on a Wednesday night.The vibe of this place is super hip and casual. Everyone is extremely nice who works here, and their food is awesome. They do a unique job of combing Mexican goodies with nostalgic flare (i.e., Kensington Nachos). 
I ordered the taco salad, which had black beans, cojita cheese (my favorite), tomatoes, and I added carne asada. It was quite tasty, except there was a very specific sour/tart taste to one of the spices that was added. I'm not sure if it was from the coriander vinaigrette or something else. It was unknown to me that coriander is another form of cilantro. Ugh. 
My only gripe was with their overabundance of cilantro. It was in every dish, including the rice of my friend's burrito and the marinate of the chicken quesadillas. It completely overpowered their guacamole, which was disappointing because I LOVE guacamole and they gave us such a generous portion. 
Ever since I was a little girl, I've hated cilantro. As I got older, I became more tolerable to the taste, as long as it's subtle and not overpowering. I've come to realize that a lot of people share my distaste of cilantro. A small bit of it is okay, in my opinion. But when you have such a powerful herb, it completely overtakes the flavor of the dish. Of course, it's expected to be present in guacamole and salsa. But when you begin adding a copious amount to marinate or other sauces, it would probably just be helpful to include that on the description.Had a great Mother's Day brunch here with my son's girlfriend before we did a tour at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  We both had the Bloody Marias--Bloody Mary with chipotle infused tequila instead of vodka.  Very good.  We got there right around opening on Sunday, wasn't too full, but by the time we left, it was packed.  We both had the Chilaquiles tortilla chips baked in salsa verde topped with two fried eggs, cotija cheese, crema & guacamole.  Reasonable prices, service good, and loved the music.  Cash only.  Has extensive tequila menu.Loco Pez has delicious nachos and margaritas! The nachos are well plated so that the toppings are properly dispersed among the chips, and the salsas that come with them are all quite tasty, especially the salsa verde! The happy hour is excellent and the staff attentive too. I will be back for more!A+ for food! Kinda lame beer selection, but good margaritas (which I'm sure is international) lunch service during the week was kinda strange but it's new so I'm sure it'll make sense!This place is close to my work so we go here often on fridays for some eats and drinks. FYI: It is a cash only establishment, so don't get caught here on a date with only a credit card! The food never really blows me away, but the margaritas are part of why we go back. I usually get an assortment of tacos and they do the trick in filling me up. I do like their guacamole for sure and their nacho plate was really solid. I would pay attention to their social media and make sure you go on one of the dollar taco nights. That's when you'll get a really good value and the tacos are then totally worth it. Just expect a wait and a very crowded, loud room. I'll still go there, but I never leave there thinking how amazing the food was.Three words: HAPPY HOUR NACHOS
Just go during happy hour, 5-7 M-F or 1-3 Sat/ Sun, and order yourself the nachos (splurge the extra $1 for a huge scoop of guac). For $6, you'll get a beautiful mound of melty , gooey, crunchy, salty, satisfying chips with no skimping on the toppings. Best paired with 1-2 friends and a draft IPA. My vegetarian friend and I had no qualms about splitting this meat-free dish, and we hardly made a dent before my stomach finally screamed at me to stop binge eating. I probably looked like an animal, shoveling food with my hands - NO SHAME. Best nachos I may have ever eaten.
I also ordered a Chilorio taco (a spicy pulled pork) and a Chorizo & potato taco - both banging, but the Chorizo definitely won. The tacos were small, like smaller than the palm of my hand, and I have little hands (I'm Donald Trump LOL). I was a little disappointed that they cost $2+ each. I'd definitely come back on $1 taco night though.
Beer selection is alright, about 6 on draft and a variety of bottles/ cans, and the bar is full of any liquor you could want. The vibe is very chill - a little dim, a little tight at the bar. Hipster, but not overly; divey but clean.
Bartender was a little harsh. I arrived a little before 5 and I wasn't about to buy a beer when it wasn't on happy hour. When I stated I'd sip on water until 5, she rolled her eyes and kind of gave me 'tude. She was fine otherwise, average bartendery service. 
I'll definitely be back. This is the perfect weekday happy hour.Sweet little spot for reasonably priced mini tacos and $3 margaritas during their happy hour (Monday - Friday, 5-7 PM).  I ordered the mushroom taco with a bowl of red rice and I loved it.  I also enjoyed their seitan tacos.  It was very crowded while we were there, so it was kind of hard to get the bartender's attention and there wasn't any elbow room.  Go for a table if you can and don't forget to bring plenty of cash (they don't take cards).  Will definitely be back here at some point to try their brunch!Makes it that much better you need to follow them on Instagram to know its dollar taco night! I'm 10 tacos InWeekly dollar taco night is the nuts, order nachos during happy hour, which is 5-7. Pork shoulder tacos are the best of the range, but all is edible. Service ranges from good to ok depending on who you draw. Sit at the bar if you are willing to drink like a boss.The tacos are super tastey and perfectly priced. You can't beat it. Not to mention, their Margs are prob the best I've ever had. Just don't order the Volcano Burrito. We added chicken, but couldn't really find it. It was just bean and cheese.Always consistently good. Great value. Kensington Nachos for two is more than enough for dinner.My friend took me here for the first time on my birthday. We were disappointed because the restaurant had mistakenly tweeted that it was dollar tacos day, and we hadn't seen the correction posted later. Personally, I think the restaurant should have assumed responsibility for their own mistake and given us the discount, or at least apologized in some way, but the waitress was pretty unapologetic. Oh well. Luckily, the nachos we ordered instead made up for it--loaded with pork, cheese, guacamole, jalapeno peppers, sour cream, these nachos were truly unforgettable. HUGE serving size and bursting with flavor, and could probably be enough for an entree for two people to split. I also ordered the shrimp taco and the al pastor taco. These were delicious but very small and expensive--definitely would be worth it given the dollar taco deal that happens once a week (as notified on Twitter and Facebook). I also got the Fairlane, which was pretty good but a little strong for my taste (read: it didn't taste like Ocean Spray). Fun environment, solid Mexican food, will definitely be back.Small, but very effective menu. I've tried most selections, in both brunch and regular menus, and have yet to be disappointed. Pancakes with Carnita is absolutely indulgent and delicious.We were looking for a new experience and decided to forego the big chains and try different than our usual go to places. I found this place off a listing for great burgers, jumped onto yelp saw the great reviews and decided this was a place to try.
So we had dinner there last night for the first time. It was moderately packed when we arrived for dinner @ about 8:30 or so on a Tuesday. We saw an empty table in the bar area and seated ourselves a few min later we were given the menu. The waitress was great very knowlegeable about the menu, she was very friendly and refilled our waters frequently. I had a margarita which tasted good, I'm not much of a drinker and it wasn't too strong for me, although I couldn't finish, which is not unusual for me. Food came out quickly and was awesome. We ordered chips and pico which was very fresh and delicious, steak , fish, chicken, soy chorizo, and shrimp tacos (we were hungry and wanted to try a variety). I also tried the burger w/waffle fries which I liked very much as well!! The fries were very good and crispy, they even stayed crispy after sitting a while we finished our food. We came out extremely stuffed and beyond satisfied! 
Very relaxed atmosphere, with great food and service!!I went last Tuesday evening for an assortment of tacos and guacamole.  I love guacamole (El Vez is one of my favorite spots for high quality guac in Philly) and eat it regularly.  The guacamole here is overpowered by too much red onion.  My friends and I couldn't finish it because it was not executed well.  The tacos arrived on extremely soggy 4-inch tortillas, some of them breaking through under the fillings.  Some fillings were better than others.  I would order the (1) chicken - very flavorful, moist and tender and (2) pulled pork again.  The grilled fish (hard, no flavor, dry) and fried shrimp (greasy, small, all breading) were terrible. Better Mexican in Philly and elsewhere.Great little hidden place. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place tonight. We got the beef nachos, a chicken quesdilla, a beef burrito and a shrimp taco the food was very good. The staff is very attentive and nice. The reason why I gave this place a four star is because I was kid of disappointed with my shrimp taco. I was expecting a hot crispy shrimp on a delicious taco but the shrimp I got was cold and soggy. It wasn't bad but it wasn't the best. Other than that this place is a hidden gem.Divey, dingy and delicious are three words that I would use to explain this place. When I walked inside it was far different from what I was expecting, but the food more than made up for it. 
The decor is dated, but that adds to the kitsch. Even after visiting I'm still not sure if you're supposed to sit yourself or wait for someone to seat you. Either way, I grabbed the first booth available since it was buzzing on a Saturday morning. I made a mental note to come back for brunch again, since the Bloody Mary's that everyone else was drinking looked great.
I decided to go a for a small meal so I ordered two tacos and the cheesy grits. Strange brunch, right?  I would never come to regret this decision. My tacos were al pastor and the chorizo potato; both were outstanding. Small, but full of flavor, their tacos come on a lightly warmed corn tortilla. The meat was perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked. Do you know how hard it is to find a good chorizo taco? I'm still having cravings for their tacos. The cheesy grits were also tasty; very buttery with some chives on top. I feel like it didn't need the chives, but it was still edible and I enjoyed it.
So I'll be back. I feel I need to give some more of their menu a shot. I definitely need some more of their chorizo tacos in my life. A decent place.B.
We came to this play for our friend's birthday and the food and service was great.
Their taco and their burritos were surprisingly good. It wasn't too dry and the food came out pretty fast. One of my friend dropped all of his taco on himself, but they replaced the order for free. They were very busy as well so the neat service and the quality of the food was a plus.
Their margarita was on point. You can order it by the pitcher if need some extra winding down. :)
 It is a very good place to relax or spice your night after a long day of work.Great food and great service. A bar with restaurant seating that has a low key interior and exterior. A single $6 burrito is a meal and a nacho plate will feed an entire table. 
Special thanks to our server who always made sure my water glass was full throughout the meal. Something most servers forget about. Service was prompt and attentive even on a Friday night. 
The food was delicious and well prepared. Especially given how easy it is to cut corners when it comes to Mexican food.The tacos are wonderful, and the margaritas taste like candy!  It doesn't get better than that!One dollar taco nights!!! Ok so unfortunately that's not every night, but as Nana says-"absence makes the heart grow fonder." The food here is good, its stumbling distance to my apartment and they have negra modelo on tap- bam! Instant favorite. 
Now those of you who aren't me/don't live in my apartment probably want more info. "Is it authentic?" I hear the corny white people ask. I'm not sure what the hell that means. "But I'm from California! That means I'm basically Mexican." News flash- Mexican food from California isn't authentic, if by authentic you mean traditional. If you mean "made by Mexicans we pay $6 an hour under the table" then Cal-Mex is authentic. But really traditional, like Abuela-grinding-corn-in-the-kitchen-authentic is a hard thing to find in the U.S. and increasingly hard to find in Mexico. Pretty much all of the border states in Mexico have become "americanized" in terms of the use of things like cheese, sour cream and pre-packaged commercially-manufactured ingredients. It's cheaper, easier, faster and more deliciously fattening than the "traditional" food starving subsidence farmers lived on 200 years ago. SOOOOO bottom line- stop being worried about authenticity and just focus on what your taste buds say. This place has excellent tacos, a relaxed dive bar feel and good beer on tap. If you're still concerned that it isn't Mexican enough for you, get drunk on tequila, dress up like a charro and keep yelling "Tierra y Libertad!" whenever the waiter asks you a question.Great food! End of story. 
Tacos are small and cheap, which I love because you can try a ton and not seem ridiculous ordering that much food. 
Great service too!My boyfriend and I live like 2 blocks from this place and kept reading good reviews on here so we had to try it. 
SO DELICIOUS. We ordered a bunch of different tacos since they're pretty small and about $2 a piece and they were all sooooo good. My personal favorites were the Al Pastor and the Carnitas, my boyfriend liked the Pez taco, but all were awesome. Our margaritas were pretty tasty too. 
The prices are good/average and the atmosphere is like a cheap old pizza place type setting with christmas lights, I dig it. I can't wait to go back and try their burritos, yumm.If I lived here I would be a weekly regular. The nachos and pez tacos are both so so so excellent and the price is definitely right! When in Fishtown, get the fish tacos. Tasty cocktail menu as well!This place is a vital part of my weekly routine - and it should be part of yours too. I have been to Loco Pez since it has opened and have never once had a bad experience. The staff are amazing, the food is always delivered in a timely fashion and so delicious. I suggest the seitan and spinach tacos with about 3 baskets of their chips and guacamole.  If you can't make it for dinner, don't sleep on their brunch! 
Plain and simple - just go!Great tasting food!  Excellent service!  Music is on point!  Highly recommended place to eat and have a great time with the margarita drink (Impala).  Loved the carne burrito!!  Great tasting Fairlane drink.  Enjoyed this place very much!  Con: ParkingI live nearby and did not realize a new place has opened up again in Fishtown. WOW, Im so impressed with my area, being here 6 years as a single homeowner. I tried this place tonight and was impressed. I did not give 5 stars because the do not have a credit card machine and no frozen margaritta's which I love. I compared this to El Vez and N. Third's blood orange margaretta's so they were pretty comparable and definately went down easy...I just like that sweet aftertaste that I get from drinking it frozen. The FOOD is a great price, love the tapas style and eclectic menu. I had the satan and camarones taco's along with guacamole. It was definately a very nice evening after such a HARD HARD day at work. I will come back and bring friends. Kudos to opening up another great place in Fishtown. Shonta C.Good food, good price drinks, and they were playing classic hip-hop joints from the 90's.I came here with my fiance, Paul V. on a Thursday night.  We came in for some margaritas and happy hour specials.  We had 2 margaritas each and they were delicious!  We also tried the Pez and Pollo tacos.  They were okay, but the nachos on happy hour for only $4 were absolutely AMAZING!!  I couldn't get over how good the nachos and margaritas were!  
The service was great as well.  The bartender, Ruben, was very friendly and on top of drinks and keeping our bar area clean.  Great job Ruben!  
Overall, I would recommend to come here, especially for the margaritas and nachos.  I haven't tried much else, but let me know how it is!I love the food, love the atmosphere, but dislike the service!
They have fantastic chicken, fish and vegetarian tacos! I also love their chips and guac as well as their cocktails.
I have NEVER once had good service there...mediocre at best. 
The place is always crowded with the hipster types, which is fine-live and let live, say I. Anyway, I'm sort of your average citizen (occasionally I get take out in workout clothes because I teach Pilates.) I feel that I am often ignored or not given the time of day until much later than I should be considering it's the service industry (which I have worked in.)
Earlier this week, I went in to get some takeout. Both bartenders ignored me for about 5 minutes even though the bar was half empty and restaurant only medium busy (not full, no waiting list). I know they had their bar duties to perform, etc. but as a service professional they could acknowledge  my presence  and tell me they will be with me in a moment. But they did neither until I had been waiting for about 5 minutes. So frustrating-they also avoided eye contact, which is weird as I didn't assume my monster shape for the night.
Anyway-you get the picture. That was only 1 incident of which there are many. Of course I will keep going back because they have the only Mexican food that's decent and close, but I felt the need to vent a bit!!!As with every Philadelphia popular restaurant, I'm sad to say this place has gone downhill. I still love their nachos and salsa (delicious). Their tacos used to be my favorite. It seems like they started slopping them together lately, looking more like a prison taco night than anything. The tacos drip oil all over which they didn't used to. I hope they get their act together, because I really used to enjoy my meals here.Loco Pez is loco-good. From walking through the doors and casting on eyes on the cautionary message: "Cash only, bitches. Si, putos, tengo ATM!," I knew we were in for an irreverent good time. (Though it's worth noting that I probably would go 5 stars if it weren't for the cash-only thing....putos!)
I was immediately struck, after being seated, by two positives: 1) the menu offers a handful of great choices that are very inexpensive, and 2) our waitress was unbelievably nice. It's amazing how much an upbeat server who appears to like his/her job can make a restaurant experience. 
I got the volcano burrito, which was very good. A small critique is that, if it's possible for a dish to have too much cheese, and I'm not sure that it is, this burrito may have been near that threshold. Also, it wasn't that hot, but they give you a ton of delicious sauces, some of them homemade, to spicy it up. I also got the diablo black beans, which were awesome. The guacamole was also fantastic. 
I hereby dedicate this paragraph to the bloody mary. It was one of the best ones I've had in a long time. It is quite spicy, which I love, and they accent it with cumin and chili powder to give it a Mexican feel. Highly recommend it.
Bonus: they had a pinball machine in the back that somehow had 3 free plays loaded up. So each of us played a round on our trips to the bathroom. 
I can't wait to come back here and try the brunch.Wanted to like this place, but the al pastor burrito was pretty bland. I'd go back and try their other stuff.i don't normally write a review after being somewhere once. only if it's notably bad or notably good, or there's something i HAVE to tell you about. this is an example of the last situation.
they have a great little menu of fun cocktails, all named after cars. i got the Monte Carlo, which is what would happen if a Cosmopolitan and a Bloody Mary made sweet, sweet love and had a baby full of alcohol. seriously, who puts chipotle in a fruity drink and not only does it work, it's amazing?!? Loco Pez, that's who.
the decor is straight up Williamsburg kitsch, the clientele on break from an American Apparel catalogue shoot. it's Fishtown, y'all. it's located at that weird five point intersection that always makes me confused. i was highly amused by the prominent sign on the front door admonishing patrons to not park at a certain street corner as it would prevent the 25 bus from making the turn (i know this, having been on said 25 bus when it got stuck at said intersection). 
oh, yes, the food. i had the Nachos de Kenzo, which, given its name, was not surprisingly piled high with three kinds of meat. also, it was HUGE. enough for two entrees. and yes, delicious, with the perfect combination of textures (this is a huge thing for me and nachos), the pulled pork and ground meat, melted but not overwhelming cheese, mound of guac and perfectly crispy chips.
so yes, save a Monte Carlo for me at the bar. i only live a ten minute walk away. Fishtown FTW.
ps. bonus points for the weird dude with a Turkey Hill Lemonade who wandered about, sat down at the booth next to us, watched the Phillies game and waved off the wait staff every time they attempted to give him water or, you know, get him to actually order some food.
pps. negative points for being cash only. no one's perfect.Some damn good Mexican food at the right size for the right price. The paz taco was amazing beyond amazing, and the chorizo and potato tacos are too. I also had the pollo, which was pretty good, the soyrizo, which was solidly good, and the al pastor, which wasn't really up to snuff compared to the rest. I also ate some of the nachos, which were fantastic (I was hungry!). 
They only take cash but the in-house ATM makes that no problem. Next time I'm here I'm getting the Chicken and Waffles special--I saw it getting walked past me after I'd already placed my order and it's one of the bigger regrets of my life that I didn't get it instead.Food is great, the staff is cool, good music, and the best damn nachos I've ever had. Only downside is that its cash only, and gets really crowded, especially on Dollar Taco night (which is always a random weekday, follow them on social media)This place is awesome! Total dive with good eats, a decent beer selection and good people. Can't wait to go back!The margaritas are so good, I've stopped in just for drinks. The tacos are good, but order several because they are small. I like the atmosphere and have no problems with the service, but I got so sick after eating here! I've talked to several other people who've had the same experience after visiting Loco Pez. My husband swears this isn't always the case, but I haven't been brave enough to eat here again.When the dirty, slovenly and smelly bartenders stop their irreverent conversations with the locals, and take your order. Do it quick and fast. Make it large. Just like the amount of drugs being used in the putrid bathrooms.
By the time you knock down your IPA's and shots, the food is amazing! Did I mention pig wings?
Want another drink? Hold out some cash and be prepared to waiit. Only hipsters or employees are welcome here.
What a shame, it does have charm. Perhaps EB, will stop bartending one day.
Oh, be warned this is not a friendly crowd.Cash only. Came at an off time (Thursday around 3pm) and found that the service was fine, unlike what some people have been saying. I can see how people in the area would come here to unwind or just hang out, given the atmosphere or the fair pricing. However as I am not a Fishtown resident, I'm not sure I'd go out of my ways to come back. I ordered the Volcanic burrito with green rice. There was nothing positively standout about it that would make me want to try it again. Personally, it was way too much cheese for me.I live in Fishtown and even though everyone that visits me wants to go here, I cannot recommend Loco Pez at all. 
Navigating the baffling seating procedure is the first hurdle - there's no hostess, but tables are always reserved. Good luck finding how to get on the secret waiting list; there's no one to help you and your best bet is to be yelled at by other patrons when you skip the line. The yelling will at least tell you who to talk to.
Ok, you say, I'll sit at the bar. Well, unfortunately, there's usually only one bartender and she/he is constantly overwhelmed. No barback to help, and frankly, it's a big bar. So it's completely hit or miss whether you will get served in anything approaching a timely manner, and if you do, don't expect anything more than a gruff, passing "you doing ok?".
I can't say much about the food - never had the stamina to actually stay there long enough to order anything. But what I've seen looks pretty basic: anglicized tex-mex, heavy on the squeeze bottle sour cream.
Drinks are watered down, and not particularly flavorful. Avoid the michelada especially.
Finally, don't forget that Loco Pez is cash-only. Which would be fine if it was a regular taqueria. But people tell me it's tough getting out of there without spending $40 per person, especially if you have drinks.
If you still insist on going to Loco Pez, good luck.The best greezy burger and waffle fries I've had in some time. With side radish and jalapeno s my burger was done correctly...perfect med rare...juice and dripping with spicy sauce and crunchy perfecto bacon....yum yum.
 The bar was pleasantly air conditioned on this kinda muggy day...
The bartender...immediately greeted with a smile and a menu...she was attentive and pleasant. The barback ran and delivered the food and was attentive also looking up to see if anyone needed the bartender. 
 I haven't been in for early luch before usually a late night snack from the take out or a dinner date. I was full and happy. I will recommend. Great job guys and gals. Also ..the music laylist was great. Soothing and right up my alley...80s girl...I used to live the next block over from this place. We would stand on our roof and see how long the wait was before going in. 
$1 tacos are great. Waits are not.
Drinks are decent. Prices are alright.
Service is usually decent. 
Pez tacos and witty signs around the restaurant are great.
Make a mean Al Pastor taco.
Brunch meals are alright. 
Not taking cash is never my favorite but I handle it. 
Let's end this with a positive. Get the Kensington Nachos.This place is fantastic. 
I go about three times a week with my roommate for tacos and waffle fries. 
Food is always fresh and comes out fast, no matter how crowded the restaurant is. Bartenders are amazing and super attentive, servers are polite and quick. $1 taco night is an awesome deal. 
Cash only but there's an ATM in the back. 
AMAZING jukebox, who ever picked out the record selection did a great job.I came in on a sleepy afternoon during the week. While waiting to meet a friend, I was graciously helped by the bartender, whose name I didn't get, but who was outstanding! She was friendly and attentive but not over bearing. I ordered a few beers on tap and two tacos. The tacos are small and priced accordingly. The carne asada was decent but the real winner was the al pastor, which had diced pineapple on it. A little sweet, a little spicy; greatness in every bite! Also, the three salsas that were brought out were all wonderful but I HIGHLY recommend the tomatillo one. Vibe is super chill and full bar selection is great. Definitely a place to come with a friend or two, grab a few drinks and some great food. 
It's too bad I live on the other side of the country from Loco Pez because I would totally be a regular if I was nearby.Given the part of town, I was hoping for more of a funky "cantina" than a slick sports bar.  The American ESPN monitors, the American waitresses, the American pinball machine, and the American background rock music dispelled any notion I had of enjoying a trip to an authentic Mexican bar.
Give the owner credit, though.  The  wall decor, even the restroom comic pages were in Spanish, and the food was real Mexican. Oh, the guacamole! Lovingly and authenticly prepared.  Excellent tacos.  I just wish enchiladas and stuffed peppers and tamales were on the menu.  You know, authentic Mexican cantina food instead of the Americanized "nachos" that I saw the locals eating across the way with their "diet soda".  Yep, they're going to lose weight with that. LOL.
OK, so Fishtown is not going to draw enough Mexicans and Mexican food lovers to make a go of it.  The beer selection is good, the margaritas are too sweet but better than those made with a mix.  The manager and staff were accomodating and friendly.  It's a nice , clean, inviting place, albeit crowded in the back dining room.
I wish the owner luck with his limited, tasty, and overpriced menu in this neighborhood.  Me?  I guess I'll return to the Washington Avenue tacquerias and truck in my margarita fixings until someone opens a true Mexican cantina in town.For Philadelphia this place is a decent Mexican bar restaurant. Their nachos can compete with Philly's best: comes with a large plate of chips smothered with cotija and chedder cheeses, frijoles, jalapenos, salsa fresca, and supposedly guacamole (but, I didn't see any on our plate). They also have the Nachos de Kenzo which is double the size of the regular nachos and includes chirizo, shredded chicken, and carne asada.They have an accommodating salsa selection in a basket for you including three house salsas (salsa verde, salsa chipotle, and salsa regular) and Tapitio and Chalula. If you want to start chips and salsa they charge you $3. The tacos are reasonably priced (ranging from $1.50-$2.50), flavorful (can't go wrong with the fish or shrimp tacos!), but who in their right Mexican mind eats a single tortilla wrapped taco? 
Just saying; if they double wrapped them bad boys it wouldn't get soggy and fall apart in your hands. If this is a conscious decision then they are TRULY holding back the full taco experience from their audience, a predominately non-diverse hipster crowd. 
The vibe is mellow nothing-too-fancy which gives it a local feel. They tune into Flyers games and play cool grooves like Ratatat in the background. 
The wait service can lag at times when they get busy, but they are generally nice. Some of them do actually habla Espanol and not just "habla Mexican." I had one bad experience, but only because I had a bill that was $13.64 and when I received change back from a $20 I received back a $5 bill, a $1 bill, and no change. I wound up changing the $5 for ones with the bartender, but that was deserving of a $1 tip. 
They have a brand new Family Guy themed pinball machine in the back by the bathrooms. That's boss. I highly recommend putting in your quarters before you leave. They also have an ATM in the back because they are CASH ONLY. 
All in all, as a native Californian who grew up eating Mexican food her whole life, although this is no Mexican I know, I'm still glad Loco Pez is in my neighborhood!went here on a date night with the hubby. it was a friday night so a bit crowded. we wanted a table so we had to wait a little bit, but basically only the time it took to drink a really good margarita. i had a couple gabacho tacos - yum and the hubby had nachos with beef - another yum. good food, good drinks, we were seated by the bar so we could watch a little of the game and still were able to have a conversation. looking forward to a return trip.Great music, great decor, great staff, great burrito! Adorable place with lotsa awesome hot sauces to choose from!I wouldn't rush back here- and it was $1 taco day. Tacos are super small, some cool options but probably 3 bite tacos. The shells rip. Expect to use a fork. Margaritas are watery- way too heavy on the ice. Cash only. Shady ATM inside. Waiter warned me his identity was stolen using it. Nothing to see here, move along.The food is usually great. Only real downfall is that they get so busy, it can be hard to find a seat. I get take-out a lot from them and it's always good!I live on the same block as this place and found it surprising at how many people like this place and how popular it is.  I've been spoiled by the recent restaurant and beer scene popping up in the Fishtown neighborhood and when I came here for the first time, I thought I would be getting a decent meal.  
My bf and I love beer and there weren't much of a selection, 3 Mexican beers and other locals brewery drafts, which I didn't prefer  so I didn't order any beers.
I ordered a shrimp burrito and my bf ordered 4 tacos, each with different meat on it.  The burrito is so small and there were no flavor in the rice or any toppings--there were hardly any.  The "tacos" were sOOOooo small, they were the size a large hockey puck.  The little bit of meat we got on it did taste flavorful and tender, but it is literally two-bite fulls.  When we finished, we were still HUNGRY, so we decided to leave to eat somewhere else where it wasn't overpriced and not satisfying.  
I do not recommend this place, it feels fake and the name is backwards in Spanish... I will not be returning.Cool local spot when I had friends in the area that had good beer and tacos - good for either breakfast/lunch or dinner/late night.
Prices are not crazy, selection is good (for pretty much anyone including vegetarians), and the staff is not pretentious or aloof and are very helpful. Good for large or small groups.Great margaritas and amazing nachos.  Tacos are good but small so get two orders.  Nice atmosphere, but a tiny bar, had to turn away when it was super busy as there isn't much room.Amazing tacos and nachos! Loved the pulled pork tacos. The margaritas leave a lot to be desired though.Wow! Best Sopa de Tortilla EVER and it's vegetarian!! Two tacos, one with mushrooms, and the other spinach and seitan in corn tortillas were simply delicious. Friendly service to top it off. Love this place!This is the best food in the area that I have found so far. Their chicken quesadillas are my favorite item on the menu.  I visit at least once or twice a month. The prices are very reasonable and the employees are very friendly.Hipster taco bar is what I here on reviews. I live blocks away so I have o go. But here's the thing; Loco Pez isn't like that; Personally I can ignore pretentious people and enjoy the food.  Great nachos.... Love that I can taste a little of each in taco form before ordered as burritos, empanadas or quesadillas, too. And before I forget good margaritas.My boyfriend and I started coming here once a week for happy hour. The happy hour is the best, cheap margaritas and nachos. They are always playing great music at this place and it's never too loud so you can actually have a conversation. It fills up really fast though so I would get there early for happy hour.Expensive beer, tacky decor, food served in cheap plastic baskets. Food is unremarkable.this place is always annoyingly busy. i'm not sure why. i've had tacos here and they were OK. que chula is also nearby and their food is spot on. i also had a margarita and it was gross... way too sugary.What can I say this place is perfect. Tacky decor, delicious food, cheap drinks.  I love it here so much. Definitely a bit of a hipster hang out, but the good kind, that feels friendly and welcoming. The Nachos De Kenzo can feed me for a week, they're crazy huge and delicious.Went here for Cinco de Mayo and had a blast! Obviously it was super crowded and we had to wait to get a table. They said it would be an hour but it was only 45 min. We had a margarita in the meantime- Delish! I had an empty stomach, so I may be biased, but their Margs will get you nice and buzzed after just a few sips!
We got chips and salsa to start and then we each got 3 tacos. I forget what my date had but they all had meat or seafood and he was pretty full afterward. I got 3 of the vegetarian tacos- soy chorizo, mushroom, and seitan & spinach. I was quite satisfied with all of mine. Soy chorizo was my least favorite if I had to pick. I also got a side of guac, which we ate with our chips and put some in our tacos. Couldn't finish it or the chips and salsa! Nice portion size. 
I've seen people say the tacos are too small and won't fill you up, but with some guac and chips on the side you'll be fine!
We had great service and it was a really fun atmosphere. Can't wait to come back!Love this place. I have worked in the biz for a long time and in Mexican restaurants for 10 years of it so I am kind of an expert. The margaritas are perfect! None of that heartburn inducing sour mix here, thank god....just tequila, lime juice and simple syrup....the way a margarita should be. The food is awesome too! Do I want a burger or an enchilada? Doesn't matter, they have BOTH! I love how I can order a variety of tacos and I don't have to get the rice and beans since it comes ala carte and not as a platter. Why would I waste my appetite on rice when I could just have another taco?? 
The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is loud and crowded but it has a homey and lively feeling at the same time. So happy to live around the corner from this place. When we were looking at houses the fact that Loco Pez was just up the street was a major selling point :) Keep it up guys, you rock.Really great! Veg-friendly. Good vibe.We love Loco Pez! The food is delicious, and the atmosphere friendly and inviting. Prices are relatively low, and if you "like" them on Facebook, you will be notified of $1 taco nights - an awesome money saver!!! I highly recommend the nachos de Kenzo. The wait staff are friendly, and truly appreciate the customers. They are a cash only establishment, so be prepared (or take advantage of the ATM on site).I live near here and I love it.  I love the food.  I love the drinks.  I love the decor.  I love the staff.  My wife thinks I love the place too much.  Gosh, I'll miss her.Went to Loco Pez after looking online for late night eats. Me and the missus entered the establishment and right away you notice the decor. It's a throwback to the 70's complete with Tiffany and bamboo lamps over the booths. Wood paneling, and eclectic artwork added to the experience. We walked past the bar and table top seating to get to the hostess. We were seated quickly and our drink orders were taken. I ordered the Fairlane and my partner had the Coup De Ville. I really enjoyed the drink which consisted of pineapple infused tequila, guava, and lime juice. It was tasty not too sweet and not overpowering. The Coup De Ville consisted of tequila, blood orange purée, lime juice and a spicy cinnamon rim. The drink was tasty and had a generous amount of tequila but I think I preferred the Fairlane. For starters we ordered the chips and salsa. The chips were crispy and lightly salted. The salsa was so fresh, it was definitely made that night. I just wished it had more flavor. The cut up tomato and a onion needed more flavor and heat. For dinner I ordered the Street Dog, Gabacho Taco and Pez taco. The Street Dog was awesome. A bacon wrapped hot dog topped with pico, jalapeños, beans, ketchup, mayo and mustard. The Gabacho Taco was a tasty classic hard shell beef taco topped with lettuce, pico, cheese and crema. The Pez Taco was made with nice tender meaty piece of swordfish and topped with crema, radish and cilantro. This was my favorite dish of the evening. My wife ordered the roasted broccoli and cauliflower taco which was the special for the night. It had a nice toasty top and a nice heat on it. The shrimp taco was topped with shredded cabbage and pico de gallo. The shrimp were lightly fried in a batter and it was yummy. For dessert we ordered two draft beers and two shots of tequila. The tequila list was lengthy with a minimum of 30 choices! The beers were tasty and the shots were huge. The waitress brought us a Sangrita which I learned is a customary partner to a shot of blanco tequila. The Sangrita highlights the tequila's crisp acidity and cleanses the palate between each peppery sip. I had a great meal and learned something new! Last but not least our waitress was awesome. She checked on us frequently, was knowledgeable about the menu and told us about a local seafood restaurant to try.Nachos are one of the best around
Everything is so fresh
Place has a lot of character
Bartender spotted us a drink for moving at the bar
Table turnover is quick 
Look for parking within a couple of blocks
Jukebox is 50songs deep, and that's awesomeOur favorite food in fishtown and we're likely enough to live right around the corner!  The service and staff are awesome and it's generally busy with a very friendly neighborhood crowd. I've never had a bad meal here and their veggie choices are delicious!Great addition to Ftown. It has become our spot that a family of four( 2 kids in tow) can enjoy a meal that is not a chain. Thanks Loco Pez for always a good meal and good service.Best.
I have nothing bad to say about these guys, they're doing Mexican Jesus' work and showering Fishtown with tacos as God intended.
I've tried most of their dishes and enjoyed the living fuck out of each one.
Drunken midnight nachos and Margaritas is a guilty pleasure.
Viva la flatulence!!So far the food is good. Mountain pile of nachos that takes multiple people to eat. I had the chicken quesadilla and they were much larger than I expected. They were super cheesy and tasted fresh. My friends got the tacos which were a smaller size. 3 a piece for each order. 
This was definitely a great place to go with friends. It's large enough for groups. It is noisy so be prepared to raise your voice. It's not a "chill" spot just mostly good food and good vibes.As 2013 winds down my mission to hit all the Top 50 Bars from 2012 in 2013 has hit a fast track.  Which had me at Loco Pez early on a Monday night but the place got packed fast.  Probably because they have a great happy hour, $3 draft beer, $4 margaritas and half off nachos easy to see why.
I had some friends rave about the taco and other say they were so-so so I just got one, randomly selected the mushroom and I loved it.  The bartender ask if I like spice and recommended a few drops of El Yucateca Chili Habenero sauce to match my taco selection.  I took the recommendation, it was great for those who want a small kick but the mushroom taco would of been excellent without it.
Nacho were large, but despite my plans to only each half take the rest home I ended up eating 3/4 and left the last 1/4, cause lets face it nachos aren't great leftovers.  I thought they had a good balance of cheese, salsa, jalapenos, and refried beans and it was hard not to find a chip without something on it.  I hate when you eat the top layer and it just chips underneath these were layered nicely.
The place had more of a dive bar feel to it rather than a Mexican restaurant.  Well a dive bar with flat screen TVs, it would of been nice if they had the close captioning on the TVs since they had music playing.Being from LA, I never knew how much I missed good Mexican food until I moved to the east coast.  I've been on the east since early 2008 and I'm always on the lookout for a good Mexican restaurant. Which surprisingly is kind of hard to find. In LA, it was given that any Mexican restaurant that is actually run by Mexicans would be pretty good. But in the east coast, especially in the Princeton area, that was not always the case. So when my bro in-law and his girlfriend suggested Loco Pez, I immediately looked it up on Yelp and was excited by the 4 star average it received from over 130 reviews.
The décor is very hip and trendy and they have what looks like a full bar. There's bar seating and some high tables next to the bar as well as a main seating area in the 4 booths and a couple of tables. Its not the biggest place so it may not be good for big groups.
They have a pretty decent vegetarian option which worked out well for us since one of us doesn't eat meat.  Our group ordered the nachos with soy chorizo to share which was very good. I ordered the carne asda burrito which was also very good. The meat was well seasoned and very tasty. My only complaint was that the tortilla was over cooked and a little crispy. But that may be a person preference. Also, I wished my burrito was a little bigger for the price I paid.  Others in our group ordered the shrimp and fist tacos. They liked them but wished they knew they had the option to have the meat grill instead deep fried.
The service was excellent and very attentive. Our food came out promptly and drinks were always full. Overall, it was a very good dining experience.
4 stars for decor
4 stars for service
5 stars nachos, 3-4 stars for tacos and burritos.
4 stars for cleanlinessWent here for the first time on a Tuesday evening after I heard it opened the week before...PACKED!!  Great sign and now I know why - Happy Hour 5-7PM!!  Margarita Please!  The tacos are mini ~3" in size...hence the cheap price so order a few different ones to try.  I tried the Al Pastor and Pez tacos.  MMMmmm, must try more Al Pastor!!  After Happy hour ended, I switched to the Negro Modelo and ordered the Nachos de Kenzo.  Wow!  The best Nachos...better than Dos Sequendos in my opinion!  3-different meats on top with all fresh ingredients stacked high and every chip had some deliciousness on top!  I took half home as I was stuffed. 
The menu is simple.  The Tequilas and Cervezas are plentiful.  The margarita I had was delicious...just could have used less ice as it was gone in a few swallows.  The service is friendly and you may recognize some faces from Xochitl and Swift Half.  
I recommend this place, but please don't park in front of my house!!  I like my neighborhood and the ability to find parking!  :)I went on a Saturday mid-afternoon. It wasn't too busy, but they had steady business. The margaritas are delicious, and the enchiladas were very good too. I also got the chips and salsa. The salsa is amazing. Both the enchiladas and the chips and salsa were large portions, so I was only able to eat half, and I took the rest home with me.What a cool place! Friendly staff, great food, and a well-maintained bathroom (if a restaurant has a nasty bathroom, you know the kitchen ain't clean).
I've been eating at Loco Pez for years, and they still manage to impress me each time. Juicy meat, generous portions, a very attentive waitstaff. At the suggestion of a waitress a few years ago, I tried their french fry nachos. Best decision I ever made there (unless you ask my doctor)!
Be sure to sign up to the Facebook page for exclusive offers! Sometimes they have dollar taco nights that only a select few get to know about!
As busy as they are, I'm shocked they haven't opened up another location or expanded. It's the only downside to the place is that their elbow-to-elbow crowded. But then again, if a restaurant is packed every day (like Loco Pez), you know they're doing something right (unlike the ghost-town that is Chipotle these days).Loco Pez never fails to please, it's a regular spot for me.  They tend to be busy most times I go there but since I prefer to sit at the bar it's never a problem.  The bartenders at Loco Pez are almost always swamped but you wouldn't know it since they're so attentive and on the ball.  The food is always good though I only stick to tacos and nachos.  Margarita's are delish. 
If I want mexican food this is my go to spot.Quite a hike for us - since we are closer to old city - but was definitely worth the cab ride.  Mixed drinks were excellent - i especially liked the monte carlo.  Shot of tequila given with a chaser of bloody mary mix (something like that).  Food was awesome - we tried every kind of taco there as well as the burrito.  Its a very chilled out place - good for groups as well as families.
definitely going to try and go backOh Loco Pez a Mexican staple for fishtown. Do not come here on $1 taco night you stand to wait atleast an hour minimum. Aside from the crazy compact days on dollar taco frenzy this place is a solid decision for food and drinks. 
    The nachos are an absolute favorite for me, they just have mastered the perfect ratio for every topping to ensure you get a bit of everything with every tortilla. The beef is seasoned perfectly, cheese melted to a gooey perfection and diced veggies juicy and crisp. If you actually looked around the bar while pondering about what to order you would see an order of nachos on every surface top; hinting that you should try some too. Tacos are small but pack a punch and drinks are well blended and above average.
   Although the place is small if you're willing to wait (which you should be used to waiting if you live in the city) this place lives up to the hype, is satisfying and easy on your pocket.Really good guacamole but kind of overpriced. Tacos were good and cheap, the carne asada was flavorful and had good texture. A friendly atmosphere and good decor. I will be sure to visit again.We were so pleased to stumble upon this cash only Mexican restaurant. With a long wait, we opted to sit at the bar and had very friendly and efficient service. The food was very affordable and tasty. The menu had a variety of options to accommodate both vegetarians and Pescatarians. I really enjoyed the fish tacos, as well as the shrimp tacos and the shrimp quesadilla. I was a bit disappointed to know that the shrimp were not deveined Although it did not take away from the flavor of the food.The ambience was quite nice, and appreciate it that we were able to watch sports on the TV. Happy hour, which went to 7 o'clock, made it an even better deal. They had two dollars off draft beers, and five dollar nachos. The next time that we are in West Philly we will be sure to be back.Your typical fishtown hipster vibe, with that said, it is still an awesome place! The food is great, why I love it so much..they offer hard shell tacos! Believe me, very hard to come by. In addition, they prices are awesome and the staff is friendly
Great local hang out! I've been about 5 times and cant wait to get back!We came by on a Saturday night at 7pm and had no problem grabbing a spot. We started with an order of the Nachos, which were generously portioned and topped. Our waitress waited patiently for us to finish them before bringing out our tasty Pez Tacos (definitely on the smaller side as reflected by the price point) and our Cochinita Pibil Enchiladas. Overall, solidly good food and nice service.What's the spanish word for efficient?  I went back here the other night and let me just tell you: this place rocks.  I gave four stars last time, but they've officially gone up a notch in my book because the bartenders here are on top of their shit.  They made our drinks right away, the food came out quickly, and they even gave us free chips because we had some leftover guac.  That probably doesn't sound like that big of a deal since it was just a basket of chips, but I appreciated their thoughtfulness.  I'm certainly not an authority on Mexican food, but trust me anyway because my meal here was good.  As if there weren't enough reasons to love this place, they still have an amazing happy hour special here (cheap mini tacos, $3 beers, $4 margaritas Monday through Friday).  There's no excuse not to get up here and try this place out.Admittedly, Loco Pez and I had some rough spots. It was early on, and I was holding grudges about the cash only part and poor service from people who no longer work there. I have let go of all grudges, and now I'm obsessed. It's so nice (and dangerous) to have really yummy tacos and beer so near my house. The happy hour is kick ass with cheap nachos (that don't feel skimped either just because it's happy hour). The salsas are all so good, and I'm pretty sure I can down an entire appetizer portion of the guacamole all by myself (and in only a few minutes). I've gotten to the point where I'm okay with waiting a little to be able to get a table here, though I look forward to the expansion because it's just too dang small for all the greatness it holds within.I'm so happy my friend brought me here. I was visiting from NYC and unsure of this plaice. It's actually quite perfect. The special taco was steak writ potatoes and insanely yummy. The fish and pork tacos were also really good. Living in New York made me unreasonably picky about food, but this bar food was better than most Mexican restaurants I've been to. Bravo!Sooooo the server was cool... nachos were amazing... but the tacos were the worst I've ever had... literally tried every one... my woman couldn't even stomach that... I tried smothering them with the sauce... couldn't fix the dryness and lack flavor... I didn't know you could mess up chorizo, but it tasted like it washed in water, pressed, and somehow had a hint of licorice... this is all a bit harsh because I really liked our server, but seriously it destroyed taco Tuesday for us....A nice watering hole to add to the Fishtown area. If you love tequila they have a good selection. The few mixed drinks I had here weren't really good so instead I just stuck to shots. The place has a good vibe and is always packed. If only they had a credit card machine and wasn't cash only it would be 5 stars.One of the best Mexican places in philly. Their tacos are amazing especially the shrimp. They have delicous nachos that are perfect to split. They have great margaritas and the staff is always friendly. It gets very crowded though and it is cash only. Having a Mexican craving? This place will not disappoint!Speaking of Great Bars, you don't even need to try the food to have a good time at Loco Pez.  
Great Bar, Great Bar Staff, Good Cheap Beer, Great Drinks, Outstanding Tequila Selection, Solid Bar Vibe.
A+I really love this place ! the bartenders are on point the tacos are delicious, they treat you like a regular when you come in, So stop by try the al pastor taco and the shrimp tacos you can't go wrong with either of them.By far my favorite Mexican spot in the city.  Going on record over here.
Fantastic guacamole, chips, and salsa.  Excellent selection of tacos no matter what you're in the mood for (meat, seafood, vegetarian) .  They also seem to always have a list of food specials for the night.  
Last night we went with the scallop tacos and the pig wings from the specials list.  Out of this world.  
My other go-to items are the carne asada, al pastor, and chorizo tacos.  Burritos are solid is as well.
Overall I don't think I've ever had something I didn't like from here.
Beer wise, they have a substantial list of drafts and cans.  
And if you've ever been here in the past, you've probably had to wait for a table at some point.  Don't worry about that now, they just opened the second room as a larger dining room, so there shouldn't be an issue in the future.  Well, maybe on $1 taco night.
Pro tip, if you don't feel like waiting for a table just order ahead.  They do take out.
It's only street parking in this area so be prepared to drive around a bit during peak hours.This was honest to God one of the worst restaurants I've been to..well it ties with one. Largely in terms of customer service. My boyfriend decided Mexican so we thought we'd give this place a shot. It was an American owned restaurant with a lack of Mexican entrees. The food was honestly nothing crazy, nachos however were not bad and plentiful! My taco salad was eh. Barely any dressing and was missing the taco part of TACO. The dressing was barely on there. They should try romaine instead of arugula. I'd rate it a 2/10 I didn't even eat 3/4 of it. My boyfriend wasn't crazy over his tacos either, he said they were dripping with juice. 
Now our waitress. My oh my oh my. We were seated by the hostess who brought us our water. The waitress took our order and started off with the appetizer. Soon after the busboy brought it out - not even our waitress. He was great - he should be the waiter instead. After we received our nachos we spent about 20 minutes eating them without our waitress coming to check up on us. She finally stopped by our table when our nachos were basically done and brought 2 small plates for us - which was pointless because we were done handpicking our nachos. She then took our order after eating our nachos. I thought that was absurd! The meals should be noted by her around the same time not when the appetizer has been finished! So we were sitting around for quite a while just waiting for our meals. Once again, the busboy brought us our meals and our waitress had yet to even stop by. Surprisingly she did, only to bring us the tray with sauces and I told her we would be needing refills. She never came back for them or checked to see how everything was. It's not like she wasn't by our table or anything she hung around the paying area/ computers a few times. I was so aggravated I wanted to leave. My boyfriend asked a waitress not even ours because she was once again MIA for our check. She brought us it and we left. Never ever ever coming back again. Save your money and go to an actual Mexican restaurant. I honestly would have rather went to Chilis.