I have been to a number of dog friendly hotels...just not in the city and did not know what to expect. Usually they are motel like.  This one was in the heart of the city.
I walked tentatively into the hotel lobby as i have a labrador/golden mix who is not easy to hide.
We got to the front desk to register and i was still feeling uneasy although my  bf had assured me it was a dog friendly hotel. Reception was so nice immediately putting us at ease. As we checked in an attendant asked if Bentley could have treats which she fullly enjoyed. The Reception person also asked if we would like a welcome kit for Bentley. Holy moly. Of course. Dog dishes, a mat, treats, etc. I was blown away.  
Plus the guests at the hotel all stopped to compliment and pet "queen Bentley". Our room was on the top floor. Awesome!
Even when i went to walk her the car attendants greeted her by name. We were so impressed with the service we decided to come back an extra night. 
Thank you Loews. I didnt realize a hotel could be so dog friendly especially to a big dog.The Loew's hotel is very clean and looks very nice. The service is amazing. My family and I wanted to stay for a whole month. The breakfast there is fantastic! My son said it looked like it was the future. That's how nice it was! The rooms were nice size and the parking is convenient. That's why I give the Loew's hotel 5 stars.Stayed one night.  Room was clean and comfortable.  Employees were consistently the best!  Valet, front desk, servers, room service, all were courteous and eager to please.  Good place to stay, would return.Absolutely fabulous stay at the Loews hotel Philadelphia! The service was fantastic! Room was clean, had a great view. It was my boyfriend and i's anniversary and the hotel gave us champagne and chocolate covered strawberries at no extra charge!  My boyfriend spoke with concierge Kimmy and she made everything so special! They even put rose petals on our bed while we were out at dinner! Would definitely recommend to a friend and we will definitely be coming back to stay again!Summary: great location, great service, incredibly comfortable clean rooms. First rate.
We stayed here for two nights when we were in town to work the election. Got a good deal through TripAdvisor using Booking.com . When we arrived, we were told that the hotel upgraded our room. Turns out to be a large room with huge king bed on the 18th floor with a corner view. Spectacular! Everything was clean, modern and lovely, and the sheets and comforters and pillows were incredibly comfortable. Room was very quiet we heard only the slightest noise from the binging of the elevator and the slamming of doors by our neighbors.
Parking was easy, if a bit pricey, but worth the convenience. Great service on check-in from valet parking to assistance with luggage to checkin to assistance with luggage to our room. Concierge was extremely helpful arranging for a dinner reservation at short notice. 
We did not use the bar which looked great, particularly if you are a Bourbon lover. 
Lobby area is stunning, with renovated marble and a safe from its former incarnation as a bank. 
Perfect location, a block from Reading Terminal Market and access to all the attractions of center city Philadelphia.Stayed here two nights for a conference. The rooms were very clean, comfortable, and fairly modern looking. Convenient location, definitely safe. All staff was very friendly. Lobby is busy, but nice place to sitI've walked past this hotel many times whenever I'm in the city. This hotel is pretty nice. The lobby area is really nice. So many events in this hotel. Quite a few TVs to catch up on the latest scores from different sports.The rooms are very updated with a great tv, work area and furniture.  The set up of the tv in relation to the bed was weird but I guess they couldn't put the TV in front of the windows. I was also excited how close Chinatown was located.Having an awesome stay. Had to be somewhere very early so I parked in the valet and brought my bags into the lobby hoping they could hold them for me until check in. Turns out, they had a room available, and I was able to get right in around 6am. Truly grateful as I woke up at 4:00 this morning so getting a 30 minute power nap on the comfy hotel bed before heading out was a real treat. The room is nice. I like the layout. Very open with lots of windows. Magnificent views of the city and you don't hear traffic at all from the upper levels. I ordered room service and the food was great. Later, I accidentally locked myself out of my room and security helped me get back in. They checked my ID to make sure it was actually my room, which is good practice. I was apologetic but the security guy was so nice. Everyone I've interacted with today has been a joy. I wish I remembered the valet's name this morning. He was wonderful. This is my first time at the Loews and I'll definitely be back! The staff is incredibly kind and accommodating. My room is clean, my bed is comfy, and I'm happy. Thanks Loews!GREAT place to stay! My husband and I spent our anniversary night here and the front desk (Jake) sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne and anniversary card. We stopped at the bar on our way out to dinner and the bartender gave us 2 drinks on the house as well. Great service didn't end at checkout... 2 weeks later my husband realized he left his eyeglasses at the hotel....we called and were transferred to Craig in Loss prevention who said that a pair of eyeglasses were reported found and that they would mail them out to us immediately free of charge. This by far is the best service we've experienced from our travels in the Northeast!! Clean, modern, and excellent service.I am in love with this place! ! A charmingly friendly and helpful staff. Incredibly diverse excellent spread for breakfast. Chocolate covered strawberries as a treat in the room. Great location across from Redding Terminal.  Great happy hour in the hotel bar!!We had a very nice stay at Loews Philadelphia over the Labor Day Weekend. 
The location is perfect, close to Reading Terminal Market, restaurants, center city, and provides easy access to the other Philly sites! I found the cost per night for a weekend stay to be more affordable than many other hotels in the city and also in the surrounding areas outside the city. 
Our room was very spacious, clean, and well equipped. I was impressed with the overall size of the bathroom and the comfortableness of the bed! I was very pleased with how quiet the hotel floor was at night, even though the hotel was full that weekend, which contributed to the relaxing atmosphere and sleep in the room. We ordered coffee service the night before for the following morning, as we often do at many places we stay. The presentation of the coffee tray was reflective of the high quality of hotel Loews exhibits. In addition to the coffee setting, glasses of ice water were part of the service and the waitperson, who delivered the coffee, was very friendly, professional and helped to start our morning off on a positive note!
The only reason I did not give the last star in the rating was due to the cost of parking. Parking at the hotel is valet only and they charge $49+ per night for guests staying at the hotel, which I find outrageous. Instead of paying this price, we used Parking Panda to locate a parking garage, one block away for only $24 per 24 hours! I don't mind walking a block or two to park if it's only going to cost half the price of the hotel. 
I do recommend the Loews Philadelphia and plan to stay here in the future!terrific front desk staff, clean rooms, terribly slow and unfriendly bar/waitress service in lobby.Beautiful lobby and helpful staff all the way through from check-in to check-out.  There are plenty of cabs outside if you do not want to take mass transit.  If you do need the train or bus, there is a subway stop one short block away and numerous SEPTA bus stops up and down Market St and the cross-streets.
The room was spacious and clean, although the bed was a little less than comfortable.  There is a Keurig machine in the cabinet with complimentary bold roast, decaf, or green tea with creamers and sugars.  There were ice and soda machines located on the floor below us and the container for the ice kept everything so cold that there were pieces remaining the next morning.
The only gripe I had (and the reason I deducted 1 star) is that the room service food was not that great.  One night I returned to the hotel late and my relative wanted to order something to eat.  We shared a "barely ok" pizza and slice of chocolate cake, which seemed to be at least a few days old.  However, the good news is that there are countless places to chow down for all meals up and down the nearby streets so really, room service shouldn't be necessary.
If you can, check out a sunrise from one of the higher floors.  I didn't expect to see that when I got up pretty early one morning.  You can also look out onto Market St traffic depending on which room view you get.
I would recommend this stay for any amount of time, short or longer, (I was able to get a very reasonable rate on Expedia) because this place is very welcoming and comfortable.  The convention center is right across the street so I think a lot of people were staying here for the Auto Show.
On our last day in the city, we checked out early and the concierge downstairs even held our bags in storage until we were ready to pick them up and head to the train station.  This was a very convenient service and helpful to us.
Check it out if you need to go to Philly for anything.Great original International Style Hotel.  They say Art Deco but...
Central in town.  On Market Street.  Walking to good restaurants and close to subway station.  6 or so blocks from Independence Square.  
Great pool.  Was lucky enough to be there on the third Thursday of the month to see Jeff Bradshaw play in the lobby bar.  He was fantastic.  That alone was worth it.  
Pricey room service.  Amenities were fine. Nothing special.  They charge for internet which I hate.  Windows don't open.  Kuerig Coffee maker in room and a $5.50 bottle of water (really?).Enjoyed a weekend at the Loews,  Valet was easy.  Our room was very nice, though I felt it was on the small side for being one of their larger corner rooms.  Art Deco furnishings, flat screen TV, coffee maker and fridge in our room.  Did think the bathroom was starting to show signs of its age.
Did not get a chance to eat at Sole, the hotel's in-house restaurant.
This is South of City Hall, near the convention center.  So if your target area is Rittenhouse Square, you may have a bit of a hike.  Though not in the perfect location for our stay, we did enjoy the Reading Terminal and found a couple of retsaurant jems on Chestnut.
Overall, I would not put Loews in the same breath as Sofitel, Park Hyatt or the Four Seasons, but it was very enjoyable stay at a very reasonable price for what we received.Dirty rooms & headboard trash under the bed. alarm clock and radio doesn't work. unknown substance on curtains in the room appears to be someone's DNA. absolutely no benefit to the concierge level not allowed access to the club or library. Hallways and elevator  look like they haven't been cleaned since it was the PSFS building. incompetent Front house staff that are unhelpful unwilling and unknowledgeable to accommodate adequate serviceStayed here for an annual owners meeting for my company in January 2015, the hotel is beautiful and provides all necessary amenities.  Unfortunately the hotel lost power the saturday night we were staying there so no showers or toilets worked in the entire hotel, you would of thought the hotel would of refunded that night but nothing was offered.  I did not have the time to wait in line to discuss the options available to me and later found out that they were offering the option to move to a local partner hotel or recieve a refund.  I was never offered either.As promised, I came back and am glad I did.  Try the parking across the street (12th), only $8 per 10 hour span on the weekends.There is no other building more modern as  the PSFS building from 1932
Around here. The aesthetic, combined with the professional guest services and the lobby area / restaurant / bar offers a sophisticated experience for those who are looking to have a modern experience interpreted for the 21st century. 
This will not be the last time I will stay at this gem when in town.This was an amazing hotel from the service to the room. Everything was impeccable taken care of. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was spacious, well laid out and very clean. It is centrally located that allows you to get to places very quickly by foot. If you are in Philly I need a hotel, this would definitely be one to reserve.You see that picture of the hotel? I stayed in THAT ROOM.
I stayed there a few years ago on a vacation, and they upgraded us to the top floor -- it was the day before Thanksgiving, and it was EMPTY. For the end of the vacation, we (me and the ex-) were tired, and this was the perfect prescription for relaxation. We had an extreme view of the city, and it night, it was gorgeous.
The beds were comfortable, the place clean, and at the rate we were paying, an absolute bargain.
Did I mention I stayed in THAT ROOM?This hotel has a great location close to Reading Market and the room is very clean and comfortable. Customer service has been great! My husband is a big fan of the steam room on the fifth floor. Would stay here again without thinking about it.Very nice hotel, awesome cityscape views, staff is friendly, level 33 restaurant and bar are a must.Just to let you know I'm from Jersey but LOVE to go out to Phila. a lot! So, I was in the city to see HIM and I booked a hotel via Hotwire and they gave me a pretty good deal but the experienced sucked my window was facing another building just garbage when you are looking to see the city lights. The room was nice but nothing to talk about I've been in a quality Inn better than the room they gave me and be sure NOT to touch a thing in the mini fridge!!! Best part about staying there is that my friends and I crashed a wedding that night. Be sure to go on the 33rd floor where you can see the great city of Philadelphia! What a view! but you are seriously better off just taking any other hotel in Phila. Just have fun with it and see what you get you make the experience don't let these big named or expensive rooms do the taking. Be spontaneous!The staff is great. They are friendly, genuine and caring. But how on earth are we supposed to relax or sleep in a room that feels like 86+ degrees. 
It was 100 degrees outside and we needed to cool off and relax after driving up from Maryland. There was no relief in our room even though the thermostat said 60. They brought up two box fans when we asked so that helped a tad but when we're staying in a $400 rm hotel, I expect a comfortable room. Even room service noticed it was extremely hot and we should keep fighting. It was cooler in the hallway.
PROs:
- 1/2 mile from Liberty Bell and attractions 
- cool hotel, different from Marriott that's right across the street 
- cool bar, food served till midnight 
- 24 Hr room service 
- pay as you drink bar in the room
- the manager was nice enough to comp us all fees outside of the room charge (parking, meals, etc)
- valet gave us cold bottled waters after asking how our stay went
- Starbucks across front door 
CONs:
- older hotel with a ton of floors 
- not the Marriott with all of its newer features like A/C
- tough to pump the A/C up to the 17th floor especially when it's a million degrees outside 
- they were willing to move us rooms but the only one available was a double bed and the air wasn't much cooler, not worth the move
- they said engineers were working it but they never came to our room 
- foyer and elevators smell old and musty
- valet-only parking is on 12th St: $48/night with in/out privileges 
- no fridge except for bar fridge, we shoved our leftover cheesesteak sandwich in there
- we woke up in the heat and couldn't wait to get out of there
- I'll never stay againGreat hotel--location and proximity to everything was fantastic! Service was great, especially Kimmy--she was incredibly kind, attentive, and helpful!!On a recent work trip I picked Loews among the other similarly priced options on hotels.com (probably why I did not receive a welcome goodie bag) b/c I prefer more modern decor and it was close to my meeting location.  My room was quiet and clean, but if I compare it to somewhere like Palms Place in Vegas (same price, similar style), there is no comparison.  Loew's is just OK.  As with most higher end hotels they nickel and dime you for everything, so I was happy to have my hotspot for internet. On the upside it's walking distance to the light rail (direct line to the airport) and the Asian district with banh mi shops, yogurt cafes and dim sum places.Ryan Watson is the greatest bar tender in the place. He knows his shit and can make a mean Bloody Mary. You are welcome!The Loews Philadelphia is what I imagined Gotham City looks like. The hotel is Art Deco and absolutely beautiful. We stayed over New Years and the decorations were beautiful. It's centrally located so there are tons of restaurants and museums within walking distance. The views are beautiful. You should definitely take a trip up to the 33rd floor for a great view of the city I was very impressed with the room an staff at the hotel. Everyone was friendly, helpful, and very attentive. It was great amenities and a nice bar downstairs. My stay was very relaxing and I would return again.I was perfectly content with my stay at the Loews. The rooms are nice, but they are a typical hotel room, nothing special. The staff was very attentive and friendly. Probably the best part of the hotel was the fitness center, which was large and even had a small lap pool. The hotel is older and the heat near the elevators was very high on the lobby floor. It didn't really affect my stay, but I wasn't expecting to start sweating while waiting for the elevator while dragging my luggage. The hotel is nicely located within walking distance of several historical locations, and I would stay here again if I were to return to Philadelphia.The room is small but clean. Parking is a bit over priced considering the other lots. The pool is very tiny. We left after 10 minutes because children were none stop screaming and splashingCame here for a weekend trip to visit relatives and show the kids some historical sites. The location was awesome. We walked pretty much to all the sites and to eat. The hotel honored our request for a high level room so we were very appreciative of that. We got a military rated room package so that was an extra bonus that included free valet, and $25 off food/drink each day. I would definitely stay there again for the price we paid. I felt that the hotel was slightly on the worn side as far as tears in upholstery in the lobby, etc but it was very slight. The bartender and wait staff was very friendly. We were pleased with our room minus a few stains on walls and tear in shower curtain, but nothing super major. We did miss having a fridge or microwave in the room. The fridge in the room was stocked with extremely over priced items. This hotel is also dog friendly. I would recommend this place to friends if they can get a great deal like we did!We had a room block at Loews Hotel for our wedding in February. They gave us a great rate and all the communications to figure out the details went very smoothly. Our suite was huge and beautiful and they went above and beyond with extra touches to make it feel special. We loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again, and would also recommend it for any couple who needs a room block for their wedding.I stayed at the Loews in Philadelphia . The service was very good. Our room was pretty clean. The beds were soft and modern. We had a great stay!
-Jacob Butcher (age 8)We got to check-in early and that rocks! 
The luxury king room was gorgeous and the view of the city was even better. The staff was friendly and efficient. It's located near Chinatown, the Gallery at Market East, Convention Center, and city transportation (trolley/cab/bus/sub). Sole Food had an affordable dinner special for two. They have snacks, a bowl and floor mat for your dog =)
We parked in the garage across the street on 12th that cost less than Loews valet parking. The bottle water in the room is not complimentary, so don't be fooled by that picture provided on here.
On the 31st floor, there's free breakfast food for those who stayed on that floor...and I got up there and ate!! 
BEWARE of the elevators. Our friend got the ride of her life, luckily the door opened and she jumped out before it shut.. she had minor bruising...they comp'd her food and room, but still, that was pretty scary.
In the middle of the night, our shower blasted on and the water ran for a hot minute---it freaked me out!!! Ghosts?? IDK??? 
The room door slams shut really loud, so you can hear people come and go. We weren't able to complain the next day because the check-out line was too long. Oh well.Had a nice stay here over the July 4 weekend. The staff was friendly, the room was clean and comfortable, and the location was convenient. We were within walking distance of everywhere we wanted to go. One thing that really impressed me was, even though we stopped by our room several times per day, the cleaning staff always managed to clean our room while we were away. At most hotels, if you are in your room when they get to you, you're probably not getting service that day. My only complaints about this hotel are the expensive parking, no fan in the bathroom (there is a vent though), and there isn't much room in the fridge since it's filled with purchasable items. We found cheaper parking down the street so no worries. Would def stay here again.This review is not for the actual rooms but for the top floor and terrace.  I was here for a reception and I wasn't quite sure where I was going.  The gentleman at the front desk seemed more than happy to help me and directed me where I needed to go.  Somehow he magically knew what I needed almost right away.  Anyway, top floor is gorgeous.  In a word, think MadMen.  The views are stunning especially as the sun sets and you get to see the city light up.  There staff was friendly and seemed eager to help everyone.  I didn't get to try some of the food because I didn't get around to it, but what I did have, some cooked vegetables, some pita and cheeses, were good.  I think the vegetables would have tasted better if they had kept them heated.  The drinks were good too!  As the reception was wrapping up, several attentive bartenders came up to us to make sure we had gotten any last drink orders in.  That impressed me because usually people just wanna close up shop and peace out, not ask for more work.  There were also a bunch of desserts.  My favorite was the fruit tart.  Just melt-in-your-mouth delicious!Such a great experience staying at this hotel for my wedding.  Staff really went out of their way to accommodate my stay.  From the coordinators, housekeeping, front desk, security, and bell services all were attentive and genuinely wanted to make my stay great.  They say it's all in the details and I would say that lowes fulfilled that from the embroidered pillow cases with name and date, multiple welcome notes, complimentary chocolates/chocolate covered strawberries/root beer/chocolate covered pretzels, rose petals, and champagne.  Well recommend all my friends visiting Philly to stay here.Their complimentary hot spiced apple cider was the bomb! I was sick almost the whole time I was there so it was helpful.  Rooms are nice.  I think I would have enjoyed it better if I wasn't so sick.  The only thing that was super annoying was the service downstairs.  It wasn't every day but some days some of the people at the restaurant acted shady and uniformed about things going on down there. 
Things are super expensive there so be prepared for that.  However, you can get to other places fairly easily.  Don't expect some of the front desk people to tell you. Some have no clue about anything outside of the hotel.  There were only two people that I knew I could go to that would give me good directions and information.The Loews is a renovated bank, and still boasts many of the original details of the building, including an old-timey bank vault and beautiful marble throughout. I love the Art Deco styling of the building.
I've stayed here as well as attended conference proceedings here. I liked my room very much when I stayed. It had a lovely view of the city, and was comfortable and quiet. My only complaint about my stay in the hotel would be that room service was particularly overpriced, even by hotel standards. 
As a conference venue, the Loews is A-OK. I did find some of the room layouts awkward for the presentations, but that may be due to the conference organizers as much as the hotel. And of course, it was overly air-conditioned, but this is typical of any conference setting. The only aspect of the conference that I would hold against Loews specifically is the lack of clear lobby signage; it took a while to find my conference, with two others (!) taking place simultaneously in the hotel.
I would recommend the Loews for your downtown Philadelphia stay, especially if you can finagle a deal on the rate.I loved my stay here. The room service was top notch the view was grade A and the mini bar was stocked with the best stuff. Too bad the girl I was dating at the time was a total B but that's neither here nor there. Beautiful atmosphere great location would stay again!I love this hotel!! The staff is amazing, the location is perfect, and the beds are amazingly comfortable. I stayed for about a week for work and ran a conference here. This is my go to hotel when planning conferences. I loved every minute of it. The meeting space is perfect and it's really cool how they still have the old bank door in their big ballroom- added a nice touch to our meeting. The bar/lounge down stairs was very convenient especially after a long day at work. The food is food- really good!! The location was perfect- I went out one night and explored the city with a friend and he took me to about 5 different places- all walking distance- from a tapas place to a hookah bar ending at a French restaurant. 
All in all definitely check out this hotel for a meeting or some where to stay when visiting the city. I'm back in Philadelphia tomorrow so I look forward to stopping by the hotel bar/ lounge.This is the second time I've stayed at the Loews--great both times!  The customer service is amazing.  There's 24 hour in room dining and it is actually good and really fast. The rooms are quiet--no noise from other rooms. I got sick during my stay and the staff extended my reservation and made sure I had everything I needed.  I appreciated that they went the extra mile to make sure I was comfortable.  The only thing I didn't like is that the mini-fridge had no room in it for take out.  Also, the doors slam really loudly--it's the only noise I heard in my room.Pros:
- Staff was very friendly. Doormen always greeted you, the front desk let us access the room earlier than we anticipated, and the cleaning woman pointed us to our room.
- Price was better than most hotels for the dates we stayed.
- Good location.
Cons: there is really only one - lack of cleanliness - but it's enough to dock 3 stars. We arrived in our room to find some blonde hair and some black hair on the bathroom floor, in the tub, and on the bathroom counter. When we were waiting for the elevators to take us down to the lobby, we noticed a thick layer of dust on the outside (see image). Then, to top it off, we returned to our room after a being gone the entire day only to find housekeeping had not come. We requested new towels which were plopped on the tv stand when we returned later in the night, but disappointingly there was not an effort made to clean up anything like the hairs in the bathroom.
I won't return to this location.Me and my girlfriend stayed there 12/28/13.  We awoke to find a mystery brown substance on the duvet about the size of a silver dollar .  WTF?!?!  Obviously the maid did not wash it, awesome.   Then we hear loud squawking coming from the hallway.   Mind you its about 8:00am on a Sunday.  Come to find out its the maid yelling about her crappy life to another co worker.  The squawking is perfect because we are both hungover.  This goes on for 20min.   My girl also finds peanuts by the tv stand and hair in the shower.  We complained to the front desk, but got no apology or "will take care of it" attitude.    I dont care about decor or modern furnishings if the room and staff are crap.  I have had cleaner, nicer, and more give a sh*& attitude from staff at a Holiday Inn.  
Take it from someone who travels A LOT,  find another hotel.Attended at wedding in the city Friday night.  We stayed one night at the Loews.  The hotel is very nice, the staff were very accommodating.   Check -in wasn't until 4:00 and the wedding was 4:30.  We were able to check in early enough to get ready without a lot of hassle.  The 3 star rating is for the $36 to park for less than 24 hours and the $12.95 they wanted for WI-FI.  Really?  I would have parked else where had I know what the charge for parking would be, and as for the WI-FI, went to a local coffee shop and got if for NOTHING!Had a massage through groupon. My initial experience was terrible, and the worst massage of my life, but then I emailed the staff there and they're going to try to fit me in on another day. Hopefully this time will be better than the last!Stayed there for a conference.
I used to travel for business -- 75+ nights a year on the road -- and I don't know that I've ever stayed at a hotel with better customer service than this one. Every single member of the staff was insanely helpful, and bent over backwards to make sure my stay was awesome and that the conference went off without a hitch. 
Location is great. Rooms are nice size and well appointed. Amenities are lovely. But it's the awesome staff that makes this hotel top notch.This hotel has excelled beyond my wildest dreams when it comes to service! I realized after I was in my room for the night that I had forgotten to pick up distilled water for my cpap machine. When I inquired where the closest drug store was, they offered to pick it up for me! I am amazed and delighted by their service and friendliness. While I'm at it, the room is very comfortable and pleasant, too!The Lowes seemed like the right choice to stay for a weekend in Philly.  Overall, we were satisfied, but for the price we paid, our expectations were greater then reality.  The biggest minus for me was the bed.  I was really surprised when I saw a rollout bed.  The layout of the room was strange.  A large but wasted hall way.   It looked like it was part of an enjoining room.  Also, I couldn't get the curtain to close all the way. Should be simple right?  The bed faced the window and that little crack of lite woke me. Other than that , the place is super clean, all staff were helpful and friendly.  But not sure I would come back.Called ahead because our plane was late and they said they would hold the room we had reserved months earlier. Then when we arrived they said they had no room for us. She barely apologized and that was that. The people checking in next to me were also quite frustrated and got no response. Bad management.Awesome place to stay!!! Beautiful hotel with very nice rooms. I was on the 30th floor so the view was spectacular!!! 
Very close to everything, walking distance to many sights!!!Had a really nice stay at this hotel during a wedding weekend - friendly staff, sharp decor, clean rooms, comfy beds. It was expensive, sure, but not beyond what I would expect for a Center City hotel as nice as this one was. It's close to basically everything, easily accessible, etc., & we had a great - FREE! - breakfast buffet on the office level on Friday morning. The bridal suite was massive & well-suited to our bridal party's needs, too, & the indoor balcony made for a nice photo op for the bride & groom pre-wedding. Did I mention that the higher-up floors have an incredible view of the city skyline?. Because they do. 
Pro-tip: Parking is terrible ($I think it was, like, $40 a night valet, or $20 a night at the skeevy lot around the corner?) so I drove out to Fishtown, parked on a residential street, & took an Uber back to the hotel for the weekend. 
Definitely worth checking out if you can stomach the prices. Worth it, I say.We came to Philly from NY just for one night for our 1 year wedding anniversary and randomly choose this hotel, mainly because of its location. We could not have had better service, everyone from valet to front desk was super polite. Kimberly from reservations upgraded our room free of charge when we said it was for our anniversary and we had a gorgeous king suite on the 22nd floor with amazing views of the Philly sky line. When we checked in our front desk agent really made the difference. Big shout out to Loly who was so friendly and really made our night special when she sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne and a delicious slice of chocolate cake! They also left two hand written cards, one from her and one from the manager! We've never stayed in a Loews hotel before but we will definitely look for them in the future from now on. Seriously well deserved 5 stars. Gracias Loly!!!  Love Mr. & Mrs. PegueroWhenever I am in Philly I stay at this hotel, and in the last two times they assigned me to the same room on the 16th floor. Not sure if that was by chance or not but when statistics are considered that is very infrequent. The rooms are modern and the king sized bed is comfortable. They have ihomes (radios) for the ipod or iphone which is good when traveling, it allows you to make the room feel somewhat like home. The staff is nice and valet is on time, but you have to stay on them if they get busy. The last time I went there I stayed for two weeks and when I went to get my car someone left the interior light on (it could not have been me since I arrived there during the day) it drained the battery so the car would not start not to mention there was a small dent on the side of the car. I tried to work it out with the manager but he was some kid and didn't really care too much, after 15 minutes of going back and forth, I called a friend at the Four Seasons and he told me he would call this guy's manager, which then it was still never worked out. The hotel lobby bar is very cool and modern. The location is great, I normally walk or catch a cab to get around the city.  
Even with the car thing I will be comming back.Absolute terrible customer service at this hotel.  I cannot comment on the rooms, as they were not able to honor my PAID in-full in advance hotel reservation.  We used Priceline to reserve a room at this hotel and upon our arrival were told they were overbooked and unable to give us a room.  They said they would relocate us directly across the street at a Marriott; however, when we went across the street, we were told we were at the wrong hotel.  I confirmed three times with the Loews Hotel employee that the hotel was directly ACROSS THE STREET.  THe hotel they actually relocated us at, and finding it after walking around downtown Philly, was actually several blocks away.  The Loews offered no sort of compensation or transportation, and just said there was nothing they could do.  I contacted their customer service twice, and have not received a response back in almost a week, not even an acknowledgement of my e-mail.  
I contacted Priceline and they were able to resolve the issue.  Thankful for them, because obviously the Loews does not care.Such a fantastic experience at the Lowe's Hotel these past few days. My company got a group of about 15 together for business meetings yesterday & today with colleagues from NJ, NY & PA, so we all arrived at different times via plane, train & car. We arrived yesterday morning for all-day meetings in one of the private conference rooms at the hotel & stayed the night at the hotel. From arrival to departure, the service from the staff here was exceptional.
David, the bellman, greeted me outside before I even had 1 foot out of the taxi. He took me straight to the check-in counter.
Jamie & Emily at the front desk assisted with my check-in and were SO cheerful and friendly! 
Duc, one of the food banquet guys, was my favorite of all. Since we were in the Anthony Conference Room on floor 3 for business meetings, we had catered lunch, drinks & snacks from the hotel. Duc was super attentive to our needs, came to refill waters & sodas from the table, set up the lunch table, & I was convinced he was psychic. Every time one of us would look around in need of something, Duc just had the uncanny super power of knowing what we needed (location of restrooms for example). Duc is awesome!!!
The rooms were HUGE, super clean, nicely decorated, new appliances & the soap products smell SO good. The bed was probably the biggest bed I have ever slept in. I should have slept horizontally to fully utilize the bed space. Fresh flowers in the lobby and a very pleasant experience upon arrival and every time we would walk through the lobby. 
The hotel was busy with other similar professional work groups in town, & the downstairs restaurant & bar (bar is called Bank & Bourbon) was unexpectedly quite the attraction of the lobby area. Even if you weren't staying at the Lowe's, I would highly recommend getting a drink at this bar. Friendly bartenders too. 
You're doing great work here, Lowe's! Looking forward to staying here again the next time I'm in Philly!Great location: walking distance from lots of restaurants and historic sites. The worst feature was the lack of refrigerator in the room! There is a mini fridge but only for the sale of their items. You get charged for merely opening it (see photo). So, if you plan to bring back leftovers or drinks, you're SOL. For over $200 per night, that is completely unacceptable.So, the Loews. I think it's changed my life. I've been to the Loews Hotel before; I hang out there on occasion in the lobby bar and watch football or major events on the four screens. It's fun and it's a comfy, elegant space. But this time I did more than hang around for an appetizer, I actually checked in for a Thanksgiving "staycation"! Oh the bliss!
Everyone (and I mean everyone) who attended to me from the doorman to the front desk and room service attendants were kind and helpful. 
Sometimes hotel rooms can make you feel claustrophobic, not at the Loews. My eyes lit up like Christmas lights when I saw my room. It was very spacious with high ceilings and a good view of the city skyline. The furniture was sleek & trendy as well as comfy. And the bathroom was quite large and well designed too! It had the razzle dazzle of luxury while still making me feel like it was a very liveable space. And the thing that made me really feel like a royal were the robes they had hanging in the closet. They made you feel like you were wrapped in warm chocolate silk.
This hotel is also near everything that's anything. That includes City Hall/Dilworth Plaza where there are always activities & events summer and winter; The Reading Terminal Market; Chinatown; Midtown Village; Avenue of the Arts; Rittenhouse Square; Old City, etc. Since I spent five glorious days at the Loews I made sure to take advantage of the promiximity of all of these great nearby locations. From Black Friday shopping, fine dining as well as cheap eats to movies and museums, I did it all! And the Loews made sure I did it in style.I stayed here for two nights recently for a friend's wedding and was largely impressed. The rooms are spacious and have good views, the lobby bar is nice and the food is good. I thought my room was well priced at 139/night, but that is below the normal price since we were part of a wedding guest block. The hotel staff were also very nice without being over the top. 
I only have two minor criticisms and I'd still recommend this hotel overall. First, the breakfast buffet is ridiculously expensive - 16 dollars for continental and a whole 35 dollars if you want anything hot. The food was good, but not 35 bucks for breakfast good! Walk to City Tap House for brunch instead. 
The other criticism is an unfortunate circumstance rather than anything the hotel is doing wrong, but it still affects the experience - the street/block the hotel is on does not smell good. Something was up with the sewer or something. Hopefully it's not always like that. Fortunately our room was on the twentieth floor and the street level smell was not an issue there.Overall I had a great experience here:
Pros
- Costumer service is top notch
- 24 hour room service, which is surprisingly good.  Plus they deliver wines by the glass or bottle.  And they tell you your order will take 30-40 minutes, which is totally tolerable, but every time I ordered I had my food in less than 20 minutes.  I'm talking breakfast, dinner, and dessert.  No idea how they do it, but damn Loews, you're winning me over
- Safe
- Convenient location (especially if you are going to Thomas Jefferson).  There are tons of restaurants featuring different cuisine within 4 blocks and many of them give you the option of take out
- Awesome gym.  Not only is it huge, but it has large windows that enabled me to stalk people in the Marriott across the street. Makes my feeble attempt at a workout so much better
- Cucumber-lemon water in the lobby and gym (naturally detoxifying!)  
- Amazing bath products.  The conditioner is off the chain and thick enough to use as a shave cream if needed (you're welcome)
- Super duper comfy bed
- Free wi-fi
- They'll hold your bags at Customer Service for as long as you want
- Nice lounge, with outlets everywhere
Cons
- Housekeeping could be a little better, but overall the room was clean, spacious, and very comfortable
- I stayed in room 923 in a Deluxe King room.  Per the website it says that 
Deluxe King rooms face "either downtown Philadelphia or Delaware River."  Yes my room did face downtown Philadelphia as in office buildings and other hotels.  However, it was not a big deal as I was only in my room to eat and sleep
- Parking is crazy expensive, but it is a city.  What did you expect?  
Next time I'm traveling I will definitely consider staying at a Loews again.I was supposed to attend a professional conference today, unbeknownst to me it was cancelled. As I wandered aimlessly on second floor mezzanine I stumbled in a ballroom and an employee stopped what she was doing to try and help me locate my conference. She stayed with me until she solved the case of finding out the conference was cancelled and she validated my parking. 
Superb customer service, I hope someone from the hotel sees this review and gives Andrella (spell check) a pat on her back.Only there for a conference - what an architectural time-capsule/gem. Wish some of the "updating" could have been less generic and more period-specific.We stayed here for a wedding and were pleased. Location is great, right down town. Room was decently sized, clean and nicely appointed.  Friendly and attentive staff. Great views of the city. They did a nice job keeping the PFSF decor. Ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant and they had scrapple on the menu. Yum! The only thing keeping this review from a 5 star rating was the lack of free internet in the room (free Internet in the lobby) and the toilet, a low flow variety, tended to clog. I'd stay here again.3-4 stars rating for EVENTS & Ballrooms (we did not stay at the hotel).  The space is lovely and events are well planned and well run here.  And the location is sooooo convenient.I stayed here for 4 nights for my first visit to Philadelphia with my new man. He was able to get a great deal on the "Bed & Breakfast" plan where you get a $50 breakfast credit for the morning after each night's stay. 
We had a corner room on the 12th floor with an amazingly comfortable king sized bed. The Loews also had a number of special touches that made our stay comfortable. The rooms come with a complimentary Keurig machine, supplied with coffee and tea. The bathroom amenities were high quality, and the hair dryer was heaps above the standard hotel ones. The lobby also had complimentary hot cider, and early morning there was a coffee bar set up. 
There was free wi-fi for 3 devices each day, and the signal was actually really strong, which was unexpected to say the least. 
About the "Bed & Breakfast" plan: Served at the hotel restaurant Bank & Bourbon, and we both felt it was only worth it if you always eat a hearty breakfast. I think we didn't reach the $50 at least twice, so YMMV...although you can easily reach it if you order juice, coffee, a main, maybe some fruit....etc.Checking front desk person was not nice and made a rude comment. Not a welcoming first impression. 
Valet was great and so friendly. Fast. 
Good location for Convention Center. 
Room. Fine. 
Best part of the whole stay: the buffet breakfast/ brunch!!
$30 buys you the most delicious spread of top quality meats/ fruits/ pastries/ EU style delicacies. 
The buffet should be on everyone's list while visiting Philly.Probably the best, most friendly staff of any hotel I've ever been to, (I typically hate everything/everyone). 
We arrived at 11:55, just planning on ditching our bags with the concierge until our room was ready, but much to our surprise, they had a room ready for us. Outstanding!
The rooms are modern, clean, and comfortable. Really what else do you want? 
For $250 total (Room was only $204 and parking overnight was $46), you simply can't beat this hotel. 
HUGE recommend. WAY better than the just average Sofitel. The service here was what sets it apart.As one of my co-workers put it, I am going to travel based on where the Loews are!  First rate hotel with excellent staff.  The room was nicely appointed.  
They had a refrig with a mini bar but would bring up a separate refrig so you can put your own food in free of charge.  
View of Philly was great. Lounge service awesome.  Concierge knew their stuff without even looking it up. 
Only minus is internet is not free in your room only in the lobby.We made a reservation in October, for this trip now in April. The reservation was made for TWO double beds. In addition, knowing that we were arriving late, the room was fully paid for to secure the requested room, and a follow up phone call was made two weeks prior this trip.
Upon arrival, there was only one full bed. Due to the late arrival, they were unable to accommodate any room switch. When calling in the morning, I was told that people still needed to check in and they would see what they could do. Considering the fact that we were here for a rather large conference, I knew the chances of obtaining a room as the day went on. Further more, I do not understand why they "needed to see who else needed to check in" when our room was reserved and fully paid for. 
This room also is a handicap accessible room, which means that there are shower accommodations, and there is a handheld shower head. When the shower head is on the stand, it shoots right at the wall which makes it difficult to just shower. 
I know that Loews has a great reputation, but this visit is very disappointing and just unacceptable. Clearly, despite having reservations, they blatantly do not have any care for their paying customers. 
P.S. Thanks for the roll-away bed, it is awesome (read sarcasm)We were planning a trip to Philly for a long weekend and found a great deal for Loews on Priceline. Hotel is centrally located and perfect for tourists like us trying to see it all in three days. Parking was outrageous but apparently comparable to everyone else at a banging$46 a night. Rooms were clean, beds comfortable, decor modern. Housekeeping was good at keeping up with rooms. Concierge was helpful when looking for place to watch Rousey fight and eat thai food. No spectacular views of city from my room which would have been a complaint had I paid full advertised rate. They know when you book through Priceline and place you accordingly in standard double queen rooms. Totally fine by me! We werent looking for the luxury, we were looking for location without paying a fortune. There are deals out there that can land you in a place like Loews for a hundy a night.  At that price, in Center City, who can complain?Nice looking barkeeper, who serves fast and with a smile :-) sometimes he even does a trick or two ;-) I ordered a global jukebox: cherry infused rum, Chili liquer, port wine and watermelon. Really worth a try!One thing that I can't stand is when the staff lies to you.  
I recommend anyone looking at this place to skip past it and just stay across the street at the Marriott.This is the hotel where the Republican party met in Jan. 2017 to discuss how to repeal Obamacare and remove health insurance from millions of Americans.Still undergoing renovations, but the changes are looking good so far! The updated rooms are well done...very modern furnishings with lots of space! Also they are starting to do all the things that a hotel should..the updated toiletries are very nice quality, as are the bedding, etc. What I'm most impressed by tho is the clear upgrade in customer service that has taken place over the past 6 months. I don't know how they did it, but most of the staff's politeness was forced previously...and much of the staff seemed as if they'd rather be somewhere else (save for the bar staff...they've always been great!). Now everyone there seems like they've worked in 4-star settings for a long time...very gracious, very relaxed and clearly very focused on you the guest. I'm impressed!
The place will take another huge leap forward when the new restaurant, called the Bank & Bourbon, opens in the coming months. The plans and menu look awesome!!!
Kudos, Loews...you have reinvented yourself and done a wonderful job of it!This hotel was very conveniently located to all the things my husband and I needed to do in Philly during our last visit there. Close to many historical sites, some live music venues, our friend's art gallery, shopping, and great food. The doormen were always on top of their game, never missed a beat. I felt looked after and safe. It was really easy to get a taxi or rideshare to-and-from the hotel. Inside, the lobby was comfortable where I found a mix of tourists and business people. The front desk and concierge were all smiles (which is so appreciated!) and ever-helpful. I really felt like I was a regular treated with such kindness and respect, and that they recognized me. The elevators were quick and in good working condition. Our room was spacious, clean, and had a nice view of the boulevard. Though it was humid and hot outside, it was nice and cool inside. I appreciated that the desk working area was large and plentiful. And I always appreciate hotel rooms where electrical outlets are placed thoughtfully. I would definitely stay here again!We just got back from a four night stay over the holiday weekend and we cannot be happier with our hotel choice!   Our room was phenomenal and everyone there was so nice.  It was remarkable, the level of customer service and kindness every staff member exuded.  
Check in and out was easy and quick.  When the called to confirm our reservation, they found out we were celebrating our anniversary and there was a bad title
Of
Champagne sent up to our room, along with a beautiful card that was not only signed by a number of the staff, but had notes of well wishes written in as well--classy and such a nice,
Personal touch.   Excellent location and top staff--we wouldn't stay anywhere else!I stayed here a couple nights this week, my most recent trip to Philly.
What I liked most about this place was how absolutely incredibly wonderfully dog-friendly it is, from early morning to late at night, from absolutely every person who works here (the guys in the parking garage, the guy who held the door, the concierge, the front desk people, the guy who helped with suitcases, the people who work in the bar, the guy who was cleaning the carpets, the woman who brought towels, the guy who brought soap, etc) -- there was no forced-smile contrived patronizing WHO'S A GOOD BOY cold-hearted patting on the head, my little buddy would've snapped at 'em, he hates insincerity just as much as I do -- they even gave him his own water bowl and food bowl and place mat and poop-bags and dog-tag, all to keep and take home... This aspect was awesome...
As for everything else, it was fine -- a little anonymous and corporate feeling, a little generic perhaps, not necessarily the most luxurious or posh, but they do their best to make you feel warm and welcome -- and the location was awesome -- nowhere I went or winded coming back from was more than a few blocks away... I'd definitely return!Room was comfortable, but paying for internet ($10/night) was a petty ripoff. Really? Even cheap motels are giving free wifi, and a place this expensive should have it as an amenity. It is also horrible quality; I couldn't even log onto some sites, or it was dialup slow. Location is nice, only a few blocks from some really nice restaurants and shops, as well as the historical district. It took me almost 10 minutes to get from the 30th floor to the Lobby...most of it waiting on my floor. What's the deal?First let  me say I was in town for a business trip. The inviting party paid for my (one night) stay and made the lodging accommodations for me. I have to say bravo to the inviting party for putting me into the Loews Hotel and bravo to the Loews staff. 
I arrived on my check in date running late (especially for business event). Traffic on 95 North was horrible. I came into Loews looking a bit out of it. However, the staff at the check-in (with smiles) did ask if there was anything they could do to ease my stress. I was also met with the VIP Manager Adeline, who was super nice and gave me to minute to collect myself. She offered water, I think tea, but I was fine.  
Though my room was paid room for, I still had to provide a card for $50 to be taken out for incidentals. Cool. My room was a corner room on the 18th floor with a GORGEOUS view of Market St.and beyond. Windows all around. To my left was City Hall and directly in front was Market St/The Marriot and all of Philly beyond Market St.  I was greeted with a lovely note from Adeline, a complementary package of chocolate covered pretzels, Fiji water and a bottle of root beer.  The king size bed was super comfy. I slept GOOOOD! The bathroom was beautiful. I felt really at home in my room. 
The (valet) parking was a bit steep. $36 plus tax  just for that one night stay. Also, the inviting party had made reservations for me at Sole Food, the hotel restaurant, for breakfast the next morning. However, I actually did a light fare after dinner the night before with drinks. Everything was delicious with good strong drinks. The staff is always ready and eager to assist you, esp. if you look lost. Catching a cab to my event from the hotel was a breeze and the doorman was a true professional and a gentleman. 
All in all, if I had to come back and pay for everything on my own, I WOULD but ONLY if I had the money to do so. The perks, the comfort and the fact that it seems to be in a good location is WORTH the cost, sans the parking. I would try to find a cheaper alternative to park if the stay is longer than a one night stay.  Yet it's a 5 star hotel. It truly lives up to the standards! 
Come to Loews in Philly if you have extra money to blow on hotel comfort!I travel quite a bit for business and pleasure at various cities so I have a good idea of what to expect at various levels of hotels.  If this were an average priced hotel I would give it 5 star, but since it advertises itself as a luxury hotel and is quite expensive (I paid $260 per night with tax, and that was with my conference discount!), my expectations are understandably somewhat higher.  I will say I did very much enjoy my stay, but was it worth $260 per night for 4 nights? Not really. Also watch out for the $45 a night valet parking (what?!) and park down the street at 12th and sansom in a self-park garage for a much more reasonable rate ($18-25/24 hr).  The hotel is very conveniently located a block away from the convention center and reading terminal market, subway stations.
So the rooms are quite elegant and modern looking.  I love the sleek and elegant design, and the rooms on the upper floors have amazing views of the city.  It took me forever to find the keurig coffee maker but it was hidden in the cabinet under the TV.  I had a large king size bed and a large desk that could sit 2 people, and the bathroom was also quite spacious.  We did have free wi-fi which was nice (upto 3 devices at a limited speed).  The thermostat/temp control seemed to work pretty well.
The hotel does have a nice bar downstairs (Bank and Bourbon) which also serves drinks in the lobby area, which is a nice area to hang out, though the cocktails are a little pricey.  Sometimes the lobby has infused water, which is nice, but that was quite inconsistent.  The pool (a 2 lane lap pool) and fitness center facilities were quite nice, but the one day I made it down to the pool to swim laps, a few minutes later it was taken over by a hoard of small children who didn't understand the concept of a lane pool, and their parents provided them no direction in this, which was quite frustrating.  There were 2 lanes and no one was in the other lane so I would've been fine with them staying in that lane, although they were noisy and boisterous, but they were jumping in on both sides (jumping also wasn't permitted) and they were swimming all over both lanes and even walking on top of the lane dividing down the middle and blocking my path when I was trying to swim back and forth.  Their parents were just sitting in the chairs around the pool fully dressed and staring, but not directing their kids, which just added to the awkwardness.  But I felt like the hotel should have stepped in too and provided some direction about what the pool was meant for. 
I found the cleaning service a bit lacking for such a luxury hotel.  Spots of my room and the hallways were quite dusty, especially the bathroom and hallways outside (where I could see quite a few dustbunnies and a layer of dust!).  They also didn't fill the toiletries each day, although I used them. I usual like taking a sample home of the shampoo/conditioner at some of the nicer hotels since they provide high quality samples but they didn't provide more each day as most hotels do (I was there 4 days).  Also, the bathroom started out with a nice white fluffy mat that was very cozy to walk on.  Unfortunately I dropped a few drops of coffee on it the first morning.  I thought they might clean it, but instead they replaced it with a really thin crappy white mat that was fraying on the edges and it would slide around everywhere and not stay in place (not safe!).  I felt like they were punishing me for spilling something on the other one, which just seemed incredibly rude, but either way it was quite poor quality material for a luxury hotel. 
Then my last day I find that they left me all decaf coffee!! I call but no one comes for 15 min so I ask the maids outside if I can have some regular coffee.  They tell me they have been out of regular coffee for 2 days and can't give me any.  Seriously?! There's a 711 across the street, there is no excuse for being out of coffee.  I would've have gone to get some myself but I was still packing and getting dressed and ready to leave and check out and had limited time.  After a few call backs from the front desk we finally get it sorted out and someone brings me a few keurigs (I suppose they had some stashed somewhere after all).  Definitely not what I expect at a luxury hotel, but glad they finally fixed the problem after a half hour (not a pleasant half hour when you enjoy a coffee to get going in the morning).
In sum, this is a pretty nice hotel and I enjoyed my stay, but a few areas I felt were lacking to make it worth the luxury name and price.Absolutely disgusting hotel with poor management. First -- our king room was not honored... Even after we confirmed it hours ahead of time. Hard for two adults and a toddler to share a smaller bed. Then we were given a horribly dirty room. They changed our room to a queen room which not only didn't fit our sleeping needs but was also dirty. So at midnight with a toddler in tow, we called another hotel and fled for a good night sleep. Only then did the manager show some shame and remorse and offered a certificate for a free room. Too bad my family will never step foot in this dump again.We  have stayed here many times. We knew someone in management who has since moved out of the area. The service was great but that may have been because we were on the VIP list. There are a few restaurants in the hotel. We ate at one of them one night.
There is a train station about  a block from the hotel that is very convenient.  We usually stay in the Premium King suite and luxury King suite. The marble bath was really big and clean. It was within walking distance to Reading Terminal Market.
There is a gym and pool also.
We ate in the restaurant  a few times. It has a lounge feel. We actually can't remember what we ate or any of the other details about the restaurant but I know we ate there  a few times so it wasn't bad. Just not memorable.
Over all it was clean and we always had great experiences with this hotel. But there are so many other hotels in Philly and we have stayed at many. It doesn't stand out as being the best but it was just fine. No complaints.Very poor management. I've been asking for a coffee machine since morning because the one in my room is not working. I called the desk and I went to the dest personally more than 5 times. All they told me is "wait a min, we'll send someone right away" Nobody ever came in my entire stays. Totally waste of money. Not worth it.Great spot to take your dog on an urban adventure. Great service from everyone especially car valet staff. When parking they told us to call ahead fifteen minutes and the car was there. Very pet friendly in an ultra urban setting. Philadelphia has gotten their act together. We didn't see one rat - welcome award for much improved category. Loews hotel is PSFS building seen in all the skyscraper shots. Cool building. Great views. Totally modern in the lowes funky style. Most comfortable bed. Tip: let your dog follow city dog and your dog gets the idea and eliminates without the need for grass.I love the Lowes in Philly, I always stay here when visiting! While I will admit, the floor needed to be cleaned better, my luxury king room was perfect, overlooking the city lights at night and the oversized tub made me want to stay in for the night.  The staff was very friendly and accomodating.  The parking is $40 a night, which they never mention until you arrive.  However 2 years ago they offered free wifi for guests... The nickel and diming done by these hotels and airlines are becoming a bit rediculous.I really enjoyed my stay at the Loews Hotel. It was pretty clean, came with lots of towels, really nice robes, and a super comfy bed. The staff is really friendly and the security is top notch in this place. Didn't try the food though. The only thing that was kind of odd to me was I could never find the main entrance to this place, I always had to use the unappealing garage entrance. Other than that I liked the place.Love.  The room was very nice and the hotel bar downstairs was wonderful as well.  Room service was prompt and the food was good.  Can't remember much else because I stayed about 2 years ago, but I would definitely stay here again.  It was in a great location, right downtown.Good for gays.
Our room was very nice, with a great eastern view.  The hotel itself is an Art Deco gem, with a spectacular view on the top floor.
The staff was very nice and helpful, and when we checked in they gave us a guide to gay Philadelphia.  Right on.I stayed at Loews Philadelphia 7/16/17, to celebrate our anniversary. We are from NY so we were excited to get away. We had the Grand King room on the 32 Floor, the view was beautiful, however the room was FILTHY! There was thick layers of dust on every table all over the phone, on the blinds and the drawers had hair and dust in them. We were very upset, I called the front desk they said they would send someone to clean it and a bottle of wine
They did not offer another room. The wine arrived within 10 minutes, but it took them 45 minutes to send someone up to clean the room! When we checked out I requested a bellhop to take our things, he never showed up.
Customer service is extremely important to me
Cleanliness is a must!, especially with hoteling 
Very disappointedMy wife & I went BACK to this hotel as part of our 5th year wedding anniversary and stayed in the same Governors Suite, again! Same room & all! The staff treated us like royalty making our stay the same as it was 5 years ago on our honeymoon. Absolutely amazing!! This is perhaps one of the finest hotels we've ever been too. Fresh sheets, bottle of champaigne, chocolate strawberries, free thick white robes...aaaaahhh, the memories!The Hubby and I attended a wedding reception at the Loews and decided to stay overnight. WOW! We had a view of City Hall from our room. The wedding reception was a BLAST. The sit down dinner was wonderful. Nicely decorated banquet room. The Bride & Groom also had an after party on the top floor with a view of the Ben Franklin Bridge. The theme for the after party was "A Taste of Philadelphia". They had a great spread all of Philly's favorites (cheesesteaks, italian hoagie, soft pretzels, tastycakes and water ice)."
This was my first wedding in Philadelphia and it exceeded my expectations.
The only downfall was the valet parking. Too expensive for the wait . . . Next time, we'll park in a public lot. More convenient and we'll save $$$Convenient location with friendly front desk staff and fun room design. Unfortunately, the positives stop there. My room was incredibly hot despite setting the thermostat at 60 (lowest it would go) for 15 hours. It was extremely uncomfotable. There was also mold on the shower curtain in my bathroom.Went into the city for a conference and was thrilled to be staying at what I thought was a great hotel.  Turns out just hours into my stay the power went out and forced us to have to sit in dark rooms with no running water or we could trek down the stairs to an exit.  I was on the 32nd floor and had a dinner engagement at 7pm.  Since the power was out I had to forgo my planned outfit which was a dress and heals. (Anyone can understand not wanting to go down and up 32+ flights of stairs in anything but sneakers).  After returning to the hotel and finding no running water (No showers, hand washing or toilet flushing...) I went to bed and thought I can deal with this.  In the morning I packed my bags and headed down to the conference room for my meeting.  When I got home later that evening I was unpacking and realized I had forgot my dress in the closet, I immediately called.  The room had been cleaned but was still vacant (A sigh of relief, or so I thought).  Turns out the cleaning lady said "there was no dress in the closet, it's the first place I look".  Just great, so I had to deal with a power outage, no running water than an employee who is a thief??  The hotel is taking no responsibility for the dress or the fact that one of there own employees stole it.  If the power had not gone out I would have worn the dress and it wouldn't have been in the closet, still on the hanger from the dry cleaner.  So yeah, the thief got a very expensive, dry cleaned dress.  So disappointed in the hotel for not pursuing this further.  I will never go to Loews again.I stayed at Loews for six nights. I found all of the staff to be pleasant, friendly and focused on customer service. This includes my interaction with doormen, checkin, concierge, housekeeping, restaurant, bell service, room service and restaurant. I can't think of any place else I've stayed where the staff was consistently this nice. 
The King Deluxe was comfortable and had windows overlooking downtown on two sides - although I didn't spend much time looking out. Being able to look directly into several offices in a nearby building was just plain weird. Figuring those office workers could look back, I kept the curtains closed. 
After the first three days, housekeeping no longer removed used towels and washcloths. They did add clean ones. It didn't appear the bathroom was cleaned after the first three days. I don't make a mess as a hotel guest, but it surprised me that housekeeping services were different between the first half and the second half of my stay. 
The minibar was convenient and the beverage prices were typical. $6.50 - $7.00 for beer. $10 for wine. They also attach a service charge. Avoid the snacks, Those were priced at $8 - $10 for items smaller than a vending machine size serving. 
I very seldom use room service, but my schedule was so full, this was a convenient option for three evenings. Telephone staff were friendly as were those who brought the food to the room. A room service charge of $4 and a 20% gratuity are automatically added to the bill. Presentation was excellent and the food was good.
A guest in the next room had locked herself out, knocked on my door and asked me to contact hotel staff to let her back in her room. The hotel staff acted quickly and security took care of this guest promptly.I'm not a traveler. I live in philly. My apartment is taken over by bugs so we need to stay at a hotel. Loews is always our first choice now. They are always very on top of any problems if there were any. 
Back to the room, it's a very nice room. Enough to space. We are at the 17th floor with a Luxury room. The view is incredible. I will post pictures. Bed is nice. Bathroom is huge with a tub. I have no complain!  
Staffs downstairs are very nice! They could get us a little sooner. They have two sides of tables checking people in I guess.not really sure. They try to make it high class so signs aren't really presented. 
Anyway. It's a nice pleasant stay! ;)loved this hotel. only stayed here 1 night for our 2 year anniversary but it was nice. awesome view and I still remember that yummy breakfast we got from room service :) would love to go back one day.We really enjoyed our stay at this Loews hotel a couple of weeks ago.  The service from arrival to departure was fantastic in every aspect.  We were greeted very warmly at the door, checked in quickly and were constantly greeted and offered anything we might need throughout our 4 day stay.  The room was very spacious and we had two walls of windows which was nice.  Everything was perfect EXCEPT the doors were so loud!  Everytime we closed ours or our neighbors theirs they would slam shut.  Even when we tried to be quiet they were surprisingly and disturbingly loud.  There has got to be something they can do about this.  Aside from that my boyfriend was awoken and kept up a couple nights from some knocking in the walls, possibly from pipes?  I never noticed it but he said it was a consistent annoying sound.  Either way we didn't let these minor annoyances ruin our stay and we definitely appreciate the customer service over all.Ugh, I've been trying to write this forever!  Every time I sit down to write it I just get even more irritated with my stay.  So, I'm going to be quick with this or I'll never finish a review again in my life!
"Meh. I've experienced better" is right.  I've experienced better from Holiday Inn Express and that's not to denigrate Holiday Inn Express .  I was really pretty disappointed with this hotel.  First of all... Loews has a great reputation (as far as I had heard) and second, I paid a lot.  When I pay a lot I do expect more from my stay.  These are a list of the things I don't expect when spending over a thousand dollars.
1.) Being checked into a room I didn't reserve.  I am by myself, I don't want a room with two double beds, nor did I reserve one.  Come on!
2.) Being given a room with big paint (or maybe Spackle) splotches on the walls in several locations.
3.) Routinely being given false information on business location and hours by the concierge team.
4.) Furniture that has seen it's day come and go.  Drawers that are partially of hinges so that it's always getting caught on other drawers, etc...
5.) Wi-fi - inaccessible.
6.) I was there for a conference and on several occasions they changed the location of a session but did not put up any sort of signage as to it's new location.
7.) Additionally, in most ever session it was a struggle to hear what the presenters were saying because the audio for the neighboring rooms were bleeding in. 
8.) Bad information about the airport shuttle... luckily I was so ready to get out of that place that I was way ahead of schedule.  If it was a typical trip I probably would have missed my flight.     
I understand that this might not look like much but put them all together (and believe me, there's was more) and you just get an crap experience.  I know that I will never stay there again if I'm ever in Philadelphia and now I'm not sure I'd stay at a Lowe's in a different location if given the choice.The Loews Philadelphia knows what they are doing and lives up to its reputation as a stylish, boutique hotel while maintain excellent customer service. From the moment you pull up to the curb, each employee warmly attends to you. Every last employee makes you feel like you are on vacation. I highly recommend this hotel!Great hotel right in the middle of a lot of things to see. The train station and the double decker bus tours are right across the streets. My bed was very comfortable. I couldn't understand the long strands of blonde hair on the bathroom floor considering I'm bald and AA. Apparently housekeeping don't clean the bathroom floor after each guest. That's my only compliant other than that top notch hotel 5 starts. The fitness center is state of the art along with the swimming pool.In the end they paid for us to go to another hotel one night, and then this am they gave my wife and I an amazing suite. Even providing free champagne and fruit. How could I not give 5 stars. Ohhh and the morning manager even admitted they shouldn't have given our room away ;-)Spent a wonderful 5 days last July in Loews Hotel. Had the With Love Philly free parking/hotel package. Good thing because the parking is expensive. The hotel is an art deco delight. The lobby is beautiful. We had a very big room with two extremely comfortable beds. The Keurig coffee maker in the room delivered delicious coffee. The bathroom was a good size plenty of counter space with comfy bathrobes. But the view was outstanding! Very friendly and attentive staff. Our room was kept spotless everyday and we received a thank you for our comments. Which is very nice. Had brunch in the Solefood restaurant found on the ground level of the hotel. We truly enjoyed our meals. All in all we enjoyed our stay in Philadelphia and the Loews hotel added to that enjoyment.As my moniker suggests, I love food. So what does a foodie do to celebrate the holidays? Plan a self-guided gastronomic adventure through one of the greatest, food-loving cities in all the land. This year, my fianc and I decided to hit as many hotspots as possible by spreading our feast out over two days. In order to do so, we booked a night stay at the Loews Hotel. 
I chose the hotel because of its convenient location. I booked a somewhat reasonably-priced package which included parking-that deserves at least a star. Due to a website glitch, I had to call to book my reservation. After I hung up, I realized I never asked about our check-in time. Unfortunately, I found out it wasn't until 4:00PM! That is the latest, lamest check-in I've ever heard of. Subtract aforementioned star. We arrive early and ask them to hold our bags while we go out to get some grub. The receptionist tells me we can stay in a lesser (price/quality) room now or wait for the room we paid for/deserve. Um, we'll wait. She assures us she'll call when the room is ready. We stay relatively close by anticipating a call. No call. Thankfully, the room was ready upon our return. It was on a high floor (the concierge level). Yay! Loved the views. It seemed clean, and looked modern. Star added. Well, hold on a second. While it's true for the majority of the space, the bathroom had some maintenance issues. The sink had a huge crack in it, and the several lights were out. Disappointing.
Since our package included free drinks at their restaurant, we stopped at Bank & Bourbon on our way out for the evening. Great bar, friendly bartender, excellent cocktails. 
Overall, we enjoyed our stay. The one aspect I'd be remiss not to mention is their fantastic customer service. As a native of the City of Brotherly Love, I can admit that it's not always the friendliest place to be. The staff here polishes our tarnished reputation (sports fan, you hear me?). They were all genuinely nice. That was much appreciated!! Yep. Another star added... 
However, in this competitive market, you've got to up your game a little. Perhaps you should hire more cleaning staff to prepare rooms faster. In addition, keep up with maintenance issues in order to enhance the guest experience.Stayed here for a 2 day business trip. The staff was AMAZING! They all went above and beyond for my coworker and I, made us feel really special! The room was very clean and big with a gorgeous view. Complimentary Keurig machine in the room, which made my mornings a little easier. 
I will definitely be back!A nice hotel stay with beautiful rooms. Late night room service arrived quickly and was tasty. Morning breakfast was delivered on time and perfectly to order.
This review is more for the spa at the hotel:
The spa itself is actually more of a hotel gym area, a very nice fitness set up but more gym than spa. There's a small, good lap length pool for swimmers and ample cardio machines plus weight training machines.
The ladies' locker room is nicely sized with a steam room and sauna to enjoy before your spa treatment. Plenty of towels to be had and comfy robes.
It's still a locker room though, accessible by hotel members there for the gym or the pool, so my particular visit was punctuated with small children and nursery music playing to entertain them. Not the peaceful atmosphere I prefer in my spa visits.
There's a quiet room with lounge chairs tucked in the corner of the locker room where I curled up to relax...until an employee popped through in street clothes and cursed when her key gave her trouble at the private access door. Not quite as quiet a quiet room as one might like. Also, as employees passed through, they focused on their cell phones and didn't even acknowledge, quietly say Hi, or even softly excuse themselves for disturbing people in the "relaxation room". The demeanor of the staff was casual to the point of rude.
Overall, this was a good combination of amenities to welcome guests of the gym, pool, or spa - but as a spa day goes...this is not the place to invest in for a day of pampering and unwinding.Went for a nice weekend break. Great place (I have a weak spot for machine-age deco - and this building is a gorgeous example). Very handsome interiors - apparently just re-done about a year ago. Excellent value - especially the pool, gym and spa. Beds are extremely comfortable and amenities are quite nice.
Tips and rags:
Ask to be put on a floor with an ice machine (they are only on every other floor - I think the even floors).
Wifi comes in 'slow' for $12 bucks a day and $14 for 'normal' (like in your home). And they cheerfully allow you to use 2 to 3 devices! Silly.
Lastly, parking is $38 a night unless you get a package deal, which basically adds about $38 a night to your bill. But directly across South 12th St (where the Loews parking garage is), is a self-park lot for $17 a night (they offer discounts to Loews employees - go figure). You have to park on the roof, but hey, I'd rather spend what I save on food at Sole Food or the Market!The thing that I liked most about this hotel is that it's centrally located and the staff is very nice.  We came here with our two young daughters and the staff was very sweet to them.  They made us feel special, which is what I expect at a 4 star hotel.  
The hotel was a savings and loan corporation at one time, in fact, a safe door is still visible in the main lobby.  The main lobby itself is nice and modern, however, sparse.  The upper floors have a modern if not slightly outdated feel but are clean crisp looking.  We stayed on the 31st floor which had a large sitting lounge with flat screen TV where a continental breakfast was served complete with muffins, bagels, jam, cream cheese, smoked salmon, coffee, and juice.  The room had a wonderful view of the skyline, was spacious, had an old HDTV, and a nice sized bathroom.  The beds were very comfortable and I slept very well both nights we were there.  
As a side, we decided that our 2 yr old daughter wasn't going to sleep well with us in bed because she's a light sleeper so we asked the staff for a roll-away bed.  They got one to our room right away and told us that it would be $25/night.  We were fine with that, however, upon checkout, we saw that they had waved the roll-away bed charge.  Very nice.
If you're going to do 'touristy' stuff, this hotel's location is perfect.  Walk 6 block east and you're in the historic district.  Walk 2 blocks north and you're at the Reading Terminal Market (reviewed).  
Highly recommended!Beautiful place! Very clean! Everybody is helpful, but the food is a little bit on the expensive side. The overall experience was grand.This seems to be the place for a wedding. 
Unfortunately if you aren't attending a wedding this is a fair, being generous, place to stay. I have never seen this before- an elevator bank crammed with people going up to one of three floors for their wedding party. Total chaos, no one from the hotel traffic copping, elevator doors not closing because too many people were stuffed in them. 25 minutes to get to my room? I can drive to New York City from where I live in less time.
And then there are the sheets that smell of cigarette smoke even after we asked that they be changed. And finally, they charge for Internet. I'm accustomed to this practice in really great hotels, like The Ritz Carlton down the street. But not this tier of hotel.
This is no Ritz Carlton.Based on the yelp reviews I was so hesitant on staying here. My boyfriend and I came in for Labor Day weekend and wanted to stay somewhere safe and within walking distance to all of the areas we wanted to check out. 
The Loews exceeded our expectations! I cannot believe they have ratings below 5 star. From the moment we checked in to the moment we picked up our luggage from
Concierge we were treated with the utmost respect. There was constant professionalism and of course the staff was very friendly and kind! 
A gentleman at The concierges desk gave us a printed out sheet (upon request) of the top 10 attractions in Philly along with with description, address, and directions from the hotel. All within walking distance. PS you are right by the Reading Terminal Market, which is great for lunch! I would recommend Carmens Philly cheesesteaks! So amazing. Anyways.... 
We were on the 8th floor in a luxury room and the view was gorgeous! We were looking right out into the city. Our room was very spacious and had plenty of storage for clothes and shoes. Room has an iron and two bathrobes, as well as a hair dryer. Of course body washes are there waiting. The shower was great! Not tiny and had different levels of pressure from the shower head. Bathroom was also nice and spacious. 
The room wasn't over the top luxurious. It was just right. It was very spacious and comfortable. Bed was cozy and comfy beyond belief. Usually after hotel stays I can't wait to get to my bed. No way. I didn't want to leave the Loews. 
From morning till early evening there are free and fresh refreshments in the lobby. That was always a nice treat after a full day of adventures. The hotel also smells soooo good and fresh. I know that's an odd factor to put in here but if you've ever walked into a hotel and smelled something not so fresh, or even cleaning products you appreciate the Loews scent! Enjoy it. 
There is a fun restaurant/bar right in the entrance of the hotel. We didn't eat there but looked fun! PS hotel is puppy friendly! We saw so many awesome dogs. 
Check out was at 12 and we were rushed by no one to be out immediately (keep in mind it was a sold out week due to the holidays). That was a nice touch. No one likes phone call after phone call reminding you to leave. 
As I briefly mentioned concierge is very helpful! We still had a full day to kill after checkout. Without a doubt they held our luggage for hours, no charge. 
The staff is really amazing. Always willing to help and lend a helping hand. Always smiling and was there to give recommendations on where to go and what to see. 
If I were to go back to Philly I would without a doubt stay at the Loews again. Anywhere else would be a downgrade! Hope this helped.Located in a barely renovated old bank office tower, Loews Philadelphia is a dirty, budget hotel masquerading as an upscale, trendy one.
Cons: 
-small rooms  with cheap/yellow linens, stains on carpet, marks on walls
-basically every surface in rooms is dusty, sticky or scummy (moved rooms 2x to try and get a clean one; no apology from mgmt)
-towels had lipstick and hair on them 
-room service: green beans visibly decayed, shards of plastic in butter
-had to share the elevator with prostitutes at 11:30 AM (a more creative person might have turned this into a pro)
Pros: 
-Courteous maintenance workers and bellhopsThis was a nice hotel. We were surprised when we arrived that parking was $50. We ended up parking around the corner for $33 for the night - we didn't search very hard for anything cheaper because we were ready to get in and get comfy. Rooms have coffee for the morning, but breakfast is not included with your stay. Nice enough toiletries, and check in/our was seamless. We were on the 27th floor, so had a cool view. Found our deluxe king room online for $129, with taxes ended up being $150 for the night. We originally booked this hotel because we thought we might have the pooch with us - they are dog friendly and we read they will even give a complimentary welcome package when you arrive. Apparently also have dog bowls.I purchased the Philly Overnight package and wanted to come early to get my Franklin Institute tickets. Bianca was really helpful on the phone and said I could come at any time to check in and get my tickets. I arrived at 1:30pm and my room was ready (even though check in is at 4pm.) Very nice room, super comfy bed and great view. The room was clean and I had no issues. The lobby bar is nice too, food looked good but I just had a whiskey flight. For the price I paid for a Saturday including the Philly Overnight package ($179 plus tax) I would say the value was way worth it!My sister and I stayed here one night because we had an event to attend at the Hard Rock across the street. I don't know where the people leaving bad reviews are used to staying. I've stayed at numerous hotels and this place was great. Definitely in my top5. Upon checking in the hotel staff were friendly and funny. Wishing my sis a happy bday and joking with us about age etc. We went to our room which was lovely. We didn't have a great view but upon booking the room they told us this and also told us they had rooms with better views for higher rates. Since we wouldn't be in the room much we were happy to stay in the less expensive room. The bed was super comfy. I didn't want to get up. The shower was nice. The room was clean. The lounge was comfortable. I'd definitely stay here again.An OK hotel that lacks certain typical amenities. Not a vending machine in the building. No "sundries" shop. Very slow elevators. Once waited about 10 minutes for one. Two luggage carts for the whole hotel makes getting one tough! Rooms are modern and clean.Good location in Philly and nice views but our room was filthy.  Stayed on the 32nd floor and the curtains were stained and shredded, the red lounge chair had what looked like dog hair all over it, the paint was chipping and I could go on.  I would not stay here again.I booked a luxury room because I wanted a really nice 180 view of the city skyline. When we checked into the hotel they greeted us as if we were very important people, which made my son and I feel very welcomed. The room they put us in was not what I wanted, it had a view of the river which was nice but I really wanted a room with the city view. So I spoke up and requested our room to be changed. They then put is in a deluxe room with a really great view, but the room was a little smaller. I asked for my bill to be adjusted or put us in the room I requested.  Since the deluxe room was 30 dollars cheaper a night  and included breakfast I told them to keep us in the room with the perks. They adjusted the rates as well as gave us vouchers for breakfast. The pool was a bit small but my son enjoyed swimming. We had the stop drop and roll package and that included two signature drinks each night from the bank and bourbon restaurant on the first floor. At check out they included two drinks on our bill I asked for them to be removed and they did so with no problems. I would suggest if something is not right on your bill or your not satisfied speak up! I think they want to do what ever they can do to make your stay nice! The rooms were very clean and comfy! I would definitely stay at any of the Loews hotels!The service was good, and the room was spacious, with a big king size bed and a nice sized bathroom.  However, I couldn't seem to get the right temperature in my room and while the service was good, the hotel is so big that nothing is very personalized.  However, the gym is great, especially when they have great rates.  The gym has a pool and locker rooms that include a sauna and steam room.  The location could be better, because at night the area isn't the most ideal, but it's close to restaurant row on 13th st.  Overall, a great hotel in Philly, and when my usual location is booked, I'll be back.Pretty good experience at the Loew:
The good:
Great location. Across the street from Reading Terminal Market.  Close to the bar scene.  Only $19 uber ride from the airport ($12 if you do Uber Carpool)
Service was great.  If you forgotten anything, they will bring it to you (hairspray, a mini fridge)
They had flowers for all the moms on Mother's Day (nice touch!)
The not so good (It's a bunch of tiny things...nothing major)
The outlets by my bed didn't work
Rooms are not really sound proof (we can hear the couple next to us and they were having a great time!)
Parking is not cheap, I think $34 to park overnight (though it is what it is for city parking)
No ice machine on the 6th floor! (hahaha again not a big deal... just irritating when you sneak out in your robe to grab ice to realize it doesn't exist on your floor)
The bathroom counter is tiny
Overall, will recommend the Loew HotelWe love this hotel! Super clean! Staff is great! Close to everything in the city! Beds are comfy! Meets all our needsI stayed here while I was in Philly for work and loved it. The building used to be a bank and it's really cool inside! Front desk agents were very friendly, the bed is really comfortable and the view was incredible - my room overlooked the whole city. It's very centrally located so that was a huge benefit - everything is nearby.
The only thing I would have changed is the configuration. The lamp next to the bed blocks the view of the TV - it was really awkward placing. Other than that I enjoyed my time and would definitely stay here next time I'm in Philly!Positives:  
Hotel staff. Very courteous, helpful, and professional. 
Room:  bed was comfortable, room had a nice modern look, and the bathroom was clean. 
Valet service:  hotel room guest book said to call 20 min. ahead but I think they got car in less than 5. 
Location:  close to restaurants, Reading Terminal Market, and Convention Center. 
Other things I was ambivalent about:
It didn't feel like a hotel. I thought I was in an office building that happened to have a bedroom in it. 
If you want something you just can't go get it - they'll have bring it to you - which is great if that's what you like. 
No complimentary coffee in the lobby - although you could ask for single use keurig coffees. 
Negative:  they provided a requested refrigerator which was complimentary, but it didn't work. 
For some this hotel may rate 4 or 5 stars, but for me it was a nice looking shoe that just didn't fit the way I had hoped.I'm going to give this LOEWS 1 Star I wish I could give it a ZERO.Warning please find another hotel.The valet parking is around the corner from the hotel.When checking out you can't get anyone on the phone to bring your car around!The worst everThe location is to die for but the room was a little on the tired side. Wallpaper was peeling in the bathroom, the wireless was $10 a day - Marriotts is free and technology and plug-ins in the room were old. Again, you cannot beat the location but the room itself...ah, i've had better for the price.I had to stay here a week for business. I also saw a prostitute while staying here! She was by the ATM, of course. The rooms are outdated and disappointing. The entire hotel has a stale feeling about it. The best thing going for it is location and surprisingly good room service (esp the chicken cobb sandwich with goat cheese)This place was a lot better than I expected. Firstly the location is great. One block from reading terminal. And a few blocks from all the historical parts of Philadelphia. They have an amazing terrace which gives you the view of the city. And I absolutely loved their staff! Every single worker there was a pleasure to be around. I was pleasantly surprised by how everyone treated their guest. I know parking is kind of annoying, but they have valet which was great and they let you keep your car in valet till 5pm (after you check out at 11am). We decided to go out one more time before leaving, the hotel let us leave our bags with them and go roam around. I have never seen any hotel do that before. 
Only complaint was that the rooms could have been  a bit more up to date. There was plenty of wear and tear in our room. The rooms were ok.This hotel is very nice. It is a bit pricier, but well worth it. It is located in the center of downtown Philadelphia on market Street. East market to be exact. Right down the street from the reading terminal. There's a lot to do in walking distance. Upon arrival, my car had to drop me off at the side of the hotel since they were doing construction in the front. The service was great. They took me right away, they answered all my questions that I had, and even offered me a text message service to answer any more questions I might have. They recommended all the greatest spots around, in terms of shopping and food. They clearly knows the keys to a woman's heart. I had a beautiful room, spacious with all amenities and which I enjoy. They have a stocked minibar with snacks, for purchase. They have robes available, really great toiletries that are anti-aging, and a great work area. I was on one of the top floors and had an incredible view of the city. It was nice, and warm and toasty in the room. There is an incredible restaurant downstairs for breakfast and dinner. Right across the street is a Starbucks as well. I highly recommend to visit the Reading terminal that's down the street as well. It's such an experience. All different kinds of food places it's like an East Coast version of the Grove but indoors. The gym is huge, and amazing. That was one of my favorite parts. I had an incredible workout. I believe the parking may be valet only, but I did not park. The checkout process was just as quick and easy. The people who work there are very friendly. Always offering to help you out. Overall, the hotel is expensive but well worth it and the great, friendly stay in the middle of the city.We had a spectacular wedding cocktail party here.  Excellent city view and our guests were raving about the food.  It was very easy to book the venue, and we even stayed past our actual time without any hassle.  I highly recommend it.This review is of the restrauant and bar.  I was going to give it a 1 star due to the breakfast I had this morning.  One of the server's was behind a half wall and choose to use some VERY unappropriate language. (the F boom), where everyone could hear him.  Now I'm not perfect but that is unacceptable.  My server never came back to refill my coffee.  So, needless to say I was not happy.  I decided to wait until tonight to see what would happen.
Well, I choose to set at the bar tonight and I had the best experience with Stephanie the bartender.  She is the only reason that this hotel is getting two extra stars.  They need to have more people like her serving.  She also called over the manager on duty (Tasha) who was very polite.
We'll if your visiting the Loews go to the bar...don't do breakfast.  You may not like what you hear from the servers....
Happy eatingWatch your Credit Card carefully!! Room was prepaid on hotels.com website. When checking in front desk agent confirmed prepaid reservation. I was over charged nearly $400.00 on credit card. Found the mistake a week later when reviewing my bank statement. Response when calling hotel was poor. First contact was pretty useless and told me I'd have to call back in the morning to speak to billing???? Asked to speak to manager,his name is Rob. He was very calm and scripted that he found the mistake the hotel recharged me for prepaid room. When I checked out of the hotel and got a receipt the over charges were not posted??? Unless I had line by line reviewed my CC statement who knows when or if he mistake would have been found by the hotel!! This I would think constitutes as credit card fraud. Don't believe the receipt you get emailed or printed at the hotel is accurate!!! You may very well be over charged and expected to pay double for an already pricey hotel room.  The hotel offered nothing other than I'm sorry and we will "refund" the over charge.
In my mind it's not really a refund as much as a return of fraudulently stolen money. It will also take 2-3 more days to get MY $$$ returned.
Very dissatisfiedI had a very pleasant experience at this hotel this past weekend. I am especially grateful to one of the front desk customer service staff (her name was Ashley) who went out of her way to recommend vegan restaurants for me to try that were within walking distance. When I arrived she even sent me a note with relevant details (thank you)!
Everyone talks about going the extra mile for the customer, but Ashley did more than talk -she took action and did something that helped.
Rooms are spacious and comfortable.
I'll be back!Love this hotel except for the concierge, they were useless for anything other than booking dinner reservations.
Our room was on one of the top floors and had views to die for. The hotel is in a great central location and I was able to walk all over town. 
The in room wifi is slow and not worth the $We liked this place. Kudos for restoring an existing building and giving it new life.  Kudos for having staff that are overly attentive and complimentary.  Even the room cleaners were kind.  There was a bit of dried barf in the creases of the toilet seat joints, which annoyed me, and a couple of skids in the bottom of the bowl, but I tried not to think of it, sometimes it happens, and i didn't say anything about it, so perhaps I should have.  The point is I was more interested in the fact that you felt like you were treated royally and like a true customer and you dont get that treatment all that much in other places, and that's where they deserve the praise.The Loews is the place to stay in Phillie. Perfectly located on Market St., my room was spotless and very comfortable, the staff was professional, courteous and hellpful, view from the room quite excellent. Needless to say, we had an excellent stay and a great time in Phillie.We got a great deal for Loews through Priceline's Name Your Own Price (we got it for $80, before tax - searched 4 stars in Downtown Philadelphia).
Now I gotta say, it was just missing that "oomph" that makes it fall short of a 4 star hotel in terms of decor.  I just didn't get the "wow" factor from it so I'm not surprised we ended up with this hotel when we priced $80 on priceline.
However, I will say that the hotel is in a really great location, very convenient to a lot of places in Philadelphia.
Their downfall was when both my boyfriend and I felt itching sensations on our bodies after spending 20 minutes under the sheets in bed watching tv.  At first I thought it was just me, but when it was the both of us we knew something was up.
I don't care, but that is unacceptable for any hotel - and definitely NOT okay for a so-called 4 star hotel.  They didn't even seem all the concerned when we called in.  They changed rooms for us, after we asked, but they really should have been the ones to offer more than that.
I won't be back, and save yourself the bug bites/bed bugs.Very disappointing experience here. Had a very large school event here that was shutdown an entire hour early by the staff at the hotel. We were told that there was an open bar until 1AM and they shut it down at midnight. Having paid good money for our event it was very disappointing. They also kept our ENTIRE security deposit because they claimed that someone took a bottle of cheap, rail vodka from behind the bar that they shutdown prematurely. I caution anyone from scheduling an event with them because they are not lenient or accommodating!To be honest, as beautiful as this hotel was, it was not worth the money.
Staff was friendly, location was great, but you can get the same thing fir 100$ less at another hotel in Philly. My husband and I stayed here for my birthday one night, we had a last but I'm sure we could anywhere else! I don't regret my stay, but it's a once in a lifetime thing for us..I chose to have my wedding in Philadelphia and chose the Loews hotel to house all of our guests.  Since I currently live in NY and my husband's family is from NY as well, we had a lot of out-of-town guests.  The hotel was pretty helpful in the booking period, and the prices were one of the best prices for the type of hotel we were looking for.  They were able to give my mom a hotel room across the hall from the bridal suite (even though she booked last minute) without hesitation.
The hotel is in the heart of the city, so it was convenient location-wise.  You are right by Reading Terminal and a few blocks away from CVS if you accidentally forgot some toiletries.  The hotel is beautiful and many of our guests were impressed.  The bell hops and staff are extremely friendly and courteous. I would give the service 5 stars.  They even gave us great restaurant recommendations for my fiancee and I since we were staying an extra night.
My only issue is that we were unable to book the bridal suite for the night of my actual wedding (just the night before/day of) and we were told that they would move our stuff into our "wedding night" suite.  My fiancee and I had separate rooms but they were to move both of our stuff that night, without any issues.  Unfortunately, when we got back to the hotel after our wedding, our stuff was not there.
The staff was apologetic and it was corrected right away, but we ended up getting charged for two nights which was not fun to deal with on our honeymoon.  Other than this set back, I would still highly recommend this hotel.  I will always associate the best day of my life with the Loews.The elevators here are AWFUL.  Every time we wanted to take an elevator down from our room on the 8th floor, we would have to wait several minutes and when the elevator arrived it would be crammed full of people.  Not very pleasant.  They have an annoying set up where half the elevators serve only floors 19-33 and the other half serve the rest - maybe that is why it was so slow.  Whatever the reason, this was extremely annoying.
This was billed as a luxury hotel, but doesn't quite match what you would expect based on the price.  The bathrooms and bath products and view were just OK, the fridge was filled with insanely overpriced items that charges when you touch them and there was no other room in the fridge for storage.  The keurig machine was nice but they should have put more k-cups out for it.  There were only 2 actual coffees there and it comes out in a very small portion.  The bed was too soft for me.  None of these was a big deal at all in themselves, but altogether made just for kind of an average experience.  It was the horrible elevators that really brought the star rating down though.
Do NOT park in their lot - it is outrageously overpriced.  There is a nice lot across the street that charges $17/night.. we came Friday night and left Sunday afternoon and paid $34.
The location is great, I like that the rooms have full length mirrors, and there is a large gym and narrow lap pool on the 19th floor.  Also, if you want to have a nice view, go to the 33rd floor and take a look out the window.  Just be warned that you have to take two different elevators to get to the 33rd floor from your room and the journey up there may take up to 7 minutes because of waiting times.  Argh, those elevators really drove me nuts.First of all, the smell when you get into the lobby reminds me of the Aria in Vegas! It makes you want to sit and enjoy their lobby and bar at Bank & Bourbon. The room was very sleek, comfortable, and clean! We checked in the night of our engagement and Olivia was very kind checking us in! Thank you for our champagne and strawberries sent to our room! It was very sweet and made us feel very welcomed! I will definitely tell anyone visiting to stay here! Very nice room for a reasonable price!Hubby and I checked into this hotel on 5/30/2014 - 6/01/2014.  It was truly an amazing experience being our first time @ any Loews hotel.  Andrew@ the front desk was truly Awesome guy. Very organized and Just so friendly!  We Congratulate him on his upcoming wedding in Sept.  We were in town visiting some friends for our Anniversary.   Andrew took good care of us with a bottle of bubbly and some Chocolate covered strawberries!   We ate there at the restaurant for brunch and everything was good especially the WATER OMG~~~  We will be coming back to stay again whenever in Philly!Loews Knows Hospitality & Cocktails!  
I've stayed at this location for business in my 'pre-yelp' days. The rooms are nice, the lobby is very swanky, and the staff is friendly.
Last night while visiting a friend we stopped in to say hello to a gal we both went to high school with. She works is Sole Food their onsite restaurant.  After a few cocktails the skies opened up outside the floor to ceiling window. There was a Monsoon outside!  I was shocked when staff members came running to the doors with arms full of umbrellas.  They were GIVING them to the guests & patrons as they left to face the elements.  I've never seen anything like it.
Their cocktail list is OUTSTANDING.  Not going to lie, we sampled four. Each is based off of Loews property.  DC's is the Dolley.  I think there was Gin in it. Like I said, we sampled four!I have yet to find a decent hotel in Philly that doesn't cost an arm and a leg...Loews hotel was no exception.  I stayed here in June for a pharma company convention and I was not overly impressed.  The room appeared fine on first inspection, but upon settling in the real truth was clear.  The room was ample size, but the closet was so small that I couldn't place my small suitcase in it much less see inside of it to hang my clothes.  The bed looked clean and comfortable, but the matress had a large sink hole in it from age and use, and the foam pillows (feather was not available) were lumpy and hard and made my neck ache.  The shower had black mold in the grout.  After using the shower in the morning I was visited by the hotel engineer who said there was a leak in the room below me.  The engineer was polite, but I was miffed that I had to vacate my bathroom in a robe and try to get ready for my meetings while the engineer tried to fix the leak.  Later I could not get an intenet connection.  After called the wayport service desk, i was contacted by the hotel who informed me that the internet was not working in my room.  They offered to change my room, but I decided to check out early instead.  I couldn't bear the thought of another sleepless night in this dump.  I should add that the hotel would not accept my Loews rewards number, as they said I was staying at a contracted rate.  That rate wasn't cheap (199.00/nite), plus I had to pay $36 to park overnight in the hotel garage.I have just spent 3 nights at Loews Philly for a conference. Got a very reasonable rate online a few weeks ago. It was prepaid to get the low rate. I booked a deluxe queen room and when I checked in I was given a room on the 28th floor with a gorgeous view of the city. This room is much bigger than I expected. The bathroom is enormous. Ordered room service the first night. Ok it was ridiculously expensive but I pretty much expected that. It arrived quickly and was piping hot and delicious. The air conditioner wasn't cooling the first night but I contacted the hotel the next day and it was much better by the time I got back to my room. The wifi is free but kind of slow. It seems really slow up on the 33rd floor where my meeting is. You would think they'd upgrade the wifi in the meeting areas. I mean, everyone at the conference has at least 2 devices going!! Other than that the stay here has been perfect. Room very clean, housekeeping good, mini bar stocked. I recommend.This hotel has a lot to offer but has a lot of issues as well. I'll try to keep this as brief as possible.
Starting at check in, our room was not ready at the time they had told us, and we had to wait 40 minutes in the lobby for a room to open up. They said they upgraded our room when we finally were told we could go up, but that seemed to only be something they told us to appease us rather than actually be true. The room had nice views of the city, and I imagine that most rooms high up in this hotel will. The walls are paper thin though, so expect it to be noisy by you.
The lounge and bar is interesting. The lounge is small and very dirty. The chairs are all torn up and look like they have needed to be replaced for years now. Wifi is only free in the lobby and lounge so unless you want to spend $12.95 a day for wifi, you'll end up in the shitty lounge. The restaurant/lounge food and drink is extremely expensive, so if you're looking for food,  try dining at a local Philly establishment instead.
The robes in the rooms are so relaxing and nice to take to the spa or wear in your room. the building is nice, but the elevators will give you a headache after riding in them. They have two different elevator sets to take you to different levels which can confuse you for the first day. They also go ridiculously fast which for my group was painful and not a good thing.
If you do stay at this hotel, be sure to bring your own food to eat (can't use mini bar though as fridge), park elsewhere (theirs is $45/night), and explore the city,This is your typical upscale hotel. Why the Five Star review then? THE STAFF.  
Everyone I came in contact with was so amazing and friendly, genuinely friendly. Offers to escort me to my room, get me a cab/shuttle, good morning/afternoon/evening  every time I walked by the front desk and concierge, EVERYONE was great.  
Treat them well Loews Philadelphia, they are what set you apart from the rest.
I thought I had a "go-to" Philly hotel before but I was wrong, I have now found itStayed here for one night in July while attending a wedding.  The hotel is overall small, but effectively managed a huge wedding party.  I thought they did a fantastic job throughout the weekend making sure things ran smoothly.  Great central location.  Friendly staff.  Clean and trendy.  Would recommend staying here.I found it! The room with the bathtub and the shower! It's on the 29th floor...and the view from here is damn fantastic - it's like looking down from Heaven on the River and the Ben Franklin bridge. It's even more magical when NJ decides to have fireworks on a non-federal holiday.
Super friendly staff accompanied by super comfy beds that you sort of melt into along with an impeccably furnished gym with new equipment and a lap pool, the Loews is my go-to spot in Philly for an impromptu getaway. It should be yours too...The Loews is a very modern chic hotel and centrally located in the heart of the city. It a few steps away from the metro and within walking distance of all major attractions. The room that we were assigned to was HUGE the bathroom was the same size as our bedroom. Furthermore, they have some great amenities such as conference rooms, fitness center, pool, etc. The staff was great--very helpful and great recommendations. Also there is now free Wi-Fi since some past reviewers mention they were peeved about not having free Wi-Fi available. The only flaw I could find in the hotel is the cost of parking $39 a night!! We ended up leaving our car on the street overnight since it is free after 10pm and parked it in a public lot across the street for $17 a night. (Please use common sense, if you do decide to park your car on the street remove/hide anything valuable and park in a high traffic area.) Otherwise, the hotel met and went above expectations. 
Atmosphere - B+
Service - B+When this building was built, it was often referred to as "The Modern Building".    One of America's first and grandest skyscrapers, the PSFS building was a monument to the American spirit.
Years later, this building still possesses much of what makes America what it is.   Straddling the border between the rich and poor areas of downtown, the historical edifice still stands proudly and strongly alongside newer, larger, more shiny buildings.    Sure, it's somewhat dated, but there's a sense of history that is unparalleled in the region.
Fantastically close to the Reading market and right on public transit,  this is a great option for first time visitors who are not bringing a car to the city.
Sure, it's worn down.... but it's incredibly inexpensive and wonderfully convenient.    It's a safe bet in a city that the Fresh Prince fled from.We were in Philadelphia for a long weekend. Overall, we liked Loews and we recommend it. As for it being run down, the lobby and hallway carpets need to be cleaned or replaced, but otherwise it is quite a nice looking hotel. 
Pros: 1. Excellent in-room coffee from a Keurig coffee maker. 2. Lovely lobby, elegantly decorated for Xmas. 3. A really great staff - friendly and hard-working. 4. A nice, clean room. 
Cons. 1. We were given a room with 2 double beds - we called down and asked for a room with a Queen or King and were told there were none left. Hotels must know that there aren't any couples who want to sleep in a double bed. Plus the comforter was too small for the bed. 2. Add to this the fact (previously mentioned in a review) that you can hear everything in the hallway (talking, doors closing) and you end up with some sleep quality problems.  
I'll probably avoid Loew's in future, but if you're not noise sensitive, you may be very happy here.From the outside, this place looks nicer than it really is. The rooms are not as nice as you would expect after having seen the lobby, restaurant, and ballrooms. They have valet parking, otherwise, street parking is impossible to find.
The service was good, and the location can't be beat for conventions or chinatown, but otherwise, we were a little disappointed.The Loews is pretty sharp: modern, huge rooms, great Center City location, extremely attentive staff.  The only possible reason to drop a star:  no lobby coffee shop/bar  and no stair to the second floor meeting rooms: taking an elevator one floor is such a pet peeve.
Great rest (Bourbon and Banks) as well, and the open bar to the lobby serves full menu and booze which is convenient.Came here for a conference. The good: The hotel is in a really nice location on Market Street within walking distance to a lot of shopping and eating, as well as Chinatown. I had very good impressions of the hotel staff and I really liked the way the rooms were arranged and decorated.  The conference room on the 33rd floor had a gorgeous view of the river and surrounding areas. The food downstairs (apparently the bar is a local hangout spot) was also pretty decent. 
The bad: My biggest complaint which would hinder me from coming back here is that the key cards SUCK. I don't know if the technology is outdated or they are just overwhelmed because they had a busy weekend. I was paired up with a roommate during the conference and checked into our room first. I went out to lunch, but when I came back my card had stopped working. When I went downstairs I was told that someone accidentally deleted my copy of the key when my roommate checked in. I was like wtf? So I asked for a new key. During the course of two days, I've had to swipe my key multiple times, sometimes up to 20, in order to get into the room. The keypad kept flashing yellow and red even though I knew the key was working. UGH it was so frustrating. Other things I didn't like about the hotel was the two sets of elevators, one from 1 to 19 and the other from 1 to 5 and 20 to 33. I had to take two sets of elevators to go from my room to the conference room. The catered good was very average, your typical hotel catering food that makes your stomach feel funny after eating it for two days straight. 
Without sounding too picky, I would've recommended the hotel had it not been for the key issue. Now I wouldn't consider coming back again unless they are upgrading that entire system.The room was adequate. The daily room cleaning was mediocre; the bed was made, but did not have that "crisp" look. The biggest problem was the hotel's refusal to honor the negotiated event parking reduction. Decidedly, a low brow move that tainted my entire stay.  Caveat emptor.Just got home from a wonderful stay at the Loews Philadelphia Hotel.
I really like the theme of the hotel - renovated bank; complete with vault in the lobby and beautiful marble throughout. Parking was your typical hotel price - $50 a night, but we were guided to a parking garage around the corner which was only $19 a night. Check in was a breeze and only took a few minutes.
I was extremely happy with the size of my room! The view was okay from the 20th floor... From what I understand, the views are beautiful from the higher floors. We ordered room service both mornings, it was delivered hot and quickly!
We stopped by their restaurant - Bank and Bourbon. Enjoyed their bourbon flight and their cheese plate. Friendly staff - our waitress was more than happy to provide suggestions on dining, drinking and sight seeing in the area.
While I wasn't able to use their gym I did take a peak... it was honestly the biggest and most complete hotel gym I have ever seen. You can even book personal training sessions there!
Upon checkout, there was a billing discrepancy, but the staff immediately went above and beyond and corrected the error.
I highly recommend this hotel!I found this place on Hotels.com and got a discounted price because I had booked my flight on Expedia. I had heard of Lowes Hotels because I had seen a couple in Los Angeles, where I live. The hotel was a short drive away from where I had my meeting, so I booked it for 2 nights. 
I knew this was a swanky place, but the cost of parking per night is absolutely appalling. It cost me $91. I was only there for two nights. Ridiculous. 
But other than that, I had a glorious time!
I was greeted by a lovely front desk attendant. She checked me in, and then escorted me to the concierge when I had asked about what was fun to do in the area, since I had never been to Philadelphia before. The concierge told me about several places I might enjoy, and even gave me a list of addresses and a map of the city. 
My room was simply stunning. The view from the 22nd floor was incredible. I almost decided to stay at a more affordable hotel a little further out, but it was soooo worth the extra money to be able to wake up to Philadelphia like that every morning. My room even had one of those things you can hook your iPhone or iPod up to and play music. So of course, I danced around my room while getting ready both nights!
I had dinner both nights downstairs at the Bank and Bourbon Restaurant. I sat at the bar because it was pretty slow (it was Easter Sunday the first night). Great bartenders, very cool and knowledgeable on all the different drinks and even the menu. I even made a couple new friends! 
Everyone from the concierge to the bellman to the housekeepers were so nice. I had an amazing experience at this hotel, and I will always stay here when I visit Philly. Just make sure to budget for valet parking or skip the rental car.I stayed there this past week for a wedding the room was nice bed comfortable but that was it. Don't plan on eating anything in that hotel it's gross and over priced. The hotel is over packed with people and you can hear through the walls. It's pricey for what you get not worth it at all will be staying somewhere else next time in PhillyRoom was clean and bright and nicely decorated.  HD TV a plus.  iPod speaker is nice.  King bed is comfortable.  Customer service was excellent and very professional.  The gym is great and never busy except for the pool which has lots of kids even though its supposed to be a lap pool.  Hallway noise is loud was woken up every morning by slamming doors and talking people.  Premium rooms on top floors were not worth the additional price.  Room was same only with higher view.Absolutely love the Loews Hotel. My boyfriend & I go every so often & just recently stayed for two nights to celebrate his birthday in the city. The staff is wonderful! Very attentive & warm welcoming. Their rooms are decent, clean & up to date! (With great views of the city to). I would definitely recommend this hotel if visiting the city!I was charged for a cancelled high-end room ($345), and when I called to correct it the Office Manager was rude and condescending, lied to me, and treated me as if I were trying to cheat the hotel.  I have NEVER experienced this level of rudeness and disregard for customers at a luxury hotel (or any hotel, for that matter), and I regularly travel with in the US and overseas. They clearly DO NOT VALUE THEIR CUSTOMERS.
I had to call the corporate headquarters to get this issue resolved.  I would NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL and I am done with this chain.
I also urge you to check out the reviews on other sites--cleanliness is spotty at best, and there are many reviews about staff rudeness.  I do not expect this at a luxury hotel--that's why I'm paying top dollar for a room.I stayed in the Loews Hotel June 30th to July the first, for my Bf's birthday. The room was okay, nothing spectacular. The pool was average, no hot tub. But my main complaint is check out was at 11, we left and an hour late I remembered I left my bathing suit in the room hanging with the towels in bathroom. When I called the hotel to report my left item and try and pick it up I was given the run around for about 3 days. First I was transferred to loss prevention who took my number and told me he was going to check the room and call me back immediately. In an hour there was no follow up, so I asked my boyfriend who the room was in his name to call, when he called he was told he didn't speak to anyone about a bathing suit and my BF should call after five bc that's when they bring left items down. He calls again at five and is told he will be called in the morning, fast forward to the morning, no call. He calls they say the girl who cleaned the room isn't there or something and they have to wait until tomorrow to interview the cleaning lady & someone is in our room therefore they can't look. By Monday he had to call one final time after them constantly promising to follow up and reach out and just offered to reimburse me. I don't understand how someone could get into the room without my. Bathing suit being seen, it was in plain sight. I would not stay here again just based off of the horrible customer service they gave me when it came to retrieving my item.More good stuff then few little bad things. Lobby and lounge/bar are nice. Bit pricey but decent food and drink options. 
Room was nice. Bed was nice and sturdy. Tested that bad boy out a lot. 
Drain in shower was slow/blocked up last time I showered. Not that big of a deal but annoying. 
Location is great. Was here for a wedding and central location was nice, but my truck would not fit in underground parking.We arrived late in the evening. We got to our room and it was only a queen size bed when we had ordered a king size room. When we got to check in we requested a crib and we were told it would be 10 mins. We did not receive the crib until over an hour later. I had to call to check on it, after asking the Bell hop how long it would take. So I had to ask 3 times to get it. The room set up was ridiculous- the air conditioner blew to the window, it did not go  anywhere near the bed. We had to set the air at 60 degrees and it still was not "cool" in our room. They do not supply the rooms with a  microwave or a refrigerator- you have to pay extra for those. 
What I did like was how close it was to everything in downtown philly.  The cleaning lady was very nice and helpful, and the staff was friendly.No hot water for a 2-day stay at $500+/night
We didn't have hot water the first morning of our stay. I complained to the front desk and they said they hadn't had any other complaints but would send someone to our room immediately to investigate. On the next morning, the water temperature was slightly better but still only lukewarm. I complained on checkout and received $100 refund. I would say my expectations for a 4-star hotel are not as high as they should be, but a hot shower is one of those things I assume I will get. For the $500+/night price tag, the refund, while appreciated, did not go nearly far enough to compensate this substantial inconvenience.Stayed here a few days. The staff was above and beyond the best. Hotel was clean and up to date. Parking was convenient.We arrived on a Monday and left on a Sunday.  So our visit was for a decent amount of time.  We rented a King Luxury room and were situated on the 15th floor.  The room was a very nice size, although our view was pretty sad (buildings). The bathroom was just ok.  It was spacious enough, but I would have liked it more if the door was somewhere else besides 3 feet from the head of the bed.  But you have to put the door somewhere.
There was not adequate storage for our clothing, but we were there for an entire week.  I had fun playing where's the coffee machine, until I found it hiding in the cabinet next to the fridge.
But what really makes this place stand out....
I really am a *HUGE* fan of the staff.  Especially everyone that works with the concierge team.  Truly spectacular people.  If it weren't for them, our vacation would have been an entirely different experience and I can't thank them enough.Quite possibly the worst hotel stay - ever...
-you can hear other guests doors slam all day and throughout the night
-hotel was old bank. They didn't sound proof anything; meaning you hear street noise all night (you can hear jackhammers on the street REAL GOOD)
- at 4:00 am they had a hallway alarm going for a min of 45 min. It didn't stop until I had to call them
-I woke up to another guests dog barking ; not hard since the old banks walls are paper thin
If you want a good nights rest, don't come here.
I gave them two stars instead if the deserved one star because their staff at least tries to make up for this disaster hotelI stayed at the Loews Hotel a couple of weeks ago while I was in Philadelphia for a conference.  I picked this hotel due to it's proximity to the conference center which is a plus. However, the hotel was just okay besides location which is ideal. I found the rooms to be slightly worn and the room didn't have a HD flat screen TV. I cannot tell you the last time I stayed in a hotel without a Flatscreen TV. The hotel bar/restaurant was decent with good food and great happy hour prices on drinks.
The gym was a good gym when it comes to hotel gyms which is a plus but overall I think the hotel is ready for a renovation. I would not stay here again and would prefer to stay at the Four Seasons.I've been to the Loews on multiple occasions.  I've had a wonderful time each time i've gone there.  The most recent time I went there I brought my two springer spaniel pups.  I was so excited that Loews allows pets.  Most of the other pet friendly hotels in philly are not nice.  They had no restrictions on the weight or breed of dog so that was nice.  Upon arrival they greeted us and handed us two bags (one for each dog).  Each bag contained two metal dog dishes, a mat for under the dog bowls, biscuits, a loews chain for their collars, and poop bags.  My one dog threw up in the lobby and a hotel employee came right away and cleaned it up for us.  Every time a hotel employee saw my dogs they enthusiastically greeted them and pet them.  One of the men who worked there sincerely said, "Make sure you bring the dogs back, we love having them!"  Their motto is Loews Loves Pets and they truly do! The only downside is that it was a bit of a walk to take them somewhere with grass to go do their business.  I live in the country so i'm not used to that.  There is a nice dog park called Seger Dog Park somewhat close by that I took the girls to one day and they loved it.  
Loews is a pretty nice contemporary hotel.  Some of the furniture has little nicks in it but overall it is very nice.  The hotel seems very clean which is the most important thing to me.  
One night the room service girl came to the room to deliver a dessert that  a family member ordered for us.  She saw that my girlfriend was sick in bed and sincerely asked if she was okay.  My girlfriend responded that she was not feeling well.  The girl offered her tea and I declined saying that I could make it on the in room Keurig machine (because I didn't want go spend 10 bucks on tea).  The girl insisted that she get my girlfriend tea and left. She returned with a tray full of get well goodies.  She brought chicken noodle soup, a big bottle of water, tea, lemons, cream, and crackers free of charge!! You could tell that she really honestly cared about the customers at the hotel.  
I would highly recommend the Loews to anyone going to philly! I will definitely be staying there again and again.My fianc and I have stayed here two times already, we love philly and its in a great location. Everyone is so sweet. My fianc had them put flowers and wine in the room for when we got there since it was my birthday. I would chose this hotel every time we come to visit philly!We stayed at the Loews over our wedding weekend Feb 12 - 14. We had blocks at three area hotels for our family and guests. 
The Loews was a cut above the rest. From the gift bag drop off, to drinks in the lobby, to small details in the bridal suite, they exceeded expectations. Each and every staff member was always available to us and all handled any questions and requests with expediency and truly made us feel important.  
The staff and service were exemplary. The governor/bridal suite was fantastic. The parlour room which was rented for day of preparations was beyond perfect. The bar in the lobby was amazing for a nightcap after our rehearsal dinner and they were so accommodating for our group. 
I would highly recommend.this hotel and knowing what we know now, I would have tried to get as many rooms there as possible. I've stayed in area hotels before and going forward, I won't even have to think about where I will get the best value with a luxury/contemporary feel. The Loews is our new go to hotel.I stayed here 6 days, every time I put a tip, I get new towels, shampoo, conditioner, etc, the day that I forget to tipped, I get zero shampoo, zero conditioner, used towels that I left on the floor to be cleaned, and beds are not made. 
Paid over $300/night but yet get no service if no tip is given. services should be given regardless of tips or not. 
Loews business center will charge you a fee for printing and internet usage.
I think next time I rather stay at Marriott across the streetgreat location, freshly renovated rooms, outstanding views
The Loews Hotel in Philadelphia is one of the best hotels I've ever been to. It is right in the city center very close to the city hall and the terminal market (which is a great option to get breakfast) in a very charming old bank building that happened to be one of the first modern skyscrapers.
According to their manager Shennell, who was very nice, helpful and informative the hotel is/was just going through a renovation in February (Although there were renovations supposed to be happening, I didn't notice any kind of disturbances). The room I got was just renovated and had very nice new furniture, a flat screen tv, coffee/tea maker.
Besides the proximity to the center, its brand new interior and the good service, it also has most likely the best views you can get from a hotel room in Philadelphia. I stayed in a corner room in the 27th floor with a view towards the north, where you could see until the horizon and the west, giving a great view on William Penn+the city hall, the comcast building and the other skyscrapers. Excellent is also the fact that almost the whole wall consists out of windows, which emphasizes the more than spectacular views and brings much daylight into the room.
In advance you can use their webpage to chat and to ask questions about the hotel. It was very helpful to chat with Britney before I arrived.
I also used the spa facilities. They have a swimming pool, a gym, a steam bath and a sauna. The sauna is sex-separate and was empty when I used it on a Saturday morning. It was relatively big, but rather cold and lacked a thermometer and a sand timer.
A little minus is that you have to pay extra (12.95$/24h) to get internet access in the room and extra to print something. But they have been kind and were printing one page, that we urgently needed, for free, when we asked them to do so and told them that we were already paying for the internet.
I also like the design and general construction of the hotel, with rooms starting not lower than from the 8th floor with 3 corner rooms per floor (Luxury Kings -21st/ Grand luxury king -29th/ premium king -33) Overall I would definitely recommend and choose the hotel again.Checking into a hotel that is supposed to be synonymous with luxury leads to many expectations. Alas, Loews was comfortable but did not deliver on the luxury. 
The good:
Amazing view, facing west, from the 27th floor
Amazing rate for the weekend (half what was quoted)
A stunning adaptation of an iconic modernist building
Comfortable bed and linen
Great in room coffee through a Keurig machine
Friendly staff
Central location to downtown, Reading Terminal Market and the historic district
Not so good
Hole in the carpet
Mildew stained grout in the tube
It looked like someone had take a knife to the edge of the dresser. 
Perhaps its being a bit picky, but when one markets luxury, one expects perfection. Still, compared to an utterly awful experience at the Bellevue, I would return to Loews Philadelphia in a Philadelphia minute!Warning - Pet friendly hotel. Great if you have a dog, not so great if you don't like being woken up to endless dog yapping. Not what I expected from this otherwise high end hotel.I am officially totally excited that we booked our hotel block for our upcoming wedding with Loews.
Tonight, I came into the city for dinner and drinks with friends for my birthday. We decided to stop into the bar in Loews because I've never actually been to Loews and I thought it would be fun to see where we are staying when we get married. 
Our waitress, Madeline, was a total sweetheart. We ordered a round of drinks and she had the bar make me a really good birthday cake tasting drink. She was so friendly and was joking around with us the whole time.
Having never actually seen the bridal suite, I walked up to the concierge and on a whim asked if there were any unfulfilled bridal suites that night so that I could check it out. He was really helpful and very friendly. He was surprised to find they did have a room available and escorted myself and my friends up to one of the top floors to see it. (It was a gorgeous room and had a great view!) On the ride back down, we met one of the bellhops who was also incredibly friendly.
I will definitely update this review in June after our wedding and our stay here, but if the customer service tonight is any indication of what things will be like in June, we're going to have a great stay at Loews!This past weekend trip to Philadelphia we stayed at Loews for the first time, and we couldn't have been happier. Everyone from valet parking staff to housekeeping and front desk were friendly and helpful.We booked a stay in another lower-grade hotel for a weekend in Philadelphia and because of an error in the other hotel's booking system, we were moved to Loews.
Wow. What an upgrade!
The hotel itself is supremely cool. Located in a renovated 1930s former ban building, it oozes sophistication with a nod to the 30s - retro lighting and typology, color choices and the like.
Beds: Incredibly comfortable. Even more so since we were in Mexico last week and had to endure the typically hard bed there.
Free WiFi. FREE WIFI!!!!
Bathroom: Luxurious, nice quality amenities.
Fitness center: Out of this world. It's not a crowded hole-in-the-wall with outdated equipment. It's a proper, staffed fitness center. Several treadmills, tons of walking around space, men/women's locker rooms, wet/dry saunas and a lap pool. Did I mention heated hand towels? Or spa services? The only thing lacking is a hot tub. 
The only thing we didn't try was the new lobby level restaurant but it looked amazing. (The lobby, by the way, is full of community table spaces for dining, drinking, chatting and working, depending on time of day.)
Bottom line: I'd stay here again in a heartbeat for business or pleasure.
The hotel is easy to get to from the airport - take the airport line and exit at Jefferson Street station. It's right across the street. There are tons of great places to eat within walking distance and anyone on staff at the hotel can give you excellent recommendations of places to try.Nice renovation.
The key is to get a room on a high floor away from elevators.  
My only complaint would be as some of the other guests have said, is that the door slamming is really obnoxious.  The doors slam shut all nite long - for those light sleepers - you are screwed.  
Room service - no complaints, all tasty.  Great bath products, especially my fav shampoo & conditioner from Davines in Italy.  Nice touch!AAA needs to adjust its 4-Diamond Rating for this Hotel. Rooms are filthy. 
I am staying at the Loews Philadelphia for 4 nights. In other parts of the U.S., Loews generally means a good quality Hotel, wholly worthy of 4-Diamond Status. Not Here. When I checked in, I told the very nice Front Desk woman that I desired a clean and quiet room. So she said I could pay $15 more per night for such a room, including being on their "club" level. I got to my room on the 30th floor only to hear the howling of a dog, someone had left in an adjacent room. I requested that someone please get the dog out of the room (as did other guests), but management did not do so. The dog continued to howl. Next, someone accidentally flipped the fire alarm at 1am, and we were all woken up. The fire department came and cleared the Hotel. As for the room itself, it was very dirty and in need of some TLC. Housekeeping skipped my room on two occasions (thank goodness for Clorox wipes), and I had no towels to bath with. Despite gentle complaints to the front desk, nothing changed. Also, the "Club Level" is not what you find at the Fairmont or Ritz Carlton. The club service allows you to go to a lounge for four morning hours and have a continental breakfast and coffee. You cannot bring coffee back to your room as they do not provide to-go cups. No cocktails or concierge service, the Club Level terminates at 10:30am. I like that places like the Embassy Suites offer this service for free and call it what it is -- a free breakfast. They do not mask it as a "Club Level" service when it is truly not. I am also paying $10.95 per day for Internet even though I am on a "Club Level." All and all, I would discourage travelers from staying at this Hotel unless they want an anxiety-ridden (not sure what is going to happen next) experience. The Four-Diamond plaques hanging in the Lobby are truly false advertising.At the end of a two week trip, the best three days was staying at this hotel. I can't say enough how comfortable the bedding was, how amazing the bath products, accommodating the staff. They gave us a let check out, and checked our bags while we spent several more hours roaming around their perfect location. The modern skyscraper totally remodeled decor was awesome and the room service was prompt and delicious. We love Loews in general but this stay really made our entire vacation. Thank you very much!My stay at Loews Philadelphia was decent, not great.
I got a good deal on Priceline, $90 for 1 night. Seemed like a great deal. However, when you tack on the parking fee ($43), its not all that cheap anymore. Still, $133 + tax isn't terrible for a good location in downtown Philly.
The room itself was nicely laid out and clean. It was pretty big - there was a long entrance hallway, decent sized bathrooms, and a slightly larger than average main room. The single-serving coffee makers were a nice touch. Room had an HDTV, but it was nothing special. Decent selection of channels.
Our room had no view, other than the side of an office building (note to whomever works there - your employees leave a lot of lights on over the weekend). There was a serious lack of amenities, making the cheap price seem more in line with what you're getting, rather than a great deal. There was no refrigerator, no microwave, wifi was an additional $10.95/day. I suppose this comes with the territory of an older building in Philly, but soundproofing was a concern. We could very clearly hear everything in the hallways as well as our neighbor's room. Despite setting the A/C to its minimum - 60 degrees - it was still pretty warm in the room.
My somewhat limited interactions with hotel staff were very positive. The front desk was very friendly & helpful, the valet was fast & courteous.
All in all, I did enjoy my stay here, but considering it was closer to $170 with parking and tax, and the things it lacked, it wasn't as good as I was expecting. I would stay here again - but only if it were a good deal cheaper than other hotels in its class.This place has potential, though, I haven't been impressed with the front end service.  I was expected 5 star service here. But the concierge or front end was less than welcoming, especially "Raymond" or Reggie ( I didn't have my glasses on ) short man with glasses  very cold and rude, I was simply trying to ask a question. Excuse me for not wearing my fur coat and pearls to get better treatment, like he did when he helped the woman before me. That was a strike one, strike two the bellman saw me coming with bags and my hands were full and didn't budge to open the door but instead decide to take a VIP call on his celly. The rooms, are okay, modern with a twist, the towels are cheap!!!! Omg they are cheap!!, it scratches the skin!!! The mattress is no sleep number bed, but will do it for now or sort off...and it's a sofa bed!!!! Oh hell nah!!!!!! I hate that!! I did not get a goods night rest... My back is aching !!!! The elevators are slow like molasses.., one side for 1-19 and the other side for higher floors. OMg if your in a rush !! Not only are the elevators slow but it's small!!Omg if your cluster phobic thisnt the hotel for you, 
The gym is okay but the pool is a joke, 
Just two lanes ! Most of it is clogged by kids, and it is swim at your risk, at least they provide with clean towels .
The gym staff are nice, though..
The internet is slow, honestly I don't feel brotherly love at this hotel, everything is a rip off, ya here u have to pay for parking!, like $45, 
The valet service is horrible!!! They treat cars like shit! I brought my nice SUV only to catch this fool to slam on brakes and to slam my door.. Like really, and if you need your car and you call ahead, that's a joke too. 
The valet staff looks sketchy, seriously they are just their for a paycheck and tips, and drive your cars like they down in the hood with their homies. And don't expect any thanks yous from miss thing at the valet window either. 
they also do $50 convenience fee, for just in case you order from the mini bar. That stuff is a rip off!!! $4.50 for honest tea!! The service needs to improve, I travel a lot and as I'm still here and wished my party chose the marriott across the street.  This is a pet friendly hotel so be prepared,for barking and  howling, I forgot to mention that the walls are thin!!! I was next to some loud mouth woman from Staten Island!!!! Though, they are prompt if you call the concierge for things. 
Housekeeping staff are very nice, it's because of them i,give them an extra star.
But what chaps my a.. Is the morning of checkout I'm getting out the shower and this maid comes on in like wth! Oh I'm sorry, !! Wth I'm like checkout isn't until 12! She doesn't apologize instead she says oh, sometimes people checkout early!!! Like really!!! 
 The cable channels are limited, don't expect the whole enchilada here. I been countless of times, going in and out, the bellman never smilies or greet. Oh yeah, be careful when in this city, like most big urban cities there are a lot of beggars, most are swindlers in my opinion, travel in pairs and be careful when using the subway.
I should have stayed At the marriott, next time , i,will do just that.Definitely five star accommodations! I have stayed at the Ritz, and Four Seasons, as well as a number of ultra lush boutique hotels and my stay at the Loews was comparable!
Warmly greeted by the front desk staff and checked in very quickly. Our spacious Superior (read: basic) room was on the 6th floor overlooking Reading Terminal. We could have splurged on a Luxury room, but the $99 sale price through Kayak was too good to pass up! 
The room featured a fully stocked mini bar, a complimentary Keurig machine with assorted coffee and teas, a very comfy pillow top queen bed, a large flat screen tv and a bathroom so large I could have turned cartwheels in it! Oh and that glorious massaging shower head... 
We don't live too far from the city, so hotel accommodations are not always necessary, but it was nice to bask in a little bit of luxury and not have to burden friends! Should we ever need accommodations in Philadelphia again this will be first on my list!Question, which Philadelphia hotel has some of the best rooms and ambiance along with the best view of the city not at the Comcast Center? The Lowes has long been a fave hotel of mine decked out in decco decor, compfy rooms and the first spot I take new Philly visitors with wrap around views of the city on  the 33rd floor. This hotel truely makes you feel special.I spent $160 for a night here, but I think it was well worth it.
The room was very spacious, especially the bathroom. I was also specially surprised to find robes in the closet! The whole room was very clean.
Outside of the room itself, the concierge was helpful i directing us around the city. I also appreciated having security in front of the hotel entrance to keep out non-guests. That is very necessary when you are in downtown Philly.
There was one big negative. $40 to park overnight!?!?! You gotta be kidding me.I booked a room here over the weekend through hotwire, using the hot rate. Therefore, I didn't know what hotel it would be until after booking. After finding out, I did more research and the hotel seemed great on the website and it was the perfect location. On arriving the staff was extremely friendly, the hotel was clean, and check in was easy (it took all of 10 minutes.) The room itself was phenomenal, the view was amazing, and it was very aesthetically pleasing and clean. When I checked out, the process was also quick, easy,
and moved along be very helpful staff. When I return to Philly, I will be booking at this hotel again. I highly recommend this hotel, it is a wonderful hotel and within walking distance to nearly everything!I stay there Few time Nice area Nice hotel Last time i was there I had issue using the restroom with this girl housekeeping she was so rude to me and she tell me call security only I want is pee and back to my room she call security and the security tell me he can kick me out who those that he can't tell guest kick Out when I paying for staying there and I tell him I will make complain in the morning with the manager he can't tell guess kick out when they are guest of the hotel I recommend all magnanent teach him respect all guest bad experience I will not stay this hotel never the security and people services was not niceLoews generally has impeccable service and the Loews Philadelphia completely lived up to the reputation. Every employee we encountered was kind and helpful throughout our stay. We were given a corner room which we appreciated and it was really neat staying in the iconic PSFS building. The hotel is in a terrific location and only a few blocks from many of the tourist attractions. We ordered room service on multiple occasions and were impressed with the food quality. 
The downside to staying in an older building is the noise level. We did not sleep well. There were multiple wedding parties and people were slamming doors up until 4AM. The doors are heavy and very loud. We also heard our neighbors talking through the wall. Hope the hotel can work out some sound proofing because everything else was fantastic.One of my very favorite hotels - short list. Friendly and accommodating staff. They always know what I want before I do and they always pronounce my difficult last name correctly - a big deal. Comfortable ,spacious welcoming rooms. 
I look forward to coming here every year, it feels like home.cPrime location and great views. This hotel is clean, modern, and has exceptional service. My room was very clean and spacious, accommodated with a Keurig, a mini-fridge, large bathroom, and big fluffy pillows. The room service was fairly slow, but ever so delicious.
The hotel is within walking distance of the convention center, city hall, the Liberty Bell, Reading Terminal (yum), and some nice shops and restaurants.The hotel itself was nice, but the service was really lacking for their claim of 5 stars and price. The door man didn't open the door, and valet wasn't curbside. I had to drive to the parking garage myself...why am I paying for valet at that point? The room was nice, room service was a little pricey for the actual food given. But all in all I would consider staying here again if I got the room for a discount on Priceline or something.I've been here once and I'll definitely go back. All of the Lowes Hotels are absolutely gorgeous no matter where you are. The second you put your car in Valet you get a great sense of how inviting and kind the staff is. The rooms are the top of the line at any hotel. When you enter any Lowes hotel you truly get the feel for luxury.This was a beautiful hotel with a great location- walking distance from city hall and the liberty bell. The staff is what really made this hotel go above and beyond my expectations- especially Rebecca at the reception desk. She made us feel welcome and was very accommodating. Our room had a beautiful view of the city and was very clean. The only reason I gave this hotel 4 stars instead of 5 is that the pool is only meant for doing laps. There's no room to just hang out in the water if people are doing laps, which was kind of annoying but not the end of the world. Other than that, awesome hotel! I would definitely come back here and recommend it to friends/family.I was there for 3 nights. Arrived after midnight to the warmest reception. My requested bedding type was not available upon check in so they gave me concierge lounge privileges for the duration of my stay. 
Every department and employee encountered seemed genuinely happy to be there and to serve you. Room was clean, location is great. Excellent choice.I stayed here this weekend for a wedding. The rooms are spacious and modern and clean. I love the express checkout via email. Great place to stay in Philly!The hotel itself (I.e. The room, common areas and general ambiance) was very nice, however I did not have a very good experience. I was in town for a wedding, and expecting that, like any other hotel, I would be able to check in by about 2pm, 3 at the latest. I also expected that if I showed up early, that I would be more likely to be able to check in early. I was wrong. It was almost 5pm before I was able to check in, and they almost lost the bags that I had left with the porter while I was waiting. 
When I was sent a survey about my stay, I answered very honestly. I was offered a free night stay, but never took them up on the offer because I had no need to go back to Philadelphia at the time.
 I am sure that if I gave the hotel another chance, I could have a much better experience, but until that time comes, I can't say that I would recommend this hotel.