My initial thoughts of a seemingly lonely Friday night sans plans were brightened by an invite to Lolita.  I had heard good things about this Mexican BYO(T) and always wanted to check it out, so I brought the tequila and my friend brought the gift certificate.
My friend was told they don't do reservations on a Fri night so I was a little worried about getting a table at 8 pm, but luckily I only had to wait about 5 min. As I looked around the busy restaurant at the other tables, I felt like a cheap asshole since there were bottles of Patron on almost every table, but hey, times are tough, and the truth is I've never felt justified in spending 50 bucks on a bottle of liquor. Anyways, our friendly server promptly turned our bottle of Cuervo 1800 into a pitcher of margaritas-- not the best I've ever had, but still pretty good. 
I had a difficult time deciding what to order because I am an avid lover of Latin food in general and every item on the menu sounded extremely appealing. But I had been craving steak, so I went with the carne asada; My friend went with the vaca which was the braised shortrib dish and for an appetizer we got the chips and guac. The guac was good, though again not the best I've had, but I did appreciate the textural variation that the jicama added. However, our entrees were OUTSTANDING. I was very impressed. Everything about my dish was delicious and full of flavor. My steak was perfectly cooked also.  My friend's shortrib was equally as flavorful. I wanted him to try my dish so badly but due to his allergy to bananas, that yummy, creamy plantain sauce could have turned into an ER visit.
Overall service was great- our server was very friendly and attentive, prices to portion sizes were reasonable, atmosphere with exposed brick walls and closely spaced tables was mediocre, and food was excellent. I can't wait to come back and try more things on the menu.I had heard great things about this place so my husband and I decided to try it out on a Saturday nigtht.  The chips salsa and guacamole were great... although my husband did say he likes my guac better :)  The entrees were well made and VERY tasty!  Not your standard mexican fare... but true to the traditional flavors... can't wait to go again!Mmmmm, Lolita.  Light of my life, fire of my loins...
Okay, maybe that was an exaggeration, but I firmly believe the first paragraph of Lolita is one of the most magical things ever written and just wanted to share that.  Anyway, on with the review!
I went to Lolita for the second time last weekend with my boyfriend to meet his parents.  This is the sort of event that normally sends me into a nervous fit, but I kept my cool most of the day because I was so freaking excited to eat here!  Whether you want to call it Mexican or neo Mexican or Mexican influenced American, I don't care.  The food is seriously yummy.  We split some guacamole and fundido for an appetizer.  I would have eaten the guac with a spoon, but I was trying to make a good impression.  They all loved the fundido.  We also got a pitcher of blood orange margarita.  Boyfriend had the waitress bring me a glass with sugar and poured me some before adding tequila.  He said it would go really well with my meal.  At first I though a virgin margarita was kind of silly, but he was right.  Delicious.  It was such a good compliment to the spiciness of my salmon.  Everybody loved their meals.  The bittersweet chocolate pecan bread pudding I had for dessert was astoundingly good.  The flourless chocolate cake Boyfriend got was irrationally dry (seriously, there's no flour, how is it dry?). 
I would eat hear all the time if I could afford it, but I can't afford it.  At all.  Minus a star for price, Lolita.  My sin, my soul...BYOT, ftw. 
A friend's parent took us all out for dinner to Lolita, and we had an absolute blast. The margaritas weren't too strong when they made them for us, but we just added some more tequila after the pitcher was brought back to our table!
It's this tiny restaurant, where you sit, enjoy the food, and enjoy the company that you are with. Size doesn't seem an issue when the smells, atmosphere, and food offered at Lolita are at your leisure. My dish was so well-flavored, I couldn't stop eating it the whole time that we were there. I can safely say that the whole group had a great time; highly recommended for a fun and delicious night on the town.Wonderful from start to finish! This was my only dinner in Philly but it was handpicked by a very special someone so I know it must be good compared to a lot of other restaurants in the area.
We had the pera margaritas - delish, but hard to distinguish all the flavors.
To start, we had the traditional guac and 4-hour pork carnitas. The guac was solid, the carnitas were amazing. 
He had the carne asada, I had the tamarind short ribs. The carne asada was more like a thick steak than your traditional thinly sliced carne asada. The sauce was bright in both color and flavor, and the presentation was beautiful.
The short ribs were fantastic. So tender. You could literally just pull it apart with a fork. And again, beautiful presentation.
We didn't have room for dessert so I can't speak to that.
Service was great - no complaints there.
The only awful thing is that it's cash only - which makes no sense to me given their prices - but I'm sure they have their reasons.Food was pretty good and service was excellent.  Was very loud inside but we had an outdoor table which was much quieter and better for people watching. 
Had the blood orange margarita which was just OK. Too sweet for our taste. Maybe should have stuck with the traditional limeVery tender Carne Asada!  Well executed!  All the ingredients blended well without overpowering the flavor of the excellent tenderloin.
On a trip by myself so I didn't bring any tequila, but all the margarita mixes look great.
BYO and CASH only!oh, lolita... i just visited you for the first time on friday nite, and, much like the nabokov nymphet for which you are presumably named, i find myself smitten and longing to see you again. soon....i hope!
the guac? delish. the BYOT factor? love it. but what really sparked my love affair was how wonderfully vegetarian friendly lolita is. a glance at the menu will have anyone exclaiming "say what?!" but it's the little asterik @ the bottom declaring that 4 dishes can be made with a substitution of pan seared three chile tofu or grilled portobella. i opted for the tofu (duh) prepared a la duck - so it was served atop sweet & warm plantains in a sour cherry salsita (chock full of dried cherries) with a garnish of jicama orange slaw. "yum" would be an understatement. 
the thing is, it's not just about how tasty my particular entree was, it is the fact that i actually have more than 1 veg meal option combined with the fact that it's not just taking out the meat from a dish and charging me the same price or offering some mediocre pasta/risotto/beans+rice option. dining at lolita, i can actually order a protein-laden dish straight off the menu, with the same sauces and sides as my meat-eating companions!! you have no idea how appreciative i am of this....or if you are a veg, perhaps you do?
thank you, lolita. MWAH!This place was great! And EVERYTHING on the menu is gluten free! 
The boyfriend and I were walking around the city after a Phillies game looking for some late night food and drinks and happened to come across Lolita.  We were seated outside on the sidewalk, it was a little weird to be sitting about a foot away from someones car parked on the street but it didn't affect the experience.  
We ordered the Tradicional guacamole and salsa and the Carnitas y Panzo tacos, both of which were amazing! Rounded out the meal with 2 great margaritas, house and blood orange. 
We will definitely be returning!THE most amazing food! The service was great, the atmosphere was a romantics dream.  I sort of liked the BYOT, makes the whole event a little more personal. Cant wait to return... Ohh and the Mahi Mahi is Unbelievable!!Mmmm. I still dream about the meal I had at Lolita a few months ago. Enchiladas with shrimp and a delicious green sauce - the mixture of flavors was amazing. Being from DC, I was not aware of the BYOB trend that seems to have swept Philly, but the mixers here are first rate. Our table shared the traditional margarita and the blood orange and both were excellent. Our starter guac was also very tasty. Be warned though that this is a very small place, and incredibly popular, so the best thing to do is go an hour or so ahead of the time you want to eat, put your name on the last and go grab a drink somewhere. They will call your cell phone when your table is ready. It's worth having a drink or two because the place is so loud and crowded, having a nice little buzz going helps you concentrate on how good the food is.Just went to Lolita during restaurant week where only priced fixe menu was available.  I was  excited about the food but hesitant over service due to reading previous yelp reviews.  I'm a "foodie", from Chicago here in Philly on business, and dined with a table of 7.  The food was amazing and our server was VERY friendly and accommodating.  I had the gorditas to start, goat cheese and chile stuffed chicken and THE best tiramisu (that's right tiramisu at a "latino"restaurant ...don't judge, it was the lightest fluffiest tiramisu I've ever eaten.  I don't even typically like tiramisu!!).  Point being, you have to dine here bc it's delicious and reasonably priced since its BYOB.  yum!I've been wanting to go to Lolita ever since it opened yet somehow failed miserably at this seemingly simple mission. So when I arrived there last night to chow down for a good cause (Dining Out For Life), I was ready to make up for lost time. Lolita offered a fixed price, three-course menu for DOFL and I'm not sure if all the items we ate are on the regular menu. However, they were all delicious enough that I'm sure anything that comes out of that kitchen is worth trying. It was definitely among the more inventive Mexican cuisine I've tried: braised short ribs (which was actually more like pulled pork on tortilla chips with artfully sprinkled accoutrements), a tamarind-barbeque-glazed pork chop that was to die for, and tres leches cake with bittersweet chocolate pots de creme and toasted walnuts. The chunky salsa that came before the meal was seductively smoky but the accompanying guacamole was a bit watery. Of course, I've only recently started venturing into the land of avocado, so who am I to judge? And anyway, the real reason I was there (other than DOFL, of course) was the margaritas, which are legendary among my circle of friends. With the addition of our standard Cuervo Gold, the traditional lime and fresh blood orange-mint mixes came alive, and I couldn't stop sucking them down. This could be dangerous.Food was adequate.  Staff was unpleasant, slow and uninterested in providing service.  Not worth the money.
Also, cash only and BYOB.I loved this restaurant. I wouldn't necessarily call it a Mexican restaurant, as the food is mostly Mexican-American, but it's great either way. The Blood Orange Mint Margaritas were truly incredible, and went great with my Don Julio tequila. 
Unfortunately it's cash only, but that's still expected from most Philly BYOB's.We have eaten at Lolita several times over the years - although I feel like we ALWAYS forget they are cash only and BYOB! The inside can be a little cramped (I am always afraid I am going to run into a server with a tray of food), but the service is wonderful and the food is very good. The margarita pitchers are the way to go with a group of people. My favorite is always the Traditional. It can be very dangerous mixing your own tequila in... I love the guacamole as a starter - the plaintain chips are really good. Not as much of a fan of the queso. The shrimp enchiladas are delicious - love the cumin rice and the shiitake mushrooms. 
The real star is definitely the carne asada a la lolita. I am not kidding when I say my husband was completely silent while cleaning his plate!Definitely more New American with a Mexican flavour than actually Mexican. From the prix fixe menu: i had the tostaditas - they are basically smoked salmon with chips and some greenery. Not bad, but nothing particularly special. The enchiladas verdes was the highlight of the menu - the shrimp were perfectly cooked, the sauce was perfectly cheesy and green (but maybe a bit over salted). The desserts sounded better than they looked and had way too many nuts in all of them. It was actually a good meal, with some nice flavours and I would eat there again, but it doesn't fulfill my craving for a really excellent meal with strong flavours or interesting flavour combinations - especially considering the cost.I've been to Lolita two times and I still dream about it.  Definitely love the BYOT, we ordered the original marg and it was delicious: lots of fresh lime juice, not too much sugar, but still sweet. The carne asada and the shrimp enchiladas verde were both fantastic. The carne asada comes with a smoky cream sauce and it's the most tender steak you'll ever taste. I've also gotten the salmon, which came with delicious artichokes and a pickled beet and cilantro garnish. Food is definitely heavy, but fantastic.Have you read about this yet? BYOT...Bring Your Own Tequila. Yeah...
I know that's not original (see: every Lolita review), but the restaurant and BYOT? Definitely an original...
Living in Chicago, I'm spoiled by amazing Mexican/Latino/South American food (if you don't know why, check out our recent census...we're blessed with a robust population of those from South of the Border), but I was steered correctly to Lolita by Philadelphians in the know! An amazing dining experience...
Truthiness:
- The guacamole is amazing (but as good (Chicagoans) as the made-to-order cart at Adobo Grill next to Second CIty)
- The Margarita mixes are out of this world (esp the mango basil...mmm mmm good!)
- The "Beef tips" -- not on the menu -- ask for them by name...you won't be sorry!!!!!
- The Tiramisu (????) -- yeah, I know...at a Mexican joint...the tiramisu, with fluffy whipped cream and hazelnuts, is the best I've ever had. period.
Go on a week night at around 6-7 before it gets busy!!!I love love love tis place..its such a good place to bring out-of-towners to to really show off our city! Also a great place to start the evening off with..BYO tequila and so amazing..no reservation policy pretty much guarantees that ull have to wait for a table but just go over to el vez for a drink at their bar and lolita will call u when ur table is ready...The blood orange marg mix is deff the best..get it! the guacamole is awsome..we always start with it..but its not a huge portion so i wouldnt try to feed more than 2 or 3 ppl with it. I always get the porkchop and its ALWAYS amazing..the boy has gotten the duck..good but tiny..salmon is delish! and last time he got the shortrib and it was so good! service is decent but if they r really busy you cant just stay and drink when the meal is over...u can finish ur pitcher but they wont give you another one if ur done eating.
tip; always refresh the pitcher with tequilla as the waitstaff never puts enough!
ENJOY!It's really a shame this place is so tiny. Came here around 8 on a saturday armed with tequila and high hopes, since they don't take reservations on friday or saturday. We were disappointed to hear that they were no longer seating inside for groups of 6, so our only option was outside, and it was a pretty chilly night. We were already there, so we went for it.  We decided chugging tequila would be the best method of keeping warm, so we started off with a pitcher of guava margaritas (we actually ordered blood orange, but the mix-up turned out to be delicious). The mixes are AMAZING. So fresh and you could not taste the tequila at all, and we added a lot.
We ordered guacamole to split between 4 people, and it was enough as a small appetizer. It was good, but not really any better than other guac i've had and probably not as good as el vez. $9 is also a little steep for guac in my mind. We all ordered various entrees, and I had the hazelnut crusted duck breast. It was really good, and tender, and I probably would have enjoyed it a lot more if I wasn't focusing on how utterly cold it was outside. Others got the salmon, carne asada, enchiladas, and pork. Everyone loved their dish except the girl who got the pork for some reason. We decided to wrap up the meal with another pitcher, this time blood orange. It tasted similar to the guava, but more tart. 
Our bill came out to $211 for 6 entrees, 2 pitchers, and guacamole, so Lolita is pretty pricey. The server also automatically added 20% gratuity, which kind of bothered me since it's usually 18% and he really wasn't the best server. I wish I could come back here on a warm day to sit outside and drink endless BYOT pitchers of margaritas, but Lolita put a $18 food minimum in place to prevent this wonderful idea from happening. So, glad i tried it but I probably won't be going back, simply because I can't afford it.I should have known that "Midtown Row" would be crazy busy during Cinco de Mayo. Waves of people going to and fro, the noise level and all. My friend and I didn't get a table inside Lolita, so we sat outside on a relatively brisk early evening for trendy Mexican food. 
I hate sitting outside for many reasons, traffic, noise and pollutant from cars, good thing the street was blocked. But then the unpredictable weather elements is also an issue. (Yes, I'm a delicate flower, what can I tell ya?) Not only that, on a busy day like this day, if you're not sitting right next to the waitress your service will be a bit lacking. Good thing they distracted me with good food. 
We ordered the 4-hour carnitas which comes with some guac and warm tortillas and pineapple and cubed jicama. It's really tasty, the carnitas comes out sweet, I wish the pineapple is chunkier and riper but it's fun to make your own taco rolls. Not knowing about the guac in the carnitas (nobody told us), we also ordered a separate order of guac that comes with plantain, taro and regular chips. I love the fried plantain chips and the variety. Although for 2 of us big guys, 1 appetizer should be more than sufficient.
The entrees here are on the pricier side. I ordered the Carne Asada and my friend had the Chicken with pickled jicama and black beans. My Carne Asada came with one of those big plantain chips that I just had with the guacamole. The medium beef spiked with cumin was really tasty and perfectly cooked. I especially like the fried yucca for that steak-and-potato effect. The yucca absorb both the juice form the steak and the plantain crema and still remains a bit crispy. The chicken dish was good but forgettable. 
There were definitely multiple repetitions of elements in our meal but it was a pretty good meal, better if I known to bring my own tequila. Even when they are busy, the food still came out at a very nice pace. There was a homeless guy asking for change and he smelled, patrons who are waiting for tables yelling at ea-splitting levels, we also waited quite a long time for the server to get us our check but all in all, I liked it and will definitely go back if I can find a table inside.this place would get 5 stars if it accepted credit/debit cards.  what kind of establishment only takes cash??  lolita.
the food was excellent, as was the service.  and while we still didn't have a cheap meal, the fact that we were able to bring our own tequilla saved us a lot of $$$.
and i loved that you could sub tofu or portobellos for select meaty dishes.
i will definitely return!!Don't go here! It's too good and I don't want to have to start waiting for an hour to be seated. Please stay away and let my friends enjoy great food and service. BYOT premade margarita mixers are great!Dear Lolita, 
I love you. Now change up your menu - it's been years! Come on girl, it's time to put a new dress on that nice ass of yours.My favorite place to date! I love the appetizers, the entrees, the desserts, the margaritas (BYOT)!! The service is excellent!  The restaurant is located in a great part of the city!
Lolita is a great representation of what people are talking about when they say "Philadelphia has great restaurants!" - MUST GO HERE!
Warning: Lolita does not take reservations. I would say its a good place for no more than four, so you arent waiting a long time. its a small, popular place, so if you're with a group you might want to call ahead to see if they can accomendate you.  Any wait is worth it! you wont be disappointed.I ate at Lolita for the third time last night, and it was delicioso!  We ordered the traditional margaritas, and doctored them up to our liking.  Once we found a good booze-to-mix ratio, they were good.  We had the queso fundido, the braised short-rib with some spectacular smoked bacon-chayote-potato gratin and swiss chard.  We also got the coconut three milks cake - heaven.  
The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because of the two other times I've eaten here.  Two words: Meh, and 'tude.  The food has, in the past, been chewy and/or bland.  And the service has *always*-even last night- had a slight attitude problem.  So if this place could lose the subtle pretension and deliver food that is consistently great, five stars!  Until then, four stars...Both of us have been here before and had good experiences, so tonight was a (bad) surprise. The margaritas and appetizers were fine. 
We ordered the beef tenderloin - medium, and salmon. Both came very undercooked and were sent back. The beef came back still undercooked, and it was the same piece of meat that was cut into. Salmon was adequate.
We asked for the manager, who was also the hostess, and explained the situation. She told us, in an unpleasant tone, that medium meant red inside, and that the way it is cooked depended on how thick the cut of meat was (I guess if we saw the cut of meat before hand, we could have made a better decision?), and that next time, we should order it medium well if we want it pink. 
10 minutes later, she came back, and said "So, are we on the same page? Or do you want something else?" We just asked for the check at that point, as it was already a bad experience. They didn't take anything off the check or apologize for the bad experience. We definitely would not come back.I loved this place.  So cute and the food was delicious.  It is BYOB and cash only.  My server was friendly and I never felt rushed.  The guac was really good but the best thing I ate was the tiramisu. so so good.  Next time I am in town, plan to return.i just love the shrimp enchiladas.  Great place to chil  with friends.Just went here for the second time, during Center CIty Restaurant Week - for the second time as well. While I have never had the normal menu, the 4 hour pork carnitas are amazing! I've had the traditional and blood-orange margaritas, and I have to say the BYOT margs are pretty awesome - but the traditional is always better.
Also, the puerco a la parilla is excellent. 
However, BEWARE if you have a food allergy. Both times I've been here, they tried to serve my boyfriend apples, which he is allergic to. Luckily, once I pointed out the apples they accommodated the allergy - but it was pretty scary how close we came to an ER trip...They don't take reservations, which is a little annoying.  We went there with 10 people, so as you can imagine, it got a bit hectic in the beginning.  Fortunately, we were there early enough (6pm) to get a table that fit everybody.
The food was absolutely delicious and the tequila did not stop flowing!  We tried the orange flavored mix, which I hear is the best one and I don't doubt it cuz it was delic.  I don't remember what we got off the menu, but everything was delicious and if I remember correctly, we got pretty much everything.  It is a little pricey, but the servings are huge!  We didn't have room for dessert.  Will definitely go back (but with a smaller group next time).Went here for a bachelorette party of seven girls.  We arrived around 6:30 on a Saturday and got seated immediately, so I can't complain about the wait.
I was excited to try the blood orange margaritas, based on all of the reviews.  Our server recommended that we needed two pitchers so all seven of us could try some.  Unfortunately, we did not think the blood orange margarita mix was good, at all.  It tasted like weak limeade, hardly any orange flavor at all.  On top of that, the first pitcher was definitely enough for all seven of us, so here we were stuck with a full pitcher of margarita that we didn't want or need.  We would have tried another flavor if we hadn't been told we needed two of the blood orange pitchers.  Frustrating to say the least.  I've been to a few other BYOB margarita places where the mix is delicious and we get through an entire bottle of tequilla, here, we only used half a bottle.
Additionally, our server was not friendly at all.  She wasn't mean, just very short and not attentive.  We would seriously go 30 minutes without seeing her.  Not a huge fan of service like that.
BUT, the reason this place gets 4 stars, is the food.  We had the guacamole and chips to start, very good.  The chips were corn, plantain, and then probably yucca or taro, a nice mix.  The guacamole was delicious.  We also started with the pork carnitas, the flavor and slow-roasted taste of pork was outstanding.
For dinner I had the tenderloin over fried yucca.  The entire dish was delicious and I ate every last piece.  The sauce covering it was delicious as well, but I can't remember exactly what it was.
For dessert we had the chocolate flourless cake and the tres leches - both delicious and would order again.
Clearly the food was damn good to override the service and bad margaritas.  I definitely want to take my boyfriend here.strict Mexican this is not...but it is 100% delicious. everything we had was delicious. delicious. delicious. delicious. we started with the guac, very tasty, woulda been better for me if it were just a tad chunkier but that's just personal preference. the chips weren't overly oily and the salsa tasted very fresh. then we shared the goat cheese salad before moving on to the beef tenderloin and pork chop. both were tender and mouthwatering. the 3 of us left completely satisified and i'm even thinking about making a trip down here for my bday dinner since it's byob.  oh and did i say it was delicious?Food what deliciousness but the service was a little lacking.  I would go back if service was faster. Waiting for the dessert....maybe the tiramisu will help.Amazingly tasty and different. Fun atmosphere! Wish they'd get a credit card machine, easy to blow a hundred bucks for two people!  Great guac, great carna asada, great atmosphere.  Needs a better dessert menu..Mmm, blood orange drinks, birthdays, and vegetarian substitutions. I have found my Mexican love (te amo)!
Been here twice and both were enjoyable and tasty; got the enchiladas with pan-seared tofu instead of the shrimp. Also got the mango chipotle chips and this is the real deal. Everything tastes fresh and clean -- the green sauce with the enchiladas is just sublime. Thinking about it makes me hungry.
Definitely my favorite BYO in town.Went for Restaurant Week. Great service. Very accommodating. I didn't have a reservation and they found us a spot. Delicious food. BYOT is genius!! Fantastic margaritas. Great value. My only complaint is they don't take reservations online.Fresh and vibrant spin on old classics. Their dishes take authentic Mexican food and give it some subtle twists. The result is amazing food. The barbacoa is authentic and yet so much better than my abuelita's :) My only disappointment is the lack of beans and rice. All Mexican dishes need a side of refried beans and rice- without it, it simply isn't Mexican. I don't know if Lolita offers sides of beans and rice, but next time I go I will be asking for some on the side!My friends and I have been to Lolita before and had a decent experience. We headed here a couple weeks ago on a Saturday. We called ahead and were told that they couldn't accept any reservations on Saturdays and they can't seat parties larger than 6. OK - I've never heard of either of those rules before, but whatever. We already bought a bottle of tequila so we were committed to going there. So we arrived around 9 and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. That's fine. We went to another bar and they told us they'd call our cell when the table was ready. So we waited 60 minutes and headed back over there. Not one table had left since we put our name in and the hostess told us it would be another few minutes for people to finish up. So we continued to wait because there were several large tables (it should be noted there were 2 parties larger than 6 at the restaurant this evening) finishing their pitchers. We stood outside in the cold another 35-45 minutes. At this point, my friend asked the hostess if anything could be done. She responded "I never ask people to leave bc they'd hate me". So my friend opted to ask a party if they were wrapping up soon. The lady at the table responded rudely, so my friend responded in kind. A war of words ensued between the hostess, my friend, and the seated party. I fully realize we should have left an hour prior to this. We didn't. We stayed and the meal was fine. Just fine. Nothing special.  
The problem I have w/ Lolita is that they are a poorly-run business. What restaurant on the planet has people walk in off the street with magnum bottles of tequila and doesn't mind if they sit there and don't order anything for HOURS? No reservations at a restaurant is like having a wedding w no seating chart. It's 1% easier for the house and 99% more difficult for everyone involved. In my estimation, for a Saturday evening, they had about 1-1.5 services. I don't know how they stay open.If I were a restaurant, I would definitely be a BYOT. This place is awesome. Went here on a Friday night with a group of 4 at about 715 and were seated within a half hour. We proceeded to stay for over three hours and were not rushed at any point. 
Since we opted for a handle of Cuervo, we were able to sample all three flavors of margaritas (guava, classic, and blood orange). My personal favorite was the blood orange but all were fresh and delicious. Even with heavy handed pours, we could barely taste the tequila which was good but trouble.
The food was some of the better Mexican I have had. As others have mentioned the free chips and two kinds of salsa are a nice start and we complemented it with the Queso. The chorizo was smoky and delicious although there was not much of a kick like I had hoped. The cheeses were perfectly melted and went even better with the chips than the provided tortillas. I also had the lamb as an entree which was well cooked but not as flavorful as I had hoped and once again had no kick. The cojita cornbread was the highlight of the dish and worked well with the rest of the plate.
Great place, $200 with tip for the 4 of us isn't bad considering how much time we spent there. Lolitas is also convenient to Mcgillans around the corner to keep the party going, for better or for worse.We hit up Lolita during Restaurant Week and sat out side with along with our good friend Azul Tequilla.  
I have to say, this was an impressive meal.  I suppose mostly impressive because I don't hear that many people talking about the place.  Why the heck aren't you people talking about this place?!  
When going to a new restaurant, I usually half-heartedly ask the server what they recommend.  To my surprise, our super awesome waitress did a great job making some suggestions.  The food was very fresh and very well prepared.  The flavor combinations and textures were spot on.  You could see and taste the creativity their chef possesses.  
Yeah, it's been a couple weeks and I'm ready to go back for a full on meal here.  Score one for Restaurant Week and Lolita!
I wouldn't recommend sitting outside though.  There's a bunch of foot traffic on the sidewalk and if the restaurant has a wait you'll be crowded by the people waiting to get in.My family and I went to Lolita for the first time last week and really enjoyed our entire experience.  I have lurked yelp for quite a while now, and have used it plenty of times in order to find new places to dine or getting the inside scoop on different restaurants in the city.  My friend recommended Lolita and of course, I looked it up on yelp.
Wow.  What a slew of terrible one star rating reviews, and I am sure that the one star is because you have to choose at least one.  To say I became extremely apprehensive is an understatement, but since it seemed that all the bad reviews were from one party's experience, I decided to go ahead and give it a try.
My husband, daughter, and son in law went on saturday and due to Lolita not taking reservations on the weekends, had to wait a bit.  No problem, it was a nice night for the month of october and enjoyed walking around to pass the time.  The host was not rude nor incompetent.  If anything, he was very competent in my opinion.  He was handling a ton of customers who were all crowding the entrance and blocking the waitresses from getting in and out.  Imagine having to deal with all these people who are hungry and annoyed at having to wait longer than they wanted.  Come on people, its a friday night at a trendy center city restaurant.  Get over yourself, and give the guy a break.  Considering the difficulty of this job, I thought the host was pleasant and efficient.  
The reason I'm giving four starts is because of how tightly packed everyone is in this restaurant.  We were seated in between other tables with barely any room to get in and out to use the restroom.  Our waitress Becky was great.  She immediately greeted us with a big smile and friendly demeanor.  I hate going to "fine dining" restaurants where the waiters and waitresses are stuffy and stiff.  It makes me feel uncomfortable, and it was nice to have fun with our waitress.
The blood orange margarita mix is fresh tasting and all the food was excellent.  I love restaurants with open kitchens.  Our waitress checked back with us to see if we were enjoying each course and squeezed through to our table to keep our margarita glasses full.  My husband was pleased that she checked right after another waiter brought our food to the table to make sure his carne asada was cooked to how he requested.
I know this review is like a novel, but I wanted to clear Lolita's name after reading all the terrible reviews.  Reading them made me not want to try it, and I am so happy I did.  Do not let the bad reviews influence your decision to go to Lolita, try it and then decide.  The host is not a condescending nasty person and the waitresses are not money hungry nor inattentive.
We will absolutely be back again.So I'm new to Yelp and haven't been to Lolita in about a year... but it was FABULOUS. The food is gourmet mexican... it's tiny but they do take reservations - which is awesome. The marg mixes are heavenly - just bring a bottle of good tequila. The chorizio/cheese appetizer is BANGING! The prices are steep and I'm not giving it 5 stars bc they tell you at the beginning of the meal that "there is an 18$ minimum per person" rule... which is odd.. I mean duh! We are here to eat and spend money!Food: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
Price: 3.5 stars (Margarita Mixers are ridiculously overpriced)
Service: 4 stars
Location: 4 stars
Recommendations:  Lolita is more Mexican-Inspired than a Mexican food tribute restaurant.  They definitely pull from classic Mexican food dishes but the flavors don't jump out and scream authentic Mexican cuisine.  Nevertheless, the Carne Asada, Short Ribs, and Guacamole are well prepared and delicious.
This is a BYOT (Tequila).  The mixers are way over-priced.  My recommendation to you is not to let the waiter/waitress pour your tequila directly into the mixer.  Unless you have a big bottle of tequila, the Margaritas become too sweet and diluted.  I would recommend pouring the tequila in your own glass and adding the appropriate amount of mixer as you desire.  Definitely will get you drunk faster without having to drink a ton of heavy, sweet mixer.
Overall, another successful restaurant for Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran.
Overall: 4 starsWent with my cuz for restaurant week. We had a 6pm reservation but arrived at 5:40p. They accommodates us immediately and were friendly. I was surprised to see how empty is was at that time. We were seated next to the window; it was a pretty intimate seating arrangement. The waiter was friendly. We brought some Tequila (it's BYOT) and he offered us 3 different mixers for it. We went with the pear mix, which came out in a large pitcher. He was kind enough to mix the tequila for us and left the pitcher at our table to refill as needed. I loved the food (I love Mexican food). We tried each other's food and we both liked everything. Suffice to say, again, the food was really good, but I will just give a quick rundown of what we had:
Appetizers- Gorditas Con Carnitas and Tostaditas De Salmon Ahumado.
Entrees- Chuleta De Puerco Adobado and Pechuga De Pollo Con Recado Colorado
Dessert- Mexican Pot De Creme and Goat Cheese Cheesecake
Neither of us made it through our desserts as we were too full! I would definitely recommend this to people that love good food, love Mexican food,  and/or enjoy a BYOB spot to relax, eat and drink. 
It did eventually get somewhat packed by the time we left around 7:00. 
Again, it was restaurant week, but the bill only came to $90. $70 for the restaurant week specials, which included the apps, entrees and desserts. Then, we figured the mixer was maybe $10-$11 and the tax was $9-$10. 
I would definitely come back here on a non-restaurant week trip to try some of their other offerings.I came here for Taco Tuesday for $20:
I got the pork platter (it was a choice of 4 various plates, my friend got the salmon version and we shared) including rice, taco skins, and sauces!
I really enjoyed it and would come again.The food at lolita is good, but good food should be the norm at a restaurant especially when you are paying around $25+ per entree. There are other things about this restaurant that makes me not want to return:  
We arrived at the restaurant around 6pm when it was completely empty, except for 1 table. The servers and hostess clearly saw that we had entered the restaurant, but took all the time in the world to greet us. When we told them that we were a party of four and waiting for 2 more guests, the hostess told us that it was their "policy" they could not sit us until all members of the party arrived. So my husband and I stood amongst the empty tables, annoyed with the hostess's attitude. 
When we were finally seated and read the menu, we noticed that the restaurant also had a "policy" of $18 food minimum per guest. On top of everything else, this restaurant is cash only.  Considering that each entree was $20+, this policy was obviously not that difficult to meet. But what if a customer was not in the mood to order an entree and just wanted an appetizer? 
A good restaurant should not place restrictions on how a customer should spend their money.I hadn't been to Lolita in years so naturally it felt right to revisit on National Margarita day. 
There were three of us and we got there at the perfect time to get seated right away. Sometimes, I've waited a long time since they don't take reservations on the weekend. We then immediately got into their Margarita pitchers. I was thrilled to see the blood orange still on the menu so we tried that and a pear margarita. Both were great mixed with our bottle of tequilla. I just love the BYOT concept. 
We decided to share a bunch of appetizers which was a perfect way to eat AND make sure we were celebrating the special day. 
From what I can remember, we had the mango chipotle guacamole, the fundido con queso y chorizo, the pulled Turkey tamal and the smoked salmon tostaditas. All of them were delicious. The combination of the sweet mango and smokey chipotle in the guac was great. The tamal had great flavor and the corn masa was nice and moist inside. The fundido needs no explanation...I mean cheese and chorizo baked in a dish? Deliciousness. The salmon was also great but really tough to eat. I had to cut it up which was a bit awkward but the flavors were still very good. 
Lolita is a great place to go with some friends. Its BYOT, the atmosphere is bustling but not too crazy and the food is very good. I won't let my next visit be years later again!I was here a few weeks ago.  I was in search of a cool margarita on a hot night.  My server  (Megan?  she had a tattoo?)  was AMAZING.  She was very attentive and accommodating.  She even laughed at my lame joke about desperately needing patron!
Amazing service, even better food!  I can't wait to go back!Fantastic concept with the BYOT.  FYI, one bottle is usually enough... I once brought in two and got some funny looks from the staff.  We actually cracked into the second one, but the rest is hazy.  (Friendly note to Lolita: buy some shot or scotch glasses!)  Open kitchen and great decor creates a very lively but simultaneously warm atmosphere.  Never too crazy, never too calm -- great for groups or just the two of you -- well balanced all around.  
Don't miss the guac (standard or the special)... and the queso is delicious too.  On entrees, I want desperately to branch out and explore all that the Lolita menu has to offer me, but that infernal carne asada is just too damn good.  It calls to me every time I enter the restaurant, and I keep coming back like an addict.  But, having sampled just about everything else on that menu, I can say assuredly that you really can't go wrong.
Be prepared to wait on weekends, but relax, that just means it'll be good.  If you're there early, check out Open House a few doors down while you wait -- same owners, and they've got some cool stuff for the home.  In another city, Lolita might have to be four stars, but in Philly, where your only other decent mid-range Latin option is a restaurant named after a Mexican Elvis impersonator, Lolita gets the full five.  One of my favorites.Despite what everyone else says about this place, and the high ratings, I am not impressed. Last night was the fourth time I have been here, and same story.
To begin, there is always a long line. Usually 45 minutes to get a table, but the good thing is, you can give them your cell phone number and they'll call you as soon as your table is ready. This not the reason I'm giving them a 2.
The reason I am giving them a 2 is because I do not like the taste of their food. It's not Mexican style food. I love  Mexican, and you will not find the typical menu here. I've had their popular steak with the yellow cream sauce and did not like it. Great steak, just a nasty sauce, and everything is mixed with their nasty sauce (vegetables, mashed potatos). Last night I had the mahi mahi. It had a nasty sauce on it with Sausage. Who eats sausage with fish???
Anyways, the reason people like this place is because it's bring your own tequilla. You BYOT and then pay $15 for some type of punch to mix this with. You can go to any BYOB in phillly and bring Tequilla and bring your own Juice / Mixer so I don't know why this is so special. People probably just don't know.
I guess it's good to try it once to get the experience, but if I can, I will not go back to this place.OH MY!!  I have been to Lolita's many times.  First I can eat guacamole to my hearts content, AND I can bring my own tequila.  Their traditional pitcher is great, but don't miss their seasonal mixers of watermelon basil, or the blood orange.
This is not Mexican, and it's not Tex-mex, this place takes traditional Mexican flavors and puts them with Fillet, lamb, duck and does it with unmatched elegance.  Try the carnitas app, and guac, but be sure to save room for dinner.  Perfect portion size for the fillet with yucca; the smokiness of the sauce is wonderful.  Who would've thought Mexican duck would be so good?  I think it was the pecans with the fruity sauce.  Mole sauce for the pork was yummy.  We order family style a lot to give us the opportunity to try everything, and I've never had anything I haven't loved.  The only bad thing I can say is that sometimes the service can be a bit snotty, and they don't like to compromise.  We often like to order our apps first, drink, then order entrees.  No can do.  We forgive you!  Crowded and noisy but that is only because we are all so excited about the food!  It can be a bit pricey for a BYO, but it is well worth it.It was a really good experience. I've never been to a byot restaurant before! The bloody Mary Margarita was delicious!! The one thing I didn't like is that the restaurant don't take reservations, so its first come first serve. We went on a Friday night, luckily we were seated right away. The carne asada was well made. I want to try the chicken next.My Rating for Lolita has nothing to do with the food, ambiance or price .... just with absolutely terrible customer service. 
My sister and her boyfriend were down from NYC for the holiday weekend and wanted to go out to dinner on Friday night. After checking different options we decided to give Lolita a try because the reviews looked good and the BYO Tequila was intriguing. 
We called and tried to make a reservation figuring if we were heading to the city on a Friday night it was a better idea than going in without one. My wife called and was informed that they didn't take reservations for Friday or Saturday nights but the wait wouldn't be that bad if we came a little later. She asked what time and was told that the wait at 7:30 or 8 would be short. 
So Friday night we head down to the city with plans to meet up at Lolita around a quarter to 8. We park and head over to the restaurant. 
What do we find when we get there, a sign saying the restaurant is closed for a private party. 
That afternoon they told us when to show up even though they weren't open. 
So now we're in the city, 8pm on a Friday night with no reservation, just f-ing great ... 
Hopefully my sister decides to comment on this too ... a nice double barreled Elite smackdown is well deserved for a bush league move like that.This is a nice little spot in Center City Philly serving modern Mexican cuisine.  What was interesting to me was that I didn't see a single Mexican or anyone of Latino persuasion working or eating there.  But the food was damn good.
It's a small intimate place with perhaps 20 or 30 small tables.  This is not your everyday Mexican eatery.  This is upscale fare but doesn't hit the pocket too hard.  That could be because Lolita's is one of many BYOB joints in Philly.  They actually call it BYOT, for "bring your own tequila."  Not surprisingly, there's a spirit store right across the street, which--I'm told--may be affiliated with this and other byob's on this block.  I don't know if that's true, but I wouldn't doubt it.  Pennsylvania's got some pretty quirky liquor laws, so purveyors can get creative.  
So with a fifth of Jose, mixed with Lolita's special joy juice mixer, we had some great margaritas.  This go-round, I had one of the best, and thickest pork chops I've ever had; a dish called Pureco Pureco. It's an espresso-rubbed pork chop served with smoked bacon potatoes (WHAT!) and sautéed spinach.  I told you it is not your everyday Mexican eatery.  This chop was about two and a half inches thick with the bone in and seasoned quite nicely.  The smoked bacon potatoes were as heavenly as they sound.    
There are many other great things on the menu, plus the margaritas.  The downside?: The BYOB is somewhat of an issue for me, AND, this place only accepts cash!This place is great, and I think well priced. Even though its a BYOB, be sure to bring some tequila as they will mix it with their special and make it a drink to remember. Cash only which is why they are missing a star, but great food!Big surprise, another good review for Lolita. It sucks because we're pretty much SET UP to give it a good review. Any place that encourages you to bring your own tequila is asking for at the minimum an automatic 4 stars review because you won't be pissy that you spent $100 alone on drinks. 
I had the carne asada on the suggestion of my server and freak her because I came not especially hungry and scraped the entire dish clean. The sauce was amazing and it was perfectly cooked! I think she was trying to thwart my attempt to get obliterated on tequila. Which I am so thankful for.
I tried the boy's short ribs and had to tell myself that eating four forkfuls is no longer "tasting" somebody's dish. 
And my two other friends liked their dishes too. But I can't comment on them because they also licked their plates clean before I got to "taste" them.
We then shared a dessert-- cheesecake. Big mistake. It was like a race to the end. I don't think I swallowed at all-- I just kept stuffing my face before other people could. So greedy.
Anyway here are the things we all complain about even though we live in Philly and should be used to it: cash only, no reservations on friday and saturday nights, not that many vegetarian options. Ok I said it. But remember, I'm also saying that I loved it.My favorite restaurant in Philly for about 3-4 years running.  The food is very good and the menu is thoughtful and consistent.  My favorite dish is the carne asada which is a must have if you love beef and want something solid/hearty.  The service is great and the price points are reasonable. The ambiance is nice...dark but inviting and filled with diners having fun, drinking, eating, laughing. 
Pro Tip: You can order Budino dessert from next door Barbuzzo while you're at Lolita, BOOM!
Highlights: guac with the salsa, mango sides, carne asada, seafood
Cons: Cash only, hard to get a table on busy nights, desserts are so-soWent here w/ a group of friends, everybody seemed to enjoy themselves.  Steak was delicious, calamari appetizer - not so much.  Classic margarita mix was good, I would say that (w/ byob tequila) the resulting drink was better than a lot of margaritas in the city.  On the other hand, you are paying $10 for lime juice.  Heard a lot of rave reviews about the restaurant before coming here.  Afterward, not sure why it gets so much hype.  But, overall it was a good experience.
Food: 4/5
Drinks: 5/5 (BYOB)
Service: 3.5/5
Decor: 3/5
Bang 4 the $: 3/5
Will come back: YesExcellent food, even better drinks. The margarita mixes are out of this world! I'm completely willing to pay the slightly high prices and get there early for a table--for special occasions. I do, periodically, daydream about the skirt steak I had...mmmm.Excellent food more than offset by the incredibly snotty service. Their studied indifference to customers is amazingReally like the food here, and the mixes for tequila are great.   However, the service has really slipped.  Used to be fun and attentive.  Now it is somewhat condescending, unattentive and erratic.  Hopefully the place will focus on the issue so that I can go back to loving it, but that won't be anytime soon.You Need To Know:  Order the guacamole and chips. You won't be sorry. The chips are fresh and light. The guac is creamy and rich - and comes with jicama. Two other sauces are included. Very fine.
You May Need To Know:  The menu welcomes vegetarian substitution. Ditch the cholesterol and have a couple o' hunks of tofu. You'll be very satisfied.
You'll Be Glad To Know:  Lolita does wonderful things with plaintains. And if you don't use cumin in your everyday cooking, you might after eating at Lolita.
You Don't Need To Know:  My opinion of the margaritas, 'cause I don't drink. But the folks at tables around us were certainly, uh, enjoying them.
Be Prepared:  Lolita was 3/4 full when we were there and the volume level was barely tolerable. I'm from Seattle and maybe we're just overly polite. Or maybe people in Philly just like to scream. But there was screaming going on in Lolita and I think it was in effort to be heard.
What I Know:  I'll go back here again on my next visit, probably later in the evening to avoid the decibel assault.Lolita brings a twist to Philly's BYOB concept by inspiring BYOT (tequila). If you bring your own tequila they'll mix it into their special margarita mixes tableside for you. Obviously this is the perfect way to enjoy mexican food. While the margarita mixes are expenisve they're good and cheaper than pitchers you would pay for at other good Mexican places in Philly. 
The menu is pretty spartan compared to other Mexican places but has enough good stuff for anyone. The main appetizer they sell you on is their guacamole which is very creamy and fresh. I like mine a little more spiced up, but it's good. They serve it to you with two types of a salsa, tortilla chips, plantain chips and sweet potato chips (which there should be way more of). I've also had the tamales for an appetizer which are damn good. Entrees are a wide variety with fish, enchiladas, plenty of red meat choices, and nice spiced duck breast. I've had the enchiladas, pistacchio crusted duck, lamb loin with huatiloche stuffing, and red snapper. All were good though I'd say the duck and lamb were the best. The kitchen excels in the meat department and I would recommend those dishes. Though vegetarians should not despair since they do a tofu substitution for two of the dishes. 
I've never made it out of here trying their desserts since there's a gelato place across the street. It's a fun place for small groups, but be sure to bring cash since they don't accept cc's.The very rich and delicious Guacamole (very generous with the avocado) is a great way to start a meal with friends. I had a wonderful Walu for an entree and a bread pudding for dessert.  Everything was very delicious, and the BYOT to make Margaritas was a fun experience.  I highly recommend getting the blood orange or watermelon flavor when available for the Margaritas.  The restaurant has simple décor but a cozy, warm atmosphere.Wowowie! Finally got a chance to get to Lolita, and boy did I have a GREAT time! First off, I sat outside where conversation quickly sparked up between a couple from London to our left, and Jersey to our right. So, before looking at the menu I felt comfortable.
The menu was great. Tons of fresh takes on Mexican and Spanish classics. Not super hungry, I just ordered ceviche, plus their guacamole for the table which came out first. The guac was out of this world. Arguably the best that I have ever had. I loved the inclusion of fried plantains. 
The salmon and watermelon ceviche was also remarkable. A wonderfully healthy summer dish, that went perfectly on the warm evening. 
On the whole, I cannot find one problem with this meal and restaurant. I definitely will be back soon!I just returned home from an excellent Restaurant Week experience at Lolita! 
Compared to most Restaurant Week meals, the prix fixe menu at Lolita was generously portioned. I actually found myself filling up even before my main course arrived. I had the 4 hour carnitas first. They were excellent-- moist, flavorful, and well paired with guac and pear pieces. The stuffed chicken was deliciously tender and perfectly cooked, though a bit too salty. The black beans and fried plantains added a traditional touch, though I would have enjoyed a more modern twist to the dish. The caramel cheesecakes were delicious and, again, very well-portioned. Each plate came with two large cheesecake 'medallions'. The cake was rich but not over-sweet, partially owing to the chili pepper and oreo crust.
It is definitely worth noting that Lolita is BYOT. We got a pitcher each of pear, traditional (lemon/lime), and blood orange margarita. All were excellent.
The only caveat to dining at Lolita is that they only accept cash. This is somewhat tricky given the slightly higher prices. 
Overall, an enjoyable, very filling meal. Certainly one of my best Restaurant Week experiences.Lolita is one of my favorite spots in Philly that I would take my friends visiting me to go eat and drink. It's one of many shops/restauratns that Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran have opened on 13th street (which, once upon a time, was not so trendy before these ladies and other entrepreneurs came on the scene) that delivers an exceptional experience in Philly.
The good: the food is outstanding (the Carne Asada is so scrumptious that my entire table ordered it once) and the BYO tequila policy allows you to have cheap margaritas with delicious fresh mix (regular margarita and flavored variations, including a delicious blood orange and some hit-or-miss seasonal varieties).
The less desirable: Lolita takes absolutely no reservations on weekends (which sucks if you have people visiting from out of town who cannot make it during the week), it's cash only (but there are ATMs all over the block), it can get very loud inside very easily, and parties of 6 or more order for a fixed-price menu (like it or not!).
I recommend Lolita to anyone in Philly, but have a Plan B restaurant in case you can't bear the wait on a weekend, bring some tequila, and keep your party at a manageable size. The peeves I have about Lolita, and the food is so fantastic that I do not find them to be deal-breakers, but not 5-star worthy (unfortunately!).Love this place, not only because you can bring your own tequila but also because the food is very yummy.  It's definitely not cheap but totally worth it.  The Guacamole Con Totopos Mixtos is a must (it's not mixed tableside like at Rosa Mexicano or Dos Caminos in NY but still delicious) and our entrees were great as well.  I'm not a big margarita fan but this place made me actually like them for a night, and they put a sizeable portion of my Jose Cuervo in there but the drink still tasted great.  AWESOME.  This place definitely stands out.One of the best Mexcian BYOB's in center city!  They have amazing guacamole (even better then El Vez across the street) and have delicious entrees as well (Carne Asada is my favorite).  Definitely a great place to go and in a perfect location, tons of nightlife in that area!  If you haven't been here... it's a must if you love Mexican.  Just make sure you bring cash.... I hope one day they take credit!One of the best restaurants in Philly.  The guac is a must.  We also recommend the shrimp enchiladas and the braised short-rib.  My husband and I actually like these entrees so much, we have trouble ordering anything else when we visit.  All of the desserts are fabulous and the service is always stellar.I wish I had a Lolita in my neighborhood. Couldn't I have that as a birthday wish? No wonder why people move from NJ to Philly. It's places like Lolita that they fall in love with.
On a Monday at Lolita with warm weather, I had a killer good time and will no doubt, do it again. 4 of us sat outside with our tequila drinks (BYOT) and didn't hesitate to practically kill the bottle. We started with the guacamole con totopos mixtos ($9 guacamole, jicama, mixed chips of malanda de coco, plantain and corn). The app was simple, standard...nothing to rave about.
Entree: I had the enchiladas verdes con camarones enchipotlades ($18, shiitake and lancaster jack cheese enchiladas, salsa verde, chipotle marinated gulf shrimp, cumin rice and refried beans)...YUM. It was one of the best mexican dishes I've had in a really long time. The cheesiness blended well with the shiitake mushrooms and shrimp. Since the chef or server (who was as equally fantastic) goofed on holding the refried beans I had an extra entree. One would say that's luck more than mistake! The guys I was with ordered short rib and were not entirely full so the 'mistake entree' didn't even make it home. 
Looking back there were a few things new patrons should know:
-Cash only
-Short rib = small dish
-Reservations are suggested on the nights they allow them.
-Parties of 5 max will be okay, any more people and you're better off at EL Vez.
-Close to walk from/to subwayI had heard good things about Lolita, so when a friend came into the city last night, I thought this would be a great place to take her.  
When we entered, we were immediately greeted by a friendly hostess and seated in the back.  The restaurant is very tiny and the tables are basically on top of one another, so it was a little uncomfortable being so close to other diners.  They are a cash-only restaurant (which they let you know right up front), but for some reason, they have a bizarre $18 per person food minimum.  Do they make you wash dishes in the back if you don't meet the requirement?  I've never been to another place with this rule.  We brushed this off, though, and ordered the guacamole to start.  It came out quickly.  The bowl was a decent size, we had plenty of chips, and it came with two sides of salsa (red and green).
Our entrees, though, did take quite a bit of time to get to our table.  When they finally arrived, they looked strikingly similar, even though I had ordered a pork chop and my friend had gotten the chicken.  It took about 10 seconds for us to figure out if the correct plates were really in front of us.
My pork chop was okay, but for $22, I wasn't blown away by it.  It had a one-note spice to it and it was over-salted.  Even as I sit here today trying to eat the leftovers, I still find it too salty to really enjoy.  It came with a corn salsa on the side that was pretty tasty and I actually wish I had gotten more of that.  My friend seemed to enjoy her chicken dish and finished it in its entirety.  Perhaps I just picked the weaker dish on their menu.  I thought the food was on the expensive side, though, so I can't really see myself coming back here in the near future to try out more of their dishes.Bring your own tequila and get ready for a wonderful dinner.  Order a pitcher of margaritas and add your own booze. This is economical, and will leave you more money for food and dessert. 
Steak was AWESOME.  Choc. flourless cake was to die for. Don't eat too much guac.This is my new favorite restaurant. I went this past Friday night. I don't remember the name of the dish I had, but it was deeelish! The margarita was really tasty too. Oh and I am not a huge meat eater, but they let you substitue mushrooms or tofu. I had the mushrooms instead of shrimp and it was awesome! Pure awesomeness!Had dinner here with the BF and my sis last weekend. We were syked to get in with no wait after being turned away at Barbuzzo's around the corner.  BYO Tequila, cool concept.
We ordere the guac, which came with a salsa and green sauce as well. All tasted good, the red salsa was very savory. Also ordered the turkey albondigas (meatballs). Yum! Only 3 to an order, which was perfect for us, be beware 4-tops! 
I got the mahi mahi, sis got the short rib, BF got the chicken. We all licked our plates clean. Short rib was buttery tender, fish was light and flakey, came on a delicious hominy cake.  The BF finished off his chicken before we could try it, so I'm sure it was also bien rico ;) I'm definitely into modern mexican, if in NYC, try Suenos for a similar experience, but extensive tequila menu. 
Good service, cool atmosphere. Recommended!Best thing about this place is their homemade margarita mix - such as blood orange flavor margarita. This place is a BYOT so remember to bring a bottle of your favorite tequila. 
Their best main entree gotta be Carne Asada. Remember that this place only takes cash!LOVES IT! We have been here several times and have had everything on the menu. I love it all. My fav is beet salad, mango guac and the carne asada and lamb are a tie. We went here for a huge b-day dinner and ordered one of everything and shared. It has a great and friendly atmosphere. I don't know who thinks the service is bad. I haven't seen that. The only small thing I don't like is BYOB. The liquor store nearby was out of tequila on one visit so we didn't get margaritas. And I think the price of the mixers is a bit high for having to tote your own booze. But still worth it overall. Can't wait to go back. We plan ahead now. Make a reservation and buy tequila before heading over.I'm adding one star to my previous review of Lolita. After numerous dinners here the past few months, I have found the service to be exponentially better. No complaints here!
Even when it's a busy night, the mgmt staff seems on top of their game.Well, my friend HATEs this place so much but i love it.
Things you need to know about this BITCH before you come here:
1. NO CREDIT CARD. Get some cash y'all.
2. BYOB. Bring TEQUILA. 
3. Service is OK.
4. There is a DRINK menu (non-alcoholic) comes with the main one. Yes it's small and it is written in some kindda not very clear terms but you can ask the server about these. 
Well, if you know that, you won't be as upset as my friend.
I love the entree i have and you have free chips with salsa/guacamole as appertizers. and j'adore the decor they have here with bricks wall, dim lights and cute waiter.     
This place is not really Mexican. If you're looking for some authentic Mexican place, don't try this bitch.BYOT (Bring Your Own Tequila)
One of the best dinner out nights I've had in a long time! I went here with a group of girls with a cheap bottle of tequila in hand :) Ready to get this party started and let's just say the tequila did it's job.....
We started off the evening with a very nice and friendly waiter. Then in we dove for our pitchers of magaritas. They will bring out their margarita mix of your choice and pour your tequila and mix for you. My favorite was definitely the blood orange margaritas, but the guava was also delicious. Highly recommended! With the mix being ~$13, and our $10 tequila, we got  about 3 drinks out of the two pitchers and ended up about $8 bucks each to get a pretty darn good buzz going :)
Already in high spirits with drinks, the food just made the fun night even better! I kid you not when I say all the dishes I got to try tasted really delicious and distinct. The flavors all blended well together, with everything cooked perfectly. LOVEE!! My favorite dish was the carne asada.
With all that said and done, it was even more amazing when our bill came out and was surprisingly cheaper than expected considering how well fed and "replenished" we were.
I will definitely be returning!This is Marcie Turney's baby.  Before 13th street became what it was, before El Vez piggy-backed its cuisine and all the fancy boutiques took residence here, Lolita began the revolution.
Lolita was in fact my first foray into the world of BYOBs when I moved to Philly in '03.  So I have a soft spot for this place and though my experiences have vacillated between three and five stars throughout the years, I think Lolita is still definitely in my top ten list for BYOBs in the city.
First and foremost, byoT .  Damn straight. Tequilla, say no more. Though the pitchers are price-y - the cocktails are tasty.  Of course, you're not limited to bringing just that sweet devil liquor, but it's an option.
Food, again, consistent execution from the kitchen - with my fave (along with others, it seems - the carne asada) -  Menu could stand to get a bit of reinvention, but otherwise, food is simply delicioso.  Service here is decent, although depends on the server and always how busy the place is.  Noise level is medium and lighting quite dark and they do take reservations (but not on Friday or Saturday) - and like other BYOBs, ugh, cash only.Yummy! You can't beat Mexican food with Bring your own Tequila! 
The food was delicious, thank god for the prices they charge!
Note - if you are going in a big group it can be slow because you have to put the entire order in together (including appetizers and entrees).I've walked by Lolita probably a good 30 times in the past, and each time it's packed so they must be doing something good. Friends suggested we try it out, and we were not disappointed!
We went for the Dining out for Life Menu (3 courses). 
DRINKS:
They make pitchers of margaritas for 10 bucks, and you bring your own tequila. This is actually a great idea, but make sure if you're meeting a party you only bring one bottle. We ended up with three.. ;) You can BYO Wine/Booze too, but we stuck with Margaritas and Wine. 
(If you're from out of town or not familiar with the city, there is a Wine and Spirits shop on Chestnut between 12th and 13th where you can pick up your refreshments).
FOOD:
Since it was the prefixed menu, we didn't have a lot of choice, but all o our options looked great!
Appetizer: Mexican Chopped Salad- AMAZING. I couldn't keep my fork down! The combination of the roasted beats, jicama, chickpeas, and goats-milk cheese with the mixed greens tossed in a herb-lime dressing was terrific.
Entree: Yucatan-style Chicken Breast- DELICIOUS. Served stacked, the fried plantains and black beans were on the bottom, topped by the chicken breast, which was adorned by a dollop of home-made guacamole and topped with a crispy plantain. I enjoyed the apple-cider bbq sauce, but combined with the fried plantains, I could see how some wouldn't like the sweet flavors. The bbq did have a savory finish to it though. The chicken breast was surprisingly substantial and juicy (unlike the thin dried pucks you sometimes get). 
Dessert: Pecan Cheesecake- HEAVENLY. Seriously, the portion was just right after the amount of food and alcohol that was consumed. One would think it would be overly rich and sweet (cheesecake/pecans), but it had a really good balance of both, with out making you want to feel like you're going into a coma afterward. 
DECOR/INTERIOR:
The restaurant is a tad bit small, but that's to be expected for it's location. Seating parties of 6+ is a bit difficult as they have to combine tables. I wouldn't even attempt to seat a party of more than 8 people. 
The acoustics in the restaurant are terrible. It has high ceilings, brick walls, and an open kitchen with nothing to absorb the noise. If you have the option to sit outside, I recommend it. The occasional loud vehicle/bus is much better than having to scream across a table to have a conversation. Unfortunately this is why the restaurant did not receive a 5* review for me. 
FINAL THOUGHTS:
Great food, great drinks, and I like the quaint atmosphere. Try to sit outside (weather permitting), as the acoustics are horrific inside, and the space feels cramped when a lot of large parties are being sat all at the same time.Easy 5 stars experience, without a doubt.  Grilled pork chop with jalapeno cornbread was in the top 3 pork dishes I've ever had.  My bride absolutely went crazy over her salted beet + goat cheese salad and the roasted poblano gorditas.  Even the chips and salsa were great!  Blood orange Margarita was tasty but maybe a tad pricey ($13) for a pitcher of non-alcoholic drink mix.  Then again, we're not big drinkers so maybe that's the going rate?  Lastly, we had to get the Mexican tiramisu since we saw it on the Food Network ... it was very, very good.
We thought we should get there a few minutes before 5pm to make sure we got a table, but it wasn't necessary to be that early.  Even though it was a Friday evening (which meant they didn't do reservations), we could have walked in between 5:30p-6:00p and still grabbed a table for two with no/minimal wait.I could sum up my review in three words, "Tasty margaritas!  Squeee!"  I love the add-your-own-tequila pitchers of "margarita mixer" they sell for around $10.  The flavors vary, but all of the ones I have tried have been fantastic.  I think my favorite was the black cherry.  The blood orange is also very tasty.  
While having a pitcher or margarita before the food arrived possibly influenced my objective opinion of the food, I also loved the food.  Especially the tamal appetizer (and I hadn't had much margarita at that point, so my opinion is probably a little objective).  I think that was my favorite thing on the menu.  
My husband is picky about steak.  He always thinks he wants to order steak.  And then he does.  And then he complains because it isn't as good as what he could grill himself.  But he loved the carne asada here.  In fact, he said "This is better than what I could make myself." And I've never heard him say that before about a steak.  
I can't really think of anything bad to say about Lolita except that they are cash only and they don't take reservations which makes them somewhat difficult to deal with (but they are totally worth it!)I feel like a Jewish mother and Lolita is my son that can do no wrong. All of your negative comments I take to reflect your own personal failings and in no way represent my beloved Lolita. Just try the Carne Asada and the Queso Fundido! Try them. What? You think they're just okay? Well, that's because you're stupid. And I hate you. 
As for the margaritas, sure, they are overpriced, but they're also ridiculously good and ya' know, you can get this place lively (despite a decor that invites you to imbibe slowly). I went once on a Tuesday and was throwing back shots with the 50-yr old couple at the table next to us. If that's not love...cash only stinks. but whatever.
guac with mango and chipotle is awesome.
byot is smart.
one issue: called one evening to see if they take reservations. dude on phone said they do not, but to come on down. upon arrival... "do you have reservations?" uhhh. no. 10 minutes ago, you told me you don't take them.  then he went into mother theresa mode and was miraculously able to wrangle a table. oh thank god for the saintly virtues of the greeter.I went on a date!  And it was here!  And this is exciting!
Ok, I personally thought the service was fine, despite the fact that the host yelled "They're unisex, Missy!  Just pick one!" at me while I tried to suss out the bano situation.  
If I were you, I would dismiss the idea of this place having "mexican" food before you go.  While it is nom nom nomlicious, it only slightly resembles things cooked in your illegal busboy's kitchen.  
Me plus boy started with the queso fundido and salmon somethingorothers.  Cortadito, tostadito, frito bandito?  I don't know.  The salmon thingies were yummy because you can't go wrong with smoked salmon.  The queso fundito was rather fun because it wasn't as deliciously heart stopping as you would get at a real mexican restaurant.  There was like...salsa in there.  And pickled onions(?) on top.  It cut the greasy pleasure of the cheese/rizo goodness underneath.
For the main I got up on some mahi mahi, which it appears was also served with chorizo.  And some kind of stuffing type mixture.  It was fabulous, and kind of spicy.  The kind of spice that builds after you've already swallowed the food.  Boyface had some lamb dish that made me want to leap over the table, stab him with the fork and run off with the plate in the night.  Did I mention we were having margaritas also?  Anyway, I don't know what this deliciousness cost because I'm a Lady of Lazy right now and apparently let boys buy meals for me.  
If you still have a job, or know a generous person that does, you should definitely go here and get your daily foodgasm.Bring-your-own-tequila and many flavors of margarita.  The steak was so tender and flavorful that I closed my eyes for every bite.I went to Lolita for restaurant week and was expecting a lot better food!  Not that the food was bad, it just didn't blow my mind.
Pros:
--Gordita appetizer was good--probably the best course of the night, but nothing spectacular that you couldn't find at a lower-priced Mexican restaurant 
--Margarita MIX (It's a BOYT (Bring Your own Tequila) ) Yay! :-)  We got the strawberry basil which was refreshing
Cons
--Entree :::thinking...what did I order??? Probably the fact that I have to think about what I ordered lets you know it was definitely not memorable:::  Oh yea!  I had that BLAND & DRY pork chop! lol --don't get that :-/
--SERVICE WAS SOOOOO SLOW, Customers were getting extremely upset, I swore I saw one table leave before the bill came
Neither/Pro or Con:  Dessert:  Coconut Tres Leches---I don't know why I ordered this b/c I do not like coconut.  I guess since everyone told me it was soooo good, I had to try it.  It was a warm dessert which I am always a fan of, but I just couldn't get past those coconut bits.  My friends who like coconut said it was delicious---so if you like coconut you'll probably enjoy this.  
Philly....I just can't get down with the overpriced Mexican food.  It's MEXICAN FOOD.....it should be cheap, greasy, and downright delicious.  Maybe it's just a midwest thing...back to Qdoba I go, once again!
Now that I think about it...I really should be giving this place 2 stars, maybe 2.5 stars is more accurate.I wish I remembered exactly what it is I always get here.. But I do know this is a necessary stop for my dad whenever he's in town. He gets kind of annoyed that it's a BYO, but there's a state store right down the street for out of towners  that don't come prepared. 
I believe the dish I usually get the fillet tips, which may or may not still be on the menu since I remember getting the enchilada last time I went which was definitely 5/5. 
The staff is extremely helpful and laid back, the perfect place to come with your date, a group of friends, or even your parents!We went for Philadelphia's Restaurant Week.  A special menu was designated for the event, which allowed each of us to choose an appetizer, entree and dessert for a fixed price.  
Based on other reviews, I was expecting terrible service, but our server was nice and efficient as was the foodrunner.  
We ordered a pitcher of the famous blood orange margarita mixer for a bottle of Patron we brought in.  The server opened the bottle for us, added the tequila, stirred the pitcher and served our first glass to us.  
Apps were ok -- a bit on the bland side.  I got some sort of pulled pork dish with corn tortillas.  I was hoping for more flavor in the pork.  My other half got some sort of corn cake app that was extremely bland.  
Dinner was awesome.  I got a chicken dish served over black beans with fried plantains.  OMG awesome.  I dream of having this dish again.  My other half got something with shrimp, which he enjoyed immensely.  I didn't try it because I don't eat seafood.  
Dessert was definitely my favorite part of the evening -- aside from being with my mister and the tequila we were drinking ...  
I had the Mexican pot de creme.  OH MY.  I'd ensconce myself in that if it were socially acceptable. 
The man unit had a cheesecake dish of some sort.  Dark chocolate crust.  Perfect creamy cheesecake.  
Definitely going back.  Hopefully sooner rather than later.Any time you find a restaurant that is BYOT you know you're in for some kind of treat.  Lolita is a small, nicely setup restaurant on 13th street, if you're walking too fast, you'll miss it & you'd definitely be missing something great. A coworker and I tried it out this week and were beyond impressed with how good the food was.  We both  had the Carna Asada A Lolita.  The avacado - tomatillo salsa was absolutely fantastic, I loved it!  The steak, cooked perfectly seemed to have a lot of flavor from both the salsa & the avocado that topped it.  The wait staff was kind, able to seat us quickly & our waiter came by several times to make sure we were okay & the food was cooked to our liking.  We unfortunately didn't have any tequila that night, but we'll definitely go back with our tequila next time!  I would have given Lolita 5 stars, but as a person who NEVER carries cash, I had no idea when I walked in that they accepted cash only.  Thankfully my friend covered me & I paid him back!Very yummy food.  The enchilada dish is amazing, and I've heard great things about the salmon.  I also love love love that it is BYOT.  They have very tasty mixers for your bottle of Jose.  Makes the evening so much cheaper.
Service was terrible though.  The waitress seemed annoyed with absolutely everything we did, including asking her to open our wine.  Not our fault she's not getting tipped on alcohol.
They also don't let you sit until your entire party has arrived.  Extremely annoying if one member of your party is running late.My first impression of my anticipated trip to Lolita was bad..
My two friends and I walked right around the corner to the Wine and Spirit store (very close by - good to know), to buy Tequilla for Lolita.  When arriving to the restaurant, there was a table outside that seemed to be finishing up.  The weather was perfect, so my company and I agreed on outdoor dining, and the hostess said a couple of minutes.  We waited (which was very uncomfortable, because there is no where to wait) about 30 minutes, and when the table got up, the hostess was getting ready to seat another family at "our" table.  I let the hostess (and family) know that we were waiting for this table, so:
  Our table was cozy 
  Margaritas were good, but.....$13 for the non-alcoholic margarita pitcher. 
  On the bottom of the menu, it literally tells you a minimum purchase is for each guest.  That's rude and uncalled for.
  Our server (didn't catch her name) was extremely rude, not hospitable, and did not know the menu at all.
  The food was okay.  I am not a fan of grilled lettuce (asparagus salad), but I know people like it, so I am not including this in my rating.
For terrible service, a long wait, overpriced "Mexican" food and a feeling of being rushed, I would have preferred El Vez across the street - at least I can use my Visa.We recently visited Lolita's for the first time. I really liked the food, and service was good. We had queso and carne asada- all four of us. It was very good and cooked to the exact temp I ordered- with four different temps ordered I was pleasantly surprised by that. The margarita pictures were also good, but pricey. We sat outside to enjoy my favorite city on earth, but it was small and packed inside.Gorditas, tostaditas, boneless short-ribs, and tiramisu. Yes, yes, yes, and yes! 
Did you know Lolita's tiramisu was featured on the food network's 'best thing I ever ate'? Well, it was! And with reason. 
crunch crunch those tortilla chips!Gotta bring your own tequila!
Went here on a busy Saturday night in January. Yes the place is small and tight inside, but the food and service make up for being a little close to your co-diners. There was an excellent pork appetizer and a fabulous mahi on the menu. I was shocked how fantastic the mahi mahi tasted.
Worth a trip.I went here for the rarely scheduled Taco Tuesday...  NOTHING TO WRITE HOME ABOUT.  I know I'll forget my experience here so quickly, I had to write this before I left.  
The lowdown:
Ability to get reservations: Very difficult.  I called 4 hours after the email was sent out, and had my pick between a 9:30 slot and a 9:45 slot. PM!!!!!
Quality of food: Fair, which is below Moderate and DEFINITELY below Average.
Overall experience: Although we had one of the best tables in the place (next to the door, at the front of the restaurant, separated from the rest of the restaurant), it sounded like a frat house, and my dining partner couldn't hear me without raising my voice.
Major Point of Discussion:
1.  The "bucket" of salsa consists of 2 squeeze bottles with red and green salsa, respectively, and a bottle of cholula.  Not a bucket.  Not large.
2. The "sides" are small - half an ear of corn, a tablespoon (if that) of guac, a small bowl of beans, and a small bowl of tomato/cheese/melon salad.
3.  I ordered the Mahi, I got THREE PIECES OF FISH.  They resembled frozen fish sticks, popped in a toaster oven for 15.  My dinner companion's steak was chewy and not that great.  SMALL PORTIONS.
So here's my recommendation: SKIP the schmoozing/see and be seen scene, and go to QDOBA/CHIPOTLE.  Order whichever Mexican inspired diWsh of your choosing.  Then go to El Vez.  Order the Mexican Corn (OMG!  Full ear!!!) and a Blood Orange Marg (Frozen).   Total cost has got to be less than $26 ($10 at Qdoba/Chipotle (generous) + $13 Marg + $3 Corn).  Extra $6 spent, happy belly.  
GOD!!!I'm still a little upset that I didn't BYOT, because those pitchers of margarita mix looked absolutely delicious!  Oh well, next time...  
I guess that a wasn't tainted by disappointment from glowing reviews, which I am seeing from some of the other folks listed below.  A coworker told me the carne asada was wonderful, and those two words ALWAYS make my mouth water.  I was not disappointed!  This is in no way a traditional carne asada, but it was seasoned well and the sauce was absolutely delicious.  It was rich and sweet and complimented the meat perfectly. After a while the entire dish became a little too rich to finish.  Overall, I still prefer my carne asada the more traditional way or cute into strips and served in a tasty taco.
Guacamole was also top notch.  The addition of mangos and chipotle sauce was something that I had never seen before, and definitely added to the dip.   
Lolita is by no means traditional mexican food, up it gave me a small fix until I go back home.The food was fine and very reasonably priced, but not special.  Best dish was the appetizer with smoked salmon.  The green salsa tasted just like Indian coriander relish.  Restaurant was fun but too loud for me.I have been here way too many times to count! It's a perfect date place, and the food is amazing. Hands down the best guac I've ever tasted. Next time I go, I'll write a more in-depth review!Great place and we go often but hope they change their mind on the BYOB policy.  Disappointed it won't be BYOB anymore and likely won't go back in September when they re-open.Ok,  Lolita. The ancho chile pot de crème is friggin' amazing. Here's that star back.I am in love with Lolita. My girlfriend and I found out about this place a year and a half ago and have never been the same. For the first time, I found myself daydreaming about food....namely, the queso fundido app and perfect plaintain sauce that envelopes the carne asada entree. I strayed, once, from this dinner lineup and while I was not dissapointed with my other choice...I can't bring myself to say anything but these two things when the waiter asks what i'll be having. (i see that other yelpers have attested to the carne asada...)
I am not a huge tequila girl. However, the margaritas here are wonderful - the only ones I'll drink in the city, in fact. Quite a refreshing experience. I highly recommend a sugar rim over salt...extremely complimentary to the fruit base. 
I'm not saying much more then others have already mentioned. But it is a bit pricey (we spend approx. $100 with tip for the two of us), the service is quick but not ALWAYS the most friendly (not rude by any means, but doesnt leave you wanting to rave about the personalities), parking usually takes a while if you are driving in from outside the city.
Overall though, I consider myself one of Lolitas greatest fans. We are moving to California in September, but I know Lolita is definitely going to be a "must-go" to place whenever we are home.It's BYOT. Besides, we didn't notice it only accepts cash until we sat down and saw the menu saying that. My husband had to walk few blocks to withdraw the cash when the ATM next door was broken down. In addition it's not kids friendly and they don't even have high chairs! The place is tiny so even more difficult for us to park our stroller inside. If you bring kids, maybe sitting outside will be a better choice. The food is however awesome. I'll definitely go back again when I could find someone to look after my kids.I give this place 3 stars. My husband and friends would give it 4. One of the dishes came out a little on the cold side but the flavor was good. The food had a nice kick to it. I did not like the apps at all...but everyone else did. I don't know if I would go back, there are other places I would rather eat, but everyone else said they would love to go back.BYOT heaven.  They have some house-made pitchers, usually 3 choices.  Last night we had traditional and Blood Orange - and both were delicious.  
I've been to Lolita several times and have never had even a bite of food that didn't please me to my core.  Regardless of what your entree is, you must, must, MUST get the 4 hour carnitas.  I think I could go and just eat that.  Over and over.  So. Amazing.  The pork is delicious and flavorful, but it's the pineapple.... chutney that makes the dish.  
I typically get the Braised Shortrib because it's wonderful, but since last night was my second visit this month I decided to get the Carne Asada a la lolita, which they say is their house specialty.  The meat was cooked perfectly and every bite was better than the last.  
Finally - last night we were there with a group of 10.  This is a big group for such a small place - and every one of us left 100% satisfied with our meal.  That being said, our waiter last night seemed like he hated his job and us for making him do it - but since I've never had bad service there before this, I'll assume it was a fluke.  
I will keep coming back here.While this place is pricey, it's worth saving up for every once in a while.
Everything I've had there is prepared to perfection. The duck might be my favorite but everything from their pork chops to their guacamole is delicious. 
Bringing your own tequila is a MUST. The margaritas are an essential aspect to have a good time there. 
If you can afford it, save room for dessert. The tres leches and the  chocolate and pecan bread pudding are an awesome end to a great meal. 
While the restaurant is small, but it's in a great location and there's fun stuff to do afterwards. 
The only downsides are sometimes the atmosphere is so dark you can't quite see what you're eating and that sometimes the quarters can be a little close. Just don't go with a large party and you won't end up rubbing elbows with the patrons next to you. 
Overall, this is a fun restaurant to frequent, whether it's only once or once in a while. I strongly recommend it.I give their margaritas both the watermelon (incredible) and the blood orange mixes a five.
I give their food and their price minimums a 3.  I actually threw out their carnitas I found them so disgusting.  Their guacamole however is quite good.  But other than that, I've never been impressedMy boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place and gave it a go. Unfortunately they don't take reservations on weekends, but it's totally worth the wait. I've never had a better steak in my life.I regularly use tvfoodmaps.com to discover restaurants to try, and Lolita popped up for its tiramisu on the Best Thing I Ever Ate. We enjoyed the grilled romaine salad, the pulled chicken tamal, the mahi mahi and the duck.  We also got the tiramisu and bread pudding.  Ill definitely come back, particularly for the bring your own tequila!The short ribs and the carnitas were amazing. The blood orange margaritas were fantastic with a gold tequila (bring your own, it's a byot)! It's a comfortable price for the meal and margaritas (as long as you don't mind spending over $15 for a pitcher of their fruit juice to add your tequilia to). 
I recommend visiting Lolita with a small crowd, no more than 4. We came in on a Tuesday with a large table and the server seemed to be annoyed (party of 8) throughout dinner. Many of us felt that she wanted us to leave while we were ordering our food. 
I rated Lolita a 3 because I've been there before and had decent service and tasty food. Some places aren't suited for large tables.  
If I could split up my rating it would be 1.5 for service, 4 for food, 2.5 for ambiance.The pluses:
. Say it with me - Bring! Your! Own! Tequila! Honestly, that concept will never get old. Especially when you consider that a pitcher at Lolita is around $10 and across the street at El Vez it's closer to $30.
. Fantastic, healthy food - The carne asada is amazing, and oddly most of the foods are pretty diet friendly, if that's your thing.
. Did I mention the tequila already? Oh, shoot. Did I mention that you can buy the Lolita margarita mixes at Grocery, the store on the corner of 13th and Chestnut, and have these amazing drinks at home? Awesome.
The minuses: 
. No reservations - Makes it a hard dinner to build your night around
. Tiny - good if you like talking to strangers, bad if you like not ramming your elbow into someone else's guacamole
. Loud - all those people + such a small space + brick walls = cacophony
The quality of the food and the deliciousness and cheapness of the drinks easily trump the space and noise issues, but just be aware that if you're going for a date night, you might spend a lot of time screaming at each other. But you might be screaming "This place is amazing!"This place is very good. Usually I do not like Mexican Cuisine but this place was delicious. The ambiance was really nice, it had a small cozy type of feeling. There is also an open kitchen, which makes the restaurant seem more authentic. 
The chips and guac/salsa was delicious and free!  I had the pork chop which had a delicious sauce with it. The meat was very tender. It is BYOB, there is a state liquor store very close. You can buy the margarita mix at the place if you want. 
The only problem is this place is kind of expensive and they only take CASH. I would definitely come back though.By far my favorite restaurant in Philly.  Go here every time people are in town to visit.  If you live close by, they will let you come by and they will take your name - you can leave and go home or hit up a bar nearby and they will call your cell phone when your table is ready.  the wait is always super long on the weekends, but for a reason! BYOT and get the guacamole as an appetizer! Never had a bad meal here and the staff is very attentive. Really gives you the full dining experience..I can't say enough good things about this place!Ay caramba! Gracias Lolita!
Plan appropriately: Lolita does not take reservations (at all) so make sure you either get there early or allow yourself time. My party was lucky enough to be sat right away. The inside is Rather small and cozy with dark ambiance. They have out door seating which would be great on a warm enough day.
Plan appropriately #2: This was my first time at a BYOT. We brought half a bottle of Milagros and one small bottle of Jose Cuervo. Their margarita mix is VERY good but not even the best can cover up the taste of Cuervo. Bring a good tequila to make your meal that much better. A side note, we got 3 pitchers of margs and the drinks came to $33, if you add the tequila we bought its around $6-70 worth of drinks. For 4 people that is not awful but price point is a little high. 
Food: We started simple with the guacamole & salsa. There were two kinds of salsa (green and red) which were two of the best salsas I have had at a restaurant. Both had their own distinct kick. The guac had lots of jicama in it which added nice texture and flavor. The best part though was the 3 kinds of chips. I am not usually a fan of plantain chips but Lolita did them good. There was some other traditional chip (chips of malanga de coco) that went so well with the trio of dippers. 
My entree was the mahi mahi. It was a nice big piece of fish, but I did not care for the chorizo that came on it. Luckily, my other 3 dinner mates all ordered the beef tenderloin (really tasted like filet). It comes in a smoky plantain crema with a fancy twirly plantain chip on top. The waitress even added the staff love to take the leftover crema at the end of the night and put it on rice and devour it. Having a little bit of all 3 of their dishes made me REALLY wish  I ordered one for myself...or to go. 
I love Mexican food and I like the elegance of Lolita. BYOT is a treat and a great way to start the night. Although my dish wasn't great, I would go back to try more of the app's and order myself one, two, or three of that delicious beef!I had been wanting to visit Lolita for so long and now that I've finally been I can't believe I missed out on so much! The beet salad was excellent (obvi anything with goat cheese is a-OK in my book). Dont forget to BYO Tequila and call ahead for rezzies.Lolita is a BYOT!! Bring your own tequila, purchase one of their margarita mixes, sit back and you'll have a great time! 
The restaurant is romantic and the food is delicious. I am from California, so I was expecting more from high-end Mexican cuisine given the price range. But overall, Lolita is a great experience.I've loved Lolita the couple of times I've been there.  The BYOT concept makes high-end Mexican far more affordable.
The margarita mixers are a definite highlight, bring your own bottle (yes, full bottle) and try a couple of pitches - you won't be disappointed!
Ambiance is great, dark with a good vibe.  
Expect to wait an hour +/- for a table on the weekend. They are unapologetically not accepting of large groups on the weekend. Don't bother :)BYOB tequila? 'Nuf said.. They mix it into pitchers of delicious margarita mix (We were fans of the blood orange mint) The food was really good.. I think there was only one server in the whole restaurant though.. she was not very nice when I suggested we order appetizers while we decide on entrees.. she explained to me that it is their policy to ring in orders all at once.. so this was not an option. I'm glad we ordered enough.. because apparently we wouldn't have been able to order more based on this policy? Not sure.. but anyway, worth trying for the food and drink.Can you believe that it took me three years of living in Philly to finally eat Lolita?!
Well I've heard great things, and it lived up to the hype.  Loved our waitress...some tattoos, but what a friendly smile...and she was willing to banter.  Love that.
For appetizers we split the fundido and four-hour pork (I mean if it has been three,  no way I am risking it).  Great combo...highly recommend...basically stuff a tortilla with cheese and pork...ecstasy.
I then enjoyed the Carne Asada.  I was expecting strips of steak of good quality...what I got was almost a filet...so better than I was expecting.  The crema and yucatan went well with it...overall pretty delicious.  
As this is a bring your own tequila place...we enjoyed some El Jimador (this seems like a great fake name and I may start making reservations as "El" Jimador) with their blood orange margarita mix...I think if you are willing to do something different than traditional, this is a great option.
Overall...great atmosphere...very solid food...friendly service.  Cash only...I hear they are soon getting a liquor license...so get in there before they switch over.  Yaylita!Love this ate there a lot and it did go through a down swing for a little while in middle but byot maragita mix was incredible and the food was great the last couple times I went.  El vez across the street has good cocktails but for food go to lolita.Four stars for the food, two for the service, for an average of three stars.
The service:
We came in on a Friday afternoon, around 5:45. We had a total party of six, but only five were present (we were waiting on one more person); we asked to be seated, they refused. Apparently it's company policy to only seat complete parties, even when the restaurant is near empty, and even when the table for five would still have an extra seat for the sixth person. I understand that on busier times, our predicament would have been an issue, but at 5:45, with only two other people sitting in a far corner, they refused to acquiesce to our request. Strike one.
After we were finally seated, we ordered margaritas, and looked at the food menu. Appended at the bottom of the menu: cash only/ $18 of food per person minimum/ 20% gratuity will be added to parties of 5 or more. Great. Clearly, I should've gone to the Great LIbrary of Alexandria to do my research on this place beforehand because it's that policy is hidden away at the bottom of the Entrees page on their website. Our waitress explained that because they're a restaurant, they make most of their money on food. They simply don't want people to sit around, order margaritas and guacamole, and sit all night long. (I'm pretty sure the ingredients for the margaritas cost much less than the ingredients for the food...but to each his own). Strike two.
We ate in delight, and after dinner we wanted to finish what little margaritas we had left, and enjoy the company. The waitress begged to differ. She came by multiple times asking if we were done with this plate and that. We told her we were still picking at the left-overs and finishing our margaritas.That scenario played over a few more times. It was apparent that our $34 tip for the hour-and-a-half we were at the restaurant was not enough for her to let us sit and enjoy our night. We certainly felt rushed at the end of the night (given that it was around 7 at that time, and it was considerably busier than when we came in). Strike three. You're out, Lolita.
The food:
I ordered the guacamole and the beet salad. The guac was great! The beet salad was just okay. It had arugula, beets, plantains, walnuts, and goat cheese. The portion was very small for the price. What made my night, though, was my friend's 4-hour slow cooked carnitas. It was divine. Small, once again, but packed full of flavor. With guac on one side and a pickled-something-or-other on the other, it was a great balance of flavor.
Recap:
Don't come here to have a good time with a big group of friends. The service was terrible for the amount that we paid (and that she got in tips). The food, like many other have said, is delicious, but the service was subpar that I would not come back here again. Word of advice to the management: hire better servers, lay off on the stringent rules (especially when it's clearly not busy), and work on improving your customer service.This would have a 4 star rating except for the service. The food was great, the margaritas were decent, and the service was absolutely horrible. Our waiter was one of the least personable people I have ever met and maybe it was because we had 5 people and he got an automatic 20% tip. We ordered appetizers, entrees, drinks, and dessert, but he still treated us like an inconvenience. He decided our meal was over even when we wanted to order another pitcher of drinks and refused to serve us after that. I have worked in restaurants and managed one and this would have never been acceptable for my business.Food was tasty and right for the price. My party did not have any complaints about the food, atmosphere or the wait staff.  We got there at 5:00 and did not have any issues. I read some of the reviews on here before I went and was a little skeptical after reading some. The place is fine, no issues here. Many small BYOB places in that party of the city are small. This should not be a big shock to people that live or visit the city often. Don't know about the other wait staff but our waiter did a good job, so many they hired new people. Don't know but he was not rude nor did we wait a long time to eat. Food was good, staff was fine, if you know about Philly the size of the place is standard for the area it is in. IF you don't like the minimum order of $18 go some place else that will let you sit there for hours to get one app. and a drink. There are plenty of other places. IF you don't like it then don't go. I hate people that act like they are forced to deal with rules at restaurants.Good creative Latin food and a very cool "bring your own tequila" concept. It's cash only so be forewarned. 
We really enjoyed the beet salad with plantain and arugula starter and the awesome carne asada entree. The tiramisu desert was probably the best part. I would definitely return.Didn't know what to expect nor what cuisine they served but joined my cousins anyway to check it out.  OMG, I was loving it!!  I don't like most Mexican restaurants because they serve to much Americanized cheap "food" and Tex-Mex style "stuff" but these cooks churn out some authentic flavors of Mexico.  Everything was delicious and delightful!!  I have been through many regions of Mexico, including Tabasco, Chiapas, Merida and felt like I was on a culinary journey.   I think BYOB's concepts are great for the budget conscious foodies like me and would rather have great food prices than the convenience of the credit card to fill a banker's already fat pockets......
Mexican cuisine has some of the most complex sauces to produce and when done well can give you a feeling of euphoria (think the movie Like Water For Chocolate and you get the drift....).  I will be back to have the beet and mango salad and the tamales and also try some more items - very, very soon....Lolita has some of the best modern, upscale Mexican food around.  A great BYOB with fantastic dishes that are to die for.  This is not a "typical" mexican restaurant and you might be dissappointed if that is what you're expecting.  It is small, quaint and always packed because of how good it is.  Bring a bottle of wine or some good teqila and they will mix you up a delicious Margherita for a a price.Incredible. 
Lolita places a wonderful plate of food on your wooden table each time you go in. As a hidden gem, across the street from the flashier El Vez, Lolita fills its small and dark restaurant with savory and complex dishes. I highly recommend their lamb and cornbread dish. With a filling portion of perfectly cooked lamb seeping its juices into the mush cornbread underneath it, you will leave happy and full. The steak, served on a bed of plantains is also a beautiful and delicious entrée. 
Eat slowly, the food here must be savored. 
The only reason I didn't award it the full 5 stars is because the service could use a little improvement and because Lolita does not accept credit cards. In this day and age, cash only eateries are inconvenient and surprising.4.5, but I'm rounding off! I think Lolita is one of my new favorite place... Why not 5 stars?? Well, because the dessert just didn't really cut it.
For appetizer we shared the traditional guacamole. It was so good and beautiful looking, I could have just eaten it by itself. It also came with a somewhat spicy totatillo salsa and some green salsa that I had never tried before, but have become a fan of since. It came with plantain chips, malanga chips, tortilla chips... yum!
For dinner I had the cordero, cordero (or borrega, borrega) (lamb). I always seem to order lamb when I go out and I rarely regret it. The meat was soft, tender, and so tasty. I loved how it came served on a corn mushroom stuffing that was both sweet and savory. It also had some pickled pink onions on top that complimented the entire dish perfectly.
The bf had the carne asada, and honestly I have never tried softer meat before. The yuca (cassava) at the bottom was soft and the presentation was beautiful. It was delicious!
For dessert we ordered the mexican tiramisu. Although it was good, it did not blow me away like the rest of the meal did. Some parts were a little dry, and that just did not cut it!
Our server was funny and nice, and the restaurant was beautiful and cozy.Nice, small, but amazing Mexican restaurant with a nice homey ambience. The margarita mixes are awesome. The one we got was the naranja de sangria, which has the margarita mix, mint, and blood orange puree. The guacamole was fabulous. As for the entrees, you can't go wrong with their asada (grilled beef tenderloin) as it's their trademark dish. The skirt steak was also pretty good. For dessert, the bittersweet flourless chocolate cake was amazing. Great meal overall, would definitely go back again.
Oh, and make sure you bring some good quality tequila, as the place is BYOT.I don't come here nearly as often as I would like, but had the opportunity to try Taco Tuesday recently.  For $20 you get a pretty large plate of food including a main dish, plus rice, beans, a potato salad, and a jicama salad.  I went with the mahi, and it was delicious.  My date was thrilled with his short rib.  We also had the guacamole and the blood orange margaritas (not included).  Everything was great, but those potatoes on the side of my fish were particularly awesome, and I wanted to order a whole dish of them.Remembering how awesome Lolita is makes me miss Philadelphia!  I love the guacamole, and I always get the fish entrees, which are always fresh and I think cooked in an innovative way.  Don't forget the BYOT margaritas!  I love the minted watermellon margaritas they have in the summer.  This is such a cute spot for a romantic night out.  But waits can be long, and they only take cash.  But who cares?  I really think it's that good.  I definitely have to go back when I trek out to Philly again.Bangin' ass guac and blood orange margaritas.  BYOT makes getting drunk with your parents an easy and exciting task.As I've said in a couple other reviews, I was only in Philadelphia for a weekend. This place I just walked by and decided to eat there based on it's cool attitude and adult vibe. It was very nice and I was very happy here. Tasteful. Classy. Professional. I would definitely recommend it. It was a byo and we didn't have anything on us so that maybe is the only thing I would warn people is to bring some tequila. They make drinks for you if you bring there own. Smart. Fun. To be fair there is a sign in the window. We just ate anyway. Get the guacamole.You've heard it before... carne asada carne asada carne asada!!!! dont even look at the menu... GET IT! well, unless youre vegetarian ;) i was extremely impressed with this dish and others ive tried like the duck and pork chops really paled in comparison. the enchilada i think had too much cilantro as well it took over the entire taste. the guacomole is fantastic but IMO just get the regular! the mango/chipotle guac is just such strong flavors and if youre drinking a blood orange margarita (as u should be, haha) then all the tastes together, at least for me, well overwhelm the palate!!! 
TIP TO AVOID THE WAIT- dont give your phone number and walk away!! it seems like a great feature HOWEVER if a table opens up and u happen to miss the call, the host will seat the grp thats standing in front of him. i speak from experience as this just happened to us last wk.. we arrived at 9:15pm on a saturday and were expecting a long wait since it was packed but the host said hold on 1 sec i think i got something... and sure enough when the guy he was calling didnt answer his phone he sat us right away!! it was great :) 
ill def be back soon for the carne asada mmm 
buon appetito :)This review is just for the dessert: 
After seeing the tiramisu a la mexicana featured on The Food Network, we just had to try it. It didn't look that good in person or on the show, but the way the guy talked about it made it appetizing. 
We went just for the dessert. It was very good. I was a little hesitant because tiramisu can be too sweet sometimes, but this one was just right. I didn't taste the little kick of chili in it that the show described. I wouldn't have raved about it the way they did on the show, but it was definitely good.Went to Lolita last night, after reading several good and some not-so-good reviews for the place. I like trying new places, so reviews won't discourage me but they are a good way to get a heads-up on a place before you go. I went with an open mind and was not disappointed. I had the carne special and it was fantastic. The beef was perfect medium rare, the mole was just spicy enough and the rice was cooked perfectly...Very impressed! I didn't try anyone else's dishes, but nobody complained. The chips, salsa and guacamole are good, too, but it wouldn't hurt to give more salsa and guacamole. The ambience is nice, the place is a little small but that's a nice change from big restaurants (maybe a little more lighting to see what you're eating). so that's the good stuff...great food! The blood-orange margaritas are fantastic as well.
The reviews I read about service lacking, however, are only half true. Our waitress was attentive, however there was kind of a snotty air about her, which I couldn't understand because no matter how you dress it up, it's still a mexican restaurant. She looked and sounded incredulous when I said we didn't want an appetizer, and just had an overall sense of I'm-better-than-you about her. It was a turn off, and a little disappointing considering everything else was great. In addition, I can understand a restaurant needing to make a profit, so the $18 minimum isn't so crazy because you'd spend that much anyway eating at a decent restaurant, but I've never seen that anywhere before, and I have to admit it's a little ridiculous to be REQUIRED to spend that much. People don't balk because of the amount, I don't think, but just the very existence of a minimum is strange and just doesn't help when you're trying to give a new restaurant a chance. 
So overall, GO! Amazing food and drinks, be ready for a waitress with her nose in the air and a bill that's a bit higher than you'd imagine for mexican food.I got a special dish I really shouldn't have - would have been better to stick with the regular menu. My boyfriend did and loved his carne asada - I had a few bites and thought it was delicious.This is my group of friends go-to restaurant when we are all in town. The BYOB policy is awesome, its definitely a great way to start a night out in Philadelphia. The prices are not bad for how good the food is and how big the portions are. The ambience is charming with exposed brick walls, but from my personal experience things can get a little rowdy. I always leave full, satisfied, and usually a little tipsy.Fantastic food and ambiance! The menu boast a lot of intriguing options, twice I've been so far and both times I've enjoyed the a poetizers and my entree. I definitely recommended  the pollo pechuga entree option and whatever appetizer suits your fancy!our table had the carne asada, the mahi mahi, and the lamb. all were delicious. btw, it's byot, they make margaritas for you.Bring Your Own Tequila.  Yes please!  What a great concept!
I went here on a Friday night around 8:00 with a friend and surprisingly had not wait for a table.  The place is small and got a bit noisy, but didn't feel overly crowded.
We started off with a pitcher of one of the specialty margaritas and were very pleased.  We also ordered the guacamole appetizer.  I love guacamole, and let me tell you, this stuff was legit!  I ordered lamb for my entree which I enjoyed.  The flavor was nice, but the meat was a bit chewy.  I thought the portions and quality were quite generous for the price though.
Service was quite good.  Prompt, but I never felt like we were being rushed.  I think it would be a fun place to come back to with a group of friends.Lolita is a nuevo mexican cantina located on 13th and Sansom right next door to Barbuzzo. This is an important piece of information, for otherwise you could walk up and down 13th and not locate this place. It is a small joint (seats less than 70) and has it's name written in light grey on the bottom panel of the glass wall. Even after you discover it, you would wonder if this is not an extension to Barbuzzo itself, and indeed on the sidewalk it's hard to tell where the outside seating of one restaurant ends and where the other's begins. Seems fortunate, or maybe it is by design, that the owners are the same for the two places. 
Whether there is some deep aesthetic reason behind this occult appearance, or it's merely a gimmick, Lolita succeeds in drawing throngs of customers. It doesn't take reservations by phone or the web, it doesn't accept credit cards although entrees are priced higher than $20, the servers are efficient but brusque; in other words, it does its part in trying to drive away the hordes, but it is oh-so-crowded. Especially on weekend nights. My friend asked how does the phenomenon occur, and frankly I was not 100% satisfied with the answer the Lolita experience provided.
Lolita is a B.Y.O.T(equila) place, and so in the half an hour we were asked to wait before we could get our table, we popped into a liquor store and bought a bottle of 100% agave 'juice'. While checking out, the cashier took one look at us four people buying a single bottle and remarked, "Must be for Lolita!", stressing and lingering on the last syllable long enough to lend it a mischievous lilt. (For me, personally, that was the harbinger of the night ahead - but that's another story.)
We eventually got into the restaurant, hungry and thirsty, and immediately ordered off a pitcher of the traditional lime margarita. Another quirky thing about this place is that all the food must be ordered at the same time. For a moment, I feared all the food will appear at the same time as well. Fortunately that was not the case. We ordered two vegetarian appetizers.  The traditional guacamole was garnished with jicamas and served alongside three kinds of chips, the usual corn, plantain and colcassia (or arvi as we call it in India), and salsa both verde and traditional. The beet and mango salad was served with arugula and a plantain pakoda, dolloped with soft goat cheese. The guac was a little too salty, and the salad had nothing outstanding about it either. The margarita, on the other hand, was pretty fabulous.
   For entree, I went with the carne asada - medium-rare tenderloin served in a mash of creamy plantain on top of fried yuccas along side traditional salsa. The meat was succulent, and the dull taste of the plantain crema went well with it. The semi-crunchy yuccas also interspersed well with the sinewy meat. I tasted a bit from the other's as well: the salmon and the veggie enchilada seemed a bit mediocre compared to the beef, although the fried tofu in the latter was a treat. 
Summary: Lolita is a bit on the expensive side, and frankly I do not see why I would choose this place over El Vez which is right opposite it.  The latter takes reservations, accepts credit cards, is much more expansive and has a better decor. Nonetheless, the food and margarita is decent, and I would recommend Lolita  if you have been to El Vez before - at least twice.New, different, hip, and fresh!
BYOT - bring your own tequila! I mean seriously?! GENUIS!! And then add in their amazing blood orange margarita mix (or any other of their amazing mixes) and you have a solid memorable night that you WILL forget!
Food is gourmet mexican, but with a new-age twist that makes it delish and fantastic! The meat dishes especially were amazing.
Great place to take out of town guests you want to impress!I love Lolita.  It's definitely one of my favorite spots in the city.  Most recently, I went for dinner on a Friday night at 8.  I figured we were in for a long wait, but the two of us were seated right away.  We went with the blood orange margaritas, which were tasty, but I couldn't really taste the orange.  
For appetizers, we shared the guacamole, and the beet and mango salad.  Their guac is great, definitely rivals El Vez, plus it comes with plantain chips.  The salad was light and refreshing, with goat cheese and some nuts combining nicely with the acidity of the beets and mango.  
I'm a huge fan of the carne asada, but I decided to try something different and went with the seafood enchiladas.  The enchiladas were super filling.  I only ate half, but there were only a few shrimp piled on top which was disappointing.  I really like the verde sauce.  My friend got the short rib, and cleaned the plate.  I took a taste and it was perfectly cooked, with some nice spice on the end.  
We passed on dessert because we were stuffed, and wanted an after dinner drink, but they looked great.  If you haven't been here yet, just go.  They do take reservations during the week, cash only.The food here was amazing...which was good, because I would have been disappointed with anything less after waiting for 2+ hours for a table. Definitely plan on showing up to get your name on the list at least an hour before you actually want to eat, because the no reservation policy more or less guarantees you'll be waiting that long. The neighborhood is fun to walk around, though, and Capogiro is convenient to wait at if the weather is bad. I had the salmon entree and blood orange margarita mix and both were fantastic. Honestly maybe the best food I've had in Philadelphia (including Vetri and Fountain).Oh, Lolita. I am totally into you.
This little restaurant feels super special, like you've discovered a place that is exclusive and very cool without being pretentious or a scene. The energy was amazing and the food, well, let's just say that it totally did it for me in ways that other restaurants in Philly just haven't been able to achieve.
My husband and I decided to go here on a Saturday night, and based on the reviews, I expected a scary wait. Luckily, we came early enough (6-ish) and only had to wait about 15 minutes (the host took our cell phone number and gave us a call so we could browse next door at Robin's Books instead of waiting outside in the cold. That was awesome.). We were seated at a sweet little table up front so we got the whole romantic-date night experience, and we were in heaven from start to finish. He got the duck, which was amazing, and I got a cheese enchilada with grilled shrimp that blew my mind. The portions looked a little small when they were served, but I barely finished half of the entree before I was full. Yes, once again, my eyes were bigger than my stomach.
The service was good and we never felt neglected or like he was breathing down our necks. It was loud but it just added to the vibe of the restaurant, and besides, I only had eyes for my dining companion (and, of course, my cheese and shrimp dish). This place gets my vote for best date restaurant in the city. Score!Went here with a friend, sat outside and had a faabulous BYOB time. The food was really good and the service was outstanding. great location too. I've sat inside before and even though its cramped and loud, the atmosphere is lively and bustling. yummy =]Yum! I know RW can be touch-and-go but Lolita stepped up to the plate. 
We had a 7:30 reservation, got there a little early and were seated immediately. The place is TEENY! I can't imagine what the wait is on a standard Friday or Saturday night. It was also loud which I kind of like. I don't like quiet restaurants where you feel like people can hear your conversation. I like the atmosphere of feeling like you're surrounded by people, which of course we were. Everyone around us fully embraced the BYOB. Most of the tables sported their own tequila but many (including us) went with wine. Love BYOBs.
Now on to the food. We started with the gorditas con ropa vieja (chihuahua cheese-corn masa cakes, braised chile shortrib, guacamole, chipotle salsa) for him and tostaditas de salmon ahumado (tequila-lime cured smoked salmon tostaditas, malanga chips, avocado, orange-jicama salad) for me. Both dishes were so delicious. A combination of flavors and textures that you would never think would go together but somehow did. The shortribs on the masa cakes were the standout of the gorditas. My salmon was served cold, rather than room temperature, which I really like. Two big hits.
We also got guacamole for the table which came with salsa verde and regular salsa. Everything was really flavorful. The red salsa had more of a kick then the verde and the guacamole was creamy and cool.
For dinner T got the enchiladas verdes (jack cheese and roasted shiitake enchiladas, salsa verde, grilled chipotle shrimp, rice, refried beans) and I got the grilled green chile-lime marinated mahi (hearts of palm, chayote salad, cumin chorizo sausage, winter citrus salsa). The enchiladas were a hit. Gooey cheese, really smoky grilled shrimp and the black beans had great spice.  My mahi was cooked perfectly and was served with a mountain of citrus jicama salad. I ate more jicama last night then I've had in years. :) I had a little food envy, I liked the enchiladas better than my fish but both were really good. 
Dessert was chocolate-coconut tres leches (three milks cake, mexican spiced chocolate ganache, salty walnuts) for me and pastel de queso 
(pecan cheesecake, goat milk caramel, dark chile ancho crust) for him. The cheesecake was so rich and almost too sweet. Kind of like pralines and cream ice cream (T's favorite) set to cheesecake. He really liked it. The chocolate on my dessert was to die for. Kind of like mousse but a little more solid. So creamy and delicious with a little of the cake and a walnut in each bite. Yum! A great end to a wonderful meal. We left so full and happy. Service was great, the food was timed correctly, you didn't feel like they were rushing you out of the door. 
A really great place. I'd definitely return.Lolita does Mexican fusion well. Really well. We got the tamale and pulled chicken app- a delicious little package of cheeses, sauces, spices, and chilies. It was like Mexican comfort food. I got the shrimp enchiladas for my main. It took all of my self-control to not refuse to let the others at the table have a taste. They had this unique bright flavor from the tomatillos that kept the dish from being too heavy. I honestly don't think that the shrimp were even necessary because everything else came together so well.
The desserts were also delicious, with my favorite being the goat cheese caramel cheesecake. Second favorite was the chocolate and pecan bread pudding although it could've had some more chocolate in it. I got the flourless chocolate cake which was good, but a little drier and crumblier than I was expecting. The tres leches was more like an upside-down cupcake with some sauce. Basically, nothing special. 
Our waitress was great at first but then went MIA. We seriously had no idea where she went during the 45 minutes that our entree plates were in front of us. Another thing to keep in mind is that this place is loud. The brick interior is gorgeous, but it only makes the volume issue worse.Love their bring ur tequila policy! passion fruit margarita rocks! There's a liquor store conveniently located on chestnut between 12th and 13th. 
The guacamole is very good too. This place is officially on my Philly whirlwind trip list.The food was good... However the descriptions were off. Everything we ordered we had to reference back to the menu to check that we had received the right item. Also, you can't place just an appetizer order without your full order which is very strange to me. We did not want to be rushed so we specifically wanted to place just the apps, then entree. Not possible here. We wanted to sit and enjoy our tequila and mix which was delicious, however the server lied and told us they close at 9:30. A shitty way for staff to close early Was so excited for the meal and the night out but were sadly disappointed.Lolita is a fun and casual Mexican restaurant that is BYO, no reservations, and cash only.  We have wanted to try it for a long time and finally stopped in and they had a table available.  Hubby ran to the wine and spirits store and picked up a bottle of tequila. They would not seat us until both of us were there but he was fast so I only waited a few minutes.  
Is it the best mexican restaurant in the city? Absolutely not.  Does it have amazing margarita mix? Yes!  We got the pineapple jalepeno margarita mix, which I have not seen anywhere else. I was a little hesitant about the level of spice, but the waitress said it is sweet at first and then just a kick in the back of your throat. She described it perfectly!  It was definitely a mild spice at the finish and not overpowering at all. This was definitely the highlight of the meal. 
They served hot and tasty tortilla chips with two kinds of salsa: tomato salsa with a medium spice level and a green salsa with a minty flavor. Both were awesome. So we were off to a good start.
Hubby enjoyed his two dishes: pork carnitas (came with four tortillas) and the pulled chicken tamale.  Those two dishes were a lot of food. He said that it was really good and he was definitely stuffed after.  
Being vegetarian, there are a few items that you can order and then you can substitute either grilled portabellas or tofu for a few of the dishes. I opted for two of the vegetarian appetizers. The beet salad with goat cheese was exactly that: beets and goat cheese. There wasn't anything special or wow about it.  Could have gotten this at Panera.  The other dish I ordered was the mushroom gorditas.  Great presentation and terrible execution.  The dish consisted of two breaded round disks (I think there was mushroom inside but I am not sure) that were dry and very salty.  I never think that dishes were salty and I was taken aback by how salty it was. I definitely do not recommend this dish.  
I was so looking forward to trying Lolita and was so excited to finally make it there.  Maybe my expectations were too high. But with so many awesome Mexican restaurants in Philly, Lolita doesn't rank up there for me.The food at Lolita is indeed tasty, but I have to say that I felt a bit underwhelmed with the whole experience. With so many restaurants to choose from in this city, I see no need to pay for a swanky atmosphere and an artistic dinner. When I'm 90 and sucking my dinner through a straw, I'll have fond memories of what I ate, not what it looked like.
The BYOT deal is OK I guess. $10 seems a bit much for a pitcher of margarita mix, but at least I get to pour my own after the server is done adding a single shot to the whole thing.
Cash only.Three cheers for craptastic weather.
We were a party of eight on a Friday night at 7PM and got a table right away.  Snow on the ground and semi-rainy cold conditions = no crowd until about 7:30 or so.  
In any case... the food was awesome, as others have said, but on reflection here's what really gets this place over the four-star hump:  the eight of us had five pitchers of margaritas, two guacs, two quesos, two appetizers/salads, eight entrees, and four desserts for about $50 apiece.  I realize the margaritas are BYO and all that, but still.  We had a freakin amazing meal for a freakin amazing price AND we didn't have to wait.  Incredible.
Boyfriend won the main course prize.. Lamb was beautifully seasoned and cooked to rare-tender perfection.  I don't think I've ever had such tasty meat.  Um.  Right.
But I won the side dish prize.. the short ribs came with this baked spicy layered potato casseroley sort of thing that may or may not have contained bacon.  Or sausage.  And was topped with shredded brussels sprouts, which are basically my favorite vegetable ever.  And before you totally disregard my review on that basis, go try the shortribs at Lolita.  Those delicious  nutty shredded green bits on the plate?  Brussels sprouts.Very lovely food here - I keep getting the duck with currant sauce even though I don't like most meat. It is quite lovely. Great BYOB, good appetizers, food is very flavorful and inventive. 
The portions are not real big, so an appetizer is a good idea. Great service too. Will keep coming back.Went here with my husband for our anniversary.  Brought our own tequila, ordered a delicious margarita pitcher and had a really great night.  The atmosphere, the food, we loved everything about Lolita.  I suggest this restaurant to everyone I know.  It does get a little packed and crazy, but it was worth it, and as long as I have chips/salsa/guac and a margarita (i did), they can take their time on my dinner :)Great service.  Delicious food.  Killer margaritas.
This is a good date place as well as for a group of 4-6 people.  I liked the decor, the atmosphere and the staff.  The food was great.absolutely outstanding!!! i cant remember the last time i was out with 4 people and had 2 appetizers and 4 entrees and paid under $150.00.  The food was GREAT.  The Short Ribs and Carne Asada especially as well as the Carnitas appetizer.  I would totally recommend this place.  It is a cool place.  Would love to go back.I never even heard of this place so please excuse my ignorance. I went here with a friend of mine after seeing a movie so we walked over. It was 7pm on a Saturday and they don't take reservations on the weekend. We were lucky and sat right down since the people behind us were told to wait an hour. 
I had no clue what the cuisine was going to be and I started perusing the menu. It said "Modern Mexican". I thought to myself, what exactly is "Modern" Mexican? Is it thinking outside the bun? Is it open late? Are there layers of crunch after layers of cheese after layers of bacon and seasoned beef?
My questions were soon answered as I read the menu a little further. It also turns out the chef is not Mexican either which means this place must be very modern.
We ordered a fried salad and split it which was very good. The dressing and fried peppers were really warm and tasty. Then came the main courses, my friend ordered the lamb which I was going to order but it was okay because we shared. I ordered the short ribs which were fall apart soft and delicious. The short ribs and potato gratin with kale was fantastic. The bits of over salted bacon almost ruined it for me, because they were like little chewy pieces of salt cubes.
My friend's lamb was expertly cooked to medium except a little bit on the rare side (which I prefer) And the corn bread hash/mash was very moist and complimented it well. 
We decided on ordering dessert too. The tres leches cake which was really good. The cake was nice and warm and the homemade chocolate ice cream tasted like really good cocoa.
I would recommend this place but just be careful on the weekends, it could be a very long waitA great place to go with a small group of friends for delicious Latin fare and well-mixed margaritas. I recommend the salmon with the hearts of palm and grilled corn salad. Remember that Lolita is BYO so be sure to bring your own tequila!
FYI: Lolita is CASH-ONLY.Perhaps the manager and the staff were having a bad day, but this establishment does not live up to its hype.  I do not enjoy my margs being served with a LARGE side of attitude which is all we got there.  Proceed with caution.Lolita was DELISH. 
It was our july destination for our monthly dinner with friends, and it did not disappoint. The chips and salsa were warm, and very tasty. But you MUST order the guacamole. Trust me. Best EVER. 
We brought a bottle of tequila, and shared the traditonal margarita mix, as well as the white peach. Both were very good, but the white peach really stood out. Just a word of advice- bring TWO bottles of booze. 1 for 6 people did NOT cut it, but still a great time. 
I ordered the skirt steak with sweet potatoes- very tender and the flavors popped. I would order this again in a heart beat. 
My boyfriend ordered the carne asada (so did 2 of our friends) and it was very good. They all raved about it. 
The overall atmosphere is very fun, energetic, and cool. Not a lot of space in there, and quite a wait even with reservations, but well worth it!I used to really like this place, but it's gotten too big for its britches. The menu hasn't changed much, and the margarita mixes are way overpriced. The staff has been pretty rude, and I won't be going back.I went there before attending a show at the Wilma Theater on a Thursday night. The place opened at 5pm and my friend and I made reservations for 5:30. We were the first ones there but 15 minutes later it was filled with other patrons.
We ordered the duck and a couple of entrees. The food was exceptional and my friend and I was satisfied with just the appetizers, but the menu stated that it was an $18 food minimum per person. 
The hostess and waiting staff were very friendly and made sure to laugh at my jokes.
The decor was beautiful; I am a big fan of dark wood floors and exposed brick. I would totally recommend it for a date or a place to bring a special friend. 
I did not give it five stars simply because of the $18 minimum, but I would truly go back again for the margaritas and appetizers.Bring your own bottle (or two) of tequila.  Don't you dare come to this restaurant without one.  They have traditional margarita mixes, but also fruity mixes like blood orange+mint and strawberry+basil. They are a must for your meal.
I've come to this restaurant multiple times, and always with big groups so I have tried a little bit of everything on the menu.  My favorite is the beef tips, which isn't always on the regular menu... they offer it as a special and on the pre-fixe menu.  The roasted duck is very good too.  The only thing I didn't like on the menu was the mahi-mahi... there is some unappetizing fishy after-taste, and the apple salad is only roughly 4 matchstick-size slivers of apple nested underneath the fish, and the whole dish didn't blend together very well.
If you order the tres leches or bread budding as the dessert, make sure you have 1/3 of your stomach left, because they are rich and heavy, and make you feel warm and fuzzy inside.  The pecan cheesecake, on the other hand, is amazingly light and the goats milk caramel that accompanies it is creamy and deep in flavor.
Note --- if you go to Lolita with a party of 10 or more, you are required to order from the 3-course pre-fixe menu.  This was a big surprise when my group of 10 arrived for a late evening birthday dinner, where a few group members only wanted to order appetizers or split large entrees.  Lolita was very unbudging about this policy, and made the diners order three-courses to be directly packed into take-out boxes since they weren't hungry.  Be aware of this policy!Five stars for the food, three stars for the mixers.
We actually chose this place because the mixers looked so good, so we grabbed a small bottle of Patron and headed in...  
The mixers were decent, but nothing special.  The food, however, was incredible.  We split the beet salad which was good, but nothing that stood out too much against other creative beet salads.  I ordered a hazelnut crusted duck dish with a cranberry sauce on a bed of plantains (delicious), she had the braised short-rib (equally delicious).  Both dishes were some of the best prepared, and absolutely mouth-watering combinations of flavors I had had in a while.  Despite barely making it halfway through my plate and still feeling like I was going to roll out of the restaurant, we split the bread pudding desert (rather, each had a bite and took it home).  Amazing.
Great atmosphere, a little crowded so you have to be open to eating right next to other groups (which can be amusing, we had some pretty funny people - one very awkward first date, one hilarious couple - I can only imagine what was being said about us...).
Definitely worth a shot, we might have had a bad night for the cocktails.  But if you're going somewhere for the cocktails, try a bar.  Go here for the incredible food.Extremely rude manager with glasses, loves to lord over the restaurant and call customers liars.  Likes to also threaten to refuse service.  Food is good, but no food is worth the treatment of a scornful manager obviously not happy in his role and willing to take it out on the clientele.  Save your money for an organization that appreciates their customers, plenty of really good restaurants in this city.While I find it hard to handle spending $20 on mexican food, after having lived in CA for so long, this place has the right flavors and really good mexican food seems hard to come by in Philly.  I too enjoyed the guacamole.  Try the strawberry/kiwi margarita mix! I enjoyed the enchiladas with shrimp, but could have done without the sprouts on top.
The atmosphere was a little loud,with all the groups imbibing margarita after margarita, but it was fun and worth the wait (no reservations on the weekends).The service policies at this place just make it a drag. Food is fine but not worth having to deal with:
1. A policy of not giving the table tortilla chips until everyone in the party is seated. Why? It's not like they're free--after the first basket they charge you.
2. $18 food minumum per person. Really? Why do you need to have that as a policy? With the prices there, the only person not spending that much anyway is one who orders exactly one appetizer--not exactly a filling dinner. Two appetizers, an app and dessert, or one entree get you over that limit.
3. Adding a 20% gratuity for parties of 5 or more. 
The food was fine, but it didn't blow my mind or anything. El Vez is just as good, with a more extensive menu and more options for non-meat-eaters. And you don't have to put up with the strange service policies. (Now, if it were Barbuzzo with those policies, I would gladly play along, as the food is so worth it there.)The best feature is BYOT and their delicious Margarita's.
However, this place has the worst acoustics and tends to be way too loud, you end up shouting to your friend across the table to be heard (and drinking Tequila doesn't help the volume levels)
The food is great and very creative but not actually authentic Mexican.
Plus the service is lousy, some of us wanted to only drink and eat appetizers, and a couple wanted to actually have dinner.
If they even saw you eat a bite from a friends plate you got charged a $5 plate sharing charge. There was no plate sharing involved other than a try this. the plate did not even move an inch closer to my friend and he got charged $5 for that bite.
I thought that was pretty silly. It took about 10 minutes of arguing but after calling the manager over it was resolved. Restaurants should not have to be so anal if they are charging ridiculous prices to begin with.
On a second visit (what can i say, i love the torture of good food even while being tortured with horrible service)-
Oh and they hurry you too, so even if your appetizer is only half finished, they will try to whisk it away.  I once said "no, please leave it!", and when i took another bite it was snatched away before i was able to swallow my bite and protest.  Actually a friend tried to wave his hand because he too was going for another plantain chip to scoop in the guac. but he was gone. What a jerk.  The rest of the meal was also hurried.  And it was a weeknight and not horribly crowded
I don't know why i keep going back, but the food is pretty consistently good, atleast what i get is super delicious. the red meat with a roasted delicious sauce.  
More consistent is the rude and crappy service. 
They do make fantastic margarita mixers.  Their blood orange, watermelon, and mango along with the classic are so fantastic.  Seriously though, people should be slapped over their head when they bring Jose Cuervo or bottom shelf tequila in.  Seriously people!  100% Agave or Mezcal or get out!  Why ruin your food with a bad tequila hangover?Went to Lolita last night to kick-off my friend's Bachelorette party, and everything about it was perfection! We got there early, so we were able to snag a table outside and enjoy the nice weather.  That being said, I can't speak to any of the ambience inside the actual restaurant.
It's hard to say which was better about this place -- the drinks or the food! We got to try their White Peach and Watermelon margaritas, and both were fresh and flavorful.  As for food, we started with the guacamole and queso to share.  This was some of the best guacamole I've ever had and I definitely have nothing bad to say about melted cheese with chorizo and homemade tortillas.
I had the Lamb as my main course and had to restrain myself from eating every bite off my plate, including the accompanying Cotija Cornbread and the delicious mound of short ribs.  My friends also had the Enchiladas and the Carne Asada and raved about both.
Service was also fantastic.  Our server gave us great recommendations and went out of his way to make sure our experience at Lolita was positive.  I hope I get to go back one day!I went to this restaurant many times last year; loved the BYOB, and the food. 
It appears to have been closed for months. . . Will they re-open?  Any update on this from anyone?So, after a disappointing quasi-eating experience at El Rey (four thumbs down, giant middle finger up), we scrambled to find another Mexican food restaurant.  After a quick look at Yelp, we hit the ATM and ran to Lolita.  What a change.  
First of all, five stars for service.  Their attentiveness was refreshing and amazing, and they treated ALL of their customers with the respect they deserved.  We were seated immediately, with full waters all night.
Also, five stars for the guac.  Wow.  We opted for the traditional, and I usually have to add salt.  No salt necessary here.  It was perfectly seasoned and well-made.  It was also cool that it came with corn, plantain, and coconut chips.
The food was good.  It is definitely more imagined "Mexican" food.  But with that being said, it was high quality and delicious.  My wife opted for the pork, which was perfectly cooked, and I got the short ribs, which were pretty good.  The food was served promptly and presented very well.
Four stars because it is a cash only joint.  The prices are high enough to warrant being able to use a card, especially if you are more than two people.  It is also imagined Mexican food.  It's really not a knock on Lolita, it's just not a place you go if you are craving folksy, old-fashioned Tex-Mex or Mexican food.
Overall, a pleasant evening.  Would go back to try the carne asada that everyone raves about, the guac, and the amazing service.I dined at Lolita last night with 3 friends from out  of town who I would say are very amateur diners.  They were scanning the "modern mexican" menu and acting as if nothing seemed even appetizing but mostly for a lack of understanding the names on the menu.  After many questions for our waiter and him describing what a chard was, selections were made based on what they each thought they would at least eat.  For starters we got the guacamole with mango chipotle which everyone loved.  I had their salmon a la plancha con pure de palmitos.  Don't ask me what that means or what came on my plate other than the salmon.  But it was absolutely delicious.  There was a mexican sauce that mixed well with some of the tart vegetables, My only complaint was that there was not more of it because I was a little bit sad when I finished my last bite.  As for my friends... all three of them, girls, cleaned their plates and raved about the meal for the rest of the evening.  
The atmosphere was nice inside, and what originally attracted me to the restaurant was the idea of bring your own tequila to mix with their margarita mixes.  We got a pitcher of strawberry passionfruit which seemed to be popular as most people had a pitcher of pink beverage on their tables.  
Overall Lolita was a great dining experience, I'd recommend for you to go and bring your friends.   I'll certainly be going back sometime in the future.Had an amazing time at Lolita's this Saturday with 3 of my old college roomies. The carnitas appetizer was incredible, the tenderloin to die for and the pecan cheesecake....omg. Plus how can you wrong with byo tequila?! Nothing like patron silver over freshly squeezed marg mix. Deeeeelish! The restaurant was quaint, energetic and refreshing. Can't wait to return!I'm on vacation in Philly and seems like all I've done is eat!
And by far, one of the best restaurants that I've been to is Lolita's.  Granted, I did not order a complete meal.  I simply had an appetizer and dessert.  But the food and the service was phenomenal.  Great service was provided by Lewis, he was kind enough to give his opinion and try to steer me in the right direction.  I settled on carnitas con naranja y canela.  Yeah, like we all know exactly what that is!  It's orange-ginger glazed pork with a hint of mexican cinnamon and was served with pickled red onions, guacamole and salsa.  I loved it, the favors were amazing and it was deliriously spicy hot.
For dessert, I had tres leches de coco.  And while it was not the best version of this dessert that I have ever had, it was still delicious.
I highly recommend this restaurant.  I went in on a Friday night and the place was packed.  And rightfully so.YAHHH I haven't been out in months it feels. I came here for post test celebration. It's BYOB so we all brought an assortment of liquor.
We did get a mix (the blood orange). I didn't drink much of it because it wasn't sweet enough for my taste bud. But I think my friends finished the pitcher.
While waiting, some of us got the chips and salsa with gauc bowl. Their salsa was a little different but I liked it...gauc was good as well.
It was a Monday night so noise wasn't an issue. The place isn't very large but it's not small either. They have pretty good seating arrangements I thought. 
Our waiter was attentive but nothing special. I'm sure if he could be elsewhere he would. lol
I ordered the shortribs which the waiter suggested instead of the duck. The duck he said was sweet (because of the tamarind sauce). As much as I like sweet drinks, I can't tolerate sweet meals (food)
I enjoyed the meal which came with baby potatoes. I think it would have been better if it came with mashed potatoes tho. 
I did not taste what others got but I don't think I heard any complaints in particular.
Dessert for me was the Tiramusu which everyone agreed was the winner at the table. It wasn't too sweet, just right.
I tasted the Tres leche as well, and it's not your typical Tres leche so if you are going to get that, be forewarned.Amazing food and fantastic service!
This BYOB is the best I've been able to find in the city.
Do yourself a favor, for your next date or romantic evening, grab a bottle of Spanish wine from around the corner and head here ASAP!A friend of mine was coming into town from Boston so I decided to have a girls night out in the city. I am so glad I took the advice of my coworker and went to Lolita! We had stopped for some Tequila on our way and ordered the Blood Orange mix...OH MY GOSH!! It was delicious!! We ordered guacamole for the table of 4 and we promptly inhaled it in record time.
I must admit I looked at the menu before we went so I had an idea of what I might like to order. It was between the duck and the salmon. Salmon is my favorite fish and I only have tried the duck at Buddakan which is great. I decided to go with that and boy was I glad I did! It was sweet and savory, mixed in with some sauteed spinach and plantains. My friends also enjoyed their choices for dinner and we could not finish all the tequila, as only two of the four of us were drinking margaritas so we took it with us and gave it to a couple who were out of towners and didn't know where a liquor store was. You would have thought we were Santa Claus! haha...
It was a delicious dinner and a great place to start our night! I will definitely be back for more!! :):)My girlfriend treated me to dinner here for my birthday, and Lolita did not disappoint.  Lolita is a perfectly small, dark and intimate space that is perfect for a weekend meal and forgetting about everything left behind in the outside world.  It reminds me of many of the quaint BYOBs in Greenwich Village NYC, and I'm thrilled to know now that we have our own, quaint BYO-T (T=tequila) here in Philly.
We ordered the blood orange margarita to accompany our Sauza tequila... refreshing and delicious.  Jill ordered the duck, which was outstanding, but I ordered the carne asada, which was divine beyond words.  I saw that other Yelpers have raved about this dish, and listen to them and me, it's true... the carne asada is so tender, so flavorful, and so juicy... it will surely make its way into your dreams.  I lived and worked in San Diego/Tijuana back in 2005 and tried many authentic Mexican restaurants... this carne asada still topped any that I've had before.
Bravo to the chef on preparing such tasty, well-presented meals for us.  It was a birthday dinner to remember!My fave mexican/latin place in Philly.  Love the menu selection w/ particular good tamales and carne asada.  As a Texan it is tough to find good mexican of any kind in Philly and I love this place.  Service is great and always attentive.This is part two of my four part restaurant week/birthday celebration. Delicious.
Last night, I went out with my man J Rashid for dinner. I ate outside again, which was nice, but it was a bit cooler than the it was at Audrey Claire. Lolita is a fancy Mexican inspired spot right in the Gayborhood. I've been wanting to check out this restaurant; it came high recommended. For some reason, my camera was freaking out, so I didn't get any good pictures of the food.
We ordered a tall pitcher of mint blood orange margarita. Our server mixed and poured the drink for us, and we added a little more tequila after she left. The margirita was great, and it lasted us the whole meal. Lime and Watermelon were also available. With the BYOT (Tequila) option, this is basically a must when dining here.
There were about six options for each course, and three desserts. Jonny had some salmon tostadas, while I had jack cheese filled corn cakes topped with brazed short ribs and guacamole. The meat on my was really fantastic, and overall my dish was well prepared, in presentation and taste. My appetizer was easily the apex of the meal.
Jonny main course was mahi-mahi with cumin chorizo. Again, he loved this. I went with pork short rib with sweet Mexican BBQ glaze and cornbread stuffing. The meat and glaze were good, but really, it was just BBQ pork. I could get this a million places. On top of that, the corn side dish was bland. Overall, the was a good dish, but my standards change depending on the quality I expect (and the price).
Overall, Jonny loved his meal. I'm sure he'll rave about this place. I make a note of that because I want to give contrast to my experience. I thought everything was good; nothing more. My dessert was a really nice tiramisu, and Jonny had some kind of milk biscuit/cookie concoction.
For service, Jonny had a really hard time with our server. She was a bit scattered, maybe overly friendly, but it didn't bother me. I probably wouldn't have even noticed if he hadn't commented. As for atmosphere, we were outside, so we didn't experience it much. Looking inside, it seemed like a normal spot, but a bit too packed and loud for my liking.
Bottom Line: Looking back over my review, I just keep saying things are "nice" and "good." Clearly, I'm not raving. There are so many people who will give Lolita high praise. I'm not one of them. Still, at the same time, it's in the upper echelon of food and Mexican spots in the city.Why does Philly have so many amazing BYOB restaurants? Why are the streets cleaner? Why am I tempted to leave New York a bit more each time I visit?
Lolita is just one more reason to adore the city of Brotherly Love.
We went early, around 5:30 (we had an early brunch, ok?), and so did not have to endure the long waits. We were seated outside, and our wine was promptly corked. We tried to place an immediate order for guacamole, but apparently you can only order everything at once (strange rule).
The guacamole was creamy and perfectly balanced with a slight smokey flavor. Bonus points for including plantain chips amongst the tortillas. The guac kept me entertained while my friends enjoyed their starter of beet salad. I had a few bites, it was good, but not nearly beety enough for beets to have top billing in this salad.
I'm usually not into duck, it's a bit fatty for my taste, but I was seduced by the sour cherry compote and hazelnut crust. I made the right decision. The crunchy sweet and base of fried plantains were balanced with succulent meat, sour cherries, and the fresh crunch of jicama.
We could not resist sharing the Mexican Tiramisu to finish off the meal. I'm not sure what made it Mexican, but it was silky and not too sweet, and generally delicious.
The fun continued at 2am post-dancing, when we polished off the last few bites of tiramisu straight from the carry-out container.The menu sounds so much more interesting and tasty than the food delivered.  My beet salad was so oversalted that I could not eat the greens.  My main dish barely had any flavor given all the sauce that it was covered in.  Tiramisu was not light and again not much flavor.  Server not all that friendly.  
Positives:  Chips/guac, BYOB, carnitas (according to my friend)
Negatives: Lots of tasteless food, non-attentive/somewhat rude server, cash only
Given all the positive reviews, I can only guess that most folks really have not had good Mexican/nuevo Mexican food.I went here last night for my birthday dinner with 4 of my girlfriends and boy am I so happy that I chose Lolita!!
We started out with the blood orange & mint margarita mix (we brought our own Jose tequila). I think I drank half of the pitcher--not too sweet yet very refreshing and flavorful.
For an appetizer we ordered the guacamole. It was really good and definitely freshly made however I don't think a small bowl should yield a $10 price tag nor a $2 for more chips (this bowl was small too).
I ordered the beef tenderloin which was cooked to perfection for me (still a bit bloody). The sauce was amazing and had a nice leftover spicyness to it after I was done.
The others at my table had the duck (I had a taste-the flavor was phenominal), short ribs and pork chop...they all raved about everything! NO ONE had anything left on their plate as we left...a sure sign of delicious food.
I will be back!When my dinner date-friend exclaimed, "take me to pleasuretown...and make it Mexican," I knew just where to go. I grabbed a bottle of tequila and down the street we hopped. 
I half-expected it to be crowded, thanks to the night's lovely weather, but thankfully there were tables abound! We were seated outside and within minutes, we placed our drink and appetizer order: Blood Orange Margarita, traditional guacamole, pork carnitas. With speed, the items dropped like kisses on my forehead. Except they dropped on the table, not on my face, and they were delicious. The guac maintained the perfect salt balance; the carnitas were served in a lovable DIY sloppy fashion; and the pitcher of blood orange margaritas took us to where we needed to go.
We split the short rib entree and found ourselves scarfing down every last bite...but it was just enough to leave us feeling full and bloated, but not the uncomfortable variety of bloated. 
Um, what else. Oh yeah, we got dessert. This was sadly very disappointing. The Tres Leches came out very stale and hard to gently scoop into the spoon and then chewing took a bit of effort too. 
Nevertheless, Lolita scored...and then I did too. 
j/kThoroughly disappointing.
Before moving to Philly I was looking for restaurants to work at. Lolita stood out as a place that I really wanted to eat at. 
The dining room is quite empty which makes the sound bounce around and it was very loud. Thankfully there was no one sitting at the table next to us because it would have been crowded. The weekend must be a nightmare.
I was a little unimpressed by the unexciting choices on the menu but i figured the the food can't be that boring. For the most part it was. 
I started with the carnitas. The meat was very good and so were the tortillas (better than many in Mexico). Soft, four like texture, corn tortillas. The only complaint is that it came on a plate so small that it was impossible to not make a mess.
My entree was painfully boring. Pan seared duck with plantains. That's it. 
My girl started with guacamole. It was good. But then again it's not easy to fuck that up.
Her entree was a super heavy bomb of enchiladas lacking any sort of flavor.
Oh and if you are not going to put salt on the table season the food properly or at least have waiters that are paying attention to get you some.On a freezing and snowy night this past weekend, I tried what was previously spoke of on here by others, amazing. There was no disappointment, on any level and I have found my favorite BYOB right now. The guacamole, we had the traditional. Had good flavor and tasted fresh, has large pieces of tomato in it. It comes with a great basket of chips as well as a chipolte pico de gallo and a tomatillo salsa. We got the salmon entree, chili roasted and over a hearts of palm puree-pretty good! Also tried the much anticipated carne asada, tenderloin over a spicy and creamy sauce which I could of licked clean from the plate-simply delicious. We ended with the chocolate and pecan bread pudding. I felt it was a good concept and had good components but it was executed poorly, having cold spots in the bread pudding itself. Our server was very nice and had a great smile. She was very diligent in making sure we had what we needed, without being intrusive. 
I can't wait to return!Great upscale Mexican byob. You bring your own tequila and they make you margaritas. I recommend the salmon a la plancha. Made with just the right tanginess. Difficult to get a table on the weekend as they don't take reservations. Waits can be up to 1.5-2 hrs. I went on a Thursday night and got seated right away so going here on a weeknight is more feasible.When I first reviewed Lolita, I was a little nervous.  It appeared to be too 'affected' by the area.  (see my review for El Rey as a reference...)  I was straight up wrong.  I took my tutoree to Lolita for a special Día de los Muertos (Day of the Dead) meal and lesson and we had a fabulous experience.  I loved both of the salsas provided.  The byot is a fantastic concept.  We happened to be there on one of the first chills of the season,so Zinfandel was more appropriate, but next time tequila will suffice.  The ingredients were so fresh.  The person answering the phone wasn't quite as fresh.  He didn't know about Dia de los Muertos.  If you're going to work at a place like Lolita, please know that..... lost a star for cultural ignorance.  Gained a star for amazing ingredients and exceptional creativity.We went here for a small group dinner. Food was excellent all around - we ordered several vegetarian, fish, lamb and pork appetizers and entrees and everyone was very happy with their food. Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive. The Margaritas were very good too. 
I'd normally rate a place like this 4-4.5 stars in any other city but given that Philly lacks great Mexican and that this is better than any other Mexican restaurant in the city, I give it 5 stars.
My only complaint is that they take cash only - fine for small groups but if you have a large business dinner, you'd need to bring a lot of bills.I didn't bring tequila or wine, but it didn't matter to me--I loved this place. We had the tamale appetizer to split; it was wonderful. The pork chop was great, and my friend had the enchiladas, which (of course) I had to try. I couldn't decide which I liked better, because I liked both so much! The service was great--friendly and helpful. The decor is charming. I am going back soon because I want to try everything on the menu.The best Mexican restaurant in the City. The carnitas and carne asada are unforgettable. You will be addicted.A few years ago when I first came back to Philly I was invited out to dinner at loita''s to bad I wasn't that hungry so only ordered an appetizer, but a few months later I went alone and had the best steak !!!! I recently went back with my boyfriend who wasn't in the best of moods, I ordered the tamales and he the steak it was delis!!! He found it so-so but just last week he want' to go back and give it a second chance, He agreed that his first experience was due to his mood not the food, but I would bring wine, I don't care for the mixes, but I'm not a drinker so a beer or glass of wine suits me just fine. 
We will be back and next time I want to stop by the chocolate shop!!!It's always hard for me to talk about Mexican restaurants in Philadelphia, because, after living in Mexico City, I grew to expect something very specific from Mexican food -- and it's extremely, extremely rare that a Northeastern "Mexican" restaurant even wants its food to taste like that. 
But I loved Lolita. Though the chef's crafty variations on Mexican originals would still scare off a lot of traditionalists, I loved the way he used true Mexican ingredients -- things like the huitlacoche, which you don't see much of up here -- and still stuck to a New American approach. The restaurant doesn't shy away from the picante side of cooking, either. The concept works, and it's delicious.
The restaurant itself, and the whole concept of a BYOT (which has already been spoken about by a number of reviewers) -- it all really works well in that neighborhood. If you have to wait to be seated, you can run across the street for a classy drink or two. All in all, Lolita is a fabulous date night place.Excellent Mexican food.   I would definitely come back.   
My wife and I shared 3 dishes and I recommend all of them. 
The Queso Fundido Setas was not like the normal nacho looking melted cheese plate that I'm used to.  That's why I normally do not order Queso Fundido.   But the charred corn, pickled onion, and mushrooms sold me.   It came with hot tortillas which I used to make cheese tacos.   This dish would be good for 4-5 people.
Mexican style corn.   It comes with 4 small pieces.  Great size appetizer for 2 people.   
Shrimp enchiladas (2 enchiladas).   The only downfall is that it was actually a cheese enchilada with 4 perfectly cooked shrimp on a skewer on top of the enchiladas.  The enchilada was excellent, but we wouldn't have ordered it with the Queso Fundido.We stopped in for late night happy hour. Very reasonable prices. One beer, one michelada, and two tacos for $15. The tacos were really really tasty! If you're out late check this place out!What an amazing place...
Got here a little bit before our reservation and we were seated almost immediately. The server was super nice and very attentive. 
The food was outstanding. You have to pay 5$ for chips and salsa, but well worth it. 
The wife got the shrimp tacos which being from California and having some killer tacos in the past, there were better than most if not all.
The brisket chilaquiles...holy cow (get it). They were down right the best ones I have ever had and one of the most flavorful and tasted Mexican dishes ever.  If you craving something really good and hearty, go here! 
Small so make a reservation.We started with a mango guacamole. The portion seemed a bit small $11 but was still good. I had the roasted beet salad as well. It was pretty plain except for the pistachio purée. My boyfriend and I shared the cholula fried chicken tacos and the grilled hanger steak tacos. Both were a bit spicy but pretty good. The tacos themselves were flimsy and tasteless. 
For drinks my boyfriend had the cucumber-jalapeño margarita which was delicious and our friends had the passion fruit margarita which was pretty good as well.
Dessert was AMAZING. Whatever they put in that coconut tres leches cake is unbelievable! You could taste the coconut in the cake  and with the melted marshmallow it was the perfect combination. 
The drinks and dessert were my favorites. Maybe next time I'll try something other then tacos and feel differently about the entrees.Hidden gems .. very good food and the dark gothic ambience makes it a fun hangout place .. Only thing that keeps it from getting the perfect 5 star is the fact that it is too small and table almost of top of another. Your date can almost become a double date if there is another couple sitting on the adjoining table . lol . Ofcourse, I went there in winter and I would love to go there again in summer and use the patio to enjoy their great food.This is hands down one of my go-to restaurants. When anyone is in town, I take them here. It's just so good!!  Prices are reasonable, food is tasty, and drinks are always a fun time! 
The food is fresh and delicious. Most times I come, I snag the Braised Short Rib nachos. It's listed as an appetizer but there is a LOT of food on that, and it is SO good. The sauce on top is my favorite, and their short rib is cooked so tenderly.  They also always have rotating tacos, which we like to try-- they have all been very good.  Chips and salsa are also a large portion with a variety of chips and different types of salsa- perfect for 2 to share before a meal! 
We've also come for their happy hours and late nights - both are excellent deals. Their margaritas are super tasty, and so are their sangrias.  Their pitchers are also at least a good 5 drinks, so they're great to grab when coming as a group! All in all, I can't say enough about how this has been and still is one of my favorite spots in Philly!A fantastic value at happy hour. Dishes like taquitos, albondigas, and tostaditas cost only $5 each. They're decently portioned (not bite sized) and reasonably authentic. You can easily make a meal or a nice group outing out of several of the dishes at once. Drinks are also quite inexpensive at happy hour, ranging from $3-6 for various options. 
The regular menu is far spendier, at least on the surface, but the range of options is far more varied, as are the ingredients. Service is engaging and personable, and the vibe is quite lively and social. One of many good options in this neighborhood.Great food. Service fabulous. Atmosphere is upscale city life. Gaucomole is a must. Chopped salad with steak is very flavorful. Desserts looked wonderful but too full to eat. Try the cucumber jalapeno margarita very destinct taste.Get the barbacoa nachos- amazing!!! Drinks were good. Service was good. Food was very good. Recommended.Enjoyed a meal here on a weeknight.  The restaurant has a nice ambiance, dimly lit by candles, though the tables are way too close together. This place was formerly a BYOB, but now has a full service bar.
On the plus side, the food was really tasty,  especially the fried plantains and the fried chicken tacos.  The blood orange margarita was delicious, if not very strong. For dessert, a pear and basil sorbet was delightfully refreshing and not too sweet.
On the minus side, I just hate when you order small plates and they come out in any random order. Our plantains came our first, then the side of red beans and rice came out 5 minutes before the tacos. Overall the service was somewhat "meh," our waitress was fairly disinterested, and its one of those places where different people bring your food out and they don't really know who ordered what.
So, some pluses and minuses, but overall a good tasting meal.Trying to think how to set this story up....6 years ago, my wife (who was pregnant at the time) and I were in Philly for a few nights.  We were staying at Lowes and walked around looking for a place to eat.  We came across a restaurant called Lolita and decided to give it a try.  Both of us ordered the Carne Asada, a la Lolita.  I'm not a huge steak person, but my wife is.  She said it was the best steak she's ever had in a restaurant.  We've been back to Philly numerous times since that first visit, but for whatever the reason, we haven't been back to Lolita.  They were undergoing renovations, we went to other restaurants, etc.  It just never worked out.  A few weeks back, we were in Philly for the night again...this time with our 5 yo daughter in tow.  We said we're going to make it a point to get back to Lolita to order those steaks again.  I really enjoyed mine, and my wife still maintains that it's the best steak she's ever had in a restaurant.  I love that they've maintained this level of consistency with their food after all these years.  In addition to the steaks, we also ordered the yucatan chicken chilaquiles, which are amazing.  The drinks are on point as well...Lolita is has some of the best Mexican food I've eaten in a restaurant.  Easy 5-stars.  Looking forward to going back again.This was our first time at Lolita and it was a nice experience. The 13th street area is hip and vibrant. Like Barbuzzo, Lolita is small and narrow and casual chic
Our party of  three of us shared 4 dishes. 
* Duck Fat Tamale
* Hanger Tips Taco
* Crispy Fish Tacos
* Enchiladas Verde with Chipotle  Shrimp
The 4 dishes did a nice job for us, but we were not overly hungry. The duck fat tamale was good, everything tasted fresh and the duck fat gave the tamale a unique flavor. The Enchiladas Verde was pretty good too, but not our favorite. The two taco dishes were outstanding, especially the crispy fish Mahi Mahi. Both had great flavors and a  just the right amount of heat.
For dessert we had the Coconut Tres Leches. This was surprisingly very good. I thought I was going to miss the typical Tres Leches but this was a great variation. The cake was moist and it was not overly sweet.
We did not have drinks, we had water and coffee with dessert. Our check was about $65.00 for the 4 dishes, 1 dessert and 2 coffees. Not too pricey for the quality of food.
All in all, a very good meal and a nice choice when in 13th street area.We had lunch here last Saturday. Food was fantastic and service was great!  We will be back!Delicious crispy fish tacos, street corn, guacamole. Chilaquiles had some delicious meat. Whole menu is gluten free. Margaritas were tasty, though a little weak for my taste buds. Great outdoor seating in a fun area. Will definitely go back!Very nice atmosphere and excellent margaritas! The steak tacos were very well prepared but not special.Mmmmm....Tamarind Sour...so good!. I've only ever eaten here at night, often in groups, and it's so dark in there, so I'm never really sure exactly what I'm eating. People just passing delicious food to me. It's all good! For sure, I know that the brisket thing that comes with a fried egg on top is great. And the octopus thing, too.... 
But it's not my place to tell you what to eat, you know what you like, All I know is that it's fun, casual, a tight squeeze when it's full, and noisy - in a good way. I am going to have lunch there someday so I know what's what.Modern mexican is a good description. We all had very flavorful and unique tacos. I had the special with pineapple and spit pork. Yum! What I really liked was the service; we were sat immediately outside (it was on the colder side) and the server really gave good advice on cocktails (I had the seasonal horchata martini and she told me what to expect and it was spot on). I added a star for that. This is a great date restaurant, even though we were there for work, I would go back if I lived here.Get the fish tacos!! Best ever!!! Other highlights include the guac with bacon, peas and cotija cheese as well as the Pina Collins cocktail. This place is a gem, do yourself a favor and get over here asap.The waitress we had was not friendly at all. She seemed terribly annoyed to serve our party of four. She did not introduce herself and was very short with us during our meal. The strawberry margarita was great. We ordered the bacon and pea guacamole and the mango guacamole. Both were good but not as good as other establishments . I ordered the shrimp enchiladas and the dish only came with 3 shrimp. It was a disappointment. Someone else at the table had the shrimp build your own tacos and it has plenty of shrimp. The others had chicken tacos which were good. The deserts were a flop. The food was a 3 and the service a 0.This is definitely my least favorite of the 13th street restaurant group's restaurant.  The menu looks amazing!  The ingredients and cuisine should be great...but ultimately we ended up with a lot of fried chips and toppings.  Now I will admit, this is partially our fault in terms of what we ordered but I still wasn't very impressed.  The guacamole is just OK, it should be amazing right?  We also ordered margarita pitchers and they were again, ok to below average.  I didn't taste even a dash of tequila.  The place was loud and our waiter was kind of rude.  Perhaps I am whining but it just didn't do it for me.  Especially when there are other unbelievably amazing restaurants just steps away!!I had a wonderful experience at Lolita. The food was great I really enjoy the variety of chips they give with their guacamole. I was also very fond of the plates. Each dish came out on a unique plate. It was an authentic and unique experience. I did not like how close we sat to the people seating next to us although, there is little space available for outside seating so I understand why it has to be that way.Best "farm-to-table" Mexican food in Philadelphia.  Heck, I dare say on the Eastern Seaboard (NY City doesn't have this style of Mexican restaurant).  Always hopping, get there on a random week day if you have to - because the food AND the drinks are worth writing home about.I came to Lolita for a date and I was a little nervous because of the close tables. Luckily we were placed secluded from most of the restaurant. 
We were given chips and salsa. We ordered guac to start. The salsas are really authentic and light. The guacamole is awesome. Chunky and fresh. I ordered the pork carnitas tacos, which I assumed would be amazing. And I was right. The carnitas were moist and flavorful. The corn tortillas were perfect. 
Personally I thought the prices were extremely reasonable for such great food and service. 
Skip El Vez and walk across the street.Simply outstanding. Everything everyone ate was splendid. Octopus appetizer and carne asada better than any other I can remember.Went here for lunch because we were in the mood for Mexican food. Host seated us promptly. The place is cozy with the tables fairly close to each other. We started out with the chips and salsa which were a great start. I had the carnitas tacos and thought they were great. My friend had the enchilada verde with shrimp and rated it 3.5 stars. The coffee was better than most restaurants. Service was a bit on the slow side. I would have tried the tres Leches cake but we were not offered to see dessert menus. They were good enough to warrant another try in the future.Went in expecting a tasty lunch and indeed found one with pork cheeks, pineapple and a lil' heat - Stompin on the Trompo! Will go back for a Happy Hour to see what it's all about.Came here on valentines day morning for lunch with two girl friends. Didn't know what to expect but walked out super satisfied! First off, the portions were definitely filling. We each ordered a dish to share and got mango guac for the table (AMAZING) and ended up boxing up one whole entree. You really can't go wrong here with the food. Overall a great experience. The tacos were delicious, the wood interior and table settings super chic, and the waitstaff friendly and helpful. Definitely coming back!Jonathan and I had our first date at Lolita.
I took a PATCO train and was ten minutes late. Maybe later. He sat waiting for me, facing the door as I ran in. He had gummy hearts. It was Valentine's Day. It was dark, small, and still a BYOT. We drank water. 
Now it's fancy and has a liquor license. It's still dark and small. The bar begins about where we sat in the middle rear of the restaurant the first time. I had a tasty blood orange margarita. 
Whatever.
Jonathan and I spend a lot of time at Distrito, in Philly and in Jersey. Everything we had at Lolita was good - if a little pretentious - but nothing was better than at our favorite fancy taqueria. I had the flank steak and Jon had carne asada. The Mexican street corn was delectable and the guacamole was seasoned nicely, but I could do without jicama (the weird additive trend o' the moment) garnish. 
It was a nice spot for dinner, even if I was feeling like a little more magic on a warm, breezy Saturday night in Philadelphia. Take a first date. Lolita is perfect for a first date.Lolita was trendy and on-point with its Mexican food. I would position the food halfway between authentic Mexican and fusion Mexican, depending on what you order. While my experience here was enjoyable, I give it 4 stars instead of 5 because the food was not amazing enough to write home about. When I typically eat Mexican food, I really look for the "Wow! That was super spicy and filling and finger-licking good and I've totally overeaten" factor. I didn't find that here but the good-enough food + stylish environment (although interior lighting is quite dim) was especially great for my girls lunch. 
*Chicken Arabes* taco - Chicken was grilled nicely but not spicy enough. Love that the taco came with cucumbers and jalapeno rather than your typical cilantro and onions mixture. Three small-sized tacos that were surprisingly filling!
One of my friends ordered the fish tacos and the other ordered a mushroom enchilada. Both were pleased with their food. 
*Tres Leches Cake* - Definitely share this with people! It's super rich and enjoyable with two different kinds of ice creams (?) on top of the bread and soaked in a liquid-y caramel sauce. It was just SO sweet, that after 3-4 bites, I couldn't eat it anymore.
I'd like to come back here and try some of the non-traditional, fusion Mexican items. Perhaps they will leave me more Wow'd!Normally Lolita is great, one of my favorites, and this was our 4th or 5th time here.  But tonight, it was just ok.  My food came out a good 5 minutes before my husband's, so it was cold by the time his came.  I hate to rate it this low, but the food was just ok this time too.  Not sure we'll be back...I loved Lolita at its last location, and happy to report that its new spot also delivers a delicious meal. My friend and I ordered the traditional guac with the grilled hanger steak tacos. 
The guacamole really hit the spot! We loved that plantain chips came along with the usual tortilla chips (there were many more chips than we needed for just the 2 of us, keep that in mind when ordering). The tacos were very tasty as well - the steak was grilled to perfection and succulent. The avocado and salsas complement the meat perfectly. I'm getting hungry again just writing this! 
In terms of decor, the lighting was weirdly dark for the middle of the day, it seemed as if there were no overhead lights. But that's just a small thing, overall we had a very positive experience at Lolita! 
P.S. Please bring back the guanabana margaritas that you had at the previous location!The food was good but when we sat down at the empty bar around 7:45 pm to eat our meals, the bartender gave us our check. I've served before and know this is not the move to take. We changed our mind on ordering more drinks/food after feeling as though they wanted to rush us out.We came here for dinner during our visit to Philly on a beautiful summer Sunday. The atmosphere is casual. The space is modern. We were given a table immediately. The waitress was friendly. The menu includes appetizers, tacos, sides, salads and mains. They have a drinks menu. As an appetizer we had the guac and chips. This was ok. We ordered the vegan tacos and the beef tacos. The vegan tacos were ok. A bit too spicy for my taste. My friend said the beef tacos were good. We also had a pitcher of the watermelon margarita. Not much alcohol which was nice. The food is ok, but pricey. The service is average.Stumbled into Lolita about a month ago for my 21st birthday. Pro tip (if you're just looking for a quick/filling bite): try their luscious blood orange margaritas and couple those drinks with some appetizers like 'tradicional' guacamole, smoked carrot tacos, and smoked chile grilled octopus. The appetizers I've listed meld together a variety of punchy Mexican flavors; these flavors work well individually, but are noticeably elevated when sipping on a sweet and citrusy, blood orange margarita.It was so busy b/c of restaurant week. It is understandable that service was lacking. However it takes little time to acknowledge the situation and customers to make them feel valued. Dinner took two hours. I would go again not during r/w. The food was really good.Drinks and food are delicious but customer service in terms of prioritizing is horrible. I showed up asking for a table for two (which takes up the same room as a table for one, obviously) and was told I have to wait for the other person to arrive even though there was only one outdoor table left (actually, one 2 seater, one 4 seater). 
When said person arrived, I was told there is no room outside even though there was a table for 4 free.  They could have separated the tables to make two tables for 2!  But no. Not happy.We really liked the food, and eventually the service. Were a little surprised to learn that we needed reservations on Friday early evening, and looking back, perhaps that was a good sign. Anyways, the hostess wasn't so warm when she suggested we sit in the bar in the back, and service was slow to receive our menus. After that, it was on. We ordered great cocktails, GREAT food, all the more appetizing cause we sat by the kitchen where we saw the chefs hooking it up. They were nothing short of artists. I hope to go back.Great Spot for lunch. relaxed atmosphere and great staff. Their bacon guacamole is out of this world its always a mandatory first ordered. I have had all the taco selections over my visits, there fish tacos are so damn tasty, always consider a 2nd order. Also have had their salads for lunch which are tasty and very large portion.SERVICE WAS SO FAST. Raw Tuna Tostaditas, Pork Carnitas Ahogada, French Margarita and mixed chips and salsa were $53 after tip and tax. Super friendly waiter, fresh food, perfect portion size for lunch. Overall, great experience -- would recommend for groups of 2-4. I would give it a 4.5 if I could, just wished portions were a little bigger, and I also think they forgot my jalapeño onion fries...Went here tonight for dinner. So many wonderful things to love about this place! It is situated in a really cool, young part of the city with little boutiques and restaurants everywhere! Dinner started out with the mango guacamole, which was a little strange but delicious, especially with the neat variety of chips (including plantain chips!). Also had a refreshing blood orange margarita and the verde enchiladas. Finished off with the flourless chocolate cake. Everything was so great and fresh! Atmosphere of the restaurant was really cool and trendy and we loved moving indoors to sit by the kitchen and watch them cook! All of the food is plated absolutely beautifully too.The ambiance at Lolita is wonderful, the food is AMAZING, and the drinks are delicious!Excellent!!! Great spot for lunch! We were able to be in and out under an hour which is great for a business lunch and the food was so good. You didn't feel like you have to compromise food for time. Very good Valeria's salad. The grilled chipotle shrimp was excellent. Definitely want to come back to try more menu items.Overall positive experience. dark interior and close tables. Plates were small, but filling. Great service. Split the chilaques app, Korean pork belly tostadas, and fish tacos. Fish tacos were very spicy.Just had a fabulous meal here. Super delicious upscale Mexican. I had the pork shoulder platter. Korean beef tacos were awesome too! Highly recommend this place.I just tried a few drinks during happy hour which were okay but they tasted really dilute.  The space at the bar was really small and they don't take reservations during happy hour.  A few people from our group ordered food from the happy hour menu which was extremely tiny.  I didn't like smelling like food for hours after leaving.  I probably won't come back in the future.Meh,  I expected alot more from this place the gauc was good everything else was so so. The menu is very limited I also didnt like the fact they said we couldnt sit where we were but a few seconds later someone sits there and it's ok. $15 bucks for nachos arent that good nope wont fo back hereI absolutely loved this place. We ordered shrimp enchiladas & tuna tostadas. Nice & cozy place with good food. Probably the best Mexican I have had since I am from CA.Extremely slow service. It took us more than an hour to get our food. And the server basically put zero effort into service possibly because he knew there was already 20% gratuity built in for a party of 5 or larger. Food was mediocre at best. I ordered fried chicken tacos and the chicken was extremely dry.Fantastic service, great ambiance and terrific food. Great place for Gluten Free diners!I love Lolita's. Great margaritas, street corn, guacamole, chicken and fish tacos. This was my first lunch experience and it was consistent with how great dinner is.My husband and I were visiting Philadelphia for the 4th of July and ended up at Lolita. We sat at the bar, the bartenders were great and we had the Ultimate Margaritas which were very good! We had the pork carnitas tacos with black beans and rice. All were very flavorful and not heavy. We also had the chips and salsa which comes with two salsas and both were good! The place has a nice vibe to it! Overall an excellent experience!Lunch with coworkers here was good, unfortunately we didn't try any alcoholic beverages but the blood orange soda was good We started off with the chips and guacamole- and like the reviews I read we were left wanting more plantain chips instead of tortilla chips but we would order it again. The queso  truffle was my favorite - but we all enjoyed our food. A few of us ordered the fish tacos, the salads were huge, and so were the burritos. Overall, everything was good, will certainly stop by again maybe for happy hour.Once again, Lolita did not disappoint! This time, I went for lunch, which has a slightly different menu than the dinner one. It was pretty empty when we went so we were seated right away!
This time, I ordered the vegetarian burrito since they don't have the cauliflower tacos (our server was nice enough to ask the kitchen if they could make it for lunch even though it's not on the menu; they were delicious the last time I came). Overall, the burrito was good! It comes with this awesome hot sauce on the side which was amazing. 
We also ordered the guacamole tradicional which was on point as always. Lolita's is still by far the best guac I've had in Philly.
If you still haven't gone to Lolita, what are you waiting for??Lolita is probably my favorite restaurant in center city.  Its located right in the gayborhood, along a bunch of other restaurants so the area is always upbeat.
The servers are always nice when I come here, and thought I havent been there since they have renovated, i would imagine the place is just as great. However, the loss of the BYOB part is disappointing, but hopefully now that they have a liqour license, their drinks start to be the reason I keep coming back.  
1.) their mango guac is the best! seriously the best guac I have ever had! and everyone I bring there, would agree.
2) Their Beef entree is amazing!! its cooked so well and complimented with yucca and this cream sauce.  I always suggest this meal, and I never had a disappointed guest.
3.) The Blood Orange Margaritas are simply heaven.  Mixed well, and always a favorite.
Other recommendations: Corn as a Side was super yum, and different from anything I've ever tasted, however skip the plantains (super soggy).
ENJOY!So I stumbled into this place by accident, and I must say I was very impressed with the decor and the food. The place has very nice exposed brick walls and dim intimate lighting which create a very nice conversational atmosphere.  
I ordered the Mexican Street Style Corn for starters and the Al Pastor Pork Tacos both which were well seasoned and quite tasty.  The corn was definitely the better of the two dishes not for any fault of the Tacos but the corn was lathered in a spicy but slightly sweet chipotle sauce which I absolutely could not get enough of.  I was almost tempted to order another round of corn to take home and had I not been absolutely stuff I most likely would have.
For dessert I had the Coconut Tres Leches cake which was also amazing. It was something sweet to end the meal and I'd definitely recommend it. 
All in all my experience with regard to the food was great.  I would say our server left more to be desired on his part as he was quite inattentive and seemed to be disinterested almost as if he would have rather been somewhere else on a Saturday night. I would definitely go back though as the food was well worth it and it was a great price.Great for lunch or dinner! Be sure to start with the guac! It's served with plantain and regular chips. Last night they had a spicy tuna guac on special that was fantastic!
I usually order a salad for my entree. I've had both the beet salad and the chopped. The beet salad is tiny but delicious (and plenty of food if you're like me and just can't stop hittin' the guac and chips).
They have outdoor seating which is fun for people watching on 13th or I recommend getting one of the window seats if you have a party of 2.I love the Philly food scene, but thought it lacked good Mexican food until I tried Lolita. I came here on a date and the ambiance was perfect for such occasion. I got the al pastor tacos which were flavorful and the meat was moist. I would have preferred it to have a little more of a kick to combat the sweetness, but it was very good. The chips and quac were also delicious.Small  hole in the wall with great food. The fish tacos were awesome everything went together great and especially with their hot sauce. Their bowl of guacamole is also something to try for that it comes with a bowl of different chips to choose from & great guacamoleNice quaint modern Mexican restaurant located in a prime spot of the city   
Service 10/10
Ambiance 10/10
Quality of food 7/10We went here as a group of 15 and they were so accommodating. At the time it was BYOB and we ordered margaritas and added our own liquor. The food was amazing. The restaurant is small so definitely make s reservation first.Really good. Loved Barbuzzo, and they have the same owners, so we thought we would give it a try! 
The passionfruit margarita was the best margarita I think I have ever had, but I'm a sucker for anything passionfruit. :)
Enjoyed the restaurant week menu, but to be honest...the chef's choice starter was the best part! So delicious! Also had the guacamole with brussels sprouts, bacon and cotija - loved the plantain and taro chips in with the tortilla chips, and absolutely the best guar I've had outside California! The Mexican Tiramisu was just ok, and while the tres leches cake wasn't as moist as I would have expected, the flavor was incredible!I'll admit I wasn't headed here for dinner but it must have been fate. A coworker and I were on our way to another restaurant nearby but stopped and looked into one of the storefronts next door. After seeing some of the plates that came out and looking on the menu and seeing watermelon margarita we decided to make this our dinner destination. We spoke to the hostess and they were all booked inside but had one 2 top available in their "bistro" seating. See fate. 
We split a pitcher of the AMAZING watermelon margarita. I had the chalupas and the street corn. My coworker had the Snapper and rice and beans. Everything was well seasoned and so flavorful. My coworkers snapper was so buttery. I will certainly be back. 
I would give this 5 full stars but I dinged it one because their outside seating area is on the sidewalk outside the restaurant. The sidewalk isn't really large and our seat was right beside the  kiosk where you buy a ticket to park on the street and at least 2 vehicles came and parked next to our table and bumped it a few times getting in and out their car.Love it! Great atmosphere, food, and service for the price point. The space is small so a reservation might be necessary given the day of week and time of day.The food ranged from very good to excellent. The short rib nachos as an app. was outstanding, they say you eat with your eyes first and it looked as good as it tasted. We also tried the queso fundido which was also very good. We all ordered tacos that night and although we all agreed the various fillings were awesome the soft shells seemed store bought and weren't on par with the food. I can't speak on their other drinks buy I can tell you their sangria was tasty, we tried the red. We capped off the night with their coconut tres leches cake and the mango lime tart. I'm not a sweets or desert person but we all agreed these two deserts may have been the best we have ever had out. The place is small and tight but the food is well worth coming for.When I first moved to Philadelphia, I remembered someone telling me about Lolita. They began with BYOT and I thought, yup, i'm there! Naturally, after they decided to renovate, put in a bar and change their menu...I was a bit disappointed. Once it reopened, I waited and waited until this past weekend and boy was I not disappointed! 
We started with the guac which was delicious. I love that you get fresh tortillas chips and plantain chips. 
Below is a list of everything else we shared:
Grilled Octopus tostadas- one of the winners! 
Duck fat tamal
braised shortrib chilaquiles- think nachos but a more toppings to chip ratio and wow, this was delicious!
pork carnitas tacos- the pork was just perfectly cooked. 
plantain crusted mahi tacos- a winner for me. Every just came together perfectly with all of the toppings!
Blood orange and original margaritas- both were really tasty! 
All and all, I was really impressed. The whole table really enjoyed everything we ate and honestly, I can't wait to go back! The only thing holding me back from a 5 star review is that our waiter had a bit of a bug up his butt BUT, it won't keep me from going back!Fabulous New Year's Day dinner! Nachos were amazing, they took awhile to come out, but were removed from our bill. Cucumber jalepeno margarita was also great. Will be back!Best meal that my family had while visiting Philly. There were 6 of us with varying tastes. All of us (my wife and 4 adult children ) all agreed this was our favorite meal.Hanger steak tacos and the Pear margaritas were great but the service at the bar from Erin was what made the so awesome!!Sidewalk table seating. Attentive service, good cocktails try the watermellon margarita or charred pineapple margarita. Enjoyed the guacamole, mixed chips & salas, nachos with braised brisket and fried chicken tacos. Recommend making reservations.Really enjoyed the food at Lolita. Came here with another vegetarian friend and we split two veggie dishes - the queso and a quesadilla. Both were delicious. Only complaint is the service was a bit slow - had to wait several minutes to ask for my check and to get my card back as well. But, it was a busy night and the food made it worth it!A nice overall experience but nothing out of this world. Guacamole, tuna tiradito and shrimp and fish tacos were good but nothing memorable. Plantains were yummy but could have been better. My favorite was actually the chopped salad. Service was fine. The location is great and the restaurant itself has a nice feel to it. I think it's a little bit expensive for what it is (especially, as others have commented, when it comes to the guac!) and with a slight improvement in the kitchen this place would be much more interesting.Other than the very loud atmosphere, and the somewhat snippy "you have no reservation, correct?" comment, this place is grew because of the amazing food. The Valeria's salad is quite possibly one of the best salads I've ever had.  Just wish they'd muted on the board that the ceviche is only available at dinner- I had my heart set on it. The watermelon margarita was deliciously tart.I had high expectations after going to Jamonera and hearing that many compare these two restaurants, and was pleasantly surprised with my expectations blown away. A friend and I came here for lunch on a Monday, and although we had made a reservation, we didn't need to do so since the restaurant was not crowded at all. I loved the wood decor as I walked in, with the bar giving off a very boozy vibe. 
We were treated promptly and courteously by our waiter, who made sure our waters were always filled (you would think that's a given, but I find that many waiters neglect you once they give you a bottle for the table). The waiter was also patient enough to explain items on the menu. Most items, except the burritos, are gluten-free, so I will certainly bring my boyfriend here next time! My friend and I shared the chips and guac to start, which came with a variety of plantains, corn chips, and tortilla chips with two different salsas and the most delectable guacamole I have ever tasted. The portions ate huge, so we had trouble finishing the whole thing.
My friend then ordered a vegetarian burrito (beware, the delicious vegetarian tacos are not offered for lunch) which was huge, expertly wrapped, and came with a side of salad. I ordered the fish tacos, and although they were pricey ($13 for 3), the sauces and combination of flavors melted in my mouth. Additionally, the fish was cooked perfectly and the taco wrap soft but did not fall apart.
I left feeling stuffed and only spent around $20 for a perfect, intimate friend lunch date. Would definitely come back for late night happy hours to try $2 tacos and their famous margaritas!!!I expected better based on other reviews. Came here on a Saturday night around 7pm with my boyfriend - didn't have a reservation but was able to get a seat at the bar without a problem. I'd recommend making a reservation because it's a pretty small spot and all the tables were filled. 
FOOD:
We ordered the guacamole and street corn to start. Guacamole was average - nothing wrong with it but I've had better in Philly. Street corn was the highlight of the meal - incredibly tasty. We split the pork carnitas taquizas (basically deconstructed tacos that you make yourself) and brussels sprouts. Taquizas were just ok - could have used more flavor and it seemed kind of a strange combo that the carnitas were served over a bed of brussels sprouts (wouldn't have also ordered a side of brussels if I had realized this). 
DRINKS:
This is where Lolita really fell short. I ordered the jalapeno cucumber margarita (which is my go-to whenever I see it on a menu) and it was very watery and not remotely spicy. Boyfriend ordered the house margarita which was one of the worst margaritas either of us have ever tasted. Not sure if it was just an off day for the bartender, but as a Mexican restaurant you've got to have your house margarita down. 
AMBIANCE
Really cute decor, intimate vibe, would be good for date night or girls night. 
SERVICE
Sat at the bar, but the food came out incredibly fast and the bartender was great about refilling our drinks.I heard it was byot, but it wasn't when I visited. Food is decent, drinks were great. But I really wanna byot.Wow. We walked in and grabbed a seat on a whim tonight. Could not have been more pleasantly surprised. Had the mixed chips and salsa to start. The verde was amazing. Wife had the chilaquethes (sp?), and I had the special tacos (pork al pastor). Both were excellent. We left stuffed and so glad we walked in.Chips and salsa are a must! Korean tostadas were perfection but the nachos and corn were average. Great atmosphere and will definitely be back :)The food was really good and the staff was courteous. The only drawback for which I took off one star was because we had ordered the yucatan chicken nachos and they served us nachos without chicken.I have been going to Lolita's for many years now. I go their for casual weekend dates or to celebrate other significant events in my life. The ambience and atmosphere is very nice. I used to love Lolita's when it was a BYOB. The quality of the food is the same since it reopened but the recipes that I fell in love with 7 years ago when I first moved to Philadelphia have changed. My favorite is the Enchiladas verde. Before they were served with tofu but with the reopening, they are now served with mushrooms. I love mushrooms so I don't mind it but I do miss the way they prepped the tofu. It was amazing. The BYOB Lolita used to have fresh fruit margarita pitcher mixers and you bring your own Tequilla. That has changed now but luckily they still offer some fresh fruit margarita pitchers that aren't loaded with sugar and you can actually taste the fruit. Lolita's will always be one of my favorite philly restaurants.The place was pretty cool looking and clean.
The staff was friendly.
I ordered spinnin on the trompo chicken tacos to go.
The order was ready fast.
The tacos were pretty small.
The price was 13.00.
The tacos were delicious.
Not too great for lunch unless you're willing to splurge.I am a fan of Lolita. I liked it prior to thier renno / liquor liscense and I like it even a little more now. I really love the changes they made to the inside. The decor, the layout, everything is beautiful. 
The drinks are so festive looking. 
The food was really nice, I had the carnitas pork tacos, the shrimp tacos (the shrimp tacos were very very spicey but I enjoy spice) and I had chips and guac which was wonderful. Memilitas was also enjoyable. I liked my meal so much and I'll definately go back. 
The presentations nicely done. 
Sevice was great too. 
A pleasant dining experience.I came here with a friend on a Saturday night for dinner. We came right on time for our reservations and they were packed. It overall seems like a nice place but it's very small to the point I felt I can't stretch out my arms cause I might hit someone nearby. For dinner my friend and I ordered the guacamole to share and the Mexican street corn. The guacamole was really good and in addition to tortilla chips we got a few taro and plantain chips as well. I wish it was more of those per order but it was satisfying overall. The guacamole order also comes with a red and green salsa. The red one tasted more smokey and the green was slightly spicy , both enjoyable though . The street corn looked a lot smaller than in pictures I had seen by other reviewers . However it was really creamy with a little spice and very messy. I wish I could have gotten some paper napkins but the waiter didn't hang around long when checking in on us for us to really ask. For the main courses my friend got a chicken dish and I got the seared cauliflower tacos. When my friends food was dropped off we weren't sure if it was hers cause it was dropped off so fast, and the girl who dropped it off just seems flat and dead in the face then walked off from our table. The people here just seemed a bit too busy and rushed there that night.  
      In addition to our meal my friend and I both got the blood orange margaritas which we felt were strong and quite delicious. Overall this place is great for food ,but service could use a little improvement.A few of us were able to snag reservations here on a Friday night last minute, which was great.  It's a very dimly lit restaurant down in a great area of restaurants/bars.  The service was perfect and our waiter was extremely nice and polite.
I ordered a spicy margarita and it was decent.  It didn't have much of a taste to it, except just a jalapeno tangy spice taste at the end.  We ordered guac and it was decent...it honestly didn't taste too fresh and more like restaurant guac you purchase.  For dinner, I got the veggie enchilada verde and they were not good at all.  They were extremely dry and bland, no matter how much sauce I tried to throw onto it after the fact.  The tortilla was mushy and it just didn't flow together.
Overall, I'll probably be back to the bar for a drink, but don't think I'll be back for dinner anytime soon.Cute restaurant. We sat outside, nice weather with a great view! I was only here for happy hour, $6 margaritas!! Woohoo! Will definitely be back here again:) 
Tip for the male server with tattoos and nose ring, smile a little more!I didn't expect to love this place.  Part of me didn't even want to.  You see, my vision of Mexican food had been clouded in a Haze.  Traditional is what you want, right?  The old country, experience, authenticity.  Somewhere that had been around the block a few times.
But no.  Societal norms bedamned I fell in love with this young girl, this Lolita.
Seafood tostadas started the meal with a punch in the mouth.  Salty, acid, fishy, crunchy.  Holy moly.  Just a great little dish that set the tone for a meal I just flat out enjoyed.  Another highlight was the Cholula fried chicken - again a smallish dish but it satisfied from all angles.  Picked through a couple other things as well so suggest taking your time (not ordering all at once) and letting this one soak in.This review is purely for their Restaurant Week prix fixe which was excellent!
Portions weren't teeny tiny like some other notorious Restaurant Week spots I've been to.  On the contrary, they were nicely sized and delicious!  
The coconut tres leches cake at the end was to die for!Excellent margarita pitchers, fish tacos and korean pork belly tostadas for lunch.  Came here with a group of 6 and we all loved the food and drinks.  Also tried their guacamole and chips & salsa, which were very tasty, but I like my guacamole garlicky and spicy -- theirs could have used a bit more of each.REAL REAL GOOD STUFF HERE THANKS FOR A LOVELY REST WEEK
pros: cool decor, well-informed waitstaff, minimal waiting time in between courses. coconut rice pudding was unreal. i ate all of it i couldnt stop. worth the stomach ache/nearly debilitating guilt, my bf looked real cute that night. the watermelon and beets and corn were weird in the best way. 
cons: super noisy, my bf's entree was meh (carne asada) 
i live a sad frugal existence working in the npo field. if i made more dollarz i would eat here like every night.
alright see ya.A dark and cozy restaurant, this place is perfect for date night! Lolita's has a pretty simple menu with classic Mexican dishes like nachos, enchiladas and tacos. I opted for the mahi mahi fish tacos. The fish was fried well and the toppings paired well. It was a bit dry, but that may have been because I asked for it without the mayo sauce. 
Overall, good experience and great service. I will be back to try their happy hour!I can't believe there are only 100 reviews for this restaurant. The food is so amazing! Not overwhelming in size, but full of complex flavors and textures.  
I had already been here once, but I decided to return for Restaurant Week. Between the food and service, the experience was absolutely fantastic. To start, we had the roasted beet & jicama salad, which is offered to every table that takes part in the RW menu. I felt the roasted beets really dominated the dish, with their sweetness and smooth texture, accented by citrus, herby, and nutty flavors of the garnishes. The portion was small, and it left us wanting more. But this was a great way to lead into the next two, more substantial courses. 
Our next course consisted of the pork carnitas and crispy fish tacos/ Both were great, though I thought the carnitas were  especially tasty and flavorful. We also had the carne asada, which consisted of beef tenderloins, crispy yucca fries, smoky plantain crema, topped with a crispy plaintain chip to add texture. 
We finally ended the meal with tiramisu and coconut tres leches cake. Both were good. The tiramisu paired especially well with Patron XO, and the tres leches was very moist, though I wish they had added a bit more of the milk sauce under it. 
While the restaurant is on the tinier side, it is not insanely uncomfortable, especially when the food more than makes up for it. Our server was also very pleasant. I only wish the chairs didn't have such round backs, because as a result, I couldn't place my purse on the back of the chair and had to place it on the floor in the dark.First of all, this is technically a 4.8 if I'm being a stickler. The only true 5 star taqueria I've been to in Center City is Mission, but this is a very close second! Basically the tacos at both here and Mission are phenomenal, but the chips were delicious at Mission...
Lolita has really great tacos in center city! At 8pm, there were at least four seats open at the bar! On a Friday night, too! The wait at El Vez was an hour and fifteen minutes (hah! Don't get me started on how every Starr restaurant I've been too is incredibly mediocre, yet overrated), but we got seated here immediately! 
It's quite small, and the kitchen is open and connected to the bar. There's even a three or four seat "kitchen counter" if you don't mind sitting next to the jawn waiters use to give the cooks the orders and print receipts.
It's very dark, which could potentially make the menu hard to read. We shared guacamole which came with plantain, malanga, and tortilla chips and two salsas. It was loud so I could only hear when the waitress told us the one was salsa verde. The other salsa was red and really good, but I couldn't hear what it was called.
I had the al pastor "spinnin' on the trompo!" (rotisserie). I forget what was on them, but it was very similar to those from Mission (Oyster House's upstairs taqueria). They were great
My friend had the carnitas and let me have one because she couldn't finish them. They were amazing, and I liked them more than the al pastor because, I guess, on fancy modern al pastor tacos, they use some sort of red sauce that takes away from the flavor of the meat. Both were great, though.
The tacos are tiny! But I was surprisingly full after one order and sharing the chips and guac.
I had a tamarind sour (bourbon, tamarind-piloncillo puree, lime, orange). It was very strong and delicious!
By the time we were finished around 9pm, there were quite a few tables and stools at the bar open. 
So far I'm in love with both Marcie Turney establishments I've visited. I plan to hit up Barbuzzo and Jamonera next.Awesome. Finely a Mexican restaurant that does guacamole the right way. Awesome bartender. Great drinks.My wife and I do 12 and 13th street joints often, however we've never been to Lolita so we went last night for the restaurant week menu. Our server Corinne was way beyond great, pleasant to the point of always having an authentic smile, and was teriffic in describing the food choices and making suggestions. The Cucumber jalapeno margarita was the bomb(is that still being used?)!!!! Fish Tacos, Pork Tacos, steak in wonderful sauce, grilled swordfish all were great. definitely will be back with friends!Let me tell you, I've been searching for days trying to find guacamole and a gluten free restaurant. My hopes were answered by Lolita! The food is fantastic, inspired, and pretty. As a Texan, I'm super snobby about my guac but this place has exceeded my expectations. I wish I would have found it earlier in my trip; I would have eaten here everyday! 
Time visited: Sunday 5:30pm
Ordered: chips, salsa, guac; fish tacosI'm a fan of the Lolita upgrade - or should I say Lolita, the sequel?  The original Lolita was never a favorite of mine, but this new version did a great job the other night for my husband's birthday dinner.  The servers were very careful with my allergies and I should add that the menu was very approachable for vegetarians, vegans, and the gluten-free crowd.  I also love that the tables were slightly more spread out; it's still relatively tiny in here, but much better than the set up they had before.  
For our main dish, we opted to go with the pork special, black beans, and slaw.  It was tasty and it was a pretty good deal at $20 a person (we even still have leftovers in our refrigerator because of the portion size).  I know a lot of people probably hate that they can no longer BYOB at Lolita, but I enjoyed my strawberry margarita and I liked the fact that they had tequila flights.  Our service did start to trail off a bit by the end, but our waitress was actually training a new employee, so we tried to be patient.  I probably would not recommend this spot for dinner if you are in a hurry.
I would, however, recommend checking out the late night happy hour.  It runs from 10:30-midnight and they have some drink specials and 2 for $5 taco options that rotate depending what night you go.Simple menu but just what you'd want the most. Excellent presentation and very delicious. We had the nachos and chicken taquitos. Both were delicious. Definitely not your typical Mexican in terms of texture and taste. We'll come back here.Nice food....Valeria's chopped salad was delicious and what to say about tomatillo serrano salsa..it was awesome...must try out this place at least once..the night light of Philly and outside dinner at Lolita's...is a perfect combo...So delicious!!!  Totally worth the visit. Went during happy hour and had a great experience. The food was so packed with flavor and fresh too.I came here with my wife on a recommendation. The online reviews and pictures look great so 
 definitely had to  check this place out.  There's so much to choose from(everything sounded delicious) so the waiter helped us out deciding. He recommended the pineapple salsa tacos, chips with guacamole and some sauces. WOW! Amazing! everything is made fresh there. Great place. Very friendly staff and awesome food. If you're looking for good Mexican definitely check this place outExcellent food - their corn on the cob & cauliflower tacos are amazing. The place can get very loud so if you want to go there with the intention of talking to someone, it may not be your best choice. You may also want to make a reservation ahead of time. On a busy night, the wait times can be ridiculously long.
I only wish that this place would do something about their noise problem & take reservations on yelp.Let me start by saying this could have been 5 stars, but the inconsistent service let's this place down. If only the service matched the food we would have a place I would go to far more often.
The food, we went for restaurant week on 01/18/2015 we had a party of 8. The food is 5 stars, we had the pork belly which was amazing, it was the best pork belly I have ever had. We had the short rib entrée and the snapper as well as the chicken entrée. All three were amazing, the yams that came with the short ribs were just heaven. The drinks were great and the cake was so good!!!! I have no complaints about the food.
Service is another issue, at some points the waiter was great, but at other points she seemed irritated and over it. The funny thing is it's a tiny place, it was not completely crowded so if she can't handle that, she should not be a waitress, there were like 2  other waiters in this tiny place. She didn't have many tables. I'm used to great service and this was inconsistent. At times she was moody and impatient, at other times she was great. The worst point of service happened when we were initially ordering. We were happy to celebrate our parents birthdays and excited to be with family but the waitress killed our joy with this incident, which put a damper on the night.My sister was the last to order and she asked a simple question about the ice-cream, she was concerned that the Mexican chocolate would have a lot of spice so she asked the waiter if the ice-cream was spicy, the waiters response was, your taking to long to order, I have other tables. My sister said we'll if your in a rush I can just forget it, and the waiter walked away without taking her dessert order.That is the worst thing you could say to a customer, there are plenty of kind ways to move someone along without making them feel like their annoying you. We were shocked she flat out said something like that, truth be told my sister actually wasn't taking long we were a party of 8 ordering 3 things each off the restaurant week menu and she was impatient. My sister was the last to order but the waiter was just over it at that point and she showed it, so NOT COOL,It's been a few years since my last visit to Lolita's. A lot has changed. Used to be BYOB but not anymore. Beer selection is solid and my wife liked her margarita. The food was flavorful yet a bit too salty in every dish. The fish tacos and the pork belly tostadas stood out amongst the 4 dishes we tried. Solid place but used to so much better and not just cause you used to be able to bring your own Cuervo. If Yelp had the option it would be a 3.5 but math taught me to round up so I guess it's a 4Love the food here! I haven't tried anything that I don't like, and the margaritas are great.
Some of the tacos were on the spicy side for me, but the servers are great about steering you in the right direction. The Mexican street corn and guacamole are great starters! My group has always ended up ordering too much food, so I would recommend just ordering a little bit at a time and adding on if you're still hungry!
My only complaint is that it can get pretty loud if there is a big group, but overall, I love it!I really liked this place. Got the tuna tostadita and it was pretty delicious and flavorful, but there wasn't that much tuna in it and only three chips for $12. The fish tacos were a bit more worth it I think, and still really flavorful. 
Something I like it just the variety of food and cultural infusions the place has, it's not just (traditional) Mexican. It's a bit more expensive for the portions, but it's quality food.The ambiance of this place is really nice - spacious, lively and comfortable. Service was really quick (although my group ate at 6:30, so the restaurant wasn't very crowded). We ordered the hanger tip and the crispy fish tacos, both of which were really good. The chips and guac were just okay. I appreciated the fact that the chips included dried plantains, but the guac lacked spice and was too little for a group of 3 people. 
I was pretty disappointed by the cocktails. My table ordered the cucumber jalapenos margaritas, which sound a lot better than they tested. You could barely taste the jalapeno, the cucumber wasn't fresh, and there wasn't very much tequila in the margarita.This restaurant was a COMPLETE disappointment. I came in to philly for restaurant week. My bf and I decided Lolita would be our first stop. We arrived around 6pm on a Sunday night. I didn't get halfway through the entrance before the host RUDELY said "I don't have seats in here for you tonight."  That was completely unprofessional and lacked any hospitality. While I understand restaurant week is a busy time, places have waits, extremely extended waits, but they exist. Having that said to me with no explanation or possible wait was inexcusable. We ended up going to El Vez across the street and it was amazing.This place has changed thoroughly since the last time I dined there. 
The menu is quiet bland. Your choices are basically between tacos - which were bland or anything they can serve on a tortilla chip 
We started with drinks.. Watermelon margarita and white sangria. VERY tart, tasteless and literally no alcohol whatsoever. I had to ask for a little simple syrup in both. The waitress didn't seem surprised for me to ask for that, must be a usual request, change your recipe if that's the case!
Food came, chips and salsa was literally the best thing we ate at our meal. Shrimp tacos, not a fan, shells still on some of the shrimps. Something in the taco was sugary and sweet, strange. 
Steak nachos. Average
Guacamole, average. 
Not gonna bother dining there againNice atmosphere and great food. Will continue to return in the future. Margaritas as fresh and delicious. Favorite dish is the cholula chicken tacos.Food was OK, but service was incredibly slow, food took more than an hour, getting the check took 45 minutes, getting the check paid took 20 minutes. 3 tacos should not take more than 2 hours to get in and out on a Wednesday night.A very lively and friendly place for inventive Mexican. I had the pork tacos and street corn and both were great. Nice atmosphere and a fun vibe.Incredible, modern Mexican...just like the sign says. We did a $50 gilt deal and it was beyond worth it. The chips and guac were delicious. The tacos are amongst the best I have ever had. The margaritas are super fresh and tasty. Lastly the dessert is unique and full of flavor, I would recommend the avocado like ice cream. Definitely a top choice as far as Mexican goes, especially in a city with some good Mexican spots. Also super gluten free friendly which you can't beat. Will definitely be going back.Been walking past this place for awhile & finally decided to break my usual pattern & give it a try.
Glad that I did!
As with most spots in the area, it's tiny & busy. I was able to grab a single spot at the bar, so I would recommend reservations.
The bar service was great, even though they were really busy. The cucumber & jalapeño margarita was a perfect starter while I looked over the menu.
I really couldn't decide, so I wandered through an assortment of small plates, all of which were tasty!
The duck fat tamal was my favorite. 
Of course I will come back again and will likely bring friends so that we can try more !
If you're in Philly and want to try something new, do it!I feel like Lolita is often overlooked since it is right down the street from El Vez, but it definitely deserves a visit. The atmosphere is quiet and cozy, and the decor is adorable. The menu is interesting, and everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. We shared the guacamole with mango, Mexican street style corn, plátanos fritos, grilled Brussels sprouts, braised short rib nachos, and raw tuna tostaditas. We also had a pitcher of the blood orange margarita, which was perfect and refreshing. We will definitely be back!Delicious as always. Carne Asada cooked to perfection. Plantains were great and so was the dulce de leche. One of our favorite desserts.So confused about the negative reviews! Loved my Cinco De Mayo dinner there. The green garden marg is amazing, the beetarita is almost as good. 
We had an awesome vegan salad with cashew cheese. That may have even been my favorite of the night and I am a huge meat eater. To balance the meatlessness, the queso fundido with chorizo is hard not to love and is a really sizable potion. Fried chicken tacos were also good.Came here on my dad's birthday for happy hour. Their happy hour ends at 6:30 which in my opinion is early. Well, their food and margaritas definitely make the happy hour a good one. We ordered blood orange margaritas all around. For food, we ordered the chicken nachos, chicken taquitos and something with salmon in it. Food and drinks were great. Service was pretty good. Our server was very attentive and made sure to check if we wanted anything before happy hours ended. Price wise, I prefer their neighbors double knot and sampan but i understand it's a different cuisine. 
Will return for a main meal next time.Wow
What a great place. Amazing. food is great and not your typical texmex type of "Mexican" food.
Great atmosphere 
Highly recommendI came here on the recommendation of a friend. It was also close to my hotel which was a bonus.
This place has a nice happy hour menu, including drinks and food.
I had several of their margaritas off the menu- the blood orange (on happy hour), French margarita, and the cucumber jalapeño. All were fantastic.
I was traveling alone, and sat at the bar. The bartender was busy, but attentive.  And he made great recommendations.
 The space itself is kind of tight. Tables were a bit crowded, and close together.  But it's in an order building in a city, and such is life.
I had the guacamole to start, and the octopus salad as my meal. Both were fresh and tasty. The salsas here are also amazing.  I cannot wait to come back to try more menu items!fantastic food, ambiance, service. The only thing is that the restaurant is a little cramped and we had a table next to the door, so I got cold every time someone walked in or out.So, admittedly this wasn't our first stop on our Friday night jaunt for fine food. We were going to try a Mexican place across the street but when they had a two hour wait we walked across the street and asked after a table. Thankfully it was only a 10 minute wait and we ended up eating outside, which was the best scenario ever. 
We started out with the mango guacamole and assorted chips. The guacamole was expensive and while the toppings were good (guacamole and some spicy red sauce) it wasn't the most mind-blowing guacamole I've ever had. Certainly delicious, just not perfection on a plate as I was expecting. We paired our guac with blood orange margaritas. Those were baller and super cute in their sweet little mason jars with biodegradable yellow striped straws.
For our entrees we each picked out a plate. I chose the crispy fish tacos and she got the enchiladas. I, being gluten-free, rarely get to eat anything with 'crispy' in the title so I was really excited when I got to eat these because they are crusted in blue corn and plantains. They were spicy and beautifully presented. Friend's enchiladas with shrimp were delicious with a creamy green sauce that she couldn't quite put her finger on but said was awesome.
Dessert consisted of prickly pear-basil sorbet for me and the flourless chocolate cake with orange-anise ice cream. I couldn't eat the cake but was told it was sort of like a regular lava cake while my sorbet was amazing. It was tart, bright pink, and came in a rather generous portion in a cute mug. Great ending to a great meal. We both swore that if we lived in Philly (we were in town for a conference) we would be regulars.Went to Lolita with a group of friends on Saturday night.  Our service started off on a pretty low note.  Took quite a while to get drinks and order - not that we were in a hurry.  But we were watching delicious pitchers of margaritas fly by our table while eagerly awaiting the arrival of our own.  I am not sure if it was the slow impact of the margaritas hitting us (which they did), or an improvement in service, but it seemed to get much better as the night went on.
In terms of food and drink there were many highlights - I loved the cucumber jalapeno and the watermelon margaritas.  Both were super fresh  and tasty.  In the food category - the Cholula fried chicken taco was great, probably my favorite of the tacos that we ordered.  I also liked the mahi mahi tacos.  I would probably skip the mushroom tacos.  Others in my group enjoyed the Korean style filet tacos, but I did not try them.  The chilaquiles were bomb. I wish they had arrived earlier during the meal because by the time they arrived, I was stuffed.  The Mexican street corn was also amazing. Definitely save room for that.  Skip the tuna tostaditas and the platanos - neither were very exciting.  As I am writing this, I realize how embarrassingly much food we ordered; however, I am glad I got to try so many of the items on the menu.
I will definitely be back and order about a quarter of the food that we did last time.  I think that an antojito to share and order of tacos each would be more than enough for two people. It is always nice when a restaurant can redeem itself with delicious food.  Cheers to Lolita and another good restaurant from the Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran duo.Not the best out of the family of restaurants on that block of 13th street, but Lolita is still a pretty good eatery spot with fresh Mexican cuisine. I came here with a friend for restaurant week fall 2014, and highlights of the day were definitely the appetizers (watermelon and beet salad + salmon tostadas with jicama and orange) - it's that citrus deliciousness that got to me. Cuban sandwich was definitely not great, I hate super hard bread in sandwiches so it wasn't my jam.This was the best meal I have had in Philly! I can't wait to go back to this place. My friend and I shared the "tradicional guacamole" to start, which was excellent. It was accompanied by chips and two kinds of fresh salsa. The real pièce de résistance was my entree, the brussels sprouts & egg tosta. It was a glorious stack of three crisp-fried tortillas topped with black beans, a mix of melty delicious cheese, salsa, fresh jalapeños, cilantro, and corn, topped with a truffled farm egg. I don't even understand how this combination of rather simple ingredients came out so good. My friend, who is not vegetarian, tried my meal and agreed! Unfortunately, this dish only seems to be available on the dinner menu - but I'll be back!
P.S. Make a reservation if you plan to go at peak dinner hour.Came here with 6 friends for a birthday. We all got tacos, chips salsa and guac. Everything was excellent but very spicy and very small! The tacos are tiny so you definitely can eat 2 or 3 orders. The margaritas are also very good. I would only recommend this place if you plan to spend a lot and share all your choices. The service was also excellent! Bri was great !The host made us wait for an hour even though the restaurant had more than 3 tables available for the whole time. We waited at the bar, which was not busy, also took a long time to order drinks. When I asked her again she said 20 more minutes, but those tables were still available. I wouldn't mind waiting, but the attitude of the staff really makes a difference, we ended up going somewhere else .These are one of those Mexican places I won't forget and will definitely return to. I loved the guac (perfectly salted and topped with plenty of fresh cut red onions and jicama slaw) and chips (awesome variety of corn, plantain, and root chips). The verde and ranchero salsas were both bangin! The crispy fish tacos (plantain encrusted mahi) were also really good (even better with more verde). Eager to return and try some other things I had a hard time choosing between.Excellent Mexican spot - fresh flavors and innovative. Delicious margaritas (but the paper straws don't hold up well :), homemade chips, and fresh ceviche. Great outdoor dining experience and thanks for making my son a cheese quesadilla!A good time here, but oh so close to being great with better execution. The food was generally good. The lowlight was the tamales. Pork belly and carnitas were the star of the show.
The guacamole appetizer was below average, it was a good idea but the execution was lacking. 
The biggest problem we had was timing of the meal. We felt rushed, drinks and appetizer came out together, followed minutes later by all 3 dishes we ordered. The small table was cluttered, and we left disappointed.Cute little modern cafe with new age menu. Guacamole served with variety of fresh chips, plantain chips, corn, wheat with excellent spicy choices. Verde salsa very good as was house special made very hot "habanero purée" (ask for it). Red salsa was too sweet and barbecue-like, but half and half with habanero purée not bad. House special chicken tacos made with thigh meat were 5-star. Not crowded for late lunch (close at 3:00 and reopen at 5:00). There are 22 two-seat tables that are arranged ergonomically in groups for maximum of 8 people and bar has about 10 seats. Efficient, community service. Open kitchen behind bar, this is a great little new age Restaurant with new taste sensations which  I loved all other than untreated barbecue salsa........ I'll be back...Food is muy deliciousa (very delicious) hands down. The wait times here are ridiculous so I would suggest a reservation before hand or be prepared for some hunger games style searching for seats at the bar. Although I am not impressed by their service, I definitely liked the attitude the busboys had in this place. Very proactive. So I have half of the tip in cash to the bus boy and the other half to the bartender.Had I written this review before the renovation, I would have 100% given this place five stars!! I would give them 3.5 stars right now if I could, since I feel that 3 is too low but 4 is too high. This was my FAVORITE restaurant in Philadelphia... maybe even the whole eastern coast!
The renovation made a lot of changes to Lolita that were probably smart for them business-wise (although there seems to be less seating availability now), but often customers really just do not like change. Especially when that change includes removing the BYOT from the menu. 
Regardless, on my last visit with a party of five, we ordered two pitchers of margaritas (thankfully they still had the delicious blood-orange!). We usually ordered two pitchers of the mixers they had and brought a bottle of tequila for the ride which was always plenty. This was not the case. We each got one SMALL drink from each pitcher and had to order another and we still weren't satisfied. They were highly watered-down with ice and not really getting the job done for us. We missed the BYOT so much! But I digress...
THANK BABY JESUS that they did not remove their Carne Asada from the menu. I had a legitimate fear that they would when I heard they re-did the menu. I have dreams about this dish. If I were dying, I would want THIS to be my final meal. Four of the five of us ordered the Carne Asada, medium rare and we all received (as usual) a perfectly cooked cut of meat served over a delicious creamy sauce and potatoes. My Lord, I am so thankful that nothing about that dish changed with the renovation. 
The server service was also pretty great on our last trip. I had called ahead to make a reservation and they told me that they did not have any for the time I requested but told us to stop in anyways. I stopped in an hour before to put my name on the list and he looked into his computer and ended up just making room for us at the time we wanted so we didn't have to wait! That was wonderful.
Our waiter on the other hand, was very inattentive and seemed uninterested in his job. This was a problem we had previously experienced at the restaurant as well but the food kept bringing us back. And it will STILL keep bringing me back. On future visits, we're probably going to stick to just ordering the food and having our drinks elsewhere. I wish they would bring back BYOT!! But do yourself a favor and order the Carne Asada! You won't be sorry! It is pricey, but it is worth it.
P.S. The only good thing about the renovation: They are no longer CASH ONLY! =)We went on a cold and rainy Wednesday evening and it was packed. We were seated at a table next to another table and we were so close to the table behind us that we had to get up twice when the table next to us vacated and then again when the table was reseated. This was a major drag. I would say that the seating situation is not up to code.
Our server was nice and efficient. A couple of us ordered the chopped salad to start which was divine. I wish I could eat it every day. Next I had the Spinnin on the Trompo which was a nice balance of spicy and sweet, nice subtle crunch with the pork cheek. My husband had the shrimp tacos and they were too spicy for him.I think I become less enthused with every visit. I've been here thrice now, and I find myself less impressed every time. I don't go once every week or anything. It's once every few months (particularly because they always have availability on OpenTable, more than other restaurants in the area). It's more of my back up restaurant, to be honest. 
The new "taquizas" (build your own tacos) are a rip off because they're more expensive, but you don't get anymore tacos than the regular ones. You just get a bunch of beans and what have you on the side. I don't know about you, but I'd rather have more tacos than sides. It comes out of a big, fancy wooden plate to make you think you're paying for more food than the regular tacos, but you're really not. 
It's really dark and loud, and this is beginning to bother me (I'm not old or anything, I'm 21), but this is only good for late night or dates (I'm better looking in the dark anyway). 
It's not bad. It's good. It's just not as amazing as I originally thought.So much better than the overrated obnoxious El Vez across the street. I came here on a weekend for a friends birthday dinner. It was delicious. The mango guac was a good opener. My favorite was the slow roasted pork shoulder in banana leaves. What a sexy dish. The pork just broke loose and just exploded into a wonderful frenzied flavor dance in my mouth. The braised short rib with egg was great also (I'm an egg slut). Portions were generous and great to share. The zucchini and squash tacos were very inventive and fresh and lively.It is a nice Mexican place. They have outdoor seating - good in summer. Their food is delicious and filled with flavor. I ordered an enchilada and it is one of the best ones I have eaten till now.
Good place to hangout in center city. They have a nice bar.
The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because the seating arrangement could be done better. We had our adjacent table so close that we did not have space to get out when we were done. 
But other than that, good service and good food!Came here with some coworkers for lunch. Food was good, portion sizes were a little small though. Also, I was hoping it would be a bit brighter inside.. it was very dark we asked to sit near the front windows because of that. Overall it was fine, nothing blew me away though.My wife and I went here Friday night for dinner.  Drove up from Wilmington. We have been here and the other 13th street restaurants own by Marcie and Valerie often. Wanted Mexican so we came to Lolita.  Both my wife and I enjoyed our meal.  The meals were very flavorful.  And the Blood Orange margarita was fantastic. 
Will be back.Food was fabulous, place was great BUT they need a front door it is sooooo cold cannot go back until spring time.Signed up just to write this review.  I loved the old Lolita and could not wait for this new version to open.  I've been twice now and I doubt I will return.  Everything was just...okay.  Service was okay, drinks were okay, and food was okay.  That is the best I can say about it.  I loved bringing people from out of town to the old Lolita as a way to impress them with Philadelphia and its restaurant scene.  It always had great food and a really fun vibe.  I got none of that the last two times I was in.  I actually wonder if what I liked so much was really just getting drunk on a bottle of tequila.Came here for lunch during restaurant week and enjoyed a delicious meal.  The options were great for my friends and I, one of whom is a vegetarian.  There were also several vegan options, which I'm sure pleases many vegan and non-vegan patrons alike.  The portions were plentiful, which surprised me, especially since some restaurants tend to skimp on the portions during restaurant week.
I started with a vegan chopped salad, which was delicious.  For my entree, I had the fish tacos, which were out of this world.  They were breaded just enough and they had the perfect amount of kick to them.  The only thing I was slightly disappointed with was the coconut tres leches, which I thought was rather dry.  
Great service throughout the meal and definitely a place I'd visit again for drinks and dinner.Came here on the last friday of Restaurant week. I gotta say, this place has some really good fish tacos! Definitely not the traditional taco fair though if that's what you're looking for. The blood orange margarita was yummy but weaker than what I would prefer. My and my boyfriend's favorite part of the meal that night was definitely the chef's tasting. Overall the meal was almost perfect minus smaller things that I just personally nick pick about. Like, "I wish xxx's sauce had more flavor."Went here with my friends for my birthday. Had a blood orange margarita, it was good but not as good as the blood orange margaritas that taqueria feliz in many ink has. The guacamole was great, you get plantain chips with the taco chips to which is a tasty bonus! Ordered fundido too, easily the best I have ever had. Flavorful, some heat but not too spicy, and there was meat in it! By that time I was too full for tacos so I ordered the raw tuna tostaditas and they were the perfect final dish. Not too heavy, fresh tuna, would absolutely order again. If that was going to be your only dish you might leave hungry but it was perfect as going to town on all those apps! Only downside is the tables are very close together, you feel like you are sitting with the party next to you and it is very dark. You can barely read the menu unless you hold it up to candlelight.There are several great upscale Mexican restaurants in the city, and Lolita one of them. The cucumber margarita is my favorite tequila drink in the city. The carne asada is always cooked to perfection. Highly highly recommends the tostadas - both tuna and octopus. Some tacos are better than others, but the veggie is usually surprisingly good. Great enchiladas, too. Make a reservation- it gets packed.Decided to try this restaurant for the first time during restaurant week.  I was NOT disappointed. Everything was seasoned to perfection and great quality food. absolutely delicious! ! The timing of our 3 course meal was planned perfectly and never felt rushed. One of best meals i have had in a while. Literally wanted to lick the plate.  I will be back! 
Only drawback was the ultra low lighting that made it very hard to see. Otherwise would've given this place 5 starsFood and staff are phenomenal!  Lolita is very cozy but maximizes the space available.  I wouldn't recommend for a large party but was perfect for our party of five.  We went on a very busy night but had made reservations and sat down almost immediately.  Waitress was friendly and obviously knew the menu well.   She helped the entire table  make the best choices based on our questions.Everything that came out was so good. We got pork carnitas, carne asada, and grilled chicken - everything was amazing! We don't have any complaints. We tried the tres leches cause I heard it was delicious but it wasn't as amazing as I expected. Overall, everything was greatGreat gauc and amazing tacos!!! Nice ambience and music!!!had a lovely time at late night.Even though they were up for close they took good care of us..Worth going back!! Their Location is excellent,U can just sit and have a great time...I regret never visiting Lolita, and I look forward to another visit to try more things.
First the spectacular highlights:
The cucumber jalapeño cocktail was seriously fantastic.  It's tastes healthy, I'm sure it's not, but it's so totally refreshing.
The sweet potatoes.  I didn't want to order this and wasn't at all excited about this. If I was betting on a fight I would have lost my bet because this underdog was the highlight of our meal.  The side of sweet potatoes were absolutely delicious.  Caramelized on the outside and crunchy but only slightly sweet with a savory inside.
The great:
The memilitas were delicious.  Crunchy corn cakes filled with cheese with pork belly- what can't be good about that? Really something you should order here.
The Valeria chopped salad had raw chick green chick peas! So cool and a slightly better version from el vez chopped salad.
The good:
The guacamole was good with the variety of chips served alongside it but otherwise pretty standard.
The blood orange margarita was also good but standard.  The paper straw got stuck to my lips, weird touch.
The Korean pork belly tostada was good, standard. 
The eh:
Service was aloof and pretty absent.
The trompo pork tacos, advertised on the menu as a special thing separate from the other tacos, was not really that special, and tasted like any other taco I've had on Washington ave but for half the price. eh.Wow, what a gem! Waitress gave great recoos, including for a teen who has a very limited palate and cleaned his plate. Try the Mexican street corn--spicy, buttery, deliciousness. I had the chipotle shrimp taquizas. Fresh, with more corn and side salad. I would go back again!A small but stylish Mexican restaurant from the Barbuzzo family.  They used to be byo but now serve alcohol. Their guacamole and plantain chips are superb. They have delicious (and necessarily messy) Mexican street corn on the cob, which is a great appetizer for the table. The tacos here are awesome. I prefer the pork here because it's loaded with flavor. While their tacos are popular, they have a nice selection of other Mexican favorites, and they seem to be consistent in their quality.  This place is good for a small group or a dinner date. Great cocktails too!The food was delicious and reasonably priced. My friend and I came here for dinner. We ordered the crispy fish taco, grilled octopus tostadas and enchiladas verde with mushrooms. The first two were very well done, flavorful with a variety of ingredients yet light and clean. The enchiladas were more on the traditional side, a bit heavy with cream, cheese, and probably calories, although the mushroom was a nice twist. 
The dishes were made to share and they recommend 3-4 for two people. We were comfortable with three.  
The ambience was good, dim lighting, modern decor, but a bit crammed. Prime real estate on 13th street, and they certainly fitted a lot of tables in a small space. Luckily the music wasn't too loud and we were able to enjoy a nice conversation. :)We have been here a few times now, and the food is always stellar! However, our most recent visit has been our best experience so far. Due to some newly established food restrictions, my fiancé needed to get a little creative with the menu. Our server, Gabrielle, and the kitchen staff were so very patient and accommodating to our requests. The food was delicious, as always. The drinks were fantastic! But the most memorable part was the customer service. Thank you!!I really like this place, it's probably my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia. I do wish they had a larger variety of taco types though, as I don't really like fried chicken or fried fish that much(2 out of their 3 taco types). I love the variety of chips they have that comes with their guac though but the last time I went, they seem to give less of those and more of the plain tortilla chips. I really like the margaritas they offer though. This place is definitely a date spot considering how small, dimly lit and cozy seating is. Altogether I still love this restaurant especially when outdoor seating is available.We popped in and sat at the bar. My favorite was the Korean BBQ Tostadas. The margarita pitchers are reasonably priced and they're super delicious. The bar was a great place to see the makings of food in the kitchen!The food was amazing!!!   Must try the flank steak tacos (kind of small, but fantastic)....  Order the guac as well...Really bad lunch time experience. Was served by Maggie, she lacked the customer service skills, I figured this restaurant would look for in its employees. We were neglected and it took our food forever to come out on a not so packed day. Food wasn't good enough to balance out the poor serviceWe figured there would be a wait at this fantastic little spot, but we wandered all around and came back - we got lucky as there were only two of us and we ended up tucked in the window. It was loud, but with a fun vibe. Service was slightly slow but it was busy and when they were around they were attentive and friendly. Menu items were priced well. Started with the chips and salsa. The salsa rojo was delicious but the salsa verde was soooooo good. Comes with 3 types of chips and the serving was generous. Friend had chicken nachos while I ordered the tacos: carnitas "spinnin' on the trompo" - so good. There were many, many things on the menu that sounded awesome. Servers were knowledgeable and helpful when trying to decide what to order.A gluten free Eden. EVERYTHING on the menu is GF!  Except certain liquors. 
And the food was excellent. 
One star off because the roasted beet salad on the menu contained beets NOT roasted. I prefer beets roasted and would not have ordered it if I'd known they were taking a shortcut last night. 
But I def will go back. Didn't get a chance to try their margaritas yet.Stumbled upon this place when my friend and I were looking for a place to grab a quick lunch. This place blew our minds. We came back for dinner the same night, that's how good it was. Mango guacamole with pepitas is out of this world fantastic. I loved the chips that were served, it was a combo of corn, malanga and plantain chips. My friend gorged on 3 portions of Mexican styled corn . I don't like corn, but even  could not stay away and ate 2 pieces. A spice fest in my mouth. I've also ordered fried plantains , which melt in your mouth. Tons of juxtaposed flavors. 
Margarita menu is a whole other story. We have tried every kind on the menu and all were phenomenal. French and strawberry/basil margaritas were my personal favorites. Not cloyingly sweet, tasted very realistic and not heavy. 
If you're visiting , this place is not to be missed!!!I went to Lolita for lunch, and my first experience with the restaurant was fine.  The guac and chips were very good.  I ordered a side of the Mexican street corn, and it left something to be desired.  Maybe salt?  The Mexican street corn comes cut into four pieces, which is easy for sharing.  I think that the juiciness of the corn is sacrificed when it is cut, though.  I would probably try another side if I find myself at Lolita again.  For my main course, I had the taquitos.  Again, I felt like the dish was missing a flavor.  I was a bit underwhelmed.  I had a ravenous appetite for lunch, so I decided to order a dessert.  This was the best decision I made.  I ordered the lime avocado ice cream, and it was heavenly!  The ice cream was so smooth and velvety.  I would go back just to get that ice cream...and try their margaritas, of course!Went out here with a group of 6 for a birthday. The service and food was great. Highly recommend if looking for a good Mexican place besides el Rey and el vezStopped here for a quick dinner on a Saturday night. It was not overly crowded and we had our pick of outside tables.
I had the carnitas tacos which came with fresh guac, corn tortillas, and some type of colorful salsa. The meat was perfectly juicy and the guac tasted genuinely fresh.
My friend had the asada tacos which were much smaller than the carnitas even though they cost $1 more. Would give this place 5 stars if not for inconsistent/small portion sizes.Loved sitting outside! Great ambiance. Service was fast and servers were friendly and helpful. Food was great.Had the house margarita, guacamole and fish tacos.  It was all very good.  Small place and kind of loud but cute and neat ambiance.The guacamole was amazing and I've eaten here previously and it has always been great. Our first bartender, a man with twisty hair was very attentive and personable but the second man that waited on us was rude and made us feel unwelcome. I would like to think he was just having an off day because I can't imagine anyone with such little experience in hospitality and customer service being hired at this establishmentIt's been many years since I have been to Lolita and the place has changed. No more bring your own tequila :( but the margaritas are still good. Excellent tostada and the fried fish tacos were delicious. My one request would be for a similar taco with grilled fish. We also had the chiliquiles which was a big filling portion. The passion fruit cheesecake was a yummy ending with a great sauce.Lolita has incredible food. My favorite are all of the tostadas. They have really interesting combinations of toppings that really work together. I would highly recommend!!!The experience exceeded our expectations even after reading the positive reviews! A friendly staff awaits from the front door to behind the bar. We had late reservations due to limited availability so we decided to roll the dice and arrive early to enjoy the bar with the hopes that maybe a table would open up early. The bar experience was awesome thanks to a blood orange margarita for me and a spicy cucumber 'rita for my wife. Both were incredible! We were enjoying our time at the bar, picking the bartenders brain and inquiring about how he creates such a delicious cocktail that we were sad when a table did open up for us 45 minutes prior to our reso! We sat regardless...the food and atmosphere were incredible. From Pork Cheek Tacos, to Bacon Guac (OMG) to some duck fat tamale, a brisket nacho-like platter and a pork carnitas we certainly sampled the clever menu! Not to worry, my son was on hand to help plow through all of this. Best part...the bill was at/about $100! A bargain! Can't wait to return! Gracias to the Lolita staff! A great night for my family!I went to this restaurant during restaurant week. Had beet and jicama salad for the first dish which was lightly seasoned and very tasty. I really enjoyed the dish. For the entree, i had fish tacos and i really liked it. Personally i like their tacos than the el vez's. Just right amount of spicy mayo and beet on top! It was very delicious!  Lastly, i had milk cake(?) for the dessert which was a bit too sweet but still very tasty! Thanks and great job! :)Excellent!
Last night, I had the Albacore Tuna Tostadas, Herb-Marinated Chicken Tacos, Braised Shortrib Chileaquiles and Coconut Tres Leches for dessert.
"Modern Mexican" definitely describes the place very well.  The presentation was beautiful for each dish and each had a unique take on the traditional fare that I am used to.  If I had to complain, it would only be on the size of the tostadas as they were much smaller than the traditional ones.  The flavor, however, was really good.
The chicken tacos were by far my favorite dish at Lolita.  The chicken thighs were tender and spicy, the cucumber slices completely balanced the thin slices of jalapeno and the spicy cream sauce.  Perfect!  I would come back again and again just for these tacos.
The chileaquiles dish was unexpected with the fried egg and guacamole on top.  Some of the chips were slightly charred on the edges which worked very well with the smokey shortrib.
Ended the evening with the coconut tres leches cake.  The cake was very warm and the dollop of mexican chocolate pot de creme on top and the milky base were cold...simply amazing when put together on the same spoon.
Drinks were really good too.  I had a drink with vanilla vodka and muddled pineapple in coconut water.  My friend had two of the mixed drinks with bourbon, one with tamarind and one with peach.  SO good!  Great place and I'll definitely be back!My boyfriend and I come here often and are always impressed with the quality of the margaritas and food. Reservations are hard to get on Fridays and Saturdays but it's always worth it. The blood orange margaritas and pork carnitas tacos are my favorites!Great food, enchiladas rojas with mixed mushrooms, delicious modern version of this dish! Waiting in the chocolate cake... :)To me the most important part of a restaurant is invariably the food, so let's start there.  I had the fish tacos, which were mediocre at best.  The fish itself was cooked nicely, and the tortilla, which they claim to make on site, was actually quite good.  But that was about it.  There wasn't a whole lot else to it--the sauce was bland and the other fillings so unremarkable as to not even be worth writing about.  And the portion, given the price, left something to be desired.  
The reason I even gave it 3 stars was the service and atmosphere, both of which were excellent.  Our server was prompt and polite.  We sat outside, which I would recommend.  It seemed like the indoor dining room would get cramped and noisy at peak times.  
Overall, I would be willing to go back and give it a second shot, but don't waste your time and money on the fish tacos.The food was great! We ordered a mixture of nachos and tacos and had a pitcher of the house margarita. Everything was DELICIOUS! I guess the only down side is the size of the tacos, a bit mini. So keep that in mind. They come with 3 tacos each. The chalupas... Soooooo great!! Service was a little slow thoughNow let me just say first off the food was fine at Lolitas.  However, now that I'm home in California and paying my credit card bill I see that they changed the total on my bill.  I tipped
more than 15% - more like 20 but I guess the didn't think it was enough.  They just adjusted it up a couple bucks and I'm not going to raise my blood pressure by fighting it but that is pretty disgusting.This is my go to Mexican restaurant. It is hard to find good Mexican place in the east coast but this place by far the best for me. I really enjoy their taco varieties. My friend had couple of diet restriction. Like no dairy, gluten  and no pistachios etc. They were very good at accommodating our order and since we split the plate, they serve all sauces and cheese on the side. Salad portion is generous and fresh and their guacamole is always awesome too. It is my favorite  Mexican place in Philly.I am writing this review based on the fish tacos (which I ordered), and the salad that was ordered. The fish tasted delicious and very fresh, and had a beer battered preparation to it. Everyone at my table was very happy, and the restaurant had a great atmosphere.I love this place. The food is orgasmic. I wanted to eat everything on the menu. Thank you for making amazing food.Went back to check out Lolita's after I heard about the switch of the menu.   I enjoyed my main dish and dessert.  They were both pretty solid.  But the margarita and the guac didn't really stand out for me. The place is nice, definitely better for small groups, it's a little tight and can get very loud if its full.I was excited to try Lolita. Had a later reservation at 9:15 on a Friday night, we were seated right away when we arrived. Our party of four was seated so close to the party of three next to us, the table was maybe an inch away from each other. It felt like we were having dinner together the whole night. The restaurant was also quite loud, I found myself having to say "what" to my friends multiple times.
I ordered a cucumber-jalapeño margarita. I've had a spicy margarita before and loved it. The margarita arrived at the table, I took a sip, not a single taste of jalapeño came through, I even had my friends check and make sure my taste buds hadn't mistaken me. I asked the waiter to send it back to make a bit spicier, and when I got my second one it tasted the same!! They just threw a slice of jalapeño in the drink that's it!! I was extremely disappointed. 
I did not order a meal, I only had some chips and salsa that I did enjoy! My friends seems to really enjoy their food. All in all, the disappointment of the margarita will be the reason I don't return.Cute little modern cafe with new age menu. Guacamole served with variety of fresh chips, plantain chips, corn, wheat with excellent spicy choices. Verde salsa very good as was house special made very hot "habanero purée" (ask for it). Red salsa was too sweet and barbecue-like, but half and half with habanero purée not bad. House special chicken tacos made with thigh meat were 5-star. Not crowded for late lunch (close at 3:00 and reopen at 5:00). There are 22 two-seat tables that are arranged ergonomically in groups for maximum of 8 people and bar has about 10 seats. Efficient, community service. Full bar and good draft beer selection. Open kitchen behind bar, this is a great little new age Restaurant with new taste sensations which  I loved all other than untreated barbecue salsa........ I'll be back...Great little place. Very authentic Mexican food and very fresh. Starting from the salsa to the meats, everything tasted fantastic. I had the mixed chips and salsa. I wish I could've taken some salsa home with me. Then had the Al Pastor Pork Tacos and the pork just melts in your mouth. I recommend this place. And I can't wait to go back!Fantastic taste explosion!  Casual business lunch outside turned culinary delight with the simple fish tacos and the offering for restaurant week.  Will be back!My boyfriend and I visited Lolita late this past Sunday evening for a last minute birthday dinner. Lolita is easily my favorite Mexican restaurant, not just in Philly, but ever! The guac was awesome, the shrimp tacos were the best tacos I've ever had, the street corn was delicious, and the coconut tres leches was amazing. If you haven't been yet, go now!Chalupas are the best in the world. Ordered two entrées just for me. Drinks are tall. These chalupas tho....maaaaan.Service was great, despite the 2.5 hour wait on a Saturday night. That was our bad . Ate and the bar, cucumber jalapeño marg was delicious. Little spice, super refreshing. Atmosphere was cozy, quirky and casual. Food was fresh and greatly paired, definitely recommend!Liked this place - but did not love it.  Basically doing upscale mexican/spanish food and trying to charge a bit more for it.  Drinks were good, but not cheap at all.  Decor was very nice and again upscale - quite a preppy crowd, casual but a bit stuffy.Food is a 4, margaritas are a 3.  Gave them a 4 because overall it is a cool place.  Margaritas lack pizazz in my humble opinion.  They lacked a richness, seemed a bit light, and almost 3-D printed.  Also, the salt was like morton's from a salt shaker, and should be more coarse. Better than your average Joe, but you can definitely do much better at home with a little effort re the drinks.  I like this place and would definitely come back, but the Rita's were lacking. Service at the bar was very good, polite and attentive.  My advice to the owner - blood orange habanero and get real salt.  Nice spot in Philly.Lolita, which opened in 2004 was the first restaurant that Chef Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran opened on the 13th Street corridor. It went through a facelift in 2014, and continues to dish out bold flavors inspired by Mexican street foods. The interior is similar in design to Barbuzzo with the long narrow space, big bar overlooking a semi-open kitchen, exposed brick and a general hip vibe. This seems to work for them as they are the reigning queens of 13th Street.
One weird thing that I noticed was the velvet curtain as you open the outer door to the restaurant. There was a curtain at a couple of other places on 13th Street as well--is this a Winter thing? What is this: Studio 54? Haha
Strangely, Lolita was practically empty except for two people seated at the bar when I came in around 1:30-ish, but I was told that the big lunch rush had just left, which I can definitely believe since I've walked by around lunchtime and it's been bustling--especially at the sidewalk cafe when it's warm. I got to sit anywhere I want, thought, which was awesome, but I didn't see my waiter much over the course of the meal. Sort of thought I'd have more one-on-one time with an empty dining room. Also, I was kind of hoping for some sort of non-alcoholic specialty drink, but the only aqua fresca they had was blood orange mint flavor, which was remarkably similar to the drink I had at Barbuzzo the day before. It was tasty the previous day, but I didn't want a repeat, so kind of a creative disappointment. I wish that there were more flavors or maybe even something like a horchata or pineapple based drink. Just something nonalcoholic that I could sip on for a bit. Oh well, I was really here for the food anyway.
Lunch began with the Pork Carnitas Tostadas, which were great. The pork itself was a touch smoky and slightly sweet from the canela orange glaze. The pickled red onion might have been hidden on the plate, but emerged as I bit into the dish as a great counterpart to the fatty pork. The little bit of bark on the outside of the pig was very much appreciated as well--it really carries such a concentrated flavor bomb, and also heightened the already beautiful presentation. The crispy tostada on its own was flavorful and had a powerful crunchy factor that held up well under the heaping toppings. The orange and jicama in the salsa lent a fruity brightness, and not only helped highlight the natural sweetness of the pig, but also brought out the spices even more.
The Morita Chile Rubbed Filet Tips came with a small mound of hot corn tortillas in wax paper, which seems very traditional but also playful to me. While the beef was cooked well, it wasn't as tender as the pork. The poblano peppers, along with the chipotles in the salsa and the morita chiles in the rub gave off a soft, lingering heat that built as time went on. The tortillas and creme helped cool it down. The beans were super flavorful--meaty, salty, fatty, smoky--Yum! Some of those black beans in an enchiladas dish would've been delicious. The cheese was nice for presentation, but it I basically ate all of it in one of my tacos. I wish it was a little stronger in flavor, and the rice, while tasty, wasn't super necessary on the plate.
After a very Mexican meal, I went with what sounded like the most authentic offering: the Coconut Tres Leches. As soon as this dish came to the table, I knew that a lot of thought had gone into not only the taste and flavors of this cake, but also the plating. The bowl almost resembled a cow's skin, which can only be an homage to the tres leches or three milks. The cake itself was warm and sitting in additional sweetened milk, and had flecks of coconut throughout. Though it was moist in the middle. it wasn't wet like I've come to expense from many tres leches cakes. The warm cake was able to absorb more liquid to prevent any drying out from the milk in the bowl--so many more cakes should be served warm, it just makes them better. It was garnished with some shredded coconut whipped cream and a chocolate pot de creme plated like a truffle atop the cake. The pot de creme was made with Mexican chocolate, which has a slight cinnamon flavor, and is not as sweet as milk chocolate so it complemented the super sweet cake. The texture of the coconut also provided a good change of pace from the soft chocolate and crumbly cake.
Lolita serves up delicious and modern takes on classic Mexican flavors in a chic urban setting. Great spot for lunch, but would've been even better at a time with more hustle and bustle. Come for lunch and sit outside when it's warm, or for an intimate dinner inside.Came in from out of town, Asked for a table outside with room for a stroller. As we waited down the street the host walked all the way down to offer us one inside that would work. The short rib nachos were excellent. Our baby got fussy and we had to leave early, our server got my skirt steak tacos boxed up right away. Looking forward to returning one day, would definitely recommend. S 13th street is a great little strip to eat in Philly.Very good! I came here for my birthday, it's small and crowded but that's too be expected for the city. I had fish tacos and they were pretty out this world. The fish was perfectly crisp, not too breaded, and it had just the right amount of acidity. Margaritas were great too.This is one of the most flavorful restaurants I've been to in Philly. I went here for restaurant week and I was blown away by every course. The starter empanadas were presented beautifully and very good. For the first course, I shared the pork belly tostadas and the tacos. The tostadas definitely won over my tastebuds but the tacos were up there. I had the carne asada as my main entree. The plate itself was pleasing to the eye. So flavorful and very filling but I always have room for dessert. I went with tres leches and man was that good. The cake itself is surprisingly dense but soaked up the milks poured in the bottom. I just wish there was more of that milk to soak up the cake. A must go to restaurant!!I had not been to Lolita since their prior incarnation - BYOB.  Now the inside is redone and they have a revised food menu, a bar and a drink menu.  The $50 Gilt coupon was a great deal.  There was a bit of bumpiness in the beginning.  It took 5 minutes of standing at the door with workers repeatedly walking past us (no one would meet our eyes or greet us) before we got seated.  We then had 3 different people come to take drink orders from us, but this also took about 15-20 minutes before we got the drinks.  The drinks are beautiful and delicious.  Tried the cucumber/ jalapeno and watermelon margaritas.  You will not find overly sweet chemical tasting mixes here.  Soooo good.  Refreshing and delicious.  The guac, watermelon salad, and tacos were all tasty.  Even though I didn't have room for dessert, I wanted to at least try to eat the included dessert, tres leches, and I was glad I did.  Again, there seemed to be major confusion over the bill, after talking to 3 different people, we managed to get out of there.  In summary, the food and drinks are great, but service seems to be an issue.  Possibly management can work on better coordination.Came here for restaurant week. Butternut squash soup appetizer and desserts were great. Veggie burrito needs work. Fish tacos were good.What a wonderful modern Mexican restaurant serving up delicious items tapas style. For my wife and I, we ordered up four items, which turned out to be a bit much as we wanted dessert as well. We started with the Bacon Guacamole and then went with the Fried Chicken Tacos, Chicken Nachos, and then the Shrimp Enchiladas Verde. Everything was simply delicious but if we had to pick one to not get next time, it would be the Nachos. For dessert we went with the Tres Leches. It wasn't quite as moist as other Tres Leches' I've had. 
Our waitress recommended the Blood Orange Margarita for me as I don't like drinks with a strong alcohol taste to them, and her recommendation was spot on. I liked it so much that I ordered a second one. My wife went with the Classic Margarita followed by a White Sangria. I enjoyed some of the Sangria as well!
The restaurant is pretty packed with tables and it's a bit tough to navigate through when they are crowded, which they were on this early Saturday evening. Some outdoor seating is available if the weather is nice. Our waitress was great and took good care of us. Will definitely be back!DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!! Love this place. The atmosphere is lively and trendy....the food is spectacular! The guacamole is delicious and comes with different kinds of chips which is unique (yucca, banana, and normal tortilla chips). The mexican street style corn is spicy and yummy! My favorite dish was the zucchini flour quesadilla...so good! We also got a pitcher of the white sangria which was definitely tasty, but I probably wouldn't get it again since I've had stronger/more flavorful sangria elsewhere for less than $8/glass. The service is FAST and wonderful...our server was super attentive to our table even though it was a really busy night. One of my new favorite restaurants in Philly!We were in Philadelphia on a long weekend and were roaming around looking for gluten free options and were over the moon to find this place. Fabulous food, drinks and service! We sat at the bar overlooking the chef and staff at work which was a real treat! This was a great find!Food was decent and the wine was delicious. I sat outside and my server was knowledgeable, attentive, and very nice. I was dining solo and I felt very comfortable and not rushed. Great spot if you're looking for a quick bite!Good fun and exciting Spanish food. Good margarita and appetizer. Friendly staff and great location to sit outside on 13th street and enjoy the eveningWent for lunch, great atmosphere and staff was attentive. ordered the bacon guacamole with cojita and fried Brussels sprouts, hanger steak tacos (little salty) and grilled octopus tostadas-pricey but well worth it, amazing ! new favorite Mexican food spot, downfall is parking, basically impossible to find a park spot nearby