The food was good, not great, the atmosphere was fun and lvively. Drinks were large and wine list was pleasing.I went here last night with some of my friends. Good place, but nothing to RAVE over. I got the beet and goat cheese salad which was sub par. The vegetable platter was amazing though! Huge! Good place to go with friends, but nothing AMAZING. Good location and we sat outside!Delicious plates! Well stocked bar and a nice array of beers make this Rustic corner spot a must go to. You can tell the chef has a great grasp of food and also a wonderful, exciting and colorful concept for their dishes. Happy hour specials are great too!Beer list is good and the bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly. Food was ok. Wings were small and blah. The burger, which is the yardstick of civilization, was way over cooked. Ordered medium well and was burned.One of my favorite places to come to on a warm evening. The food is delicious, drinks are far from weak and the staff are some of the friendliest I've ever encountered. As I already said, I prefer sitting outside (good for people watching), however love sitting in the pub area as well. Looking forward to visiting again this summer!!I fell upon this great little pub after a tour at ESP. What a find! Excellent food and interesting beers. The atmosphere was perfect. To the man at the table next to us (Saturday 12/28 about 2pm) with the blue sweater-if your date was not successful, PLEASE look me up!This place is great! We happened upon it accidentally on a Saturday morning but will definitely be back. Lots of outdoor seating, nice brunch menu, excellent Bloody Mary bar !! Friendly staff too. We had hummus and a bomb diggity kale salad. I'm a vegetarian so only a few options for brunch but they seem very accommodating.  We will be back!We stopped here for post-dinner drinks after eating at Bridgid's. I can't speak to the food (since we didn't order any), but the bar was pretty nice. We got there at around 10pm on a Saturday night and it wasn't that busy. We got a table near the bar and had plenty of room.
The beer selection was good (a requisite for me). I got a Brooklyn Pilsner and enjoyed it. The service was OK - a little slow, but the waitress was pleasant. 
The only thing I wasn't crazy about was that there was a table with middle-aged people making out right next to our table - I mean really making out, not just like a kiss here and there. I found this to be somewhat egregious. This is really not the restaurant's fault, but I just figured I would mention it so if it happens to you, I can say 'I told you so.'
Overall, I would consider coming back.nice restaurant, but small. the lighting is not good for us 40+...smile. there were 6 of us and we were at a back table, quite snug. I had buffalo wings & fries, which were good. they could have taken the tips off though. my family members had salmon, a burger, & duck. they enjoyed their meals.  I may be back for the wings.I was coming from a long day at the Eastern State Penitentiary so I looked around the neighborhood for a unique place to eat at. Stumbled upon this place and thought it was cute and cozy. It definitely had an antique bar vibe. The waitress/bartender was really nice. The food was average. I got the grilled chicken and brie sandwich. It was good but the honey mustard was more overwhelming than I expected...I think it was horseradish sauce because definitely tasted like wasabi and burned my nostrils! The fries were good (well seasoned). My boyfriend got a lackluster omelet and a big bowl of mussels. The mussels were okay. Overall cute neighborhood cafe.I really enjoyed this place! Half of our party was late for our reservation, but we were still seated right away, and brought drinks and a snack we didn't even ask for. The wait staff is excellent and timely. If I could complain I would say the appetizers took a little longer than I would have hoped for, but it only built up my appetite even more, which was well worth the wait. Food and drinks were very good and filling. Price is reasonable; worth it. The atmosphere and crowd varies from couples, to families to parties. They have a Bloody Mary bar which was fun! Funky little place!My new favorite neighborhood bar [technically I live in Brewerytown, but we don't exactly have many options there yet]. 
Bartenders are always super friendly and welcoming.
Even though i'm a huge fan of craft beer, which they have great selections of, I am always enticed by their cocktail menu. Very original --- who makes their own black walnut liqueur?! These guys do, apparently.
I haven't had a full sit-down meal yet, as I tend to sit at the bar and order small plates. But all the food I have had, so far, has been prepared with care and extra flavorful and tasty. I highly recommend the baked macaroni and cheese. Delicious.
Leonard P should be giving you 5 stars for serving Foie Gras, not 1. =)Good menu. Good food, good beer selection. The brick chicken was cooked perfectly. Our only problem w/ the food was that a couple items were heavily salted, the baked kale and the spring rolls being the big offenders. 
The big reason I took to yelp was because of the SLOW service!! it took us over 2.5hrs for my friends and I to have dinner. We had to ask for bread and oil (which was delicious) but slow service was brutal to sit through and their wasn't much apology for the delays, just... "the gratuity is circled at the bottom of the check"  THANKS!I work on the block where London is, and my experience with them consists of a few happy hour visits and some take-out beer for clients. The staff has always been very sweet. Sitting at the bar itself is sort of uncomfortable, the leg room is way too cramped. But they have great small plates available at happy hour, including a $3 fish and chips, with a generous handful of fries and one decent size breaded piece of fish. I have made it into dinner on a few occasions. I have yet to even look at the full menu.I had a very enjoyable experience  at London Grill.  I went during beer week, so there was no shortage of delicious brews to choose from. They were offering a few Brooklyn Brew drafts, and since that's one of my favorite beers, I was a happy camper.
I ordered the ricotta gnocchi which I very much enjoyed.  It was cooked with pancetta which was delicious.  The cheese they used was of a very good quality. 
Oh and the olive oil concoction they give you for the focaccia was delightful. 
All this and close proximity to a wine bar? I'll certainly be back.Surprisingly good food. Not over priced. Food was tasty and service was really courteousLondon Grill is a local gem. I've been there many times over the past few years, including my own large group birthday dinner a few years back. Most recently, I was there for happy hour/ Bastille day French trivia. 
I love the food but this trip was all about the beers. I wanted to make note of the excellent service. This place truly has a "Cheers" feel. The bar seemed full of regulars who had a great relationship with each other and the staff. The bartender Kelley was attentive and friendly despite the fact that it was a very busy night. The beer list is great. Favorites for the night include the Yards IPA on cask and McKenzies black cherry cider. They also had kronenbourg on special. I found the blanc to be pretty tasty.
We've done the Bastille Day/French trivia in the past and its just a really fun time. We ended up leaving with some really sweet prizes.
We'll be back for both food and drink.Went here for late lunch after going to the Art Museum because it's nearby. We sat inside an enclosed porch that bright and airy. My meal was tasty. I ordered a deeelicious cold wartermelon and tomato soup that was surprisingly filling. I followed it up with a roasted vegetable sandwich that was flavorful but the sauce was a little loose so be mindful of the front of your shirt or blouse. The fries were good without being over-salted  Only had iced tea so I have no comment about the alcohol choices. Overall, I'd recommend this restaurant based on my meal and the reasonable price.Was here the other night and chose to eat outside. My friend and I were both craving burgers so we both got the London burger. Burger itself was cooked to satisfaction and was quite tasty but the English muffin was certainly a curious touch as a bun. No big deal, but as expected it didn't hold up to the burger so I would have preferred a regular bun. Server was semi pushy, in an off putting way, which kind of made this experience worse than it should have been. Overall it was incredibly mediocre.Live in the neighborhood for two years and yet I waited so long to try this place -- I am dumb! It is a really nice place with interesting and tasty dishes. 
We were seated in the solarium area which I must say is one of the nicest spots I've eaten in. Just nice to be tucked in A/C but still feel like you are eating outside. The lighting was great and the noise level was perfect too. The music was really good oldies...mamas and papas and that sort of stuff :).
GET THE SZECHUAN DUCK SPRING ROLLS. They are amazing!
My friend and I ordered London Burgers and they were pretty damn good. I got mine with Boursin and Peppers and it was overall fantastic. I don't remember what my friend ordered but he seemed to adore his burger. The fries were alright, a bit too salty for me, but he liked them a lot and finished mine along with his!
The service was pretty bad. I really felt like I had to flag the waiter down the entire time. It would be five stars if not for the waiter.We stopped by here for a quick snack before going for a tour of Eastern State Penitentiary. The draft list is awesome. They have such a good selection of different beers! Bonus? They had a passion fruit mead on tap when we were there! We also grabbed an order of fries. Oh my. They were some of the best fries I've ever had. Don't forget the dipping sauces for those perfect potato sticks either-- the blue cheese sauce was yummy but I could have eaten the spicy mayo with a spoon- it was that good!Feeling slightly generous at the moment, but this really is a 2.5 star review. London Grille is a casual bar/restaurant with an older, quaint feel. It's decorated with frogs, which was very cute and different. My friends and I came during happy hour and the bar was packed, so we sat in the dining area. 
Happy hour specials were decent, and I noticed that they have a pretty extensive wine list. I ended up ordering a Chardonnay for $5-- can't complain about that. Other people in our group enjoyed Yuenglings and well drinks for $4.
Food-wise, I was not impressed. I ordered the Korean Fried Chicken ($13), along with a side of fries ($3) after being told that my dish would be on the smaller side. The Korean Fried Chicken was ultimately soggy popcorn chicken, drizzled in salty, chili sauce and sprinkled with sesame seeds. It tasted about as good as it sounds...So despite being a smaller dish, there was a lot of chicken left by the end of the dinner. Definitely avoid this item. On the other hand, the french fries were pretty tasty!-- crispy and well seasoned. 
My friends seemed to enjoy their food, so maybe I just got unlucky with my selection. The food took a little longer to prepare than expected, but service was quick and friendly otherwise. With so many other restaurant options available in Philly, I honestly don't think I would go out of my way to return.Very nice establishment with pleasant food and EXCELLENT service. This is the kind of place that I would go to just to have apps, a drink and listen to the music just so I could experience the service. Warm, friendly no frills servers with genuine smiles and intentions. The food was pleasant and quite edible. We had a special which included seafood over a nice risotto and the ribeye from the menu. The ribeye, although prepared well, lacked the quality of other comparable restaurants, but still good for a ribeye at an affordable price. Overall, a nice meal complimented by some AWESOME service. We shall return.In a City of full of  insatiable foodies, ruthless critics, and 'hood after 'hood of too-cool-for-school eateries, all vying for fame, the London Grill has certainly slipped off the wagon.
No AC and it's 90+ degrees out?! There were fans all over blowing around the musty air.  All the poor servers were literally dripping in sweat, trying their best to accommodate an obviously unimpressed audience.  I felt bad they were forced to work under these conditions.  I didn't even want to imagine what the cooks looked like.  Needless to say my appetite was small, all things considered,  and I steered clear of the meat.  We were even told to avoid certain best sellers on the menu (ie: Lamb Sandwich) because the roasts were over cooked that day, and it wasn't going to be their best show.  Good to know....
They tried to seat our party of 8 in a room off the 'green house' before we questioned the heat so much that they prepared a table for us one floor down in a half furnished room that hadn't seen life since.... Eastern State Penitentiary had vacancies?  Just an observation.
Oh, the food? Honestly mediocre. The Cesar was good. 
It's been years since I've been here, and I don't put the blame for this on anyone other than owners/mgmt.  I just couldn't stop the word "dive" from scrolling through my brain.  Get it together, London Grill!Decent food/pub to stop by after exploring Eastern State next door.
We came here because we were famished and in need of food.  They have a solid happy hour as well as a basic bar food menu if you're not looking for anything heavy.  Their beer menu is pretty intense and they have a lot to offer.  For food we decided to go with mini fish and chips.  The fish was good and HOT and the fries were addicting.  We also split an order of nachos and salsa.  The chips were meh but the salsa was nice and fresh.  Their menu also offers tons of varieties when it comes to vegetables.  They had fried brussel sprouts but we didn't try those.  Overall, a good place if you're in the area and you're hungry.  Service was friendly.This place is amazing! The atmosphere is very chill and cozy. Our server Jonathan was super friendly and attentive. They have a wide selection of beers/liquor and the food is great. It's definitely one of my favorite places in the neighborhood.the food was delicious..service great..and the place is lovely.
would highly recommend the restaurant..It was Valentine's Day..but the service and food were still perfect.I enjoy the beer selection, beet salad and calamari. Not in love with the food over all. This is a good place if you're looking for a few beers and an appetizer or two...wouldn't suggest the burger- its served on an english muffin- its just mediocre.
With that said...its a great place to watch soccer games.Few of my friends ended up visiting this place because of the bar.  We got outdoor seating almost immediately which was really nice on a hot summer day.  We ordered three flights of beers, which was all the drafts they had.  It was amazing.  We did our own beer tasting event.  I ended up ordering the side order of Mac and Cheese, which was amazing. First of all, the side is almost the size of an entree.  It had the perfect consistency of cheese and butter.  I would go back just for the Mac and Cheese.Always trying to live up to my "+1 extraordinaire" role, I was Mikey I.'s +1 to his official Uwishunu review of London Grill.  Dimly lit inside, the place tied together almost perfectly the feeling of neighborhood bar and nice restaurant. We both got the customer appreciation 'surf & turf' special ($19 for the meal); Mikey got filet, I got lobster. The special includes a starter salad, entree, and delicious chocolate mousse dessert, and they have $5 glasses of wine to pair with your meal.  All in all it was great food, EXCELLENT service, and a nice atmosphere.I really like London for the location and the bar, though I'm challenged by their menu,  and sometimes inconsistent schedule as a result of special catering events.After walking by this restaurant since May, I finally made it inside for dinner. The inside doesn't evoke the same excitement as the badass neon sign outside. The food seemed to be more expensive than it should have been, and I didn't like how dark it was inside, even in the window seating area. The fries were pretty great, but my buffalo wings weren't super pleasant with the addition of cheese in the sauce. This place was just eh.I may or may not be at London grill 3 times a week minimum. I stumbled across this gem when I first moved to Fairmont 3 years ago. The food was really good I highly recommend the burger it is excellent. The brunch is really good as well. When London opened Paris next door and brought in draft wine, my bank account took a turn for the worst! The merlot is unbelievable and highly recommended to try!Home away from home. Service is always great, whether I'm there with one or two other people or manage to drum up a whole party. The bartenders and servers always add that extra step (such as placing a kitchen order 5 minutes before the kitchen closes) that makes it feel like I'm not just some other customer they're trying to gleam a couple dollars in tips from.
For bar food, nachos are where it's at. They're a great price for a huge pile of molten cheese, salsa and sour cream. I was skeptical about a burger being served on an English muffin, but it actually came out as something pretty unique and quite tasty. I work nights, but I've been meaning for a long time to come in and actually sit down for dinner.
Don't roll in expecting a sports bar when you see their big flat screens on the walls. Don't expect the same kind of service you'd get at a TGIF either. The drinks, food and service are always worth it.Service was a little slow but building was cool, the drinks great and my fried chicken sandwich was literally the perfect bite.I wandered into this place while doing some sight seeing in the area. It was a random Thursday afternoon but the place was pretty full. Even though they seemed overwhelmed, the staff was friendly and helpful. The food was good, nothing special. The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was cute. :)Came here because it was the only place serving good on a late Saturday night. To my surprise there was a live jazz duo playing in a back room. The wait staff were pleasant and informative about the London grill with out being too annoying. The bar was crowded but service was speedy and polite. London grill is definitely a spot in fairmont to go to eat and hang out late night.What an incredibly odd & eclectic menu.  Food was pretty good and the wine/liquor selection is good too.  Nice atmosphere, even if it's a little loud.I used to really love this place as a neighborhood staple, but after a string of recent bad experiences it seems that the service is really not what it used to be. 
Two bad experiences in particular stick out. First, a weekend brunch where my table was forgotten entirely for almost half an hour. We were just about to leave without ordering when I overheard two waiters asking each other which one of them was responsible for our table. One came over in a panic and asked if we'd been served yet. When we complained about the wait, the server was very apologetic and offered us a round of free drinks. This helped, but I was still kind of annoyed because they weren't particularly busy at the time (several empty tables around us). 
Then a dinner a month or two later,  when we made a reservation and still had to wait about 20 minutes. We actually ended up waiting even longer than that because they wanted to seat us directly next to the bar area, where there was a big crowd making a lot of noise thanks to some bar crawl going on, so we asked to wait for a better seat. But that wasn't really their fault- I just wish the bar was better separated from the restaurant. During our meal, the waitress knocked over my water glass and sloshed my soup onto the table. She cleaned it up, but did not offer to bring a new bowl. I was also given the wrong drink order and my dining companion was served the wrong entree. Our server aplogized for all these mistakes, but she seemed generally distracted throughout the entire meal. 
Everybody has "off" days, but it seems like London Grill has an off day every time I go.Well, I've been there for breakfast with their Bloody Mary bar and it was good. The food was great but the Bloody Mary bar has spice girl figures on it which i don't understand. Tonight, I went to the bar and ordered a Bloody Mary. It was white. That's right. It has so much horseradish in it that it was white and not red and they served it that way. It wasn't drinkable sadly.One of my favorite little places to go for lunch! I love their London burger! It's always amazing, and the fries are great! It's never crowded when we go, and it's a nice atmosphere. We often end up conversing with other customers, and the bartender. I also love that they have cream soda! Definitely would recommend!I was a little hesitant to go to this place when I saw the review (3 stars) but I am glad I tried it out. We ended up getting 6 appetizers and sharing the plates tapas-style between 5 people. I HIGHLY recommend the cheese & meat plate (large), the risotto, tuna tartare & apple-Bailey's bread pudding. Great mixture of American & European cuisine.We used to live in this neighborhood and loved stopping here for brunch, lunch and happy hour! The staff is always so nice and accommodating. The food is delicious and sitting outside in the summer is wonderful.The brunch is amazing! Fried chicken & Biscuit - GET THAT SHIT!!! 
Also duck rolls were amazing too...I'm really shocked how good they were at an American bar. They've put some kind of American twist to it but I LIKE it. 
Bonus - the bartender looks and sounds like Chelsea Handler.The other night I decided to give London another try.  My decision is made.  The service is consistently below par and the food is inconsistent. If you are in the mood for an expensive burger you found your place (but for a good burger a block away try Rembrandt's).  If you are in the mood for a nice meal, receiving what you ordered, or food and drink in a timely fashion I highly suggest trying the other restaurants in Fairmount (Illuminare, Rembrandts, Zorba's).Maybe we just ordered the wrong things off the menu, but I've certainly had better food elsewhere. My roasted lamb sandwich on olive bread was certainly nothing to write home about, although the fries that came with it weren't bad. The olive bread, which sounded like a great idea, was oddly flat tasting with no olive flavor or saltiness at all.  My dining companion's shrimp and grits were indifferent. I had one bite and didn't ask for another, and yes, we've lived in the deep south and had shrimp and grits before.  We both agreed that while we might possibly (not really likely, though) come here again after a morning at the art museum, we wouldn't order these items. 
To be fair, the service was prompt and friendly., There was a dog sitting at a table outside with its owners, but I can't speak to the bowl of water being offered. The bloody Mary bar appeared to be extensive, but we did not partake of it. The complimentary small plate of fruit with two thin slices of quick bread was a nice touch. The other meals we saw served looked appetizing, but as I said in the beginning, perhaps we just made the wrong choices.There's nothing quite like the meal you eat after a night out of drinking. Your alcohol induced state brings your taste buds to certain a level of "OMG" when anything edible touches your lips that you could probably eat a deep fried shoe and it would taste like a filet mignon. After a Halloween party, I was craving something fried and delicious, preferably from a diner with bad lighting and waitresses with thick Philadelphia accents and white Easy Spirit shoes. Instead, my friend suggested going to London Grill in the Fairmount section of the city. He was talking up this amazing burger on an English muffin with..... a fried egg on top. Well, that sold me!
So we headed on over to London Grill, which just won best burger in Philly in the first-ever city wide 'Burger Brawl'. I was worried and excited at the same time. Would it be able to measure up to my standards? Would this be it? Would I finally find the best burger in Philly?
The answer is both yes and no.
Yes, the burger was amazing. I got mine topped with avocado, fried onions and boursin cheese. Cooked perfectly medium: Juicy, moist and delicious - everything I could ever ask for! The toasted English muffin reminded me of a home-grilled burger; no pretentious brioche buns here! (They forgot the fried egg, sadly, but I couldn't complain.) And with crispy, handcut fries on the side, the London Burger was a steal at $11. 
They've also got a great beer selection - including having LOVE STOUT on tap (aka My fav!)I have not been here in a long time and decided to go the other day. The beer and burger were good. Bartender daytime service was good and friendly. I must say some bartenders act like they could not care if you were there or not. At least she was friendly and sociable good for her.Just went to London grill. The drinks menu is extensive and it has been done up really well.
We ordered a variety of dishes.. but no one really thought theirs was anythng great (and at close to 30 bucks a head.. for just an entree not cheap as well). I ordered a steak which was cooked way more than a medium rare and burnt as well.
Service was poor.. our waiter did not smile even once at us. Its sad because with the warm interiors I really wanted to like London Grill, and make it a place to go for wine and a nice meal. 
Anyway, if LG wants to be known as just a place with a good bar, it should serve more bar food instead of aiming to serve good steaks and lobsters.To start, let me mention that I'm only reviewing the bar and the late night menu.  I've heard great things about the restaurant, but I've never eaten lunch or dinner there.
Main point: This is one of my two favorite bars in Fairmount.  A laid-back establishment, London gets my vote because they offer a decent choice of local craft beer alongside imports and the occasional cask.  With regular specials including $3 drafts on Monday, it's a place to visit often.
In detail: As a small, neighborhood joint, the London is a close tie for my Fairrmount favorite.  Because of it's size, the cozy feeling it generates, and the awesome staff, it's much more welcoming than other local bars.  Although it can get crowded at times (the World Series was the most packed I had ever seen), it's still a relaxed place even with every seat taken.
Most nights offer a special deal, the best being $3 drafts on Monday, and $3 local brews on Tuesday and Wednesday (Stoudt's and Flying Fish) - although the later two deals may have changed as the Sunday Belgian deal has.  While you'll occasionally see cheaper draft nights at other bars, you won't be getting the same import and craft local beers.
With most grills, the vegetarian options are few.  I've had the vegetarian dishes available, and the nachos are pretty damn good for not specializing in Mexican cuisine.  Other options include salads and an eggplant Parmesan sandwich.
The only thing I would like to see change is a more frequent rotation of the draft beers - perhaps more casks or special additions.  Lack of local/regional brews is a deal-breaker for me, and London does not disappoint with this requirement of mine.  Usual locals include Yards, Philadelphia Brewing Co., Flying Fish, and Stoudt's.
Great food, great beer, and great atmosphere make the London a can't-miss for awesome specials and and a laid-back experience.We entered through the long bar and cafe, before entering you will pass through closely knit tables and planters on the sidewalk and a very narrow walk through. The bar was empty when we went for brunch, with plenty of bar stools and high topped tables lining the window.
We opted to sit in one of the dining rooms, which was more like an enclosed sun room and we welcomed the warmth shining in on us. Both dining rooms were filling up quickly and by the time we left the cafe and bar was doing a nice business.
Michael ordered a coke and I thought I would be cute and help myself to their amazing bloody mary bar! Be very careful of that London mix! Way too much London mix and not enough tomato juice and ye gads, for every sip I took I drank one half glass of water!
I was torn between the brisket hash with poached eggs or the fish and chips, but was quickly informed they were out of the hash. We started with the soup of the day which was a cream of potato soup, which I knew was either burned or old or both when I first saw it, as it was not a creamy white but a very distinct tan in color. I had one bite, hubs thought it was okay and decided to finish it.
A fresh fruit salad is served complimentary to each table which was a pleasant surprise. Michael ordered the eggs benedict which can also be ordered eggs Florentine. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the ham was nice and thick with a beautifully made hollandaise sauce. He had asked for them to add onions and peppers to his home fries and they were happy to oblige. He was thrilled with his order and raved over the home fries in particular. As a side he ordered bacon and their bacon is not wonderful, it was thin and very soft.
I loved their hand cut fries and you get enough to feed an army! Three pieces of fish topped my huge plate of fries, the breading was way too thick and not cooked on the inside, even though the fish was cooked perfectly throughout. I ate half of one piece and decided to concentrate on the fries, bringing the fish home to reheat in the oven until the breading was cooked. I like a good crunchy fish and this was certainly not the best I've ever had.
There is one restroom at the top of a very steep and very dirty flight of stairs, I don't think the carpets had been swept in quite some time, the restroom was clean.
I must compliment the staff, I have not witnessed such great teamwork in a long time. It did not matter if it was your section or your table, whoever was in the area cleared your plates as needed, refilled drinks, brought out food, the service was friendly and spot on!I used to like London. But now I can't deal with it. 
The second to last time we came here, I had the most sickeningly salty, flavorless gnocchi on earth. The last time, we got up and left since the menu looked grossly overpriced and our meemaw waitress was talking to me like I was mentally ill. We got up and left and went to Rembrandt's and enjoyed a reasonably priced meal. 
Fairmount could use some more easy-going establishments. Seriously.
I'm giving it two stars because up until sometime around September 2009, the food and service was decent.There are no words to describe our experience at this place.  When we first moved to Fairmount 3 years ago, I had went to London on 2 seperate occasions for brunch, and was disappointed, so out of the blue decided to give it another chance with dinner.  Bad idea.  After looking at the menu (which looked promising), we decided on both 3-course specials - carrot soup, tomatoe soup, branzino, braised shortrib on the bone.  The best part of this meal was my beer and the carrot soup (however it took 35 minutes to get the soup b/c our order sheet fell down behind some pans!  Wouldn't you as a waiter notice your guests haven't received their app and look into it...especially when your restaurant isn't even busy?).  My fiances fish dish was greasy and unedible.  My braised shortrib, which should be falling off the bone if cooked correctly, could  barely be cut off w/ the butter knife I was given and there were only 2 edible pieces because the rest was fatty.  When the waiter came to get our dishes and asked how the meal was, I had to say 'not so good'  All he could do was apologize and looked ashamed, like this was a regular occurance.  after this, we asked for our desert to go b/c neither of us wanted to stay there any longer.  When we got home, the brownie was barely cooked.  Needless to say, we will not be going back here again.  This place has potential, but they need to change chefs, change decor and then MAYBE they'd get our business again.Came here for brunch and will not be back. The drinks were fantastic (bloody mary bar, mimosas, etc.), but the food was mediocre (flavorless and unimaginative) and the kitchen and service was incredibly slow. 3.5 hours for brunch? I'd rather not.I am only giving this place 3 stars because we had a really great server.  We stopped in during the Bastille Day festivities and had appetizers and drinks.  Our Lillet Rose Sangria was great and was the highlight of our experience.  I had the beet salad and my friend had the roasted tomato salad.  Both dishes were just so-so.  My beets seemed to be straight out of a can, definitely did not seem fresh.This is the second time the service at this place has made me swear that I will not return to London Grill.  I broke that promise to myself a few weeks ago because the last time we were there, because the grilled octopus and potato pizza were so good that I thought I could deal with some mediocre service.  But when we went, not only was the service abysmal but the food was bad too.  Not even mediocre--bad.  
The grilled octopus was burnt, not grilled, and was COLD not room temperature by the time it got to us.  It was beyond chewy, it verged on tooth breaking.  The pizza, which I thought no one could really mess up, was just plain not good.  Instead of slices of potato, there was chunks of potato.  Like they were taken from the same pile that they use for mashed potatoes.  
And the service.  We sat outside and it took a LONG time for someone to help us.  In fact, we had to flag down a bus girl to ask if we could get menus.  And we had to get a set of utensils and napkins from the waitstation ourselves.  The beers were warm when we got them and rather than wait for our vanishing waitress to come back and get us new ones, my boyfriend went inside and got a new one from the bar.  The bartender commented, Yeah, they were sitting on the bar for a WHILE.  This was the theme of our meal.  Disappearing waitress, cold food, angry diners.  
And as we walked to the car, we passed the happy diners at Zorbas and I really mean it this time.  I'm not going back to this restaurant.  And I'm telling anyone who will listen not to go here either.  
There's better places for beer and better places for food (and even some with outside seating) and much better waitstaff in Fairmount.  Beat it London Grill.this update isn't a positive one. 
most things remained the same, except the service got crappy -- as in I had to wait five minutes to find a server to flag down so i could get a fork to eat my dinner with and my dinner-mate got the wrong entree.
and the food got crappy too. everything was bathed, nay, drenched, in oils. and my beloved cheese gnudi were smaller than i remembered and very much overly salty. i have to say, i was pretty disappointed. 
in my mind, london grill is now a meh or miss.I have been here for dinner, happy hour, drinks, and brunch and I have never been that pleased.  Service is always okay.. sometimes better than others.   The happy hour martinis are poorly made but some of the beers are a deal.  The do have a nice beer and wine selection though.  Their bloody mary bar at brunch is fun but not worth the money in my opinion.  The food is good though.The food is great and the menu has a lot of unique items.  The view of Eastern State Penitentiary from the side windows is pretty cool.So, I've decided this place is hit or miss.  Some of their items are great!  I really enjoyed the beet salad.  They have excellent calamari that is lightly fried with along with sweet and hot peppers and a sweet and spicy sauce.  They also had a steak salad with spinach, fried oysters, and roasted potatoes that I loved!  But, alas, it's no longer on the menu.  That's the catch 22 with this place.  Their menu is seasonal which means things are fresher, but it changes frequently so your new favorite dish may not be there next week. They also run out of things sometimes.  Last night I went to dinner with my mother.  The waitress informed us they were out of calamari, the lobster burger and the lobster roll as well as some other bar menu items. (How do you run out of lobster items when it's lobster week?!?!)  I ordered the lobster bake (on of the few lobster items they had left) which was nothing to write home about.  My mom had the cubano sandwich which was supposed to have pulled pork and ham but seemed to be missing the pulled pork last night.  On a positive note, London, does have a nice bar with a good selection of beer and alcohol and it's nice to sit in the solarium area for dinner or brunch and people watch.  All in all, I haven't given up on this place.  I live in the neighborhood and it's very convenient, but with all the new places popping up in Fairmount, they're gonna have to be more consistent.I loved the location by the penetentiary and the fact that they had outdoor seating, BUT the food was very disappointing. It was just lacking. I tried the grilled octopus salad which was over grilled and chewy.  I also had a slice of the potato pizza which I thought was bland as anything. 
Other than that, the wait was for food was very long, but since it was a fairly nice day out i didn't mind.Love this place! Being a just a few blocks away from home this is a regular part of our 'special meals'  places. Wld always suggest make a reservation before hand coz it always is packed!! Food is delightful. Even though i'm a vegetarian it still offers me delicious options! Deserts are pretty stunning too. Bar scene looks great fun too! Must try if in the area!I just got back from my first brunch, and first dining experience, at London Grill, and I definitely won't be going back. It's Philly Marathon weekend, and a group of us went in to eat after the race. We'd made reservations, but when I arrived, the hostess was rude and almost made it feel like I was inconveniencing her by asking to be seated. I'm pretty tolertant, having been in the business a while, but man, she was just plain rude. Strike one.
They had us in a sort of private room, which was nice, but holy cow, it had to be about 90ยบ in there. It was incredibly uncomfortable, but not a huge problem. The hostess, still rude, kept reminding us how busy they were and how glad she was we were being patient with her in possibly the most insincere tone humanly possible. I don't remember any of us having expressed dissatisfaction with the wait or the service at that point, so not sure why she felt the need to remind us they were busy.
We had three ladies, rude hostess included, waiting on our party, and we admittedly weren't an easy party to handle with folks coming and going as the race was ending. But it took 30 minutes to have our order taken. I ordered a hot cider, which was $4, and it was obviously from a mix. Seriously?! It took another hour for the food to arrive. I ordered the poached eggs, and they were completely tasteless. The polenta tasted like it hadn't been seasoned at all. Also, they arrived completely cold. All five of us who received food at that time noted how cold the food was, but we didn't want to send it back because it took an hour to arrive in the first place. Strike two.
When it came time to pay, several of us were pretty antsy, and it took half an hour for us to get the check after we asked for it. Then, it took another 15-20 minutes for us to get it back. And of course, an 18% gratuity had been added, which I didn't want to pay. Tips should be earned, period. Strike three.
I left angry I'd paid $26 for apple-flavored sugar water and cold, flavorless eggs, and that the entire process took three hours. I'm giving them two stars instead of one because the food was edible...mostly.The brunch food is somewhere between ok and good, but not spectacular. The wins here are:
- The do it yourself Bloody Mary bar.
- The big windows and the people watching.
- Good for Groups.
- Friendly staff.
For a Philadelphia joint, it seemed overpriced for the portions.Went for drinks with my little sister, pretty good and the bartender was super nice.  I don't remember prices being particularly bad but then again, I don't remember much.Haven't been here in years & won't return in this lifetime. Stale smokey retread from years ago with the worst Lipton onion soup muscles I ever tasted. Served with grocery store bread. A beet salad served with watermelon cubes & bad bottled tarragon dressing. The beer was good & the grilled calamari surprisingly good. How this came to $85/2 people with one beer a piece I'll never know.Meatball sliders shared by three of us were delicious. We all had the chicken & Brie sandwich. Came out quick and everything was perfect including the service. They also offered us their WiFi so we could do a working lunch!The London Grill Two Beer Lunch: 
2 pints Yards Pale Ale 
1 medium rare burger with caramelized onions and blue cheese 
splash of bar talk and women's tennis/SportsCenter
Combine ingredients in a corner location with outdoor seating and plenty of character during lunch time (11:30 - 2:30). Serves one.The gf and I stopped by London Grill the other day for a cocktail before heading out to an early evening show.
While there is nothing particularly remarkable about this spot, I did enjoy a good cocktail that wasn't too unreasonably priced and our service was fine despite previous reviews noting it as lacking.
We didn't have an opportunity to try the food, but I suspect I will be spending more time in the fairmount area and I will make it a point to get back here before too long to give them a proper try.London is really a 3.5 in my mind. The service is slooooow, as others have mentioned. But I haven't had a bad meal here so far. 
The beet salad is probably my favorite dish, the roasted beet is very tender, but not mushy, and pairs well with the cheese and nuts. I have also had the eggplant and tomato soup, which was a bit spicy, but the creamy goat cheese mellowed it out. Their burgers are good, but the english muffin makes them a bit hard to manage. Fries remind me of the ones from vendors on beaches in New England.
Last time I was here, nothing from the beer list sounded appealing, so I got a warm apple cider with applejack. It tasted a bit watered down and it didn't have any affect on me (and I'm, like, a half-drink-drunk, so that really says something).
So I'll add this restaurant to the pile of just okay places in my hood.I don't typically consider myself a fan of restaurants that serve American food but this place impressed me. I had gone a few times for their hot cider with a vanilla liqueur (holy hell, amazing!) but never had the food. A couple of months ago, we went for dinner and used a BOGO coupon with the Entertainment book. I had the risotto ($9) that had squash, pecorino and speck. So freaking good. My husband really loved his food, too. The staff was attentive and we really enjoyed our meal. With American style food, I often have a hard time finding something I like. But their menu was full of dishes that I wanted to order all at the same time!This was an interesting find that I found through Groupon.  I spent 2 years in London so I was intrigued by the name.  Since Groupon was offering a great discount deal, my bf and I decided to try it on a Friday night.  It has an interesting ambience...it doesn't feel like a pub but the dining area is very different from the bar area with plenty of room in both.  The bar advertises a lot of sports viewing events which is not really my scene.  There were plenty of people hanging out drinking when we arrived but not overly crowded.  We were seated promptly and our waiter was very nice.  We decided on a table next to the window.  There were a few other parties, but again, pretty quiet on a weekend night.
The food was forgettable.  The most interesting thing was the Cheese & Charcuterie Plate.  Nothing on it compared to my favorite cheese appetizer at Amada but the whole thing is on what looks like an artist's palette, which looks very cool.  My sirloin was tough and not very juicy.  By the end of the meal, we were pretty certain we won't be back.I finally got around to having a meal here with some friends this past weekend. I must say I wasn't impressed with the food. The perogies were the only thing we had that I enjoyed. The ricotta  "schmear" smothered the toasted bagette slice so much that the bread tasted soggy and stale. It was way too much. I sampled my friend's potato pizza and it was so disappointing. I highly anticpated this since I love potatoes so much but the truffle oil overpowered instead of highlighting the dish.
My friend's brussel spouts smelled like feet- this made my experience even more miserable. I really thought someone took off their shoes ( I know , I know, they're supposed to smell like that- they could have toned them down somehow though!)
I have always enjoyed the bar and the selection of beers they have and would return again for that anyday but I think I'll skip the dining experience.I stopped by here and had their mac and cheese dish; it was delicious! Also their blondie brownie desserts (they have a chocolate version as well) were awesome and even better, it's homemade! Also goes great with a German sour beer (El Gose). Also this is where I found my love for German sour beers! 
Cant wait to bring my mum by when she visits! Also it is perfect for sitting outside on a cool day :-)The drinks are really good but the food is mediocre at best. I got the fried chicken sandwich ( bread was burnt) and my boyfriend got the chips and fish ( the fish had no flavor). I would go back for the drinks.I love this place, everytime I go there it's a good time.  The food is pretty good, when I ate meat it was one of my favorite burgers.  My girl Kelley works the bar, and she is one of the friendliest bartenders I have ever met. I can't wait to go there againI came here after the lunch rush, around 2/2:30pm on a weekday for a late lunch. The service was decent and the food was pretty good. I had the grilled chicken and brie sandwich. It was messy, but I ate all of it. A couple of downfalls: when I used the restroom, there wasn't any soap (ewww) and when I told the host about it, he just shrugged it off. C'mon man! Also, I ordered a soft drink, which is usually rare for me to order anything but water, and I was charged an exorbitant amount for each drink. A soda was pretty darn expensive and not worth it. All in all, I might give this place another shot, and just stick to water. Or beer.We've lived within walking distance for over a year, and surprisingly, last night was our first London experience.  I waited all night for something to knock this down from five stars, but I couldn't fault a single thing.  
We snagged great window seats at the bar, our service from Kelly was fantastic and fun all night, and the food was far better than I expected.  I had never heard of a duck hot dog, but seeing as I love duck we ordered it as an appetizer.  It was really interesting, had a lot of flavor, and the homemade relish was excellent.  Also, I really enjoyed the fries and they were not oily.  
We both ordered the burger with boursin cheese, caramelized onions and bacon.  We are admittedly picky burger snobs and love to test restaurants on how well they can handle a Pittsburgh Rare request.  Low and behold....London nailed it!  For me, this is a tie for the best burger we've had in PHL with the Oyster House.  Since we had fries with the hot dog, Kelly let us sub out for a salad.  I really liked the house salad and it was substantial in size.  
The beer list has a wide range:  everything from lousy domestic to usual suspects to odd crafts.  Also, I noticed a lot of duck on the menu, which intrigues me.  After SPTR really pissed me off a few months ago and I vowed to never go back to my favorite bar, London may very well become the new go-to spot for us.The English muffin burger was good, but as I was waiting for my check, a mouse scurried across the floor. When I said something to the waiter, he was indifferent and only said "ok"Went late during the week, kitchen still open half past midnight. dark and woody, but not that dark and woody. you feel like you're in the wide open and the drinks are a bit expensive. that's a couple of turnoffs for me. the bartender was very nice and personable. not a dive, no way. more for an older or sophistacated crowd, or for people who shop at malls. 
i was expecting more of dive/pub atmosphere.
the restaurant half looked nice, lots of rooms, a complex nearly.Went to dinner last night and was unfortunately not very impressed with the food here. We started out with the arugula salad, which was the best thing we ate. Moving onto our main courses - I ordered the grilled chicken and Brie sandwich. Careful if you don't like horseradish!! The honey mustard is chalked full of it. I was a little disappointed for not being warned. My gf ordered the London burger. The toppings were great. The burger meat tasted more like meat loaf to me. She ordered it medium and of course, my biggest gripe, came out well. Also had the side of baked mac and cheese - nothing special. Bummer!I have been here several times because the location is so convenient but I am thoroughly disappointed. My other visits have been mediocre but this last Friday was it. My burger (which is supposed to be one of London's safe standby choices) was the pits. Gray meat, overcooked, blahness. The boursin cheese and caramelized onions couldn't cover up the bad taste. I had to use ketchup for that. Even though I ate half of it because I was famished, I would have sent it back had time/my stomach permitted it. 
If I have to visit again in the future, I will strictly stick to beer and nachos- that's it!I've been here a few times for both brunch and dinner. They had a great selection of beers, specialty cocktails, and wines. Their make-your-own-bloody-mary bar is an awesome addition to brunch. Service is always spot on and the food is delicious. It's a great neighborhood spot for a nice meal!London Grill is one of my favorite bars, and it isn't just because it was the location of my first date with my husband!  It is an all-around good place, where you can go on a first date, or catch happy hour after work, or bring your parents for brunch. You can't go wrong here!  The bartenders and wait staff are friendly, food comes out quickly, and they have a good variety of dishes.
London Grill is the ultimate neighborhood bar.  Some of the people at the bar are always there and the bartenders seem to know everyone.  The food is consistently good.  We usually go here for happy hour because they have a great selection of beers for $3 and the small plates are a decent size. They also have happy hour on Saturday afternoons 3-5 and Sunday evenings 9-11 (just drink specials).  Sweet!  
The meatballs are excellent! Now that I am vegetarian, I am really going to miss them.... and the duck spring rolls, yum!  
It is a great place to sit outside when the weather is nice.  You can order a bucket of Coronas and hang out overlooking Fairmount Ave and the prison.  Brunch is also excellent - especially the bloody mary bar!I ordered the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict and was pretty disappointed - the English muffins were overtoasted and hard, the salmon was skimpy, and I'm not even sure Hollandaise sauce was even present.  Other things people ordered looked more appealing, so I could be persuaded to return, but it won't be for Eggs Benedict.This is a great neighborhood-y grill where they have a prix fixe menu for $30. You get 4 courses starting with a seared sea scallop, an iceburg wedge salad (w/ blue cheese and tomatos), a 3 to 4 oz portion of hangar steak with french fries and creme brulee for dessert. My boyfriend was stuffed full and couldn't finish his whole meal!
I had the duck spring rolls and a horseradish crusted salmon cooked to temperature. I really loved the salmon. I was totally stuffed but I still managed to gulp down a moist chocolate brownie served with mint ice cream and caramel sauce. The ice cream was so tasty that I ordered more.
With 3 beers and 2 shirley temples, and a glass of muscat... the total bill came out to $102 for the both of us. It might be a little pricey to come down here on a regular basis but... I totally had a good meal and would order all of it again. Our server was a bit nervous and inexperienced but she made up for that with a sweet disposition.
It's a great place for parties of 4 to 6 people. It's warm, cheery, and in the cute neighborhood of Fairmount. There's a paid parking lot across the street but if you're lucky, you might find street parking.Went there on the Fourth of July, and the waitress made us feel like we were nothing but an annoyance (we were not even drinking, and were courteous). It's not my fault you have to work on the Fourth of July. She unenthusiastically brought us our mac and cheese, which I believe came from a box. Food is mediocre.The beer and atmosphere carry London when their food is pretty good but pricey. They always have interesting, local beers and often have 'cask' beer available. They have a great little bar and I have spent many a night there hanging with friends, very chill. As for the food, it's pricey for a neighborhood bar/restaurant - the nachos and potato pizza are both good.Eh, this restaurant is ok.  I want to like it because it's in my neighborhood and the prices are reasonable but I never get really wowed by the food or service.  The food is just so so.  I've never tried the brunch service/food so that might be better.Good for an under $10 lunch salad and after works snacks with drinks.(Gourmet) Chicken Nacho's are the bomb!  I love them, they are like nacho's but a little foofier, they are pretty clean, as in your fingers are not covered in stuff when you eat them, and everything is very fresh and has a purpose great.
I've had some pretty good service, and some really rude and crappy service, so who know what you'll get. 
The beer selection is not bad either, they usually have 1 or 2 that I really like.After advice from someone who went the evening prior, we stopped in to try the gnocchi special. I have to say, we unanimously agreed it was truly the best gnocchi we have ever had! Can't vouch for anything else they serve, but they did say they make all of their pasta! Yum!!!I came here because I had some time to kill before a hair appointment at the Beehive down the street.  I decided I had just enough time to casually nurse a nice beer or glass of wine while reading my book.  When I got in, I took a seat at the bar, which was about half-full.  
I decided on what I wanted, then I waited. And waited.  I kept looking over at the bartender at the other end of the bar, who was deep in conversation with a waiter there.  Every once in a while, she would refill the drink of some dude-bros who seemed to be regulars, and ignore me.  I'm not really the type to shout across a bar "HEY LADY!", so I politely waited until I could catch her eye.  Mind you, this is around 6 on a weekday, not exactly peak hours.  
She eventually saw me and gave me my drink for free, but at that point I had about five minutes to guzzle my beer before my appointment.  Even with the free drink, it left a bad taste in my mouth and I don't think I'll be back.this was the worst meal ive ever had. my girlfriend ordered a hot dog that was cold and had to be sent back. i ordered the cubano and it was just awful. loaded with mustard, terrible ham and pork....i would not recommend this place to anyoneReview for Brunch-
I am not a big fan of brunches because I dont like sweets as entrees, and lets be real- I can fry my own egg at home!! So I was pretty excited when I saw the brunch menu which included korean fried chicken and burmese braised pork bellie with soy sauced egg. My kind of breakfast!! My friend (party of 6) also ordered the pork bellie and we were both super disappointed. The dish was drenched in sauce, making it so salty that it was impossible to eat...I mean, I ate everything, but I am abnormal and NEVER waste food. I am 100% positive that a normal person would be unable to tolerate the saltiness. My other friend ordered the pancakes and he said it was so-so. 
On the positive note, the restaurant has an amazing bloodymary selection where you can create your own bloodymary mix. So if you are in the mood to experiment what other flavors compliment tobasco sauce - go for it!Was in London Grill for the first time with my GF Saturday and had a late lunch.  I had heard different things about this place but to my surprise was very happy about going.  The food was lacking in the diversity area, but our server, I think his name was Scott, provided great personal favorites.  We were thrilled with how well the food was cooked and the presentation of it.  Some minor issues with the beer, seemed to have some what of a funny taste to the pumpkin beer.  Overall I give this place 4 stars, it might have been 3 but the service was great and he was very informative and made us feel very comfortable.  Will definitely be back for the food and the service!Came back again with high expectations but very disappointing. Will not be back. Bloody Mary bar is still nice but the veggies (pickles, pickled carrots, olives) all seemed old and as though they'd been sitting out too long. I ordered a specific vodka off the menu hat was clearly $7 and was charged $8. Minor but annoying and wrong. Server tried to sell me on an infusion which was more $$ .. No thanks. Service was friendly but soooo slowwwwwww. Ordered fried pickles, the only fried food I'll indulge in.... Complete disappointment. Pickle slices were massive, poorly cut, different sizes, all too thick. It became pickle mushiness  inside the fried breading, and literally fell apart completely when we tried to eat them. Over cooked and poorly executed.  Disappointment all around.Just got back from London Grill. I've been to the bar a few times and have always left saying 'hey we should really try the food here sometime'. Finally got around to that.
I was surprised by the number of people in there, it usually seems dead to me. The service was really helpful, our waiter knew everything about the dishes I asked about. Started with the nachos which I typically use as an indicator on how good a place is. They were decent, nothing to write home about with a sweet tasting cheese sauce and somewhat brown guacamole which was very flavorless, could have used some spicing up. The Carolina Gumbo which consists of a tomato broth with carrots, onions beef and lamb was tasty but again needed some added spice, it was a little flavorless.
My friends ordered the burger (with boursin and bacon) and the BBQ pork (with a side of collard greens and mac n' cheese). Both enjoyed their dishes, the burger was perfectly cooked and the BBQ sauce on the pork was surprisingly sweet and tangy. I went with the duck quesadilla which I enjoyed. Quesadillas in general are usually a pretty disappointing order and I couldn't decide at the last minute but these things were bursting with flavor.
Again, it was overall a decent meal, probably my first and last time eating there but I'll definitely be back to the bar more often. Check out their happy hour from 4-7 which features $3 beers, wine and cocktails and also $3 appetizers. The beer selection is pretty diverse and I typically go with the Rogue Dead Guy in a bottle (reasonable at $4).Went here to get the Pumpkin Hot Toddy (with pureed pumpkin and Applejack rye), with high expectations.  Maybe these high expectations are to blame for my "meh" review.  
After ordering, the first toddy out was made incorrectly (with pumpkin syrup, not puree) and the final correct one was pretty bland.  I expected more spice and more pumpkin flavor.  The drink wasn't even orange in color.  For $10, I was bummed.
Otherwise, it was a nice cozy pub to sip hot drinks on a cool night.  Borderline-upscale vibes and creative cocktails and dishes make it worth a try.Ok this is very biased and partially my fault. If I find myself in the neighbourhood and I'm hungry I will try it again but order differently. 
Lesson learned don't ever go to a place called london grill and start ordering foods that are not common to the British tastes buds. 
I ordered a Sangria, Calamari and something else not Britishy. It was horrible.Period. Now it was probably my fault not going for the fish and chips, but i wasn't too hungry and just wanted a few apps. I also think the bar should be blamed. Why call yourself london grill and start serving up Korean BBQ wings. I mean seriously???? People come into your establishment with a certain expecation of the cuisine they are about to consume and you throw them a curve ball. I'm not trying to be stereotypical here but imagine going to a restaurant called Lee's Korean BBQ and find fish and chips on the menu... am I wrong here? 
I will come here again though, and possibly edit my review. All I gotta say is that the fish and chips better be the best in the city and better come on a newspaper.Since eating several mediocre dinners at London Grille, it is never my first pick when going out to eat in the neighborhood. My husband and I decided to eat brunch here this morning and while he was simply unimpressed I was disgusted by the terrible food.
Cons:
Small portions
Tasteless, cold, yet overcooked unappetizing food
Very expensive coffee
Pros:
Bloody Mary Bar
Friendly staff
Good beer selection
Aside from grabbing a beer in the future, we will not be eating here again.London Grill serves bacon ice cream! That should be enough to entice anyone to come try this place. They have a very comfortable and casual dining ambiance. You'll feel right at home here whether hanging out with a few friends or celebrating an event with your family. The waitstaff is very friendly and eager to explain just how each meal was crafted and by whom, whether it be the delicious herbed olive oil, the amazingly rich and decadent gnocchi or their interesting bacon ice cream. Toward the end of my dining experience I requested that my meal be wrapped up but instead it was not brought back to the table. The waitress and hostess both came over and apologized profusely bringing back a sampler of delicious handcrafted ice creams which included the bacon one. That was a very nice touch and I will definitely be dining there again and spreading the word about their great food and service.One of the worst brunch experiences ever!! Do yourself a favor and go find another brunch spot because Philly deserves better.  To get straight to the point I ordered the London burger after my server told me that at one point it was award winning.... After eating an overdone, tasteless burger which they forgot to put bacon on by the way, I believe the award was given probably two decades ago or whenever this establishment first opened.  It may have been good then but it definitley is in the running now for worst burger in Philly!  One star only given for the atmosphere.  The rest of my party also did not enjoy their other meals offered on the menu.  Wont be coming backHeaded here this afternoon for lunch and was greeted with a friendly "Happy Snow Day!" upon entering. The bartender/waitress was extremely friendly throughout our visit despite clearly being frazzled at the number of patrons she was taking care of all alone.
I had my usual Willie Sutton to drink, yum as always. One of the soups du jour was potato leek, an absolute favorite of mine. I ordered a bowl which was perfect after the addition of some salt and pepper; very smooth and creamy. Boyfriend and I also each ordered a cubano sandwich which came with fries. The cubano was thick with ham, pork, melted swiss and mustard. The pickle was wrongly served on the side, but a quick fix. It was served panini style on thick bread that was a bit too dry. I took half the sandwich home and it was much tastier the second time around -- the bread didn't seem as dry and I did add some creamy horseradish sauce, which was a great addition.
Good food, great service. Big fan of this place. Very glad it's mere blocks from my place.Very good bar that offers both an upscale feel and a neighborhood atmosphere. Reasonably priced. 
I really like the cocktails and the fried chicken sandwich a lot. I also had a cider there that was phenomenal.This place is phenomenal, and you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try the London burger with boursin and bacon. The thick cut fries are great, and the beer selection is always changing with knowledgeable bartenders. Prices are lower than the other surrounding spots, but the decor is still higher-end pub.Tried the crab bolognese fettuccine and it wasn't bad. Nothing amazing. My friend's burger looked better and my girlfriend's fried chicken sandwich definitely was. I think I ate more of that than my own meal. The waiter was super friendly and helpful, suggesting cocktails for my girlfriend to try. She liked everyone he recommended. The sidewalk patio was nice and I'd recommend sitting outside when the weather permits.GO ON MONDAYS and get the meatball sampler. The veal meatball in the Sierra ExPorter beer sauce is one of the tastier things i have eaten recently. Props to the chef, and the bartenders here rock.I had an amazing time at London Grill. I went on a Monday night, and it was "Meatball Monday". Three meatballs for $6, there was chicken, beef, and veal, with amazing sauces and garnishes. My boyfriend and I split this for an appetizer and had the pizza of the day, which was Duck BBQ. Not a combination I have seen before, but delicious nonetheless.  We were served delicious focaccia bread with olive oil and this meal was perfect. We both had great seasonal beers, and the draught list was stellar, as most places are in Philly.
The service was attentive, but not too pushy. I will be coming back here more often to try other items on the menu. It was a great way to start the work week.Looks like the London Next Door is closed? Or at least remodeling. They've gutted the place, and I'm not sure what's going to happen with the space.
London Grille (next door to London Next Door, 23rd & Fairmount) is still running stong; I just haven't stopped in lately to ask.Loved the bloody Mary bar (how could bacon infused vodka be bad) but wasn't impressed by the service. We ordered roasted beet salad, Nutella pancakes, shrimp risotto, French toast and sides of house made sausage and scrapple. Mixed food reviews: thumbs up for risotto, beet salad and sausage; thumbs down for pancakes and scrapple. Table service was slow and inattentive. All in all, it was okay but wouldn't go out of our way to go back.I never do this. Ever. But this place is bad. The menu is horrible. The service is unbelievably bad. The place has so much potential but it's just flat out bad. Did I mention that this place is bad? Honestly, I'm the least far from a snob but I felt like I had to say this. Took forever to get our food and the waitress acted like she could care less and wasn't the least apologetic. They need a major improvement. Would be a perfect restaurant for one of the makeover reality shows.Once upon a time in a land far away, I was a little wild. I know, hard to imagine, yet true. This review centers on one of those times.
My friend lives in the neighborhood, so I've been here more times than I can count. Another friend called it "The Sipowitz Bar" and I'm still not sure why. The food is solid and the drinks are strong and reasonably priced. The last time I was here a severely drunk guy with his relatively normal friends at the table behind us. On the way out, drunk guy walked up and said "If I weren't so drunk, I'd ask you out." And I said "If you weren't so drunk we might take you seriously".
Ok, but here's the real story. When I was living on the east coast (and wild), one of my friends lived in SF and the rest of us would celebrate her birthday without her. One year her birthday coincided with a friend's husband's birthday, for which she had rented out the upstairs room of the London. Since it was such a fancy occasion, we made a 15 inch cutout of our friend in SF (we'll call her Cutout J) and took her out for the night.  Cutout J was a huge hit as she posed for pictures down other people's pants and shirts, pictures of people licking her, pictures of her hanging out with the monkeys painted on the wall of the upstairs bathrooms (I have the photos, I know I wasn't imagining them). The waiters working the party were in love with Cutout J and asked to keep her. I said sure, as long as they didn't throw her away. Her parents went into the bar a couple of months later and noticed a 15 inch cutout of their daughter hanging out with the bottles behind the bar. That, my friends, was a high point in my career of fucking with my friends. Well, that and the time that Cutout J's parents threw a party at the London and I convinced Cutout J that another friend of ours had just gotten engaged at the Hard Rock Cafe in Philly after her boyfriend hired a mime to mime out "will you marry me?" Yes, I'm going to hell.What great little place this is and so much better than I would have thought. I had a breakfast sandwich which was hot and a huge portion and very good. Try the blueberry lemonade, tart and tasty. Sat outside looking over the river.I went to London Grill the other night with a friend. We arrived around 9pm and the place was relatively busy, but we were promptly seated. This is my second time to LG (I've previously been here for brunch with the parents). Honestly, I've had no problem with the service. Our particular server seemed overwhelmed, so another waiter stepped in to help her. Our meals were served fairly quickly - within 20 minutes of ordering. After a 12 hour shift at work, I had the best meal of the day at LG. I ordered the Roast BBQ pork which came with collard greens and macaroni and cheese. It's easy to screw up collard greens, but these were tender with a spicy/vinegar punch. The pork was cooked to perfection - moist with no hint of gristle. The barbecue sauce was equally tasty and didn't evoke the flavors of bottles sauces one bit. The macaroni was also delicious. They smartly avoiding "dressing" it up and stuck with ooey-gooey cheese and tender elbow noodles. My friend was equally pleased with his fish and chips. Their selection of beer is pretty impressive and this is one of the few places that seems to carry Strongbow cider (which they serve in a HUGE glass). Needless to say, we had a great time. The atmosphere is inviting and the atrium is a great place to sit even in the winter. Jeff is a great bartender and I was glad to have John and Brighid as our servers. I've definitely had no problems with service here.Cool vibe, one of my favorite bars in Fairmount
4 stars for London grill only because the food can be hit or miss.  I don't know if there are certain cooks that are better than others or what, but the food can be amazing one night and completely blah the next.  The service has always been pretty decent - they can get super busy, and it's times like that where you would be better off somewhere else.
Last time I went I had the gnocci, which was very flavorful and delicious.  The beer selection is pretty decent.  There is a "fine dining" section if you would rather not sit in the bar, but I think the bar area has the best atmosphere.  The brunch is also noteworthy - I've had some incredible lemon ricotta pancakes here, as well as the potato pizza.  Worth checking out.Place has gone downhill. Was very good a few years ago.
Right next to historic Eastern State Penitentiary, it appears they are embracing their surroundings by serving prison food. 
Fried chicken burnt, roast pork sandwich dry and bland. Very disappointed. Was looking forward to a good meal. Nothing special, just good. It was not.I was disappointed with my experience here. The service was slow (and it wasn't busy), the staff took up the dining area doing arts and crafts and the waiter didn't check up on on us during the meal... we waited 30 min for our entree after the apps came out. 
The fried pickles were cut so thick that they were soggy. My muscles in white wine sauce were so spicy (the menu did not say they were spicy), when I told the waiter all he said was 'they're not usually like that' and he walked away. The cocktails didn't taste good and then my beer sat at the bar for 10 minutes before the waiter dropped it off. 
I was excited to finally go here and sad to report it was not worth the bill. There's plenty of better places on Fairmount to try out.Hate to start off with all negatives, so I'll say this.  We were given a table promptly at 5:10 on a Monday night (we were dining with our daughter, granddaughter and son-in-law . . . the little one requiring dinner NOW).  We were seated by a pleasant server and we were looking forward to a nice dinner.  Drinks game about 20 minutes after we ordered them and our meals were served 55+ minutes after we placed our orders.  Four of the five orders were served with the remaining one served 10 MINUTES later.  I ordered a London Burger (basic hamburger) medium.  When I looked at it I was shocked.  WELL done and dry as a bone.  No juice whatsoever.  My wife ordered duck spring rolls . . .  DRY AS A BONE.  My daughter ordered a vegetable platter . . . none of which she could eat.  Granddaughter (not a picky eater)  took one taste of her grilled cheese sandwich and fries and asked to go home to eat.  I tasted her dinner and agreed that we should leave.  Daughter and son-in-law had been to the London Grill before and thought it was okay, but now none of us will return.  SLOW service and poor food on a slow night.Decent beer selection and good food! It wasn't so amazing that I'd rush to go back, but I can see myself returning eventually.Food was not so great. Steak was served sliced on the plate which was fine but a few of the slices were all gristle and fat. I would not go back.Went to the London for Thanksgiving dinner last night with my wife and best friend. Our family dinner fell apart due to health issues with a family member and we had to scramble. Never went out before for a Holiday but very glad we picked London. We are "regulars" and we were thrilled that Kelly and Nico were working, "the two best in Phila" and we got a table in Kelly's section. What a meal. Best turkey we have ever had and the rest, super delicious across the board. They out did themselves and it was one of the best "home cooked" meals we ever had but none of us have had turkey and gravy like they served. It was incredible. We are glad we got to share with Kelly and for the third time the buffet and food were superb. Thanks London, Kelly, Nico and all who worked last night on their holiday. Will be back very soon!Came here for a NYE celebration with a small group of best friends. The vibe here is awesome, especially in the wintertime (makes me feel like I'm in a British holiday movie, ie Love Actually). I ordered a burger and it was great. The service was great. The atmosphere was fun. Would definitely come back!I moved to the area a few months ago and have been here twice. Very friendly, somewhat slow service. 
Brie/Chicken sandwich is delicious, as are all of the brunch offerings. I had a smoked pork hash that was reeaaaally good. 
I like the beer and cocktail selection as well. I love a good bloody mary, so I tried out the bloody mary bar at brunch. Great selection and cool infused vodkas, but it was pretty pricey for a small serving.Came here for a early dinner. Nice place inside and was seated near the windows which I really liked. Table got the burger with bacon and American cheese and lamb ribs. Now the service was fine but the food was okay. The burger tasted great but the biscuit bun is way too small and the bacon was thick but too hard. The lamb ribs were small and the sauce was just added on. The sides of corn on the cob and potato salad was ehhh. Just wish the corn on the cob was seasoned and less dry. One thing I didn't like the most was that the ribs were not hot. Just room temperature. Probably won't come back here for the food but the bar and burgers aren't bad.Three words = Bloody Mary bar.
Snagged a table outside for a pick-me-up during brunch on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon.  I was craving a good Bloody and was super stoked that London Grill has endless options for Bloody Marys including house-infused vodkas, pickled vegetables, a plethora of hot sauces, etc. And brunch-goers: you get to be your very own mixologist!  And the cherry-on-top = there are Spice Girls Barbie dolls watching over you as you concoct your Bloody.  BOOM.  All my tweenage + adulthood wishes come true!Decent place with a good drink selection. Went with a group of friends, and the hostess was pretty accommodating in getting us seated together quickly for a Friday night, so plus on that for service.  Waitor ended up bringing slightly off drink orders (Sprite mixer instead of ginger ale, manhattan neat instead of on the rocks), so kinda minus for that, but no one had any particular complaints.
They had some live music (sax & piano) going on as we arrived, but ended soon after;  would like to come back for a nice dinner date if I know they'll have that again.
As for a drinking spot, I'd stop in if in the neighborhood, but nothing to really travel across town for.I sat at the bar of this restaurant a few years back, I really enjoyed the drinks and fries!  I went again recently for brunch and I asked myself why it's been so much time in between visits. Brunch was very good, I had the pancakes with fresh fruit compote and a side of house made sausage (some of the best sausage I've had in a while!), One friend had the Huevos rancheros and the other had the steak & eggs.  We finished our meal with creative drinks from the ever changing list of specials.Update! Have been back twice since first time. It's been delightful. Friendly staff, yummy food, good drinks. Not terribly busy, cozy vibe. Older building/ decor,nice neighborhood spot :)We went here as a stop on a beer tasting pub crawl. We only sampled the beers. They were serving brunch at the time and it looked good. They also had their own infused / flavored Vodka on hand... bacon Vodka anyone?
They had a nice selection of drought beers. The bar area was a bit crowded but I suppose it wasn't intended to accommodate the 30+ people in our group. We considered returning for dinner here but to be fair I am a "steak and potato type guy and their dinner menu was definitely not for me.We go to the London for their burger, which is outstanding and leaves me with no reason to order anything else.A good bar to chill out in after visiting the Eastern State Penn down the road. We fortunately came in time for happy hour, which included mini bites. We were hungry so we ordered the mini fish & chips (delicious) and the nachos & salsa (meh). 
It's not somewhere I would plan on staying at all night but it's a decent spot to have a few pints with friends. The bus stop into city center Philly is right outside the entrance so stumbling back home is easy as pie.i'm never really in the fairmount area, but a friend who knows it all too well took me to pre-concert dinner at london grill. 
the people who show up there are pretty varied, from poor-looking vinophiles to the closest thing the city might have to middle america americans. the waiter was knowledgeable about the food and wines, which is always a plus. 
and the food was really good. i kept it simple with a beet and goat cheese salad, and while i know i can get packaged beets that are just as good albeit smaller from trader joe's, it was swell enough. the stand out to me was the gnudi, an appetizer that may very well have been a particularly well-seasoned lump of ricotta cheese. if i weren't terrified of having to be naked in front of some man some day soon, i'd eat them all day long.It was a nice evening and we had outside seating.  Our waiter ( unfortunately I forgot his name SORRY !)  was fantastic.  He was always attentive.  Took time to chat with all the customers, while bringing out food and drinks at a good pace.  
Drinks were reasonably priced, and they do not skimp on the liquor!  I had a cran and Stoli O and it was made perfectly!  As for the food.  I ordered the Calamari, and was HIGHLY disappointed.   The Calamari was just not seasoned enough, and the dipping sauce was awful .  I think they were trying to do a play on Vietnamese Nuoc Mam, but failed horribly.  More like apple juice with pepper flakes.  My dinner companion had the London Burger.  That however was DELICIOUS!
I also ordered the Creme Brulee for dessert, and that was nothing to call home about.  
Fairmount has such an interesting crowd.  So it's genius that this place has outside seating.  Great place to grab a drink, have good conversation with friends, and people watch.  Though the food didn't knock it out of the park.  The wait staff was fantastic the evening I visited, and like I've said in other posts.   Even if the food is mediocre.  As long as I enjoyed myself because the staff is properly trained and made the time i spent there enjoyable, I have no problem visiting again.I used to come here on occasion years ago and never really enjoyed the food. The drinks are good and the staff was nice but the food was always sub par for various reasons e.g. Not fresh, over/undercooked, etc. sad to say things have not changed   Honestly not sure how they stay in business.Have been going to London grill for about 10 years . today it was the pits...I will never go back. Food was BAD . She had the duck....all fat...my comp was 10%..wow  $500 . the tuna tar tar wasn't good, it was gray not RED as tar tar should be. I gave it one star just like Mickey D's...what happen to Nicole the old manager.Had a great time here celebrating a friends bday!! Food and drinks were delightful.  I had the arugala salad which was soooo good i wish I could have asked for more and just eat this.  I also had the London Burger which was good except i order it well done and it was really "Well Done".  Meat was dry and in a shape of a ball.  It was kind of dificult to eat but i managed given the hunger i had. Drinks were great!!! Anyhow, the waitress was good she was attentive and all our food came out at once for our large party.  I would recommend to try this place out.Our party of 5 went here on July 4, arrived 15 minutes early for our 7:30 reservation and were seated right away. The prompt service seemed to end after that point.  We sat for 15 minutes before a server took our order, 45 minutes before bread (delicious) was brought over, and another 25 before our drinks and meal were served.  It was a holiday- and a big one- so the slow service may be attributable to that, however, it wasn't until well into our meal that the place filled up. The food, however, was really good. The Mexican corn was especially good and flavorful as a side dish. The duck spring rolls were small in size but hearty and filling. Korean barbecue chicken a great mixture of flavor, the tuna tartare was perfect.  If you are not in a hurry, the food is what gave this place the high rating, and overall, we were happy, despite the slow service.We were here for my birthday dinner on March 18,2016. The entire experience there was amazing! This restaurant is always great with accepting larger party reservations; we were a party of 17.  Jonathan our server was great, super attentive to everyone and super friendly. 
I go here quiet frequently but I think I'll be going even more after the wonderful experience we had on Saturday.Best happy hour in Fairmount! Good, inexpensive food and decent drink specials.Ok place,if you are meeting with someone's to get something to drink this is the place,kinda small rustic place.the bar tender is great,she was friendly & entertaining... Crowd are mix...I wish it could be a higher rating.  I used to LOOOVVEEEE London, but the past few times we've gone, its been mediocre at best.  Service is always good and the drinks are always yummy, but the food has just gotten worse and worse over time.  I dunno if they got a new chef or something, but something has gone horribly wrong.  The last time I went, I got the south philly scramble. Salt on top of salt on top of salt.  It was inedible.  My boyfriend got chicken and waffles.  The batter was thick, floury, and tasteless.  Other ppl we were with weren't really happy either.  I hope they get back on track.  I loved the food before and I hope I will again!Dining Partner and I strolled down Fairmount Ave on Sunday morning around 10am looking for a brunch spot. We were hoping for outside seating and once I spotted the fried chicken and biscuit (with egg and gravy) on the menu at London Grill I knew we needed to stay. We plopped ourselves down at a table. I ordered my dish and Dining Partner opted for the Eggs Benedict. I also ordered a raspberry iced tea which was really freshing. Before our food arrived, the waitress brought out a small plate of fresh baked sweet bread and a few small pieces of fruit, a nice touch. The service was good and the food was solid. A decent brunch spot, especially if you're looking to sit outside and people watch.This is a nicely decorated restaurant and bar a short drive from the art museum, directly next to a reasonably priced parking lot in an area frequented by locals not tourists.  We came here on the recommendation of two members of the art museum staff.
Our server was extremely friendly and helpful. Others working there also seemed nice. My wife had a large salad and fish and chips which she enjoyed, large portions. My steak was undercooked and the portion was very small, I dare say stingy, for the price so I don't recommend it. There is a full bar and young people were noisily cheering for a sporting event on TV. The music was classic 60s and 70s rock. 
Overall a good experience.I am trying some of the recommended burger joints in Philadelphia and London Grill popped up on the list.  This burger was served on an english muffin (huh).  That was okay I suppose as I'm not super crazy about huge burger rolls anyway.  The burger was ok.  Not great, not horrible, but ok.  I had it with blue cheese and jalapenos, asked for mustard and none was forthcoming.  It was an average burger - very average.  I don't know in what universe this burger would come up as best of Philly when there are so many amazing burgers in this city.  Fries were coldish and greasy and did not add to the enjoyment of the burger.  Sorry London Grill but I won't be back.I took my brother and his fiancรฉ for dinner tonight. It was our first time dining and we had an ABSOLUTE BLAST! Johnathan was our server and he was knowledgeable and super personable! The food was superb! We each got something different and loved our meals (especially the brick chicken). We also got the duck spring rolls which were super tasty!! I would absolutely recommend other people to dine here and would definitely tell them to request Johnathan!  We will definitely be back!!Yesterday was my second time at London for brunch. The first, my boyfriend and i sat by the bar and the bartender was great! He's the reason we gave it another try yesterday even though our meals were less than great. 
We sat in the dining room yesterday and waited at least 5 minutes before anyone even looked at us. Then we ordered and got coffee with no creamer. And our app came out with no share plates and no one came back so we just used our napkins. Our meals were less than spectacular, too. My tortilla was stale and hard. We are going to skip London next time. Great male bartender on Saturday mornings but that's about it.Great food!  Really liked both my entree and my husband's dish.  The porportions for the apps were one the smaller side, and the service was a little slow considering the place wasn't busy but I would certainly go back.  Great location as well, but parking was a little frustrating.I feel bad writing a bad review :( The place seemed disorganized. We must have had atleast 4-5 different servers come over to our table. There were flies hovering overhead (and we were sitting indoors). The food wasn't all that flavorful or fresh tasting/looking even though the waitress kept telling us everything was made fresh on the premises. Maybe I went on an off day. No idea, but just wasn't impressed enough to want to go back unless it's just to have a beer in the front room.Nothing spectacular, nothing awful, just so-so.
Waitress, god bless her, really tried with our drink orders.  But it was just too many mishaps.  It wasn't all her fault.  The bar was clearly lacking.  First, three of the drinks my boyfriend ordered off the extensive and seemingly impressive drink list weren't available, which of course took 5 minutes between each request: her writing it down, going to the bar to put it in the POS system, most likely waiting until the bartender says they're out of it, and her running back to tell us they're out and to order something else.  After asking her for suggestions, it became clear she was never trained in the menu (which is frustrating, especially when the drink menu is a novel).  Finally, he gave up and ordered something basic, as did I.   I think I ordered a cider and for some reason, she gave me a glass of what tasted like straight whiskey, which I sent back.  We finally got our correct drink orders (albeit our last resort choices) after a whole half hour.
The fried calamari appetizer was actually really delicious and my fish special of the day with tabbouleh and rice and chocolatey-drizzled sauce was really fresh and cooked perfectly, which is why I gave it 3 stars.  Boyfriend ordered the bacon cheeseburger pizza which was a deep-dish personal pan pizza.  Super big portion and super-filling but wayyy too greasy and heavy on the cheese.
Can't decide what genre/theme the restaurant is trying to fit into, what with the delicate fish and pub-style pizza on the same menu, as well as the way-too-big drink menu.
Has potential to be better if they inform their servers of everything they're out of in the first place (it's called an 86ed list in the biz), as well as train them to know what the wide variety of drinks tastes like.
For the Fairmount area, I'm sticking to Rembrandt's and La Calaca Feliz next time.We went for a quick lunch.  The waiter was wonderful.  We ordered what he recommended and everything was great.  A nice lunch at a great venue.My old haunt...  Great food, great environment, great for a casual dinner with friends, or just stopping in for a beer.  The bartenders will always offer some stimulating conversation, as well as tips on new beers on tap.Realized that I haven't updated my review in a while, since London has become a neighborhood staple of mine. I will say it depends on who is serving/bartending, and whether you're in the bar or the dining area but Kelly & Christina generally rock my socks. They serve a mean PBR (in addition to more grown-up bevvies). 
The fries are delicious, and the duck eggrolls are lovely. Avoid in the two weeks leading up to Halloween due to the proximity to the Penitentiary haunted house, but otherwise it's a great place to hang out, have a beer and a burger, and chat. Fair prices and good people.Man... That Eatan Hรถltz its the bee's knees! He's so calm and collected! ... For a second, I thought that James Bond was waiting on me! ..absolutely took my breath away...out was like that scene in that movie Jerry Maguire when Renee zellwigger says "you had me at hello"  ...wtf?! He had me at negroni!!! I wish he was in my living room duo that I could have casual service all the time! Kudos Lindon grill! He's an all star!I live in the neighborhood and I love coming here for drinks--the bartenders and staff are great and always genuinely happy to see you.  It's also the perfect place to sit outside on a sunny day.  I'm vegetarian, so there really isn't anything I can eat here other than tapas (which tend to be fried and greasy).  I'll still happily come by for drinks, however the lack of vegetarian food options will keep me from eating here.This place has quickly become one of our factories. It has an upscale feel yet it's pretty causal. We had a few experience where the service was a little sub par, but that's life. The beer selection is nice and the food is exactly what you'd expect: casual, with a side of unique up-scale items and delicious! Go for the foie gras pierogies. Then, fettuccini with the wild boar! It helps spice up the taste buds after a week of boring meals.Small servings coupled with under-informed poor service across multiple servers has made this a "once and never again place".I have to say the food and the wait staff were amazing; my boyfriend and I both ordered chicken and biscuits, which I would definitely recommend. The wait time for our food was ridiculous - about 25 minutes.... for chicken and biscuits.... A couple who came in about ten minutes after us received their food way before us and there was a complaint from them; her food was taken away and brought back to her liking ten minutes later. I heard the waiter apologize to another table while we were there for something that was not available in the kitchen. A table of four who were already seated when we arrived, received their food at about the same time as we did. Delicious food but I don't think I would recommend it, just seemed really disorganized.Again, went to London on Friday after a long week. The beers were great as usual, service with Kelly was impeccable.   The food tonight was fantastic, had the Korean double fried chicken, rather fantastic, then followed up with the dan dan noodles and the meatball sliders. All were great! Will be back soon.Stopped in on Saturday night. The bar was understaffed - we had seats at the bar and it took 10 minutes for the bartender to acknowledge us. 10 minutes later we decided to leave. It was a mixed crowd, half filled with a bar crawl group. Everything we saw suggested nothing special was happening here.So it's a chilly Monday night around 7:30PM... my girlfriend and I don't feel like cooking....its been a long weekend... who feels like cooking on a Monday? Not me.  So we head up to Fairmont Ave in search of some food.  We come across London Grill which looks very interesting with its Fluorescent pink neon on the side of the building.  We walk in the FRONT door.  The place is clean, there are a few Phillies fans sitting at the bar enjoying the game.  The atmosphere is very laid back.  We seat ourselves.  The waiter is extremely attentive and has a great personality.  We scope out the menu and my stomach is screaming "BURGER" "BURGER" so I check out the London burger and it comes on an English muffin?? So I think to myself, English muffin.... I don't want nooks and crannies touching my beef.  I ask the waiter if he can replace the muffin with a normal all American hamburger bun and he politely informs me that he can accommodate.  Maria orders the scallops and some cheesy thing.  As we're waiting for our food the Phillies are getting absolutely crushed... Cole has let up several home runs and yet again the Phillies can't mount an offense.  The food comes out and the burger looks amazing, Maria's food looks great too.  They have the old school ketchup bottles which I think is super cool... so I karate chop the bottle a dozen times and out comes the ketchup.  The food was great.  As we leave out of the FRONT door we hear some patrons sitting nearby say "I've never seen anyone leave out of THAT door" almost mocking my girlfriend and I for leaving out of the FRONT door.  I turn around and see that on the FRONT door there is an arrow pointing around to the SIDE of the establishment claiming that the SIDE door is the FRONT door.  This door situation has me scratching my head... So the true FRONT door is directing me to go to the SIDE door that they claim is the FRONT door.  Why do they even have the FRONT door?  And why are my girlfriend and I being crucified by locals for leaving out of the correct door? I don't think we will be back to London until they figure out the door arrangements.The front bar is HOT.  Not hot like the good "haught", but so hot we sweated off our appetite and decided to go somewhere else (which wasn't a bad thing because it was about 45 minutes before we saw our waitress again).
Anyway, food is ok & overpriced.  The beer selection, outdoor seating & proximity to other restaurants is where this place really shines.London Grill is a solid downtown Philly bar and restaurant. The food choices on the menu tend to be quirky deviations of standard bar food. I had brunch there yesterday and the brunch prices were quite reasonable. I actually loved the make-your-own bloody mary option. Using a baseball reference, this would not be my first choice out of the bullpen but, definitely a reliable arm that I wouldn't hesitate using if all else fails.I was here twice over the weekend -- Friday night with my boyfriend and Saturday night with friends following the R5/Making Time pool party. Friday night was great -- our waitress was a delight. We sat outside and towards the end of the night, our waitress chatted with us for a bit and had told us that just the week before, the bar signed a contract with Anheuser Busch to carry Bud (ew!), and that she'd only gotten one order for it since then. That said, they carry great beers, both draught and bottle, and even have a house brew, the Willie Sutton Ale, made by Stoudt's that's just fantastic. They've also got some lesser heard of foreign beers which are just as good.
Saturday, our waitress wasn't as warm, but the place was busier and she had more tables to take care of. Funnily enough, one of my friends ordered a Bud and went on to talk about how much he loves it. We split an order of nachos with chicken that were so-so. The chips were a bit soggy, the chicken tasted more processed than I'd have liked but they satiated our drunken hunger.
A great place to drink al fresco on a breezy summer night.Four stars because our waitress was a sweetheart, they have that cool sun-roof section in the back, and they put a plate of free deliciousness (fruit and banana bread) on the table at the beginning of the meal. 
Came here on Saturday for a friend's birthday brunch, and overall enjoyed the visit. I'm not a bloody mary gal myself, but the make-your-own-bloody bar seemed to be a big hit. I opted for the MYO mimosa option instead (a bottle of champagne and a pitcher of OJ), which was good, although I'm definitely partial to the cheaper option of BYO. The coffee was delish as well.
Food-wise, I sampled the Jersey breakfast (pork roll, fried egg, provolone, cherry pepper pesto on a roll) and home fries, and the challah french toast. Both were standard, tasty brunch fare, though neither stood out as remarkable. 
I would come back if I'm ever in the area.I loved the character of this little corner bar and restaurant. It was definitely shabby but it reminded me of being in Ireland which is my favorite place to be. They have Carlsberg on the drink menu which warmed my heart since this is my drink of choice while over on the Emerald Isle.
 The drink selection in addition to the Carlsberg  was great and the nachos my friend and I shared were pretty tasty.  I'd like to get back and check out more of the menu and sample more of their drink menu.Yelpers led us here and we were happy for it.  Great combinations of flavor.  Horseradish crusted salmon is excellent though the horseradish is slathered on and packs a punch.  I removed more than half of the pungent stuff and still had plenty of flavor.  Rich delicious boursin mashed potatoes.  Fresh tangy arugula salad with a fried goat cheese patty.  Generous kids portions and space in the rear dining area makes this a good place for families.  Enjoy.Weirdly obsessed with frogs, food took over an hour for a completely empty restaurant besides us. The bathroom is resembling a port-o-potty and even "original WC 1800's" bathroom can still be cleaned and have a decent look. 
Also as you can see in the comments the owner is rude and a bully in the sense of saying to a paying customer "you suck" and "the world needs your opinion " from working in the food industry you never put a customer on blast even if you write a bad review. Instead you take the critique and improve.For Valentine's Day London was serving a grilled red snapper that if they ever have it again run do not walk to get. I can not say enough things about this place, food is always good, service is great and Kelly Willhelm is always fun to go see and talk to. Word of advice; order extra fries Kelly always eats mine;)I used to love London for brunch because the service was great and they have a make your own Bloody Mary bar, however I had a terrible experience and will likely not go back any time soon. We were seated immediately but it took 20 minutes before anyone acknowledged us, at which time we ordered food and drinks. I asked for the eggs benedict but with tomato instead of the meat, which has never been a problem in the past, but this time they made it the standard way. The waitress never came back by to ask how our food was or to refill our coffee or water so I never had the chance to say my food was wrong.Would definitely come back here again for brunch.  The eggs florentine were great and the fresh fruit and bread was a nice complimentary beginning.  I'll put LG on my list of places to return in the Fairmount hood!Good to enjoy a pint with friends and higher end bar food. London has a charming interior and a friendly staff.After a couple not so great experiences, I finally realized that London is one of those really great neighborhood places-if you know what to order.  Went here with my hubby and another couple-the nachos for the app were great, and they brought us a little plate of mushrooms to sample.  I had the mussels in red for my entree which were great-the mussels were big, the bowl filled generously, and the red sauce was great!  Everyone else in my group was happy too with the food.  The sangria wasn't so great.   One of the big benefits, in my opinion, is that unlike a lot of restaurants, they'll let you order off the bar menu in the dining room, which has good prices.I've never eaten here, but the beer selection and price impressed me. I really liked the crowd, the music, and the staff. I know London is the sleeper of these neighborhood bars in Fairmount, however, I've always had such a good time, that I've been hesitant to venture anywhere else. 
Wednesday is "Deep Note" night, breaking out all the Funk, Soul, Hip-Hop, and Deep House you can handle... I stand by it.I stopped in with my wife and a friend on a sunday.  We sat in the bar area at one of the high top tables.  The bar area was very nice.  I like the wood and white tile look.  I ordered the Fresa Salvaje and the Korean Fried Chicken.  The cocktail was very good and the chicken was amazing!  Little nugget sized chicken, breaded, and coated with delicious sauce.  Looking forward to my next visit.Great food, great atmosphere, terrific service.  Gem of a place in a gem of a neighborhood.Maybe it's me, but I don't really understand the negative reviews. The London Grill does not pretend to be a foodie's dream or some big-time gourmet place. It's a neighborhood bar with fabulous burgers and other wonderful bar food. They have cider, which I love, and good beer. What do people expect, anyway, from a great neighborhood bar? I have been here for brunch, lunch, and dinner, and I think the food is fine and the service has always been really good. I find the waitstaff to be courteous, prompt, and happy to make recommendations. I'll go back again and again.I write this review based on two experiences within a 6 month span. The first experience from February should of warranted me never going again, but the restaurant is within my neighborhood and foolishly I tried again. Yes, London Grill 1 star is being kind. 
First experience back in February, dinner guest experience food poisoning. Doctors at ER confirmed. 
Second experience 8/3/2010, evening dinner. Our server had three tables (two eating, 1 drinking). Took approximately 30 minutes to acknowledge us then brought us water and said be right back to take our order. Watching the clock, it took another 30 minutes. Later, as he took our order said he was tired, pulled up a chair and you could tell he had been drinking. I ordered the wedge and dessert, dinner guest ordered fish and chips. Dinner arrived an hour later. My wedge salad came out in parts, the wedge then 5 minutes later dressing, then bacon then toppings. The server explained they were out of things in the kitchen then mysteriously the food arrived in parts. My dessert (Tiramisu ) was a runny mess. To top it off the manager on staff was laughing the entire time of the experience. Classy I must say.
Moral of this experience, bad/slow service, bad food and drunk wait staff = not so awesome time.I go here for happy hour since its in my neighborhood.  Mini bar treats (i.e. sliders, duck spring rolls, a fish and chips, etc) go for $3 between 4-7pm, and draft beers go for $3 between 5-7pm.  Im not a fan of how the bartenders ask to close the tab by 6pm for the shift change... especially when on several occasions, the bartender neglected to bring out the glasses of water we ordered or failed to place the order correctly (having the burger served with a normal kaiser roll instead of on an English muffin).  
Anyway, theres nothing outstanding about their food, though the brick chicken is unlike anything Ive ever had before!Pretty much a great place for whatever you desire. It's the perfect dichotomy of a fine dining experience and your neighborhood pub.
I went here on a review for uwishunu.com but regardless, I'd really been meaning to check the place out for a while. In order to combat Center City's Restaurant Week -- LG introduced a $19 customer appreciation dinner which is available upon reservation. The're the choice of "Surf or Turf." A petite filet mignon served with scalloped potatoes and spinach or the half lobster served atop pasta and red sauce. Both entrees follow fresh salads with some really amazing house-made focaccia and the meal is closed with some really awesome chocolate mousse.
In the other side of the restaurant, the bar portion -- I was really impressed with the draft and bottle selection. There's also no shortage of a nice cocktail and wine list.
The bar food is definitely a nice change-up from the more expensive restaurant food. It has its own menu to satisfy some late-night cravings from the typical wings, burgers, cheesesteaks to less typical cubano sandwiches and szechuan duck spring rolls. One thing I've heard about that I definitely want to come back and try, are the various hot dogs they have -- pork, buffalo and even duck.
The fine dining side of the place is probably something you'd want to reserve for a nice romantic date... and the bar portion is great to just grab some drinks with friends while maybe watching a game on one of their TVs.Excellent food! The Whipped Ricotta Schmear is ridiculous -- sea salt and honey...  dessert-ish, but not overly sweet. Tuna Tartare w/chili salt -- also amazing. We just did small plates, and it was perfect and super reasonable. John, our handsome and helpful waiter, was lovely and took great care of my friend and her baby and me. Went *beyond* above and beyond! My second time here, and have had great experiences both times. Will come back without a doubt -- a great neighborhood joint.Brunch after the Art Museum was such a disappointment. Slow service, limited menu and food was cold.food is way to expensive for this place. decor in main dining is grandmaish.
its not the quality isnt good, i just dont think that they have found their niche for their type of restaurant. 
they mix too many flavors for meals that could be good; so it makes you not really want to pick anything.
I would stick w/ simple appetizers or get the steak (the house steak sauce amazing). 
also drinks and customer service excellent.UPDATE***
Received a call from the manager and was given a gift card for the amount spent on the soup and calamari. I went back with my boyfriend and we had a completely different experience! We both had pasta dishes that were to die for. The service was great, as usual. 
*****
Went to London about a month ago with my boyfriend. We sat outside, and had a really nice waiter, food was okay, beer was good.
Went home and threw up all night long. Had the watermelon soup and the calamari, and I am 100% sure I got sick from one of those things. My boyfriend didn't try any of mine, so he was just up all night listening to me get sick. NOT FUN. I called and was told I would get refunded, but I never got a call back from the manager. Disappointing.Disclaimer: I LOVE the bloody mary bar here during brunch.They bring you a shot of vodka of your choosing and you can go create your concotion with a few different mixes and tons of spices and add-ons. They even have some appetizers (stuffed tomatoes, peppers, jerky). It is the one redeeming feature of London Grill. However, every time I've been here the service has been really bad and the food nothing special (in some cases, downright bleh).My boyfriend and I do the London grill for the price fix New Years Eve menu with the wine and beer pairing! Everything was outstanding! Tried caviar for the first time and loved it. I was scared to try the sweetbreads but at the urging of our waitress, nicole, I went for it and wasn't disappointed at all. They were amazing! Our entrees, the rib eye and rack of lamb were unbelievable, we cleaned our plates. Dessert was great too and I brought my leftover carrot cake home and they gave me a completely new piece, how sweet! I will definitely be back!Great food - lousy service!
Visited London Grill on a recent Saturday night. The food was amazing! Sadly, the service was AGAIN terrible. We were promptly seated. It went downhill from there. It took 45 minutes for the waitress to take our drink order and another 30 to take our food order THEN another 30 to get our drinks - we sat for over an hour with nothing in front of us, not even water. One of our guests went to the bar to retrieve said drinks and were told the order had not yet been entered. The appetizers (soups) arrived cold...and they weren't the kind of soup that should be served that way. We were there for OVER three hours and had our drinks refilled only once. We were a large party of 6, so 18% gratuity was automatically added to the check. The waitress was lucky because we would have given her 5-10% had we been given the choice. That is not something any of us takes lightly as we are all industry veterins (we know crappy staff and mismanagement when we see it) and have lived on tips. I've been to London several times over the past 5-6 years and found that the only decent service is at the bar. Table services is absolutely the WORST I've ever encountered, but I keep going back hoping things improve. They never do. smh.My blah Monday ended with a BANG. Dined at London Grill for a "Meetup" of investors to share info on the latest in the investment world. Sadly I was on a diet of sorts. I ordered truffle fries which were delightful. EVERYONE at my table however had all kinds of BURGERS. One had an egg on it and my mouth watered. When I'm feeling carnivorous, vegans are around me and giving the ol granny fist shake. NOW that I was being good, I had 5 huge burgers around me to lust after. None of this is the fault of London Grill and I will be back :)I live right around the corner but I refuse to eat here anymore. The first time I went it was great and I was so glad to have a good "local" to go to. But each time I've gone after that, the service was terrible. I've waited a long time to be seated, waited a long time for food, had servers forget my order, and had waiters who were just less-than-friendly. I want to like this place so much because the owner seems cool (see: Bastille Day) but I don't want to support them until the service is improved. So, in the meantime, Rembrandt's is my go-to!terrible.  London Grill???  Exactly what does this place do that is british?  Unless British equals lousy service, dirty and a menu which looks like it was created by someone with no sense of taste.Ok so lets just say I gave five stisars for the girl who served me she was awsome! !!! If you read this thanks;) food was good location cool as hell and he didn't no it but I was watching the BARTENDER. ...he greeted two patrons as  soon as they step one foot in the door ( regulars) and before there ass hit the barstool the beer was there! Im a BARTENDER in FLA tampa that is......and that southern hospitality shit is not true its comes all the way up to philly on Fairmont st and 23 or 24st!  GOOD STUFF PLACE!I've eaten here a few times and never been disappointed. The vegetable trio served on the lunch menu changes daily and is made with fresh local vegetables. The one I had was incredibly delicious and I'm not even a vegetarian. I just can't imagine finding a more delicious meal that's actually healthy. They also have great burgers and fries....yum. I will agree with others about the service being slow at times but that's my only complaint.After eating here for Lobster Month, I have to say I'm really impressed with how good it was, so I'm gonna up it to 4 stars.  I still won't give it 5 stars for always being out of things and also for service that's kind of iffy. The common theme here seems to be that London Grill's special/seasonal food and drink menus are superb and their regular menu is just okay.
With that said, my boyfriend got lobster pierogies and he said they were amazing.  I tried a bit and the sauce they were in was phenomenal.  I ordered the lobster burger and expected it to be like a crab cake patty with a lot of breading and barely any lobster meat but I couldn't have been more wrong or more pleasantly surprised.
The burger was legit just a giant patty of straight lobster meat, nothing else, topped with an amazing lemon aioli and served with crispy, salty fries.  I was so full I could barely move.  For a $16 burger, it was totally worth it.
In addition to this, the black cherry cider they served was definitely the best hard cider I've ever had.I went here last night with my family.  We decided to share multiple dishes, and ordered many of the appetizers.  Most of the food was fine, some was really good, but for the most part I left feeling like I had drank a few cups of oil. Everything was completely saturated in it!  Even the vegetable tapas (DON'T GET THIS) tasted more unhealthy than the potato chicken dish I ordered because all of the vegetables were absolutely drenched.  Also on the tapas dish three of the choices were fried! I'm assuming that most people ordering a huge dish of veggies aren't hoping they're fried and battered - because then they'd just order the french fries.
I won't be back for main courses, but the environment was nice and our waiter was great, so I'd come back for some drinks and fries.We went as a group of six for dinner on Friday night and travelled across town to try it out. We were all impressed by the menu and expectations were set pretty high. What was delivered was far away from what we expected - it was disappointing. The food was lacking flavor - the broth accompanying the tiger fish special was about as flavorsome as a glass of water, the vegetarian sandwich and the 'brick' chicken were both bland and the fries were soggy. 
Its a pity because the service was great, the beer and cocktail menu was impressive and the place seemed to be buzzing.
'A' for effort but the kitchen didn't deliver nearly as well as the menu set out."let them eat cake " in celebration of Bastille we wandered up to fairmount to witness history repeat itself ..literally....
We grabbed an outside table and were greeted by our server Lauren ( who rocked by the way) it was close to the reenactment and patrons all around us were leaving to walk down to the penitenuary. I had my heart set of a can of the Sophia "champagne" ( yes it came in a can with a colorful straw) but they had sold out :( after getting over my brief disappointment  I switched gears to one of the featured cocktails - headless Maria - vodka,chambord,pineapple and rose sparkling bubbly ! Tre bien
dining partner had the French beer special and we ordered the moules  frites and a side of truffle fries. 
Moules were average not great but not bad, they came swimming in a flavorful broth of wine, spices and lemon. Alongside some thin frites they were perfect to share. The truffle fries were the hit of the hour . Just enough truffle to taste and a sprinkling of Parmesan cheese made these fries some of the best I have ever eaten. ordered a glass of mount blanc and people watched. London grill is the clear winner of after party spot of the reenactment and as the crowds came we were grateful to have a table. 
A few misses kept this from being a 5 star review; overly crowded area something that businesses should prepare for and the selling out of bubbly cans . Our server was swamped but still on her A game and made us want to revisit on another nite.On my never ending search for burgers to toss into my gullet, my mouth lead me here.
After much positive raves about the burger I figured it was time. As I perused the 
menu, the fried pickles screamed to me. I love pickles. Now frying these bitches only makes me love the salty tart fuckers even more. I never pass up a rare opportunity when a menu graces itself with these beauts.  I grab the order to go and my mouth salivates in
anticipation of gobbling those Jewish swords of joy. 
They do look real sexy. Hot. Must wait.Can't do it. 
After dipping it into the ranch in hopes of maybe cooling them a tad, I take a bite.
OK, good. But there is something seasoning wise in the nice beer batter. 
Salt? Go figure, on pickles the salt is lacking. I do like them. It's fucking pickles.
I am eyeballing the burger with intense excitement, looks banging. I do from time to time 
like a nice english muffin as a bun and this one works nicely. The meat was beautiful and moist.
Perfectly seasoned and nestled under a cheddar blanket and topped with a smokey bacon.
It fucking rocked. Plus the hand cut fries were worth mentioning. Seasoned just right and fluffy inside.
This is a burger I will be back for.Went here for a work thing last night and loved every minute of it.  Great beer and drink selection and our server Roxy was super sweet and attentive.  The food however was the stand out of the night.
We ordered a hodge podge of different things and all were wonderful.  The goat cheese gnocchi was roll your eyes back in your head good.  The Calamari with the ginger dipping sauce was amazing and our burger which we had made with avocado and brie came on an English muffin and was so good I thought I was gonna pass out!  I have been here for happy hour before and was just as impressed then and the prices are pretty reasonable. Cant wait to go back!One of my favorite neighborhood bar/restaurants. Great ambience, great crowd, great food (especially brunch, though a little pricey, but worth it considering the Bloody Mary bar!), and great beer/liquor selection.We were fortunate to stumble in on a Sunday afternoon - for the BRUNCH MENU. Upon entry we found ourselves confused by the stunning differences. To our right was a quiet casual linen dining room to our left was a traditional bar crowd chatting with servers. 
We went right which opened up into a sun room that was perfect. We started with a couple of delicious cocktails served perfectly. The St. Germaine was served bruised in a heavy ware glass that was oddly self-pour over a water glass of ice. Whatever it was was worth the $12 - I would have paid $16 because it wasn't a drink for doubles.
Fried Pickles are the appetizer of champs. Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Portland, and Louisianna all have strong fried pickle options. However, the light crisp of the tempura batter on crunchy Claussen-like pickles was only surpassed by the goat cheese ranch dipping sauce. I believe these pickles could be my favorite fried item outside of potatoes. The serving was totally small plate size. Between the two of us (eaters) we had 2 left over. The price was $6 and they were easily worth $8. 
The owner (manager?) checked the dining room to see what could be done to help in the steady flow of the service. She brought out my son crayons and a coloring book as well as some delish fruit and coffee cake (?) for the tables. It was a nice touch.
The grilled chicken and brie was only $11. I'd pay $14 and think I was getting a great deal with this sandwich. My husband's duck confit hash with poached egg was super amazing. The only thing that would have made it perfect would be to offset the duck/potato ratio. Less potato or more duck. Either way, it was fabulous.
Dessert.. Dessert... Dessert... Maybe you weren't expecting us to get dessert. I get it. We tried the Butterscotch Pot de Creme with whipped cream and the Cherry something with Marshmallow Cream and Vanilla Ice Cream. The only edible part of those dishes would be the ice cream and marshmallow cream. 
Overall, it was a strong 4 out of 5 and could only be a 5 out of 5 with a little more attention to detail on the finishing touches of the meal.