Haters gonna hate! LORENZOS plain slice is bomb.com!!! Slices the size of your head - NOM!! I don't know how you can possibly give this place anything less than 5 stars?!?! Pizza is ALWAYS hot and fresh! Peep the line out the door from open to close! It's even good cold for the morning after a long night of boozing! LOVE this place, a true Philly landmark!I tried a bit of my partner's slice and it was no bueno. I made a face and he said, "Yeah, you obviously haven't had enough to drink." Maybe this pizza is good when you're drunk and can't taste anything.  I thought it was strange they don't offer any kind of toppings except one day a week. Maybe I'll hit this spot up again when I am drunk....but probably not.Great place for a quick bite of pizza. Prices are rising, though. A slice will be $3.00 starting the month of December.
If you are getting slices, they are only available in plain cheese, no toppings! However, if you order a pie... ask for whatever toppings you like. 
Slices are definitely generous, however taste can be inconsistent. Some days, I would get them freshly made and think.. "damn, this is some bangin pizza!"...and on other days, I would get slices that have been sitting out for a bit and think.. "ehhh... not so great" Either way, I'd lather on the oregano, red pepper flakes, black pepper, cheese and get my grub on.
I would give it four stars, but I have to subtract one due to inconsistency in taste.Don't you feel extra hungry after a few alcoholic beverages; like you can demolish 2 cheesesteaks or a whole pizza pie? This is the place to go! Their pizza by the slice is the size of a infant. 
Proceed with caution! If the pizza just came out of the oven, the yummy, gooey cheese WILL burn the roof of your mouth. But then you'll bite into a thin, crunchy crust and everything will be ok.
Very good late night eats, if you're in the area. If you're not, catch a cab!Questions: 
1) why is it so unusually sweet and greasy? 
2) why did i eat this huge slice of a mess? 
3) why didn't i just stumble a couple steps more to get steaks at SOS? 
Answers: 
1) only Lorenzo and son know. 
2) so i had a couple drinks earlier that night... 
3) see the answer above. +2 more drinks. *shrugs*They're a solid 3. You literally get half a pizza for $3.50. My friends brought me here during happy hour for a slice of pizza and they didn't give me a warning because they wanted me to be in "shock"
Well, I was. The slice is ridiculously large. You can feed a family of 4 with this thing.
The pizza itself was actually pretty good. Sauce and cheese were good. Crust was nice and crisp. Seems like the perfect place to come in after a few drinks.
I'll be back if I'm in the area again.If you want a huge under cooked, greasy oil pit of a pizza that has Chef Boyardee's Spaghetti O's sauce this is your spot.Ninja Turtle pizza!! My friend kept calling it the ninja turtle pizza because the slices were GINORMOUS!!!!  probably the biggest pizza I've had..  We were in Philly for the weekend and worked up an appetite after bar hoping and saw this pizza place.. The line brought us over but the security outside scared us.. Nonetheless, we're only in Philly once, so we decided to wait it through int the long line and ordered a pepperoni pizza to take back to our hotel.. The pizza was pretty good, not sure if I would've enjoyed it sober... they were thin and greasy which perfectly hit the spot, soaking up all the alcohol we just consumed.  Great way to end the night!Do yourself a favor and skip the line at Jim's Steak and head down the street to Lorenzo & Son's! Since we were a large party, we decided to order a whole 28" pie! We Loooooved it!! We were the envy of everyone on the street as we walked back to our car. The slices are as large as my cat and the sauce is just as sweet! And don'let a long line scare you away, the service is fast and friendly! There is just no way you will be disappointed!Delicioussssss! Best pizza perfect for breakfast lunch and dinner! Cheese only! It has survived the fire and has come back just as strong! So good!!I used to go to Lorenzo's when I was in high school, and even though it was a long trip to get there, and even though the building was filthy and small and over-crowded, I loved eating there.
I don't go to South Street that much anymore, but I stopped into Lorenzo's for old times sake, especially when I saw that they had renovated the building and made it look a lot nicer.
Apparently, the improvement of the interior did nothing for the quality of the food. The pizza that I got was nowhere near as good as what I remembered. What I especially didn't like about it was that the tomato sauce, as little of it as there was, had a sugary sweet taste to it. That was a total turn off, and if I wasn't starving I don't know if I would have finished it.
I'm sorry but this place is seriously over rated. It used to be good but it isn't anymore, and I am amazed that people are still willing to wait in a 30 minute line to eat this stuff.
Pros
-the recent renovation they did took this place from filthy to fabulous
Cons
-the quality of the pizza has seriously declined, I would never go back now, even though I used to be a huge fanBiggest slice of pizza I have ever scene. The entire pizza takes up the entire pizza oven. $3.93 a slice but with its good taste and size it's well worth it. Friendly staff too.The place is small, only for going in and getting out; not really a place to stay and chill. It's a fast paced pizza place, but it seems like people have a lot of expectations for how they want it to be. 
I absolutely love Lorenzo's pizza and I haven't found a place that tops it yet. Me and my boyfriend come here whenever we have a craving for pizza and we both enjoy the sweet tomato sauce that no other place I've been to has. We got a pie before so we were able to get extra sauce on it. Amazing. 
The best time to get Lorenzo's is during their peak hours (night time) any other time, the pizza isn't piping hot. 
Btw, I don't have to be drunk and wasted to enjoy Lorenzo's pizza.Customer service sucked. The guy at the counter had such a nasty attitude rolling his eyes. Turning his head away as if he was disgusted. I mean beyond rude. Plus the pizza doesn't taste the same anymore. That was the spot growing up, not so much now.Best pizza in Philadelphia. That's all you need to know.
Oh, you should also know that they are cash only.
Oh yeah, and that if you buy by the slice, you can only get cheese, no toppings. If you try to order a slice of pepperoni, others in the line may laugh at you. So you should probably bring a friend with you and tell them to order a slice of pepperoni.*
*Laughter may vary depending on people in line.1/29/12 was the first time I came here. From what I remember about this place, the registers were up front and you ordered and then you walked all the way to the back and eat while standing. It's mostly cheese pizza, no other toppings. From what I heard, there's toppings done on pizzas on Tuesdays. I don't mind cheese pizza, I like it but I'm so used to toppings on my pizza. Service is good as usual, they did rebuild this place since it caught on fire and I think that was 3 years ago. Everything is all up front, there's no seating, no walking to the back, you just stand at a table and eat while you watch TV.Landmark / Cafeteria line.
my brother took me here right after Pat's.
Hugh Slices for 2 bux i'm a man, i really cant complain.
just throw some peppers on that and get out.Probably one of the better places for pizza in philadelphia. Its right on south street so it is convenient. the slices are hugee. its open till 2am.THE BEST!!! I lived in Philly briefly when I was 19 years old and eating a slice or two at Lorenzo's from time to time remains my fondest memory of that city. I saw concerts, met people, played music in bars, etc..... NOTHING COMPARES TO THAT PIZZA! Lorenzo's is still my favorite aspect of Philadelphia. Whenever I go back to Philly, it's 1st on my list of places to hit. I just told a friend to stop in on her trip to Philly.... I just wish I was along for the ride.Not sure it's possible to beat this pizza anywhere. I don't know what they do to that cheese but I want to put it all over my body and become that pizza. The slices are huge, cheap ($3.50) and perfectly cooked. There's a reason this is part of 'The South Street Challenge.' Cash only, but they have an ATM onsite. The line you'll wait in is worth it. I promise.I have had Lorenzo's a few times. It isn't bad, it really isn't. I feel like its something to try and experience. The first time there was a crazy long line. If you want a topping, you have to order an whole pie, which I imagine you would need a small army to eat. They don't take credit cards. I think taste wise its pretty average.Come on people!!!
You don't have to be drunk or desparate!!! This is truly pizza at it's finest! Sure, it's no sit down  fancy Italian restauraunt.... but if you are just looking for a quick bite on your South Street Philly adventures....stop and get a slice. Worth it!I was born and raised in New York, and I moved to Philly for my job. At home, good pizza is just around the corner, and pretty much on every corner; whether it's in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and even Long Island (where I'm from). Pizza is a staple in my diet - the ultimate comfort food. Since moving here I have not found a decent slice of pizza, and I will not stop until I find something that even slightly resembles the deliciousness of New York pizza. So, if you're serious about pizza, follow my reviews, because I'll be reviewing every pizza joint I eat from to let you know what's worth it and what's not.
That being said, this pizza is nothing special except for its size. This is by far the largest pizza I have ever eaten. There are some places in New York that do similar things with size, but I haven't tried. The novelty of this jumbo slice isn't enough to save it from it's incredibly mediocre taste. 
Lorenzo's uses a semi-sweet sauce which I don't particularly care for. The dough is also sweet and makes for a thicker, chewy consistency. The crust is non-existent, as a good pizza will have a very defined crust that acts as the pizza's spine.
Half pepperoni and half mushroom (which come from a can) ran 22 bucks. A single slice is $2.75. 2 stars because of the ridiculous size, but if it were a normal pie I'd only give it one. If you want a good pizza, go elsewhere.Just had Lorenzo's again today after not going there for several years, and guess what---it's still the shizz. One slice is definitely enough to fill me up, and it's just.. so good. I've missed you!Best pizza in the city. 
Don't go here if you wanna sit and eat and don't ask for toppings on a single slice. They're like the Soup Nazis.
The slices are GIGANTIC, the cheese is gooey, the sauce is sweet, and the dough is buttery and golden brown. It's worth standing outside and balancing your drink and paper plate while getting heckled. Trust me when I say I have yet to try a piece of Philly pizza that compares.More then just "large slice" or simply "decent late night" pizza.  I have been going to Lorenzo's for years and have always bragged about it to people from out of state.  
I have now been back 3 times since the fire and 2 of the 3 times has been a really good piece of pizza. 
Well done crust just a little crunchy.  The cheese was great and the sauce was good as always.  
Try the hot sauce on the slice as well.Their pizza is HUGE! No joke! The moment I walked in, I saw a guy putting in a ginormous pizza into the oven.  I wasn't too hungry, so I just ordered one slice for $3 and was very satisfied.  The cheese was so warm and savory.  
The only thing I did not like about this place was t he eating area. The only eating area is in the back where you stand up and eat.  All of that is fine, but all three walls are mirrors.  It's pretty awkward cause you're just staring at other people or you catch someone else watching you eat.  It's a pretty tiny room so it's hard not to feel uncomfortable.This is not the best pizza in the world, but damn does it hit the spot when you want it.
HUGE (i mean, big, see picture to view scale) slice for $4. $4.50 if you ask for it in a box. Line can get long but it moves super fast. No toppings for slices, either. If hungry, I can eat one slice on my own. If not that hungry, I usually share with a friend or two.
Super thin dough, but the sauce is nice and sweet and the cheese is hot and plentiful. They have parm, red peppers, and oregano to add. Standing room only if you can squeeze yourself in but the turnaround for people to eat and leave is rather quick.My favorite pizza in the world, hands down. It's in a new location now since the old one burned down. But it's the same deal as before....no utensils, no toppings, no b.s.. Just good ol' delicious slices of plain pizza. The slices are so big they use two paper plates to serve them. Do yourself a favor and check out Lorenzo's if you find yourself on South Street. This is REAL East Coast Pizza!Cash only. Huge Slices. No seating.
But damn, this is the best pizza to have when you are finished a show at the TLA or leaving a bar on South St. It had a very sweet sauce and a tasty crust. You can only get toppings on Tuesday so I hope you like cheese. They have some stuff you can sprinkle on like parmesan and garlic...and hot sauce. Lines can get pretty long and there is definitely that philly attitude but I would recommend this to anyone.Well, this place is supposed to the best in Philadelphia for NY style thin-crust? I'm not impressed. The slice is oddly sized. 1 slice is too little for a meal and 2 is way too much. But on a second thought, it might be perfect size for late night snack after a few rounds of beers...
The taste...the crust is too bready and thick. It doesn't have the crust that good NYC pizzas are so famous for (yes, i'm a fan of thin crust). I saw that for some people the cheese was bland, but I found the whole pie to be on the saltier side than ideal. Perhaps they are inconsistent since I rarely think anything is too salty.I was wondering why the regular slices were 4$, and when i got it...boooom...huge slice! Lol I'm from north jersey, you know we are picky with our pizza being we are so close to nyc...and Lorenzos *kisses to the sky with hand* got some good pizza my man!So I enjoyed my giant piece of pizza, to the tune of a very reasonable $2.75. It was cheesy, the crust was crispy, the sauce had presence - sauce is the most important element of a slice. I HATE a dry slice.  Way to go Lorenzo's. 
It wasn't what I expected. I expected something thick and saucy and cheesy and massive. Instead, it was an albiet large, but pretty normal looking piece of pizza. Flat. But once I started eating it, I was pleasantly surprised.
Also, it was portable. I ate it while driving. Dig it.Biggest pizza slices of life! I didn't even know how to hold it so I had to fold it in half to eat. Yea, I know I sound like a total fatty. Very interesting pizza place. If you order by the slice, you can only get cheese pizza. There's signs warning you to not even bother asking for toppings or parmesan. So east coast! While I'm usually not a fan of just cheese pizza, I thought this was pretty good and definitely filling! At $2.50 a slice, you can't really go wrong.
There's no seating in this joint. You can walk towards the back and stand in the fun house type room (there's mirrors on every wall!) to eat your slice there. 
You can also order by the pie for about 20 bucks.The pizza slice sizes are enormous! I didn't believe it when I saw the reviews. I was originally recommended to come here by a friend and man was it worth it. Not only is the pizza huge, but so frickin good. I think it's definitely the sauce that makes it stand out from the rest. 
Lorenzo's is a one of my must stops in PA whenever I go by.
The place is pretty small with limited eating area, but despite that, amazing place. Must go.In truth, I don't think any pizza is really worth 5 stars, I mean c'mon, it's just pizza. But  - I wanted to compensate for the oversensitive types who only gave it one star because they didn't like the rude signs, or the mirrors, or the attitudes of the employees... (Yeah, as if their jobs are so great they owe you smile when they serve you an amazing slice of pie). 
I ate a slice today as I walked up South Street in 26 degree coldness. It was hot and delicious, the crust had the perfect balance of thinness and crispness, the cheese was hot and moist and gooey, By the time I turned the corner at 4th, it was so cold out, it was like eating pizza out of the refrigerator the day after. And it was STILL awesome.
I would go back there any day or night for J& Sons pie and I don't care how long the line is or what the pizza guy's attitude is. It's well worth the $2.75.  Hey, they're pretty undiplomatic down the street at Jim's Steaks. I'm not about to stop going there, either. It's so "Philly"The best $3 (or $6 if you're a fat kid like me) you'll ever spend at 2 am on a Saturday night.  Nothing washes down regret and poor decisions like a triangle of melty, cheesy goodness the size of your torso.
Confession: sometimes I drink just to justify a late night Lorenzo's purchase.There pizza is just delicious. I have no idea what their secret ingredient is but whatever it is, it is working. Quick food on South Street when you just wanna grab that bite and not sit down and continue exploring the artsy fartsiness of South Street.Best place to get enormous pizza slices for cheap. It's awkward to walk around with such big, greasy food, but everyone on South Street is used to it. Love to get a gremlin to go with my pizza :)Huge pieces of pizza for around $3? Yes please! There pizza is the equivalent of really food boardwalk pizza. It's a small place with no seats but you can stand near the counter. They only offer toppings on Tuesdays so I hope you like plain cheese pizza! There's. I fountain drinks only bottle - bummer because I'm a fan of fountain soda over bottle any day! The service is quick and they only take cash so be prepared!Don't sweat the roaches....this is 3am pizza at its finest...Pizza price is fair. Large slices about a quarter of a pie. First slice was tasty. Went back for a second that slice was tasteless lacked any sauce and very little cheese tastes rubbery not worth eating. If they could be consistent I all would be goodPizza was hot and ready on time. Perfectly cheesy and not terribly greasy. Reminds me of NYC style. 
Even though the line was long the service was still quick. I would like to come back to try some pasta.This place sells very large slices that are always fresh due to how much people purchase them. The slices are great, running about $2.75 each (supply and demand, eh?) and it's open late. There's nothing like eatting this pizza drunk.Mmmmmm large pizza slices when drunk. Must I say more? Also if you are like my roommate you are going to ask if we should order 4 slices instead of two. I laughed at her, but then again last weekend I attempted to steal my friends slice after I finished my own.A few years ago I was very disgruntled over the downsize in the slices, since moving away and now returning to the city, the slices are back to their large, normal, delicious size. Thank you.Here's another local gem in Philly that's worth visiting if you're in the mood for pizza. 
Upon entering, you're greeted to no frills but bright clean dining area with cozy standing space for a small casual group. Definitely a place that you can take your pals for a quick eat. 
As for the pizza, the centers are thin but dense with just enough crust throughout the bottom to have a crisp crusty bite. The sauce is ample, moist, favorful, and a bit sweeter than at other places that I've tried. A slice is huge. Enough for settle those  cravings for bread and grease after having a few too many brews if that sounds familiar.
Lastly, there's a nice spread of cheeese. It's quality and have some napkins handy because there's enough there to stretch. $3.50 for  slice. You can't go wrong.It's a Philadelphia standard.
You get cheese steaks at any one of the more notable locations...and while on south street if you pass up Jims, you stop by Lorenzos for your giant slice.
Cash only, and occasionally you can get toppings. 
It's ok. The pizza isn't bad. It's just not better than three stars.
One thing that is important to remember is that they are open late, in an area with lots of bars. It's a perfect business strategy. 
It's tasty, it's big, it's convenient. 
There you go.this might be the best pizza shop pizza ive had in philly. (excluding specialty fancy stuff) this is no nonsense, huge, and super cheesy. my fav part was the perfect crust. this is a perfect late night stop to feed your alcohol only stomach. no one even cares thats its packed, and there are no seats, because its instant gratification.Best Best Best Ever!
The staff is quick and efficient even if you have to wait in a line out the door and around the corner!!!
The pizza is quality and of course, the slices are HUGE!  
All good things to say!Good slice. A bit bland. Huge slice! Takes up two plates and took me walking up to 9th st. till I finished it.Pretty much gotta fold it.Haven't had one in a while; better than I remember. Last time the sauce was too sweet. Better this time.
Not the best slice in town. As a matter of fact I had a slice of peperoni the same day @ Gianfanco (3rd & Market) that blew Lorenzo's away. Better crust, sauce and cheese; lots of pepperoni and almost as big for only $3.This has been on my list for so long, I'm so glad I finally ventured down to try it! Everyone talks about Lorenzo's as the perfect cap to a night out, but my friends and I never seem to be anywhere that it's on the way home from. This past weekend we decided to go out of our way to try it. Totally worth it! The cab stopped at a red light and I feel like we were back out before the light even turned green. The guys in there slapped the slices in the box so quick and we were on our way. The slices are HUGE and the pricing seemed reasonable. A great late night spot, I'll probably be back too often.The slices at the famous pizza joint are epicly huge!! And cheap! It wasn't the best tasting pizza I've ever had but it got the job done. It's definitely the kind of pizza you want to eat at 4 AM on a night you've been partying hard.This has been my favorite pizza place for years, my cousin introduced me to it back when she lived in Philly & ever since, I have to get it every time I'm there.
Sadly, when I was there this past weekend it really wasn't as good as I remember. I can't imagine that they would've changed the recipe, maybe my taste buds have evolved. I still liked it and ate the whole slice though. :P
I like their rules, as it makes it fast & efficient. Anyone who complains about cash only is silly...  I guess it's inconvenient if you're getting a whole pie, but it's a hole in the wall local spot & slices are less than three bucks, get over it!Grew up eating pizza from this place when hanging on South St. was like being in Times Square (for teens). I actually think the pizza size has gotten BIGGER. When served freshly hot, makes you wanna slap ya momma! Make sure you wait for a pie to come out instead of the pre-made ones sitting (although they don't sit long) to the side because it's not as addictive. Try it with hot sauce! It's $3.50 for a slice that can feed 2 people.
This is the brother pizza to a place in Savannah GA that tastes and looks identical; wonder if their related!best pizza in the city.  i'm lucky to get out there when i can since its a little far from me.  it can be the perfect food.  i love it.A staple of South Street serving MASSIVE slices of pizza for 3 dollars each. The pizza is great, so great that it has captivating powers. It just draws you in. I cant walk by Lorenzos without stopping in for a slice regardless of whether I am hungry or not. Pretty sure most people that have been there before would say the same. All it takes is the first slice.It's really really big pizza. 
I hear that it's "New York" styles but I've never seen pizza this big in New York.5 all day, big taste out of a big slice. The atmosphere is small and homey. The price is dirt cheap for a huge slice (3.50). Deff a must in Philly!!!It wasn't until recently that I noticed the divide between Philadelphians over the Lorenzo issue. I've heard the arguments about the sauce, the crust, the service, etc. To this day, though, I'm still of the crowd that thinks of Lorenzo's as pizza crack.
I've always appreciated the cheesy, greasy attitude of the slices (I say this as someone who often loves his pizza half drowned in sauce). I also appreciate the no BS approach to slices and service that I get whenever I go. The only mistake I've ever made was trying to eat a whole pie between two people.
I feel like I know the difference between good and bad pizza. That said, I have often made the long walk down S Street just for a slice and Coke (doesn't matter what time of day). Granted I sometimes feel like a big mess when I take that last bite, and I'll always hate the people I'm waiting in line with. But you know what? I guarantee I'll be craving it again come this weekend.Went there a few days ago after the reopening and was glad that they still got the great pizza we all know and love. 
I really think they shot themselves in the foot though with the redesign of the place. Firstly, no fountain sodas? seriously? I guess all the other high volume places are doing it all wrong then. truthfully though.. bottles need to be carried, stored, take time to chill, and in my opinion, taste inferior. Secondly, maybe I was in on an off night, but the old setup could process about 2 customers a minute..  sometimes more depending on the staff. On the night I went, it was over 2-3 MINUTES per person..  there were people waiting in the tiny 6-7 person line for over 10 min..  that won't work here. The layout in the back seemed confused as well with the kitchen guys constantly struggling to keep from bumping into eachother and the girls up front. There was no Pepsi to be had cause they ran out of bottles. 
guys, you have great pizza, but judging by the people I saw out front changing their mind about waiting in line, you're gonna need to step it up a bit if you wanna rake in the cash and put those 4 ovens to good use. 
One more thing I noticed..  2 plates for each slice? just fold it over like the old days.. it makes it awkward to carry two slices on 4 halfass plates.best pizza in philly.  i think there might be crack in it because it is seriously addicting.Sober up after a night of dancing in Old City with a slice from Lorenzo's just a few blocks away. The family business has been serving pizza for decades and I know why--their HUGE cheesy and cheap slices have kept college kids, locals and visitors returning for more. There's no seating, just tacky mirrors all around, but who cares? You're chowing down your pizza within minutes anyways.Hands down one of the best pizza I've had in Philly , and the slices are huge. What's not to love.This is hands down absolutely the worst pizza that I have ever eaten.  The slices are enormous but have no flavor whatsoever.  There is almost no sauce, the cheese is extremely low quality and the crust is very bland.  I understand it mainly serves as  drunk pizza, but I have even gotten hammered specifically to eat this and couldn't even choke it down drunk.Not my favorite pizza in the city. But it's open late, and the slices are huge.Could this be the perfect slice? Lorenzo and Son's only sells on thing, pizza, and this is one of the best plain slices in Philly; maybe one of the best slices I have every had. Perfect crust, perfect amount of cheese, sauce that is not too sweet but assertive enough to make a statement. The slice is easy to eat. Easily folded. No running grease. The cheese is set nicely and doesn't pull off. 
Each slice is $3.00 (or $21.00 for a 28 inch pie). Worth walking the length of South Street just for this slice!When you are drunk, this is definitely the best food that helps that craving but we also come here when we are sober. Don't expect to get any fancy fixing...just expect the plain cheese pizza. Yes it is greasy and yes it is delicious. The slices are so large that it equals to two slices from a regular pizza joint. My brother-in-law would make a pit stop when he is DE for business just to bring home a pie back to VA for his family for dinner from Lorenzo's. Crazy! but is that good.This is my place to go when I crave pizza. First off, the slices are gigantic. You get your money's worth. Secondly the place and the customer service is great. No complaints here..This was delicious. Huge, greasy, exactly what I wanted. Yum.Huge slices, straight-to-the point attitude, and my last two bucks were enough to foot the bill. I found heaven at 3 am and so can you.
This place is the late night/early morning savior. Whether you're there for dinner or carbo loading, this place hits the spot. The amount of melted cheese nearly cut off my air way, but I know my dear Lorzeno meant no harm.
Peace.I would never come here sober. But when you're wasted near South street and nothing else is open at 3 am, these cheap, huge slices of "pizza" are pretty okay. Sure, the sauce is too sweet and the cheese is too rubbery, but when you're drunk and hungry you don't notice it as much. 
It's kind of like a really shitty version of Koronet's in Morningside Heights.I have lived near south street for a while now and have seen this place go from $2.75 slices to $3.50. I like the pizza, but of course its not the best ive had. It is great for late night drunk trips but I would choose another place for a mid day pizza place. The slices are huge though which is why the price is high I suppose.the best pizza... 5 stars...no bathroom makes it a 4...pizza gets no better in Philly!Came here because of Jesse and Gina from Prank Vs Prank on YouTube. Was not disappointed at all. You know the pizza is good when you have a hired security guard, guarding your entrance with a pistolThis place will always be my to go to pizza joint.
the servings are HUGE and reasonably priced.
I've been coming here for as long as i know.
You can't go wrong with the pizza.
 just make sure you order a plain slice unless you plan on getting a whole pie for toppings cause they don't do it!!!I'm from Chicago, and EVERY time I go to Philly Lorenzo's is a MUST HAVE!!!! Damn! I am ashamed to say this is the best pizza I've ever had being from Chicago. Now don't get me wrong (don't get it twisted), our deep dish pizza is all that, but this is definitely the best made thin crust pizza EVER (hoping Chicagoan Yelpers don't view this post)! Ahhh...Yummy!Yum. Is there more to say? The pizza was delicious and fresh out the oven. The advantage of only selling slices (and only cheese) is that each pizza is cut and served, none of that reheating junk.everything youve heard about this place is absolutely true. the slices are ginormous. covered in grease. pretty low quality, but awesome for a late night grab when youre crazing the grease (which does not happen to me infrequently, so ive been there several times). its also cheap.
so if youre in the old city/south street area and you want some greasy late night grub. go to lorenzos. if thats not your style. dont go.
its a small establishment, no seating. cash only.
also, dont eat it right before you sleep. your bowels will destroy you the following morning. and if youre looking for a new experience, grab a slice or two of lorenzos, then head up South st a couple blocks to Jim's and get a cheesesteak. wrap a slice of lorenzo's around the cheesesteak and enjoy this philly taco.It was a big ass cheese Pizza. On saturday night, around midnight there was a rude ass bouncer there too. I can understand the need for it because of the rowdiness of the crowd out and about, but yeah it wasn't as great as the bouncers/owners seemed to think it was. Sure it was huge ass slices of pizza, but that's all it was. It was novelty. The flavor was just like any old pizza, just x 2.
Don't get me wrong, it was a great value at $3, but I definitely wouldn't go back for pizza that's more novelty than substance.duh. it's lorenzos, it's delicious. huge slices and oh so crispy crust, it's worth the wait it line. don't ask me the price because i'm usually in the bag when munching on it. sooooo good!Disappointing, I couldn't make the "Philly Taco" with my slice... oh the disappointment. BUT the slice was ewwy and gooey and delicious. I've been to their West Chester location and it just doesn't compare. Plus you can't beat that price for a full belly! Yum!I told a friend of mine that I really don't know what either good Chinese food or good pizza really tastes like.  It is all on a scale of "this is making me ill" to "this tastes pretty good tonight".
With that in mind, Lorenzo's makes a good slice.  I would definitely go back here.  If you want a slice, all you can order is cheese.  The slices are huge so most likely you'll only need one.  The sauce is more sweet than it is spiced (i.e. oregano, etc.).  It's a floppy piece of pizza, but not too greasy.  If I was in the neighborhood and wanted something to eat, I'd go here, but I'm not going to go out of my way just to eat pizza here.
Oh yeah, the "dining area" inside is a total 1970s mirrored wall Champagne Room.  No stools, no tables.  Just a  half counter along all the walls and stale air to lock in the fresh pizza smell.Who doesn't like massive slices of pizza for only $2-$3 per slice? Wait time was not long at all (granted my boyfriend and I only went to get 2 slices of plain pizza to make the must-try-at-least-once Philly Taco). Slices were on point - not too greasy/cheesy for a slice that big and not too lacking. PLUS, it's located in South Street, which has so many other great stores and sights to see!
Just be mindful that it is cash only, and I know they have other special deals throughout the week, but I am unhelpful in that department. Looking forward to going back someday.I made the mistake of walking in here one day with my hair all messed up, and unshaven, and ever since then the guy behind the counter calls me Abe, or Mr President.  Whatever.  This is indeed the best pizza in the city.  Huge slices, so you only need to order one.  Whatever they put in the sauce is delicious.  Wow.  I'm fiending for some right now.
Don't even think about eatting in Lorenzo's though.  Its a walkin closet.  Get your delicious tasty pizza, and then get the hell out.Picked up a slice from here whil walking down South Street. The slice was huge and tasted great. It was addicting but thankfully we took it to go and kept moving! Great pizza!There is crack in this pizza, I know it. The dough has a hint of sweetness and is always baked to perfection. Not too crispy, not soggy, perfect cheese-sauce-crust ratio. They would get 5 stars if they delivered.  They would get my firstborn if they FedEx'ed to California.The best late night pizza ever! huge cheesy slices hit the spot after drinking for hours at Copa on South St...so glad they were able to reopen after the fire. They're a great family, Congratulations!!!I agree the pizza slices are HUGE and cheap! but when it comes to the taste.. ugh! Id eat this only after a night of drunken stupor bc at that point, everything tastes good! But any other time, their pizza is just bland bland bland.
Oh and what is up with the room in the back?! All those mirrors wall to wall. Add a bed and it'd be a pervert's heaven. :(In Philly for a work conference and Lorenzo & Sons was recommended by a local.  We were staying just off 13th & Pine so a nice 20 min walk along South Street to Lorenzo & Sons.  The pizza was as described...nice crust & ok sauce and cheese...and crazy large slices.  At $4 a slice, it was worth going just for the experience.  There is very limited seating inside and the interior is not all that clean...most people grab a slice, fold it together and eat outside.  There was a short 4 minute wait and the service is quick.  They only had cheese pizza when we stopped by so if you are looking for other toppings, you may wish to pass.
It was positive food experience and happy to recommend Lorenzo & Sons if you are in the area and looking for a quick pizza fix.Best Pizza In town hands down.  I love to go here twice a week at least and I am from Italy originally so it has to be goodIn reading some of the other reviews here, I can't help but imagine how slow and crowded and rowdy this place would be at 1:30 am on a Saturday if they didn't have rules in place to prevent the gang of drunks 
from taking over the space and becoming belligerent.  I have a feeling that the same yelpers who bitch about the rules now would be bitching about how long they had to wait, or how some drunk cut in front of them.
This place serves very good slices at breakneck speeds.  If you're looking for a place where you can take your time selecting a late night snack, I recommend a diner or wawa instead.  If you're looking for one of the few true "South Street Experiences" then stumble on up to the counter and enjoy the pizza on the sidewalk.I love me some Lorenzo's but they're not the best slices in Philly - just the most popular. Worth it if you're looking for spot to eat after drinking or if you're showing around friends from out-of-town.I used to love this place, but I just stopped by tonight and was pretty disappointed by my slice. It was huge as usual, but even with all my crushed pepper and oregano, I couldn't help but notice that the magic was gone. 
Also, every bite I took seems to just slide down my throat with the cheese. Kind of a choking hazard if you ask me. I want to give them another half star because of all those times before when that huge slice of pizza was fast, quick joy.I used to walk around and pretend like I didn't like pizza. Seriously, I would tell people I really wasn't into it, for whatever my imaginary reason were. I think it probably had something to do with being lactose intolerant for like 3 years of my life- however, now that (for whatever reasons) I can eat dairy again and not feel like I want to kill myself, I feel like I need to come out of the closet about pizza. I love pizza. and for years, I've been lying to myself and others. I feel as though I should shout it from the rooftops- because this love affair was put on hold for a few years, and I've got some making up to do.
Alright, now that that's off my chest. a haiku
Lorenzo's pizza
humongous slices, long line.
cheese filled grins for all 
Seriously. Lorenzo's reminds my a lot like pizza down in Cape May (shut up that's not blasphemy) but huger, and greasier- but worth it all. You can order a pie but they don't even carry boxes big enough to house their whole pies because they are a slices kind of place. But you can order a pie, though you really won't be able to eat it, nor will you and your 2 friends. you need like 5 people to eat a pie i think. 
I wouldn't recommend this place while drunk (funny because i think that's when lots of people go). but picture this with me- huge slices- greasy HOT cheese, your drunk self= burnt some part of your body. Just don't do it. Make a conscious effort to go sober. Enjoy your slice- then go drink. and eat some safer drunk food (chips? a cold hoagie?). you will be a happier person- i swear.Tried a slice at the 76ers game, the dough was burnt which is a big negative, sauce was light, but it's super cheese.  Overall experience it was good.So I don't fold the slice. I'm not in New York. No, its really not bad at all. I like that it's larger than my head and weighs more than my shoes. Oh, they're open really late? Okay.For a city that severely lacks late-night grub, Lorenzos hits the spot every time. Just wish it was more centrally located!This is most definitely my favorite place to grab a slice of pizza and is a south street classic! If you're broke and only have a couple of dollars this is the place to go for dinner or lunch! I seriously cannot wait to have another slice of Lorenzo's writing this review! The cheese is perfect and sauce is great! I love putting hot sauce on a slice. I can't speak to ever purchasing a full pizza from this place because two slices is more than enough for anyone! Two slices is basically the size of a small to medium pizza at least! If you're visiting Philly make sure to stop here you will not be disappointed!I come out of my way when I'm downtown to get a slice here. The clientele is "colorful" to say the least. I've had to talk to a guy about my underwear (?), pretend I was a lesbian, and get uncomfortably close to multiple waxed weirdos and sideways-wearing-caps dudes waiting in line. But seriously, it's worth it when it's a slice for two dollars out the door.
The best part about this place is that there's a police officer whose main job is to say "Ya can't stand near the doorway" as soon as you step out, pause, and try to take a bite. I mean seriously, that's his job! On that note, there's also a guy who works at Lorenzo's who just stands behind the counter presumably on line detail because all he does is look straight ahead. But I do know that I can't eat two slices no matter how hard I try. I walk in with big eyes and big ideas and instead walk out with a big stomach.Pizza is so good service is fast and good . Remember they just take cash  and staff is. Ice and friendly ohh and one slice is huge so if you order two be ready .I really don't know how to do Lorenzo and Son pizza justice with a review. I have come to find myself countless times wondering around the city and going back there to get pizza because I feel that it really is soo good. 
The pizza is big, the grease drips off of it(but not too much), its plain (no toppings allowed, and yes you must stand to eat your pizza, but it is one of those guilt pleasure things when you have a piece. The cheese is usually molten hot and its normally crowded, but this is one place that if you've never been there you really must try it.
I've never given a 5 star rating, but after having Lorenzo and Son pizza, I must agree that it is well warranted.Reminiscent of 2 Bros pizza back home in New York, Lorenzo's isn't gourmet fare by any chance. It's huge portions for a cheap price. A great on-the-go pizza for you to satisfy late night drunchies. It's crispy and saucey with the perfect amount of cheese. Plus I love the fact that it's steaming hot.I have to admit that I am not a big fan of pizza, but this place just kills it!  I was reluctant to grab a slice when my friend suggested it, but decided to give it a try.  The slice was enormous!  Nothing like that in LA.  Only cheese was available by the slice, but that was fine with me.  The crust was thin and the sauce had a mild flavor like I prefer, not tangy like I'm used to.  It was also a little sweet.  As I took that first bite I was skeptical, but when that bite hit my tastebuds I was very pleasantly surprised.  It was so good!  I had no intention of eating the entire gargantuan slice (took 2 paper plates to hold it), but that is exactly what I did.  I ate everything except the end of the crust.  It was that good.  
The place is tiny and there is only a standing counter where you can eat your slice.  You can order entire pizza's of various combinations, but the slice only comes in cheese. That is completely fine with me.Huge ass slices, awesome fountain sodas, and all at a cheap price. This place is awesome for dinner....or lunch....or brunch....whenever. Its so awesome.
Best. Pizza. Ever.Had to visit Lorenzo's while in Philly. I heard so many great things about this pizza joint and let me tell ya, my experience at Lorenzo's exceeded my expectations and satisfied my pizza craving. 
Small pizza joint, not much eating area. Crowded sometimes, with a line out the door but I promise the wait is worth it. Each slice is about $4.00 and they're HUGE. If you're around South St in Philadelphia, I highly recommend this place. You won't be disappointed.The way people talk about how this is the best Pizza of Philly reminds me of the way people say Mack and Manco's is the best Pizza of Ocean City. Its not the best pizza I've ever had in the city of Hate/Love. But I must say its pretty darn good pizza, and it sure hits the spot especially at 2:30AMIt is what it is. Love it. Everytime we're on tour and play a few feet down at the TLA, I make sure to get a slice (or two). They're not too friendly, not too fancy, not too flashy but they make a delicious pie. Battles NYC pizza to me.
If you frequent Uno's for the pazookies, or CPK for some thai chicken pizza bulls&!t, then you won't be down.Darn good slice of pizza for $3.  Tough broad behind the counter that did not look real pleased to have out-of-towners handing her money.  Ahhh, Philly.  A bit rough around the edges but what good food you have.  Completely mirror-covered standing room only in the back was one of the strangest places I've ever eaten a slice.  Kinda like a fun house.  Glad I visited Lorenzo's, but doubt it's the best pizza around.Awesome pizza, huge slices! The definition of a 'perfect pizza' is pretty indeterminate due to the fact that every one of the billions of people in this world has different tastes. So according to some, this is the 'best' pizza around, but I have to say otherwise. It's still pretty bangin' though! ;) Btw they only sell plain slices!Food: 4
Service: 2
Value: 4
Oh man, these ginormous slices are satisfying. I prefer plain pizza anyway, so there menu offerings are perfect for me.A Philly visit MUST!!!!!
Such a good pizza. Great sauce and crust. 
CASH ONLY!!! 
Don't be a punk and 'forget' your cash. This place is always hopping so be decisive.Best fold it pizza in Philly!!! No topping on slices. The pies are huge! 
Cash only. $3 per slice. 25 cents for a box. You can't go wrong. Quick and easy and frickin' delicious! 
Lorenzo's...where the customer is always wrong! LOL gotta love it! 
oh and they have no seating. So if you want to eat in... I can't say that would be a pleasurable experience. Standing up in a room full of mirrors, watching yourself eat... Just eat and walk to your next destination. HA!Guys - this isn't just pizza, it's a religious experience.  No, it's not crispy, no they don't have toppings, and no, they aren't even really that nice to you - but when you fold up one of their giant slices of sweet and tangy deliciousness, it all just works.  Nothing cures a hangover like a slice of Lorenzo's.  It's as much a Philadelphia tradition as Pats or Genos.  You only need one slice, it's as big as your head, and it's like $2 for dinner.When I lived on South St this was my go-to quick and highly economical dinner.  It has now become the place that we have to take my fiance's son every time he visits, and the place we will stumble to after a night at Fluid.  It is what it is:  a huge slice of cheap pizza that tastes good.  You don't need toppings, just extra napkins while you scarf it down before grabbing a cab home.Good enough for me when I'm down in Philly and I don't want a cheese steak. These slices are huge and pretty tasty but nothing like the NYC pizza I grew up and am in love with. I don't go there for customer service and I don't think I'd find any if I was looking for it. It's a get in and out kinda place and that's ok with me.The only pizza I specifically crave. There will be times I crave pizza in general, but then there are times when only this will hit the spot. Love it!Easily the best pizza in Philly. One slice is all you need and its only 3 bucks. 
I've happily waited in a line that stretched around the corner several times for these slicesA fire distroys a restaurant- it's a story we're all fairly acquainted with.... and a fishy one at that.  I mean sure, restaurants have all sorts of fire hazzards, but the biggest in my opinion is the owner.  When I heard Lorenzos burned to the ground earlier this year, my knee jerk reaction was that the owner had 'had it'... and I was devistated that I'd never be able to say a fair goodbye to the cheezy no-frills XL slice of deliciousness that had sustained me through many of drunk college nights and pre-sporting-event drive-bys.  
ALAS- I went on Saturday night for my Welcome Back Lorenzo's late night drunk slice.  I got there around 1:45a... just in time for mayhem.  I waited in line, turned the corner, and got my first glimpse of the new digs- it's awful.  It was never a nice sight prior to the fire... but at least it wasn't trying.  Now, it IS trying... and it looks like New York.  Pre--fire Lorenzos had a little area in the back where you could put a plate and a drink down, and stand to eat your pie.  Nothing fancy... but it got the job done.  Post fire Lorenzos built the same little area out of marble/granite (drunk?) in the front of the store.  Meh... What happened to my crappy pizza?
I kept an opened mind, and ordered 2 slices in a box... 1 for me, 1 for the boyfriend.  Total = $6.25!!!!!  That's $3/ slice + $.25 for the box  OK people I understand that the slices are huge... and that the pizza is delicious, but in college less than 10 years ago, I was paying $1/slice... then $1.25... so we're talking about a 140% cost increase!  When this happened to the cost of a gallon of gas, people were OUTRAGED!   The cost went all the way up to $2.25 before the fire.  The original increases was due to some tough econamic times... cheese and flour were more expensive... but now we're almost back to normal... yet the price continues to increase.  
And that would be ok if the pizza was as-good post fire as it was pre-fire.  It's close... but somethign was missing... the grit... the rudeness... the sense of joy when you got a huge-mungo slice, or the sense of reality when you got one of the smaller slices of the pie... the ever-changing staffers behind the counter taking on the crowd... 
Lorenzo's is back... that's the good news.  The bad news is its sort of like a former fat-kid that lost a lot of weight- its got a fancy new facade, and a cockey confidence that makes it kind of a dick.  I'll still swing by for the late night drunken slice, but the spot it had in my heart is narrowing...I know it's breaking some kind of unwritten law to say this, but, you know what? Lorenzo's pizza... well... it kinda sucks.
To go there late night means you essentially get a warm piece of dough with tomato sauce and cheese that has barely melted. To be fair, if you order a pizza from them when it's not 2 am, it's actually pretty good. Hence the second star (and when the day comes where Yelp allows us to give half stars, I'll bump it up to 2.5).  But, really, what's the point of eating here unless it's late and you're drunk? And at 2 am it is a doughy, saucy, cheesy nightmare of poorness.
Ugh. It makes me ill just thinking about it.Went for the first time after a show at the TLA. Line was out the door but we were hungry so we waited. It was worth the wait. Huge slices of excellent pizza. Inside is small but there was plenty of room to stand & eat. Can't wait to go back again!The best you can find on South Street. @$2.50 for any slice of pizza it is a sure win. Also, since it is so big, you have to hold it like a rifle to eat, definitely a truly enjoyable experience and is alright with me especially .At 2:00am or later = 5 Stars
Any other time = 3 Stars
Just remember... when ordering, just say how many slices you want. Don't give it an adjective, or use an alternative noun such as "plain", or "cheese". It doesn't work here. If you become a pro Lorenzo-er, you can even just order by a show of fingers (but make sure to still say please). This is because no matter how bad you want a topping, or parmesan cheese, or utincils... you're not getting it. That's not what you go to Lorenzo's for. What you go to Lorenzo's for is, a slice. If you order a "Slice of cheese", it sounds as if you are inferring that they offer any other variety of pizza, which is false.Great, great, great!
As an extra bonus, there is funny reading material scrawled on the walls from all kinds of drunk people who have sat at the small counter.Cash only! Huge slices of pizza after you've had a few.  A delicious stop in the late night hours when you are hungry and just want some pizza.  The full pie is extra huge and you better be willing to eat a lot because as thin as the slices are, they are seriously huge!  Make sure you put on the toppings that are out on the counter once you get your pizza!Eh, the hype isn't real... sauce too sweet & cheese had no flavor. I was disappointed i expected it to be yummy but nope I'll stick to nyc pizza barn much bigger slices & actually tasty!!!I have been coming here for almost 20 yrs! When they burned down I was truly sadden...opening day my family was back for our Biggest Slice of Pizza in Philly. On this day of August 6th 2018 I will NEVER patranized this business again, and neither will my family or followers. My spouse bought 2 slices and brought them to the car in the rain. I took 2 bites out of my slice and noticed a black oval shaped something on the upper part of my slice. I picked it up and it looked like MOUSE POOP. We took the slice back I spoke in a low tone and asked the guy does that look like MOUSE POOP? He responded "ONCE YOU LEAVE THE GLASS, IT'S ON YOUR ASS I'M NOT GIVING YOU NO FREE SLICE!" I said "It's not free I paid for it I just want your opinion and a clean slice like I always get." His response "you could be a poor person that bummed $4 to get a slice now you just want to complain, If you got it buy another one or GO THE F (FULL WORD) HEAD!" I said "you're right toss that for me please, have a good one"$3.50 a slice plus you pay for the box or the slice goes in a paper bag. Pizza is good. Could have a bit more flavor added to the sauce. Kinda bland. 
Perfect for late night snack (meal) after the bar.Gosh, I love pizza. 
Especially, if the slices are as large as my face! You need two pieces of paper plates, napkins, some dashes of crushed red pepper, and be sober enough to maneuver the pizza into your mouth without hot oil dripping down your arm. Thankfully, my numerous visits here have helped me excel at this process. $3 for a quick lunch, dinner, or early breakfast (if you count 2am!) if you are trying to prevent a hangover the next morning. 
AND! They are at the Wells Fargo Center! 
"So Jenn, heading over to Wells Fargo to see a Sixers game?"
"No, just going to eat Lorenzos."
Even if the Sixers lose, I still win.Huge slices, really quick. Only drawbacks are the tiny building with very limited counter space, so just take the slice and walk on. Also The fact that you get one topping choice- as in NO choice, all cheese, all day is just annoying, but hey they have hot sauce on the counter if you want to take it up a notch (that was sarcasm right there). Overall great place to go on rowdy south street after a night if drinking and dancing.The pizza is way too greasy.  You could seriously give a pack of 6 hoochlets jheri curls with one slice.  And The pizza is bland as hell.Back in the day I used to diss this place.  Now, my opinion is radically different. Maybe it was the 5 years I spent in California, or maybe my taste buds just changed, but this place really hits the spot.  
I went here last night to get a quick slice at night.  The place is like a pizza factory.  They just keep making new pies over and over again.  This ends up showing, because when you get your slice if won't need to be heated up and it will have a really fresh doey texture that makes you reconsider the history of your experiences with crust.  The sauce has a sweet flavor, which I didn't use to like, but now I do because...well it's different!  My friend told me that it's thought that they use a little grape jelly in it to get it this way.  The fact that I know the sweetness is strategic also makes me happier about the sauce. 
All and all, I'd probably have another slice..like right now.Do you want mofos staring you in the face while you gobble down one of these caricature sized slices? I didn't think so. The 2 plates are nonsense given they increased the size. They'd do better to get some sort of heavy duty paper and just wrap it like a cone. Now I knew the pizza was kinda bland before... but it's bland for real now. For real for real. Blandissimo! And I think their whole schtick now is not baking the pizza all the way. Who does that? This is supposed to be a comeback!
And why is the counter high as a church fence? It's not me I'm worried about. It's the kids. Somebody with fast hands can clean up in here (read: pickpocket).Everyone's talking about how good the pizza is and the size of it. I finally went and ate a slice. It was okay. I like mine with toppings and all. The place is small and the line can get crazy. But it is fast food. I do like how soft the dough is and enjoy eating the crush.Their pizza is good at any time, but nothing is better than a giant slice of Lorenzo's after a night out on the town.When you need a slice of pizza the size of your midsection come here. Lorenzo & Sons is open super late too so when you just need that one more slice they're there. One thing is the pizza isn't always the best, some nights its incredible some nights not so much. But hey $2.25 to get filled up and not everyone bats 1.000 right?Based on the other reviews it seems the best way to have this pizza is when you're drunk. Next time I should down a case of beer before trying this pizza again. It's mostly greasy cheese on top of a thin really doughy crust. I couldn't even taste any sauce. Did it even have sauce? I have no idea.
Note: This is based on having the pizza at the Wells Fargo Center; don't know if it tastes different at the original local.Pizza is so good and obviously you can't beat the price for how big the slice is. But seriously, can't we get another location or figure out some way to not always have a 10-20 minute line?????Toppings? No!
Parmesan? No!
Credit Cards? No!
Taste? No!
Huge slices? No!
Friendly service? No!
Am I ever coming back? Fuck No!Best pie in Philly.  Gigantic Slices, cheesey, paper thing crust folds like a nice pocket of how  a pizza truly needs to eaten.Lorenzo's continues to impress me. It's not the best pizza, but it fulfills the fast/cheap/good requirement that few other places match. At $3 a slice, one slice has the same pizza content as two slices anywhere else. It's the only pizza shop that serves slices that are bigger than my head! The big downsides are the place can get really busy and there's little space to eat and no restroom. The old Lorenzo's had a larger eating area and a restroom. If they fixed the space and restroom issue, I'd give it 5 stars.My boyfriend had to come here before we left Philly. The only thing special is that the slices are huge. You can only get regular cheese pizza in slices or a pie. All others you have to get a pie, which is 28inches. He got 2 slices of cheese pizza. I had a few bites. Taste good , regular.. Nothing really special except for the size. $3.00 a slice. A pie is about $20-something.Nothing bad to say about Lorenzo's here. Whenever I'm down South St and need a cheap meal, this is where I end up. Pizza itsself is a sweet sauce, right amount of cheese, and not too greasy, and two big slices are perfect for a man of my size. Was here St Patty's Night after 7 cups of Guinness and this was just what I needed. Even ran into a couple in the "Pizza Jail" in the back and talked about Wrestlemania for 15 minutes.
Definitely the place to go after a few cold ones when you're on South St and need something good and cheap.Wait, WHAT?! Who the hell DIDN'T give Lorenzo's 5 stars?!?!? 
Slice bigger than your face, hot and delish, interestingly sweet pizza sauce, guaranteed hangover prevention, only 3 dolla. 
Will you have pizza juice dripping down your face? Yes. Will you love it? Yes.
Parm, red pepper flakes, garlic powder. Boom. Grab some napkins and a spot at the counter (standing room only) or head outside (south street has the best people watching anyway).
Repeat after me: Pizza. Heaven.I stop by here every time I visit Philly. The pizza is pretty good, and the service is pretty fast.
I liked it a lot better when the location was huge. They shrank the place down by like 75%, so don't expect to get a table.
There also aren't any seats anymore. It's more of a grab & go type of place. Their prices went up, but I mean, you're paying for the size and the ability to get a shot of you eating this massive slice for instagram.
Despite everything, definitely pay them a visit.Why isn't philly known for their pizza?! Got myself a cheese pizza, put some of that garlic stuff on it, walked outside and that's it. Simple things in life bring you great joy. I kind of miss the old set up with all the mirrors, but hey the pizza hasn't changed.Best pizza ever. It's a huge slice and it's only $3.50! Love coming here before or after a drunken night in Philly.The BEST PIZZA EVER!!!!!!  Huge sloppy slices but sooo very delicious.Maybe it's the rainy weather or that I have to work a long day, but I'm just itching to leave a semi bad review. 
Whenever I see a place over-hyped like Lorezo & Sons, I use up a tiny portion of my tolerance for such BS.  So, maybe it's not just the weather, but perhaps Ive used up my recent supply of over-hype tolerance when walking past Geno's and Pat's steaks or other mediocre romanticized places that once were good but reputations allowed them to slump into mediocrity.
Their pizza is just OK.  It's not worth the hype. Gianfrancos in CC and Sout Philly, Rustica in N.libs, Taconelli's in Port Richmond, all are way better than this place.  I grew up in the far north east Philly area and let me just spell it out.  I've had ENOUGH floppy, tasteless, drippy pizza, thank you.  
Lorenzo's & Sons isn't the worst, mind you, but if it isn't obvious, isn't it possible the rave reviews are more a result of yelping patrons being less than sober?Love love love their pizza! absolute favorite place to eat on south street. 
Huge slices for a decent price. Cash only though so just keep that in mind!This is the place in Philly for pizza. Even after the fire, Lorenzo's is a South Street institution. all you can get is cheese slices but they are huge. I recently went for the reopening and I love the new look and design of the place. I have been going here for many many years and it is an icon of excellenceYou will read this over and over again in all the reviews: The slices are gigantic! But IMO they have the best pizza in the area. They have a great business location and are pretty busy so there may not be a place for you to eat inside. Once you order you'll need to find counter space to eat (there is no sit down) . It's a late night stop for me when in the city and usually after 11:00pm. You'll still find quite a few people in line at that time. Trust me - it's worth the wait.I'm not really sure why this place only has three ish stars because this was amazing! The restaurant itself wasn't amazing but the pizza was the best by slice I've had in a long time, huge slices and the flavor was amazing! I would have rather had some chairs to sit in but the pizza was so good it didn't matter! Check this place out!Came here last Friday night with a few friends. Not being from the area, we weren't sure what to expect. South Street was pretty packed and the line for this place was out the door. We waited for about 15-20 minutes before getting our slices. Things moved pretty quickly as the counter staff was working at assembly line level speeds.
Now, for the slice itself. I chose to just get a plain slice, which as other Yelpers have noted is rathe large as it takes up 2 paper plates. I liked the pizza quite a lot. For $3, I got a humongous slice that was very very cheesy. The general consensus for the party was more or less the same: we were all happy with our massive slices. I do wish, though, that the pizza had a little more sauce on it, but I left feeling quite satisfied. 
Would probably check this place out again whenever I'm visiting Philly again.I have to update my review of Lorenzo's. My first simply is not worthy of my experiences there.
This review is somewhat based on emotion and sentiment but as you'll see, my palate was well-positioned to make a judgement at the time I was first introduced to Lorenzo & Son.
It was September, 2004. I was living in New York and had just started dating the woman who is now my wife. She lived in Society Hill and the Chinatown bus made our relationship happen on weekends.
This was a Friday night, the first time I had come to Philly to be with her for the weekend. I was hungry and she assumed being from New York, I would be up for pizza. She took me to South Street for a slice at Zo's. She had already eaten and said her stomach was a little upset anyway.
I ordered one of their huge slices. Of course, they don't even offer toppings. The positive spin on that is that they do one thing and do it well. 
I was a fan at first bite. Remember, at the time I was living in New York City. I regularly enjoyed John's (the Village and Times Square), Rosa's in Penn Station and Garlic Bob's on the Upper West Side. Lorenzo's slice definitely did not beat those great establishments but the fact that I enjoyed it when I was used to such great pizza says something.
What says something more is the fact that as we strolled on South Street, my now-wife excused herself to step in an alley and throw up. I still had a decent bit of my slice in hand. The slices are huge, I had eaten plenty. It would have been easy (perhaps even the right thing to do) to throw the rest away. I couldn't do it. Even walking next to someone who had just lost their dinner, I had to finish that slice.
I'm telling you - Lorenzo's is that good!!!
I wound up moving to Philly and enjoying a slice from time to time. Just because they are on South Street and sell huge slices does not mean this is Pizza Mart in Adams-Morgan in DC, tasty only because of drunkenness. Hell to the no! This pizza is actually good. I've never actually had it while intoxicated.
I always wanted to order a whole pie - I imagine it must be massive - but I haven't had the opportunity. I haven't been back since I moved out of the city in April 2007 and that's a shame.
Bottom line, if a friend rolled up in their car and said we're going there right now, I'd be excited. That screams loud and clear that Lorenzo's is good pizza.First time in Philly to visit my wife's family and she brought me here. I love the atmosphere and the people, especially on the weekends. South st. Is the place to be at on the weekend for sure!
Being that I'm from the west coast, (California) this east coast pizza had me set. I would definitely recommend Lorenzo's and next time I visit I will FOR SURE be back!!!This place is what it is.  HUGE slice of cheese pizza at a cheap price for absolutely mediocre pizza.  Good if you are drunk, on a budget, or just want something quick and convenient.  Under no circumstances should you go out of your way to visit this place or take anyone here who wants really good pizza.  It is not really good pizza.  It is average/adequate pizza that is huge and cheap.The sentimentalist in me wants to give Lorenzo and Sons more than 3 stars, but I just can't do it.
I do not regret a single one of the greasy, bland, salty slices that have been slapped on a flimsy paper plate for me following a late-night drunken stumble to Lorenzo's, but you have to know what you are getting into to enjoy this place.  Believe the rumors: gruff staff; no seating; creepy mirrored "eating area"; no toppings on slices; charges for a box...  These very things that would incense you by the sober light of day somehow add to the charm of a drunken midnight snack.
The nicest thing I can say about the actual slices of pizza is that they are large.  The generous size coupled with the cheap prices offset the undercooked crust, overly sweet sauce, and cheap cheese blend.  You could do a lot worse on South Street at 3:00 in the morning.mmm! Friggen huge slices and delicious and only $3. Being from around New york, pizza in Philly is usually pretty disappointing. This place still doesn't do it for me compared to new york but its got its own great flavor to it that most pizza places around here dont. It's almost a bit on the sweeter side. The sauce could probably use an upgrade though.I was only here once, but I still remember it as the best pizza ever.  I will admit that I was starving.  It was late, about 2 am, and my friends and I had just gotten out of sitting in probably 2 hrs of traffic trying to get out of Camden after a concert.  We were hungry and had to go to the bathroom at the concert but figured we could wait till we got into the city to find good food and bathrooms with no lines, but after two hours in traffic we were starving and had to pee.  Lorenzo's was the only place open so it was terrific since it had both food and bathrooms.  Maybe my opinion was changed by the situation we found ourselves in, but I really thought it was great.i'm a pizza snob.  but then again i grew up in nyc.  and my take on lorenzo... not too bad.  the slices are huuuuge!!  they come steaming hot so let it sit on your plate for a few minutes otherwise the cheese will slide off the crust right before burning the top of your mouth.
there are no options at lorenzo's.  they only have plain.  and it's pretty fascinating to watch them make a pie that just looks too big for the oven.  there is also no seating area, just a standing room area in the back.
overall, the perfect late night snack after a night of imbibing and a place to wow your out-of-town friends.Nothing like Pizza and a show, I was eating my slice when a fire erupted and burnt the whole building down!
You can be sure I'll be first in line for the grand re-opening!For what Lorenzo and Son Pizza is, it is quite amazing. Open all day until very late at night, this pizza joint will definitely satisfy your cravings with great quality pizza in huge proportions for cheap. Cash only and with cheese being the only option (except for Toppings Tuesday) it can be slightly limiting. This place also has no seating with limited standing room. No time for pondering here - put in that order, quickly sprinkle your toppings, and enjoy it while walking down South Street!"The best tip for anyone drunk or sober, is to try it again when you're half a week older"
I don't know why I wrote that but it rhymes...
I digress....
This pizza is definitely worth the price per slice (2.75 per; how can you complain? You can buy two and still spend less than you would for a steak anywhere else in the neighborhood).
No toppings for slices (okay? do you get it? good...move on with your life).
I work in the area, I'm 24, and I'm what you'd call the "target audience" for most of the bars around here. There's a decent one next door with dollar bottles of a few brands until 10 pm (rolling rock, bud light and miller high life there ya go).
Best thing to do is take 20 bucks, buy yourself 10-12 dollars worth at the bar, have fun playing some pool, buy two slices at Lorenzos).
I've been there drunk and I've been there sober. Every time I came out I remained a fan. It's large slices of freshly made pizza at a dirt cheap price considering the size and effort they put into each pie and yes....I said effort. Why?
BECAUSE THE SAUCE IS FRESH....THEY LOAD IT WITH CHEESE.....AND THEY GET IT TO YOU QUICK
Anyone giving this less than 3 stars is clearly a pizza snob, and I lived in Brooklyn NY (pizza capital of the world!), ate a lot of pizza there (no I'm not fat I'm actually an exercise nut), and can honestly say that if Lorenzo's were to ever branch off to NYC, it'd fit right in and compete with the best pizzerias they have....
So give it a shot and take it from a true blue Yankee fan and New York Sports nut living in Philly.....IT'S THE REAL DEAL.....This place has terrible service and pizza to match. They are RUDE and RACIST. (and NO, I DIDN'T imagine this!!!!) If you enjoy being disrespected... this is the place for you!
For starters, they have rude signs hanging up that discourage you from asking ANY KIND OF QUESTION!!!  Basically, they want you to pay and GET OUT!!!!  The cashiers are curt  (for no reason) and appear to have a real chip on their shoulders. I'm sorry, but I have a reaal problem with giving my money to a place that doesn't seem to appreciate or want my business. They have no customer service  or socialization skills and they SLAM your money down on the counter!!!  (instead of politely placing it in your hand, as is customary.)   If you want to piss me off QUICKLY, that's the way to do it!!
Granted, their slices are big, but who CARES???? So are their attitudes. These people are CAVE-MEN!!!!!   There are too many other restaurants on South Street!!  If you want good NY style pizza PLUS atmosphere, I'd recommend SOHO in Olde City over this dump!The pizza slice is as big as your head! I am not usually a cheese pizza kind of girls, but this is a really great slice of cheese pizza! we also came on a Tuesday to try a slice on the only day you can add a topping and the pepperoni was just as tastey!Great slice of plain pizza!!! The slices are really big and well worth the trip to South Street! This place get's very busy on Friday and Saturday nights so if you are hungry get there early but it's sooo worth a wait in line.  People watching is a plus here! South Street is an interesting place...I try and live by the philosophy of why be a dick when you can be nice...the people at Lorenzo and son full heatedly disagree....but they do have a slightly greasy, but ok plain slice and sized appropriately for me.  Stick to the plain the toppings are not worth the extra time/money and side of murder stare you will get from the staff if you order anything else. Recently told you should wrap a slice of Lorenzo around a Jim's cheesesteak- well at least I know what I will be having for brunch this Sat.I'm from NY and grew up on pizza in Brooklyn-I always thought it was the best pizza but Lorenzo & Son on South St. makes a great slice too, it's the biggest and tasty, thin crust, usually a small line but moves fast! One slice will fill you up!My favorite pizza in the world! I'm so sad I can't get this more often. The slices are huge and inexpensive. I love their sauce which is a little sweet. Perfect crust and cheese ratio. No need for toppings, the pizza stands on its own. I just use some crushed pepper and I'm good to go.Oh Lorenzos. How I miss your giant, foldable cheese pizza. If you want toppings on your pizza, this is not the place for you. If you want a giant New York style slice of pizza this is the place for you. The crust is thin and crispy just how I like it. Burns the roof of my mouth every time; that's probably because I'm too impatient and can't wait for it to cool down but nonetheless it's hot and delicious. I have eaten this pizza with franks red hot, crushed red pepper flakes, and sriracha. Delicious no matter what hot sauce I put on it. They're open until 1 or 2 am and have a long line late at night. Perfectly located on south street in the middle of all the bars. One slice was more than enough for me.I miss large slices of pizza.  A slice here ($3 for plain) is like 2 slices at most regular sized slice pizza joint.
It is fun walking into random places.  I was in Philadelphia to visit with some friends and was wandering around looking for a pretzel.  Couldn't seem to find one of those so I decided on a pre-dinner slice of pizza.  This place advertises itself as the best slice on South Street.  Why not?
Walked in and it was kind of divey.  I liked that already.  Than I saw the size of the slices (2 plates needed for that one) and saw that they were $3.  Done and done.  Tasty.  Nice sweetness to the crust.  Could have used a bit more sauce, but why be picky?
As I've said in the past, you can walk into just about any hole in the wall pizza place in this part of the country and get a really good slice.  This place is no exception to that rule.This is a very solid old school slice o' pie.  Price is right too at $2.00 a slice.  Cheese steaks aren't bad either, but would not be my 'go to' place for them.  Can't go wrong.If you are in Philly, this is where you get great cheap pizza. 
This is you upscale piece of artwork pizza. You come here for thin sofy and gooey with just enough hold to the bottom. Seriously the largest slice of pizza fo $2.00. 
I bit in to this and it was great. There isnt an overwhelming amount of sauce... the layer of sauce is so thin you could almost miss it. But you can taste it!! Thats the important part. Not to tomato-y, Not to sweet, Not to spicy... just right. The cheese was set great not to stringy when you eat it, stays on the pizza nicely. I usually dab my pizza with a napkin to get the extra greese, buy I didnt really have to. 
Also I ate this pizza at 12, we drove  home to baltimore. I went and took a nap for 2 hours. Got up went to the grocery store came home, I was still full. Thats how big this slice is. Its more like 2 1/2 pieces put together.Why has it taken me so long to eat here???? The giant slices are not just a novelty, they are darn good too! One slice more than filled me up.My favorite place to go for a late night slice of pizza. Slices here are huge and not bad for the price. Not many choices when it comes to choosing toppings for slices and all they have is pizza. Not a great place if your looking for a place to sit in and eat, all they have is a small counter you can stand up and eat real quick. Overall the pizza there is great and pretty huge slices and whole pies.Delicious! These ginormous slices of pizza are truly worth trying. They are the perfect combination of thin and cheesy. The staff is amazing and the location is prime.  Just 10 minutes from central Philadelphia, this doesn't get any better for a quick bite. The shop is not a sit down place but offers the customer to stand and eat their pizza with a stand-in table. Definitely a place to check out and try.Love this place great pizza and $3.50 a slice is a steal. Quick eat and then we are off to the next bar !!!Size does matter; $4 for a huge slice of pizza earns it two stars (.50 for a box, plates are free.) This is the perfect drunk food when your sense of taste has been impaired. The pizza crust is soft and thin after being cooked and that may appeal to some. The cheese is run-on-the-mill mozzarella and after cooking, you have the self-seasoning option, because otherwise there isn't any. The sauce tastes sweet, exactly like ketchup, so this can be a fun, Philly treat and part of an adventure, but not a taste of true Italian. Pizza by the slice or pie, there are no other options on the menu which makes ordering easy.Just got back from a visit to South Street and stopped in, and had to add my two cents. Lorenzo's is a must when I'm down on South. The slices are HUGE, cheesy, just amazing. One slice here is about the size of two slices anywhere else. The store is cramped, single file in, out, kind of like Seinfeld's Soup Nazi - "no" to anything special, signs posted all over the store warn you not to bother asking.  But the line is always out the door - something is bringing the droves of people - it's about the pizza people!!!! GO NOW.I'm giving this place five stars just because I've never gotten a slice here sober.My boyfriend and I shall sadly, never agree on the topic of Lorenzo's. It's my dirty little secret, eaten quick and sloppily on the stumble home.
It's a giant sloppy, cheesy, saucy, salty, sweet, hot mess on a plate.
There's likely to be a line out the door at night, complete with drunken assholes. A beefy security guard now handles the door for the midnight crowd. Employees are brisk and holier-than-thou, but wouldn't you be if you dealt with South Street tourists all day and night?
Put down your $2.75, get a slice, get out, eat, enjoy.Oh man... Lorenzo is the best. Is that old white haired dude still alive? I once saw him driving along 8th street and I yelled out my car window.. "LORENZO!!!!". His snapped his square head around and forced a toothy smile, but I felt bad for interrupting his day.
The slices here are in a class by themselves. As others have noted.. huge... cheesy... greezy... delicious. Damn.
If anybody here wants to critique the slices for not being fine enough, I dare them to march their ass down to Lorenzo's and tell the guy behind the counter all about it. Because I'm guessing he doesn't give ONE DAMN about some fancy gourmet pizza theory... and neither should we. 
I once saw Robert DiNero eating a slice at Lorenzo's. So I asked him, Yo Robert... he said... "You talking to me"... I said.. "What do you think of the slice?"... he said... "It is what it is".
Exactly. So buy a slice... buy a coke.. stand outside and eat it while leaning on a strangers car. Got it? ... Good... now get off my car.A great place for a snack.   Plain and simple... make sure you take a napkin to dab away the extra grease.  It's not a gourmet pizza so don't set your expectation high...just a nice big slice of plain cheese.  Yum!Lorenzo's Pizza should be an item on any Philly visitor's bucket list.  Granted the shop is in my neighborhood, you can't go wrong with a late night slice of good old cheese pizza; albeit one so monstrous you need to fold it in half to eat it! And for what it's worth, even though it's $3.50 a slice, you definitely get your money's worth.  They only offer toppings on Tuesdays during certain hours (Toppings Tuesday, folks!) so if you're eager to top that ginormous cheese slice with your choice of topping, set that night aside.  Lorenzo's is cash only, but there is an ATM onsite, and be forewarned that if you stop in late at night, it could be crowded!  Nevertheless, you're experiencing a South Street staple, and a delicious one at that!Love this place. Have been going forever. Honestly think its better than any pizza in ny, dc, etcTry it for yourself.
It's consistently delicious...if you like thin, greasy cheesy pizza.
Obviously, if you're a deep dish kinda person...this will make you sick.
It's bigger than the plate....grab extra napkins.Best pizza around and they stay open late! So if you're coming out of the TLA from a late concert you can still grab food. Decent price for the size of the slices you get too, that's always a plus!There are a lot of pros to this pizza place as well as some cons.  First it is really good pizza cheesy and doughy it is a very very good slice.  Secondly they are open late night and are located right on south street so it's the perfect place to grab a slice when your walking by or you are drunk and just want pizza.  Third they only serve plain so service is impeccable and incredibly quick you are in and out of the door before you know what happened.  They also have slices bigger then your freaking head for very cheap and it is worth every cent.  Now for the cons Tuesday is the only day you can get toppings on your pizza the rest of the week they do not offer them which is weird but honestly it's probable easier to keep the service so quick.   The other con I have is its cash only and the only atm is not to close by so make sure you bring cash or have some cause otherwise you may be kicking yourself for it.I have a problem: I'm a pizza addict.  I'd eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner if I could, and I'd still crave it.  Oh, pizza, how do I love thee?...
Because of my little problem, I feel compelled to try lots and lots of different pizza joints in search of the perfect pie.  While Lorenzo's isn't the best pizza on earth (in my book, that honor goes to the pizza makers in Italy, who make such wonderful thin crust...or the Italian pizza guy in Killarney, Ireland - random, yes).  It's not even the best in the U.S. (the best here is John's Pizza in Manhattan), but Lorenzo's is very, very good, and going there is an itch I just have to scratch every so often.  
Now, Lorenzo's isn't fancy in the least.  You enter, get in line at the counter, and order however many slices you want with a drink, if you so desire.  They don't do toppings on slices, so don't even bother to ask.  Just cheese slices here.  Probably because they sell so many slices so quickly, adding toppings would slow down their pizza-making process.  A cheese slice is okay with me, though.  It comes out of the oven, piping hot with a thin crispy crust and gooey cheese.  They give it to you on a paper plate (or a box if you request one and pay 25 cents extra).  Then you join the rest of Lorenzo's customers out on the sidewalk to eat the slice, unless you want to grab a counter spot in the back, which I've never felt the need to do.  So you go out onto South Street, and your slice is so incredibly large that you just HAVE to fold it in half to eat it.  And then, pizza bliss.Fantastic!!  When I hear South St a slice from here is the first thing that pops into my mind!!!   We have even gone out to dinner in Philly and saved room for a slice later as dessert.   Today we had full elsewhere and were too full but took home a large pie!  I felt I couldnt leave Philly without this pizza!  The crust and sweet sauce are top notch.  You can't sit inside but fun  to walk down the street with a slice.  This is a must!After living 4 years in Chicago I am so glad to be back living in Philly where round thin crust pizzas are cut into wedges and not squares and most places sell foldable slices and not crusts with the texture of cardboard. Lorenzo's isn't the greatest tasting as it is a bit bland but they get the style of pizza right, floppy, greasy, foldable and cheap for a large slice..
Staff has always been friendly with me before and after the remodel, I don't know why people complain about rude staff.
With how small the place is I can understand why they (for the most part) don't have toppings on slices. No room to store another pie with toppings and they have such a high turn around on the plain slices that they almost never seem to have to put them in the oven to re-heat because there is always a new one coming out (from my experiences at least over the last 16ish years I have went there when on South St.
All in all I've had better and I've had worse but this works in a pinch if in the area.There's nothing like Lorenzo's. 
It's not a great pizza, it's a pizza that feels like home. The slices are ridiculously big. They're cheap, they're comforting, and downright therapeutic when it's 2AM and you've got a physical need to eat something great and greasy. 
A Philadelphia staple I hope never, ever goes away.I loved this pizza. Chewy...thin but not crunchy. Nice and chewy. Really big. I had 3. I am craving it again. My teenage boys got full off 1 slice. $3.50 each slice. Will go againI only ever eat here after I have one night stand sex, and so it is the best pizza in the world.I've gotta give it 5 stars, because it's the only restaurant that serves something I think about and physically crave every time it's about 2AM and I have alcohol in my system. Problem is, I haven't lived within a thousand miles of the place in 5+ years.
Thinish crust, BIG slices begging to be folded over, and the sauce: I've never tasted anything like it. It's kind of sweetish-tangy or something.. I swear they must pepper it with crack. Best in Philly hands down.You want some NY tasting pizza? Look no further then here! 
 The slices are as big as your face, and the sauce is brilliant! When you visit Philly you have to come here! The lines are worth it!!Some places specialize in certain areas of expertise; Cuba Libre has their mojitos, Delilah's has lap dances covered and Lorenzo's takes care of late night, butt-sized slices of pizza.  My point is, sometimes you go to places for the one thing they do right, and Lorenzo's has perfected alcohol absorbing food.
The pizza is above average, and it is always is heavy and greasy...perfect.OMMFG, Holy crap ...
This whole entire time I thought I was reviewing Lorenzo and Sons ...
turns out I was reviewing Lorenzo & Son.
Now what I wanna know is WTF happened to the other son?Absolute best pizza in the world.  And I'm talking world.  I've had pizza in NYC, chicago, Italy, LA... nothing beats a slice of Lorenzos pizza.  Worth the wait, the price and their attitude.  Bring your own parm.