Los Gallos is one of my mainstays. It's consistently good, wether I eat in or take out and I frequently do both. In house the service is friendly and quick and the restaurant itself is clean and spacious. As for delivery, they're always faster than I expect. The food is fantastic, I have to stop myself from finishing every single chip and scoop of guac. Tacos and burritos are great and the mole is one of the best I've had. 
I thought they might be closed today (it's Labor Day) and when they answered and put me on hold, I definitely high five-d my bf and we did a happy dance, it's that good.Pretty good Mexican food. Nice chille rellenos, great shrimp tacos. The guacamole is not fresh and neither is their salsa. Service is ok, not rude, but not friendly. All in all I expected better based on reviews, but I cannot give 5 stars to guacamole not made to order and from a jar.Tacos were amazing!!! Our group shared el pastor, pollos rancheros, carnitas, and saudero. Each plate comes with three loaded tacos. The pineapple on el pastor was the perfect touch of freshness. We also had guacamole, which was so fresh, and tortilla soup. We were so happy with everything served.  The environment was also fun, with bright colors and decor, and very friendly service.
We would definitely recommend this spot right in downtown Philly. BEWARE of the parking situation...it may take a few minutes and a few times around the block.This place is consistently amazing. This is one of the few spots where I will order something different every time I've come in. I have a had the verde enchiladas in the past and they were mouth watering. The horchata tastes exactly how it's made in my hometown and made me a little homesick. My most recent trip I tried the shrimp tacos. They used a generous amount of shrimp and topped it with their fresh pico and chihuahua cheese. The servers are always patient and happy to explain any menu items and inquire about desired spice levels.I decided to visit the restaurant because of the raving reviews. Well I would say that my food was not good at all. The beans were not seasoned, the sauce the enchiladas came in were salty and had a bitter taste. I actually decided to send my food back to the kitchen. The waitress wasn't pleasant but I wasn't surprised because they are working her hard -she's literally doing everything. I wouldn't recommend this place but my friend enjoyed his burrito. I tried his burrito also and didn't care for it.Amazing nachos! Delicious pork tacos.Los Gallos is definitely off the beaten path, but it is a must. I asked a few Mexican friends where they go and Los Gallos was a consistent answer.
Since Los Gallos is BYOB, my girlfriend and I now go on weekends. It is a great substitue for Cantina. It is cheaper, better, and you never have to wait. The only thing Cantina has over Los Gallos is outdoor seating.
Contradictory to Yelp information, they do accept credits cards!Everyone in here is so nice. They make you feel welcomed as soon as you open their ridiculously heavy door. 
When someone asks me where's a good place to eat, there's two places I think of. This is one of them. This is where you can get cheap, delicious food that tastes like your mom made. It's that good.
I'm not sure what part of Mexico they are from but they're a legit Mexican place. None of that Americanized Tex-Mex crap. 
If you enjoy good food, give this place a try.Eaten here a few times before and it has been decent. Today i ordered pickup for two burritos: 1 chicken burrito no dairy, 1 veggie burrito no dairy. I know english isn't  the first language of the lady on the phone, so i tried to be really clear. failed anyways. 
Got to the restaurant, and I am told that the chicken burrito has dairy and veggie burrito has no dairy. They were kind of unpleasant about the entire thing. Apparently she said "Chicken ALL" which is suppose to mean that the chicken burrito will contain all of the listed ingredients. This is unfamiliar terminology to me, but if you're ordering make sure to listen closely. 
Anyways, just decided to pay for the veggie burrito and go. Before leaving I asked about 3 times whether the veggie one had cheese. and she looks at me as if i am really stupid before answering "no" for the 3rd time. 
Got to the car, found out the burrito had cheese. Went back to the restaurant, she blamed the cooks and while i was expecting the worst, she did refund me. 
Bottom line: Good food. Learn Spanish.Amazing food and very pleasant service started with the the free chips and two sauces. Be careful. I filled my stomach with them, they were so tasty. Then mistake #2, we ordered guacamole and chips. So tasty   What ever space was filled with that. Then got the white rice drink with cinnamon. Tasty as hell. 
Then the wife for the chorizo taco. Tasty , 
I got the #89. Pollo o Bistec con Dos Huevos. 
Chicken with two sunny side up eggs. 
Needed a wheel chair to carry me out. I ate like a pig.10 out of 10. A++ 5 Stars.
There is nothing negative I can say about this place. Food is great. Service is great. Even the Coke-A-Cola that is supposed to be shipped to mexico is sold here. The thing about this Coke is that it's made with Sugar cane....not syrup....much better taste. My pal Dino and I go there all the time. 2 sods, 2 orders of Tacos...I get the Al Pastor ones at $9.95...total bill was $23 bucks.
The owners are also really nice guys who will come out and talk to you. LOVE THIS PLACE!
-Big ChrisI found this place when I was trying to find a decent place to eat located close to my house, and definitely did! Los Gallos is a cute little restaurant at the end of a south philly city block. I can only review what I had but everything looks good, just depends on what you like. 
I've had the Fish Ranchero Tacos and the guacamole. The tacos come three to and order and are delicious. I love the fact that they come with avocado on top! I also like the put some of the salsa that comes out with the chips on it for some additional heat (I like it spicy!).  For the guac app it was a huge portion that I don't think my friend and I were able to finish. It was homemade, fresh, and came in this bowl that looks like a pig. 
I have since come back and have enjoyed my tacos every time and frequently recommend it to my friends.Went for lunch at 1 p.m. on a weekday, so no crowds. Squash blossom was pickled somehow, but still tasty in the burrito I got. Love that they have Oaxacan cheese - that's how you know it's real Mexican! Appreciate the diverse menu too.Nice restaurant/cafe located in South Philly.  We were in the mood for some tacos, and never tried this place before.  We ordered the lengua and chicken tacos a la plancha.  Lengua was very tender, and overall the food was very flavorful and plentiful.  It is a place we would come back to try some other dishes.  Not our favorite tacos but certainly worth going back to try the other dishes.  If we could, we would rate this 3.5 stars, and the place may deserve a higher rating as others have given if we had some other dishes.Was there with friends and family last weekend.  Best Mexican food I have eaten so far in Philadelphia!!Huge and cheap portions of tasty, authentic Mexican food! What's not to like? The waitstaff is fast and attentive. This is my favorite place in Philly so far.Fantastic tacos and specials. I love their ripe avocado.Not an extraordinary Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia, but their sauteed fish tacos and sweet iced horchata earns an easy 4 stars in my book.Thought the food was terrific!  Authentic Mexican food and such nice people running the restaurant. I had a little trouble understanding the waitress accent but I pointed to the menu and we were able to get exactly what we wanted.OMG I just got chicken & beef tacos and they rocked! !!! I think they sell themselves short on the menu like the Tacos also come with radishes, a fresh pickled hot pepper plus 2 sauces which are clearly homemade. I also got the steak nachos which was enough for 2 adults & 2 kids. Another plus I just walked in asked for a take out without calling ahead and my whole order was done in 14 minutes flat. I saw them cook everything in front of me and I will be a new decoration from now on :) I strongly suggest you try them. They delivery, eat in or take out either way you can't loose.Original review: Four stars just because one weekend I called multiple times and was placed on hold to get food delivered. It would have been better to go and pick up food but the rain was too much to venture out. 
Aside from that, the food from here is better than any Mexican place I've ever been to. From guacamole to fish tacos to their platters.... I am always happy with whatever I order. Lovely establishment with great prices to match! Must try if you haven't already!
Updated review 8/17: FIVE stars!!! This place never ceases to amaze me. Their fish tacos are to die for!! Picture attached! They give extremely generous portions, I had three large tilapia filets that weighed close to a pound alone. One eaten, the other two tacos will be for lunch and/or dinner over the next couple days. 
Only recommendation is having a waitress and a person answering the phones. When I arrived there were three tables and two take out orders waiting for pick up. By the time I left, six additional tables were filled and the waitress was running like a chicken without a head! Very courteous and sweet, and did a great job.. I just felt bad she didn't have a second set of hands...Went here for dinner one night with my boyfriend, the food was good however we had to wait awhile for our food. The restaurant was crowded so I do understand. The orchotta water was very good and came in a large tall glass. Complimentary chips were also served while waiting for a meal. Will most likely visit again, but not in a hurry to head back here.Everything was on point. The chicken was a little bland but I love this place. Their juices are always great too and the portion sizes are hard to come bySeriously the most authentic Mexican in town!!! It is a tie for my favorite Mexican food in town.This is an amazing restaurant. We had the chili rellenos and steak tostidas, they were delicious. We had the Gaucamole app. and chocolate cheesecake which were both awesome. This is our new favorite restaurant. The staff were wonderful.My daughter and I have been there a couple more time since our first visit. The good is awesome. I have tried several different things on the menu and haven't been disappointed. Delish!
Only downside: only seats about 25 people total, so on the small side, but only one person waiting tables so service is a little slow, but I plan my visit around being there a little while and it's worth it.The first time I had Al Pastor and De Lengua tacos I was in Mexico City across the street from the El Presidente Hotel about five blocks from the El Centro subway stop (Go  and get you some?!?). This place is as real as it gets in the USA!!! I was craving tacos (and went to a place or two) and this place hit the spot. Skip the nachos and the first set of tacos on the menu (lettuce, tomato, cheese, and sour cream) and get the second option in the taco section with cilatro and onions (add avocado if you've had Mexico street tacos). The only thing that I could ask for is a spit with pork or tongue in front of me, a flat top with onions and peppers, and the smell of cars from the 60/70s minus catelitic converters (aka the smell of gasoline) in the background. If you want authentic Mexican cuisine, South Philly, and if you really want authentic Mexican Cuisine.  If this isn't good enough fly to Mexico City and take the subway (in the airport) to El Centro!!! I'D RECOMMEND BOTH!!!!!Best Mexican I've had in Philly. The red and green chilli salsas are spicy amazing things. Thanks, Yelp!Best Mexican in south philly by far!! Everything is delicious and the owners are so nice. The fish tacos were so amazing and the rice and beans are fresh and delicious. We love this little south Philly spot.This is the best mexicano restaurant in philadelphia. Yes, its a little far [i live in the northeast ] but its so worth it. Reasonable prices too. Tacos arabics and tacos al pastor is so delicious paired with agua de horchata. If you are planning to go at night, good luck, cuz the restaurant is packed and busy. Also, you can hire them for special events.There aren't enough good things to say about Los Gallos. We order from there 2-3 times/month and are never disappointed. I usually get the 3 tacos for $5.50 which are not only cheap.. but delicious!
Luz, the owner, is such a nice guy and is always grateful for the business. We always make a point in telling him how much we enjoy his food.
A must go if you are looking for authentic Mexican cuisine in the heart of South Philly!finally found a decent Mexican Restaurant in South Philly. My wife & I order a couple of different items to sample what they have........well worth it, plenty of leftovers.everything had a fresh taste to it, not frozen or premadeFavorite Mexican spot in the city. Al Pastor tacos, tres leches and service are all top-notch. Bring cash. No cards will be taken.Must try food every bite is amazing great service very friendly staff I'd highly recommend itAmazing food at cheap prices like $6.50 tacos or the $11 Menudo soup if you like tripe, or the Carne Asada Burrito Supremo. This hole in the wall joint is tuck within the confines of south philly, another hidden gem.Disappointed. Just moved back to Center City and so excited to try Los Gallos after reviews. We eat A LOT of Mexican food, and have been spoiled of late with El Limon in Conshohocken. At Los Gallos, sauces and chips were good and chicken tamale with salsa verde was ok. But pork (carnitas) burrito was almost all gristle and fat. The chicken tacos were OK but bits of bone or gristle in them also. It seems they make everything to order, so expected more. Maybe it was an "off" day.I don't quite understand the hype about this place. It is just okay. Most dishes taste bland with not enough spices or flavor. The first couple of times there I had to add a ton of salt to my dish to make it less bland. On my last visit i ordered a carnitas burrito which was described to have fried pork inside. The burrito was half filled with their bland cheese which wasn't even melted and the pork wasn't what i expected. It was more like pork fat and rubbery things that looked like pork intestines. Some other dishes are better i guess but still not that great. After giving this place 4 tries I will never be back here again.Los Gallos certainly doesn't skimp on filling their tacos! Their guacamole tastes fresh and is loaded with lime and cilantro. 
Their platters are also quite good, with huge portions. Their rice and beans are delicious.The immediate service has a lot to be desired for...but make sure you tell them it's in house and not "to go"!
The tacos are AMAZING!!! This is a place that should not be overlooked!!!  The best tacos in S Philly!!!I can't stop coming back to this place! Authentic Mexican food for a good price. Definitely try their burritos, tacos & tortas! Tacos rancheros are probably my favorite.Ordered their catering menu for a dinner event and it was incredible! Food was absolutely delicious, super flavorful, lots of variety, and SO much food! Great price, great service. Everything was perfect!Not terrible, but very overrated.   We only had chicken things, which might explain the mediocrity.  The mole tastes like soy sauce.  There are several TV's playing daytime mexican gameshows.  Solid Horchata and salsa.I had Fish Tacos. They were good once they arrived. The service was very slow and it wasn't busy ( only me and 2 other tables were occupied) . The waitress never came back to me to see if I needed anything and I had to go to the counter to ask for my check; this is why I gave it a 3 star, service is not up to par.I grew up in Southern California and since moving to Philadelphia, this is by far the best Mexican food and ALSO the best prices I have seen since I arrived. I've been in Philadelphia for almost 5 years now, and I visit Los Gallos at least once a week to get tacos or their incredible mole.I was in a rush for lunch, but craving something delicious. I got exactly what I was looking for. The pescado tacos rancheros were a reminder of the awesome fish tacos I had in Los Cabos, Mexico. I think my dish was supposed to come with rice, but it didn't. That's the only reason I decided to give this place 4 out of 5 stars. Also ordered a side of chips and guacamole. I thought it was a bit pricey at $6.50, but the portion was good and the guacamole was perfect!
There was a large group dining jn, so I was glad that I called ahead to place my order. I will definitely be ordering from there again!This place is awesome. The food is amazing, and the waitresses are great too. There are only three waitresses at max even on their busiest nights, but they're always friendly and attentive (the free chips and salsa make it super easy to wait for my food). Best Mexican restaurant in the city.Great Mexican and they deliver!! I had quesadillas which was served with a small salad garnish and sour cream- my only suggestion is that they grill them to get the grill marks.  We also ordered tacos in a soft shell with all the fixings and they were awesome. The chips and salsa are really good, but not your typical chunky salsa instead it is a salsa verde; green and it is awesome!!! Spicy and delicious. Delivery was less than 25 minutes and the food was still hot, they package it very well.Not sure what all the fuss is about.
I went here last night with a small group of friends. No one was blown away by their meal (tacos, enchiladas, burritos). The salsa was what you'd expect. The service was painfully slow. It took about 10 minutes to get the check after we asked...twice.
I saw an order of guac go by and it looked great. And I keep reading things about the chicken tacos. So if I find myself in the area, I'll for sure stop by again. But nothing about my veggie enchiladas (served lukewarm) made me want to rush back.Bottom line: food is great!
Authentic - notice not one single non Latino working here. 
Portions are large. 
Service is slow. It always is. I've come to expect it so it doesn't bother me anymore because I realize I'm always getting a large portion of good food for not a lot of money so whatever, I'll wait. Plus the complimentary chips and salsa are really good. 
Pay attention to the two specials boards. Ones on the side wall, the other up front by the register. Anytime they have have ceviche on there I'd recommend it. 
The beans they serve as an accompaniment to the fajitas are soooo good.As a tourist, a friend of mine from South Philly heard me say; "all Mexican food tastes the same." He proved me wrong at this place. There was an authentic Mexican feel the second I walked in. I ordered 2 steak tacos for $6.50, and it was real steak, not ground beef. The tortillas they had were also authentic. I would come back to this place as I had great service and a wonderful experience.If you want delicious Mexican food that goes beyond tacos  (although their tacos are pretty good), you need to try this place.
I recently went here for my birthday. I wanted a place that could accommodate a big group, and somewhere that was BYO. I had about 12 in my party, and they gave us a row of tables near the back.  We happened to go on a night when another big group had reservations, so the small place got pretty packed and service was a little slow. I think that we went on an abnormally busy night, so I won't hold that against them.
The food was fantastic and the portions were generous. We may have had to wait for our food but it was worth it. This reminds me of the restaurants I'd eat at in Newark and Long Branch. I'm happy I found it!Es un lugar donde se come muy rico y para quedar satisfechos ya q las porciones en cada platillo no son limitadas como en otros lugares,me encantan los tacos al pastor y las carnitas en los gallosFood. Delicioso! Ambience. De bienvenida! Dessert. Cambia la vida! Service. Jackie is THE BEST! En serio, la mejora. Cannot wait to return to Los Gallos.Great authentic Mexican and the staff is very kind.Fantastic food! The taste is great! Authentic Mexican food. The owner is always trying to make things happen. The only downfall will be the shortage of personnel. Those hard working servers have to juggle too much at once. The tables, take out, phone, register.. they should have someone destined to take care of that, so the servers could do their work. It's Just a thought. The food is outstandig!Excellent Mexican Food!!! Only flaw is the language barrier with the waitstaff. Other than that it's a great stop!!!Sitting in los gallos as I write this. Food is excellente!! Have been here three times so far and I love it every single time! The al pastor tacos are out of this worldddddd. Had those, the pollo and bistec to share tonight. So full of flavor and $5.50 for three you can't beat it. Wonderful neighborhood establishment. Highly recommend.Food is incredible. People and atmosphere are also both great. You get what you pay for. Plenty of food for the price. You will not be hungry afterwards. My with and I try to get their food at least once a week. Can't say enough about how good they are. Highly recommend them.Food: 5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 5
Cost: 5
Overall: 5
If you have not been here. Get down here. I had the el pastor tacos and I was in heaven. Fresh Ingredients, friendly atmosphere, and amazing tastes in every bite!Even though I didn't need to, I made a reservation over a week in advance for a friend's birthday at this hole in the wall known for good Mexican but they closed with no warning whatsoever. I guess if it was open I'd get to enjoy the affordable options like tacos a la plancha but can't now because they closed with no warning and never contacting me!Been here numerous times, it's our favorite takeout place in S. Philly.  Personally, I love their chicken tacos and chicken burrito.  My boyfriend can't get enough of the enchiladas mole with steak.  Their food is authentic and unique at the same time.  Love this place.DELICIOUS el pastor tacos- salty, crispy, tender pork with bright acidic pineapple. Yummmm. Will be venturing back for those. 
The chicken and carne asada tacos were good, but I've had some better ones at some other South Philly Mexican places. The meat bits were chopped just a tad too fine and the portions were a little skimpy.
The chips and salsa were average to below (my bf and other dining partner loved them though), and the nachos would've been delicious had there been real Mexican cheese like melty Oaxacan and some salty cotija on them rather than the fake cheez variety. 
The mole enchilada special looks intriguing as do the cemitas so I just may have to try those next go-around...Moving to the area, we trusted yelp to find some great local eateries and this place knocked it out of the park.  First off, great atmosphere, amazing service and unique offerings.  And OMG the food!  We got the Sopa Azteca as a special.  Delicious and a HUGE portion, as were the tostadas.  Too much food!  Our server let us sample the homemade Horchata and Hibiscus Flower juice, both were so good that we bought a gallon each to take home.  We will be coming here every week!Great food great prices, do urself a favor n order the enchiladas suisaz, soooo good!! It's not on the menu but they'll still make it for u. It's about 13 bucks I think. I've already been back a few times, don't really care for the quesadilla but the fish tacos r delish. Kind of chilly in the winter time so bring a hoodie hahaI'm sad to report that my friend and I got food poisoning here this weekend. I know it happens once in awhile anywhere, but based on that, I'd be remiss if I recommended it. It has such promise, too: great reviews on chef's feed, here, and it's an adorable Mexican grocery shop with excellent service and low prices. But I've never been so sick as after eating the overcooked al pasteur tacos, and what I suspect was the culprit--shrimp tacos. Guac was fresh and good, but doesn't override the rest of the experience, illness not withstanding.I don't ever write reviews but I had to $8 for a burrito smaller than chipotle by a lot. We asked for no tomatoes because there was already pico they took that as put everything on the side outside of the burrito. This was all after they read it back to us. If you've never had a burrito this place will blow you away. If you've had Taco Bell before I would go there instead. It had almost 5 stars dats whack for anyone whose had chipotle or qdoba.Great flavors in a very low-key atmosphere! On a Saturday night it was not very busy, but the wait staff was attentive and the food was so tasty there didn't need to be a huge crowd to enjoy the experience. The tomatillo salsa was outstanding, fish tacos were warm and tangy and the chicken enchiladas suizas were pronounced the best we have had!Holy grail for authentic Mexican food! We have been there for three separate occasions, and we have never been disappointed. Place feels homey and inviting, love the murals on the wall and small accents here and there. I love their tacos, and my friends said that the burritos are great as well. Would love to try their tamales, which is only available on weekends. Definitely would come back! This is South Philly's gem! Parking is horrible though if you're driving, be prepared to go around and around and around to find street parking.This place is amazing. They don't have a very big menu but it is a small place and they do what they do right! It's authentic and amazing.
I got refried bean tacos, and my boyfriend got the chorizo. I loved mine and he said his were delicious too! The guacamole was so fresh and perfect too! You really can't beat it for 5.50 for 3 tacos either.
You've just gotta try this place! I know I'll be back!I love this place.  The servers are friendly, and they make the best mole I ever tasted.  It's a terrific lunch spot.A small unassuming restaurant with big flavor.  I got the tortillas los gallos.  Fantastic!  The spicy pork flavor combined with the sweet pineapple really hit the spot.  Highly recommend!I went to Gallos this afternoon and thought it was so good I would write about it.  It is a small family owned place.  The owner/server/head chef/cashier was great.  His english was very good and no one should feel intimidated going there not speaking spanish.
The food was spectacular.  Torta de Pollo Milanesa, was great.  Huge and delicious.  The chicken is often dried out at other places, not here.  The beef tacos, good.  Simple, but if you wanted extra toppings just ask.  
Just walk in past the convenience store part and find a table in the back.  
They deliver, the food came out quickly and was great.  I will eat here on a regular basis.
Lunch for two under 15 bucks.
Worth a trip down south.My favorite place to go for Mexican food. Great portion size. Delicious authentic Mexican food. Ive tried a good amount of dishes on their menu and the only thing I didnt like so far is the tripe soup. Sometimes their meat is overcooked but their flavoring makes up for it!I love the quality of food therefore I'm giving this place 4 stars. Due to the service from the waitresses overwhelming and understaffed is why I cannot give them 5 stars.I live close by and often pickup food from Los Gallos. I think the food is very tasty and authentic as well as well priced. My one and only issue is with their takeout packaging. The portion sizes are so large (usually a good thing), they have to over fill the styrofoam containers they use. This usually results in an unwelcome mixing of food, sauces and wetness. Tortillas end up soaked and gross, guacamole gets on things it wasn't supposed to and you will probably end up with a "bag of sauce"  by the time you get home.Great food. I don't enjoy Mexican food, but thats because I never had authentic Mexican food like this before. Fresh, and delicious. Not a typical Mexican restaurant.  
Staff friendly. Just be patience, everything is made from scratch so it's little bit of a wait.I eat a lot of Mexican food. I have probably been to at least two thirds of the Mexican places in South Philly. I don't know why it took me so long to go here, but it is worth the trek no matter where in Philly you're coming from.
This is, hands down, the best option for several reasons:
1. huge menu with tons of options
2. very vegetarian-friendly (they have mole sauce for their vegetarian enchiladas, which is something I've never seen before--usually it's only served with meat dishes. I was so excited).
3. in terms of ambience and authenticity, I'd say this place nails the mark with both. Their décor is super cute, and it didn't feel like it was completely catering to gringos.
Also, I liked that you could get a wide variety of housemade drinks like horchata and cantaloupe here. I haven't tried the batidos yet, but it's rare to see a Mexican restaurant that has them on the regular.
They definitely pride themselves on fresh ingredients, as was evidenced by the guacamole and the avocado on my enchiladas. Some people on here complained that the food was too salty, but I actually found the opposite to be true--they really let the flavors stand out in the guacamole by not over-salting it. 
Also, lots of food=leftovers for lunch! Hooray!Crazy tasty, FRESH, good prices, pleasant atmosphere, BYOB - this place is great. The squash blossom burrito was out of this world.  Great menu and simply delicious. Can't wait to go back!Out of town-er visiting Philly; kind of far from the hotel but in hindsight, this place was totally worth the drive. Wish we had something like it closer to us!Hands down, my all-time-favorite place for authentic Mexican food in South Philadelphia (North Philadelphia still has some of the best Hispanic food of all-time). From the limitless portions in the burritos or enchiladas poblanos, you can NOT go wrong with any of these options. What tops it all off is the quiet atmosphere, the incredible salsa that is provided with the chips, or the richness of the mole sauce (which I will admit was an acquired taste at first). Overall, for its price ~$8-9 burritos or $11 enchiladas this place easily deserved a 5 stars.Loved it ! Very authentic and fresh. Everything about the food was aces no complaints. We had the rancheros pollo Assada and burrito very good. Just losses a star in staff. Not very friendlyI was excited to check this place out after hearing so many rave reviews on Yelp and beyond. Six of us arrived shortly after 7pm on a Friday night. It's a hole in the wall cheap place, so one would expect it would be good and fast. I would say the food was a bit beyond good. The basic tacos are on the small side but one order was plenty after munching on the free chips. Boyfriend ordered tacos rancheros, which include cheese and avocado, and they were a little bit bigger. 
Fast? Not even a little. We didn't mind the slow service because this is our monthly-or-so dinner and we were happily catching up. But when we were caught up on each others' lives and full from our dinner, it was time go. We waited for the check. Waited some more. Waved someone over to ask for the check. Went up to the counter to ask for the check (gave up when the two women flat out ignored me). Went up to the counter again (that person got their attention). Went up to the counter a third time... This whole process took at least a half hour, if not more.
I am pretty forgiving of flighty service. I know stuff happens. Take-out containers were piling up on the counter., so they were obviously busy. But brushing us off when we asked for the check FOUR times? Not acceptable. If we weren't honest people, we probably could have walked out without leaving a penny on the table and they wouldn't have even noticed.
There are plenty of taquerias in South Philly. I'll stick to ones that don't dare me to dine and dash.Was excited to try.  Place was packed.  Only one server.  Didn't get waited in for 20 mins so I left.  Will try again another time when more servers on because food looked greatMost authentic Mexican food I've had since moving to Philadelphia from Texas.What a great hidden Mexican spot in South Philly. This place is as authentic as it gets. You can pick up your ethnic groceries here for a Mexican themed dinner, or stop in and sit down for some truly authentic Mexican food. 
I ordered the guacamole to start and it was amazing. Rich and tasty and very filling!
The burrito I ordered was full of flavor and taste and left me beyond satisfied. 
If you value good tasting Mexican dishes than you should give this place a try. It is hidden in South Philly and worth the trip. Nothing fancy here, just good solid Mexican food.Friday night in Philly and we scoured Yelp for somewhere to have dinner with our kids. I found Los Gallos and off we went. It took some searching (Wolf Street DOES exist) but it was well worth the trip.
Like other reviwers have stated, it is a mercado (grocery store) and the restaurant is in the back. The owner greeted us, asked how we found out about the restaurant and encouraged us to ask questions. The restaurant was bright and clean. 
My husband ordered a shrimp enchilada platter with rice and refried beans. He devoured it. My 9 year old loved the chicken tacos and declared them the best tasting tacos ever. Everything was delicious and 3 tacos for $5.50 can't be beat. The green and red salsa, home made chips, slices of fresh avocado, authentic mexican cheeses and roasted jalapeno on the plate was just perfect. 
This place is a gem and I encourage you to try it. We will definitely be back to sample other menu items really soon.Exceptional, fresh authentic food very reasonable prices. Went for lunch service is attentive and friendly. Plenty of choices and blackboard specials. Most likely the best Taqueria in South Philly.This may be my new favorite Mexican restaurant. I have been here twice recently. It is incredibly reasonably priced, the food is phenomenal, and the staff is super friendly!  The only problem is the extreme food envy I get when I am sitting and waiting for my food and looking at the food other people in the restaurant ordered. 
I have had tacos there, a friend of mine had fajitas and another a burrito. All were amazing! Next time I am ordering a torta - they looked SO amazing!1. Awesome food and prices. 
2. Parking can be impossible if you are in a truck.
Had a mix of tacos, super yummy.  Enjoyed a soccer game.  Had a Mexican Fresca.  Got a burrito to go (again, super yum).  Seating for about twenty total.  
Yelp, you done me right again.The best Mexican food in the city.  BYOB - even better.  Everything is incredibly fresh and delicious.  The tostadas de ceviche are outstanding.  The barbacoa is amazing.Visited this place last month because of the rating on Yelp. What a huge disappointment. 
When the hub and I arrived on a week night between 6-7 it wasn't busy. There were servers behind the counters chitchatting and didn't even bother to greet or sit us. Alright... So we walked toward the back, grab some menus and sat ourselves. Then it took about 15 minutes for a server to decide that she would take our orders. We both ordered the tacos and hope that it'll taste good to the very least... Nope. Both dishes were bland as ever and we had to request extra sauce. C'mon guys, it's tacos... How wrong can you go? Save a trip because this place is over hyped. Prices are cheap but so are the food qualities. 
An advice for the restaurant management:  please keep the flies under control. It's not very appetizing to be dinning with flies.Eat everything you can't missThere is something about this city and great Mexican food. This is like the 4th or 5th random choice I made to order from, and once again it was excellent. The delivery was on time, the food was awesome, and it was relatively inexpensive.Bad service. Went to pick up food. Order it 20 min before arrives. They told me 10 min it would be ready. Got there and told me to wait another 5 min then 5 min again then they didn't even put the order in. The lady and guy didn't care. Worst service ever.We took our two foodie friends to Los Gallos for lunch today.  We have been going for several years now and recommended it many times but for some reason the idea of traveling 10-12blocks for a meal is out of people's comfort zone. 
Needless to say they were blown away!  They ordered the shrimp fajitas and the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce.  The fajitas were filled with (8-9) large shrimp.  The mole sauce which is the best I have had in the city was delicious.
They even commented on the quality of the dinnerware!
Thanks Los Gallos for treating our friends to a memorable lunch.I grew up in San Diego where delicious tacos and Mexican food are around the corner or down the block.  This place has great service and the ambiance and posters of the buff Mexican "He-Man" cartoon - makes it seem so authentic.
I had dinner here, ordered the guacamole, horchata, and steak dinner with side of beans.  The beans were good.  The guacamole is on the bland side, so we had to dress it up with lime and salsa verde.  
Parking is limited - be ready to drive around the block a few times, and then let your hunger lead you back to the restaurant, located conveniently on the corner.
So why the 3 stars?  The steak was chewy and just tasted okay, not too flavorful, and like the guac, it was bland.  Overall the food is meh...Chipotle quality.  Also, we ordered flan to go (For dessert) and it came with a live house fly, buzzing around inside the plastic container. It was disgusting...and so, 3 stars is me being nice.After working a 12 hour shift and not eating since the morning, I wanted to give this place a try because someone said it was better than Los Tacos. When I walked in I said is this cash only or can I use my debit card. A waitress said I could use my card. So I walked up to the counter to order. The place is too small, there was no standing room. So after I ordered I repeatedly had to move because I was in one of the waitresses way. That became annoying fast. After waiting 30 minutes for three tacos -.- I wanted to pay & the cashier goes, "There's a $10 minimum" The waitress in the beginning should've mentioned this and the cashier should've mentioned this because there were no signs stating this. So my first experience was trash. I'll rate the food another time maybe buy everything else I experienced led to these two stars.This place is top notch and I recommend it to everyone visiting Philly. It's hard to find BYOB places that are this laid back, welcoming and tasty for Mexican fare in the Philadelphia area. So much better than the local Cantinas which are great for drinks, but suck when it comes to actual, real Mexican food.It doesn't get any better than this for Mexican food in South Philly. If you haven't tried it, you should!This is a lovely place, family style Mexican restaurant. I've been there three times, always during rush hours, but they filled out the order pretty fast. The food is very good. I've had the al pastor taco twice, and fajita. All delicious!If you need your fix of Mexican food, come to Los Gallos. There are a lot of items on there that I don't even know. I went with the familiar: tacos. I got the 3 spicy pork tacos and my cousins got the 3 steak tacos. Both were really flavorful! Each bite packs a punch! I'll do my research and have something a little more adventurous next time. 
It's a small restaurant with cool Mexican decorations all over the place. We got a dessert to go. I can't say much about them except don't get the tiramisu. It seemed a little stale.Disappointed. Just moved back to Center City and so excited to try Los Gallos after reviews. We eat A LOT of Mexican food, and have been spoiled of late with El Limon in Conshohocken. At Los Gallos, sauces and chips were good and chicken tamale with salsa verde was ok. But pork (carnitas) burrito was almost all gristle and fat. The chicken tacos were OK but bits of bone or gristle in them also. It seems they make everything to order, so expected more. Maybe it was an "off" day.My favorite Mexican spot in south Philly, and it's byo which is great. I moved to the area about 6 months ago from Queen Village and have gone here at least once a month since then. Highly recommend ordering the guac and if you get tacos, opt for the grilled cactus.  Highly recommendExcellent. Authentic. Reasonably Priced. Large Portions. Delicious!The bloom has not faded from the hibiscus flower that is Los Gallos.  The mole on my chicken enchilada (delivered to the house for free) is as spicy and complex as any I've had, and certainly the finest example of the dish available for less than $10.  
If you love Mexican food, or even just haven't had any yet that blows you away, get down here to 10th and Wolf with a few bucks in cash.  It might change your life.This place was definitely a hidden gem! We found it randomly off of yelp. It is in kind of a bad area, but it's definitely worth it! The staff is welcoming when you walk in. They immediately greeted us and brought us chips and salsa. Our waitress also helped me with choosing my order. I ended up ordering vegetarian enchiladas with the green sauce, and it was amazing! Very filling and just the right portion size. It also came with a side of rice. Overall, I loved this little taqueria and I will definitely be back for more!Exceptional meal. Lamb special was melt in your mouth good! My daughter could not stop raving about it...Los Gallos is a great place. We are close to being regulars over the last year and have never been disappointed. The food is always excellent. We've had many of the menu choices and all were terrific. Los Gallos is great addition to South Philadelphia eating and look forward to returning.We live very close to this place.  I loved it from the beginning. It is very clean and the food is delicious. The waitress brought us complimentary chips and salsa to start with. I had the pork chop tacos with cactus and the taste was juicy. My husband had the gallos salad. Best salad in the city.
The only negative thing is there can be a language barrier between you and the waitress. We went and was about to order till our waitress made us change our food options to the specials. So don't go knowing with what you want to eat because this waitress will make u change it. I don't regret it, her decisions was better than our plain tacos. She usually ask you how's your day and makes you feel at home. I usually order in the afternoons when she is there. If you going visit Los gallos or do a take out. Ask for Carla 
The food and the service was great considering other Mexican restaurants.Excellent food, great service, and friendly employees. I am a local and make Los Gallos a weekly stop for dinner or lunch. You must try the tacos because for $6 you can't beat it. Often I will take advantage of their weekly specials on the chalk board above the counter. Don't be afriaid to ask what each item is, employees will help you. Half the time I don't know what I'm ordering but I've never been disappointed and have also had some amazing authentic Mexican food I never heard of before. 
Be sure to try the Horchata (rice milk and cinnamon)!
The location is also well light, and comfortable for the kind of corner restaurant it is. The place is definitely clean and well maintained. 
I highly recommend you try this place out!cheap cheap cheap tacos!  i was craving fish tacos when i went here but the guy who was redoing the menu as we ate promised that it will definitely be on the menu in the near future. their salsa was very good and spicy to my liking. good place for carnivores. i ended up getting a vegetarian quesadilla, i remembered the cheese in it being awesome. need some mexican  groceries, they have it here too! my bf got a meat taco and he clearly enjoyed it. def gotta try this place again, i'm pretty sure the menu has now changed to include some fish tacos!!I went there after reading the review and it has 4 stars. I had burrito(filled with stale rice  very hard to chew) .  I didn't like it.When I called Los Gallos to ask about catering, Luz told me I should come in and we could plan it all out together.  We met in the lovely restaurant space and went through the the menu choices and the logistics of the event (he even let me sample some of the delicious food!).  He was so helpful and thorough and I was sold.  The day of the event he and his crew arrived right on time and set up quickly and efficiently.  The spread of food was beautiful and they instantly transformed the room with lovely table cloths and big dishes of bright, colorful food.  When the speaking portion of our event finished, our guests were served by their friendly and helpful staff.  In a word, the food and experience was amazing.  Our guests raved about the chile relleno and al pastor and how fresh and wholesome everything was.  It was just right and we will definitely look to Los Gallos for our future events.  Thank you!I went twice the week I found them and I am not someone always going out to eat.
Found this place randomly when my go to for fish tacos Veracruzana (9th and Washington) was unexpectedly closed. 
I  take my quest for fish tacos pretty seriously, and I was soooo lucky to find out about this place! The fish tacos from here are incredible. They include fresh guac at no additional charge and are so pretty and yummy! Size of plate is great for the value- I eat 1 taco, a side of beans and rice leaving  the other 2 tacos to take home. The guacamole with chips is also amazing. Service was FAST.
If you love fish, get these tacos and you'll have found the love of your life. Or at least the love of Philadelphia Mexican restaurants. Gotta start somewhere.The best Mexican in the city. Hands down. Cooked with care, and perfectly seasoned, from the Tortas the size of a football to the al pastor tacos that are melt in your mouth tender, it gets no better in the city of Philadelphia.Terrible rude obnoxious service RACIST. They have a problem with the English language and get mad at me.. This happen 3x to myself and friends .. It's a shame because their food is good but too  expensive.. When I heard about this place I was told good food, expensive n "cocky" workers...  
After my last experience with the ignorant woman on the phone , this place is dead to me. 
I called to place an order I told her I would like number 44. She said from our new menu? I said I was unaware of a new menu. I described the order she couldn't explain it , got frustrated n said I "hive other lines" n she put me on hold..
I think she was trying to say she has other calls .
Anyway I hung up & took my money elsewhere ..Stopped here while in town for a concert.  Cool little neighborhood location with free parking on the street which was easy to find.  We had lunch, all of the items we ordered with meat were extremely salty.  The enchiladas were good.  The homemade guacamole was great and salsas were also very good.  This is a BYOB if you want a beer.after trying los gallos several(7-8) times, and several(4-5) different dishes, i think  "okay"  sums it up. the food is tasty, but a little inconsistent. however, you can't go wrong with their chicken tacos.
if you are a fan of carnitas, as am i, you will definitely want to know that theirs are authentic - pig parts and large chunks of pork fat. i was disappointed to find mine contained mostly large chunks of fat, a few pig parts and, by comparison, very little of the actual crispy flesh that makes carnitas famously delicious.Excellent Mexican taqueria in South Philly. Its a BYOB that is open late (10:30pm). 
Highlights include tacos with nopales (cactus), tortas and cemitas. I'm really a fan of their salsa roja. Carnitas and al pastor are both very good. They've got horchata on tap also.Went there with the wife after we moved into the neighborhood. Great little place with wonderful atmosphere. We tried the chicken, pork, steak and chorizo tacos. They were good but on every single one the meat was dry. No matter how much sour cream or sauce I put on them they went down like sandpaper. It was strange and hope it was just an off night.I'm terrible at writing reviews so I'll be brief. This place is incredible. The Los Gallos quesadilla is the only thing I ever order and it's perfect every time. Definitely go here.Best Mexican joint in south philly. Good prices and food aswell as selection. Al pastor/chicken/steak are must haves. Friendly staff, which seems to be an issue with the competitors.Amazing chicken and shrimp Combo at a good price ! I'm a foodie & say this is the best authentic Mex restaurant in the entire City! Service and staff are great! This will definitely be one of my regular stops, and they deliverFour stars just because one weekend I called multiple times and was placed on hold to get food delivered. It would have been better to go and pick up food but the rain was too much to venture out. 
Aside from that, the food from here is better than any Mexican place I've ever been to. From guacamole to fish tacos to their platters.... I am always happy with whatever I order. Lovely establishment with great prices to match! Must try if you haven't already!Great tacos! I had the chorizo and pork tacos. Not much selection, though, like if you wanted nachos or something else besides tacos. But those tacos are authentic and damn good!I love this Mexican restaurant. It's not big on the inside but the food is outta this world. I've been to many Mexican restaurants but this is by far my favorite. The service is just as good. I can see why they have been around for as long as they have..they even deliver too.My wife and I were craving some Mexican food and from reading the raving reviews, decided to check this place out. I have to say that they were the best tacos that I've ever tasted! Definitely have to go back!My dad's live two blocks away from Los Gallos Mexican Taqueria.  For just a few bucks, you definitely get your money worth for some good Mexican food.  I had ordered 1 Chicken (3)Taco and 1 Beef (3) Taco, and it only came up to $11.   Definitely was filling, and definitely was tasty.
I'm definitely looking forward to try out the rest of the menu.  
It's a Cash only place.  A grocery store/eat-in/take-out/delivery Mexican Restaurant.My family ate there Saturday night after going out in Philly.  The restaurant is more of a take out place, and although there are tables, it is quite a casual environment; the store is very small and it doubles as a place to purchase Mexican groceries.
The food was overall pretty good.  The guacamole salsa in the beginning was fantastic, kind of a blend of guacamole and chili verde.  There was another hot pepper sauce to dip chips into.  I love spicy food and both were spicy.
One member of the party got the carnitas tostadas.  They were not very good.  The meat was basically chewy pork fat with little flavor; this was definitely the worst tasting dish we had.
My sister and I both had the same dish, a trio meat platter with fajitas.  It was quite good, with the spicy pork being the best.  There was chicken and steak too which was decent, though needed a bit more flavor.  Anyway, leaving the restaurant, everyone was fairly content with the food.
BUT, 1.5 days later, my sister and I were both sick with food poisoning symptoms.  I hate to call a place out with food poisoning, but we had the same dish, had the same symptoms, and were sick starting at the same time.  I saw a food poisoning issue from another commenter and problems with cleanliness from another.
So it is a tough call, people seem to like this place and the food is fairly good.  But, I doubt I will be back; the food wasn't that good.Great food I wouldn't change a thing :)As good as it gets for legit Mexican food in Philly. We've been here twice and each time the food was amazing, the flavors were bold, and the value can't be beat. A few people in our party ordered the shrimp fajitas and they each came with 15+ jumbo shrimp (for ~$15), which is about 3x what you'd get in a "trendy" Mexican place in center city. I had the combo fajitas the first time and shrimp tacos this time and both were superb.
We were all stuffed and had leftovers and even though it's out of the way for us, we'll def. be back!This place is the real deal. I certainly cannot vouch for the authenticity of mexican food, but I can tell you that if this is what real mexican food tastes like, I want to live in Mexico. The place here is kind of creepy -- a hole in the wall joint, with a half-baked grocery store on the site. But the food here is amazing! I went there twice in two consecutive days. First day had the lamb special which came with rice and guacamole and was absolutely delicious. The next day I had the torta al pastor -- which was amazingly tangy and spicy. The portions here are also huge, so one portion will feed you for two days. Really love this place! Will go back in a heartbeat.It's always a good sign when you walk into an Mexican restaurant, and everyone there but you is Mexican.  You can bet that it's probably pretty damn good.
I had been meaning to try Los Gallos after reading so many positive Yelp reviews from Yelpers who I trust.  For anyone who says that Yelp is unfair to businesses, I have to say that because of Yelp, Los Gallos got a new customer!
We decided to head over for an early dinner on a Friday night.  On the recommendation of so many Yelpers, I went with the Al Pastor Quesadilla.  This thing was MASSIVE.  I honestly had to bring half of it home because it was so much food.  And the price (I can't remember but it was around $8, I believe) was way low for the great meal that I got.
I wasn't expecting much in the way of service or ambiance-- this is a taqueria, kids.  But I thought both were sufficient for a casual meal.  Plus, I got to watch Teen Mom 2 en espanol.  My meal was made insanely better by hearing Barbara say to Janelle "You are such a little b*****" dubbed in spanish.
I docked a star because I wasn't blown away by the al Pastor as compared to my other favorite- El Zarape.  But I'm definitely going to head back and try some more of their menu offerings.  Speaking of which, Los Gallos, put your menu online so I can engage in food porn while at work!!!Hands down, my favorite Mexican food place in the city.  The fajitas are probably my favorite, followed by the carne asada burrito.  Their chips and green salsa is out of this world, and good service too.  We go at least once every two weeks with a work crew for lunch, and our gang keeps getting bigger and bigger.You have to try the Mole enchiladas probably some of the best I've had stateside. Horchata was fantastic also. Too bad I have to leave and won't be able to come back anytime soon.Quite authentic, both my bf and I had the tacos- shrimp for me and el pastor for him ( pork and pineapple). BYO. We sat at the 1 of 3 tables outside with the dog. Service was good and tacos were simple but perfect- sour cream, cheese, cilantro, onion. Must try in S. Philly for Mexican.Best guacamole in Philadelphia. Los Gallos is authentic, delicious, and fresh.I went with a groupon with several options for dinner for two.  We went with the two burritos and an order of tacos.  We had an early Sunday dinner, still suffering from the night before.  The chips and salsa instantly helped to ease my headache and stomach issues.  The horchata was sweet and refreshing.  I had a shrimp burrito which was very tasty, and my date had the chorizo burrito.  He loved it and almost ordered another to go.  The tacos were great as well.  I would have liked some more pineapple, but the pork was really good.  Pretty much all of the entrees are under $10.  I will definitely be back.Fantastic Tacos!!!
Breaded chicken sandwich was ok, but the grilled chicken dishes and their homemade drinks were off the charts.Favorite Mexican place I've tried so far in South Philly, and I've made it my mission to try as many as possible. Los Gallos was everything I hoped it would be:
BYOB: check
Inexpensive: check
Enormous portions: check (I had leftovers, which is RARE for me)
Plenty of vegetarian options: check
Awesome Mole sauce: checkThis place was fantastic. I work in South Philly and I am always looking for new places to try. Siri on my iPhone suggested this place when I asked where to get a burrito. I had the chorizo burrito with a side of rice and beans. Amazing food and reasonably priced.The best authentic Mexican food I have had in Philadelphia in a long time. 
The restaurant/bodega is very cute with a huge selection of Latin American spices, cheeses, rices, and dried peppers- a must if you are creating an authentic dinner at home. 
And eating here, is out of this world. 
I enjoyed the "Earth & Sea" platter. The sauce they use to saute the shrimp, chicken, & steak is addicting. (I am going through withdrawal right now) Dip that with home made tortilla's and you are in Mexican heaven. 
My partner had the Burrito Supremo with chicken and he made a special request to fill the burrito with that red spicy sauce that they serve you with the chips in the beginning; it was a perfect balance between sweet & spicy. 
We will be eating here often in the future and I am so glad we found this place.I have been going to Los Gallos for a while and I am sad to say the service has gone downhill. The waitress took about 10 minutes to give me and my sister water after first arriving. We then ordered the guacamole. It lacked lime and cilantro but made up for it in those avocado stems/butts. We found at least 8 in it. When our entrees came out, I ordered the shrimp fajitas and they were a chicken and beef mix. We then decided to try one of the pieces of cake in the case (the flan cake). Unfortunately, it was pretty flavorless. When we got the bill my fajitias weren't the price they were advertised for the wednesday special. I used to love this place for their guac, fajitias, and al pastor tacos, but after this experience. I don't know if it's worth the hassle for shoty service. Another great mexican place bites the dust :(LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!  The food is great!!  Spicy pork and pineapple anything is amazing!!Authentic mexican food...Byob, had the "Mojarra frito" a deep fried fish that was excellent. Food was well priced and very good. Will repeat here. If your going on a Friday night...uber/Lyft suggested.Very good food. Very pleasant lunch-dinner time atmosphere. Prices are very reasonable.Best Mexican in south philly by far!! Everything is delicious and the owners are so nice.Food was very good! Portions were HUGE sometimes too much I think. The Quesadilla was enormous the service was HORRIBLE!!! All waitresses had attitude all 6 of them. They took FOREVER to get water, food or anything for that matter. The shrimp was mushy and smelled bad when I told the waitress she looked at me as if was talking about the news. Everything else was good... oh and don't get the chocoflanI wish i could rate this place in 2 different catagories - food and 'experience'. The food was the best Mexican food i have had in a really long time, so authentic and supremely yummy. 5 star food. 
but.... we waited, literally, one hour. and when you are hungry, that is a lifetime. Plus, the tables are actually in the middle of the bodega, so i was tempted to grab a loaf of bread and open a peanut butter and make my own sandwich. 
they did provide basket after basket of fresh chips and 2 salsas, and they were apologetic and sweet.....but when you are starving and have been waiting that long, its hard to smile back.
i know it was our waitresses first day, but unless it was also all the kitchen staffs first day that really doenst explain it. 
there were quite a few other tables occupied, but they were by no means packed, so i really cant figure out what they hold up was. 
but the food was so good i would go back and try again. 
they had crazy mexican movies from the 60's on the tvs so that was fun. 
we had a carnitas burrito and a al pastor. they were huge, we literally took half of each home (but we had gorged on chips for an hour).
they have mexican sodas, great guac, and amazing food. 
you should try it, i will again. via con dios that you dont have to wait as long as we did. it may have been a fluke.We have returned to Los Gallos often since our original excellent meal in 2014 and it is always the same. Great Mexican food. Although we moved from Philadelphia last year, we visited a few  weeks ago and enjoyed another terrific meal at LosGallos.The absolute best authentic Mexican food. BYOB. Great service too. Can't wait to go back.Great Service, great food (3 taco Al Pastor being my favorite), and great atmosphere. THIS is the place to get your tacos in Philly. If you eat in, I've got to admit it will take a while, but it's worth the wait. I usually order from here if I'm at work looking for a taco lunch. They deliver to Washington ave which is a great surprise to me still BUT that's why I love them!Just waited 2 hours for delivery when we were told 45 minutes. Literally tried calling for a half hour straight to try to cancel but nobody would answer either number. when the guy finally answered he just said sorry we are very busy. Delivery driver had no reason said to call the restaurant. Rejected the food. Absolutely no sense of customer service. We have loved their food in the restaurant but after this never going back.The people here are extremely friendly and the food is amazing . If you want authentic Mexican food, you must come here. I highly recommend this restaurant and it has become one if my main restaurants that I frequent.I first found this place on yelp when we were hungry at the bar and they delivered. First off I couldn't even get through on the phone for well over 20 min, not that they didn't answer, their line was busy. On a Sunday night? I'll take that as a good sign! LoL
We've had the tacos ranchero, nachos, quesadilla and I grabbed a tortas cubana for lunch yesterday. This place and the Tacos Al rodeo are the only two places I've found in Philly that have food on par with what I used to get in Arizona. That includes a coworker who would go back to Mexico on weekends and have bags and pots filled with his mother's cooking that he was always generous with on Mondays.
They have a big cooler filled with Mexican sodas and a great selection. Squirt, I haven't seen in probably 20 years. Squirt in a glass bottle? Try more like 30! The only downside to this place is that whenever I order to the bar I have to listen to people whining now that the foods here. Should've ordered when I asked you if you wanted anything.Best Mexican restaurant in south philly ! This place is amazing. Their food, service and atmosphere all gets a 10 in my book. If you haven't dined in here, you absolutely have to! This place is so cool inside. The workers here are extremely nice. The food oh man the food! AMAZING. I have zero complaints about this place. Try this place out if you haven't yet!The 2 stars are for the food because it was actually good but the service is TERRIBLE. Be prepared to wait for everything from chips, to water, food, your check, and your change. I have never been at a restaurant where my goal was just to go home at a decent time!Excellent tacos. Giant nachos. And very affordable. A real nice little BYO thats never too busy...We've been ordering takeout from Los Gallos for the last couple of years, and when the secret started to leak after so many rave reviews and write ups  all over the place, I was afraid the food and service would suffer with the influx of new customers, but nope! The food is still crazy good and the staff is so pleasant. By far, the best Mexican I've ever had.Muito Bom, boa comida, atendimento excelente. Very good. One of the best Mexican restaurants.so we really lucked out with a great house in south philly, and one of the huge benefits is living right around los gallos! we've ordered here several times now, the squash blossom quesadillas, the vegetarian tacos, the chips and guac ... it's all so good. the wait is long and the waitresses are kept really busy multitasking, but the food is worth it.Hidden Gem!!  We started going here when it was a bodega with two tables in the back.  They've grown to a full restaurant now.  I usually get tacos (al pastor, bistec) but everything is good.  The owner Luz will come out and greet you and complimentary chips & guacamole are waiting for you when you sit down.  Inexpensive and clean.  Great selection of international soft drinks.Really amazing red sauce. I had huevos rancheros and it was really excellent. Great salsas too. It's a BYOB place.My go to Mexican in south Philly. I would have give 5 stars, but they are so slow that its hurts!
I passed by there and order for pickup, I waited almost an hour for fish taco's and quesadilla.. but its was SO worth it. when I ordered delivery it was even worse.. but again - worth it. everything is fresh and the food is delicious and flavorful. 
Its inexpensive, their chips and salsa are great, its byob and their portions are huge. what there not to love?This place is right around the corner from my house and I've been meaning to try it out for a while.  Finally went last night.  Excellent food, gracious and helpful staff.  Will definitely be going back.The price is pretty good. The wait for the food is worth it though. I recommend the Al Pastor tacos, 3 for $5.50Beyond awesome. Where do I start?!? First off, be aware that this place is heavily freqented but they keep up with the business and the quality never ever drops. Insanely good tacos, great guacamole with chips and great cactus to go with my wife's favorite dish from there. Dessert are great too. So happy I found this place, my go to for when I am in the mood for well made food from a truly authentic taqueria establishment!My go to mexican spot in philly! I always come and get a variety of tacos and demolish them, if by chance there's anything left over I eat that promptly in the next sitting (they are just as good reheated). I usually get carnitas, al pastor, and bistec asado. I like both the la casa and rancheros style. It just depends on the type of meat and the day. I think their housemade salsas and chips are fantastic too. Warm chips, spicy & smoky salsas, and a mexican soda to start always puts me in the best mood. Good, cheap, and fast. Los gallos is one of a kind!We found this place thru Yelp. Our first experience was great! But then we went backs 2nd time and the waitress was not as friendly as our last one! I think it was because we were the last customers, and she was rushing. I would definitely recommend to arrive at least at 6 or 7 pm for dinner, otherwise you will not get the best experience of the place! But their food is amazing and kudos to the chef! We will definitely come back but earlier. Because closing time those women don't want to be bothered and they start to clean and close down right by your food. So definitely get there early!Seriously good mexican and byob to boot. Prices are reasonable and literally every time I go everything I get is amazing. I encourage you to go out of the taco/burrito realm... not that they arent fantastic, but so many other things are as well!This is by the far the greatest taco spot in Philly.  The chorizo, the al pastor.  Not to mention the cubanas!  OMG.  No need to go to any other taco spots ever again in Philly.  Eat in, at the back of the store or have them deliver.My family and I have been eating here for the past few years - about once a month. Everything is clean and fresh. Not too salty, extra flavor, large portions. One of Philly's very best restaurants.Great find.  Large portions, good prices and great quality.  Guacamole is delightful. Fajita portion is enough for 2! Highly recommend. It's also byob for an extra bonus! Can't wait to go backDisclaimer: I'm Mexican
Aye Dios mio.
This place has the best Mexican food in the city. The prices are cheap but the food, oh man, it's like being home.  Their selection of Mexican soft drinks is the largest I've seen. It even had brands I never saw before. 
The parking situation can be tough since it's in a residential neighborhood but it's definitely worth it!Ever since we left California we've been looking for a place that  comes real close to Tacos El Guero excited can't wait to try your food especially your fish tacos and your carne asada tacosJust realized I haven't reviewed my favorite Mexican joint yet. How is that possible?
Los Gallos is, hands down, the best place to get your "authentic Mexican" fix in Philly. Everything is fresh and flavorful, served in large portions and for a cheap price. The chicken rancheros tacos are the best - 3 tacos filled with heaps of succulent chicken. I also love the guacamole - it's a HUGE portion and it is So. Fresh. Oh. Yum.
The exterior looks a bit hole-in-the-wall-ish but the inside is surprisingly spacious and extremely clean. The workers are eager to serve. Extra points for being BYOB.
No frills, no nonsense Mexican.So far the best in town...but that ain't sayin much.
God I miss San Diego!All I need to say about this place is that it is the best Mexican food I have ever had (and I love Mexican food!). You really can not get anything here that is not overly delicious and fresh. The portions are very generous, the pricing is very good, staff is very friendly, and its BYOB. I've been going here since they opened and I never get tired of it. I'm so happy there is such a good Mexican place in South Philly. 
Must tries are the; El pastor Rancheros and Mole Enchiladas. Oh and don't forget to get a Mexican coca cola.This place is infested with bugs!!!
I have no idea why this place has so many good reviews. First of all, we got there around 8pm and nobody came to the door to seat us, so we had to walk all the way to the back just to get a table. When I went to use the bathroom it was infested with flies all over the ceiling. 
I ordered the cheese enchiladas with mole sauce. I also ordered a drink that never came that they tried to charge me for at the end. My meal to say the least was gross. The tortillas were hard and difficult to cut, it had barely any beans inside it and the entire dish was DROWNING in mole sauce. So much sauce that I couldn't taste my dish. My boyfriend ordered tacos which he said were tasteless. The sauces they use for the chips and salsa are sauces to add flavor to main dishes, not your traditional dipping salsa. I don't think they really know how to make mexican food, even though they advertise that it is 'traditional.' 
I'm from Chicago and have lived in California (home of the cali burrito) and we saw that this was the best place to get mexican food in phili, I am in shock. After picking up our plates we waited 10+ minutes for our check and had to go up to the back to pay our bill. Save your money and go somewhere that isn't bug infested, drowning in sauce, and more for your money. I would never come back here.This place is legit! My boyfriend and I split chips and guacamole -- fresh and flavorful. I had three steak tacos with cilantro and onion, which were stuffed with ingredients and packed with flavor. I'm sometimes hesitant to get steak tacos when they're priced so cheaply, because a few pieces of chewy, fatty steak ruin the meal for me, but the meat in these tacos was high quality (and plentiful!) My boyfriend's enchilada dish was enormous and he enjoyed it thoroughly. Overall, portions are big and reasonably priced, and food is authentic and delicious. It's our new go-to spot for grabbing a bite before heading over to the stadiums!Showed up with a group of 10 and we were seated immediately.  The nachos were excellent and the chorizo tacos were greatWISH I lived closer to this place!!
Atmosphere: Casual.  Bustling.
Food: Fabulous and fresh.  
What to order: Anything, really, it's all good, but if you go on a weekend, go for the tamales!  I'm also a huge fan of horchata, so I'd suggest that too.  
Service: Laid back.  Perhaps a tiny bit slow, but making food this fresh and tasty does take a little time.I checked this place out after having a craving for legit Mexican food. As a native of SoCal, I should hope that I have some ability to discern good or bad Mexican food.
I was impressed by the selection of food items (tortas, tacos, enhiladas), although I was a little disappointed that they didn't have chiles rellanos or any sort of burrito meal. However, this place maybe more oriented toward a lunch time environment, as it is a sit-down place/market.
The salsa and dip for the chips were pretty good and spicy. I ordered beef, steak and chicken tacos, which were all very tasty.  Additionally, 3 soft tacos comes in at $5.50-nice!
I also ordered a jarritos soda, since they are rare to get out here in Philly. And just to make me a little homesick, I picked up some Pan Dulce, which I haven't had since I was growing up in LA.
Great little place to go for a tasty Mexican lunch.This place looks like a bodega on the outside (a damn good one too) but inside hides delicious food. The place is clean and the employees are always so nice even if there is a language barrier sometimes. Its definitely one of the places I frequent now.Awesome! Food has a ton of flavor and tables inside are placed throughout a little market.One of the best Mexican restaurant I've been too. The food is really good and inexpensive. It gets packed around dinner time and it is first come first serve so come early to get your seats.I traveled east to taste authentic cuisine from the south!
If you aren't impressed with the colorful interior (where rainbow colored paper flyers delicately cut to depict scenes and cultural objects hang from the ceiling and a wall-to-wall mural greets you as you enter), then you should at least be impressed by their menu items, of which there are many. When our group came in the other day with a reservation we were seated immediately. The place was full at peak dinner time which is a testament to its popularity. Which is well deserved in my opinion.
After being somewhat overwhelmed with all the menu options, I ordered the Sante Fe burrito and a Jamaica (Hibiscus tea) to drink. This was my first time trying this Mexican staple and it was a pleasant surprise of tangy and sweet. Don't be afraid to order the "small" considering that I would guess the volume to be 16 oz or more. My only quip was that the small drinks were served in lidded Styrofoam cups while the larges were in (even taller) fancy curved glasses. My entree was a massive burritot adorned very elegantly with buttery pieces of avocado and spirals of sour-cream. I dressed it with the remainder of the two types of salsa (a creamier green one and a spicier red one) from our complimentary chips/salsa. That evening I was pretty hungry so I actually polished off 2/3 of the burrito whereas I'd normally stop at half. As a result, for around $10 I had a solid two meals that were exceptionally tasty.
Overall, this was a great experience, although I'm not qualified to comment on its authenticity. But as a person who likes flavorful and piquant fare in a lively and interesting environment, this tiny restaurant was a hit!Was coming to South Philly to shop at IKEA, so checked out this spot for an early dinner. Wow! The food is wonderful. Great guacamole, tostadas with Pastor pineapple pork, my husband loved his pollo asado burrito. Yummy strawberry milkshake! So reasonable, good service, this is a little neighborhood gem. Clean, attractive and tasty. Will return for sure. Loved it.The go to spot as of late and has never disappointed. $8.50  burritos that are tasty as hell and leave you stuffed.  I've had the chicken, pork, and tongue all of which are awesome.  Tacos Al Pastor are ridiculous.  They deliver if you want to stay home.  It's also a byob if you want to hang out there and swig a few brews. 
Awesome food + cheap price+ byo= 5 stars. Don't change a thing!!!!I was in Philly on an unrelated errand and hopped on Yelp to look for Mexican food. All the reviews were spot on. Great place. Good delicious and clean!The steak tacos (three for $5.50, I believe) are so good I can`t review anything else. I mean it, I really can`t review anything else because I haven`t tried it, but I want to.
Perfect for lunch or a light dinner, you get three soft tortilla tacos filled with...the filling of your choice, chopped onion and cilantro, lime wedges, and a grilled pepper. They`re also served with two side sauces, but because of my extreme taking the spicy like a bitch-ness I don`t indulge in those. For the brave however, I have no doubt they`d be enjoyed. When I eat them I don`t feel heavy and gross, the flavors are clean, and everything tastes fresh. If you eat in the place is clean, cozy, and the people working there have been extremely polite.
I`m not big on soda but there`s something about Los Gallos that makes it okay to down a tamarindo or mango Jarrito, enjoy good food and smile at the Telemundo sounds bouncing around the store.Los Gallos is delicious! I had the steak tacos with cilantro and onion and they were out of this world. The meat was perfectly done and so tasty. I also got the guacamole & chips, and let me tell you - I could eat the guac alone with a spoon, that's how amazing it was! It looks like a little hole-in-the-wall, nothing too fancy, but it's the food that matters, and it was great and affordable. It also serves as a little corner store, with both Mexican items and usually necessities. From what I could see it was very, very clean. All of the people were so sweet and nice, and the service was fast and efficient. A wonderful place to go if you want good food without the obnoxious hippie chic vibe of the Cantina.Great little corner Mexican place. Good pricing and great food. The table service inside is very laid back and casual vibe. I almost always get my stuft to go. Regardlessvery nice people and great food. They also recently added alot more texmex options to their menu in addition to the classic mexican menu. I will say the extra 1$ for cheese is totally worth it. Some of the best cheese ever.Fresh, good quality. If you love Taco Bell (I hate Taco Bell) and eventually have a real taco this is heaven!!As much of a Mexican population we have in Philly, there aren't many great authentic Mexican restuarants in the city.  I always love my friends' Maribel, Veronica and Alberto's home-cooked Mexican meals, but found it hard to find anything comparable in the Philly food scene until my I discovered Los Gallos!!
It's also BYOB!  I am sucker for BYOBs!  The dishes are reasonably priced, with large portions and we always leave with leftovers!
Ambiance:  Small, low-key, relaxed, great for a chill dinner party with little fuss.
Service:  It can be a bit slow sometimes and you end up eating more nachos than you really should.  But the staff is super friendly.
Food:  Love it!  Simple, authentic Mexican dishes!  My go-to's are the Enchiladas Poblanas con Pollo Asado en Mole (Chicken enchiladas in mole sauce) and Tacos A La Plancha con Costilla De Res (Grilled beef short ribs tacos with grilled cactus).  I love their cactus and their mole sauce!  Yum!! The beef can be a bit salty sometimes, so I usually ask them to use less salt.
Drinks:  I have to say it agaim, it's BYOB!  I don't usually drink soda, but when here, I have their Coke.  They serve "Mexican Coke" which is made with real sugar, not the crappy syrupy soda that's made in the US.  You have to specifically ask for the Mexican Coke, otherwise, they may serve you the American one...  They also serve horchata and fresh jimaca water.My favorite taco place in South Philadelphia! Their tacos are amazingly flavored and I have no bad things to say about it. I usually always get the chicken tacos or the Al Pastor tacos with a Horchata to drink while I enjoy the delicious tacos. For the price, I have no complaints and would definitely recommend!My car got hit and take out is worse than the dishes you normally get when you sit down and eat I wasn't too impressed I'll stick to my usual spot up the street , el jarocho !!!I must have either came on a bad night or have the worst taste buds known to man.  I LOVE Mexican food and have eaten it all over the country and even a few times overseas.  I am not a picky eater by any means, I assure you, but I could not take more than two bites of the "carnita" tacos.  They were fatty and tasted fishy.  I asked my friends to try the tacos because I assumed it was me, but unfortunately their taste buds produced the same results.  I looked forward to trying this place based on the fantastic reviews and amazing word of mouth referrals, but let me assure you that I will not be back.  I was informed this was authentic Mexican cuisine by the waitress, which makes me feel like an all American boy that needs to stick to cheeseburgers and French fries.  My lame taste buds could not handle the "authenticity" of Mexican cuisine.This place is amazing. My boyfriend and I pick up food from here regularly and it is always delicious. He loves the tortas, and they are ALL good, especially the Cuban or the breaded chicken. The tacos are my favorite, chicken or chorizo, and the chipotle ranch dressing on their salad is incredibly addicting.
It may not look like a big deal, but their food definitely is!I love Los Gallos. I live nearby and have been going there since it opened.
If anything, it's gotten better.
I'm a vegetarian, and always have plenty to choose from. 
I even had my last birthday party dinner there!