Replaces the Inn @ Penn Italian restaurant and is owned by the same owners as White Dog Cafe. Good food and service. I'd visit more often but $47 for a burger and two beers makes this spot special event only.Went here for our anniversary. The duck beast was a little fatty. However the potatoes, mushrooms, and string beans with the sauce was pretty amazing. There is not only a lot of wine options but lots of variety. The chocolate parfait was awesome. Best salted caramel I've ever had. Best part however was the staff. Everyone was so nice. They handed us a card thanking us for spending our anniversary there which is such a cute thing to do.Very tasty. More French than Parc. Enjoyed happy hour then some very nice salads for dinner. French fries were great.Stumbled upon this White Dog sister restaurant in U. City and SO happy! It is fun, stylish and delicious. The food is French, with a modern flair - think escargots with baby ravioli. Get the bacon wrapped dates and ask your bartenders about the cocktails; they are all creative, beautiful and tasty.Salmon BLT sandwich was delicious!!! Piece of salmon was a little small though, somewhat excess bread. Lemon Aolli was perfect. The fries were a bit soggyI went here for Brunch on Saturday. We had late reservations that apparently was never accepted by the restaurant (via opentable). Nonetheless, we were seated immediately. I started off with a Bloody Mary which was not very good. For starters, it contained three separate liquors which should have been a giveaway. My next drink was the weekend warrior which was a sweet tea drink. It was a smooth drink but lacked the amount of alcohol I'd hoped. The bread was good and brought to our table. We had an appetizer but the name is escaping me. I tried the lobster and Brie omelet which was pleasant. They did not skimp on the lobster, but the Brie was not noticeable. The best part was the atmosphere and will cause me to return!Should really be the title of a 1950s song, for you are stepping back into French American food of the 50s when it was thought of as "fancy."  This is no place for vegans or vegetarians; this is the land of ham fried in butter stuck between two buttered fried pieces of bread.  Having pretty much no entree choices beyond an omelet, not even an entree sized salad (the usual refuge for the unimaginative chef faced with the scourge of the non-carnivorous), I ordered an appetizer, the onion tart.  The onion was worked to a fare-thee-well, no sign of its former self, and the flakey buttery crust was properly made, which is to say light, crisp, greasy and raspy to the tongue such that I soon lost my appetite for it has been so many years since I've had to eat such a thing.  The menu was uninspired; the acoustics were godawful--I mean, I couldn't hear the person across from me because everyone was talking very loudly to overcome the sound bouncing everywhere--so much for our business lunch or for intimate conversations.  The service was good; the decor was unexceptional. It's not a place I'll likely revisit.The food was outstanding, the service was top notch and the ambience was continentally sophisticatedLove the ownership here!! They treat patrons very well. Not to mention a spectacular happy hour!Delicious food and incredible service. Make sure to check out the happy hour! Bacon wrapped dates are a must- as are the mushroom toast and the lamb meatballs!A fun place , enjoyed the bartender , drinks ambiance of this place . Fun to hang out with friends and social gatherings.Highly recommend! Very unique, energetic spot. A bunch of highlights, but two stuck out to me. The service was amazing and hands down made the evening even better. The food was awesome- especially the menu. A plethora of options - all good. Again, highly recommend checking it out- I'll be back...Great spot for happy hour. Awesome drinks and appetizers. The watermelon mint martini was super refreshing and I also highly suggest the oysters and cheese board. The decor was gorgeous. Looking forward to going back again soon.Adorable ambiance, but food was extremely salty. Once you get over the salt, it was pretty good. Fries were limp and soggy, but the aioli they came with was delicious. Happy hour makes it much more affordable, but even only ordering from happy hour, spent about $40. I had the mushroom ragout, deviled eggs, fries, mint watermelon martini, and white sangria.We had a really nice dinner here and we had very good service. I would highly recommend ordering the nightly special which everyone loved! It is a great restaurant for special occasions or to just meet up with friends. My girlfriend is a vegan and found wonderful options.Right now, this is seriously one of the best happy hours in Philadelphia. The cocktails are great, as are the pan tomate and the arancini. The space is beautiful inside and out- I hope the happy hour deals stay around for a long time!From the bread to the lemon tart, this place had a fresh air to it.  I was by myself today and the server, Krystal, came over a few times to asked me how I found my selections and there was a genuine interest in my response.  The bread was fresh and the butter that accompanied it had a slight sweetness to it which I enjoyed as an accompaniment.  I was in the mood for the lyonnaise salad and bacon wrapped dates, both which did not disappoint.  The salad was an excellent blend of tart and smooth dressing and I had a wealth of additional flavors from bacon lardons that were mixed in.  The potatoes helped to round out this dish.  I loved the bacon wrapped dates with the crispiness of the bacon wrapped around sweet dates.  Both dishes were filling so I went for the lemon tart, which was a wonderful finish to a pleasant meal.Right outside of the University of Pennsylvania.  This is my first time here. Went for breakfast.  There is metered parking right outside.  Went for breakfast.  Breakfast menu is limited but good. We had the avocado toast and the yogurt with granola.Absolutely incredible! Newly opened, we found it during University City restaurant week.  The 1940s old Hollywood feel is lush, comfortable, and just superb, and I completely fell in love with the ambiance.  I was not disappointed by the food, from appetizer to desserts! A limited menu, I cannot wait to return for the full fare-- the five of us dined on a gazpacho- truly unbelievable delight to the palate, escargot, goat cheese aranchini, venison, salmon, chicken- and each was extraordinary. The wine and beer selections are wide, varied, and delightful!  Faye, our server, kept up smiling, and was a delight-- we tipped her generously as she was as much a part of our dining experience as the food itself!  ASK for Faye, you won't regret it!Friday evening, got in with no reservations, still the early days since opening. Service was great. It's a center city restaurant with center city prices that just happened to be located in West Philly. Based on prices, I assume the intended clientele is UPenn's visitors on department budget (interviewers/speakers), Wharton and Medicine folk, maybe parents. Too expensive for most students but it's nice to have a upscale venue like this too. Food was solid but nothing too adventurous. Lobster bisque that is poured ceremoniously at the table, duck breast cooked well but paddling in wine sauce just a tad bit too sweet, and disappointedly sinewy steak frites with undercooked fat. The steak tartare was good! All acceptable quality, just not particularly exciting. 
Will return again for happy hour.Delicious spot for brunch. I never get omelettes, but the wild mushroom omelette was perfectly cooked and came with the best, saltiest, crispiest homefries ever! Great selection of interest mimosa/bellini flavors. Goat cheese arancini was awesome, too. 
The decor inside was seriously out of a magazine. I couldn't stop oohing and ahhing over the tilework and furniture.Food was uneven.  Service was perplexing.   Overall overpriced.   The onion soup was unbelievably salty.  Almost inedible.  The beet salad, Scottish salmon and cod were good but not memorable and again overpriced.  When one of our party asked that no extra salt be added to her fish entree, they delivered it on a bed of salad rather than on the mashed potatoes as normal.  Without asking her in advance.  When one of our party asked if the bread could be warmed the server inexplicably said no.  Really?  So many good restaurants so little time.  Don't waste yours (and your money) here.The decor is great here, I'm bias when it comes to the music choice here since it's Motown nonstop. We came during happy hour; which to my surprise was amazingly priced. The appetizers were good but I think our choice of entrees wasn't that great, I got the veal & tuna which is veal sweet bread and tuna tartare. The sweetbread didn't have much flavor but was cooked perfectly, I might have added more capers into the tartare. My girlfriend got the mussels and frits which was pretty good. For apps we got the goat cheese Arancini, escargot, and pan con tomate with anchovies. Drinks are worth the price .. we will frequent for happy hour for sure and Want to Explore the menu.. for the first week of the restaurant being open; I think it's great 4/5 easily. The price is exactly what you should expect when coming to place like this. Thank youVery nice space with a comfortable lounge area. The service was impeccable. We were there just for small plates and we ordered a tuna tartar and a shrimp cocktail. Both were fresh and delicious. As an aside, I know shrimp cocktail has kind of an 80's feel however theirs was super fresh and the cocktail sauce was made correctly. I also had an espresso and, again, it was made properly. 
This space has been many things in the past but I hope they survive. We definitely will be back for dinner.My fiancé and I came in to celebrate our engagement. We started off with a couple cocktails (Watermelon Martini & Southside of Rockaway). Both were refreshing and delicious. We ordered the fried green beans as an appetizer. They weren't deep fried as we anticipated but were delicious with a nice balsamic reduction. For our entrées, she ordered the raviolis which came with a nice vegetable assortment mixed in and I ordered the Mussels & Frites. The mussels came with some lightly toasted bread that I liberally used for soaking up the delicious sauce. The frites were done just right and had a garlic aioli for dipping. We finished off the lovely evening with crème brulee.
The ambiance was fantastic and they gave us two complimentary glasses of champagne.  Nice new restaurant that had fair prices for the higher end food.Agree with the other reviews that it depends what you order if you'll be excited or disappointed. Steak tartar was over salty etc. but I continued to go for the ambiance. 
I just read another review from someone who is Asian who encountered discrimination here.Just ordered take out from here and it was excellent!  I order a lot of delivery in the city (I rarely cook for myself!).  I had the bacon wrapped dates, the chips and dip and the french dip.  I kept the chips for later, so no comment on those yet.  The sandwich was excellent.  The bread was great, but I didn't want to fill up on bread, so off it went for the all the good stuff in the middle. The cheese YUM!  The onion broth to dip in was full of flavor.  Now for the dates, whatever that sauce in they serve it in was sooooo good. May have to visit the restaurant now that I checking out on yelp and see how fun the decor is and the bar looks awesome. This is now in my book of places I need to visit.Excellent service, cocktails and detail-oriented food. The vibe was fun and clean and service was on point. 
The bacon dates were so good, the blue cheese sauce was amazing!  The beet salad was perfect and fresh and the meats were cooked perfectly. Don't miss out on the desserts...the lemon tart was perfection, as was the puff pastry with nutty/orange flavors. For a restaurant that just opened this month, they've got it down! Wtg to the entire staff from walking in and being greeted, kitchen, chefs, servers and runners. Thank you! We'll be back next time we're in Philadelphia.Louie Louie has outstanding decor, attentive service, and great food. I came with friends for drinks and they treated us so well that we decided to stay for dinner. The cheese plate was a real treat, as were the salmon, venison and trout. The roasted beets and carrots were also incredible. Would go back in a heartbeat.Yay another restaurant on campus that I can't afford! Yes, the food is delicious (I can only vouch for the fries and onion soup). Yes, the decor is cool (though a little blinding). Yes, the waitstaff was great. 
Unfortunately I can only afford to go here once a year due to the steep prices. Penn does not pay its employees enough to enjoy many restaurants and faster food choices on their own campus (they control most of the real estate and no doubt are involved in the launching of new businesses in said real estate). I can only assume this is meant to provide big bosses a place to hang out in private and to woo rich parents, donors, and other visitors. It's a bummer.Came here for an interview dinner and heard good things about this place that took over Penne not too long ago. Interior decor is quite clean and stylish with a European cafe open air feel. The bar is quite inviting with the lobby of the hotel (Inn at Penn) in the same room. Our waitress was extremely nice and attentive the whole night. We had a guest that had a garlic allergy and she was very accommodating by asking the chef about altering dishes. I started off with the Smoking Sazerac Redux. The presentation was exquisite with the bitters smoking around the upside glass. The glass maintained that smoking flavor as they poured the rye whiskey into the glass. Very smooth and smoky drink. We ordered the cheese board (you get to choose 5 cheeses from 7 options) which was a perfect size for four. We also ordered the yellowfin tuna tartare. Arranged beautifully and had a great citrus taste. My main dish was monkfish picatta where the fish was cooked perfectly onto green beans and a great citrusy and buttery flavor. My colleagues thoroughly enjoyed their short braised beef and duck. Overall, a great experience from drinks to entrees. Will be back for happy hour when I have to shell out my own cash ($$).Slow kitchen. This last time they were busy and ended up waiting more than half an hour for our brunch order.Ugh, this actually pains me.  I had high hopes for this spot and was the one that recommended it for a group meal.  Left the restaurant w my friends being pretty embarrassed since I was the one that chose this overhyped spot.  This restaurant is just AWFUL.  Like all-around blows. Lets start with the service.  Pretty much everyone we encountered from the host to the waitress just didn't seem to give a sh%t.  It was like we were intruding on them in their own private home.  When I said the name of the reservation the host must of not heard me and responded with "what?". Really? "What?"...WHAT are you 10 yrs old?  Learn how to hold an adult conversation.  This restaurant falls into the category of "instagram type restaurant" where it looks good in photos but thats about all thats good about it.  No substance.  No heart.  No real care to actually put in the effort but rather just to come off as if you do.  If you put half the amount of effort into actually caring that you do pretending that you care you'd probably not be getting so many bad reviews.  We sat down and it took a solid 10-12 minutes to get a drink order.  We got a few apps (lamb meatballs, burrata)...both nothing to write home about.  I had the burger that was bland and dry.  I can forgive a bad dish though.  I have trouble forgiving bad service especially service that seems systematically awful.  It wasn't just that we had a bad server.  Everyone was bad.  Not sure who runs this place but whoever is at the top needs to get a grip on this restaurant.  Overpriced, uninspired food with lazy, cold staff. I think the owners also own white dog which I actually like.  Not sure how they steered wrong with this spot.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! So many better restaurants in Philly and around UPenn.Such a great new place in the city! We were a party of 10 and the service (Mike was our server) was amazing! The food was delicious and the drinks were fabulous! Not only did everything taste GREAT, but the presentation of the food and drinks were incredible (floating ice rose in the white cosmopolitan!)! The decor is so unique and just awesome! Our entire party loved it and will definitely be back!Nice ambience. Good food but not outstanding. The service is a problem. Upon entering the restaurant, we waited almost 5 minutes before anybody even said hello to us. There were 3 hostesses and for some reason they were all busy doing something at the desk. Once we were at the table, it took about 10 minutes for the waiter to show up. He took our drinks order, brought them to the table quick but then disappeared for 15 minutes . Finally, after taking our order, it took almost 30 minutes for the food to come out.  I did see other tables waiting for their food long time. We never got bread and butter which other tables did, even after asking twice. In all it  took 1 hour and 45 minutes for lunch. Not a good experience.This French bistro is amazing! The Art Deco atmosphere takes your breath away the second you walk in and the American-French menu tastes as good as it sounds. I've come here with friends and it's my go-to spot for Bumble dates! The staff's super friendly and interacted a lot with my date and I- will be coming back for future dates and brunch with my friends!Meretricious. 
Terrible service. Poorly executed dishes. Inflated prices. Avoid. 
Provincial food in a garish setting.Jason Sheehan needs to understand that Louie Louie deserves more respect then his review.  I have been fortunate to travel the world and have eaten in some some of the greatest restaurants in the world like Crissier in Switzerland near Lausanne with three Michelin stars chef Fredy Giradet at the helm.  Louie Louie is a nice place to go with a close friend for a romantic lunch or dinner.  It is like a modern version of Balthazar's in New York.  The food was good and the staff is more then willing to accommodate you if you are not satisfied with a particular dish.  The Steak Tartare needed less Dijon vinaigrette and if I ordered this again I would request this and it would have been delicious.  The Oysters were fresh, clean and moist.  The Lamb Meatballs are AMAZING! If your in Philly go to Louie Louie for this dish.Beautiful place, well decorated and very comfy, just like all the white dog cafes by the same owner. Food would have been excellent -- and got 4.5 stars if served properly hot. We ordered lobster bisque -- lukewarm at the best; duck burger -- very nice, but fries were cold!! And lamb meatballs -- okay but again, lukewarm at best. Very unsatisfying. Service was slow when we came last week; today we had yo wait for like 10 minutes for our waiter to show up, which could be because we changed table. Once he showed up, he was pleasant and attentive so no grudges. Later again waited a long time for him to come over so we can pay. Overall, felt the food was a silly let-down, and the service could definitely improve.I came here today with a friend for lunch. The place is very aesthetically pleasing. We got the chicken liver as an appetizer. It was just ok to me. I've had better, for I think $9, it came with 4 little slices of bread that made up to be 1 slice, maybe less. It wasn't practical to eat chicken liver mousse like that? Anyways, we asked for more bread and she gave us 2 actual slices, which were so much more practical but whatever. We also got the lamb meatballs which I thought were ok. I guess I like regular meatballs instead of lamb? For entrees, I got the Louie burger and my friend got the French dip. I don't know what I was expecting ordering a burger, but it tasted like any other burger. For $19, it wasn't worth it. Came with fries and they were ok. The French dip was pretty good, it was the best thing we ordered. That was a whopping $22. Dessert....we got the sundae, which took awfully long for some reason? It was $12. For like a scoop of ice cream and half a cookie and some brownie and chocolate. Our bill was $81. With tip, $100. For lunch. Yes, for lunch. I think the prices are a little too high for mediocre food. BUT I will say, the dinner menu looks good and I will probably come back. The prices for lunch are the same for dinner for some items. 4 stars for the nice service.Great place to have brunch on Sunday. I was here to take a rest from Penn museum, which I enjoyed throughout the day. The restaurant is 10minutes walk from the museum and connected with the cozy hotel and the seat is spacious. My friend and I enjoyed the atmosphere and the contemporary interior.Louie Louie was a good place for a casual brunch. The dining room and bar are very chic and provide great ambiance; the lights above the booths are absolutely lovely. The menus we were handed were big and off-brand for the interior of the restaurant, more similar to a chain restaurant menu. The food was delicious but a bit overpriced; it seems Louie Louie might be a better option for dinner than for brunch.
Two members of our party got the Signature Bloody Mary and thought the mixture of gin, vodka, and a third liquor was gross. The bellinis were fantastic, but then again, it's not too difficult to mess up a bellini. We started with the arancini which were delicious. My entree was the seafood benedict which was also great. We split the Paris Bret after which was good, but not to my personal tastes. 
I would conclude that this was a good casual brunch, but it didn't wow me.I went here for happy hour with some friends. The waiter walked past our table 3 times before acknowledging us, and then, once we got ready to get up and leave, he magically appeared to take our order! After 25 minutes of waiting and having him say he'd "be back in 5" it just can't be worth it.I was charged 10% tax and poorly treated by the waitress just because of our Asian faces and not fluent English??!!
I asked the waitress why it was 10%, and she showed innocent face and referred to her managers. Orally said, " oh I am sorry but I don't know." Manager came and said, " we can refund you $1". (Yes, it was $50 dinner).
Food is ok if considering it was $35 fixed menu and $15 wine paring.
The service is terrible. So pissed off.
NEVER GO AGAIN!This is a cute cafe that we stopped at for breakfast. It must be very popular because the place was packed. The food was just ok, nothing special. I mean, to be honest, it wasn't far off from a Denny's breakfast, just in a much cuter place. Unfortunately, our service wasn't good. Our waitress was non-existent. I'm not sure it was her fault because she seemed to have too many tables. If people wanted to go again, I'd probably go. Would I pick to return? Probably not.General Manager Clark ,along with executive chef Greg ,have teamed up to provide the University City area with a wonderful lunchtime experience for me.Coming into the restaurant,I was immediately greeted by the hostess,the bartender quickly served me with water and a menu, and asked if I wanted put-in a drink order .For lunch I ordered the French Dip,which was piled on with flavorful prime rib with artisan cheese,accompanied on a baguette with black truffle mayo.To me this sandwich qualifies as my version of a"Philly Cheesesteak "!Strong 4-stars. 
Seated quickly.  Excellent short rib, filet, and ravioli. The drinks, wine selection and small appetizers of cheese and deviled eggs were also very good!  Attentive and sting bar staff. 
Why not 5 stars?  (1) Big burger ordered medium came out rare. It looked good when served and probably would  have been awesome if cooked more. (2) Out of the Squid appetizer and T-Bone (Saturday special) -- the two things I ordered. (3) No bar waiter. So if you sit in the comfortable chairs in the lounge you need to walk up and order drinks from the bar. 
It's VERY LOUD. We were fine with it, but if you are sensitive to it, I would skip --- and for this reason would probably not go with more than 4 people who want to all be part of the conversation.My husband and I ended up at Louie Louie after a downpour discouraged us from venturing out to the White Dog Cafe. Luckily, same owners, this restaurant was right down a staircase from the Inn at Penn. 
Yes, yes it's a "hotel restaurant". But it's a good restaurant, it doesn't need the captive audience. The decor is lovely and lively. The cocktails all sound good, I had the "south side of rockaway". For appetizers we both had soup, hubby had the lobster bisque and I had the French onion soup, good flavor on both. For the mains we had the mussels and frites and the duck burger. The frites were great, crispy and crunchy. My duck "burger" was chunks of confit duck leg and Brie with a sweet sauce. It was really good, delicious. The mussels were in a nice broth and came with dipping bread. We split the lemon tart for dessert and it was a nice tart palate cleansing finish. 
Side note: they have more than a half dozen various types of seating. It all goes together though! There are three colors of banquets, wooden chairs, three different love seats, way more arm chairs. I got a kick out of that. My husband dragged me away before I got to play musical chairs in their lounge area. 
Anyway, I call this a solid option.Louie Louie never disappoints! Their cocktails are fabulous and pair so well with their many delicious appetizers to choose from! Every time I come they raise the bar higher and higher and I leave happy. The decor is absolutely beautiful and it's just an all around comfortable, welcoming establishment to be in. My go to spot to impress my guest!Have been twice - excellent both times. Lunch about a month ago was Branzino and cod almondine - both great.  Last night was the duck and the lamb stew.  Amazing!  Can't wait to take my friends when they visit Philly.I went here for lunch today. It was in walking distance of the hospital. (I recommend families at the local hospitals stop in here and grab a nice meal). It is a little on the pricey side. 
I arrived just a little after 11am. The place was totally empty. Within the hour. the entire restaurant was packed full of people. Groups upon groups of people just kept pouring in. Majority of them had reservations. It became extremely loud in there rather quickly. 
This place is just soooo cute. I really like the charm of it all.
I sat at the bar. I met the nicest bartender, ever, Kat. I ordered my drink and lunch right at the bar. I ordered lamb meatballs. Mmmm they seriously the best. I wish I didn't put salt on before I actually tried them, because I made them way too salty. 
The portion was decent. 
I will for sure be back and I look forward to their dinner menu. 
Once again, amazing amazing amazing service. Thank You!!I tried Louie Louie on a weekday for dinner and it was packed! I loved the interiors and ambience of this place. I also have to mention this place seems really friendly towards to social media influencers! The night I went there were 4-5 Philly influencers having a group photoshoot! 
The food here is really good! I got the Tomato Bruschetta, Butternut Squash Ravioli, Apple Crumble Pie, and the Watermelon Martini. The Tomato Bruschetta with Pepper was just perfect and surprisingly flavorful in a good way! The Butternut Squash Ravioli was not filling but it tasted really good however I do have to mention it was cheese ravioli with a butternut squash dressing. The Apple Crumble Pie was a little too sweet for my taste. The Watermelon Martini was amazing they made with fresh  juice. 
I definitely will be going back again specially for the drinks!! I think it is fair to say that this place is expensive! It's a good first date spot too if you're trying to impress!!Went here for happy hour and ordered four different small plates & a cocktail with a friend. Surprisingly reasonably priced with delicious food  The interior was so modern & old fashioned at the same time. Wonderful place to go with friends for happy hour. Excited to go back for actual dinner!I've walked by this place on numerous occasions, but never had a reason to walk inside. When a friend wanted to have a birthday brunch here, I gladly obliged out of curiosity. I scouted out the menu (as one always should before the first visit to any restaurant) and was excited to try Louie Louie's take on some classic Americana. The whole process from check-in to receiving our food was smooth and uneventful, which is the way it should be. The food arrived and mostly everything was delicious, although nothing in particular is worth writing home about. My only gripe was that our order of truffle fries came out lukewarm. We mentioned it to the waiter when he came by to check on our meal and he graciously offered to switch it out for us. Unfortunately the replacement order came and the fries were not only still lukewarm, but also very overdone. It wasn't overdone in the way that fries get when they're left in the fryer for too long, they were just unusually hard... It was almost as if the kitchen just popped the fries we sent back into the oven to heat up and then forgot about them under the heat-lamp for a few minutes. Is it too much to ask for piping hot fries? If McDonald's can do it and only charge a measly one dollar and change, then so can you.
Overall a solid experience. The service was attentive, the atmosphere was cute, and the food was decent. Would I come back? Yes, I'd be happy to if someone else wanted to try the place, but I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here. Would I order the fries again? No. Maybe the third time is the charm, but I'd rather take the $8 and go to McDonald's.Expensive, but fantastic ambiance, beautifully decorated, good service, and overall a fun experience! 
For brunch/lunch I'd recommend the Ratatouille Omelette, the Warm Monkey Bread, the Truffle Fries (the portion on these is so big it feels unending!), and the Avocado toast. 
For dessert I'd recommend the creme brûlée. 
And for happy hour/small plates I'd recommend the Goat Cheese Arancini and Lamb Meatballs though be warned that the portion sizes are all tiny (see photo)!
Overall, be prepared to spend a lot here but it's a great spot for special occasions and group celebrations!One of my favorites happy hours EVER! The decor, drinks + mini bites all come together for an incredible experience!! Ever time I have to schedule a meeting or a wine down with friends I suggest coming to Louie Louie. P.S. I can't explain it but I'm super obsessed with the deviled eggs!love this place. great atmosphere--large, many seating areas, couches and fire places in addition to bar and restaurant. wonderful staff and service--and great truffle fries and music!!Location is perfect (for Penn visit).  Food is decent. Staff are friendly.  Noise is unbearable.  We didn't even stay for dessert because we couldn't wait to get out of the place.  unlikely for us to return unless the noise issue is fixed.Super cute! Food is alright, and very pricey. I went on a Sunday and they were out of a lot of menu items. 
Very friendly staff but I expected more based on what I read.happy hour here
is 
amazing!
You can choose to sit by the bar or in their spacious lounge area. The food was wonderful - I loved everything we ordered: 
+ bacon wrapped dates (bacon was crisp, dates just melted in my mouth. They're served with a delicious creamy sauce. Definitely my favorite item of the night) 
+ goat cheese arancini (normally not a huge fan of goat cheese, but loved the subtle flavor here) 
+ lamb meatballs (the meat paired really well with the polenta it was served with) 
Their version of the Moscow mule is wonderful. I've had brunch here as well, and while that didn't particularly stand out to me, I definitely recommend coming here for happy hour!When the wretched Penne closed, Louie Louie sprung forth like a hope of spring in the middle of winter. And visually, it is. But, I am afraid, that's where its charms end.
The restaurant is aesthetically very pleasing, but the menu is very limited and overpriced. The food is tasty, but nothing to write home about. The service is fabulous.
We were at the restaurant after the semester wrapped up, and there were not that many people there, and yet it was so loud that we could not hear each other.
The bistro layout means there will be strangers sitting uncomfortably close to you, so don't plan any intimate conversations if you are dining here.Finally a bottomless that doesn't hold back! We went here for brunch and they had amazing food and amazing wait staff. Usually i feel like when restaurants have bottomless they don't come around as often or skimp out on drinks but not here you really are getting a big bubbly mimosa everytime. The food was incredible and overall a great atmosphere! My new fav spot.Service was excellent, even almost perfect. We sat outside in the patio. Despite it being 30 whatever degrees outside, the heaters made it warm and cozy. The fries were really yummy and perfectly seasoned. The egg white omelet was simple but delicious. The french roast was a little weak, but it was still good. Great place overall.Damn! What a beautiful beautiful space! The light fixtures, the seating, the mirrors, the textiles, and the BAR! Just gorgeous. I tried both gin cocktail and the cheesy mushroom salad appetizer. Everything was fresh and tasty. 
We stayed a while to admired and discuss the decor. I'll be back to try more cocktails and the lobster bisque.Just had an amazing brunch at Louie Louie!  Could be one the best brunch meals I've ever had - so fresh and tasty! Previously been here for happy hour and loved the decor, ambiance and the extensive wine list. Highly recommend!We always have an absolutely wonderful dining experience at Louie Louie! Our server was lovely, and the food was delicious. It's a casual spot but you can dress up as well.Louie Louie is the perfect special occasion restaurant.  It was an ideal place to take my parents when they were in town visiting; it's a comfortable experience with great service, excellent food, and strong drinks.
The decor is really cool.  Would not recommend the bone marrow appetizer, though, unless you know what you're getting into, but that was my bad. I wanted to feel cool.Louie Louie is a great place in the area if you're looking for great brunch or lunch. I never had dinner there but from my experiences with their brunch and lunch it's pretty good! Im a huge foodie so that says a lot. They very rarely change their menu but they do have different specials of the day. Definitely worth trying outtl;dr a chic Parisian bistro with impressive decor, but the flavors are sadly lacking for the price point
Situated at the Inn at Penn, Louie Louie embarked on the bold journey to provide upscale food to the University of Pennsylvania. This location was previously occupied by Penne, which was in all respects the worst restaurant on Penn's campus for some time. Despite Louie Louie having been open for nearly a year, I only just recently had the chance to visit for a work-sponsored event.
Louie Loiue sports an unmistakably Art Deco interior, with lofty ceilings and a checkered marble floor. Our large party was seated in the semi-private Rosé Room. The bubblegum pink walls were decorated with tastefully tarnished mirrors and tile-work, beneath an enormous avant-garde chandelier. The marble tables were surrounded by vibrant yellow and coral upholstery that felt straight from the '70s. Service was warm, but perhaps a bit spotty -- I had to flag down a waiter a few times to refill my water.
We were offered a prix fixe menu, and I decided to get the Lamb Meatballs and the Trout Amandine. Just like the restaurant, the food was impeccably plated. But the taste itself left plenty to be desired. The meatballs were well-cooked and served beneath with a flavorful tomato sauce, but the polenta was bland and the olives felt like an afterthought. Meanwhile, the trout was served in an old-style pan with keen attention to detail, but the almond flavors never materialized beyond the smattering of sliced almond, and the green beans and tomatoes fell flat. Our meal was finished off by a trio of bite-sized cakes -- chocolate, red velvet, and cheesecake -- but none particularly stood out.
While nothing bad about the experience, I don't think that any of the dishes I had are worth the prices -- my total, if a la carte, was in the range of $50! If you're looking for a nice restaurant in the University City area, White Dog Cafe would have my vote over Louie Louie any day.I just love this restaurant and their happy hour is great! Very busy but the ambiance is so worth it. Their brunch is fabulous as wellNot really a good one!!! 
The food is not that good. 
I had brunch with my friend there.... the price is high, the food is kinda not fresh. 
Basically, you can skip it. 
Btw, the coffee is not good either. So ... period.This is my favorite happy hour spot!
The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because the service can be kind of spotty. I've been left with an empty water glass and dirty plates for a while waiting for someone to clear it off until I have to ask. 
The food and the prices are great though! I wouldn't come for dinner, but happy hour is a steal! Full three course meal with multiple rounds of drinks for two for under $60?! That's awesome! The food is GREAT too!!
I always get the burrata, which is more of a salad with burrata and bread on the side, but it's great. The cocktails are awesome as well. Absolutely 10/10 for drinks.
I would absolutely recommend, even though the service isn't amazing.I have been here many times and can confidently say that I really enjoy this restaurant. Their eggs Benedict is delicious.. not too salty and not to bland but just right. Their lamb stew also gave me a mind explosion because the flavors were so well anal fed, the lamb was so tender, and the veggies were well made too. The lamb bolognese I had here before also was made to perfection. Their burgers also look delicious. Lastly, I've tried their deconstructed apple pie with ice cream dessert and it was SO good. Overall I highly recommend this place as not only is the food worth raving about but the restaurant itself is the most beautiful one in the area and the waiters and waitresses are all extremely kind and give great recommendations!Loved the decor. Food was very mediocre. 
We had the 
Oyster Rockefeller 
Bacon wrapped dates
Escargot 
And the baratta
The only part we enjoyed was the bread basket. Honestly skip the rest. I appreciate a restaurant trying to put their spin on classics but it was just a fail all across the board. And pricey for small dishes.I love coming to Louie Louie for brunch! It's a great spot for any group-- from families to friends. The interior is brightly colored and upscale. The restaurant is attached to the inn at Penn and there's no barrier between the bar/waiting area and the hotel lobby, which was also updated to be more colorful when they opened. 
The wait staff are always super attentive and I've never had an issue with getting seated or service. Sometimes the kitchen can get a bit backed up and food can take a while to come out. But when it does, it's AMAZING. If you like sweet brunch definitely go for the cheesecake French toast. If you like savory, try the country breakfast. Their mock tails are also pretty good! 
They've made a few changes to their menu over the past few months (I loved their old avocado toast! I have yet to try the shrimp one) but either way everything is delicious. Definitely a great spot!Had brunch there and it was great! The restaurant itself is beautiful - really nice setting - and the food was delicious. Service was also great, from our server to the manager who checked in, too. Finally, we were doing an informal celebration for one of our friends who is expecting and they left us a nice congratulations note on the table. Will definitely be back to try dinner.We popped over for the bar first for a happy hour drink before sitting down to dinner.  The bartender took almost 10 minutes to serve us.  So we could only get one and cash out.  She was preparing drinks for people at tables but also choose to refill drinks of already drinking customers and take her time getting to the new patrons.   Happy hour drinks were very reasonable and the food was every bit worthy of the $$$ advertised on yelp. Wait staff was very friendly and prompt. No issues on a Monday night other than the slow bar.I had exceptional service from Brian B. yesterday!! I'm in NYC but my bestie was celebrating her birthday at Louie Louie, so I wanted to do something special for her. I called to send her some champagne and Brian was so helpful and made sure she had a big surprise. Thanks Brian and I can't wait to come to town to have another great experience.Was here on the Penn Campus for five days for an educational program and came here twice for a few reasons:
1) it was close by where I was staying
2) I needed strong drinks and this place has excellent cocktails
3) the bartender Preethi is amazing!  Seriously, if you go there, ask for her.  If she's not working, politely hand the menu back to the bartender on duty, then calmly turn to leave, but make sure you turn over a nearby table in a rage on the way out!
Seriously, you'd never know this was a hotel bar/restaurant.  The bar is great, the lounge area is super cool and it has a chic, fun feel without being too snobby about it.
Big fan...I'll be back when I'm back in Philadelphia!Great find in UC. Finally a good restaurant in this space. Trout delicious - will be back for the burger. Drinks excellent. YESDecor is outstanding.  Service - perfect!  My dining companions raved about the place.  I didn't feel the same way, though.  I felt that the portions were small.  I left hungry!  And it's expensive.  The bread was excellent.  For me, it's not worth the money.I wish I could rate 4.5 stars because we had a wonderful meal and the service was excellent. I reserve my 5 star reviews for the truly exceptional. Louie Louie was a surprise find for us - we were walking i the area and looking for a place for a late dinner. We were lucky to stumble across Louie Louie which is co-located with a hotel. We saw the very attractive bar from the outside and thought it was worth a try.
Our server was very friendly and professional and knew the menu well. We started with a cheese gnocchi special (it wasn't called gnocchi, but I can't remember it's specific name) with pesto sauce. I had the trout almondine and my husband had the french dip. Drinks were excellent and the food portions were generous. 
At some point during the evening the sound system broke which resulted in pops and hisses from the speakers. This didn't bother us much but the restaurant comped a round of drinks for us for the inconvenience. This was above and beyond what we expected.
There were several vegetarian choices as well as price points on the menu, making it a good choice for a family or a group of friends. Highly recommend.Been here a few times now and I absolutely love it. The 70s/French vintage theme is perfectly present throughout the restaurant and the menu! The food is beyond delicious. I had the Louie burger and it was so flavorful my mouth exploded with excitement. Will definitely be going back soon!Went there for a business lunch and it was really good.   It was not too noisy, and the food was excellent.  I especially enjoyed the squash soup and a gyros lunch special; my friend had a delicious three egg omelet. The prices were reasonable and the only down side was her french fries, which were a little dry.  On the other hand the bread for the table was fresh and warm, so the fries were barely necessary.Went to check out this swanky restaurant with friends visiting Penn. It was just okay. The interior is very Parisian cafe, however service and food was adequate for the price. The food felt extremely dense and oily, and it took a long time to get our order/food/check despite the place being semi full. There are many tested and true places for food in university city so would probably not go backDelicious mussels and drinks, classy ambiance with good music taste -- the demographic is largely college students with the purchasing power or a bunch of businessmen/professors. A little pricey given the quantity but I'd definitely return.Everything about this place lives up to the hype! Such a cute place with so many special and thoughtful details in the decor. The menu has a sort of health conscious touch to it, but it's still so lush and tasty! Great service too. Only wish the drinks were a liiitle stronger! Otherwise, a definite recommend.Setting: 
Louie Louie is located in the heart of the University City section of Philadelphia. adorning the sidewalk with beautiful accent furniture and vibrant signage. This cozy European bistro is serving much flair that screams time for champagne and selfies. Its such an Instagram worthy restaurant which I love. The bold colors and furniture captivates you just as much as the cocktails,
Staff:
The staff was amazing. My waitress Jasmine was freaking awesome. Very knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful when it comes to making a decision which is a super plus for me. Every item I decided to pick was based from her suggestions and I was very satisfied. I wanted to take pictures with pretty drinks and she recommended the perfect drink to pop with my instagram photos lol. Another plus I enjoyed was the portion size, everything was very fulfilling and I was throughly satisfied for the day. I would encourage ordering a few items to share so you can enjoy a full dining experience.
Food: 
Louie Louie is the perfect spot for an amazing Girls Day Out Brunch or dining experience. I can't wit to go back for Happy Hour and dinner.
I ordered the deviled eggs which were very light and creamy, the Banana Foster Waffle which was very sweet and savory, you dont have to add much syrup at all, The Cocktail Shrimp were amazing, served on a chilled bowl of ice and super flavorful. I loved the fact that the shrimp were pre seasoned which were easy to enjoy without dipping in cocktail sauce for every bite. 
Cocktails:
Definitely order the Sally Bellini a very fruity a light cocktail. The non alcoholic menu is delicious too!Great brunch place! 
My friends and I came here for a birthday brunch and the service was great And the food was good too! 
The interior decor there is beautiful! All the tables and seats were so pretty! I would definitely recommend this place and their monkey bread!The new place at the bottom of the Inn at Penn. Cozy vibes, traditional decor and fireplaces. 
They have HH 4-7pm Monday through Friday. My favorites - lamb meatballs, Arancini, phyllo purse (all great value). The bruschetta was average as was the burrata. 
Drinks wise - they only had 2 of the 4 listed on the menu (not sure why). Our waitress recommended the cucumber Rockaway drink but the mule was definitely better (and stronger) and the unanimous pick of the group. 
For birthdays, they do a free scoop of icecream with a candle!Not a big fan of Louie Louie. It's a very pretty restaurant, but way too loud. Sounds almost like eating in a cave. Food was over priced and not exceptional.So good and classy. Great place for brunch!! The outside sitting area is really nice and the food is amazing. Wish I had pictures to shareVery very convenient if you're staying at the Inn at Penn. Nice old style bar. Ok drinks.The new place at the bottom of the Inn at Penn. Cozy vibes, traditional decor and fireplaces. 
They have HH 4-7pm Monday through Friday. My favorites - lamb meatballs, Arancini, phyllo purse (all great value). The bruschetta was average as was the burrata. 
Drinks wise - they only had 2 of the 4 listed on the menu (not sure why). Our waitress recommended the cucumber Rockaway drink but the mule was definitely better (and stronger) and was the unanimous pick of the group. 
For birthdays, they do a free scoop of icecream with a candle!They had a 3 course meal for restaurant week but ran out of the lobster bisque (at 7 pm) and wouldn't allow a substitution for French Onion even though it was less expensive.
Ran out of crab legs (also by 7 pm)
Waitress and chef made no accommodations for not being able to provide the food on the menu that they mysteriously were out of by 7 pm, but not surprisingly, never mentioned it until after we were seated and ordered drinks.
Will never return.A go-to place for traditional cuisine with a modern twist. The menu was tempting and the rates were reasonable. The room is very nice, the service was great, and the food was outstanding. This is easily my go to restaurant in the city for some good food. Definitely worth a try!Very lovely decor and atmosphere.  The food could not be any more ordinary or unimpressive.  Given the prices and value, i will not be going back anytime soon.  The hamburger was no better than what I get at my local pub but twice the price.  Pasta special was also so ordinary it was ridiculous.  Cheese platter was tiny for $18.   No one in our party of 8 was even close to impressed.
Service was mediocre at best as we had to wave down our server a few times.
Place was very slow for a Sunday evening.
Very disappointing for a fairly new addition to Philadelphia restaurant scene.  So many better choices than this.What a gem! We loved our dinner here during UPenn Family Weekend! For apps, we ordered the dates and Spanish octopus and they were phenomenal! Our entrees were superb as well! Try the lobster bisque, Prosciutto Wrapped chicken and a Mushroom salad. Every dish was savory and absolutely perfectly seasoned! Dessert was fantastic! Try the chocolate cake- it's rich, and a generous serving! 
The service was perfect! Managers would constantly check up on us. Our server, Jasmine, was friendly and attentive. Runners smiled at all times, making this experience quite memorable. 
We will definitely come back! From decor, ambience and service, this rates as one of our Philly favoritesReally cute ambiance - Instagram worthy, but the food is just meh.Disappointing experience from the start.
We were a 6 top and were sat at a nice half booth. The AC was high above us and was dripping down on to our table so we had to spread apart so it wouldn't hit us.  It was so loud in the restaurant I could barely hear what my family was saying and missed out on conversation. When we said something to our waitress she said they are aware of the issue. Why would they seat people there then? For the overpriced food you'd think they'd be more professional. 
I ordered the burger and asked for it to be medium cooked. I was served practically raw meat with a thin outside layer somehow cooked. It was just mush inside. I asked the waitress about if the truffle in the fries was strong and she said no it was the salt that was truffled so it was not strong. It was so strong I couldn't eat them without soaking them in sauce and even then I decided to share with the table because I couldn't handle the taste. My family also agreed they were very strong. There was a joke going that the waitress had it against me and put in for a rare burger and extra truffle oil on the fries.
The time between the apps and entrees coming out was good, until dessert. We were wondering what was taking so long and they served it to us half melted. 
Two stars because besides the burger order the food was good.This is a beautiful, new restaurant next to the Inn at Penn. I was staying at the hotel and this looked fabulous. It was great. 
Service was wonderful. Had an excellent fromage plate and the salmon. Both prepared perfectly. 
Excellent bread, an Epi with just the right chew and very good butter. 
I didn't dare have dessert. This is a great place for an evening date, lunch or whenever. Lovely atmosphere too. Feels like a bistro de Paris.I went to Louie Louie for University City's Dining Days. Most of the food was good and what you expect from a restaurant like this. The service was so-so and mostly the reason why we didn't give them 4 stars. They brought our main course out before or appetizers and brought our dessert without bringing silverware. We had to go find someone to help us before they realized we couldn't eat our food. They removed a round of drinks on our tab and that was nice. I also felt for all the investment in the design and ambiance, the vibe was too contrived.Solid place in ucity. Their decor is next level and is really nice. Their bar is beautiful, and there are huge mirrors in the back of the restaurant. We sat at a small table for 3 people in the corner, but it was cozy. It was hard to fit all of our food on it, however. The shrimp avocado toast was a great light app to start with, and their French onion soup was very good. They have a variety of interesting cocktail options, as well as mocktails.
The service was good - standard, but the food came out way too quickly. We didn't finish our apps by the time our entrees came, which is probably why we couldn't fit everything on the table! It was extremely loud during certain times in our quick, hour-long meal.Looks like Parc might finally have some competition. Located at a great spot with plenty of metered parking all around the restaurant. Upon entering, I am greeted with very friendly warm service. After discovering this place, I've been back 5 times within the span of two weeks. Just can't get enough. I get addicted to certain food items then eventually I'll burn myself out. Finally tried their lobster bisque the other day during a rainy night and it was great. I've had the shrimp and lobster salad and it's amazing with a generous portion of fresh avocado on top. Still thinking about that as we speak. I wish the bread was warmed up before coming to the table because it's a bit tough for my teeth. Don't need a filling falling out. I've tried their duck breast, roasted chicken and lamb so far. Three terrific dishes. The ambience has a French feel but with a modern vibe to it. The lounge area looks really nice. A great new addition to Philly! Welcome to the neighborhoodMy friend from out of town actually found this place... Which is kind of embarrassing because I live literally a few blocks away from the restaurant. Embarrassment aside, I was very glad he suggested it because it was a great place. The food was delicious and ambience was classy and upscale yet hip and modern. The service was excellent as well. I can't wait to try its happy hour. Definitely coming back.This place is really beautiful. The colors are warm, the couches are plush and over stuffed, there are beautiful light fixtures, a sleek bar and crackling fireplaces. I arrived for happy hour at about 5 and the lounge section was already filled up. However, a kind gentleman that was stalking out seats as well, informed me that it was parents weekend at Penn so I think that was quite a few of the crowd... but their happy hour is wonderful so this is a popular spot. I settled in with a Folsom Prison Blackberry Brews...Jim beam bourbon, tamworth blue lion, blackberries, agave, and cold brew coffee. It was perfect. So well balanced with the bourbon and coffee. I ordered the lamb meatballs on a bed of the creamiest, yummy polenta. By this time, my girlfriends had arrived and the drinks and the food began to flow. The service was great, the couch was comfy and the fireplace on a chilly autumn night was perfect. We ended the evening with beautiful desserts (I had the creme brûlée and it was so good!) This will definitely be my new "go to" happy hour spot. Especially if I can get there on the early side on a Friday night.Went there yesterday for lunch with friends and I don't think they where at their best !
We came late around 230 and ordered pretty fast we didn't know that they where closing kitchen at 3 
I asked for the Caesar salad with chicken and the server said that they where out of chicken . that's fine but just mention it before or after mentioning the specials !
Then the lobster roll!
No more lobster 
Where is the communication between kitchen and FOH?
No manager or GM came to table and check with us 
Have you ever seen a what they call croque Monsieur looking like this?
Another little thing 
Candles on table for lunch?
The server was nice 
And the place have potentialA few weeks ago, my friend and I went to brunch at Louie Louie, a relatively new spot on Penn's campus. The interior is spacious 
with a modern cute French vibe and an impressive circular bar. We ordered the croque madame and a croissant sandwich.  The brunch was heavy and on the pricier side, but you get a lot of food and it's tasty and filling. Same owners as white dog, I think the food is better at Louie Louie but a lesser version of Parc. The drink menu looked promising so I'd probably go back for happy hour for something to share.I checked into Inn at Penn on a cold night and decided to eat at the attached restaurant, Louie Louie. The deco was nice and I was promptly seated. Surrounded by a happy, mostly young crowd, I looked forward to a nice dinner after a long flight. 
Then came my server, who asked me whether I wanted anything other than water. Having to get up early and deliver a lecture the next day, I said that water would be just great. Thank you very much. After a while, he came back and asked me "what do you want?" I was a little taken aback, as usually a restaurant such like this one would have daily specials and usually the waiting staff would volunteer such information. Not my waiter. So I asked. No problem. People forget. 
I then ordered a salad and an entree. While waiting for my food, I looked around and noticed that tables around me all had bread baskets. But my bread never showed up. A little strange, but maybe they only gave bread to tables with more than 1 diner. Plus, do I really need extra carb in my diet? 
Anyway, my salad came. Fresh and, given that I hadn't eaten for 8 hours, quite yummy. My entree was adequate, although the truffle fries were a bit limp, possibly having sit around for a while before getting to my table. 
While I was having my food, tables on my left and on my right were occupied by two other lone diners. I couldn't help but notice that they were treated differently. The lady got the full download on the daily special and, surprise surprise, a bread roll was promptly delivered to her table.
Whereas the waiter never checked in at my table to see whether I need anything, he generally gave great attention to all my neighbors. Having finished my dinner, I sat back and waited. For what? Not for my bread. That ship had sailed long ago. But maybe a dessert manual if my server considered me worthy? Alas, even though he kept coming to the neighboring tables, he managed to completely ignore my attempts of making eye contacts. Finally I admitted defeat, and got his attention by saying "excuse me" while he passed by my table after providing attentive service to my neighbors. 
Now ordinarily I always tip 20% for dinner, for I know how important tips are for the serving staff. But in this case, I tried but couldn't bring myself to do that. And 10% was the best that I could muster. Since I am the type of people who habitually blame themselves, I tried to think what I might have done to deserve such inadequate service, but drew a blank. The only difference that I could tell between me and my neighbors was that I was Asian and they (and the server) were Caucasian. I hope that was not why I got substandard service. But in this day and age, would one really be surprised by an Asian (or other ethnic minorities) being treated differently?BAD AÇAÍ BOWL: I like the restaurant usually, but I did not like my experience with the açaí bowl. It was literally like a millimeter or açaí and was I completely still hungry. Luckily my friends are skinny, so I got to have the bread of their sandwiches. It was unacceptable for an entre. DisappointedCame here with friends on a Thursday night and it wasn't terribly crowded. The decor and ambiance was really fun. The whole group ordered a round of white cosmos, as our waitress recommended and we all enjoyed it- especially the little rose color/shaped ice cube which came floating on the top. Very cute! We ordered a cheese plate and goat cheese arancini. My only complaint was the arancini only came with 3. I wish we were told this in advance. However, with two appetizers, the five of us had plenty of food to start. The entrees were really good. Some of the group ordered duck and had great things to say about it. Other entrees were the short rib and the scallops- all equally delicious. Portion sizes were average. However we all had room for desert. So we ordered two of those. The sundae was amazing and had every element you might crave (ice cream, brownie, chocolate covered pretzel). The hummingbird cake was also great and tasted a lot like carrot cake (I had no idea what to expect so I can't say this is good or not- I just really liked its carrot cake vibe). It was a birthday dinner so we did expect maybe one freebie on the deserts but no. The bill was also pretty pricey for the quantity of food. Regardless, I would go back again. If nothing else but for the arancini and that sundae.Elegant setting, wonderful service and the food is excellent. Wonderful place to have a meal while visiting my daughter at PennI came here on a Sunday at around 1 after we made a reservation that morning. The staff was all attentive and the service was fantastic so props for that.
As a whole, the food was all tasty, although the portions were a bit small for a hungry boy and it was a bit pricey. The strawberry cheesecake toast was a delightful contrast of crunchy and creamy with a subtle tinge of strawberry and whipped cream. The breakfast potatoes are also well made. I also tried the bananas foster waffle which was splendid and really encapsulated the full potential of bananas foster in a brunchy way. The quiche was eh- 2/3 of the plate was salad and the quiche itself wasn't stellar. 
Overall, good time in a cute upscale environment. I recommend the sweet over the savory brunch dishes as those were better. Also free ice cream on your birthday!Ordered lobster bisque for pick up and it didn't have any lobster in it, yet was same price as if I had ordered in restaurant where it does have lobster in it.The interior of this place is super fancy  - you definitely feel great dining here. Came here for a birthday brunch for a friend and the service was pretty good and the atmosphere was nice. Their brunch menu was a little pricey, and I would say to stick with the sweet things (the Bananas Foster Waffle I git was really good!), over the more bland savory brunch options.We went for happy hour and it was a bust.  I did not like the food.The service was poor during happy hour and we were waiting 45 till we can order.Table service was great. The food was all delicious. The c shaped seating is only for parties of 5 or more people which is not ideal since the other seating is not as comfortable. Sit down areas by the bar are very cold due to the door constantly being opened by customers. Our check was brought out to us before we were done with our cocktails which were still full so we felt rushed there. We moved to the lounge area on the other side of the bar and the sofas were very comfortable but the rug was completely loose under our feet and with the furniture being cramped we couldn't get a stable footing and kept tripping on the rug. There was no service on the lounge area, therefore I carried all the drinks and had to take multiple trips. The bar at times was busy and others it slowed down but either times I kept being overlooked. I appreciated when I was acknowledged and told they would be with me in a few minutes but then someone else came up to the bar and they were helped before I was. The two bartenders' drinks were also not very consistent. The female gave strong cocktails and the male gave more well blended drinks that was more appealing to me. Street parking was not too bad. I planned on doing valet parking (Fourty-five dollars for valet) on the other side of the building which you could then walk into the hotel and walk through the lobby and go down some steps to into the restaurant. The restroom also wasn't very clean. They were out of paper towels which I would not expect. What I didn't like at all is people putting their feet up on the furniture.Reviewing for happy hour and brunch. 
It's true- this is a very instagrammable spot. The best way I can describe the decor is Art Deco/Modern. They have a room you can rent for events like a bridal/baby shower- and it's already halfway decorated!
As far as food, can't go wrong with the Louie burger and lamb meatballs for happy hour, and the good old waffles for brunch. The happy hour was well priced with $5 cocktails and $9 for the medium plates- perfect size to share. A little disappointed with the mussels since half didn't open, and the server didn't seem to care when we brought that up. Happy hour can get crowded though so come early to get a seat at the lounge areas. The happy hour menu changes often (I think monthly) so there's always a reason to come back and try new cocktails.So story continues.... trip to Philly for Drexel Parents weekend and as an ex-chef and Finder of all food that's good, the task fell to me again to hook the team up with exceptional eats. Sunday turned out to be rainy and damp, I booked LouieLouie a week in advance after a quick trip through the online menu. 
Food was out of this world good French style cuisine, we had Bacon wrapped dates, warm Monkey bread and many other great things. Eggs Benedict were perfectly dry and fluffy and runny! 
Chris S was our waiter and he was a super cool dude! Go....."eat..pray...love" all at Louie Louie!I came to Louie Louie with a group of 13. Pro: they accept brunch reservations. Con: if your group is 12 or larger, they require you to order off of a prix fixe menu for $35 a person. 
The prix fixe menu consisted of three courses and included coffee. We had the option of adding bottomless drinks for $16. Drink options included mimosas, screwdrivers, bloody marys, white sangria, red sangria, and greyhounds. I didn't order the bottomless drinks, but others with me did. The drinks looks fabulous and everyone who had them loved them. The waitresses were pretty good about refilling the drinks too. You can switch up drinks between refills so there's an opportunity to try them all! 
For my first course, I had the monkey bread, which was sweeter than I was expecting, but still really good! For my second course, I ordered the Wild Mushroom Omelette, which was amazing!! I typically don't care for omeletees, but I just had to try this one. I would definitely recommend getting it if you like mushrooms. You will not be disappointed! For our third course, they brought is a trio of mini desserts. There was carrot cake, tiramisu, and a third chocolate dessert that we weren't sure what exactly it was. They were all good, but the carrot cake was by far my favorite (and I don't typically love carrot cake)! 
Overall, I enjoyed Louie Louie. If I had come with a smaller group, I definitely wouldn't have ordered the first course or dessert. I do want to come back with a smaller group and do a normal brunch with their bottomless offering! I had put off coming here for a while because nothing on the menu impressed me and for the price I figured I could try one of the many other brunch places in Philly. After trying Louie Louie and knowing the quality of the food and the offerings, I will be back!Love the art deco atmosphere & class here!! Old world sophistication at it's finest. Booths are super cozy & great for groups or romantic evening. Have been several times & never disappointed with the food or service. Sometimes I think the food is 5stars ; but, whatever the case, you won't be disappointed with there master cocktails, approachable wine list & fresh, fine foods!What a great find in University City! Situated right next to UPenn campus, the restaurant offers very open and spacious layout, charming atmosphere, great decor and a menu to please any palate. Everything about our experience was great . Greeting hostess was very friendly, service (Shannon) was fantastic, food- delicious ! If I could give it more than 5 stars I would !! Highly recommend it for casual brunch/lunch/dinner or a special occasion (they have a private area for larger groups).This place is the actual best; it's outside the hustle and bustle of the city. It's not cramped like center city and has a nice quiet vibe. We had Sarah as our server and she was unforgettable. I'd go back just to have her again! The escargot is all the yummyness without the work. Amazing place* 3.75 stars I'd say* I went here for brunch last weekend. The outdoor dining space is so spacious and very chic. I was definitely excited to try it out. The drinks were really delicious and just the perfect balance of alcohol and mixers to mask it. I always say brunch is the perfect excuse to day drink and they are serving up the perfect cocktails to do so with. They do not have an official brunch menu which is pretty disappointing. Thankfully I came around 12:30 so I was fine with lunch options. We shared the mushroom ravioli to start and it was pretty good. I would've been much happier with a more flavorful and distinct filling as the sauce kinda stole the spotlight. For my entree I got the lobster roll with truffle fries. Fries were good, lobster roll was meh. Very small, nothing notable about it which is unfortunate because I love lobster rolls and always make it my business to order one when it is one the menu. Devons Seafood grill btw has a great lobster roll. My bff ordered the omelette which was basic. The mocha creme brûlée however was delightful and definitely is where the .75 of a star came from. It was nice to go and cross it off my bucket list, but I do not however plan on making reservations to go back.Management and service could be better; booked a large party and a lot was unorganized.The service was good. The place was convenient. Nothing exciting.
My son had a O.K hamburger I had the salad nicoise was ok.
If you're a parent looking to feed your Penn or Drexel student this is more than adequate.Meh. We were visiting Philadelphia, usually rely on Yelp for recommendations. This place was rated so highly, there were a bunch of things on the menu  that appealed to everyone in our party. We made a reservation, were seated promptly. Our server came right over to greet us and get us water, but then spent about 15 minutes taking care of her other parties, seated all around us, before taking our order. We even asked another server if she could send our server over, caught our own server's eye and indicated we needed some help, all with no luck. Finally, the order is taken and bread is brought, it's ok, nothing special (including GF rolls which were pretty awful). Food arrives, the tuna tartare was probably the standout. Truffle fries has no appreciable truffle at all, though they were crispy and hit at least. Fried cauliflower pretty good, but unless you scooped it up with the mayonnaise sauce, it had no flavor either.  Pigs in blankets were huge and pretty good but not amazing. Lamb meatballs solid, no thrills there either. Trout entree slightly over-cooked, very oily - couldn't understand why there was so much oil around the fish. The accompanying escarole was very tasty and the raisins and pine nuts were good, but sparse and certainly NOT in the form of a pesto, which would suggest that they were crushed to a paste, and would actually would have been a tastier and more effective application. The fried short rib entree was good but again, no one was crazy about the flavors.
Nothing here was awful or offensive, but nothing was worthy of exclamation or coming back for. Price point too high for mediocre food!Ok...Louie Louie!  Great first impression for sure!
I made reservations for a girls get together and I arrived early to make sure we got prime seating and check out the overall vibe of the place!  I ordered a drink @ the bar and it wasn't off the happy hour menu so that was a bit pricey ($15) for a vodka gimlet!  Stick to the Happy Hour Menu..it will be be kinder to your pockets...lol 
Great vibes all around...Staff were super friendly and helpful about the menu and assisted with recommendations!  When my party arrived, they were pleased with the decor and energy of the restaurant!  
We all places starter orders from: oysters (sorry..no pic..sucked those down real quick..lol) and ratatouille which were both flavorful!  Our main dishes: Calamari and Salmon were on-point!  
Overall, Louie Louie was a success and this may be my new Happy Hour Spot in University City!I came here with a friend of mine for Happy Hour and wow, they're happy hour menu was absolutely amazing with lots of various options ranging from $7 mussels, $7 escargot, $8 burgers, $10 cheese boards, etc! You won't be disappointed with the variety that's for sure. My only was that the food was a little on the blander side and needed a bit more salt/flavor. Also, I don't know if it was just a weird day, but there were a lot of flies around our table  - maybe because we ordered escargot?I cannot believe I haven't written a review for this place yet, since it's one of my favorite restaurants in University City. First of all, lets talk about BRUNCH. Bottom.less.mimosas. Yes, it's worth it and it's awesome. The first time we came to brunch, our waitress was so attentive and we got so many refills, we were also told we could stay after we paid just to hang out and finish our drinks, which made us feel not rushed.  Definitely order the monkey bread as an app, it's incredible. The second time we came for brunch, the waiter was overwhelmed and not very attentive. I came for dinner with 5 people, and we were welcomed back by the owner(??) and had an amazing time. Our waiter, I cannot say enough good things about, Chris C? (C4) was probably the best  server I've ever had, and that's not exaggerating, he picked out great wines, and scotches for our table and had a great sense of humor. I would go back literally just for him. I ordered the pierogies and the soup du jour which was a potato cheddar soup. It was a little salty but tasty. The deviled eggs and dates wrapped in bacon are a 100% go to item, so delicious and I don't even like deviled eggs. Go, have fun, and enjoy the people and decor. Also the bar is adorable and that's where you can find me.The cocktails and the mussels were soooo good! The best part of the place was the ambience, the decor, and the service by the employees!I ate by myself as a tourist. I got the burger, which was grand and incredibly juicy and cooked to order. Service was quick, had no issues with getting my food or bill in a timely manner. I went on a Sunday morning around 11am. The decor is definitely one to behold - the lights, the tiles, the furniture. The entrance is colorful in a tasteful way.I visited here actually mistaking it for another French restaurant I had previously eaten at. It was avvverage. The setting is beautiful and our waitresses was lovely - the food lacked flavor and did nothing more for us than fill our bellies. I should have taken note that it was brunch time on a Saturday and it was near empty.Came by for lunch the other day with my husband, and had the duck burger and the venison bolognese. The duck burger was a duck confit sandwiched by soft brioche buns, with some kind of sweet jam spreaded on the bottom bun. Personally I did not like the jam spread in the burger because I don't like anything sweet in my burgers. The burger also came with truffle fries and smelled amazing but the truffle oil could barely be tasted in the fries. We both thought the venison bolognese was delicious and the sauce beautifully made. We will definitely be back to try their dinner menu in the near future.tl;dr a great photo-op for the millennial. Good food with sub-par service for the rest of us. 
Louie Louie is unmistakably chic. Plush pink sofa's, towering ceilings, and great textures are all brought together by a gorgeous u-shaped bar. The restaurant claims to be a "French inspired American Bistro", with "a timelessness of a grand European café". Louie Louie is a far-cry from a grand European café, but is absolutely eye-catching nonetheless. It's hard not to feel welcome in the 70's, Gatsby-esque, Art Deco design.
The cocktails were bold, the Hudson Valley Duck breast was cooked to perfection, and the Dayboat Scallops melted in my mouth. If this review was based on food and aesthetic alone, Louie Louie would have easily scored 5 stars. 
As great as the food was, the service paled in comparison. Our waiter, while very knowledgeable on the menu, brought two-single Oysters to the table instead of six, and completely forgot to bring our second round of drinks. Her visits to the table were so infrequent that I had to ask other servers for assistance, and finally walked inside to settle my bill. Not the service you'd expect at this price point. The state of the washroom was inexcusable. 
It's safe to say that if you're interested in photo-ops for instagram - Louie Louie is a safe bet. If, like me, you're looking for a memorable dining experience with exceptional service - I'd skip.I did not plan on dining at Louie Louie's however  since it was directly across the street from the Theater we were attending that night why not? Looked invitingfrom the outside and once we got inside it was bustling with a crowd that looked like they were just having a grand old time. We were seated immediately and were able to take in the view of the large dining area from where we were seated and even got to look out the window at the diners sitting outside on a chilly night.
A friendly greeting from our from our server as he informed us of the daily specials. The octopus immediately grabbed my attention so I went for it and then ordered a pork chop entrée that was absolutely fantastic. I was thoroughly impressed with the grilled octopus Appetizer that came with fingerling potatoes,
Both taste fully seasoned with a very thin light vinaigrette. My guess had a burger that she raved about throughout the meal along with Parmesan potatoes they're also were excellent, no room or time for dessert but I caught a glimpse of a few that looked great as they passed me by. 
I will definitely return to Louie Louie's it was a nice find on a chilly night.A great HH deal for Philly - $5 for beer, wine, and specialty cocktails! The cocktails are definitely the most bang for your buck, and they do offer some unique ones. I opted for the "Pear Necessities," which featured sweet tea vodka, limoncello, pear, maple, and iced team. I'm usually not a cocktail gal, but this was tasty! And for $5, really can't beat it. However, our service was pretty poor - it took over 30 min for someone to take our order, and then about 30 min to have someone bring our check. The bartender also didn't come around to check in at all and/or ask if we wanted seconds. And when they did bring the check, they had very little idea of what we actually ordered, which was mildly disheartening. While my friend and I had a lot to catch up on, more attention may have been nice. Outside of that, the space is so cool - so 1920s-esque inside, and you definitely feel like you're in a speakeasy! The HH deals are at the bar and lounge area only, so make sure to get there early and snag a seat. We arrived ~5PM, and luckily could snag 2 spots at the bar, but seating was definitely a premium, especially as the night went on. Overall, Louie Louie was a great choice for happy hour. The interior decorations give a bit of an escape, and the drink deals are great. Would love to try some food next time too! Also hope that next time service is a bit better, but I would certainly visit again for HH.My experience here was the worst customer service I've ever received in the hospitality industry. I came here for a birthday brunch. The servers bumped into each other and spilled chipotle mayonnaise all over me and my friend sitting next to me. The mayonnaise was all over the side of my face, in my hair and eyelashes. It also got on my 2 piece pants set. My friend had mayonnaise all over her shirt and skirt. We tried cleaning it with water but the oil stain wouldn't come out. It was so bad that her clothes were drenched in water and she had to take off her shirt and raise her skirt and wear it like a dress. Gabby, the manager came over and explained that this happens to them all the time and it would come out of our clothes in a very condescending tone. We explained that they would need to take care of our dry cleaning bill in which they agreed at the very minimum. She then proceeded to try and give us a $25 gift card. Are we supposed to share this? We explained that we both don't live in that state and we were visiting. She then got an attitude and said "well we are trying to do something nice for you." Really? You think giving 2 women 1 gift card for $25 to a restaurant that just spilled mayonnaise all over them in a state they don't live in is something nice? We were outraged. Finally got to speak to another manager and tell him what happened. Meanwhile, my glass of mimosa is still empty. You would think after this happened they would fill our glasses or distract us with more drinks. No! I had to ask him for some champagne. The manager then proceeded to tell us his hands were tied and he would have to talk to the GM to see what they can do for us. After going back and forth with them for about an hour, we were told the GM was at the bank (on a Sunday) and couldn't speak to us. They decided 10% off a $700 bill was more than generous. Along with giving more gift cards to a restaurant none of us will ever return to. Mistakes happen, however the management at this restaurant is THE WORST. The food was average at best. Will not ever return even if the food was free.My husband and I came here during our first wedding anniversary (we got married right upstairs at the Inn at Penn!) so we thought it would be a nice place to celebrate. We were excited to take advantage of UCity Dining Days! I had the French dip sandwich which was so delish with the truffle mayo and fries. The cocktails were also great and our server (Tai?) was superb.  The decor is also so lush. Can't wait to come back for another special occasion!Louie Louie is a fun, slightly-upscale-but-still-accessible French bistro right next to the Penn campus. We came here for a work lunch and enjoyed the fare and the ambiance in the sidewalk outdoor seats. I had the croque monsieur sandwich which was delicious. Overall a fine option for a refined yet casual meal.Had dinner here with my friends. It's a great spot, looks like a premium restaurant but the food was below par. Two of us ended up getting sick and vomiting after. I probably won't ever go again and I live a couple blocks away.Love this place for their rotating drink menu and bacon wrapped dates! There is generally one or two other solid food items on the menu depending on the time of year!  They have a great happy hour but seriously get the datesThe food was extremely good and it's one of my favorite restaurants to go to in Philly.  This visit the service was a 2 stars.  The server took our order and never stop back besides to give the check. Never offered refills on water, ask how the food was or asked if we wanted dessert. She came with check and we ask for the dessert menu.  When she brought us the second check, she never said thank you or have good day.  She acted like it was bother to check-up on us.We stopped in for a quick lunch during the week. Plenty of outdoor seating. Big open bar area. It was slow when we came.
We both had salads and an appetizer. Portions were small. Price was expensive. 
Seems like a good place to get drinks once the Covid crisis is done.We had a reservation at 8pm. Unfortunately when our party arrived few mins late, we have discovered that kitchen has been already closed. The question is why take reservations for dinner at the same time your kitchen closes? Completely wasted our time. This is very unprofessional and not very well thought out approach. I hope the owners read this and realize that they lose immediate and repeat business treating customers this way.My daughter and I went in not knowing this is more of a fine dining place than a cafe  but we were pleased with the ambience, the service, the food and the overall experience. A professionally run place. Expect to spend $30 a person for lunch but worth the splurge.My dad had just arrived at the Philly airport after a full day today of travel. I searched Yelp and found Louie Louie. One of the best meals I've had all year. We kicked off the meal with wine and the cheese board which was savory and beautifully presented. For mains. my dad had the impeccable, juicy scrumptious steak and I had the melt-in-your-mouth short rib special. Would have had dessert but was so nicely full and satisfied that I'll have to go back! Our hostess, Robyn, also found me a phone charger and added a delightful cheerful mood to our experience. Highly recommended!Dined a few months ago and still remembered the excellent service from Erica and the help from host staff. She was so lovely! Beautiful restaurant.Waited one hour for my food. Complained and they still did not expedite my food they essentially did not put order in for the meal after the appetizer was served. I had to escalate to manager to get the food. Food tastes fine. Service is out of proportion poor to the decor and style of food. I don't know how they can do this.The beyond burger was beyond believable flavor. I also had the mint mule which also was delightful.Don't get me wrong, I was a loyal supporter of Louie Louie and their food/service have always satisfied me. But I went today for Sunday brunch, and I had a fly in my water, my friend had a long piece of hair in her hangover sammie, and my benedict egg was also not runny :( 
I get that it was busy, but I was left disappointed...The only good I thing I could say was the decor was really nice. I got the salmon, louie burger, oysters, truffle fries and calamari(which I didn't even get). Average food. Service very lacking... They forgot our appetizer order and the waiter never checked on us until we flagged her down to tell her we didn't get any apps.. very disappointingWe went for dinner for my sister's birthday. It was a beautiful place. We had the grand plateau which was really good. I ordered onion soup gratinee. I love the cheese on it! Very yummy! I ordered the Louie burger which was okay! I love the truffle pommes frites though! Really delicious! Service was great.Visited Louie Louie last night for my birthday and things could not have been better. Candace was our server and she did an impeccable job. She was friendly, knowledgeable and had great recommendations. The food was better than I could have imagined. Every plate better than the next. In addition to that, I felt very safe considering COVID, the restaurant was very clean. All the staff properly attired in what CDC and local guidelines as. Cannot wait to return.My family and I came here for Father's Day and were very impressed with the quality of the food! The front desk wasn't very prompt in seating us (this is the second time this has happened here) but the great food makes up for it. The burger is truly one of the best in the city and I highly recommend the Brioche bread! The drinks are moderately priced as well.This was one of my favorite restaurants of recent memory. The decorations are similar to parc, with a post modern esthetic. They claim to be an American restaurant that was French inspired. 
Started off with an interesting tequila drink called "Time will change me" that had a purple slush that slowly melted into the clear drink. It was very lightly sweetened in the best way. The next drink I ordered was the "two jethros..." which had an egg white and  pineapple and was surprisingly delicious. 
Four of us split the escargot which was very tasty. It was combined with mushrooms, hazelnuts and ham. I got the trout entree which was very healthy and light. The balsamic reduction and roasted tomatoes made accentuated the beans and trout tastes. 
Overall I'd love to go back here and just get drinks like every week and once and awhile get food (due to the cost). A definite must visit!I went here for a friends birthday. The food was good, waiter was nice. I'm giving them 3 stars because the waiter overcharged my credit card. He swiped my card twice. Once I contacted management, they took no responsibility for the waiter over charging me. I called multiple times asking for a refund, unfortunately I was never refunded.A group of my 5 friends came here for dinner and it was a great time. Ambiance was amazing- the inside was gorgeous and outside was also very nice! My friends and I ordered oysters, and they were fresh and the mignonette sauce for them was one of my favorites of all time. My friends all loved their food as well, although my friend noted that her dish of mussels seemed a little inconsistent- she some of them tasted not as fresh as others. But generally the crowd favorite  were the fries!LOVE this place! It's my favorite place to go for happy hour as their cocktails are delicious and their food is as well. A nice ambiance and VERY cute spot to catch up with your friends or grab a bite after workNot really a good one!!! 
The food is not that good. 
I had brunch with my friend there.... the price is high, the food is kinda not fresh. 
Basically, you can skip it. 
Btw, the coffee is not good either. So ...Soooo what took me so long to check this place out? Well, it was the bad reviews they had when they first opened. But one day my job had a meeting at The Inn at Penn and we walked through the lounge area and I noticed just how niiiice Louie Louie looked! So I checked out the reviews again and it looked like they improved so I jumped on the chance to check them out for Happy Hour. Their Happy Hour specials are good, I enjoyed my food/loved the cocktails, and the décor just makes you want to stay, relax, and continue to spend money lol. I am already looking forward for my next visit there for another Happy Hour!LOVED the decor! Stopped in here pretty late on a Wednesday evening for a drink and a snack. The service was meh.. seemed to be annoyed about something. The hostess was delightful though. The capers in the tuna tartare were very very overpowering and the prosecco was meh as well. I'll give them another try during happy hour.This is a really nice American-French bistro right across from Penn. The interior is welcoming and spacious, and it's the kind of touristy-in-a-good-way joint that's great for dates or family outings. 
We came here for brunch. The coffee was great, btw, something I never write about restaurants. The wild mushroom omelette was very good. Our other breakfast plate was good. We coulda been more creative with our food ordering - I'm recommending this place based upon the ambience and location. I liked it.The food here is great and the atmosphere is stunning.
 I would say it is more than casual but not a super dressy place. The food is phenomenal and I have waited for it to be my third time going to leave my most honest review. The wait staff is so attentive and friendly. The menu has so many options and will definitely have something for everyone. I highly recommend the Bacon Wrapped Dates appetizer and the desserts are to die for! 
Overall great experience every time and I recommend this place to everyone I know in town or visiting!Yes, the décor is lovely, but food is meh. Drinks are trendy but for some reason, I couldn't get a simple margarita. I was told by the service person that while they had tequila, triple sec and lime juice they don't make margaritas. What?? Just not a pulled together restaurant. White Dog around the corner offers better all around quality.Amazing brunch! This place is so pretty on the inside and they have a great variety of options. I will definitely come again. Great service too!Very very delicious food, the escargot is a huge amount, both the chicken and rabbit were fantastically cooked. Atmosphere is loud but still energetic-fun on the inside. You may have to lean in to talk to your dinner guests. Service was a little slow but at the time they were getting swamped with walk-ins and what seemed to be some new staff.The interior of this place is super fancy  - you definitely feel great dining here. Came here for a birthday brunch for a friend and the service was pretty good and the atmosphere was nice. Their brunch menu was a little pricey, and I would say to stick with the sweet things (the Bananas Foster Waffle I got was really good!), over the more bland savory brunch options.It's a really pretty restaurant, very nicely decorated, but it's difficult to hear the person next to you. The food, not great at all. I ordered the salmon tartare. It was clearly sitting around so long that the salmon actually cooked in the acid of the lemon. It was inedible. I saw lots of the onion soup going out so I ordered that too. The stock did not taste like beef stock at all. It was very vegetable flavored and weak. The onions were not carmelized, just lightly cooked. I didn't order an entree because nothing was interesting to me. My husband ordered a hamburger. The outside of the bun was toasted, the inside was not. It had mayo and the burger slid off. Please, toast the bun, put mayo on the burger and then put the lettuce on top of the burger. I was still hungry so I ordered dessert (ok my mistake) Espresso budino- It was like a mild chocolate mousse. I'm not going back here.Great food and atmosphere but HORRIBLE service. Not an understaffing problem. There were six tables total and at least six servers, one bartender, two hosts, a manager, and multiple runners. Just no care to give a nice experience. I actually had to get up and get my own drinks from the bar bc they had been sitting at the service station for 15 minutes plus. TWICE.
When I stepped up to the bar to retrieve my tables drinks for the final time, a strange looking man with a low brown bun (seemed to be some kind of manager) angrily grabbed the third cocktail. I reached for it and he insisted on carrying it to the table. I mentioned that I already served two myself so what was the point in being served one? Lol. There was no offer to comp a single item from our $300 plus tab.
Giving the server the benefit of the doubt, we still tipped over 20% with over a $60 tip. He then became super interested in our table gathering our checks before we stood up to ensure we left a sufficient amount.
My advice, go to Parc.Had a wonderful happy hour dinner here, celebrating our anniversary. Nice decor, tasty foodConsidering that we did not have a reservation, we did not expect to get seated right away. But we did!  Hooray!  Toutside dining tables were only half full. We were seated pretty quickly but then waited for about 15 minutes for any server at all to come near us so we left. So we cannot review the food but we can talk about the experience not being attentive considering they were plenty of servers and not many people at the restaurant.This review is for their happy hour.  With cocktails, beer and wine priced at $5 and appetizer plates ranging from $5-9, Louie Louie offers a really nice happy hour experience.  The inside decor and ambiance is very relaxing and conducive to sit back have a few apps and drinks. 
We ordered the Yellowfin Tuna Tartare ($9) and the Goat Cheese Arancini ($7).  The Arancini was very filling and quite delicious.  The Tartare was fairly good, but had we paid the full price on it we probably wouldn't have thought so.  
Bar service was great.  We got there around 5:00 and by 6:00, there was not an availablw seat at the bar.  So, get there early to get a seat.I loved the breakfast we had here, and I love the location near the University of PENN bookstore!This place has such a great vibe and cocktail hour. The food portions are bigger than what you'd expect and they do not hold back on the strength of their cocktails. Absolutely a great place for a drink with friends or date.Was in university city for a class at penn and discovered Louie Louie, upon entry i was very surprised by the ambiance and decor.  Very cool & welcoming.  The bar also caught my eye right away, u shaped bar with lots of lights and people sitting at the bar.   
Food wise, i had heard about the burger and decided to test it out.  And boy was it good... first they serve bread and butter (french baguette) that was very good.  Then the burger with truffle fries came out.  The bun and ingredient were fresh and the meat was good (nice blend/grind) that had flavors.
Def a must try and found itself on my list of top burgers in philly!!!When this place opened it was great. Great vibe, great food, great cocktails all set in a fabulous decor. I've ventured in here in early May on a lovely evening where the day had been 90° and felt like summer. The hostess was very kind and seated my husband and I at a very nice table. Eventually we had a server. After seeing the cocktail menu which was very heavily geared toward winter drinks with Bourbons and cider and cinnamon etc. I mentioned this to the waiter who said their spring menu would be coming out "in a couple of weeks". ( it's May, 90degrees outside and your spring menu is coming out in June?)
I ordered a Cosmo. My husband ordered a soda. Approximately 10 minutes later the waiter returned with my Cosmo in a Tumblr style Glass. It occupied approximately a bottom inch or two MAX in the bottom of the glass. He stated that they ran out of martini glasses and will this be OK.? I said it would not and I send it back. My husband inquired about where his soda might be and the waiter explained that comes from another area in the restaurant. The waiter disappeared, and was gone for at least 10 minutes or so. Interestingly I could look around the restaurant and there were extremely few people in it. At the most a handful of tables were occupied and there were a handful of people at the bar. There were multiple multiple open tables. 
I was wondering how they could've run out of martini glasses in this situation??!
Next our attention was directed to the menu. Again the menu seemed very geared toward winter. The special of the day was cassoulet!! Remember it's 90° out today! Most all of the menu choices were very heavy, pork, winter vegetables, that sort of thing.
We ended up ordering  a shrimp cocktail and raw oysters; their signature "french dip " and I ordered salmon . 
Then I spied the waiter across the restaurant at the bar and he took my Tumblr of Cosmo and poured it into a martini glass, brought it over to the table with pride. I mentioned that my martini had been sitting there for 10 to 20 minutes in the Tumblr and said that he could just return it to the bar. 
Again my husband asked where his soda might be and the waiter informed us that they needed to change out the soda machine because they were out of the soda and that he would bring it shortly.
At that point we asked for the manager. That really set the waiter off with an attitude!! We never saw him again.
A few minutes later the manager showed up at our table. After we ran through the hit parade above he explained that he's new. He's only been there for a short time and he's here to fix these things that are problems. When I said about the menu choices being horrific for this time of year he said a new menu was coming out shortly, to which I replied back in March everybody knew spring was coming. He was apologetic, there was little he could do to fix this situation. We decided to leave and to pay for what that we had received which was a soda and the apps.
 He actually brought us a bill for that allowed us to pay for it (which really surprised me at that point I thought it would be totally comped). But he did pack up  " to go"the entrées that came out while we were talking to him which was some consolation.
It's a beautiful interior in a good  location. Too bad it's gone this far downhill.
Hopefully it will make a turn around, but I am not going back to find out!I dined here twice now and both times were, in all, good experiences. I love the decor- Louie Louie and its sister restaurants all have beautiful, eye-catching decor. It's fun to look around while you dine because there is always something else to see. 
Our service, both times, was good: unobtrusive, just how I like it. 
The food was very good and exactly what I expected as far as quality goes having dined at White Dog (all locations) many, many times. The steak tartare was definitely the standout but writing this review, a few months post-visit, makes me realize much of the food I tried wasn't very memorable. Don't get me wrong, it is good... but I am reserving 5 stars for places that serve food I can't forget!
I will be back, searching for the dish I will always remember because I know Louie Louie is capable of producing such a thing!Stopped by Louie Louie for happy hour with a few co-workers and was quite pleased! I had been here pre-pandemic during a visit to Philadelphia, but this was my first time fully enjoying their happy hour. We snagged a table in their outdoor area, which is expansive enough to allow everyone to feel comfortable. Previously, I had sat at the bar inside, which is an AWESOME vibe - the entire interior is decorated in almost a 1920s style, which feels like a lovely time warp and feels so classic and perfect. Highly recommend at least walking through their indoor space to take it all in. But since it was nearing the end of summer on my most recent visit, I was glad we opted to sit outside in the nice weather. 
I'm glad that their happy hour is still intact! Louie Louie offers both food and drink specials on their HH menu, which I appreciate. For drink, I went with the "Son of a Preacherman" - a cocktail that featured sweet tea vodka and limoncello, amongst other mixers. It was quite lovely and perfect for the warmer weather, tasting just like a sweet tea with a bit of a kick. As a cocktail novice, I really appreciated this drink. For eats, our table split a variety of small plates including shishito peppers, truffle fries, bacon wrapped dates, and goat cheese brushetta. I am a sucker for bacon wrapped dates, so that was my favorite dish, loving the combination of the sweet dates with the creamy blue cheese. The goat cheese brushetta was the crowd favorite, loving the tomato and arugla paired with the creamy goat cheese that almost tasted whipped atop the crusty bread. Delightful! 
We all really enjoyed our happy hour experience at Louie Louie! The HH prices are just right, with the cocktails coming in at $7 and the apps ranging from $5-$8 (depending on what size plate you get). Definitely a steal for the high quality food and drink! I highly recommend Louie Louie for a happy hour after work in University City, and I look forward to visiting again in the near future! Thanks for a great post-work treat, Louie Louie!As I always say Sunday's are for brunch (not football) so naturally I met with a dear friend of mine who is moving to Houston for a farewell brunch. We went to Louie Louie and sat outside. Inside is so aesthetically pleasing but we wanted to enjoy the weather. We cheered with a Gia Bellini which is ginger/mango flavored and it was so good we ordered a couple rounds of them. I had the eggs royale which is essentially smoked salmon eggs Benedict, it was delicious! My gf the creme brûlée French toast she said it was so yummy and the perfect sized portion. The service was phenomenal as we spent a lot of time talking and catching up so she was very patient with us. I definitely will be back to check out the dinner menu soon!Had lunch here it didn't disappoint. I had the lobster roll that came with chips. It was very good, but not a large portion... which is fine because it was very tasty.
My cousin had the burger for lunch and she loved it as well. We tried a few different drinks which were also awesome. The waiter had great drink suggestions from the menu because there were a ton of different options to choose from.
It was busy for lunch, but we were able to sit down right away. It is a very trendy and upscale place, but has a cozy vibe. I will definitely have to try it out for dinner at some point.  It's definitely not a place for someone on a budget, but is a nice place to splurge every once and a while.We stopped by after work for dinner and the food and service was great! My colleague and I ordered lamb meatballs and both chose the eggplant gratin. The meatballs were very good meatballs but I will say I was expecting a bit more flavor since they were lamb. The eggplant gratin was simply amazing. Perfectly cooked and just delicious. I took one bite and knew I was not taking home any leftovers! An aside note, it was actually pretty windy and rainy that evening but the ambiance coupled with the lighting and marble table tops added much needed cheer and flair that evening. Would definitely go back.This is the best pizza ever.And also the best steak zeps are the best. Been in Florida for 6 years and I miss this food so much. My 2nd favorite is Corpollese tomato pie which I can now have delivered in a kit just have to bake it. Goldbelly's is who does the delivery. I would be the happiest girl in Florida when you figure out how to do this delivery with your pzza PLEASE!!This has been on my must visit list for quite some time! Louie Louie has an amazing Instagram presence and with all the posts I was dying to visit! 
We made reservations a couple of days before and reached on time. It is so b.e.a.utifull! 
Choice fully designed with an outside patio area. Service was a 5/5. We ordered a couple of drinks, one of which was a smoked whiskey drink. It was wonderfully presented. 
For appetizers we got the lamb meatballs and Pommes frites. Both were executed extremely well and tasted even better. 
Since we were meeting up with friends we didn't get any dinner. But surely will make a visit soon!first of all, the aesthetic of this place is so adorable and location is convenient. our server was super sweet. the food was pretty lackluster though. we came for brunch and i had the country breakfast. i ordered my eggs over easy and they were definitely over hard. potatoes were kinda greasy. sausage was ehhhh. i'd probably come back and try them for lunch/dinner but the brunch was not enjoyable.Louie Louie is cute. The restaurant feels like you are outside inside with a restaurant 'cafe' vibe to the left, horseshoe/ oval bar in the middle (plenty stocked including my fav Casamigos Tequila) and to the right couches fireplace and chase lounges. Originally I was just picking up. Top rated customer service with hostess helping me navigate the lunch/dinner menu that's all together on Yelp to make a good selection. I ended up eating at the bar and drinking my drink. Bartenders attentive but give space to scroll and solo it out. Their menu is pretty expansive and I would go again. Directly across from the Annenberg Theater so perfect date night. A bit pricey (Arugula salad + Salmon $28) but it's trying to be higher end in Uni and it worksEnjoyed a delicious relaxing brunch in this beautiful restaurant. The decor is very Paris bistro-ish. Service was very good, our server was both knowledgeable and friendly. I started with the blood orange mojito "mocktail", too early for booze lots of stuff to do today! It was refreshing and would easily be a great cocktail. Appetizers for the table were the deviled eggs and avocado toast with crab. The eggs were very good, simple and tasty. The avocado toast was also very good, the complex mixture of ingredients made this really stand out when compared to others I've had. 
The main courses were the croque madam and lobster omelette . What can I say about the croque madam except WOW! It was huge and delicious! The field greens with basaltic was the perfect side. Definitely come hungry if you order this, I couldn't finish mine. The lobster omelette was also good, although I did feel like it could have used some hollandaise sauce (but I love hollandaise). There was plenty of lobster inside which was great. 
There are only 2 unisex bathrooms but they were modern and clean! I will certainly be back, and highly suggest giving this one a try!I came here on valentine's day weekend with my boyfriend. The restaurant was comfortably crowded and the server was very attentive. We ordered 4-5 appetizers as opposed to entrees. We also ordered 2 cocktails. All of the appetizers were delicious. We probably liked the tuna tartare and the rockefeller oysters the best, but it was hard to choose a favorite. The inside was modern/70s ish? If that makes sense. Definitely worth checking out!These Sunday lunch devours are all the way from @louielouiephl in university city Philadelphia! This restaurant is located in the INN AT PENN Hotel and stay. This elegant yet really classy restaurant serve two menus throughout the day. While here, i was given a lunch menu that was very short and easy to read. I first ordered the oysters  . They were super fresh and flavorful . I then ordered a Louie wedge salad  which was phenomenal! I then ordered the "French dip" roast beef sandwich with frites! The sandwiches very juicy and the beef was cooked to perfection. If you ever find yourself in U.City please check out @louielouiephl and tell them shimmy sent you! #philadelphia #philly #food #foodporn #foodie #foodblogger #goodeats #lunch #water #sanwiches #salad #peppers #oystersLouise Louise is a European bistro that is great for casual lunches as well as business lunches. They are able to accommodate large groups as well. Our waiter was very friendly and accommodating. Some people in group had to leave early so he made sure their food was served in a timely manner. 
We shared some appetizers- spanish octopus and tuna tartare. All the appetizers are pretty much designed to be shared. I had the bay arugula salad for my main course- you can add a variety of proteins to your salad. The salad was definitely a good size and won't leave you starving. 
They even have mocktails if you feel like drinking during lunch, but don't want to get a buzz. 
Some others ordered the Louie burger and it looked delicious. I'd love to try that the next time I am back!Was there on June 21st. The sever was very sweet but not knowledgeable about the menu. It would have been nice if she new what type of oyster you were serving and what cheese was on cheese plate. I just think having menu knowledge increases the potential for a greater tip. Nice place just wasn't wowed.I've come for drinks, brunch, and dinner and all around, Louie Louie offered solid food and beverages at all times. Situated at the lobby of the Inn at Penn, Louie Louie is a major upgrade over its predecessor, La Penne. The interior is bright and reminds me of a bougie Manhattan type of brunch place. The place typically is packed at most times, especially on the weekends so be prepared for a slight wait to get seated. Once you're seated inside, the service is pretty quick and accomodating. I remember that they incorrectly stated the times of their happy hour so they gave a free first round of drinks. 
For brunch, all the dishes were delicately prepared and we appreciated leisurely atmosphere and the yummy food. Dinner was also excellent. I got the butternut squash ravioli and the sauce was creamy and the ravioli melted in your mouth. I also recommend the burger, which my friend who love meat thoroughly enjoyed.I dined here for the first time on a recent Sunday evening. There wasn't a large crowd but I'm not sure how this compares to other times and days of the week. The space has a nice French cafe or bistro feel although the space is pretty large compared to other restaurants in the city.
They have a nice mix of appetizers, starters, salads,and mains. They do have some vegetarian options but not sure about vegan options. Overall the food was good. I had the vegetable curry.  This seemed a little pricey for the portion size. The Arancini and burrata are good appetizers that can be for one or for sharing for two. We enjoyed the flavors of all of our choices. 
Outside dining is available. They offer brunch on weekends.Definitely good but didn't knock my socks off. The inside is beautiful and has an upscale NYC hotel lobby type of vibe. Ordered the mushroom ravioli without bacon, the fries, and my boyfriend ordered the burger. For happy hour we tried the mango mojito and the spiked sweet tea. Everything was good, service was fine, but not outstanding.Sigh where you begin... the place is beautiful, I mean it's very classy on the inside but they don't have it together. Missing entrees, missing apps, missing cocktails, sold out items ... I don't think a restaurant could have messed up this poorly if they tried. 
We had reservations for seven people for a double birthday party, the server looked like a deer in headlights the entire meal. All of the drinks and cocktails came out at random times or not at all... nothing was consistent, nothing was delivered with logic, entrées before appetizers, we had half of the table with cocktails and the other half without. The server never once came in to check on us to see if we wanted a second round either... what a big loss of business on their part. Not once did they refill our water we had to actually go request water because someone at the table was choking. The chef yes they chef filled the water.
The only pasta on the menu we were told was sold out from the waiter. Upon having to go to the bar to try and figure out what kind cocktail they could make since the first one was... sold out, the manager said "oh we definitely have the pasta I just fired one for a table". Our server was clueless and blamed the chef. The verdict is still out on this one. 
For the record the pasta was a 4/10 the oxtail was over cooked and sauce watery. Pasta mushy, it was in no way home made.
Moving on; 
By the time the all drinks came, we found out one we ordered, a black berry whiskey cocktail was also... yes "SOLD OUT" so we ordered a Smokey sazerac and guess what... it came 30 minutes later. This is not a guess, we actually timed 30 minutes. 
 The salmon tartare never made it to the table until we had to complain that it was missing luckily the manager who is the only helpful person in the restaurant was able to go to snag 
one from the kitchen for our table.
If I had to do it again id sit at the bar maybe. The Service at the tables was a mess. The food we ordered literally went to other tables who were seated after us. 
Oh and thanks for the comp on the birthday dessert... the only thing worth ordering is the espresso budino. 
I was excited to try this place. And if I could take my $ back I would. I'm sorry to write such an awful review but we wouldn't order a single dish again. Maybe I had the wrong things, but we tried a lot for the table. 300$ wasted. 
Avoid this place on a Monday ? Or all together...A very basic American-French restaurant catering more to college students. Good if you want something a bit more upscale than sandwich or burger joint. The waitress was really nice and gave good recommendations. The fish was perfect the  eggplant not to much. Beautiful ambience.Absolutely love this restaurant nestled at the bottom layer at the Inn at Penn. the menu is absolutely fabulous and provides an array of delicious dishes. My favorite are the escargot, oysters, and calamari. The oysters are so fresh and outstanding. The calamari is mixed with peppers and has an incredible flavor. Finally and most importantly the escargot is to die for. It's truly incredible the seasoning, the cheese, the sauce, the bread for dipping... perfection to say the least!!!
The decor is so instagramable and colorful. I suggest sitting in one of the sofa tables and relaxing for happy hour. If you are looking for something more formal they have regular dining tables as well as a large bar to grab a bite to eat or try one of their fabulous cocktails.I went to Louie Louie on a Saturday night and had a very good experience. As others have said many times, the decor and atmosphere is top notch. I've been to bistros in France and this is not that -- but it's something different and  fun. 
There wasn't much of a dinner crowd the night we visited. Given it's proximity to the Inn at Penn, I suspect most of their business comes from business travelers and university parents. Not really your typical summer Saturday night crowd. 
The shrimp cocktail appetizer was out of this world and served with two sauces. I had the paella and it was divine. Like really. Whoever decided to turn the rice into a crispy cake deserves a medal. My date had the carbonara; also very good but the portion was a bit large. To me, that's a negative though I respect that many think huge portions equal value. 
Just four stars because my wine choice was a disappointment and our server didn't inquire though the glass was still full. No big deal, but I would've liked to order another glass.I've only really been here for Happy Hour (M-F 3-6pm), but I've liked the HH more than regular dinner service because it's quite overpriced. Even happy hour dishes range from $6-$12. The drinks are pretty good, but the food is pretty average! I will say a positive is the interior design, it's beautiful!Very hit or miss. I think this modern french restaurant charges a high price for just OK food.
Some of the dishes are meh like the Lobster Bisque. It might be a little harsh, but it kinda tastes like La Croix: Hint of lobster, like someone washed the lobster and then cream was added to that water. I also went another day and got the croissant breakfast sandwich and while the truffle fries that came with it was delicious, the sandwich was very dry and didn't taste that great in my opinion. It definitely was not worth the $13 I paid. If this restaurant is going to have expensive prices, then I want higher quality, better tasting food.
However on the flip side, I have heard their happy hour is great. They also do not have as many vegetarian options as I would have hoped. Even their salads come with meat and you have to ask separately to remove it. My friends have had bad experiences with this and they could definitely improve on making the experience great for people of all ways of life!
TLDR: experience could be better, but happy hour is probably your best bet.