I decided to check out Love & Honey after hearing that Questlove endorsed them. I grabbed my friend Myron who was visiting from out of town and we set off for Front Street. As a black woman whose family hails from the South, I'm genetically engineered to be skeptical of any fried chicken not prepared by someone's black grandmother or Aunt Johnnie Mae. I took a deep breath, crossed the threshold walked to the counter and placed my order. The chicken isn't prepared until you place your order so there's a bit of a wait. Fast forward to me digging into my box of chicken - this is actually good! The chicken was juicy and seasoned well. The skin was nice and crisp! The piece de resistance, however, was the cornbread with honey butter. It was damn good! Not slap yo mama good but when I see my mother this weekend we will have words. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because you can't choose all white or all dark meat. I detest chicken breast with every fiber of my being so this was almost a deal breaker for me. Luckily, Myron isn't picky about his chicken so he graciously traded his thigh for my breast. If you get the chance, do stop by, you'll be glad you did.Great Chicken!!!! Very clean and nicely run establishment. The people were super friendly and the chicken was crunchy and moist as can be! Then there was the Cookie. A must get!!!!I've been on the hunt for my favorite Philly fried chicken and I have to say I was fairly impressed here. Chicken was pretty good and it seemed as though they added a subtle yet noticable touch of honey to the batter for a very unique fried chicken flavor that didn't make me hate myself. Will definitely keep this in the top 5 fried chicken ranks for now.Chicken is done right - super crispy and delicious batter. Rivals the fried chicken at Lukoil (anyone who doesn't know, their chicken is out of sight, don't judge a book by its cover) Very friendly staff even though it was their hectic grand opening. A few cons - Mac and cheese was surprisingly lackluster. Go with pimento cheese spread instead. Also they ran out of cornbread which I'm chalking up to being a crazy grand opening.I found the food very good here!  Yes, the chicken was fantastic, as was cornbread, shells and cheese and collard greens.  I also had the banana pudding, which was rich and creamy.  I also tried the sweet potato pie, which was also very good.  Both desserts had fresh whipped cream.
Everything was homemade, fresh and tasty.  I hope they can maintain this high quality of food.First time coming here! I got a 6-piece chicken with every side they offer (except the coleslaw). The food was absolutely amazing. I could not have asked for a more authentic dining experience. I ordered using Caviar with a $10 off voucher, but would have paid full price if I knew how amazing the food was. I recommend this if you are looking for homemade comfort food! 
I've been using Caviar to get delivery from my favorite restaurants. Sign up with this link to get $10 off each of your next two orders in Philadelphia.: https://bnc.lt/W9Qc/c3aKuVuGyIThis food is life-changing. My wife works nearby and if I'm especially nice to her she'll grab me a 3 piece and cornbread. Also, the butter is more than likely fortified with narcotics because I'm most definitely addicted!The fried chicken was amazing! Fried chicken is hard to get right (not too greasy, not over cooked, consistent crunchiness of the coating)... well, they nailed it. The mac and cheese was also delicious. The banana pudding was a huge surprise (figured - how good could it be?) - Uh-mazing. This came as a recommendation / so I glad I took it. The restaurant has a cute layout - geared a little more to take out, but there are seats available. No beer/wine, but that may be a blessing given you won't have any room left!I don't know where it all went wrong, maybe it was a bad batch but this chicken is not good. There's was no flakiness, and it was poorly seasoned. All I taste is the overwhelming flavor of celery seed and white pepper. Couldn't even eat the skin...very disappointed...drove all the way from JerseyI had my first visit to love and honey and there is no way I won't be back. The Nashville hot chicken sandwich was the perfect mix of spicy and sweet! The portion was huge for that the price is and the toppings on the sandwich all complimented the chicken perfectly. Planning on bringing my whole family next time to try it!Hot. Crispy. Juicy. Flavorful. These are the four words that describe a great piece of fried chicken.  Listen I come from a lineage of great fried chicken makers and eaters. This was good. The breading was extra crunchy and very flavorful. The seasoning is a smidge different, there are quite a bit of herbs and spices but it wasn't overpowering but definitely different from your standard fried chicken. I am really sensitive to salt and this chicken was salted perfectly, honestly because the chicken is well seasoned the salt was there but not overpowering which is easy to do with fried chicken. They must brine their chicken prior to batter and frying it because the breast was ridiculously moist. The breast was huge and that usually that means the breast is going to be dry, the breast was so juicy and delicious. There seems to be a debate on here about whether they should have whole or split  chicken breast. The breast was huge and I wouldn't have minded if it was split but it didn't take from greatness of the chicken. Maybe they can have option of whole or split breasts for customers. Personally, it's not a huge deal for me but I can see why it might be for some. I think the chicken had honey drizzled on it, I could have used a smidge more, next time I will ask. 
The cornbread was good. 
Parking was fine, I went at a good time and parked right in front. The store is beautiful, bright, and well laid out. From the time I opened the door I was greeted. When I got to the counter I was greeted. The baker was baking and she spoke to me when she heard me contemplating dessert. The lady putting the order together had a convo with me, (may have been one of the owners). Saying all that to say service was super friendly. I went when it wasn't crowded which enhanced my experience.
$9.25 for three pieces of chicken is standard for this kind of chicken. Come on ppl if you want a meal for this price go to one of the fast food chicken places. You have to understand this is a different quality level, a independent business, so complaining about the price makes no sense. Now if it was $12-15 we might have a problem, lol. 
The chicken got three stars, it's very good but I'm super critical when it comes to fried chicken.  It's definitely worth a trip to taste it. 
The extra star comes because of the service and (insert slow clap and a pointed index finger) the SWEET POTATO PIE! OMG, I just took a bite and went to sweet potato heaven. I'm also a expert in sweet potato pie eating, been doing it since birth, and this is probably thee best (please don't tell my family) sweet potato pie I've had. 
Finally, I have a idea for a chicken sandwich. Cornbread toasted with honey butter, boneless fried chicken breast, drizzled with honey and hot sauce. You can call it The Gigi. It's sure to be a top seller.get the honey cornbread muffins!! everything else is just 10/10. Amazing food & service.Stopped by today for the wings. Definitely worth it. 8 whole wings were more than enough for me. Also grabbed some cornbread and a slice of pie. All delicious. Wings are cooked to order so I waited around 15 min. Staff was friendly and as others have mentioned the place is really clean. I'll be back.As a general rule, I do not eat fried chicken. Update: I NOW eat fried chicken--as long as it is Love & Honey Fried Chicken, which I can only describe as "perfect." I also eat greens with smoked turkey and the most amazing cornbread I have ever tasted (and I used to bake cornbread for a living). 'nuf said. PS: I hope you don't like it too much, because I hear they sell out frequently and that would be bad for me.This place is super super amazing. The chicken comes out hot and fresh and crunchy and DELICIOUS. I loved it! I only allow myself to have meat once a week so when I do, I want it to be AMAZING. This was totally what my weekend needed. Would return for sure.When in for lunch one day it took longer because they cook everything fresh to order but it was worth the wait have a chicken sandwich with the spicy coleslaw and it was oh so good I would highly recommendI've been waiting for this place to open since last summer - a place that sells my two of my favorite food groups, fried chicken and pies. After months of waiting, i checked instagram on a whim and voila! When I heard that the grand opening was Friday, I took a cripple and made our way to Front Street. The place was packed at 5:30 PM, only raising our hopes. When we walked in, we were invited by a very quaint, yet modern interior with seating for a handful via the "L" corner table. 
We glanced at the menu and we were pleasantly surprised by the cost, 19$ for 6 pieces of chicken 1 piece of cornbread? But everything is made from scratch and blah blah, so we were willing to deal with the cost. We moved to the pie section of the menu and saw that each slice of pie was $5. A slice of pie. $5. Again, opening day, new experiences, and high expectations made us reason that this was also acceptable..but in reality this was not true.
We ordered the 6 piece and a chocolate pie to share...and sadly we were disappointed. The breading from the chicken broke off immediately and we were greeted by bland chicken meat. We reasoned, maybe we were too used to the high salt of the average American diet, but nay. Every bite we took, we were disappointed because the flavors were there, but it just seemed 5% short on something. We could barely taste the honey in the breading, but thought of it more as a gimmick. We tasted more cooking oil in the breading than the honey or any spices to be completely honest. But it was their grand opening, so we are aware of the stress and things can go more wrong than right.
The cornbread was fantastic; if they had a restaurant that sold just the cornbread I would be all over it. But, I think it's a cardinal sin that the 3 piece and the six piece each only get 1 piece of cornbread. Double the chicken should equal double the cornbread. 
And now, the pies. First of all, there is no apple pie, the classic staple of America. Second, the chocolate pie we ordered didn't have enough chocolate taste. Each bite was like being given a hint of a chocolate, with a suggestion that there might be more chocolate if we dug deeper, but we were only given disappointments. 
Maybe this is why you don't meet your heroes. Maybe this is why you don't go to a restaurant on their grand opening. Maybe we're just picky and tired of the mediocrity that is the Philly food scene which is a lot of hype and lack of follow-through. We probably set our expectations too high, but we experienced a chicken that was too bland and fried a little too long, and a pie that felt like we were eating a chocolate substitute. 
If I could give them a 2.5/5, I would. It's not a 2 but not quite a 3, but it was the grand opening so a 3 is more appropriate considering the circumstances, but we probably won't be back.I don't know what Questlove and all these other reviewers are smoking because this place is not good. I had super high hopes, but what I got was bland, over-breaded chicken. Oddly sweet, with a strong flavor of celery seed, but no other discernible seasoning. They're frying it too hot and too fast so it's almost burned on the outside and flabby on the inside. No point taking 20 minutes frying every piece to order if your finished project isn't as good as a fast food joint. The collard greens were tough and stringy, they needed some more time on the stove. They were out of mac and cheese because they apparently don't know what every soul food restaurant does about how to make a big hotel pan full of goodness. Hint: it shouldn't be saucy. The banana pudding tasted like eggnog. I'm not even sure there was any banana in it at all. This is my worst culinary disappointment in years. Seriously, it's even worse than Wishbone.I wish there was a little more flavor to the chicken. This place is cool on the inside. The Mac and Cheese is okay. Would have loved the use of less creamy cheese. Wouldn't confuse it with southern mac and cheese but it could hold you over in a pinch. All my opinions but, wasn't really as good as the hype.I'll preface this by saying I'm from the South. I've only been in Philly 5 years. I've been impatiently waiting for this place to open and finally got to try it last night. Everything was on point. The fried chicken of course was fabulous but it was the cornbread (which came free with the chicken) that really blew my mind. Add the honey butter and it was simply unmatched by any I've had before. The pie was also excellent... crust was still crispy and chocolate filling wasn't overly sweet. Perfection! Needless to say, I'll be a regular customer. Thanks to the owners for taking such good care of our large group. Great job!On way back from peddlers village and on way to see city sights stopped for a bite 
Normal hard parking in this area 
Found a spot not far away
Fast friendly service tried fried chicken southern potato salad and corn muffin 
Juicy flavorful chicken great fresh potato salad and corn muffin looked longingly at dessert but was to full got very busy after we came in at about 6 worth the ride over the bridge seemed like a lot of nightlife in areaLove this place! The chicken was very crispy and delicious. The buttermilk ranch sauce paired very well with the chicken. Cornbread was also really good with the honey butter. I would definitely order from Love & Honey's again!Headed over to Love & Honey for a late lunch/early dinner and was blown away by how good it was. We ordered a 3 piece, corn bread with honey butter, mac'n cheese, the collard greens and the banana pudding.
Rundown on the food:
The chicken: Most fried chicken is all about the crust. Then after that it's dried out meat and overwhelming sadness. That is NOT the case at Love & Honey. The chicken looks great as we opened the box and it smelled great. The first bite had a great crunch to it, great savory flavor followed by a hint of sweetness from the the honey drizzle. But once I tasted the chicken itself I was blown away by the moist nature of the meat and the outstanding flavor. I could actually remove the skin and just eat the meat and be satisfied...but I'm not an animal. 
The sides: The mac'n cheese was great. Rich and creamy. The collard greens were the star of the two though. They were perfectly cooked and had a great smokey flavor to them...with chunks of smoked turkey. God, they were good!
The corn bread with honey butter: Pure heaven. The cornbread is so moist and flavorful it almost doesn't need the honey butter...but again, I'm not an animal and slathered it all over the corn bread and put it in my dumb mouth.
The banana pudding: So I brought this home and had it later. Good christ is it good. Just so yummy...a cup of creamy goodness.
A beautifully decorated spot with some truly awesome touches makes it stand out in the neighborhood. Everyone has to check out the bathroom which has an awesome mural of Rocky and Mick. Just check it out and don't make it weird. It doesn't have to be weird. 
The service was friendly and courteous. The team at L&H seem to really care about the customer and for me that goes a long way. I really got the feeling here that the customer comes first, something that seems to be a dying practice among some Fishtown business's. 
Anyway I'm definitely going back for more...my cardiologist and his family thank you Love & Honey.I had the Nashville chicken sandwich and was super impressed by the crispness and juiciness of the sandwich! The employees are welcoming and friendly...We will definitely be back and would recommend this place to others!Todd & Laura put the Love & Honey into every inch of Love & Honey Fried Chicken. 
Walking through the door to find friendly smiling faces and an easy to understand menu makes your dining experience that much sweeter. There is no fuss - just damn good Fried Chicken with a crunchy well seasoned crust drizzled with honey... add a little hot sauce for an extra punch.  The homemade slaw with ranch dressing and hint of dill along with the corn bread with honey butter balances your meal nicely. 
I shared a piece of the Apple Crumble Pie and hello, I died and went to heaven with the sweet moist apples layered with sugary and buttery crumble finished with a flakey crust and a dollop of whip cream!
There is no longer a need for the chain fried chicken restaurant... because Love & Honey is serving up the very best!The staff is incredibly friendly and personable. The food is fresh and tasty. There are daily specials including the newly introduced Wings Wednesday where you get 6 whole wings for $8. The blueberry pie is "smack your mama good"!  They're on Caviar delivery list. Place is clean. Lots of nearby parking. Laura spent a year perfecting the pie crust and it shows.I ordered the pound of chicken wings and so sorry i didn't get 2 lbs! My husband didn't get to taste them! Sooo good! The best fried chicken I've tasted! Don't miss out on trying this fresh, crispy, tasty chicken! You won't be disappointed!This was probably the worst fried chicken I've ever tasted. No flavor whatsoever. I'm from the South, and the North just doesn't do soul food, especially fried chicken like we do. I tasted a heavy taste of celery flakes which was not pleasant. All you need for good fried chicken is some seasoned salt and flour, so I'm not sure why they are going through all these changes using celery flakes and whatever else. The hot sauce shouldn't have to flavor your chicken, that should just be icing on the cake, but I had to have hot sauce to flavor every bite. The cornbread was delicious but that's about it. I won't be going back.The chicken and coconut pie were AMAZING! Highly recommend this place.  Some of the best fried chicken I've ever hadHello, this review is long overdue. The chicken that love and honey fried chicken makes is absolutely amazing, I don't care about the price because the chicken is so good. It's fresh chicken made to order and it doesn't sit under the heat lamp. I know you're saying well the price is too high, the price is just right, you wouldn't want A fowl chicken, coming here you get more than just great service you get great camaraderie from the owners and from the staff. I would recommend this place to anyone that loves good crunchy fried chicken. Don't keep it a secret let it be known.This place is awesome! The fried chicken is amazing and their cornbread is even better! Probably the best cornbread I've ever had. If you are hosting your own dinner, go by and pick up a loaf with the honey butter at a minimum. The sides aren't anything that great here but the chicken and cornbread is definitely worth the visit! Also, we had the blueberry pie with fresh whipped cream on top and it was AMAZING. Only thing I would wish for here would be amazing southern style biscuits... A fried chicken biscuit sandwich is something Philly is seriously lacking.Ordered through Caviar, so can't speak to the facility itself, but the chicken was on point. Crispy, crunchy, and not greasy. The taste was even better. Just the slightest touch of sweetness to the coating, really sets it apart, and the homemade ranch dressing is packed with flavor.Incredible from top to bottom. I have NEVER tasted chicken more fresh, juicy and tasty then their chicken. The potato salad was enough to share and incredibly tasty. The deserts are also tasty and home made. If you don't feel hungry after your meal, take it to go, you won't be disappointed.The chicken was really good. Cooked too order, crispy, tender, etc.  For me what makes the difference is knowing it comes from a good farm. I can get fried chicken a lot of places (not necessarily as good as this), but I'm tired of eating food that I actively try to ignore where it came from.
With that out of the way. The chicken was really good. The pickles and the bread, good. The Nashville hot, good. You should be noticing a trend here. It's all really good. And what's better than being a vegetarian? Creating a demand for humane products so that the price comes down enough for people who will never be vegetarians to end up buying the good stuff instead of factory stuff.This chicken is deee-licious! The coating is sublimely crispy with a slightly herbal flavor. The chicken inside is perfectly cooked and is very flavorful even without the skin. The cornbread -- also delicious with nothing else on it-- is served with honey butter. It is like dessert. The collard greens with chunks of smoked turkey is also fantastic. The smokiness of the turkey compliments the bitterness of the greens. Lastly, the owners are super nice and friendly.  If only fried chicken was low in fat and calories, I'd eat there every day.The best chicken ever. If you're in fishtown/northern liberties you NEED to try this stuff.We were there the other day to check out this place. Very excited to try the fried chicken and sides. Unfortunately, the fried chicken had no seasoning. We came home and had to doctor up the chicken, collard greens and potato salad. The sweet potato pie filling was good but the crust was burnt. The restaurant was very clean. We really wanted to like this place but with no seasoning at least salt which was much needed we can't give more than 2 stars.This is my first ever Yelp review... Which I think speaks volumes about this place. The owners and staff were warm and welcoming when we walked in, and the restaurant itself looks great. We got a 6 piece chicken w/cornbread, shells and cheese, and chipotle honey slaw. The chicken is perfectly crunchy and flavorful on the outside and juicy on the inside. The sides were delicious, and the cornbread with honey butter is a dessert itself! Haven't even tried the pie, too full from the amazing chicken. Dangerous that this place is literally steps from our front door!Just AMAZING. Simply no words for how good this place was. We weren't expecting much because there was nothing really around it, but the fried chicken was easily one of the bests I've EVER had in my whole lifeWOW loved this fried chicken! I got delivery and it came in under 30 min which is impressive in itself! Now the chicken! It was SOO crispy and steaming hot when we got it, juicy and delicious! Incredible, huge portions, and very well priced. I WILL be ordering again!! 
PS get extra honey butter for the cornbread ;)I saved up all my cheats for this occasion and it was way better then I expected. The chicken, crispy outside, dripping inside. The corn bread WTF just pop it in your mouth and swallow, add the honey butter, and forget about it. The onion dip was sweet and savory and those homemade chips were scrumptious!!!  Nice job Todd and Laura!!! Thanks for the awesome hospitality!!!!  I can not wait to share with others!!Not a big fan of pickles and ended up eating every single one. The Nashville hot chicken sandwich is the best chicken sandwich I have ever eaten. Will be back for sure.The best fried chicken I've ever eaten. And the hot sauce not only had heat but also had flavor.The chicken is good! The cornbread is delicious! The atmosphere is A1! Desserts are bomb! You can't go wrong coming here! Customer service top notch! Thanks staff for being awesome!Fried chicken perfection! (How did they keep fried breast meat chicken so moist?!?! I don't - or didn't, until now - even like breast meat!)
Potato salad perfection! Honey butter perfection! Get here now - before they sell out, again!First time in - first impressions.  Friendly staff - beautiful clean location.  Chicken portions - HUGE! And bigger was better, crunch crunch fried hard and beautiful moist meat inside.  Collards - delicious, now I don't have to go to Mt. Airy for my fav collards - coleslaw perfect.  Pickles - great accompaniment to the chicken.  and the OHMYGAWD coconut custard pie was probably my favorite of the sides - one is definitely a good share dessert.
The only criticism I have, and it's a light one - seasoning on the chicken is a little light.  I never add salt but I wanted a little brightness (salt type) to the chicken crunch.  Now, tip if you're like me - a little lime squeezed over did the trick.  Will definitely go back again.So. Good. I'm not sure what they added to the batter for the fried chicken, but it is to-die for. Slightly sweet, super crunchy, and the chicken is oh so juicy. May or may not have been the best fried chicken I've ever had. 
I also got one cornbread muffin, but I probably could have eaten like 5 more. So delicious. The consistency was almost like a cake. And let's not even get into the honey butter. I honestly wanted to lick it out of the container.  
I split a piece of the January pie "Elvis Pie" with my friend. It was, of course, amazing too. It is quite a large piece though - I was glad I split it with someone.
Overall, everything I tried was extremely flavorful and beyond yummy. Definitely introducing more people to this place and using that as an excuse to come here a million more times!
P.S. Everyone who works there is insanely nice and friendly too  The atmosphere is just really comfy and happy.I love fried chicken and I'm tired of settling for mediocre when I know my tastebuds deserve better. Love & Honey has the best fried chicken I've ever had the pleasure of consuming and is worth the "journey" from Center City. My group of 6 went in around 3:30pm on a Saturday afternoon. There's not much seating so we squeezed into what space was left at the counter seating along the window. I'm not really a breast woman, so instead of buying the three piece (breast, thigh, and leg with cornbread) I bought two legs and a thigh and cornbread. It turned out to be little pricier buying a la carte, but I know what I like and it's dark meat! The fried chicken is fried to order and it's delicious in every way you can imagine. Crispy, perfectly seasoned breading with a drizzle of honey on top. The cornbread and honey butter is also insanely delicious.  I can't wait to come back for more. 
One tiny wish: Substitutions for the the three piece breast, thigh, and leg combo for those of us who have preferences for white or dark meat.  I'd happily swap out a breast piece for another leg or thigh.This place is great! It's a small restaurant and they only make a few chicken-based dishes. I got the fried chicken sandwich (because I couldn't resist) and it was delicious. The skin was crispy, the meat was juicy, and the slaw was sweet and creamy. It was an amazing dish, but the portion size was on the smaller size (really it's probably fine - I'm just used to gigantic proportions). If I'm in the area - I'd love to come by to check it out again - maybe I'll get more friend chicken this time around.Love this place! The chicken and sandwiches are so good!! And the staff is awesome!!! The owners are so nice, too. I def recommend this place to anyone in the areaThis place is amazing! I try to avoid fried food but was feelin crazy today and my boyfriend suggested we try this place since we recently moved to the area. It seems like fried chicken places have disappointed us in the past, but not only did this place exceed our expectations, but it's one of our favorite places in the area. Incredibly nice staff too! Would absolutely recommend for your fried chicken desires. Corn bread was also fantastic! The chicken was drizzled with honey too and was seasoned very well. We left very very happy!My new favorite chicken spot.  Had it last night and will be back soon to try other sides.  Very friendly people.  I went in and ordered and was told it would be a 15-20 minute wait.  Gave me time to pick up other food for the family, and just like I was told,  was ready when I got back.  The wife "stole" the mac and cheese from me but it was delicious.  If I had one minor complaint it would be that I like my chicken slightly saltier (us latin people slather adobo on our chicken).  But that did not take away from the experience.  I'm more a dark meat eater but this breast,  with how juicy it was, is going to seriously make me question myself.  Best cornbread I ever had also.Literally JUST had my first taste ever.  This is a fantastic establishment that serves up some great fried chicken AND pie!
My only challenge was finding a spot to park but that wasn't going to deter me. Found a spot, walked around the corner and there I was. Upon entry I was warmly greated by one of the owners. The lovely woman behind the counter took my order: 3 piece and a slice of sweet potato pie with a La Croix water. She advised me that it would be about 15-20 minutes. PERFECT...that means made to order.
While I waited I had the pleasure of watching the woman who took my order torch the marshmallow topping (optional) on my pie. Nice.  Also got to see some other pies being made. They all looked good.
Now...the chicken: This chicken is perfectly done. The skin is crunchy with a superb blend of spices. The meat was certainly tasty and juicy! Came with a cornbread muffin and a special butter that was delectible. Next time I'll ask for a small to go container to put some of the sauce in. Several sauce bottles were available if eating in.
The pie was good also. A good sized piece for the price. Tasty. The crust was great as well. 
Looking forward to my next visit so I can sample some of the sides.  Great place with great service, friendly staff and delicious food. Well done.This was probably the best fried chicken I've ever had! Seriously delicious. There was a mild sweetness to the crunchy coating. Staff was cheerful and friendly. I'll make a point to visit again when I'm in the area.I'm so happy to finally meet the amazing owners @loveandhoneyfriedchicken ‍Todd & ‍Laura Lyons. Both of them are also @theculinaryinstituteofamerica alums too!!! The BEST fried chicken I've ever tasted in Philadelphia for sure. It's tender, juicy, moist(even the breast-hands up), and the batter has so much flavor and very very crunchy texture. Trust me.... I savor each biteAs soon as I bit into the meat and hear the crunch of the chicken I was in 9 The warm cornbread with honey butter- one word SUPERB!!! Three onion dip with fresh fried chips ooohhemmmgeee sooo good This won't be the last time you will see me because I will visit often!!! i HEART @loveandhoneyfriedchicken Let's give them the warmest welcome  1100 North Front Street 5pm-9pm or until it sells out#loveandhoneyfriedchicken #TravelwithChefCherryl #CulinaryInstituteofAmericaLove and honey is a great place for a quick pick me up! The staff and overall service is really fantastic. It pains me to give them 3 stars. I grew up eating fried chicken, I've also had fried chicken at some surrounding restaurants in the city and nearby. 
I think if you're into having more of a real honey taste in your chicken - this is perfect. I found the chicken to be too sweet and not crunchy enough for me. The Mac and cheese was good but it was hard not to think I could have made it on my own. 
Again, this is a great place for all the right reasons in regards to service and staff. They have great packaging and I even enjoy the great lengths they go to provide great cage free chicken. 
Good place. Just not the best I've taste in fried chicken.Bf and I have been hunting for our go to fried chicken spot, I think we've found it. 
After an impromptu date night we wanted to check out Love & Honey with our empty stomachs. We debated on ordering so close to closing time but we called and got our 6 piece cooking. 
Holy. Crap. Freshly made to order, perfect crisp, great seasoning. The dark meat had wonderful flavor, the white meat was just as juicy and tender as the thigh. Seriously great chicken. 
We didn't try anything else, yet, but we were very
Impressed with Love & Honey!Small but nice place with their own style of fried chicken, biscuits and a few other options. Not an extensive menu but what I ate was delicious!!! I recommend highly if your in the mood for a quality fried chicken dinner that tastes delicious.
The food tasted high quality and well made, the staff was extremely friendly,  and they told me 8-12 mins for my order and it was ready in 3!  Can't say the speed is always that way but I was impressed.
Try it and support a local business, it was definitely worth it.
Note: right on front street under the EL train, didn't notice a sign so keep your eyes sharp!This chicken is very juicy and the batter is super flakey and crunchy. What hit me immediately when I bit into it is how sweet it is. In addition, there seems to be quite a bit of celery salt. The meat itself is very tender, and I've read that they do an 8-hour brine that is definitely noticeable. 
Solid chicken, just very sweet and expensive. Considering that they source their chicken and make sure that it has no antibiotics and are cage-free, I'll pay for the extra mile.  
Their cornbread is unforgettable. It's sweet and has a moist texture. Make sure you top it with the house honey butter.Their food was great. I rarely say that fried chicken is delicious but it is. The sweet potato pie was delicious as well. And I love me some sweet potato pies. The atmosphere and service was great. I'm definitely going back.Everything was fantastic! Crunchy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Blueberry crumble was awesome! Planned part of my trip to be able to attend the restaurant. 5 stars!This is the best fried chicken place I've been to in Philadelphia. It's located in between northern liberties and fishtown, with plenty of free street parking around the area. The place doesn't have many spots for seating, about 10 bar seats, which is the only downside to the place. But that's it. Everything else is great. Starting from the staff, who's friendly and efficient. The chicken, now the chicken, it's chicken from heaven. The batter is on the thicker side (just to my liking) and is very crispy. Each bite is so crunchy AND juicy. The mac and cheese is also a must choose. The cornbread is moist, though a little crumbly, and the flavor is very good. With the butter they give you it's just the side for the delicious chicken. There are other sides that I'd like to try that was on the menu that all look and sound great. There is a wide selection of bottled drinks and sodas to complement the fried nature of the chicken and it's perfection. I will definitely visit this place again, whether for dine in or take out. If you love chicken, if you love fried chicken.... Go to this place!Was fortunate enough to come here the first day or two they were open. And it was probably the best fried chicken I've ever had. But yelp wants me to keep writing, so here we go. The employees were warm and friendly, and the service was only surpassed by the quality of the homemade pies (and the chicken. Of course.) There are so many fantastic restaurants in Philly, but I expect to find the time for a trip here every time I'm in town.This was by far THE BEST fried chicken I have ever had in Philly! The skin is very crispy and flavorful and soft and moist on the inside. Their corn bread muffins are also amazing topped with their honey butter. If you walk in and place an order, it will take some time before you get your order since they can be pretty busy. It is best to call it in ahead of time before you make your way there! I highly recommend this place and will be returning again.Let me start by being totally upfront with you. I am related to the couple that owns Love & Honey Fried Chicken. I am Laura Lyons' younger sister. But don't stop reading. If you have a sibling than you might understand that I would jump at the chance to criticize my big sister if I could. And while I can criticize her taste in music or the clothes she wears I can NOT find fault with her restaurant or the food she and her husband have created. I am filled with pride for Laura and Todd. I saw the time, energy and love they put into creating Love & Honey Fried Chicken and it was worth all the effort. 
Today I came to visit from Austin, TX - a place known for great fried chicken - to check out Love & Honey with the critical eye of a little sister. Here are a few highlights:
The fried chicken and chicken wings are the best I've ever had. They are juicy on the inside and so crunchy on the outside. The hint of honey made for a delightful flavor. I ate WAY too much of the chicken. Usually I'm a sides kind of gal but I could eat this chicken all day!
The mac & cheese was so creamy and delicious that I actually got angry that Laura and Todd had never made it for me before. 
The Key Lime Pie was so good. Tart in all the right places. I particularly liked the crust. 
I got to taste most everything and really it was all good. The slaw, potato salad, collard greens and of course the cornbread muffins. 
Really, it was all good?? Yes, it was. I couldn't find ANYTHING to criticize? No...and I really tried! I even love their selection of drinks in the cooler. Please check it out. Bring a friend or even your sibling!!Amazing!!!
Sooo this is the best fried chicken in the city in a very long time. Fried chicken drizzled with honey how could you not love that? I had the greens with slices of turkey and the shells and cheese and the potato salad in my opinion try them all!!!! Amelia (I hope that's how you spell it) you Rock girl it was nice meeting you. Ty Keep it going and don't change those recipes I will definitely be back ASAP!Got the 3 PIECE as takeout and it was delish! Came with 1 full breast, 1 thigh, 1 drum, cornbread muffin and honeybutter. My husband got the Nashville Hot Fried Chicken Sandwich and he loved it. He ranked it up there with Royals Hot Chicken in Kentucky. Next time I want to try their pies!!Ok, so I'm made it my personal mission to find the most delicious chicken sandwich in PHL this summer. I won't lie and say I've tried them all - although I've tried, but this bad boy here! Whew! 
The bun is perfectly toasted and buttered. The slaw has this tangy sweet dill thing going for it. The chicken breast is fried fresh, and is super crispy and juicy. Then it's topped with pickles. I usually go for the Nashville hot - it's got a nice kick to it.
they also have corn bread with honey butter.
 *pro-tip*: buy extra and keep them in the fridge for rolls, biscuits, whatever just do it you'll thank me later I promise.Love and honey is a great place for a quick pick me up! The staff and overall service is really fantastic. It pains me to give them 3 stars. I grew up eating fried chicken, I've also had fried chicken at some surrounding restaurants in the city and nearby. 
I think if you're into having more of a real honey taste in your chicken - this is perfect. I found the chicken to be too sweet and not crunchy enough for me. The Mac and cheese was good but it was hard not to think I could have made it on my own. 
Again, this is a great place for all the right reasons in regards to service and staff. They have great packaging and I even enjoy the great lengths they go to provide great cage free chicken. 
Good place. Just not the best I've taste in fried chicken.My first time to Love and Honey. The very first time I attempted to go they were all sold out of chicken and closed early, although discouraging I took it as a good sign that the chicken was just that good. However, upon actually getting the chance to sample the fare I was a bit underwhelmed. I got the three piece meal which came with a leg, thigh and breast and corn bread. The chicken portions were decently sized but I was a bit disappointed that the meal didn't come with at least one more side for the price. The chicken itself was just ok..lightly drizzled in honey it wasn't bad just nothing to write home about. My GF got some mac and cheese and to be honest it was almost completely devoid of flavor. The best thing I thought was the corn bread and the butter they provided. Pretty good. Also the seating really is sparse so if crowded good luck sitting down and they do require you to ask for a key to use the restroom which for that area of the city was a bit baffling to me. Overall I would not discourage anyone from coming here..its decent chicken just not super amazing or anything. Oh the customer service was very good though. Nice folks.***Must try!!!!!***
Don't hesitate to come the palace of fried chicken.  The hype is real here.  One of the best fried chicken I have ever had.  This place made me enjoy white meat!!!  Take a trip and taste the food, you will understand how I'm feeling.  
It's a small place. But the chicken is to die for. Fresh made to order chicken.  $10 for 3 pieces (breast, thigh and leg) and cornbread no substitutes.  The Chicken was done in about 15 min.  It was piping hot and fried to perfection.   The skin was so crispy and the flesh of the meat was so juicy as I broke it open the juice was flowing out.   The message was also very flavorful. U can tell this place puts love in the chicken.   I ate all three pieces plus half of the cornbread.  And I felt like a kid on Christmas day. So happy and satisfied with joy. That I found such a delicious piece of fried chicken. 
 The chicken is also drizzled with some honey.  I would tell them to put the honey on the side next time. I like my chicken salty.  But it was still delicious.  I will be coming back for more.  And they also Have chicken sandwiches that looked amazing as well.
They also have handmade pies. I haven't tried them out but they looked amazing!!!Maybe I got a burnt batch but I'd probably go 2 1/2 stars on the chicken. A little too dark for my tastes. I opted to not have the honey poured over it. My co-worker and I went together for takeout. He wasn't overwhelmed either. I'd probably pick Federal and Acme's pressure cooked chicken over them. The collard greens were very good and the chocolate cream pie was tasty as well. 
After looking at photos of their chicken on line I'm convinced I got a burnt batch-I'll have to be fair and try it again some time. I'll stay with a solid 3 for now.The fried chicken was good, but a little too sweet for my liking. It was crispy, which was a plus and the corn bread muffin was delicious.Kept hearing about this place, heard good things about the chicken and Mac and cheese. Got there and the cashier told me the Mac and cheese was took off the menu that's what I really came for! Chicken still was good. Just think they should bring back the Mac and cheese or add some type of hot side to the menu. Very nice staff tho, clean inside and super cute store!! Loved the chickenAll I wanted was mac and cheeses so I stopped in and I came out with the wings, potato salad and corn muffins. The mac is not offered right now. I am by far a fried chicken expert. In fact, I dont even eat meat regularly, but they mastered fried chicken in my book! The meat actually fell off the bone. I have never had fried chicken that did that. The breading was perfect and crispy. No noticeable "bald spots". That is what I call parts of the chicken where the breading fell off and it is naked. I didn't use any sauces, just the honey and that worked for me. My co-worker and I are now in a bet to see if this place is better than his favorite place.  This should be fun! 
Definitely plan to come back.i saw this place on uwishunu and talked my husband into taking the subway up to Girard, it was a very short walk from the station.  boy was it good.  best fried chicken I've ever had! and the pesto potato salad was good too.  we will have to remember this one for when friends are in town.  I would highly recommend seating is barstools in the windows but worked just file.Cornbread and honey butter was out of this world and the chicken was it's passenger on the ride.Great fried chicken and mac and cheese I would recommend this spot if your in the areaMy husband and I just love this place.
 Today we tasted the chicken sandwiches for the first time and they were wonderful.  Just the right combination of everything on it.  The potato salad is great too.
  We took home the sweet potato pie with the toasted marshmallow on top.  That was delicious. In the past we have had the banana cream and that was great too.
  Like we told the owner, as soon as we have been there we start planning a return visit !
  Everyone is super friendly and you will love everything they have !I really wanted to like this place but, its way to expensive for the food you get.  The fried chicken is legit.  Definitely ranks up there as high quality friend chicken but, at $5 sides that are "meh" at best is makes this place really disappointing.  I spent $20 on 3 pieces of chicken a large cornbread muffin and 2 sides.  I'm not saying I need a bucket of chicken but, the price is way too steep for most people.  The mac n' cheese while presented nicely, had a strange flavor to me, I wanted to like it only took a few bites.  And the collards, were extremely underwhelming especially if you know how collards "should taste."  Overall, I don't think I'll go back but, its always nice to try to support local when you can.Just stop. If you are looking for the best fried Chicken in the city this is it. My only regret in eating here is I ordered a three piece meal with a side of the collard greens and it was just too much food. I really wanted to have room for dessert. My advice would be to enter Honeys with a friend, split the 3 piece meal, have your side of choice and save some room for the lucious dessert options. Oh and the corn bread, moist, delicious and absolutely perfect. Good luck to this establisment and the owners, I hope you remain in the city for a good long time.Hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Such a warm and inviting crew.  Waay beyond expectations. Cole slaw is on point. Ill be back every week. Check out their bathroom for a good smile. :)Very delicious fried chicken! My friend ordered the sandwich, but I didn't try, looks good though!This place is the bomb.com - first yelp review here. Best fried chicken I ever had - delicious when served cold too ! Took the owners advice and did not even reheat it just went to town and housed it.  Honeybutter and cornbread ...amazeballs. Mac and cheese with bread crumbs - not enough places use bread crumbs #clutchmove Redskinned potato salad was on point as well - too stuffed to eat my dessert right now but how could it not be amazing based on everything else I had - and also super close to my place so I'll be coming back often.  Thanks for making the neighborhood home!GREAT fried chicken, GREAT sides (especially the potato salad) GREATTTTT cornbread w/ honey butter, and even better owners & staff!!! What's not to love?!Quite possibly the most unique review I've written...we were in town to watch a comedy show and decided to stop by this new chicken place (only opened for about a month). Didn't know anything about it but the fact that it was a 5 min walk from Philly Punchline & the Fillmore. 
When you walk in the first thing I notice is the decor. Up scale, very clean & simple, and the menus are chalkboard, one for chicken another for sides and one for pies (yes they do pies too). That's it. Then you get this beautiful aroma of chicken and pie.
My wife and I ordered a 6 piece (came with 2 pieces of cornbread) thinking that should be enough. When we got our food the pieces were huge! The smell was amazing and once I took my first bite I was hooked...you get a wonderful crunch from the outside and very juicy inside, so juicy I used the cornbread to soak it all up to not waste any of it. From the spices to the honey drizzle and perfectly fried skin, it's really good chicken. I've had my fair share of chicken and this is up there.
And when I said a unique review I meant it. Before we left my wife and I used the facilities. We proceeded to leave and head to the comedy show later to realize that my wife lost her money. We looked everywhere that night with no luck. The next day my wife took a chance and called Love & Honey hoping that maybe someone found it. Lo and behold one of the owners found it in the bathroom that night and held onto it hoping that we'd call. We came over that day and thanked them by ordering a ton of chicken and pie cause why not.
The reason I shared that is because there are still good people in this world. They could have easily not said anything and no one would know. but they didn't. And for that we'll be eternally grateful for their honesty and genuine good hearts. Oh and by the way, they're pretty good at cooking awesome comfort food.Visiting Fishtown from Maine. Looking for something fun and tasty. Walked past this and thought it sounded good. Got take out later. TASTY isn't enough! That's some Tasty Tasty Bird!! If your thinking of it, DO IT! 
Our niece and nephew who we're visiting are converts! Thanks So Much. 
If you really Do want to open one up in Maine. Call me!! Mid Coast Maine would embrace this!!Yo. This place is the best. Stumbled upon it while on a music tour that came through philly. Thought "I've only got a limited amount of time to grab food. Fried chicken never let me down" and let me tell you, this place does NOT disappoint. 
Made to order friend chicken that is made IN FRONT OF YOU WHILE YOU WAIT. Reasonably priced and the staff is so friendly and nice. And the chicken. Let me tell you about the chicken. The skin was nice and perfectly crispy. The chicken itself was moist and not over cooked and dry like I find with most local friend chicken places. And then the hot sauce they had was some of the best hot sauce ever. To top it all off I got a cornbread muffin with honey butter and it basically melted in my mouth. 
5/5 stars. Would definitely go backMy boyfriend took me here yesterday. I ordered the chicken legs and they where amazing. The place is really clean but it's not a sit down restaurant though. The Mac n cheese was ok. I wouldn't order it again. The customer service was great everyone was pleasant and I love how they hired a multi culture staff. Very rare for a comfort food place. I hating having to ask the counter for a key to use the bathroom. I witness at least 5 people pass it around and I was thinking that can't be sanitary. I hope they get a key pad soon for their bathroom like the ones at Starbucks.VERY DISAPPOINTED!!! Last night  I decided to finally order some Love & Honey Fried Chicken. I wanted to try it for months now. So since I'm in the hospital  and I could order it using Uber Eats I did. When I got the chicken I was so excited to finally taste this chicken that has all of these rave reviews. When I opened the box of chicken it looked like it was going to be delicious and flavorful. It was still hot which was a plus. Unfortunately that's where everything went down hill. When I ripped into my chicken breast I noticed that there was so much fat on the chicken. The skin underneath the crust of the chicken was rubbery and thick. Also there was something "slimy" for lack of a better word on the chicken as well. Not to mention that this chicken was under seasoned. It was bland. No flavor what so ever. So basically it was just a pretty unseasoned piece of fat slime chicken. Now I did order the key lime pie. The pie was very delicious. It was the only part of the meal I enjoyed. Which is where the 1 star rating came from.This place is made me addicted with their Fried Chicken. I got 3 pieces of chicken. And I ate them all!! They are different then any other Fried Chicken. I can taste the sweetness of honey. And some other spice taste like a celery or something. That's the one made this Fried Chicken so different. But one thing I really sad is far from my house. I don't like the area around there but it just made this place a hidden gems. Glad Caviar will deliver this place so I ordered and got delivered to my house. 
It still good for the next day.This was without a doubt the best fried chicken I have ever had! My girlfriend and I also ordered mac and cheese along with the chocolate cream pie dessert. Both were delicious. The corn bread with honey butter was nothing short of perfect. The owners (Todd and Laura) were warm, friendly, and personable, despite being hard at work. The same goes for the rest of the staff. I live in Bucks County about a half hour away (depending on traffic) and I will happily drive there often knowing what awaits me at the end my my trip. I couldn't ask for more from my new, favorite fried chicken spot. Well done Laura, Todd, and staff! Five stars :)I was in Philly for 2 weekends on a row I wanted to try this eatery place because of what I read on the reviews. Moreover I just wanted some good fried chicken . I went to this restaurant around 6 pm they were closed because they had no more chicken available . Second time I happen to arrive around 7 pm they were closed again because no more chicken ... well if you have valuable time to waste go this place .. ....Heard about this place for months and finally tried it and I was not disappointed! We came on a Thursday evening and got the OG chicken sandwich and 3 piece fried chicken. The wait was a little long but that's because everything is made from scratch! The chicken is sooooo crispy and juicy it was delicious. The place is small and they only have a few counter seats so plan ahead because I can easily see this place becoming crowded on the weekends.I ordered the 3 peaces chiken and came with cornbread and honey-butter on the side. So good! Extra crunchy kind of sweet honey flavor. 
I got it just made and really fast. They had delicious sides too. I was looking for the onion dip, but unfortunately is discontinued. 
Also is located closed to the Piazza where restaurants pretty much sucks, that is the exception !  you can get your order and eat chiken at the piazza in one of the movies days.
I will order again and again and again..I'm a big fan of all things fried chicken, and this honey fried chicken might just be the best I've had. They fry their chicken order, so it gets served piping hot, with heavenly cornbread and honey butter. The pimento Mac and Cheese is good and adds some spice to the meal. Finish your experience with a slice of pie. The pecan pie was a revelation. One of the most satisfying meals I've had in recent memory. Will definitely be back again and again!Took a while to get the fried chicken, but the wait was worthwhile. Not much seating space, there's only stools, but it worked out. Had a chicken breast, side of potato salad, the sweet potato pie, and cornbread muffin with butter. I think the picture of the pie speaks for itself. Would highly recommend checking this place out. The chicken was really really moist. High price point, but there was a substantial amount of meat on the piece of breast. And I was really full at the end of the meal.Really wanted to love this place but was sadly disappointed.  After reading some prior reviews I was expecting really tasty perfectly cooked chicken. . We got chicken that was on the borderline of being burnt,  ( it was almost a dark brown vs a nice golden color) pretty dry and very bland . The cornbread was very good but not worth it based on the chicken alone .  Hopefully our order was just a fluke since they were really new when I was there and hopefully still working the kinks out but for the price  they should be perfect every time.This is probably the Best Fried Chicken that we have ever had..... I'm a big guy so fried chicken is definitely my expertise lol but we've eaten at just about every highly rated chicken spot in the States and this one is the best by far. Chicken is cooked to order and the white meat breast is so juicy that you would even think that is the traditional "white meat". Would recommend to everyoneThis is seriously the best fried chicken I have ever had in my life. The drumsticks were out of this world. I could eat that cornbread forever. I will be going back next time they are open.First time here, just took my first Bite and........Writing this review already. This Chicken sandwich is SLAMMING   Wait!!!!  Let me try the corn muffin. OMG OMG!!!! Fantastic, I must leave soon because i can easily over eat substantially in this placeThis place rocks ..fried chicken heaven 
..I'm a real big eater & love fried chicken ..but even i had trouble finishing the 3 pieces .
Breast was huge ..sides were great and very reasonably priced
 ..yes that corn bread is to die for ..I'm was never  a fan of corn bread..
However I'm a big fan of this one ..huge serving and so yummy 
You see them make everything from scratch right there..chicken from an organic farm in  Delaware some one mentioned .
These kind folks had a vision to open up South of Girard on Front st. 
Offer an amazing value and great food.
Lets all patronage a most deserving and welcome addition to our neighborhood.
Thank you & Good Luck Mr & Mrs OwnersAs a connoisseur of nashville hot chicken, I've been looking for someone to get it right in philly, and I think I just found the place. The chicken was freshly fried and cooked perfectly with the right amount of crunch to balance the tenderness of the meat. The sauce stole the show though. The exact level of heat counterbalanced with maybe a little brown suga?? Not exactly sure, but it was superb. Can't wait to have it again!So many wonderful things can be said about Love & Honey. The chicken is the most fantastic combo of crispy and juicy, and the honey that is drizzled on top adds just the right amount of sweetness.  I'm a thigh girl at heart, but tried the new whole wings tonight and must say that they are legit the perfect ratio of juicy chicken to crispy coating. It's the same type of magical balance that makes Oreo Thins so great. The cornbread, deviled eggs, and pickles are equally amazing and, I'm not ashamed to say, I've literally eaten the honey butter straight up with a spoon on multiple occasions.  Don't judge - once you try it, you'll understand.  Same goes for the ridiculousness that is the chicken sandwich which I cannot even begin to describe.  Every time I go in, my goal is to resist the pie of the month and I have never succeeded.  I have also not once regretted my complete lack of willpower. The recent PB and Bacon has been my favorite I think.  On top of all of that, Chefs Todd and Laura are genuinely awesome people who are so passionate about making phenomenal food.  Definitely give Love & Honey a whirl - you will be so glad you did!What hidden gem right outside of downtown Philly! The best fried chicken I've had in quite awhile!! Chicken was juicy and perfectly fried! The corn bread  was delicious and even the butter was pretty amazing!! I am coming back here every time we visit Philly!!Wow. Just wow. I was wondering why I was waiting over 10 minutes for my food. They made it from scratch, they always do. I'm a little happy with the lack of variety for soda, but this place is different. 
Damn, that chicken. Unlike anything I've ever tasted. It's so difficult to describe, but its gotta be the freshest chicken I've ever tasted, and the breading is unbelievable. I'd be lucky if I can ever find a place like this in NY. It's got a very homecooked feel to it.This place is amazing pumping out quality stuff no Greece fresh awesome stuff great staff prob the best fried chicken in philadelphia hands downThis place has some Bomb.com fried chicken!!! I've had my fair share of delicious and not so delicious fried chicken in my life, and I can say this is some of the best I've ever had. You can tell that Laura and Todd, with their extensive culinary backgrounds got this recipe right. You can tell by the crispness of the chicken, and the flavor of the crust that they really poured their love into this place and the food. And the combination of the honey and hot sauce  drizzle is the icing on the cake. Throw in some delicious cornbread, mac and cheese, and sweet potato pie, and you have a great addition to the NoLibs/Fishtown food scene. Keep up the good work L&H and will definitely be coming back for more of that delicious, soulful fried chicken!Love & Honey is a great addition to the neighborhood. I've eaten there once and the chicken and cornbread were both great. 
I work in the area and am always looking for new places to try. Unfortunately they are not open during lunch hours - although they have been advertising lunch hours coming soon. I would visit often if they were open for lunch...so maybe it's better they aren't. Patiently waiting!The chicken was nice and warm....fresh!!!!. I think my expectations may have been a little higher because of what I had reviewed. The best chicken I've ever had was Roscoe's Chicken and Waffle but I'm not upset at this place at all. The cornbread muffin was good but great with the butter on top. The mac and cheese was ok. I like the Ambiance in the restaurant. Very cute. I would definitely come here again.I have been all over looking for the best fried chicken and this is by far THE BEST! If you're lucky enough to be there when they are serving the fried chicken sandwich it is a MUST TRY! Not to mention their service is amazing! The owner has been there a few times when I was there is very friendly and really wants to ensure his customers have a good experience.I know it may be hard to believe, but I've never actually had fried chicken before. So when I heard about this new restaurant opening up in our neighborhood I was excited to try it out.  With all the previous great reviews I expected it to be pretty good. When we first arrived, we were promptly greeted and noticed how clean the place was kept. We ordered a 3 piece chicken, extra cornbread, cheese shells and a banana pudding and chocolate pie to go. Luckily, it wasn't too crowded and only took about 5 minutes to get our food. It was a nice touch that everything was made to order and even our desserts were put together right in front of us. 
When we got home I tried the chicken first. I was very pleasantly surprised! I can't believe it's taken me this long to try fried chicken! It was sweet, flavorful, crunchy and moist all at the same time! I've roasted many chickens before, but this was much better than I ever made. Next up was the cheesy shells, they were really good as well and I liked the breadcrumbs on top. The cornbread with honey butter was also a nice treat! Everything was so filling that we'll have to wait until later to try the desserts, but if they're even half as delicious as dinner then we'll be happy! So glad to have this new addition in the neighborhood!I could try to explain how amazing is this chicken, but I worry my words will not do it justice.  I will simply say it's perfect - every piece in the 6 piece bucket is always perfectly crispy and juicy, including the breast.  A lot of attention to detail went into this recipe and it's ongoing preparation. Oh, and the pies are incredible too. This place is a must try.After seeing the photos and reviews on yelp my boyfriend and I decide to visit today. The place was clean, had attentive staff and menu was easily visible. My boyfriend and I are not fried chicken eaters but we LOVED it. We also loved the price. It came to around 25 dollars which is very reasonable for two for dinner in fishtown/nolibs. We got six pieces and mac and cheese. We didn't even finish all of it!
There is no doubt that we will be back. The biggest downside was that there was not much seating. All the seats along the wall were filled (which is always a great sign) but there were only about ten stools. My boyfriend and I live in south philly, so we took a Lyft there and was disappointed that we couldn't eat there. Also there was no outdoor seats. Since we both know the area we decided to head up Frankford ave and found outdoor seating. II had fried chicken wings, loaded potato salad and banana pudding. It was all delicious. The fried chicken was well cooked and crispy. The banana pudding is from scratch so no artificial banana flavoring bs. The loaded potato salad was also good my first time having it. Staff very friendly and knowledgeable as well.Chicken is sooo good. Seasoned so well, didn't try any sides. But I did get the wings and I would definitely go back ! The only downside was that I didn't get to try the Mac and cheese. Only cold sides in the winter. But the cornbread was amazing as well.I got the 3 pc and a side of pickles. All great. Awesome spot if you are waiting for a concert at the Fillmore.This fried chicken is the best fried chicken I've had since my grandmother made me fried chicken as a boy.
What I like about it is the crispiness of the crust... so few restaurants do this right.
My friend Chef Todd Lyons and his wife Laura are the owners.
Chef Todd is  the one frying up these chickens fresh right before you enjoy them.
Go support his restaurant and get some fabulous fried chicken.
But don't take my word for it, read The Philadelphia Inquirer's review...
http://bit.ly/2GPisFqLove the atmosphere of this establishment...... very limited seating but I like the feel of this place. We enjoyed our visit here for the first time but we will be back!! We noticed we didn't get a chicken wing with our six piece but that's OK the chicken was pretty goodI was looking for a new place for dinner and had read about there fried chicken.  I had a little trouble finding the place needed to use WAZE to start but easy place to find with navigation.  The sides were excellent especially the cornbread, my wife is not a fan of cornbread and she commented on how good it was.  Fun place to hang out and the service was friendly and very quick.  I really liked the preparation of the chicken, the batter was perfect and meat was very moist.  The disappointment was the seasoning of the chicken it was bland and a big disappointment given all the other positives with the chicken.  I recommend that you try them out as they are new and hopefully adjust.Wow!!. This was our first time and we met another first timer as we waited for our order. Let's just say we were super excited. I am not from the city so being able to find a close parking spot was great! The employees here are wonderful! Everyone worked together and pay close attention to how your overall experience is. We wanted to try everything but was informed that they no longer offer the greens. :( I am not sure if they still offer the Mac and Cheese as it was not on the menu to day that we visited. However, all the food is fresh and homemade!! We will be back..The name of the restaurant says it all. Every succulent piece of chicken I devoured with my carnivore style teeth was tender while the juices running across my taste buds kept me going back for more. The moment you add their hot sauce you know you have found the right balance between too hot and too mild, similar to the sound of Frank Sinatra voice. I count down the months, days, hours and seconds until my travel endeavors passes my through the city of brotherly love so that I can be reunited with the wings that I'll be dreaming about for years to come as I try to find someone to live up to the standard that is Love & Honey.We got there right when the doors opened with some hardcore fried chicken eaters who drove up from Delaware. We were greeted with smiley and attentive service right away. The chicken was the best I've ever had and sides were fantastic as well.  Considering I wanted to sleep the rest of the day after I over ate all of this gloriousness, next time I plan to stick to a breast and a slice of pie and call it a day! Don't let this stop you from trying it all. Congrats on a great spot and we can't wait to come back. *tip, there is only counter seating so plan to take ur food to go and eat in the Piazza*The muffin is the best!! Fried chicken is flavorful and has a touch of celery flavor. Staff is friendly. Food comes out kinda slow. It's like 20 mins wait for one order.Sooooooooo good. You know when you're about to eat and the Southern locals say how good the chicken is, you're in the right place.Everything about my visit was fantastic! There were 6 people in our group so in addition to our entrees we ordered and shared a bunch of sides! The fried chicken has a light and crispy coating but the meat is flavorful and moist. This chicken reminded me of my grandmother's (from Alabama) fried chicken- it represents true southern cooking! The sides were all delicious- but don't pass up the deviled eggs or the pickles!!!! The desserts are all homemade on the premises - the Pear Pie was so light and delicious and the Elvis Pie ( Peanut Butter Banana Cream ) was just so decadent - you won't want to share it!  The staff is pleasant and accommodating. The owners Todd and Laura were both behind the counter during our visit working hard to crank out pure delicious-ness! Bring your appetite and Enjoy!I'm giving this a two star review due to the customer service.  My husband and I live in MD but are originally from the area and were visiting family.  I stumbled upon this restaurant on Instagram.. saw pics and immediately had to try it the next time we were in the area.  So we head to the restaurant and arrive at 7:30pm to see a sign on the door that said sold out and we'll see you Tuesday.  Needless to say we were super bummed as we were stopping on our way back to MD.  Two people came to the door to inform me that they were indeed sold out, they had a crazy weekend as Questlove had tweeted about their restaurant and there was a mad rush on their restaurant causing them to sell out of chicken an hour ago.  While that's cool, it still doesn't help to resolve my issue of not being able to purchase food. I did express my disappointment and mentioned we were from out of town, they seemed extremely apologetic and then there was the comment that the restaurant wasn't that far and I could always come back.  While it may have been a joke, I would say it was not the most appropriate one considering that it is a 2.5 hour ride one way from Philly to where I live... and I don't take that lightly.  With that being said, I never had the opportunity to taste the chicken.  The main thing that the restaurant serves is chicken and regardless of who tweeted anything, if you run out of the only thing you serve at 6:30pm and you're slated to be open until 9pm, that's a problem.  As a customer I'm not going to check instagram or twitter to see if you ran out of chicken.. because you're a chicken place.. I expect you would have your main dish.  You may run out of wings, legs, but chicken altogether... doesn't make sense and hence the two star review.  With that we headed to Foghorn... and to my surprise a chicken place had chicken to serve.. and it was good.  I think I'll pass on this place.  Should I try again, I'll certainly update the review.I ordered wings from Love & Honey through the Caviar app and was not disappointed! The chicken was crispy, juicy and delicious. We also ordered sides of Mac n cheese, greens and cornbread. To be honest, I was less than impressed with the sides. Greens didn't have much flavor and were a bit under cooked, Mac and cheese was bland and the cornbread was very dry. The chicken wings made up for all of that tho. Next time I'll order the chicken and make my own sides to eat it with.There's fried chicken and FRIED CHICKEN, this is the latter. Tried a little bit of everything since it was our first time and was pretty impressed with all the items. Best thing? The leftovers...eaten cold and still crispy!!Bomb.  JNN chicken and Bonchon Chicken and cafe Soho chicken good times two.  Enough saidI don't usually go back to the same restaurants, but I have already been here twice in the last two weeks.
I have tried the 3 piece chicken, the chicken sandwich, and cornbread.
The fried chicken here lives up to every great review you have ever read. It has tender meat, perfectly crispy skin, and is slightly sweetened with honey.
The sandwich was definitely one of the best fried chicken sandwiches I have had, but the bread and sauces are a little bland and take away from the fried chicken. I wouldn't get it again, mostly because the 3 piece is so good.
Both times I went, there was no mac and cheese available. I am hoping to try it soon!Best fried chicken that I have ever had!! 15 minutes to wait for the wings but it was worth every minute. They also had a chicken sandwich today that looked delectable. Highly recommend this placeNo cornbread, what a shame... Opening weekend, will update when I have the full experience. Quaint little chicken spot. If you want great Crispy chicken - this is your place! BYOB. (Poor review for no cornbread only)I had been following the launch of Love & Honey on Instagram and had wanted desperately to check them out since they opened this little NoLibs spot a few weeks ago. 
We ordered the 6 piece combo with cornbread for $18.50 along with a side of shells and cheese. This ended up being a LOT of chicken. The pieces themselves were huge, the size of my whole face. While I liked the crunchy, thick exterior I wish it stuck better to the chicken and that the chicken meat had a little more flavor- either sweetness or spice would have helped. The cornbread was good but not as moist as I like and the shells weren't a standout either. Perhaps the flavor kinks will be worked out as the restaurant matures. I still would return to try the pies.Chicken was crispy and stayed crispy after sitting in my car while I went to work. I like the honey hot sauce. It really balances it out. Will definitely be returning for more. Especially, since I got a discount through caviar. Definitely, recommend.WOAHHHH MAMA now that's what I call fried chicken. Just stopped in town for a show at the Fillmore and walked around the corner to this cool little spot. Sandwich takes between 10-15 because they do it on the spot (I think it makes a difference - in a good way). Chicken sandwich was juicy - definitely some dill in the OG. biscuit was sweet and delicious honey butter was crazy as hell. They have local honey and their own coffee - pretty pretttyyyy hip (again in a good way)This place is pretty much close to perfection when it comes to fried chicken. Most places get the drumstick right but the thigh and/or breast gets dry because of the thickness and white meat...but not the case here. I opted for the 3 piece meal with cornbread and every piece was juicy, freshly made to order and perfectly golden crispy, even though it wasn't all dark meat. The cornbread was also perfect and paired well with the lightly honeyed butter included in the meal. The other sides also sounded good and will likely try out the homemade cole slaw or pickles next time to balance out the fatty chicken. Also, try to save some room for the pies which are also equally delicious and equally photogenic. I shared the sweet potato pie (highly recommended as per other reviewers) and the pie of the month (banana and peanut butter cream pie with candied bacon on top) and was in awe at the large size of the slice and sweet perfection. Apparently, there were also oreo-swirled cookies that looked amazing though I was way too full at this point. Extremely friendly staff also made the experience memorable and I will definitely be back soon!Ordering on caviar for delivery. Got the OG and Nashville hot chicken sandwiches... AMAZING. Sandwiches didn't stand a chance and were devoured in minutes. Will definitely be back to order and try more. Their store is super cute and fits right in with the fishtown area.Absolutely the best chicken  I ever had! Everything was delicious and the staff was extra friendly. I'm just so mad my Bf said no pics ... he wanted me to enjoy my meal instead. If I did have pics just imagine crispy outside and juicy inside chicken with corn bread and butter!I was excited to try this place and reading all of the five star reviews is somewhat confusing to me. Five stars for cleanliness and no issues at all with the service, but the chicken had no flavor. Maybe we just went on a bad night? I came with three others and we all agreed the chicken left something to be desired. The sides were all very good though.The shells and cheese were creamy with a subtle flavor. The mashed sweet potatoes were very smooth and full of flavor, I didn't try the collard greens my friend was happy with them. Because the overall experience (service, the side dishes, atmosphere) was still good I will probably come back and try the chicken again, but unfortunately the chicken just wasn't doing it for me this time.Everyone was super nice, especially the girl who rang us up, she was awesome!!! The banana pudding, cornbread and greens were tasty but the chicken was so fatty, I took one bite and got so much grease in my mouth that my stomach turned. We got a six piece, my fiance tried to salvage as much meat as we could but threw so much of it away, it was such a waste! The skin was crunchy but we couldn't enjoy it because of how fatty it was! If we ever go again, it'll only be for the sides!
In response to Laura since I don't know how to comment back to her: we absolutely would have but we took it to go and were at Spruce St Harbor Park at that point. Again, the cashier was LOVELY!Chicken is AMAZING..Awesome flavor, really crispy! Sides can really use some work. The.mac & cheese is AWFUL; the flavor is bland and the cheese a bit gritty...they also serve it to me cold with a cold crumbled Ritz cracker topping. Definitely skip that side!THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME CELEBRATE NATIONAL FRIED CHICKEN DAY! I got 8 pieces delivered with 2 sides and my god it was piping hot when it got here! soooo good!
all the other reviews say how the chicken is very sweet? i love spicy food but i didn't get too much sweetness from this which is good! the pieces were HUGE and the crispyness was on point. the cornbread has a strange flower esque flavor which was interesting. the potato chips with the onion dip were soooo good. the mac and cheese could have a little bit more seasoning but still eatable.
i would definitely get this delivered again and again and again.Wow! Randomly found this gem on yelp. I will be going back and sending others! Fog Horns, acme and Lukoil haha, you better watch out). There's a new (literally opened 6 months ago) fried chicken spot in town and it's sooo good! 
They drop to serve, we waited like 10-15 minutes and ate inside. Small seating area only bar stools for about 10-15. More of a pick up and go type of place. We got 14 wings, side of greens, Mac and cheese and 2 cornbread muffins = about $35. Chicken is best, could do without the rest. Cornbread is second, greens, then Mac and cheese. Very friendly staff, Amelia was great. 
I'm supposed to be stepping up my clean eating but finding this place didn't help . Perfectly crispy golden chicken was to die for. 
Tip: If your not into hot sauce (they make their own) ask for a side of the their homemade honey drizzle on the side. They don't have BBQ sauce, ketchup or anything else besides hot sauce and ranch. That's the only down side. But the chicken was so good you don't need any of it.ALWAYS DELICIOUS! Owners Todd and Laura are the NICEST people, and turn out amazing old-school fried chicken, great cornbread with to-die-for honey butter, and other super tasty sides. It's in an out of the way pocket in the neighborhood, right under the EL tracks, but if you were at The Fillmore, Philadelphia Distilling, Barcade, etc the restaurant is right there. Even by car, you're just off Delaware Ave by only two blocks, so it's an easy hit and run if that's your preference. They close early-ish some nights, and they also can sell out of chicken, but the food is well worth taking the shot. Be sure to check it out!This chicken looked better than it tasted.
While service was decent, the food didn't really live up to the expectations I had. As a foodie, I came from out of town and I was looking for a yummy place to spend my coins. I got a 6 piece meal, potato salad, and sweet potato pie. 
The chicken wasn't bad, but it wasn't flavorful. Nice crunch but no flavor, I've had better chicken from Royal Farms. I did enjoy the cornbread though. The potato salad was nothing to write about, but the sweet potato pie was well-worth the money. 
Overall, I spent $30 here and honestly regretted it. Probably would only go back for the cornbread.I went here yesterday for the second time and didn't think it could get any better. The first time I went with the 3 piece meal and tore those pieces apart - much like the raptors in Jurassic Park demolished the poor little cow...sans sound effects...and this was poor delicious little chicken parts.  The second time I decided to try the Nashville Hot sandwich and holy "S," I was pretty sad when it was over. I couldn't pinpoint what they use in their seasoning, but it's fantastic. It's definitely hot (get some water), but not so much as to over power the taste of the chicken or it's awesome crunchy fried goodness. It comes with a ranch sauce, pickles and homemade coleslaw (which I skipped on since I'm weird about mayo, I know), but it was great without it too!
I ended up getting a 6 piece to bring home and share (well sort of), and it traveled incredibly well back to good old Delco, and hardly needed to be reheated. I meant to take a photo, but well, you know what happened. To be honest, I don't know how everyone working there isn't 500 lbs, because I would be slamming fried chicken down as if that's what I was actually being paid for.
You'll wait about 15 minutes give or take after ordering, but everything is made fresh and completely worth it.  The owners/staff are always friendly and truly want you to enjoy your meal. Get there well before close because they do sell out most days from what I've noticed.
I'm in no way southern, have only been there a few times and have no grandmother, aunt or mother who make anything remotely similar - unless you count chicken cutlets as fried chicken...but go there anyway and show this awesome business some love!I was really excited for Love & Honey's opening. Overall I would say they are 80% where they need to be to be a great place - but I have a few constructive criticisms.
The chicken is the best part - really moist and flavorful, coating is perfectly cooked and tasty. I also enjoyed the onion dip. The place looks nice and the staff is helpful. 
Here are my suggestions - take them or leave them.
1. If you run out of drumsticks and substitute wings (instead of thighs like you should) - you need to a) inform the customer and b) lower the price for the combo. I'm not sure how much you charge for a wing since it wasn't on the menu - but charging the same price for two wings as two drums is just not right. Its a great sign that you ran out - but the customer shouldn't have to pay full price when this happens. We were never told about the sub - we found out when we got our food - which just made it seem like you were covering it up. Double strike.
2. For customers who eat in - the experience should be different from take out. Why not warm up the cornbread? Getting a cold piece of cornbread instead of a warm one nestled in with your freshly fried chicken seems wrong and wrapping it in plastic wrap off putting and not "homey". 
3. Why don't you refry your potato chips before serving them? It would be so easy. My chips were stale, cold and limp from being wrapped in the ubiquitous plastic wrap. Pony up for some 1 cent paper mini bags and crisp those suckers up.
4. You need something acidic on the menu to counter all the sweet and creamy. A vinegar based slaw would be much appreciated. Between the creamy mac and cheese (ok but not great), the sweet onion dip (good), the sweet cornbread (good), the sweet desserts - just too much on one side of the taste spectrum.
Hope this place continues to improve and sticks around.For another Sunday city eat-about is a brand new fried chicken joint that 
just recently opened. Located around Northern Liberties on Front street, this very 
modern industrial very clean and inviting location impressed me. 
I liked everything I seen. Friendly staff and our order came out mother clucking quick. 
I got the breast and the wife got the thigh & leg. I always was a breast lover. Very crunchy 
coating and moist meaty insides.
I thought the cornbread was the best I ever recalled
eating enjoyed with the house made honey butter it paired well. 
The pie was very good but a tad pricey for the size. It was very busy when we were there
and I can see this place doing very well for no one around here is doing a awesome 
fried chicken like this duo.Found a his place which is sort of hidden on Yelp. The service was great and the food was also great to me as well. My girlfriend on the other hand liked the food but said it needed to be more well done. Other than that there were no complaints. The prices are a little pricey for only a 2 piece but I would Definitely would go backIt's a fantastic fried chicken place with some amazingly well done chicken. Skin is super crispy and meat is juicy and flavorful. Clean, small with barstool seats nice decor in bathroom. The only thing that would make this a 5 star place is if they had more amazing sides and prices were a bit high especially paying $2 for sauce. I felt it lacked a bit on options but the cole slaw we had was fresh and refreshing without being too saucy. Definitely will come back again and maybe try the sandwich.First time here after much anticipation. I've been following this place even before they opened when they had a go fund me. After a long wait I finally got the time to come in and see what the hype was all about and let me tell you!  They blew my expectations out of the water! It's a nice cozy joint and after ordering there's an open kitchen where you can watch them do everything from fry the chicken to make the corn bread. Today I had the wings while my gf had the Nashville hot chicken sandwich.  The wings took me back to my childhood where my mom would fry massive a month of crispy chicken deliciousness. The chicken had an amazing crunch and flavor and came with a hot sauce and spiced ranch sauce which both paired great with the chicken. You can get a pound of nice sized juicy wings for about $10. That's a great deal if ya ask me. Love this place and will absolutely be back!I have been dying to try this spot and have been following L&HFC since they had an IG account!  I finally had the chance to pop in....and happy to say THEY DID NOT DISAPPOINT. My boyfriend and I stopped in and we both got the Chicken Sandwich. I can honestly say this was the best fried chicken sandwich I have ever had. The chicken was cooked to perfection, bun perfectly toasted, and the pickles/slaw complimented the sandwich perfectly. I had the cornbread with the honey butter - OMG and he had the in-house made chips - which were so fresh and delicious. I will definitely be back to this spot, well done!!Best. Fried. Chicken. Ever. 
I ordered 6 wings for pick up and was greeted really nicely by everyone that was there. Seemed like a family run joint which is always cool. 
The wings were the most tender and juicy wings I've EVER had. They were super crispy on the outside and moist in the middle. The ranch that accompanies it was delicious and the honey hot sauce was good but a little sweet for my taste. I like more vinegary and spicy hot sauces but that's just a personal preference. 
TRY the chicken you won't be disappointed. I have my eyes on the Nashville hot chicken sandwich for next time!Small unassuming but comfortable place, serving tasty fried chicken and also dishing out some very friendly and welcoming service. Staff is engaging and conversational from the minute you walk in, and are very knowledgeable about each menu item. Stopped in for a snack, so we tried the wings and the Nashville Hot sandwich. Both were delicious and made with care. The cashier also sold us on trying the banana pudding, which was tasty. I want to come back here to try the actual fried chicken and cornbread, and get another helping of this incredible customer service! Keep up the good work!OMG...
It's the best fried chicken that i ever eat!
So yummy, so different. 
It's freshly fried when you ordered it, it crunchy & have a sweet honey flavor. And kinda test a celery flavor a bit. 
It so addicted. I will come here again for sure. Psst, this maybe my 3rd or 4th visit and i did order by Caviar too before.Decided I would finally drive across the city for lunch today to try this place out. The establishment is well kept and the atmosphere is nice and pleasant. I ordered the Nashville Spicy Sandwich and was thrilled when they handed it to me and it looked so good and delicious. To my disappointment the Nashville hot sauce tasted almost like chemicals and made the entire sandwich taste bad. I couldn't even eat half of it before throwing it away. Maybe I got a bad batch or maybe it's just the way they make the sauce but It was not good, I gagged anytime I tasted just the straight up sauce. It's unfortunate that my one and only experience at this place was unpleasant.Let me tell you this place has one of the best fried chicken I've ever tried. It's tender and crispy and juicy. Their cornbread is great and the honey butter to go along with it is amazing. I order take out from this place like 2-3 per month and I don't think I'd ever get tired of it.I've had this place bookmarked for a while and I finally got to try it! I got the OG Chicken Sandwich and my friend got the Nashville hot chicken sandwich. Sandwiches have sweet pickles and buttermilk ranch slaw in them. We honestly thought it was better than some of the fried chicken we had down in Nashville! The cornbread with honey butter was absolutely amazing! I literally ate my leftover butter because I didn't want it to go to waste. No regrets! There was no room left for pie after all of that, but it looked delicious! 
The place is small but clean, homey and inviting. There are about 10 barstool seats alongside the windows but that's okay because I definitely don't care to sit face to face with anyone while I'm goin' to town on that huge chicken sandwich.I wanted to love this place! With all of the solid reviews I thought it was a lock. Unfortunately, my experience today was mediocre at best. First impression the restaurant is very nice, clean and beautifully set up. There is a small area for dine in but very limited. This is more a take out joint.
I arrived around 11:15 and they open at 11:00. I ordered the "OG" chicken sandwich, cornbread and iced tea all to go. Unfortunately, I never received the cornbread. They lost a star for that. The sandwich was good but could have been much better. The chicken was fresh, hot and delicious. Seasoned well and cooked perfectly. The slaw that accompanied was crunchy and dressed just right with some tang. My pickles were also very good, I enjoyed the thicker slices and they weren't skimpy with them. The roll was the biggest let down, it wasn't fresh at all. As soon as I picked up the sandwich and one bite, it was falling apart and splitting in the middle. At first i just thought it was the slaw and maybe the roll was soggy, nope, stale roll. Huge disappointment! This could have been a great chicken sandwich but it wasn't. 
I probably wouldn't return. I made the drive down today from Bensalem. I paid $16.00 for a sandwich and a tea. Again, I never received the side I ordered.  You may ask why I didn't go back? By that time I was already on i95. 3 starsThis might just be the best american fried chicken i've ever had. The skin and crunchiness as well as the seasoning/salt was spot on. The actual chicken was moist end to end. We only got thighs and wings so its a little biased but the chicken was really delicious; especially with the honey. The hot sauce was a welcome addition at times as well. The cornbread was really solid and honey butter made it much better. We had the macaroni salad which was dressed well but a little too al dente for me. This place is definitely worth a visit if youre in the philly area.Been wanting to stop by and check them out I finally did and grabbed their Nashville chicken sandwich which was pretty damn good. Just wish the chicken I had was a bit bigger but hey let's be thankful for the flavor of the food ‍Omg! This place in amazing! The chicken is cooked perfectly, and the rolls that were give with it... I NEED them in my life.I recently went down South to Glendale, Kentucky, where I had the best southern fried chicken ever! Life has not been the same since. I came back to the East Coast and actually just gave up on fried chicken, I didn't think anywhere down here could compare to the South. All that changed when I discovered Love & Honey Fried Chicken. 
Every person I've spoken to who lives around Northern Liberty or Fish Town have  religiously sworn this place to be the best in town. They were all wrong, this is the best in the entire East Coast!! The restaurant is modestly located in the corner, one will miss it if they were not specially looking. 
I came in and instantly realized that the chicken were expensive! $9 for 3 pieces and $18 for 6! My doubts were dispersed immediately after I ordered and my cashier told me it would take 15 to 20 minutes. It was then that I realized the chicken were being made to order, fresh every time. I also got their apple coleslaw for a side. 
We eagerly waited and when the chicken came out, they smelled heavenly. On top of that, the pieces were huge! The skin was perfectly seasoned and fried to a crisp, they finish the chicken with drizzles of honey that caramelized the crust into sweet and salty cracklings! The inside were juicy, they were the juiciest chicken I've tasted to date! The chicken came with cornbread, which were terrific with their sweet butter. The coleslaw were crisp and sweet, it was the perfect side for the chicken.
We added an order of mac and cheese half way through our meal. The mac and cheese were really good, they were a bit cold however. More like lukewarm, I was expecting fresh out the oven hot but in either case, they had deep flavors. 
I thought my meal was already perfect until I got their limited chocolate, peanut butter pie with whipped cream and chocolate bar topping. This slice of pie was the best fricking piece of sweet pie I've ever eaten! The chocolate was decadent and the crust had the right amount of salt to balance sweetness. The peanut butter was subtle and not overpowering. Their whipped cream was light and refreshing. For once, you can actually taste all the ingredients in a pie instead of just sugar. 
The staff were super friendly and inviting. They love the food here just as much as the customers do. I joked with them that I should just move into the basement to be closer to the store. Writing this review now I actually don't think that's such a bad idea, the chickens really were that good!I'm sure there is a lot of love being poured into Love & Honey Fried Chicken.  This Northern Liberties corner chicken shop turns out some delicious food that is worth traveling a little bit to eat in or take out.  The chicken is prepared to order so be prepared for a little wait but your delicious chicken breasts, wings, thighs, drums will come out warm, juicy, and tender.  Hot sauce is readily available to heat things up.  Corn bread and honey butter comes with each order.  And a side of their ranch slaw is the perfect accompaniment....especially with my liberal use of hot sauce.  Service is extremely friendly and one gets the feeling that the owners care about their product and want you to truly enjoy it.  I can easily give a little love to Love & Honey Fried Chicken.I love their fried chicken, its not the healthiest, but its healthier than Popeye's, which always feels like I'm going to have a heart attack. This is home made high quality food, its fried fresh right from when you order it, so be prepared to wait for a bit, its worth it!  
The batter is light and crispy with a hint of sweetness and has a savory celery flavor, follow by the juicy tender chicken! 
Desserts aren't sickly as they look, it also not as sugary so its more enjoyable to consume.Very clean organized and fresh! The chicken was cooked to perfection and the batter is slightly honey sweet and crispy. Potato salad legit and mac and cheese very original and tasty. All I can say is if you like juicy fried chicken this is your place!!There are no words to describe how good this is, you have to experience it for yourself 
I've been following the Instagram drooling for weeks when I finally ordered from Caviar I got this fantastic box of deliciousness delivered to my door. 
The chicken in and of itself is perfection. Everything you want fried chicken to be with a hint of sweetness. Perfect. But as if that wasn't enough the corn muffins come with honey butter. Yes hunny, that's honey in the butter
I have to say the coleslaw was the best I've ever had. I don't like mayonnaise so this was perfect because the buttermilk also has fresh dill and it's just crispy and delicious. It's a perfect complement for the rest of the meal and I could eat it by self every day
It was a treat yo self kind a day so I ordered a slice of the pie of the month. A slice of chocolate peppermint pudding pie with chocolate cookie crust and topped with homemade peppermint bark. I'm still drooling. 
Can't wait to order again. This is legit delicious food.  Love and honey indeed.We have had love and honey fried chicken a number of times now and every time we can't get enough. It's our favorite fried chicken in Philadelphia. The meat is so juicy and the seasoning is spot on.Epic! The chicken was amazing! The pies are obviously laced with narcotics so u cant stop eating them. Great service. Worth the wait!Nothing to write home about. I've tasted better fried chicken. The sandwich was good but nothing over the top. Potato salad was delish. Pecan pie just ok. Ehhhh, no need to make another trip there.HEAR YE! HEAR YE! BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN TOWN? I THINK SO! 
 A recommendation from a close friend led to a trip to this joint today. I was very skeptical about fried chicken in Fishtown because...well obvious reason. What does Fishtown know about fried chicken? Boy was I wrong.  
First, I enjoy the minimalist environment of this place, very straight to the point and direct.  Menu's on a chalk board ranging from a la carte or combos. a three piece includes Thighs, breast, and drums for $9.25 ( high but worth it ) unfortunately, you can't substitute different parts of the chicken but honestly who cares.  I also added a side of mac and cheese ( $5). so roughly $15 with taxes. Each combo comes with a piece of cornbread. now I must warn you, while it is just 3 pieces of chicken, the average person receives a BIG ASS PIECE of chicken breast. you'll eat probably the thigh and the drum, and be pretty full, unless you like to challenge yourself. The skin of the chicken were good AF. Now the mac and cheese was GOOD, but it's not brag-able like the chicken. I did enjoy the bread crumbs over the macaroni, it was certainly different than most i've ever had. 
last but not least, I had to try their dessert, it was tough choice between banana pudding (which the staff highly recommended) and the Sweet Potato Pie. My friend and I decides to just buy one of each and share and that was the best idea. I thoroughly enjoyed both and can see myself going back there. 
Parking was a little hard to find given that today's the 2nd street festival so there was barely any parking.Probably one of the better fried chicken sandwiches I've had as of late. The sandwich was juicy and flavorful yet wasn't too heavy, greasy or burdensome. Small but bright and meticulous interior, too. Awesome lunch spot! I'll be back.The best fried chicken I've had in Philly, hands down. The inside was juicy and so flavorful. The breading was crisp and not too thick with just a hint of honey. The portions are gigantic. I got through two of the three and hand to call it quits. The cornbread was good, just a tad too sweet. I'm not partial to the honey butter, but it was good too.
Would go again and again.There's fried chicken, which is blessed, and then there is Love and Honey. Which is like being hit by a blessed lightning bolt of delicious crunchy, yum-yum fried chicken perfection.
From service to sandwich to sweet sweeeeeeeet pie, Love and Honey is a standout in all aspects. We're lovers of fried chicken, and this was the start of a beautiful love.
We ordered a half chicken, tenders, the classic fried chicken sandwich, a slice of lemon custard pie (this was an April seasonal flavor), and the potato salad because 1. thank god they don't put onions in it (raw onion is evil) and 2. the relish/mustard combo was perfect with it. And I don't do cold potatoes. But I do now because this was amazing.
Some other customers even gave us their pickles because they were too full, and YES, pickles are delicious.
The breading was perfect. Seasoned, crunchy, and that little drip of honey balanced perfect with well done spices. I can even say I liked their ranch. I don't like ranch dressing and put it up there with raw onions, but that ranch was great. Which means for ranch lovers, it's probably ridiculously good. The sandwich was wonderful (go nashville hot if you wanna burn up--but my poor self can only handle mild--age y'all, it gets to ya).
The tenders were a standout because the meat was just so well done. Juicy, flavorful, crunchy, no tendons or size issue...just really well cut, well cooked, well executed chicken tenders.
Love and Honey stands out because their meat is full of flavor in all the right ways. What? Flavorful meat? Madness. You'd think other places would get that right. That's what Redcrest and other fried chicken restaurants lack--season your damn meat, people. Do what Love and Honey does. Be the tasty meat you wish to see in the world. Bless them for existing. 
Also, the spring lemon custard pie was ON POINT. Their pastry person knows what they are doing with the entire pie. Get the pie. GET THE PIE.
Mmmmm. If only delivery fees weren't so high on Caviar, I'd already have an order coming my way.
5 Stars. Also, please cater my wedding.
Thank you.Stopped by on Sunday, unsure if they would be open, and my heart was filled with joy when I saw the lights on and people moving about. I ordered a three-piece to go which is a breast, leg and thigh, with corn bread and butter for $9.99 with tax. awesome flavors, awesome crunch, touch on the sweet side and pairs famously with hot sauce.Favorite chicken spot in philly now! Beautiful chicken and great service ! What more can you need! The couple of times I've been so far it's been a great experience! Would recommend to everyone! 
I got the spicy Nashville sandwich and the potato salad both were great ! Loved the sandwich !!Yummiest and fresh fried chicken in the City. Cornbread and potato salad to die for! Lemon custard pie words can't explain. Try the spicy ranch sauceLove & Honey Fried Chicken is delicioussss! Stopped in here after house hunting and it was the perfect meal for the rainy, dreary day outside! 
I've heard they sell out often so we were happy to see no line and plenty of chicken around 2pm on a Friday! 
We tried the Wings and Nashville hot chicken sambo.
For the wings you get two pick two sauces, we ordered hot honey and spicy ranch. Both were really good sauces. The wings are fried perfectly and super crunchy!
The Nashville hot chicken sambo comes with pickles and some sort of slaw on top but I opted for just the toasted brioche bun and chicken with spicy sauce. The chicken was cooked perfectly and super juicy. The spicy sauce has a kick to it but is not overly Spicy. 
We also ordered a corn muffin which came with honey butter.  The corn muffin had a golden brown top and a little crunch. 
Will definitely be coming back!Banging. I had the Nashville style and it was cooked perfectly. Crispy and juicy. The bun was superb, and the slaw was a nice touch. It's one of those messy sandwiches that can't put down once you pick it up. The sauce is good but I think it could provide a heavier punch.Love & Honey has the best fried chicken ! It is always fresh, juicy, and crispy. The customer service is amazing and you never have to wait more than 20 minutes (as I said the chicken is always made fresh). The cornbread that they give you with each meal is delicious. It's served with a side of homemade honey butter. The icing on the cake that puts this restaurant on my top ten list is the sweet potato pie with house made fluff that is toasted on the spot. The crust was a little too hard and flaky for me, but it was still good. This is always my go to spot when craving fried chicken.Love love love this place! I order from here once a week!
I love evthg I've ever gotten from here. Love the 3 piece, the cornbread, the chicken wings, the sandwich and the new addition: the chicken tenders. Always perfectly crispy skin, with tender, moist chicken inside
Love their homemade sauces. That honey hot sauce, honey mustard and spicy ranch are to die for. 
The macaroni salad and potato salad are also great! 
Good quality food, consistent with great prices! Such friendly nice employees as well. This is truly a neighborhood gem, and I've been here for 10 years, so I should know :)The Nashville hot fried chicken sandwich was the best fried chicken sandwich I've ever had.  Insane.  Amazing potato salad too.  Definitely gonna eat here regularly, glad this is close to my work.  Super convenient location.  Outstanding.I've been searching for quite some time for a really good spicy chicken sandwich.   Search is finally over. Probably the best I've ever had. Had it three times already in the past couple weeks and scarfed down the sandwich in under 5 minutes each time. The fried chicken is really good too. Juiciest chicken breast I've ever had. Borderline too juicy. Everything is fried to order so expect a 15 minute wait.  Great small business with great food and courteous staff that I'm more than happy to support.I'm so glad I got to try this place. Excellent spices and crispness on the skin. A light drizzle of honey was a great accent. Very recommendedThis review is for the chicken tender: it's more to the salty side. The batter is crunchy but not hard. It's greasy though. When I heated up in the oven I could see some grease on the panI want to start off by saying I'm such a picky eater when it comes to chicken but man can I say their chicken is just so delicious. I absolutely love the touch of honey that they add onto their chicken. It's my favorite part!  
The portion of their food is also great too, it's very filling. 
Also may I add you can tell the owner really cares for their business and for their customers. You can just really tell that their food is just made with love. 
I so totally recommend you getting food from here !First time there and I must say the food was excellent!! All of the workers and managers were so friendly and very informative. I will definitely  recommend this place to everyone. My husband and I had the "OG" Chicken Sandwich and it was beyond Great!!  Stop in and you will NOT be disappointed!This is really great fried chicken!  
They really do have the cook time on the chicken perfect.   This is super crunchy chicken, not just crisp.  These wings I got were awesome hot and just as awesome cold.  These are the wings you'd bring to a picnic in the summer, a pickup game at the park, a Super Bowl party, etc,...  you get the picture right?  The flavor of the wings isn't overly salty, the meat is tender with just enough meat.  The exterior has a hint of honey that is perfect.  
The neighborhood isn't great, not sure how anyone would get here without a car.  There aren't any tables inside, just an "L" countertop and some stools.  Given that the chicken is cooked to order, which is great, but also means you have to wait for your order, ordering before arriving is probably the best bet.
I wasn't expecting to be wowed by the chicken but this is one of the best fried chicken joints I've been to ever.  I'll be back to try their other offerings soon.So I haven't written this review because I've been too busy eating the chicken every single weekend since I've been converted. 
The trick? Always order your food on Caviar for pick up and it'll be ready when they say it will be. Saves you the 30-40 minute wait! And trust me the wait is worth it! Another pro-tip, don't wait until 6pm to decide you want to eat chicken that day, they often sell out so to avoid disappointment, wake up craving chicken then order your chicken for later pick up :) for 3 weeks/3 attempts our ship had sailed and they were sold out and we realized we had to determine earlier on that we wanted chicken for dinner.
And I may be a snob because we only order boneless chicken therefore we never ate at Love & Honey's prior to their chicken tenders being added. We're so happy that they've become our new spot for tenders and here's why:
They fry their chicken fresh! 
They give you at least 6 pieces!
They only cost $8.25 
Here's the big one: They only procure the most humanely raised and processed birds. And only serve chicken that is free of hormones and antibiotics.
Need I say more? Go try it. Now!I have thought of nothing else since I had this chicken and am very excited to see that they use Coleman birds!  I'm not exactly a ~*purist*~ when it comes to fried chicken so I appreciated the sauce selection - especially the spicy ranch.Wonderful atmosphere and friendly staff. Amazing fried chicken! Every order is prepared fresh so be prepared to wait 15 minutes. Food comes out PIPING HOT so be careful. Ordered the loaded baked potato salad as a side and also the cornbread. Cornbread is really good and the potato salad is average. Limited sides and no french fries.
Gave a 5 star because despite all of that this place is worth a visit! Chicken is soooo gooood. You will not regret this!Okay, I heard so much hype about this place for soo long and never had time to go. One day passing by, my family and I decided to stop and WOW. The owners and other staff were extremely helpful and welcoming. It is a small store with a glass window looking into the kitchen area so you can see them making your food fresh. 
My sister and I both got the Nashville hot fried chicken sandwich. It was a spicy piece of chicken (not too spicy, but good flavor) with their cole slaw, pickles and ranch on a soft bun. It was the best fried chicken I have ever had. So filling, the chicken was fried to perfection and perfectly juicy. I cannot wait to go back and have this again.
My mom ordered the chicken fingers with a side of cornbread and slaw. Also very delicious according to her. I tried the cornbread muffins and they were also insanely good. 
This is going to be my new guilty pleasure spot!I've been here a few times, and the last time was my final time. The chicken is okay, although the chicken fingers/tenders are better. I make a mean fried chicken. I have found the chicken here is void of any real seasoning. Anytime I have to add salt to my chicken, it's not seasoned well. The sides are also okay. The loaded potato salad was not very good and again void of salt and pepper. The hot sauce and corn bread muffins are good; but $2.00 for a muffin, that should come with your order, is outrageous.  I would like to see this place rethink the pricing and the taste of their food. On a more positive note, they have very good customer service.Update 1/27/19
Been in love with Love & Honey since they opened. 
We stopped by for a quick visit and they added some new chicken tenders to the menu.
They surpassed their amazing regular Bone-in fried Chicken. As hard as that seems.Loved them, they were stupendous and they have homemade sauces as well which really complimented it perfectly.
I tried the hot honey and ranch they were both perfection. 
The owners here are super nice and they seem to always remember you. 
They really care about how much you love their chicken. 
Keep up the mother cluckin good work I love your chickenFor anyone who doesn't know, as of today, they don't serve thighs, legs, or breasts. A little bird told me they might bring them back soon if you order in advance. They only have sandwiches, wings, and tenders for now.
The Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich is great. It was pretty big. The roll was soft, too. The only "issue" was that pickles and coleslaw are slippery, so they fell out, but that's not their fault. The chicken fingers are really good, too. You can choose from a few different dips.
The cornbread muffins are the best. Oh my god, the honey butter, I could eat a pint of that stuff. It's sweet and pairs well with the hot chicken sandwich or chicken fingers with hot sauce. I usually eat too much chicken when I come here so there's no room for the pies, but I hope to try them soon.This place is to die for. There were three of us so we ordered the 6 piece which came with two thighs, two drumsticks, two breasts and two corn bread with honey butter on the side. (Price $12 without tax)
I don't even know where to begin with this place. 
The taste of the chicken is unlike any traditional fried chicken chains. 
The seasoned chicken is evenly coated with the buttermilk batter. The way the chicken crunches when I took the first bite was like music to my ears.
The worker drizzled the chicken with honey on the top of the hot chicken that perfectly balanced out the salty skin (some sort of old bay seasoning).
And for the corn bread... everyone loves the corner pieces of their cornbread and love & honey perfectly bakes individual corn bread pieces that meets that need. The honey butter that comes on the side was delectable, for someone who's not ambit butter person, I found myself reaching for the butter for every bite. 
9.8/10Best fried chicken in Philly!! My friend and I ordered the wings (comes with 6 wings and 2 sauces) and the dark quarter (thigh/drum combo). The chicken was juicy, crispy, and tender -- absolute perfection. I was also pleasantly surprised by the buttermilk ranch. It was just so creamy and rich -- would definitely recommend to any ranch lover. 
Warning: everything is made to-order, so the chicken came out piping hot and was a bit difficult to eat, especially the dark quarter since the thigh and drum were still connected. We had to wait around 15 minutes for our orders, so I recommend calling in ahead of time if you're in a rush.It was okay!  The chicken was not the best I've ever experienced. It lacked flavor. The biscuits were just okay at first,  and then I put the delicious honey butter on them, and they were scrumptious. A solid 3 stars.Run, don't walk, for delicious, fresh, flavorful, scrumptious fried chicken. And the sides-cornbread that's just sweet enough, potato salad that transports to the picnic table and deviled eggs that have the right amount of kick. YUM!!!!