I gotta give it 5 stars ! Even though they lost our order and they brought the food like an hour after we arrived , they charged us only one of the burgers and let me tell you that chorizo burger was worth the wait! Amazing !Good ambiance, prompt and attentive staff and brunch was fresh and delicious. A very nice spot, which probably gets hopping at night.Lucha Cartel gets a five-star rating for decor.  Part gothic, and part lucha fighting.  Very fun!  Daughter and I had the pico de galo and chips (just ok).  Daughter had the tacos, which she described as "as expected, just OK."  I had the shrimp on a bed of sweet plantains.  The shrimp with mango sauce were a little tough (overcooked?), but the plantains were divine...bringing me back to my time in central America.  The $5 happy hour margaritas are light on alcohol, but pretty good (5-7 PM).  I would probably try this restaurant again, as it's so amusing.  But I would try some other food options.Came here for a casual dinner before a weeknight movie.  The decor is kind of artsy-funky with a hint of grunge.  We only got food, so can't comment on the drinks.  Our calamari appetizer was out of this world! Lightly grilled and very lemony, the texture was absolutely perfect.  Our entrées were pretty lackluster though.  The sweet potato tacos were tasty but small for the price.  The crispy fish salad was under-dressed and generally forgettable.  The service was good, maybe we'll be back for happy hour.A pleasant surprise!! On my birthday weekend a friend and I planned to go to National Mechanics for their delicious veggie burgers!! When we arrived we discovered it was closed until 9pm for a private party!! Although this was a bummer we had to think quickly, our stomachs were growling audibly! I remembered walking by Lucha Cartel and thinking I wanted to try it, luckily it was just down the block and around the corner from where we stood. 
The mixed drinks, chicken tacos, margaritas and giant salad we ordered were all delicious!! This place wasn't crowded for at Saturday at 7pm-- good or bad depending on how you look at it! The ambience, decor, light and music were excellent! Which leads me to believe the universe knew better than I did how I wanted to celebrate my birthday!! We found out this place has the same owner as National mechanics... Tricky tricky! Can't wait to go back!Terrible service and mediocre food deserves 1 star. If it wasn't for the outdoor seating I don't think this place could be in business. That is all.Love this place, amazing happy hour from 4-7. The staff is friendly (Adan was my server and he's great), the food is good I love their pork tacos and queso fundido (both $5 happy hour) and their MARGARITAS are soooooo good. Check this place out.Went here for dinner while visiting philly for a couple days. Coming from the Chicago area. The Pork Belly tacos have a lot of meat and pineapple flavor. If your looking for a protein infusion the tacos are the way to go. They do not come with rice or beans which are 3$ each extra :/. 
The chicken quesadilla has loads of cheese and TONS of chicken. 
Decent prices, lots of meat. Would recommend it if you are into Mexican food.Awesome place. Awesome staff. Great place to go for food and drinks. It's even a cool bar to go to at night if you get a good crowd. 
Margaritas are BOMBLove their Nachos!  Fun staff, good music, great drinks!!! Decor is awesome!  Check out the Mexican wrestler last supper painted across several skate boards!
Can't wait to visit this spot again!Went with a gf for happy hour. The lights and decorations are pretty awesome. And the patio into walnut is awesome for outdoor seating. But please don't get fooled
There is nothing special about the food. Its very generic and is probably mass produced
For example the guac and chips was literally the overly green guac you can buy from the grocery store with the regular corn chips you can get from the store. Literally
The cactus burger is an interesting concept but not well executed I wouldn't recommend it. 
My friend did say she thoroughly enjoy the wine sangria though!
Happy hour has drinks for 5 dollars including sangria and mojito among others. Also there were 5 dollar app size apps that were also pretty generic. Quesadillas, guac and chips, tacos...
In sum: Would not go there againI've only been once, about a week after it opened, but I really enjoyed my cartel burger.  The service was exemplary and the decor was my kind of thing (I do so love lucha libre).  So yes, I'm down to go again.Pretty amazing happy hour! The margaritas will get you lit!  outside of happy hour it's still good but pricy if u ask me for Mexican food.One of the female waiters (I forgot her name but she had black hair and worked Friday during happy hour)came back to our table with our check asking us why we only tipped her $2 when we tipped her 15% which was $12. We ended up giving her another $10 because she said it so loud in front of other tables that it embarrassed us. It's rude and unprofessionalReally great food and a fun environment with a great and helpful wait staff. I had the chicken empanadas and the dough was amazing. My fiancé had one of the specials, a wild striped bass wrapped in plantains, it was perfectly cooked and had a great delicate flavor. We expected some good Mexican food but I would say it exceeded our expectations.The service was horrible,  simply awful. I ordered tacos, and they were literally finger food size for a fairly high price. I ordered refried beans as a side, and they were very bland, even with hot sauce. By the way, I had to go get the hot sauce myself. The place charges for chips and salsa,  too.  I just can't recommend this place at all.Lucha cartel is truly a gem hidden amongst the crowded landscape of bars bars and more bars that makes up Olde City. However, Lucha manages to stand out in a number of ways. First, it's the combination of Dias de los Muertos and Luchador themes that makes for a truly unique atmosphere. Then there are the perfectly crafted margiaritas that you can have prepared a variety of ways and with a variety of liquors. This is all topped off with excellent food that provides options for both meat eaters and non-meat-eaters alike and an always on-point craft beer draught list. Hit up Lucha for the Luchador decor and stay for the good food and drinks.People laugh and enjoy themselves if you have good company. My dates annoying but the margaritas help. Bartender is a robotWe went here on a Saturday night and the atmosphere was very lively and fun. They make strong drinks here so it's a very worth it spot. They only play Spanish music so if you don't like that don't go. The bartenders were fast and efficient. It's just a nice place to wind down.Enjoyed the food very much, mostly friendly staff and servers, the guy who brought my food was very nice and considerate. I was dinning by myself on a Friday night because my husband was out of town, I feel comfortable with that but unfortunately I wasn't treated with too much attention, the waitress only came over once to ask if I'd like anything else at the end of my meal, I was going to order another drink but she never stopped by so I only had one drink. Food was excellent tho, I had the ceviche mojo, pork belly tacos, and had a Jalapeño drink. The pork belly had crispy edges and served with pineapple onion and cilantro, loved salsa that came with the ceviche.Had a quick dinner over here . The nacho was fantastic! The avocado paste and beef was a Perfect combo. Both me and my mom loved it. The house luchas salad was ok but not very special. The drink in pineapple was good but it took a long time for them to bring it out.
The interior is very traditional Mexican with a nice decoration. The service however wasn't satisfactory.We've been to Lucha Cartel twice so far. The first time was quite by accident as we were wandering around Old City looking for a place to eat. Our second visit was carefully planned and executed with the precision of a surgical military operation.
Lucha Cartel has AMAZING happy hour specials for food and drink. We took advantage of the happy hour offerings and ordered empanadas of the chicken and mushroom variety as well as the chicken quesadilla for the little ones but lets face it. Kids never finish their food when they go out to eat. Oh yeah, they'll swear on a stack of bibles that they want something and that they'll eat it but when it comes time to show and prove, they cave like a poorly dug hole at the beach.
Anyway, the empanadas are flaky and delicious and the hot salsa that accompanies the chicken ones is the TRUTH! 
My wife and I play no games when it comes to orderings. I had an order of soft corn tacos Al Pastor, made with pork belly, which is just another word for a generous portion of bacon. My tacos were delicious yet meager, however, I'm assuming that if I had eaten slowly and savored my food, the portion would have been sufficient. I also ordered the sweet plantains with queso fresco, which, if I can be candid, were a little bit of a letdown. They were crispier and firmer than I expected. Oh, I still ate them, but it would have been nice to have had them a bit softer.
My wife ordered the vegetarian enchiladas which she thoroughly enjoyed.
They've got a decent selection of beers and draughts are half off for happy hour. My wife enjoyed the margarita as well. 
Needless to say, we will be back.Came here when visiting Philly. We had the Stawberry Shabery (I think thats the spelling) pitcher and margaritas. Soooo good!!! Service was great sweet people and awesome atmosphere.I am dropping the rating because,I have been back twice and both times they were out of mushrooms (which they changed on the menu from portabella to just mushrooms. Not the same, but ok) WTH? It's not as though mushrooms are a difficult to find exotic ingredient. They are everywhere. The first time,they showed me other veggie items. But, I'm not a veggie, just a mushroom lover, so, I tried the chicken quesadillas. They weren't bad, but not close to the mushroom. The second time, I just left, both annoyed and disappointed.
Lucha Cartel, if you read these reviews, buy mushrooms!Came here with a group of six for brunch. We really enjoyed the nachos with chicken. Everyone was happy with their meals, the only complaint would have to be the home fries. They went straight from the fryer onto our plates which left puddles of grease. It made them nearly inedible.I love this place! I would recommend this place. When I went to someones birthday party I was the first one to finish my meal so that says something. The price and hot sauce is amazing and worth the try. The ambiance is to die forAfter a long day, head to Lucha Cartel for one of their delicious margaritas or sangrias. This place is decorated in very fun decor with relaxing hues of purple and green that will make you feel at ease as you sip on their refreshing, yet strong margaritas.  The happy hour menu has a pretty nice selection of small plates.  I thoroughly enjoyed the fries and the chicken quesadilla. The staff are also very attentive.I love coming to Lucha Cartel for their brunch. It's greatly priced with good portions and the staff if always friendly. Today, my boyfriend and I went for brunch and they only had one waitress, Marta, working for the whole restaurant and bar. Within five minutes of the restaurant opening all the tables were full. But Marta did an exceptional job at waitressing all the tables and working as bartender. I just wanted to make sure she gets acknowledged because it seemed really overwhelming!Happy Hour is a good value in terms of selection and pricing. There are a bunch of $5 food items and draft beers are half off, i.e. $2.50-$3.00. The servers are really nice and extremely quick. The mediocre rating reflects the mediocre food. Literally every item we ordered was bland and underseasoned - guacamole, dip, quesedillas, potatoes. There were no salt shakers or hot sauce provided to alleviate the problem. Verdict: would not come again.This place has such a great happy hour comprised of several apps and drinks. My husband and I have been several times and sit at the bar. The bartender is always super friendly. I have had their guacomole, chicken quesadilla, margarita and coco-rita. Super good. One of these days, we will make it brunch as their menu looks good.The service is IMPECCABLE I really can't say enough about how good they treated us. The food was good but not great, elotes were good as were the fajitas but the tacos are very very very small. Guacamole was really good too.Love the drinks especially the tequila and margaritas but it can get very loud. Only had the food once but was very tasty.Best Mexican food in Old City, hands down. Best happy hour too! $5 house margaritas, sangria, and apps. Had the shrimp empanadas and chorizo sliders, which were both tasty (although the dipping sauce that comes with the empanadas needs work). Favorite dish was the elote (grilled corn with Mexican mayo and cheese). Ugh, so good I ordered 2! Run that back, lol! Great service and small but clean bathroom. I will be back!El Santo Margarita is a slice of heaven with a lil awesome sauce! As far as the meal goes: the nachos were ok and the entrée was ok. Not too much to say about this place other than I probably would only go for that margarita!!! Perhaps their specialty is drinks and the food is just and afterthought....So suprised...! We walked around Olde City last night and wasn't sure what we felt like eating. The menu looked like your typical mexican spot but the food has so much flavor. We ordered but the food took a while so the brought out complimentary chips and salsa that was delish. We ordered Nachos to share and I was pleasanty suprised. I'm from the caribbean so I need action in my food and this had  it and tons of flavor. The guac was a little spicy and some might think its too much.  We also ordered the caramel de leche cheesecake that I liked but my hubby wasn't to impressed. I'll be back.We had today the worst experience of our lives at Lucha Cartel. I've never been harassed in my life in that way. We stand up from our table just to dance and we were followed by the manager saying that we need to pay the bill, before dancing. We will never return again.Maybe it's an unpopular opinion, but as my 2-star states - meh, I've had better. We came here at Noon on a Friday - there weren't too many people in the place, and yet everything took forever, an the food was just okay. I had the beef tacos and there was NO flavor. The chicken quesadilla's were okay, as was the burrito. The server said "would you like chips and guac?" to which we of course, replied - yes! We hadn't even gotten the menus yet, so she failed to tell us they were $12 - and mediocre at best. The pineapple margarita was okay - minus the fact it was warm. Seriously - wouldn't go back, but again - to each his own!Gets my vote for best Mex! in philly.  Stumbled upon & went back.  Like previous reviews - the Pineapple  Jalapeno 'Rita & Mexican Bloody Mary's are unbelievably yummy cocktails.  From the others tasted,  all of the Margaritas are freshly made and really good.  Guac is great!  Beef & Pork Tacos tried this time - delish!   Great service & atmosphere.  On the quest for good authentic Mex in Philly - I highly recommend.Awesome place. Stopped in for one drink but stayed for a couple and also got the chicken fajitas which were awesome. Our server Franck was great - very friendly and knowledgeable. Cool funky decor with great lighting. Check it out - you will be glad you did!Came here with a few friends during the snow day to grab food and drinks. Service was super friendly and the drinks were great. We got nachos to start off with which were nothing special. All the toppings were right in the middle and the outside was just plain chips. 
For dinner we all got different Taco dishes and split them up so we could try them all out. The tacos were kind of bland. The only one that really stuck out was the pork belly tacos. The rest were kind of bland and dry. I'd recommend this place for drinks, but for dinner you can find something better in the area.excelente... de todos los locales de philadelphia que se promocionan como latinos, éste si es verdaderamente  latino... con música  latina bailable y venden la cerveza de manzana que en otros locales no la venden.. me encanto la decoración,  la iluminación.
segunda vez q voy..fui un viernes y recuerdo q no habia musica bailable, fui esta vez porque se prentaba una dj "joly".. y he bailado toda la noche..asi  que esté  será  mi nuevo local..xq sinceramente cuba libre para mi es un bodrio y tierra colombiana, no termina de cuadrar ..no se si ando en un antro playboy o en una discoWe went here for to have a birthday dinner. 8 people on a busy Thursday night. The service was PHENOMENAL. Our waitress (blonde girl I cannot remember her name) was so friendly and helpful, quick with drinks. We didn't have to wait too long for our food and everything was excellent. Great atmosphere. Highly recommend for a lively fun evening!I was here once before for lunch and it was great. I went here today with my wife and they only had one server on for the lunch hour on the Fourth of July. Needless to say we waited approximately 10-15 minutes and we still hadn't received water yet. We will try again next time.Awesome dinner spot also great happy hour prices and menu! Awesome margaritas and very reasonable in price. The guac was fresh and spicy! The main entree : arrachara was perfectly cooked. Margaritas strong and tasty try the strawberry infused margaritas simply delish. The atmosphere is loud and lively. Cute layout and decorations. Definitely a great find.Authentic food & cool atmosphere. Has a Day of the Dead theme. I work in center city and visit as often as I can get away for a quick lunch. Good location within Olde City. Server (Judy) was friendly, talkative, and I enjoyed the jalapeno infused tequila.  I will be back!Love this place. I'm a local to the area and this is my "go-to" spot for Mexican and Margaritas. Food is consistently good. I have heard service can be sketchy, but I have always had excellent service. Outdoor seating for spring/summer dining. Restaurant.com coupons are almost always available. Great spot for groups too. Been there many times and will continue to  sip on margs and stuff my face at Lucha!I went with the lady during Old City Restaurant week and we both thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It was $25 per head with a preset menu (part of the OC Restaurant week event). You could choose from 2 appetizers, 5 entrees, and dessert was included. Even with the limited options it knocked all of our socks clean off.
She got a large piece of pork roast served on the bone that was so tender you could barely pick it up with a fork. Super tasty. I got the Pez Espada - swordfish on potatoes served with some kind of tasty/spicy sauce. It is one of the best meals I've had in a while. I wish I could have been locked in a room made of that dish so I would have to eat my way out.
We also got a pitcher of the El Santo margarita, which was the bomb-diggidy.
You should not go here in a hurry; bring a date or a group of friends to grab a few drinks, sit, and enjoy yourselves. Our server was great, but I could see things slowing down if it were to get super busy. It was definitely a treat - next time we go I'll try and sit outside, it looked rather nice.Food is amazing. Drinks are great. Went there for cinco de mayo. The place was mobbed. Was told it would be a 30 min wait and aprox. 10 min later we where seated. The dessert menu is by far my fav. The dulce de leche cheese cake is amazing. There menu is vegetarian and vegan friendly. The staff is very friendly. Would deff.  visit again.Lucha Cartel is such a neat, little place. First off, the decor is AWESOME. Candy skulls and purple walls all the way. Our server Julie, was amazing. She took care of us during our stop during lunch. She is quiet the mixologist. We will definitely be back, especially to enjoy another marg and side of guac.The food is good!! It's a nice little restaurant to go to if you are looking for some healthyish Mexican food. If your looking for drinks not so much super watered/juiced down and not very good esp if you are like me and need less sweet and more liquor! The service is also not very good. We got our food but then had to waive down a waitress to get our check.Have been here several times and just LOVE their margaritas and Guac with bacon, so good!
The wait staff is also extremely friendly and polite.Good burritos. Close to the old city. Service wasnt that great. Stay away from the Yards beers. They are gross. Seems the place has a few complacent managers as the waitress didnt have change for the meal. I was forced to pay with credit card. Get your shit together. Make sure your waitresses have what they need.SO pleasantly surprised by Lucha Cartel. I had been here a few times before for drinks but this was the first time I came for drinks, dinner, AND salsa tuesday. Everything, from the service, to the drinks, to the food, to the dancing made for a fun and engaging atmosphere. It seems like a fun place to come with a date, or as a group of friends.
The guac and chips were delicious. I wasn't too impressed with the Crispy Fish Salad, but I guess that is what I deserve for ordering salad instead of tacos or something. The lettuce was wilted, overdressed, and sparse. The fried fish on top didn't have much flavor either. 
Now the big ass margaritas on the other hand....my friends ordered a pineapple jalapeno one and it was SPICY. Not for the faint of heart. I ordered a coco-rita which was delicious and sweet and just strong enough.
DEFINITELY stay for the salsa. It was my favorite part of the night. If you come for dinner and stay for salsa, try to get a table around the outside of the dance floor (they move the high top tables around 9ish). Lesson starts at 9:45 and you will be dancing with everyone as the instructor asks the ladies to rotate. There are dancers of all skill levels and its a fun, no pressure environment. 
So in all, 5 stars for the service, drinks, and salsa. Docked one star for the food. But in all, a Tuesday night well spent!The best beef nachos I've ever had in my life!!! Sangria and margs were tasty and the atmosphere was cool. Can't wait to come back!Happy hour is great here! Jalapeño margarita is great. The guac is one of the best I have had.Great Latin energy. Tuesday night salsa is taught by Mike, a patient and knowledgable instructor. Having had personal salsa lessons from a couple of different venues, Mike is very good, a ton of information poured out in just an hour. Come HERE Tuesday nights (as of this review) if you're interested in salsa lessons, good food, and meeting new people. The only thing holding this back from 5 stars is the "after lessons" dancing where much of the music was bachata and "newer" salsa (not really much of the legendary salsa artists were played). When the music selection is less bachata, more original salsa, and added merengue, this will be the choice for a true salsa social.Place is great! $5 Margaritas are cool. And good music that is fun for dancing or just hanging out. UPDATE:  still great.I really like it here. Came for happy hour before going to see a movie. I was told the guacamole is addicting. I have to agree. The Nachos were something amazing. 
Our server Devenche(sp?) was a blast. He was cool and explained the menu to me. Esp since this was my first time here. 
This might be a place for my coworkers to come for our monthly happy hour outing.Food is very good, we enjoyed it. Drinks are average. We came because they had Salsa Social on Tuesdays and free salsa lessons. We are Puerto Ricans from The Bronx visiting the Philly historic area for a few days and were very excited about coming across Lucha and their salsa social. We had lots of fun watching people learning how to salsa. The instructor was pretty good and made sure the participants were having fun. Once the lessons were over, the dance floor was open to all. The first song was one of salsa's classic hits but then after that, they played too much bachata (salsa social ?) and played none of the classic or current salsa hits. We were there until closing and only heard one merengue, and not even one reggaeton. I have better salsa on my iPhone. Go and enjoy, buy be prepared to hear as much bachata as salsa.Our first experience at lucha cartel was a happy hour experience and it was rudimentary at best. We arrived hoping to get a table, as the restaurant was half full, but apparently everything was reserved until 830. We arrived at 5. We were pretty surprised but decided to take advantage of the great happy hour. The drinks and the food were spectacular, everything basically 5 dollars a pop. Whether it was appetizers, margaritas, sangria or you could go with the half off drafts. The bar seating was good but we were really looking forward to enjoying the full experience at a table so we could soak in the awesome decor. It's all themed after the luchadores in Mexico (nacho libre can help with the imaging) who are Mexican wrestlers who go all out with their colorful costumes and personas. It's a unique restaurant/bar but the service kind of sucked. Hopefully at my next visit I can upgrade this review and give it he full 5 I think it can get.Well if you're looking for an amazing Mexican meal and refreshing food experience, then look no further. This place is extraordinary. Delicious food, all made fresh. 
Our server Maggie, was the best. Very informative and delightful the way she took care of us from start to finish. 
Super experience! Can't wait to come back with my friends, and do it all over again. My only complaint is that my stomach isn't bigger!One of the best, authentic Mexican joints in Philly. Once you step in you feel as though you've left the city and entered a place right in New Orleans or a country down south. The food is exactly what you'd want in a real Mexican restaurant and the margarita choices make for a truly good time. Ordered the casadilla's and they were on point. Highly recommend you try this place.Came downtown to see the historic sights and some dinner. Walked past this funky looking place and decided to try it out. It was delicious!! Had the pork belly tacos and the ceviche de robalo that our server Maggie recommended. Thanks Maggie!!Food was good. I loved that Marc Anthony was playing on full blast and I could still hold a great convo with my husband. Definitely gonna eat here again.I reaaaaaally wanted to like this place! They are in a great spot in old city, killer deck in the front (which not many places have in this area), and the 'Lucha Cartel' sign/decor from outside really looks cool and inviting.  Even the indoor decor is really edgy and different, but in a good way.  
However...the first day I went there was for happy hour.  the waiter was a little bit odd but I'm willing to let that go.  He gave us the happy hour menu, and being that we were in a bigger group (about 6), we asked how big the happy hour apps were to gauge how many we should get.  He showed us with his hands about the size of the regular menu app, and said the happy hour app was half the size.  OK - so the happy hour app is half the size...and half the price....hmmmmmm....preeeetty sure that isn't discounted.   This really rubbed me the wrong way and I felt like i was being jipped...Just don't offer a hour hour at all!!!! Plenty of other places don't and people still go there...
Decided to go one more time to give them another chance.  We had two waiters who weren't communicating...no idea which one was ours.  and took 10+ minutes for someone to take our drink orders.....hardly any tables were filled in the place....  
I ended up ordering a steak salad.  It was ehh.  Left me feeling after all of the above that I will find other happy hours to go to this summer.Meh! Not a bad place... it just didn't leave me psyched. Food tasted good, but didn't leave me particularly impressed. Interesting Día del Morte thing going on.
Staff was very friendly, helpful and cool.
All the same, with the countless other options in the immediate vicinity, I probably wouldn't go back.Stopped in for an app and drinks which were great. Lots of margarita options. Nachos were the best.I should probably say I really , really wanted to love this place- had such high hopes for a super close reasonable fun Mexican restaurant!
Food was fine. That's it just fine. Guacamole was extremely plentiful for a small size but you can tell it is not made to order. My next observation I really hope the restaurant sees- I got a margarita and when I received it there was salt on about 1/4 of the glass I kid you not. It was not busy and there was no reason to not give an extra swirl to salt the whole glass. Stuffed chicken breast was a large piece of chicken but seriously why even advertise the cream cheese and jalapeno??? It was minuscule- highly disappointed as that was the reason I got the dish.  Tacos carne asada were good.
Service was fantastic, absolutely lived the decor. Overall I give it a even 5 out if 10- if only it had more cream cheese/jalapeños and an actual salted glass I would have bumped it to a 7 and go back for more!Disappointing. I really wanted to get the cactus burger when I went here, but it turns out that even their bread is non-vegan so I got mushroom tacos instead. They were very good but still had to be modified in order to be vegan. 
Cute place and a great location but I don't see myself coming back.Want to give higher but just can't for now.
From start to finish we had issues with the staff.  While they were all vey nice, proper training was definitely lacking.  From issues wth getting the table ready even though there were many open ones to missing food orders, training needs to be stepped up.  That being said I would return as the place is beautiful, has great character, n good food.  The steak fajitas were great although they provide blue corn tortillas the size of my palm, too small.  The jalepeno margarita was fantastic and worth goin back for.  I will give it another whirl , but am not exactly itching for it.The Happy Hour from 4-7 pm is great. But after this time it is really expensive. In the Happy Hour the beer get nearly the same price like germany ;) The Quesiadillas are delicious!Loaded Nachos with Chicken was delicious. Spicier than normal places, which was a plus. All the food was fresh and spicy, but I loved my nachos.
Honestly, the pitcher drinks weren't that strong/great. You're best off getting classic individual margaritas or sangria. The portions come out to about the same, and they make stronger individual drinks.
The happy hour specials are great deals, though. I really recommend this place for food and hanging out. It's got a good bar atmosphere and innovative decor and lighting.Wandered in with friends the thurs night before a wedding. The bartender was beyond friendly and knowledgeable, the margaritas were surprisingly not just good but GREAT, and the tacos were decent. We had a great time, felt totally welcome and relaxed. Tried to go back Fri night but suddenly it was like a club. Not for us but we'll go back during the week.Went in for a late lunch/early dinner around 3 o'clock, and we were the only table! We ordered off the lunch menu, and the food was EXCELLENT: nachos, tacos, quesadilla and a salad. I had the Avocado Salad and added Wahoo Fish to it, and it was the best decision I ever made; I'd be hard-pressed to order anything else when dining there again. Beer list was decent with a few rotating drafts, and according to another member of my table, the margaritas were delicious.Cool atmosphere. My partner and I enjoyed a picture of flavored margarita (mysterio?).  I wasn't crazy over the food we ordered, but I would definitely give the place a second chance!  It also helps that they have complementary chips and salsa :)First night in Philadelphia and this was walking distance from my hotel. I had the street corn and crispy sweet potato tacos. Both dishes were good but nothing blew my mind. Seems like they have an awesome happy hour and Latino dance nights but I didn't attend either. Maybe next trip??Julie is a goddamn gem. She had great recommendations, took spectacular care of us and was excellent chat. We had such a great time here!! Try the Paloma and the Elote, you won't regret it! Hi to Dandelion and TheoI stopped in here last Friday for a happy hour margarita with a friend. I was very excited to see the decor in person, but was disappointed when we arrived. Yeah, they have the dark paint and skulls and purple lighting going in, but they would need about 10 times more stuff before it looked complete (in my opinion). Also, as soon as we walked in, the smell was pungent. It was the smell of a place that people had partied before... hard. It was the smell of spilled drinks and vomit covered up with sour detergents. If you have ever been to a nightclub in the daytime, you know what I'm talking about. Maybe under the cover of nightfall, this place is fine, but I just wanted a happy hour drink. Plus, I'm not one to go out in Old City...
The margarita was quite good, decently priced ($5 for HH) and the service was great. I really wanted to like this place a lot, but I can't foresee a time that I will ever return.I have been a happy Lucha Cartel customer for many years before I moved out of state. What made me white this review is our brunch experience during my recent visit to Philly.
We arrived at 11 o'clock in the morning, and the place was surprisingly packed for such an early hour. We were seated promptly, and our very personable waitress informed us it was an unplanned post-wedding celebration of 50+ people.
We ordered drinks and food and prepared ourselves to wait, given the number of customers. To our surprise, the food started to arrive before we knew it and was as good as always.
You could tell the staff was a bit overwhelmed serving so many customers but handled it very professionally. Not only our waitress but a manager checked on us multiple times to make sure we were doing all right.
Lucha Cartel did not disappoint once again, and will remain one of my favorite spots everytime I'm in Philly.I came to Lucha around 5:30 with the intention of ordering the $5 chips and guac off of their happy hour menu. I viewed the menu online prior to arriving to determine what I would order. To my dismay, the chips and guac is no longer on their HH menu and is always the full price of $11. After speaking with the waitress, I found out that this was due to an avocado shortage and that it had just been taken off of the HH menu that very day. I do understand their dilemma, but I would have appreciated the website being updated before Lucha made this change so that I could have made an informed decision about whether or not I wanted to come for HH!
Aside from that, everything was great. Due to traffic, we were a bit late for our reservation but Lucha was extremely accommodating and held the table for us. The guac was great and had tons of cilantro, which is my favorite. The waitress even spoke to the chef so that my friend and I could have some fresh veggies (peppers and carrots) on the side to dip in the guac. I also enjoyed the sangria- it is sweet but not too sweet. Their HH drink selection is really awesome and you can't go wrong with anything you choose. 
I will also add that Lucha is not great for large groups. They have the table set up, but the table are long and narrow. It is kind of difficult to see the people who are at the other end of your table and it kind of makes for a situation where you have two separate conversations going on. I think the tables at Lucha are best for groups of 6 or smaller.Order for delivery on caviar. Got the hard shell nachos and quesadilla. The pork belly nachos were really good! The chicken quesadillas were okay, it was soggy by the time it got here. Gave it a four because it's just your average Mexican place, nothing to die for. Might be better in the restaurant so you don't get slightly warm and soggy soft tortilla.I came here for an event with a friend. So far I like the food we had, even though my drink was not the best I had--- had a 
Mojito. Overall I would have to come back to further write my review. So stay tune for an update.Went on Thursday night as a part of old city eats but decided to order off the happy hour menu instead. $5 appetizers so you can't beat it! The portions aren't very big so definitely get more than less. Food was very, very good. The mushroom empanada was my favorite, with the chicken tacos a close second. It was very busy by the end of our meal and their seemed to be two waitresses working the whole place. Had to wait awhile to pay and get our check. It was also very hot in the dining room, even before the crowd came in. I heard another table complain about the heat as well. Margarita was ok.Made a reservation and dined there on a warm, summer Friday evening before heading to a concert at BB&T. The service was exceptional from the jump, especially considering how busy it was. Right in the crush of happy hour/dinner rush, we were originally seated at a small end table directly next to the bar and the kitchen entrance. It was a lively seat, but was loud and not super romantic, so I took a shot and asked if we could be moved. Without any hesitation we were shifted to a beautiful outdoor table, which was quieter and allowed for awesome people watching. We started with the delicious guacamole and chips, and two margaritas - delicious. Lots of flavors and options, and we picked a couple of good ones. The conversation flowed and our service was impeccable, and we decided to split the ceviche rojo and the trio of fish tacos. Flavors were on point, portions were splittable and the ambiance is cool and lovely. As a first timer, I was impressed, this was a great meal and I am anxious to get back there. Thank you for a wonderful evening!I have been wanting to try this place for a long time and finally got the chance. We came in somewhat later in the evening and wanted to get a table as they were setting up for Salsa dancing in the main part of the dining room. Luckily we were able to sit a little off to the side and got some food and drinks. We did the Parrillada for 2, which was delicious. It comes out in a steaming hot stone bowl lined with banana leaves and the meat cooks as its coming out to your table and still cooks while you're eating. This wasn't something I gave much thought as my medium steak became well done over the course of us trying all the different meats and seafood in the dish. Oh well! It was still good. We also had the guacamole which I'm always ok with getting and a bunch of beers. The overall experience was a good one and I'd definitely come back sometime.This is probably the best Mexican food I've had since living in Philadelphia.  Best to eat in.  I've not had a good experience ordering to go.I came here with some of my girlfriends for lunch on a Friday afternoon. The food was good, the drinks were alright. Nothing to write home about. Our biggest issue was with our sever, Sheena. She was absolutely awful. She was extremely inattentive and not very friendly. She came to our table maybe 3 times and it took her a good 15 minutes to come back for our check. It was 3 in the afternoon and there was no one else in the restaurant. Needless to say, we won't be back anytime soonLucha is my go-to Mexican joint, when I'm in the mood for it. I'm not much of a Mexican fan as, growing up in the ole' LV, "Mexican" was tacos and nachos. My college days saw the cuisine expand onto burritos, chimichangas and tequila. It gets boring after awhile. It becomes an unpreferred cuisine after daily smellings of vomit and half-digested burritos after a evening of partying with friends and the rest of the college youth.
Enter Lucha Cartel.
First discovered serendipitously on evening out in Old City, my 28year old self and boyfriend decided to give it a try. We are now major fans and eat dinner there almost every time we spend an evening in Philly.
The decor is, well, Lucha themed (obviously). The dark colored walls give out a loungey type feel and the Lucha paintings are not to be taken seriously (ie - the last supper portrait). There is outdoor seating available, weather permitting, although I've never had the opportunity to partake. 
I'm a major sucker for their home made chips & guacamole, which I always order as an appetizer to help soak up all the tequila-inspired drinks that bartenders randomly make up that day. I typically don't order chips/nachos at Mexican bars as I find them tasteless. Perhaps this is an issue only up in the LV? 
I typically order the Cerviche Rojo, a dish featuring red snapper, onions, peppers, sesame seeds and some type of sauce. I fell in love the first time and its sad that other "Mexican" joints up my way don't serve this dish. Or any other type of fish, other than white fish for tacos. 
The Vegan Avocado salad is perfect for a light lunch/dinner on a warm day (it's filling, but doesn't sit like rocks inside the tummy).
For those looking to share a meal, the MAIN EVENT section of the dinner menu takes care of that. This is when I'll typically order a fajita, then remind myself that I'm not in the LV anymore and its expected to expand my palate a bit!Cool space with great margarita and good food.  Definitely try the margaritas with infused tequila and get the chips and guacamole!I stopped in here a few days ago with my bestfriend-this place has such a cool vibe! We drank a delicious margarita each and split the guacamole and chips. Both were superb! My friend was curious to taste the jalapeño margarita so the bartender pulled a tiny bit in a shot glass for us. GOLLY GEE THAT WAS SPICY! The bartender was a lifesaver providing horchata for us to chill the spice from out mouths with! The next time I visit I want to try it out as an actual jalapeño margarita and I'm looking forward to sampling more of the food!I used to come here when it was Q Bar which I enjoyed. When I came back into the city and saw Q Bar had closed I was pretty bummed but figured I'd give the new place a try. The food is absolutely delicious! Everyone needs to try the pork tacos with spinach tortillas. Absolutely amazing. I'm dreaming of those tacos right now! And add a pitcher of margarita and I'm all set to go.Good margaritas, friendly service, fresh, good food.  Lucha salad was delicious with excellent grilled chicken.  FIsh tacos were perfectly cooked.Fun atmosphere! One of the best tacos I've ever had.. highly suggest the pork belly! Nachos were great tooI've been here 3 times so far but my most recent visit was definitely the least impressive one in terms of service.  This is a great place to go if you're with a big group and want to share their enormous margaritas.  Maybe you also naturally command more attention/service if you're with a large group. 
Maybe partly b/c we were a party of two vs eight, we really didn't get much service at all.   The waiter asked me what I wanted to drink but I never even got a drink menu, and it was eons before he came back with it.   The last two times I was here, I remember the (complimentary) nachos and salsa being really good but our waiter never brought them.  Finally, I asked him what had happened to the nachos/salsa and he said that they "have to be requested."  I found that to be a sort of awkward reply but at least he brought them out.  Upon our request, anyway.  They seem to have downsized on the salsa b/c it wasn't the yummy salsa I remember from the prior visits, and the size was definitely smaller to.  As an appetizer, my friend and I had the mussels, which were really good, cooked with chorizo and in a flavorful broth. My tiny plate filled up with empty mussel shells in no time but our waiter was nowhere in sight to bring me a clean plate.  When someone finally brought my grilled chicken tacos, I asked him for a clean plate.  My chicken tacos were definitely way too dry.  At the end of the night, I asked the waiter for boxes for my unfinished tacos.  Oh, and I did get a bag too, but again, upon request only.  The noise level is literally 12/10.  I really could barely hear my friend above the din.  
The other bummer was that I'm sure being outside or near the patio feels great on a warm summer day. But it was a nippy spring day so every time a waiter went in or out to the patio, he/she would leave the door open.  We were sitting right near the door so we were freezing every time the door was open, which was basically every few minutes the whole night.
As mentioned, I did like the mussels but otherwise the noise level, lack of service, over-cooked and dried chicken tacos, didn't impress me.Ambience was good, drinks and food were great. They have several options for vegetarians and it was good. Mushroom tacos and the empanadas were great.Had a great time here! The restaurant is unique and had a great atmosphere for a Friday night. I got the pork belly tacos and my friend got the chicken enchilada. We shared our dishes and could not decide which one we loved more; both were delicious! Their margaritas are also very good. Overall, an awesome experience for food and drinks!We were just here for a happy hour the other day but there were probably 12 of us in total. The orgnaizer didn't make a reservation, thinking we could hang around the bar but there wasn't a whole lot of room to do so. The staff at Lucha Cartel was very accomodating and set up some tables for our large group so we would have a place to hang out. The happy hour specials were pretty good (and even available on a Friday!) and I enjoyed a couple sangrias. Consensus on the margaritas was "good, but not amazing". I also woofed down some of that delicious guac too!We love this place! The food is delicious and authentic. They make delicious margaritas. It has a lovely atmosphere that is great for groups, girls nights or date nights. We love the high top tables. We would absolutely recommend it. 
The nachos are so good...especially when you add the roasted corn...yum! The guacamole is also good with the corn added to it! The enchiladas are fantastic. They are served with rice. My boyfriend likes to get the chicken enchiladas which he really enjoys. I get the vegetarian enchiladas which are made with kale, cheese, etc. and they are the best I've ever had at a restaurant. The sauce is so flavorful and the filling is plentiful and tasty. The tacos are served a la carte with three small tacos of your choice. These are good if you are going out afterwards and just want something light. They are not particularly filling if you are going hungry and want a filling entree. We have never had dessert here so I can't speak to it. 
We have had excellent service multiple times when we came as couples. I did come here once for girls night and had the same server that I had with my boyfriend and the service was extremely different which I find interesting. I guess a female server serving a group of females is not always going to be the best. She seemed irritated from the beginning and couldn't wait for us to go. When I came back with my boyfriend and had the same server, I told him I didn't think he was going to like her attitude. She was 100% different. She provided excellent service and we REALLY enjoyed her! 
We have been here multiple times where they clear the center tables and make room for salsa dancing, etc. it seems like a lot of work to clear the floor every night that they do this. We've never seen anyone actually dancing. 
The prices are reasonable and it's a nice night out. If you like Mexican food, I recommend giving it a try!Lucha!!!!
The food was excellent and the restaurant design is cool as hell. All lucha masks and even cool lucha pictures. Definitely hit this place up next happy hourDecent Mexican food however not the best in philly. Drinks are ok but over priced. And service is slow because they're under staffed. The decor is amazing and they could really be more successful with a better teamfirst off, the decor is very very cool.
i've been twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner.
we ordered the steak fajitas, citrus salad, guacamole, beef tongue tacos...
and something else..i forget...
it was all very good. the guacamole had just the right amount of acid, the salad wasn't globed with dressing, everybody enjoyed the food.... i wish i got more salsa tho...
i will definitely go back because the service was super fast for lunch.Went here on a random Sunday night.  It was decent.  The prices were very reasonable.  A pitcher of sangria, guac, a starter and entree was $40.  There was plenty of food for two people with some of the entree even left.  There is a small outside area that if you can get a seat there, is nice. It's covered.  
There are so many mexican places in the city that if I was near by I would stop for a drink, but I wouldn't go unless I was in the area.Five of us came in on a cold January night. Fresh made guacamole was fantastic. Not too much cilantro and just the right amount of salt. Entrees were all delicious and ranged from veggie enchiladas to chicken tacos. 
Chips were fresh and crispy although they charged $3 for what we have come to expect to be free. Also, the chips were made from flour tortillas and not corn so they were more like pita chips than tortilla chips, IMHO. 
Special tip, ask for the house hot sauces. Three sauces come out on their own tray and take the food to a new level. Well done.This place makes you feel like you're not in Philadelphia anymore. Waiters are very hospitable. Food is well made, but flavor profile is quite simple. Its not authentic Mexican food, but its quite good. The drinks are unique such as the pineapple jalapeño margarita which is delicious. If you're looking for a place to celebrate a birthday or hangout with a bunch of friends, this is a great option (no more than 10 people).  *P.S.* the special Hot Sauce here is spicy (comes in 3 parts rated 5/10, 8/10, 10/10 in spiciness)Went here for happy hour earlier this week after seeing the sign for $5 margaritas & sangrias while walking by. Originally planned on sitting at the bar but it was extremely stuffy in the bar so we decided to move to a table outside, the bartender was happy to let us move! The gauc was average, but the tortilla chips it was served with were amazing, warm and perfectly salted. We also got the quesdillas which were some of the best I have had! Very happy with the over all experience. My only complaints were the time it took to get the check & I wish their would have been more fruit you are able to eat in the sangria! Will most likely go back to give this place another try!Just finished an evening ghost tour, and looking for a place to grab some dinner and drinks when we stumbled upon this place. It was a Saturday night around 8:45-9:00 PM and we managed to grab the last free table in the place before the wait started. It was pretty packed and busy, but our server and food runners were very attentive towards our party of two. My water glass was always full (this is very important to me, I down my water fairly quickly), and we were constantly being checked on. They have a good selection of specialty cocktails and margaritas, and it was hard to choose which tacos I wanted. They do offer complimentary chips and salsa. The interior of this place is just beautiful. Luchador decor everywhere (even the wallpaper), string lights, and sugar skull portraits. I'd say it's worth it to go just to see the interior of this place, plus you'll get great food (I recommend the pork belly tacos with pineapple sauce) and excellent service.As I've seen old city evolve and change over at various spots, Lucha has been one of the best additions, bringing a nice, fun mexican bar to the area with great drinks and a nice indoor/outdoor atmosphere.The margaritas from this place were beyond my expectations! Not like other places with that concentrated lime juice.Food was distinctly average.  The service was sub-par.  Not impressed.Wow! I am amazed and super happy with the food and service at Lucha Cartel. I had an event there on a Sunday afternoon and all of our food was super yummy! The event was hosted by my friend so she set everything up with the chef and staff. Our food was an array of delicious chicken, pork, veggie tamales, pico de gallo, guacamole, and a kick-ass vegetarian paella that didn't even make me miss meat! My friends and family are still complementing the food and how happy they were with everything. The margaritas were fresh and boozy, just as they should be! I will say that Lucha went above and beyond to make us feel like we had a separate space for our party and that food and drinks were available and delicious. So, thank you to all of the staff who took care of us and to the chef... keep doing what you're doing! I highly recommend Lucha to folks looking for a place to host an event.Parking was easy to find, we found a spot two blocks away. I came here for dinner with some friends and ordered the pork belly tacos, they were delicious! The servers were attentive and refilled our waters quickly. They have $5 happy hour appetizers and drinks as well. They also have the option of indoor or outdoor seating. It's the perfect summer weather for outdoor seats and the light breeze keeps you cool. If you come here, I recommend the pork belly tacos, guacamole and chips, and happy hour specials.I'm not sure how I haven't written a review yet since this is my most frequently visited place in Philly but my husband and I LOVE it here! It's our go-to. To start, the decor is amazing: all Luchador/Day of the Dead themed. So great. 
Their happy hour is unbeatable: $5 house margs, "Especial la Ciudad" consisting of a shot of tequila & a Tecate, and a bunch of delicious snacks. Get the queso fundido: you're welcome. 
Other than happy hour, for dinner I've ordered the chicken enchiladas which are so delicious and a few different types of tacos. The sweet potato tacos stand out for me which were so delicious and different. Also, you need to get the elotes (spicy, cheesy, corn on the cob-y) for $4! For non-HH drinks, the Coco-Rita is my favorite. They use coconut milk and it tastes sooo fresh and delicious, not take coconut like a Malibu flavor or something.
Just go! You'll definitely enjoy your experience!I came here solely because I wanted to eat elotes (thanks internet). But I really loved it. The restaurant had a day of the dead/luchador theme. The food service was great. The food was amazing. The portion size was on the smaller side, but it was enough. I almost prefer that because my tacos wouldn't have reheated well. Prices were fair. I'll definitely eat going back :) the ladies room mirror is awkwardly high. So don't expect to see yourself in it unless you're over 5'6"This place is super cute. The decor is so festive and unique. Definitely gives off cool vibes. There was about a 30 minute wait around 8 pm on a Saturday night so we waited at the bar to get some drinks. The menu is good, but not much variety if you don't like tequila. But they have some pretty funky margaritas. The food was very good. I had the chicken enchiladas. They were spicy and cheese and everything yummy. Someone else at my table had the ceviche and she said it was different than usual ceviche and average. She also had the soup, which she said was great. Another couple at my table had the steak quesadilla and empanadas. They said they were good, as well. However, they had ordered an appetizer and it came out with all of our food. Our waitress was very sweet and the bartenders were also very friendly.This past Sunday we walked into National Mechanics for a brunch 11 people, there was a wait  of an hour so the hostess offered their sister restaurant, Lucha Cartel, right down the street.  A group of 11 starving people were willing to try it out, what a mistake.  When we walked in the place was EMPTY, we should have turned around and left then.  There was a table open that could have accommodated us but they were going to make us wait for a 2 top to get up to seat us at a longer table.  Finally the decided to seat us at the open table. 
A few of us ordered a Bloody Mary and it was by far the worst I have ever, it tasted like poison.  We waited a good 40 minutes for our food, I get it, we were 11 people but like I said the restaurant was empty.  The food was terrible, the only things that were remotely OK were the quesadilla and the chicken sandwich (It is hard to mess up a quesadilla and chicken sandwich.)  My dish, the Huevos Veracruzano, was so horrible that I took two bites and refused to continue eating it.  The service was slow, it took entirely too long to get our check and then for the server to come back and pick it up.  
The entire experience was so bad my friends and I are still discussing it 24 hours later.  Needless to say, I will not be returning to Lucha Cartel and I would not recommend it to anyone.The food was ok, not great not bad. The service was fine. The prices are far too high for what you get. At least one of three things needs to change: the prices (down) , the food quality (up to amazing), or the quantity of food for the price (portions are small). Right now the price/quantity mix is just out of whack.Stopped here for happy hour before a movie. I saw $5 guac and thought, d for that, let's go here. 
We ordered strictly from the HH menu...everything was just okay. I got the shrimp empanadas, split guac / chips and of course ordered myself a classic marg. Guac was great, empanadas were okay, marg was eh. Our server was v sweet and genuine, which definitely made our experience more likable.
I will most likely be back here to enjoy the HH but the food is nothing to write home about.I had a steak last night which was the recommendation from the waitress the steak was so dry I ask for medium well they give me well done the taste was horrible.  Was so price for the quality.My girlfriend and I were craving Mexican tonight and Lucha Cartel was the closest option. We were a little hesitant based on the reviews but we're glad we came. We arrived for the last half hour of happy hour and ordered 5 of the $5 HH appetizers and two 1/2 off beers (any draft beer). It's not the best Mexican food I've had, but the value and volume of food was great. On top of that the service was awesome! Our guac arrived within a minute of our server taking our order and the rest of the items within 10 minutes. I'll definitely be back for the great happy hour specials.
5 appetizers + 2 beers = $30 + tax & tip!I came here with a group of 10 for a friend's birthday. We made reservations during happy hour and got seated upon arrival which was great. The food and drinks were tasty and strong but the service was extremely slow and there weren't even that many people. When the time came to pay the bill there was an added fee on there which we easily handled with the waitress. However we noticed that the bill was higher than before the extra item was subtracted. We were pretty sure they ended up charging us 20% auto gratuity rather than the original 18%. Regardless, the environment, the food, and the drinks were all great for the price especially during happy hour.We were walking around looking for food and happened on this Mexican restaurant. Wow I could not be happier with our choice.  The atmosphere, the staff, the food and Maggie our waitress made everything about this place was awesome! We'll definitely be back.Place is great! $5 Margaritas are cool. And good music that is fun for dancing or just hanging out.Do not order the chorizo tacos if you've had them prepared in any authentic restaurant before. They'll break your heart here.Went last weekend, for the Mojitos which were a diabetic attack waiting to happen. The environment was nice and food was ok. I'm sticking to El VasIt was my first time at this restaurant. The bartender was completely rude. He look like he was angry to serve us a round of drinks. He didn't even greet me and my friends at all. I got food and it was serve with no utensils or napkins at all. I asked for management and they were no where to be found. Definitely NOT going back to this place ever again. It was a waste of time and money. 8/10/17This food might as well have been served on paper plates... oh wait.  It was.
The quality of our meal was on par with Lunchables: questionable meats, filler cheeses, guacamole that did not taste handmade.  
Limited menu.  No salads, despite the ingredients being on hand.  Our waiter seemed just as perplexed as we were about the lack of options.
The ambiance is creative - y como el Dia de los Muertos: black and purple hues and tatoo-like art pique passer-bys' interest.  But once you sit down on the spray-painted picnic tables and glimpse the food-stained paper menus you'll want to bid this funeral adios.I tried this place out after finishing a walking tour in Philadelphia.  Started with the Fresh Guacamole with Chips.  For $11, this was great. The guacamole was made perfect. The tortilla chips were nice and crispy too.  I loved the fact alot of chips were provided, with the large serving of guac. Perfect ratio, as I did not run out of guac before chips.  Then, had a mix of some Cartel Tacos.  Tried the Carne Asada and Crispy Wahoo Fish.  3 soft tacos came in each. The carne asada had a nice spicy kick to them.  So, I would recommend if you love hot sauces trying these. Fish tacos were tasty too with the spicy slaw on them. I would say reasonably priced at $13 & $12. The quality of meats made the meal worth it. I would go back for different Mexican food choices, as rest of menu looked good too!Best margaritas in the city!!! Fun atmosphere and amazing chips and guacamole. The severs were so nice and friendly and always kept our glasses full! Definitely coming back to try the tacos and for Tuesday night salsa.I was pleasantly surprised with this place.  Met my bf for Happy Hour after a rough day at work.  A perk, happy hour is until 7!  We started with the tasty house margaritas.  Everything for happy hour is $5.  Also got a bunch of food and everything was delicious (shrimp empanadas, chorizo sliders, chicken tacos, queso fundido also with chorizo).  Then we finished with a half price craft beer pitcher.  Service was very friendly & I was able to make a last minute Open Table reservation.  I think I found my new happy hour spot!I've been here a few times & it's definitely one of my favorites! The sweet potato tacos & the pineapple jalapeño margaritas are the best combo. Such a great place for a night out with friends.Love this part of Philly, Old City is a great place to go walk around and people watch, absorb some history and get a bite. When we used to live there I would have been so happy to have this place open. The food was pretty good, we had a couple orders of the 3 street tacos, (chicken) and a salad with a yummy cilantro-lemon Vinaigrette. The decor is very cool, festive colorful accents with dark walls. The outdoor seating is great for people watching. So why the 3 stars? Service was terrible, or muy mal if we're keeping it real.  We sat down and at least 15 minutes went by without a drink order. Finally the waiter comes by, takes our drinks order, we order chips and salsa (and really? It's a Mexican restaurant and there's no gratis chips and salsa? But whatev..) (then he never brings them...) At least 20 minutes later I'm parched and our drinks arrive. Another 20 minutes, our food arrives, it was pretty good, the mini accompanying salsas and pico was delish. But, want another drink or another order of something, forget it, our waiter like died or something. It's like crickets there... Then miraculously he resurfaces like 30 minutes later, we ask for the check, which shockingly takes him another 15 minutes to produce.  Took over 2 hours to eat tacos. Food A, service F. 
But other than that, bueno.Old City badly needed a good Mexican restaurant, and Lucha Cartel fills that hole nicely.  
It's owned by the same people as National Mechanics, and you can definitely tell. The decor is weird and dark and nonsensical (there is a Mexican wrestling Last Supper parody done on skateboards...), but it makes more sense here than at National Mechanics.
The food is pretty great.  We started with guacamole served with fresh Oaxaca cheese - super delicious albeit a tad over-priced.  I had a chicken quesadilla again with Oaxaca cheese and some of the weirdest sour cream that did not taste like sour cream ever.  I think the best thing we tried was the chorizo burger - amazingly tasty and tender.
They're currently offering $5 drafts and margaritas, I think as part of their grand opening specials.  The margaritas are tasty but not particularly strong.I've been to Lucha Cartel so many times and am only now getting around to reviewing it. Overall, the food here is pretty good, not amazing, but good. A few standouts are the Guacamole, margaritas, and the Lucha salad. They have a decent happy hour menu where everything is $5, including the house margaritas, which are, in my experience, strong and delicious. Unfortunately, the food on the happy hour menu is much smaller than the normal portions, which is disappointing when you are comparing it to other restaurants in the city that serve their normal size portions for cheaper during happy hour. The service is always good here. They offer outdoor seating when it's nice out which is a nice place to enjoy drinks or food. The bar has a big variety of tequilas and offers different flights. They have a DJ some nights and offer dancing. The decor in the restaurant is unique and interesting, a little dark but cozy. It can get pretty crowded on weekends too, but is always a good, reliable place to come for drinks and food.I just finished a tue night dinner here and after reading the reviews I conclude this is a great place to eat and drink as long as it's not Friday at 8pm. 
The service was great, food awesome, with a decent assortment of good beers. 
I like this place. And I live in coastal California where Mexican is ubiquitous - and I would TOTALLY come back.This place has great margaritas and tapas. Love that they have Mexican sodas, too!Everything besides the food was terrible! If you can, just order out, it is not worth going into the restaurant and having that awkward moment where you realize you're not going to leave a tip. My waiter completely forgot about our table at times and when I asked for a refill on my water, I never got a refill until the end of my mealGreat food, great staff. The reason it's not a 5 star review is because they charge $2.50 for soda refills. That is possibly the cheapest, most obviously selfish and stupidest thing any restaurant could do.Lucha Cartel is one of the few Mexican restaurants in Old City, so I'd consider myself somewhat of a regular. I'm giving it a very solid 3 stars, maybe 3.5 if that was an option. I'm a HUGE fan of Mexican food and my number one criteria is good guac and Lucha Cartel delivers on the guac. In addition to the guac, I always go with the Lucha Salad. It's pretty basic, but if you're like me and always fill up on guac, a good salad is the way to go. I've also had the Crispy Fish Salad and unfortunately, the fish was a dry so since then, I've defaulted back to the Lucha Salad. 
They have solid margs and spicy bloodys at brunch. Service is usually pretty good but sometimes a little slow at the bar. It's rarely packed, so you'll usually get seated at a table right away. One of my favorite things about Lucha is the deck. They have great outdoor seating with umbrellas at every table. It makes for great people watching on Chesnut Street. 
It's also great for takeout! If you call ahead, your order is usually ready in 15 minutes and hey, if you're early, why not grab a marg? 
So, overall, if you're in Old City and craving Mexican - give it a try!Cute theme of luchadores (Mexican mask-wearing wrestlers), which includes a last supper "painting" created with 12 skateboards of luchadores painted on the bottom. The food is pretty standard Tex-Mex, maybe worth 4 stars if that's all you are looking for.  It's the drinks where this place really lets you down.
A $12 margarita comes in a small wine glass and is more than half ice.  When asked why my wife's margarita was the taste and color of water, our sever said you can order a pitcher if you want a bigger serving.  Maybe the pitchers are better - both in terms of quantity and quality of drink - but a restaurant of this kind has a duty to deliver on a $12 drink.  There a lot of places to overpay on drinks, and usually you expect to get something worthwhile back for the cost.  Although the scene is unique here, the value for money is lacking. I'll be taking my business elsewhere.Love the vibe of this place. Awesome decor,  nice outdoor patio, good music. Drinks were a little pricy, but pretty delicious. Got the guacamole and fish tacos. Guac was super fresh and delicious, good presentation served in a cool bowl. Fish tacos kind of surprised me. They were good, but I didn't realize the fish would be chopped fresh up. Still tasted good!The crispy wahoo fish tacos are basically the best thing happening in the world of Old City's Mexican cuisine options right now - and before you say "HOW much Mexican cuisine is really happening in Old City right now?" (I actually don't know..) but the crispy wahoo fish tacos trumps all. 
There is an array of vegan + gluten free options which made it a great place for my vegan/dabbling in GF living friends to dine at. The guac & roasted corn is next level and the homemade chips will make you forget any bagged Tostito you ever thought was a good idea.
The wait staff is amazing and very helpful when it comes to service & deciding which margarita (out of their plethora of options) to choose from when you're on the fence about how sweet you want to dabble your dosage of tequila (aka how sneakily dinner drunk you're looking to get).
The interior décor is amazing!Ok, there are a lot of negative reviews. I agree that they should not have opened prematurely, and tarnished their reputation with a bad opening. But, I had great service, a good meal that was priced appropriately and it was NOT served on paper plates (as another reviewer had the unfortunate experience of.)The plate ware was actually very practical and modern.
Staff : From the hostess to the food runner, everyone was so nice and accommodating, which is so refreshing. (Not like the rude staff at Revolution House)
Food: The chips were delicious and the guacamole was decent. It was a great portion for the price. Was it the greatest guacamole I've ever had, no, but it was still good.
Tacos were good and the standard size. I loved the ramekins that the condiments were served in. Very organized presentation.
Drinks: Margaritas were very good. Although we did not opt for the pitcher as we were informed that its a very small serving. That's not ok
Overall, it's a good place to go for a low key , casual meal/drinks with friends. Don't go in there expecting to compare it to Tequilas, Distrito, El Vez etc. Was I hoping maybe it could compare?? yes, especially because I live a block away, but nonetheless it was good and I wasn't disappointed.  I will be back, and I am rooting for them to keep up with improving their flaws.  I can see in the timeline of reviews that things seem to be improving. Fingers crossed!!The food was good.  The drinks were good.  The service was excellent-thanks Alfonso.  Would definitely go again.Went here with the wife last night and had a great meal! Waitress was extremely kind and patient with us as we wanted to just start with nachos and drinks before making up our mind on entrees. Some places you can tell aren't so accommodating at letting the diner take their time but she was great. 
Nachos were tasty and very fresh tasting with the cilantro and jalapenos. Could have bin warmer as an overall plate but then the fresh ingredients would have lost their pop.
Elotes split for 2 were a nice side to our Pork belly and Wahoo tacos. While we love fish tacos, the hard taco pork belly were unreal. Melt in your mouth flavor.
Total bill for 2 sets of tacos, nachos, elotes, side of chips, pitcher of drink and a beer was $60. Can't beat that for a night out in the city. 
Highly suggest going, cool atmosphere, loved the luchador masks and good Mexican food.Absolutely terrible! We walked into the restaurant and were greeted by the hostess and she was about to seat us at a table that we preferred not sitting at, as we preferred a booth and let her know that. The host told us it would be a couple of minutes. We were seated at a booth and NOBODY ever came over and we waited for well over 5 minutes. Not even a server to pour a glass of water. Granted, it looked as though they may have been understaffed; but that is no excuse to not even check in and let us know that our waiter will be with us shortly. We got up and left. Will not be back.Horrible Establishment 
A group of us were meeting after work to catch up and we went to this place. 2 of us arrived before the rest of the group and tried to get a table. The two hostess refused to sit us and said that we must wait for the entire group to get there then wait to get a table. We told them we were going to start ordering and we don't need to wait for everyone before we order since  they fought us and refused like it was insane for someone to order apps while they wait for their group. Horrible service, then the bartender was very aggressive with one of my coworker because her grabbed a chair from the side to sit at the bar he was very angry and after that they started to ignore us and not service us. Well lets just say our group will not be going back there.We love it here so much..this is our fifth time here for family night...and we will continue to come back..the staff is amazing the food and drinks incredible...can't say enough great things about this placeOne of the hidden gems in city , If you love Mexican Lucha should be on your list to try   Be sure to consider the Conchinta Pibel (pork shoulder on spiced citrus marinade) or Wahoo Fish Tacos . Very tasty drinks and pretty good drink specialsGreat location for patio.  Service a bit slow.  Good happy hour scene.  A bit loud inside but I was out.Went here for happy hour with a large group of friends. Got the $5 margarita special which I thought was a good deal for the city. Margarita was tasty but pretty small. Enjoyed the guacamole and chicken quesadilla but was pretty typical. Service was pretty bad. Had to flag waitress down a lot and my friends sat over 10 minutes with empty glasses a few times. Looks like they need more staff, at least on Friday nights. Didn't really like that we got kicked from our table so I guess they could turn it into a dance club? I was confused because the restaurant already had a large group of people in there ordering drinks/food and then they take our chairs and tables. We would have stayed longer if that didn't happen.  I wanted to really like the place but bad service turned me off.  I hope they read reviews so they can reevaluate some things  they can improve on.Each time I come here, it's better and better. The food is great,  the drinks are delicious and the service is excellent. I'm usually pretty picky about my margaritas. However, theirs are amazing. The Blue Demon in particular. It's a great place to bring your friends and sit   to eat and drink the night away. You have to check this place out and see for yourself!We haven't been back to Philadelphia in 3 years but we remembered this place. Good food. Great servings. Amazing staff (Thanks, George!).  And just a great casual place to go. Guacamole is amazing. We tried the Parrillada and shared and was unique and tasty. I enjoyed adding cactus to my lists of foods I tried. Just a little loud inside but worth it.  Also the decor can entertain you if the person your with drones on and on about boring stuff!!I like the atmosphere in this place and the staff are very friendly. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but I did not enjoy it at all. I had the pulled chicken sopes which in essence, had everything I loved on it. Not sure why I wasn't pleased- maybe the tiny bones in my chicken had something to do with it. Also had zero flavor.
Regardless, my boyfriend loved his chicken fajitas and pineapple jalapeno margarita. I'll be sticking to El Vez.Perhaps we were here on an off night, an off Friday night. Here's my experience from last night.
We walked in, took a table behind an 8 top that was deep into an evening of eating and drinking. After 15 minutes of not being addressed by a server, my wife flagged down the single waitress to ask for menus. We did not receive water for the entire meal, though pitchers of the stuff were being served to other tables.
Our drinks were good, but took 20 minutes to get a refill on. The nachos were cold and uninspired. My carnitas tacos were very good, as was my wife's lucha salad. 
As it turns out, the 8 top was populated by the owner or manager; with his friends. These folks had an endless supply of drinks and food coming to their table. The owner/manager looked at our table a bunch of times (usually after taking a shot), seeing us try to flag down the lone waitress, but never made an effort to check on us. 
My advice, make friends with the owner before coming here.If you're just out of college, celebrating girls night out or a tourist, you'll probably love this place.  But if you're looking for a solid Mexican meal and experience, there's much better.
Pros: Food was definitely above average and wait staff was very nice. Outdoor seating is great if you can get it (we waited 25 mins for two women who'd already paid to finish a gossip session).
Cons: The night we were there, it was 2 parties of eight girls celebrating a birthday and a bachlorette, karaoke night and an ambiance that was really, really loud. The two loud-speaker miscues didn't help.  
Also, for the price of entres, it seemed the food wasn't worth it, though the salads and entres we got were tasty.  
The worst part of the evening was a cheesy move by the bar. We ordered two tequilas inside for $7 each.  When we were outside, we were charged $10 for the exact same drink. They claimed that we'd gotten more alcohol than inside.  I don't see how that's possible when both times were served in a shot glass brimming with ice.  Really, $6 for one less ice cube?  From a customer perspective, I'd call that penny wise and pound foolish.  Not going back to this place - drinks or food.I've had three separate experiences with this restaurant.  First time went for lunch, and after waiting at the bar for about 10 minutes without anyone even offering a menu, I left.  Second time I went with a friend for lunch, and we got served really tasty food!  I had the portobello mushroom tacos and they were great.  That said, we had to ask multiple times for plates, napkins, and silverware before we could start to eat.  Third time I ordered an avocado salad to go.  I gave them an hour before I went to pick it up, and turns out it was never prepared.  On top of that, they still wanted me to pay for it.  I ended up canceling and walking out.  
So, even though the food is good here, the service is not, and there are many options in Philly with both good food and service.Good food & drinks! If you're looking for a Mexican/Dominican food spot, look no further. Oh, the guacamole is SCRUMPTIOUS!Eh. That's how I feel about this spot. The food is okay but not great. In my opinion its only really worth it at happy hour. 
The service is really lacking. I know this place gets busy and crowded but I have been here twice and both times service was pretty terrible. Its incredibly loud inside, and I don't usually mind things like that but its so loud you cant even shout to the person across the table from you.I can't dislike a place that has $17.50 pitchers of Negra Modela - yielded at least 4 large glasses, I believe.  They're also good with giving you free chips to snack on.  We got hungry near the end of our pitcher so we got some steak nachos.  They were just ok, but rather greasy and the cheese was sort of hard, they could have heated it up a bit more.  It was a MASSIVE plate though, easily shared by 4 but as I was just with another person, we couldn't really finish it.
Cute little patio area at least, not a bad place to try out when you're in Old City, but surely I wouldn't make a trip out there for it.Empty at 1am, we were the only ones dancing haha. DJ was cool though, he played what ever we requested. Had cocktails there, my opinion over priced because half the glass was filled with ice. Seems like it could be a cool place but needs some work.Stopped by last weekend for drinks and dinner. We ordered margaritas and nachos to start and also an entree. I wish I would have known how huge the nachos were, there was only 2 of us so we definitely could have made a meal out of just drinks and nachos. When our entrees came we were already pretty full. We ended up taking most of them home but everything was so delicious! Definitely recommend if you're in Penn's Landing and want Mexican food!Being from New Mexico it's really not fair to judge  the foods Quality in comparison to "real" Mexican food. That said it isn't the food that would lead me to advice against frequenting the establishment, it's the bartending; slow, weak, and short. Try some place else.Merengue, Bachata, Salsa heaven!!  The DJ that played last night was amazing and the drinks were mixed well.  This is a place to go to learn, or dance the night away.  I'm from out of town, but would come back just to visit this spot!I always stop in here for some sangria and tacos. If you can score a seat outside on the little deck do it! It's much nicer out there than inside. Service is always just okay.What is there not to love with Lucha Cartel?
- Good Food: check
- Strong and Uniques Margs: double check
- Awesome Mexican wrestling Decor: check, check, check.
Ok, in all seriousness, I wish I lived closer to Lucha Cartel as it's my go to place for a fun, unique restaurant environment that is not lacking on food quality or creative cocktails. The guacamole is a great starter, served with freshly fried (and thin/crispy) tortilla chips. I love the fact Lucha integrates nopales (cactus) into most dishes, I love nopales and Lucha actually knows how to cook/handle it correctly (it gets very slimy if cooked incorrectly).
I've had the fajitas, tacos and the entree for 2...blanking on the name now but it's essentially the holy meat trinity (steak, chicken, chorizo) with grilled veggies served with tortillas and beans. Everything I've ordered has been fresh, hot and tasty. The decor lends to the fun atmosphere, my favorite piece is Lucha's translation of the "Last Supper" - a composition of skateboards painted with the Mexican Wrestling versions of the apostles and Jesus. Brilliant.
Check out Lucha for a fun group spot or crazy date.Happy hour is awesome here. I'm a big fan of the queso fundido and the drinks. I wasn't as crazy about ceviche, empanadas or the chorizo burger. The nachos looked great as well. This is a place I'll visit again for happy hour but probably not for dinner. Tip: HH only includes their traditional margarita not all varieties.Yes. I'm all for this restaurant! Just got done watching the eagles at the Linc ( GO EAGLES) & my mom and he bestie wanted to take me to this restaurant. When I walked in I'm like so in love with the detail or the art and how well put together the place is. I'm glad we came in tonight because they were salsa dancing !! They will teach you to Salsa dance! It was so nice. The food is GREATGreat happy hour! Chicken empanadas and quesadillas are a must. And you can't beat half off corona pitchers. Will def be going here again!The service was slow and iffy, food okay, but not what I typically expect from a higher end Mexican restaurant. Margarita was strong.I recently ate lunch in this restaurant. Service was very slow and I missed the chips and salsa usually served complimentary in Mexican restaurants. I know I could have ordered some, but that would be like ordering and paying for bread and butter. 
What saved the meal and why I'm giving 4 stars were the incredibly delicious portobello mushroom quesadillas I ordered. I would go back for them.The 4 stars are for the flavors of the food we ordered. To start we had the Ceviche Rojo - which is made with red snapper - this was absolutely delicious! Normally when we order ceviche in other restaurants it's enough to split but this was a very small portion for the money. 
At our servers suggestion we ordered the grilled meats entree for 2. It comes out in an oversized bowl on a bed of grilled cactus and banana leaves. The steak was tender and grilled perfectly. The chicken was  juicy. Shrimp was plump. Chorizo flavorful. A side of beans accompanied the entree - this lacked some flavor and was a bit too soupy for my liking. 
The service was good except our table was small and considering all the plates that were crowding us it took a while till someone noticed empty plates should be cleared.
Our drinks were great - Husband had a margarita - I had a Paloma both were refreshing.
Atmosphere here is funky and cool.The Lucha Salad is delicious - juicy grilled chicken, fresh corn, black beans, avocado, tomatoes - lovely presentation and really yummy. Would have rated the meal higher but the service was terrible.Lucha Cartel is one of my favorite places to go to for drinks, dinners, and salsa dancing! They have amazing service and all of their staff are super friendly and amazing service! I have even became friends with a couple of them! It is amazing to eat outdoors during nice weather too on the deck. I go there almost every Tuesday night for free salsa lessons and dancing. You never feel like a stranger there and everyone is part of the family!I come here for Salsa nights. I've also had a dinner or two. It's OK not particularly great food. As a matter of fact my BF and I fell slightly ill after one dining experience. I will still go for the salsa but will likely eat before I leave the house.This place is amazing! Doesn't look like much on the outside but when you go inside it's so much better! My boyfriend and I came here for happy hour and we were very happy indeed! Their sangria was DELICIOUS! It felt like I was in Spain! Their empanadas, queso, and guac were my favorite items on the menu. Definitely going to try more next time. The service was wonderful as well. Julie was so helpful and very attentive and it was only her second day! Wonderful job, Julie! Thank you for making our first and definitely not last experience at Lucha Cartel a great one!I've really come to love this great neighborhood Mexican restaurant. When we first started going to this place couple of years ago the service was a little bit sketchy. Recently, in the last few months or so, the service has really improved. I'm not sure if they added more servers but this is a definite plus. We always love the food so with the added service we certainly will return pretty regularly.Love this place! Very chill spot to come for drinks and fajitas. A tad pricey, but good value.I've been here countless times. It never disappoints. Food always on point. The house margarita is delicious. They have a few infused tequilas which are unique. If I had to complain about something I would say the margarita menu lacks variety. Everything has orange juice, pineapple, too fruity. Throw in some cucumbers, cilantro, less sweet drinks. Also, Sheldon the bartender and Bobby the door man are nice to look at.My girlfriend and I usually hang in Center City, but yesterday we decided to take in the Old City area. We're both big fans of Mexican food, so Lucha Cartel was our choice for dinner. The decor was great with the Luchador paintings and wallpaper along with the eerie Day of the Dead accents. The place was full but we had no problem getting seated and the noise level wasn't ear piercing despite the crowd.  We ordered the Pineapple Jalapeño Margaritas which were outstanding! Our server, whose name fails me now (sorry to him), was always on top of things and very gracious when we had an issue with one of our entrées. My girlfriend is lactose intolerant and her plate came out covered in cheese. It was probably an oversight on our part, but he took it back and brought us another entrée without question or fuss. She had the shrimp with fried plantains which were out of this world!!! Some of the best plantains we've ever eaten. I had the mole chicken which was also very good. The chicken was so tender, I could cut it with my fork. Overall, it was a great meal at a fun place and we will recommend it to everyone we know. Can't wait to go back!I literally can't get enough Lucha Cartel. I have been 3 times for dinner and drinks and always find myself craving to go back. The pineapple jalapeño margarita is my go to drink. It has just the right amount of jalapeño and comes with a tajin seasoning rim to kick the spice up a notch.
I am convinced you can't go wrong with your food order here since everything I have tried has been delicious such as the queso fundido, empanadas, refried beans, and corn on the cob.
Some standout items are the pork belly tacos and the fried plantains.  
I have been on various nights of the week and it's always packed. Reservations would be beneficial. There is indoor and outdoor seating, and the tables are cleared to make a dance floor late night. The service can be slow, but that doesn't deter me from returning.Comfortable, cozy, hip chill spot with cool Spanish soundtracks playing in the background. I say this cause it was Xmas eve and I found myself in Philly. So the energy could easily jump a few notches any other night. The friendly vibe eliminated the potential meloncholy feeling when being away from family and those you love.Went to this place for the first time last night with a date and I enjoyed myself. The waitress was a real sweetheart and was very friendly toward us. She was good at the art of persuasion when it came to ordering drinks, but I appreciate that. The food did not take long once ordered and it was delicious. The pork carnita tacos was very satisfying and savory. I will hope to return here to try the other items on the menu.LOVED the food here.  So fresh, and super fast service.   I will certainly return.  Not to mention, the décor is fantastic.  :)Came here for lunch on a friday when everything else was closed. It was fate... must go! Ask for Tim, best bartender/server ever. Food was great, chips extra salty. Tim makes a great cosmo and margarita! ! Infused with strawberry or jalapeño yummmmDropped by Lucia Cartel on a recent visit to Philly. We went by for lunch; food was decent. Portions were generous. Not bad but nothing special either .Had the Chicken Enchiladas. Placed my order to-go. When I arrived the only server in the restaurant was clearly over-worked. Even after checking in, I stood around for 10 minutes looking at my order sitting across the restaurant from me as she maniacally bounced from table to table trying to placate other frustrated customers. 
When I finally got my order, it was inaccurate. I asked for no onions. Alas, there were onions. The Guajillo sauce was runny, and the enchiladas were generally limp, mediocre, and of course, luke-warm. 
Can't really fault the server. They were clearly undgerstaffed. But this experience has pretty much turned me off of this place for good.The decor was interesting.
The bartender (Cali) was very friendly and knowledgeable of the sounding neighborhood
As I was only in Philly for a few hours and would like to come back with my fiancé.
The Guacamole with corn was amazing.
Then I ordered the slowly cook beef burrito was excellent.
Overall I would recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Philly.
Thank youHands down my favorite happy hour in the city! I love Mexican food, especially tacos and margaritas, and Lucha Cartel does not disappoint. The cheap happy hour prices are an absolute steal. My friends and I each ordered four margaritas and two entrees that turned out to be $30 per person. Even when its not happy hour, the prices are reasonable compared to other Mexican restaurants in the city. All of the food and drinks are fresh and flavorful, so you will craving more. I highly recommend Lucha Cartel, not just for happy hour, but any week day or weekend meal!We came here after a night of drinking and were in desperate need of some brunch. The brunch menu here is a nice blend of authentic Mexican options and standard breakfast items with a twist. I went for the classic huevos rancheros. I liked that there was a lot of different little elements on the plate. There was the main part of the eggs ad tortillas but there was also rice, refried beans, chips and avocado. This made the dish more fun to interact with. As far as taste goes: the tortillas were nice and crispy, the sauce was rich and tomatoey and the eggs were perfectly cooked. There was also a jalapeño chorizo, it was very mild though, I definitely would've liked a spicier sausage. Overall pretty good, but not spectacular.Very surprising. It's a nice joint! You don't expect much looking from outside. We went here by my boyfriend's request. 
The atmosphere is really cool! Lucha masks all over the place; it's all macabre. 
Food was alright and the wait staff seemed mad that I didn't want more than one beer or more than one appitizer. 
I had the vegetarian enchiladas, very good! My boyfriend had the chicken burrito with mild salsa. We both shared the plantains, and they were excellent. 
A decent weekend lunch spot.I've only ever been here for drinks and atmosphere.  Where else can you see a giant painting of the last supper, painted on skateboards, of the 12 apostles in lucha masks?  All of the other art is equally as weird and cool and interesting.  The drinks are tasty, with lots of versions of margaritas.  You can easily get a seat at the bar, out on the deck, or a table on a weekend night in Old City.  It also seems to be low on the douche factor, which is appreciated.  Late night happy hour from 10PM-12AM = genius!  I'm a fan.Quick service. Awesome atmosphere & decor. The nachos were perfect for munching, and the drinks were on spot. Our bartender, Evan, made the night. We will definitely be returning in the future!Popped in after we found our 'go to' place was closed New Years Day.  It was absolutely freezing out and didn't want to hike around.
Couldn't have been happier with our brunch. Started with a pineapple jalapeño margarita -- was the perfect spicy kick to start the new year!! My husband and I both ordered Huevos Rancheros and it was really delicious.  Teenage son got the chicken and cheese quesadilla and enjoyed that as well.  Not a crumb was left from my daughter's pancakes. Our waitress was great--friendly, awesome service.
Wish I had thought to snap a few pics. Will do do next time as we will certainly return!Best Happy Hour Specials in Philly!
$5 mojitos, margaritas, or sangria
and $5 quesadillas, tacos, and guacamole
everything is delicious and really great service!We came here for a friend's birthday. Do not order the tortilla soup, trust me. Albeit reasonably priced, the food was terrible. Fun decor and personable waitress but we will not be back. You'll have better luck at Chipotle! And don't even get me started on the bread pudding. Pic below.Very cool atmosphere but the drinks are only soso and you can say the same about the food. Overall the place is ok but a lot more glitz than actual substance.Service was quick and very friendly.
Had the mezcal margarita and it was delicious!
Order a salad as well and it was delicious and one of a very good portion.
They also offer salsa lesson which were very well taught and super fun!Keep in mind we came here on  Wednesday at 4pm so it was pretty empty (and quiet). The server was attentive and prompt.  Nothing outstanding, but good.  However, the food was very good even compared to some stellar high-end Mexican food in NYC.  We had the fresh Guacamole with roasted corn and Queso Fresco.  It was fresh, tasty and chips were excellent.  I would prefer a bit more spice, but overall well done.  Then we had the chicken empanada.  2 fairly large ones with an excellent crispy crust and chicken was tasty inside.  It was not as moist as others we've had but still good.   My entrée was the Crispy Wahoo Fish which was just about right with spicy slaw and again very good. The Mexican Corn is must have and their  Main Event Margarita was one of the best!  Overall, this is falls just under 4 stars as atmosphere is nothing special and booths are very uncomfortable (table to far apart from booth).   It ain't Toloache good, but it is a great casual, less expensive quality alternative that will have us coming back.I have to say, I was impressed with this place. The inside is has a nice ambiance if you understand the Mexican culture. Low lighting and good music in my opinion. Our waitress was great, she was alert and on point and assisted us with the menu and ordering. She gave great recommendations on the food from her own experience as well as drinks. The food and the drinks that we ordered were amazing and they all had there own unique inclusion in it. You really couldnt go wrong with anything that you order here. Everyone that works here was very professional and we would all definitely come back.All of our food was super delicious, the service was great and the decorations were all really neat. I loved the whole place!