I have even waiting in line to see when the next availability was for my lane... I came up to the line that I requested my name bc there was some lanes available and apparently the manager, SEAN... Was very hostile towards me stating that ppl had purchased the lane and there was nothing I could or he could do about it. It was fine until he ended up getting loud with me. It was a question and wasn't trying to be hostile towards him... Until I spoke with, justin... Who apologized for Sean's actions and confirmed our spot and explained to us that there was a party that had purchased a couple of hours of the lane. I wish the manager, Sean, would of explained things better than freak out on me. Def not my intention... Clearly, Sean does not know how to work under pressure... But, thanks justin... You have been great!Heard great things about lucky strike in other cities was really excited to go. Interior was cool and bartenders looked decent. However front desk staff was absolutely horrible. Not sure if it was his first day or not but if so he shouldn't have been alone taking care of customers. We waited 25 min in line just to get a lane mind you there were only two people in front of us... there was not
Many people there so I couldn't really understand why service was so lax. Then our lane wouldn't work and it took another 20 minutes for them just to get someone to look into the problem for us. Manager didn't even come over to our lane to remedy the situation. Majority of staff did not know what they were doing. We waited 45 minutes and didn't even bowl, eventually after waiting all that time we asked for our money because we couldn't wait any longer. Staff had attitude when we expressed our frustrations. Extremely disappointed will not be back unless they decide to fix these issuesI like talking with my friends when I bowl, but I do not need an overpriced place like this to do it.  Yea yea, I live in a city but hush, you, I want fun at a reasonable price.  Go during an earlier time to beat some of the crowd.  The time I went our wait was a pretty reasonable time and we got our lane before we expected it.  The food here is pretty good, and by good I mean greasy goodness snack time!  The drinks seemed a tad bit pricey but looked very cute.
I really like the whole atmosphere of this place, but the price tag just made me bump down a star.  And the fact that our waitress didn't help move our food from the waiting/lounge portion to our lane when we finally got one (i.e. utensils and napkins for six, six plates, and three plates of food, on top of each of us carrying our awesome bowling shoes. just great).Always a good time at Lucky Strike! I tend to go here late night but its a great atmosphere and so much fun when you go with a group of friends! Drink prices here are pretty much in line for a good place in Center City...not cheap but not  overly pricey either.2nd floor bar , the man bartender was only serving men with skinny jeans and deep V neck shirts! He would ignore everyone else! I feel like he was very bias toward the straight guys and woman! Very poor service and will never come back here even if I had to drop a deuce in the bathroom!Came here this past Thursday to grab some drinks and a bartender here named Dennis cured my cold. I asked him to make me some kind of mojito that would clear my sinuses and that he did with a rumplemintz mojito. It was delicious and it cleared my sinuses, what more can I ask for!I like this place. It was pretty fun. I did come during the day however, where it was not so crowded as it is supposed to be at night. The atmosphere was, well, fun. We had a few snacky snacks which were okay .. obviously much better then typical bowling lane food. Leather sofas at the score tables rather then hard plastic benches. Funky decor. Loud music/TV. Fun, fun, fun for everyone.
I'm not one to be caught in the Philla Philla ... but if you were to find me, I'd probably be here !i like my bowling establishments to not be so overtly racist with their dress codes.  And if you think that no baggy pants, no baseball caps, no timberlands isn't trying to say no blacks, you are living in an airy fairy dream world   I didn't realize that the black community wreaked such havoc on bowling alleys.***Review not based on food***
TLDR: Highly recommend the bottomless bowling special, and the front desk dude is dope. 
I went with a couple of my friends for the Mon-Thurs bottomless bowling, and I would do it again in a heartbeat. It's $15 for all you can bowl, with free pool and shuffleboard. This is a great deal, and the place was empty enough that we were able to step away from our lane, play some pool and shuffleboard, and start playing again without being bumped from our lane. 
Some stuff to note is that the pins got stuck in the gutter a couple times, but they were able to fix that promptly. As for the drinks, service was kind of spotty. We ordered and paid for a cider, only to be promised the empty keg would be changed. We checked in twice with the bartender in ~30 min, only to have her finally admit the keg would not be changed that night. We were able to get a more expensive cocktail at the same price, but it was a hassle. 
The reason lucky strike still gets 5 stars from me is cause the front desk guy is awesome. There was a shattered glass incident, and he was very chill about it, and even offered to get us a new drink on the house. He was also super receptive to whenever the lanes needed fixing.  Super impressed!
As for enforced dress code after 9pm, as long as you don't show up in sweatpants you're good. People were dressed very casually.I participate in a bowling league at Lucky Strike on Sundays.  We always waste time waiting for the lane to be fixed after it breaks down.  I'm pretty sure we've had some kind of malfunction every week.  The waitstaff never know what drink specials we're supposed to have.  This isn't their fault, someone in management needs to let them know because we come every week.
The bathroom is pretty gross for what is supposed to be a nice place.
I will return just because its the closest place for me to bowl.  I miss Strikes in UC.Compared to other bowling alleys in the area, this is one of the better ones if you're looking for a classier, trendier environment. I have been to places such as North Bowl in Northern Liberties, which is also very good, but North Bowl tends to necessitate waiting for an hour or two to get on a lane. With Lucky Strike, you tend to get a lane in a reasonable amount of time. Weekends are more crowded than weeknights of course. I belonged to a bowling league that met here on Sundays, and I have hosted a number of work-related events here over the past several years. The staff is friendly, and when you make package reservations, you get food options, and they even provide alcohol if you are willing to spend extra. If you are reading this and are considering a reservation, book in advance, since large group reservations tend to fill up many of the lanes. They have two floors worth of lanes, so there are a number of lanes to go around, but that doesn't mean they can't fill up with group reservations. Group reservations can be a little pricey, but in my case, I can expense much of the cost to my work organization. Just understand the cost if you are making reservations for, say, your friends and family. I have seen some staff here come and go over the years, but there have been regulars here for some time as well. The only con I would say is that while some staff is purely there to serve you, I have dealt with some that are more like salespersons. You have to make sure you are very clear about what you want and need and do not add on more to your package if you do not want or need it. I think that comes with the territory in any place trying to sell you their "regular" package versus their "premium" package.We have had our company holiday party here for a few years and we always have a blast!  The bowling is great, we have access to a pool table, and those who don't want to play either have plenty of room to sit and just hang out!  No matter what, we're guaranteed to have a great time!  The food is good, the servers are fast, and the atmosphere is fun and relaxing at the same time.  The bar is great.  Lots of choices, they have pretty much everything you could want!  The customer service is top notch!  Planning events is always smooth and easy and they are very accommodating.  Especially when dealing with Heather M!  She is very professional and extremely helpful!!  I would recommend Lucky Strike to anyone looking for a place to have a party or just bowl and hang out!The atmosphere was good the drinks were just mediocre. I had a few beers and some appetizers and played a few games of pool.  All the prices we within reason for the area.  However when I was ready to leave I went to the bar to signal the bartender to tell him to close my tab out and he replies that "we don't do that here you have to go to the other end of the bar."  So I go to the other end of the bar and the other bartender tells me that I cant close my tab out. So i look for the manager, upon finding her I explain to her whats been going on and she is not the least bit happy. She promptly goes behind the bar and asks the bartender what is going on and he tells her the same thing. She is furious with him and tells him that this is not the way we deal with customers.  She retrieves my bill and I paid my tab and left.  Needless to say I will not be coming back to that establishment, if that is how customers are treated. I don't care how busy you are at night.How disappointing! I used to frequent this place all the time for lunch when I worked across the street. I know it's a bowling alley, but they always had great burgers, homemade chips, and decent beer selections. Granted, that was 3 years ago, but we were in the area in need of a quick bite. I had always talked about how they were literally my favorite burger, so why not revisit? They changed their menus (again). This is the second major menu change here that I survived, but barely. They got rid of all normal burgers! It was regular burger, mushroom burger, or super spicy burger, or pulled pork. So for ppl that want a regular moo cow burger, you're choices are nothing. And no more homemade chips. It was just such a disappointment. Not that I frequent this place often or these days but I'm out from returning for anything other than bowling and miller lite.Everything about this place sucks - the food, the prices, the decor, but most of all, the people, especially the management. Worst customer service I've ever had anywhere. Horrible, horrible, horrible. I would sooner eat half-eaten pizza from the trash can than give them another penny.Incredibly disrespectful staff. We walked into lucky strike around 8:45 on a Saturday evening and were grouped together with another group of drunk patrons that were disrespectful to the staff. The staff told us we couldn't play pool, could not reserve a lane to bowl, and were basically told to leave and go somewhere else to eat. We hadn't had anything to drink in nearly two hours and were grouped in with the disrespectful group ahead of us in line. It was outrageous. I won't be returning to Lucky Strike anytime soon.Terrible.
I didn't know it was possible for a place to screw up bowling so badly.
I was excited about a venue for adults that didn't want the teenagers in athletic gear drinking from whiskey from their pepsi bottle sort of crowd. Unfortunately, that is EXACTLY what we were next to. 
Three of the six people didn't even rent bowling shoes. They were yelling inappropriately and treating the place like it was BYO . The staff just ignored them.
Also the waiter was pretty decent so me and two friends decided we were going to give 20%, but before we had a chance, the waiter included 20% on our check without even asking us (for three people). I know I was planning on doing 20% anyways but I at least want it to be my choice.
Overall this place was a waste of money, we all just wanted to get out as soon as possible.
Seriously, even if you like bowling. Do. Not. Go.
I wish I paid more attention to the other reviews. This place is horrible.So much fun. I brought my daughter and her friends here for her 19th bday. Grown up yet kid-like entertainment. Lets adults frel like kids. Im comin for my 50th... yay cant wait. Gonna have a blast like always. Why is everyone so worried about prices..  just come and have fun. You cant put a price tag on that..  can you,?We had our company holiday party there on Friday and it was great!  The staff was so accommodating and even went out of their way to make sure things were going just as we wanted.  Everyone at the party seemed to have a fun time. Will definitely be back!!Never had a bad time at this bowling alley!
Never ate here.
Drinks are good.
Very friendly Staff!I loved the place and the service, everybody was so nice and helpful. If you don't have a reservation for a Saturday night I recommend to go somewhere else since you can't wait until two hours  other than that everything was awesome.I came here on a Friday night at 7 pm and the place was nearly empty because it was so beautiful outside, so that may be the trick if you want to grab a lane without the wait!
I suggest going in a big group because it can be pricey. We had 5 people and it was around $17/person for an hour. Drinks were not insanely expensive, and the food was reasonably priced as well! 
Food picks: fried sweet potato tots and nachos were both tasty and shareable. 
Very friendly service and attentive wait staff. There is also lots of space to sit and relax (though the music is pretty loud), or play games like giant jenga! Plus there are pool tables and a ping pong table if you want to mix it up. Overall, great place for a night out.Ok, it is a bowling alley right?  You rent shoes which have been worn by countless people and somehow your fingers just smell funky from the bowling ball, yes?  My parents are both bowlers.  They are great bowlers, and alas, I was not so lucky.  I am a sucky bowler, but I have fun at the alley.  
Anyway, onto the review.  Honestly, I felt that the drinks were overpriced for what you were getting.  I heartily believe that my vodka/tonic was watered down.  We waited for a few hours only to end up paying $7 per person per game + $3 for shoes and we only got to play one game because they were closing at 10pm.  Lame.  And all this was on a Monday night!  The place was so packed that we had to wait until special groups were done before we could get our turn.
BTW the waitresses, those poor dears, looked like they should have been at the roller derby not a bowling alley.  All in all, I don't think we will be back soon, at least not if we actually want to bowl.  
Take my advice, just drive over to South Jersey and find some lanes in Cherry Hill then head over to some random diner.  Ah, the perfect blue collar night!I have been here before, but this week was my first happy hour experience. The drink specials are top-notch, with both $2 and $3 drafts and $4 wines. I heard that the $5 mixed drinks taste very watered down, so I stuck with beer. The food was also pretty good, and we had plenty to share for our group. The lanes are clean, the lighting is cool, and the place was nice and quiet at 5 pm so we easily got a lane.
The bowling here is pricy! We took advantage of the empty place and made our one game last well over two hours. Obviously we weren't very intense about bowling, but it was a nice thing to do while catching up over some food and drinks.
This place is not that bad! I definitely recommend going during happy hour in the middle of the week. You will feel like you got your money's worth! Yes, there are absolutely cheaper, and better places to go bowling in Philadelphia...but, NOT in Center City. So, if it's the location and convenience you want, pay up!This place is not high-end like it claims the be. The furiture kept moving around while we were bowling it was annoying. The drinks were way too overpriced. We spend two hours of bowling which rounded up to 200 dollars and the lane seems a little shorter than average. this is the last time Im ever coming here againRude staff. Wait for hours. Not worth your time. If you like TGI Fridays and waiting around this place is a blast.Rude management.  Many repeated technical errors-unresolved by management.  Unfriendly, lack of warmth, not fun, expensive.  Horrible food.  Really bad service.   Style over substance.   Do not cater to kids at all.   Extremely frustrating experience overall.   Dark even in the day time.  Lots of potential but don't spend your hard money on potential fellow Philadelphians.   We have too many fun places with great food and great service.  It's not too much to ask.I went here on a first date with my now-boyfriend...so I guess it can't be all that bad, huh?
But seriously, folks, this place is a lot better than your average neighborhood bowling place. This could be due to the fact that it's hella expensive, thus weeding out the  12-year-old kids contingent. There's a lounge area where you can wait for lanes to open (as a note, it took half an hour for one to open up for us), which is pretty cool. It has an overall less seedy vibe than any other place I've gone to bowl. Our server showed up once and then never again, but whatever, we didn't need him anyway.really good service but the overall appearance of the place wasn't great. the couches were super crappy and had the broken, jagged pieces of a clearly super worn couch. probably won't return.Ok, where do I begin? 
The Good: 
The cheese fries with seasoned ground beef are YUMMY! So are the fried macaroni thingies! 
The Bad: 
I booked a reservation for 10 people with Dionna the Tuesday before the party. 
Saturday night the birthday girl arrives while I'm still en route, and she's informed that we don't have a reservation - despite Dionna's insistence that our reservation was booked. They had a few open lanes though, so we were able to get into one of those. 
Our waiter, we'll call him "Moshua", was not the friendliest, but whatever - maybe he was tripping off of the fact Lucky Strike is "high class" bowling alley. "Moshua" brought our food and drinks, and then disappeared for a while. My friends bowled (I haven't bowled in years b/c I need those blow-up bumpers to even get my ball down the lane - don't judge me!). 
So "Moshua" came over to see if we needed anything else, and I ordered a dessert for my friend so we could sing happy birthday to her. I also asked Joshua if they sing there. He said no, so I asked him if he'd sing - he declined, and then he didn't even bring the dessert - he had a runner bring it. 
Also, the bathrooms were FILTHY! Seriously, I could smell them before I even walked inside. There is NO REASON for a ladies room to EVER smell like that! My friend is a nurse and even she was disgusted!
I think the birthday girl described it best - at Lucky Strike, they have a way of making guests feel like they're inconveniencing the staff, which makes ABSOLUTELY no sense, since they are PAID to serve us. 
Also, the website claims that there's a dress code - but um, that place was HARDLY fabulous, as it is a BOWLING ALLEY! I didn't expect to have to don a ball gown, but I felt like I was one of the dressiest people there!
After we left, we were informed by a friend of the birthday girl who wasn't able to make the party that Lucky Strike is notoriously racist. I don't know how much truth is in that, but I do know that I didn't feel very welcome, and also know that I won't be back.Nice bowling alley! Pretty good vibe. However when we went the A/C was out so it was extremely hot inside. We could only play one game and we had to go before we passed out. It is also super expensive to bowl here. It's probably because it's right in the middle of downtown but the prices seemed a little outrageous.Bartenders are the most rude people on the planet and the bar wasn't even packed. Not a good first experience. Won't be back.We were there tonight for their Halloween party. The service was absolutely terrible! We paid for a server and bottle service. The waiter was horrible when we actually saw him which was rarely. Not to mention the fact that he spilled an entire beer on one of us. At one point I actually went up to the bar just to order water because we hadn't seen the waiter in 45 minutes. The wait at the bar was ridiculous. I was repeatedly skipped over. However, I made it back to the table a half hour later, and the waiter still hadn't been back to the table! I had to track the waiter down to order food and when it came it was not what I ordered. The bathroom was disgusting! There was trash everywhere, no soap, no paper towels, and no toilet paper for at least an hour! This was my first time at this place and it will certainly be my last!Turns into a pretty upbeat place after 9 PM.  Drinks are a bit pricey, but the food is reasonable and pretty good considering it's a chain.  The service is good, the layout is neat, and I would recommend Lucky Strike's over North Bowl in NoLibs.  Make sure you check the dress code, and I'm pretty sure it's 21+ after a certain time.$75 per hour per lane on Friday & Saturday nights?  What a ripoff.  We arrived around 11:15pm on a Saturday night and wanted to pay for 2 hours.  Girl says she can't sell us 2 hours because they close at 2 am.  Fine, so we pay for 1 hour.  Instead of sending us to the upper level which apparently stays open later, we get assigned a lane on the lower level.  (We found this out after having our game shut down in the middle of a roll, forcing us to finish our drinks at the bar, then get asked to move upstairs which stays open later.)  WTF!?
I drank beer, but others in my party went for rum & Cokes which were super weak.  When bringing it to the attention of the bartender, the reply was "In a good drink, you can't taste the alcohol."  Really?  Can I get a sack of magic beans to go please?
On a positive note, it's a clean & fun facility, but the staff needs to educate customers & be more service-oriented.I'm in a bowling league through Lucky Strike, so I've been bowling there at least once a week for the better part of 3 years. By far the best place to bowl in Philly. There is a great atmosphere, and the delicious food and great service are just the icing on the cake. The staff is friendly, helpful, and always willing to sort out any issues that arise. The fact that my games are only 90 minutes long, but I spend about 6 hours there every time I go speaks for itself. They have plenty of activities to keep people entertained and great drink specials!I would give this place negative stars if I could. Call ahead of time, they say no wait. We get there and the lady says give them half hour. Okay. 1 hour later the lady says "I lied" when I said she told us half an hour. I was baffled. Thirty minutes later and we're still waiting. Probably not even going to bowl now. Everything costs money while you wait also. Service sucks. Avoid.Another place on the itinerary for my buddy's bachelor party last weekend.  Let me start by saying..it's allright to throw a gutterball when the blondes in fishnets start parading down the runway adjacent to the lanes...decent bar food and unlimited bowling and open bar arrangements available...Good place to kill sometime before our next destinations....Plus management never objected to our Iron man style hurl the bowling ball down the the other teams lane as hard as you can because we only have 10 minutes left competition..  The place lacks the cheese fries,  stale smoke in the air, bathroom overflowing, bar from the movie Star Wars that would make Jeffrey Lebowski say right on.  Dude...this place isn't for you dude.DING!  DING! DING!
Lucky Strike you are lucky enough to be my 100th review!  (I am throwing confetti in the air between key strokes).
I was involved in a large event at Luck Strike last year and was very pleased with how it went down.  The service was good the food and the food was excellent.   I had a great time not having to worry about all the details because the event coordinator was very helpful from start to finish.  I can't really speak much about the bowling aspect because I spent more time boozing and eating than actually bowling but it seemed like everyone actually bowling was having a good time.The Rude Service is awful and the attitude is pathetic! 
The front desk caters to who they know and price accordingly if you start bitching.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR $$$ 
Place is Dirty from the Drinking Glasses to the Bowling Balls, Pool Table areas and lounge chairs are filthy!Absurdly overpriced. $9 for a watered down whiskey and an extra $2 to get it on ice. Horrible service and insanely expensive. We split the check on 2 different cards and when the transaction cleared it all went I to one card. Avoid at all cost.We wanted to waste some time before an open bar so we stopped in to Lucky Strikes. Aside from the odd stairwell, everything looked way better than your average bowling alley.
Lots of couches and waiting areas doused in medium-ish light, pool tables, and rows of bowling alleys? Can you say awesome?
However, we didn't get to experience the awesomeness since we were told the waiting time for a bowling alley was 3 hrs.
They did have really clean and nice bathrooms too. I'll try to check it out the next time I'm in the area (assuming its not a weekend night with a multiple hour wait!)Just came home from an after work "happy hour" at Lucky Strike and could not have had a more frustrating experience.  We showed up with 12 people for the specials advertised from 5-7 and went on to book 2 lanes.  We payed for one game at first, planning on adding a second game for those who wanted to stay later.  We were told it would be $10/person for the first game, and then $5/person for every game thereafter.  So we start bowling, eating, and drinking at our leisure, and then just as we were about to finish the game our waitress informed us that we'd have to wrap it up as there was a reserved party coming onto our lane in 10 minutes!
Hearing this surprise, 2 of us immediately went to the host desk to see what the deal was.  The worker there basically told us the same thing so we asked to speak to a manager.  She came over and once again said that we'd have to finish our game in 10 minutes and then evacuate the lane for this private party.  We told her that it was not made known to us from the start that we could only play one game, or that we had to be done in a certain amount of time.  Her response totally made it seem like we were in the wrong and were taking too long, and then offered us a game on her on the next available lane . . .  WHICH WAS IN 2 HOURS!!!
I've been here a bunch of times and had nothing but great experiences each one.  But the audacity of this manager, Shari, to take no responsibility and not even have the decency to make it up to us other than telling us to wait 2 hours fully ensures that this will be my last.  When we told her some of us had just ordered food she said "I'd be happy to have that moved to the couch area for you!"  If you're looking for a fun and easy place to bowl, then North Bowl in Northern Liberties is  much more friendly and accommodating.This is a different option for happy hour after a long day at work. In my head to keep customers from getting too drunk there are so many things to do while eating and possibly drinking. What place in center city Philadelphia can you find pool tables. bowling, table and video games? Not many that I'm aware of. A few months ago I attended a Sixers season ticket holder event here at Lucky Strike. During the event the staff did a very good job of keeping the hors d'oeuvres following nicely throughout the space and timed perfectly.  This would be a nice choice for an after work event or a party as they have spaces specifically for these types of events.
On this occasion I stopped in after a fashion show at Macy's across the street and before a movie at the Prince Theater a block away. This lounge is very close and convenient to shopping, other more formal dining and the arts in Philadelphia. During happy hour they have a nice drink and food selection menu. I have added the menu to my attached photos. Whenever I can find the 'City Wides' special I always order it, here the cost is $3.00 and you have the choice of Miller High Life Beer or Pabst Blue Ribbon. I think it's a nice touch to have an option. Since I would be in the movie theater for a few hours and the Prince does not sell actual food not to mention the concessions are way overpriced in my opinion, why not grab something to eat. In fast food and non seafood establishments I'm generally reluctant to order fish but in this case 'Fish and Chips' were $8.00 during happy hour so I went for it. I'm glad I did as this was not the typical frozen Mrs. Paul's codfish. I was very pleased with the crispiness of the batter and the flakiness of the 'meaty' fish. The fries appeared to be in house 'fresh' cut fries, they had a nice crisp not over cooked texture and not overly salty. The service was fair nothing to speak of one way or another, so no need to address it. For a review that can be a bad thing. 
The next time I'm downtown I will make sure to stop in and try another item on the menu. The MAJOR concern I have is, the customers tend to congregate in front of the entrance making it difficult for people walking on the pavement to pass easily. When you say excuse me in order to continue to pass the customers leaving or going into Lucky Strike can be very rude and ignorant with their response or lack there of. This may be a deterrent to some customers that may consider going inside. This should be monitored and addressed by Lucky Strike!! I'll reserve the option to update and increase the stars or review score based on more information. Until then happy hour bowling!Great place for a night out without the kids. I came here for a watch party and really enjoyed myself.I joined a PSN Bowling League and our games are held Sunday nights at Lucky Strike. Our league pretty much takes up an entire floor of the bowling alley, so the lanes are reserved and it's been really fun. I've been here once before (non-league), during the week to play a few games and that was enjoyable too. 
There are several pool tables, a full bar, and a full food menu of apps, salads, entrees and desserts. I've only tasted the nachos, but I've seen several other dishes devoured like there was no tomorrow. There are projectors streaming mostly sports on the large screens above the bowling pins, so you can bowl and watch "the game". There is also plenty of couch space and tables behind each lane.  I've been in two lanes that have broken down for one reason or another and it took a bit of time to get the situation remedied. This was a bit frustrating because we bowl based on time and try to fit in as many full games as we can, but for the most part service has been good. 
I would never come here on a Friday or Saturday night. 1. Too busy. 2. They list a dress code. Not that I regularly wear chains, soiled clothing, or motorcycle/gang colors, but the fact that they feel the need to list a dress code makes me wonder what type of crowd frequents this establishment. I've seen and have not been surprised that the wait for a lane can be upwards of an hour on the weekend. It's understandable, it's a cool place to hang out! I've been to several bowling alleys in Philly and Lucky Strike had been lower on my list.  The trick is to come here during off peak times to have the best experience possible.Location is great, lanes are alright, foods good.  But the figure holes in the balls could be a little bigger.I enjoyed my outing at Lucky Strikes for a variety o reasons. Around this time for the past few years, I make a trip down to Philly to celebrate my friends birthday over the weekend. The weekend usually is comprised of several events and activities. This year, Lucky Strikes made its way onto the itinerary. 
The place is very spacious unlike the one in NY. We arrived mid day and I could really get a chance to appreciate all aspects of the place. 
My friends ordered food and I ordered a drink from their massive bar. I noticed the super sized games for kids. The game area for kids was a plus because our party included kids. There was also a pool table area and that impressed me as well. The bowling was fantastic and I even got 2nd place! My next trip to Philly will include bowling at Lucky Strikes.We took a group of 8th graders here during a week-long field trip in Philadelphia, and I believe this was easily their favorite activity from the trip. We were well taken care of by the staff and given sufficient liberty of the facilities. The students had nothing to worry about except having a great time!
The staff kept a consistent flow of refills all night. They had four pitchers for us: root beer, water, lemonade, and...Shirley Temples! That was a cool touch. For food, they kept us full on wings, fried mac and cheese balls (cool), and cheese pizza. The pizza was not my favorite; I liked the amount of cheese and the super thin crust, but the flavor was a little off. I think they used dried herbs for the sauce or something. It had that kind of taste to it.
Overall, very "hip" place. Music was great (trendy without playing anything inappropriate--kudos!) and lighting was fun.Since a lot of times the day and time and context of a visit greatly influences a first impression of a place, I'm sticking with 4 stars for Lucky Strike. I'd have to go a few more times to be able to tell whether bumping it up a star is meritable (is that a word?)
There are plenty of admissions that can be made for this place, like that it's a bit hipstery (whatever it means), the game prices are high, the over-abundance of screens can be both nice and annoying, among other things (like the bouncer), but in my experience the whole place represents a very refined modern day way of spending a simple night out and having some fun. The music was diverse (3 songs I really like and was surprised to hear), the food was GOOD, the place was spacious, the floating screens ruled, there were bowling lanes available (they're not to be taken seriously, just in fun), there were pool tables if you prefer, the bathrooms were just fine, no cover charge, a nice stacking and blending of areas and aesthetics: bar, semi-couch-chaises, tables, barstool tables behind the side bowling lane seats, and 2 levels/floors each with a slightly different look and feel.
It was like Dave & Busters without the videogames, and nicer.
Overall it's an easy place to hang out and have fun without feeling too formal or too disorganized. Dress how you like, take a date or a friend, and enjoy yourself!OK, now that my 3 year old is nearly 7 - this place is a wee bit more appropriate.  (Incidentally she had her 6th birthday party and will have her 7th also at North Bowl).  Meanwhile - we popped in for a quick game (she bowled - I watched - our poor server, Dennis (bless his heart) served us 2 glasses of water).  $11.00 for 1 game ($5.95) plus show rental.
Sheesh.  Glad I didn;t order a cocktail.
Meanwhile - the BASE price for a kis party here is now $25 a head.
The music was very loud - but they turned it down for us.
Lanes are clean and seating is comfortable.
Very "clubby" - just as it was when we came here years ago.
The 7 year old loves it! (But - she did say that she likes North Bowl better - and so do I for many reasons.)
It sure ain't the crappy old bowling alley that I grew up with!I really want to like this place but it just never delivers.  The atmosphere is the making for a good time.  Comfy couches, low lighting, funky art and big televisions.  Even their bowling shoes are nicer than your average bowling place.  The lanes are new and never seem to be having problems.
But, the downfall comes with 1. the price and 2. the service.  This place is stupidly expensive.  Their specials don't do it for me, either.  The employees have a lot of attitude.  I get it, you're cool and we're not.  
If you have a lot of money to burn and a fun group of people, you'll probably have a good time.  But, you could probably find something more fun to do for way less money.So I went to Lucky Strike's for a meetup yesterday afternoon and I enjoyed myself.  It seems like there's lots of kids around and it's definitely more of a "normal" bowling alley feel.  My Bloody Marys were Bloody Awful and the service was kind of spotty.  One star for the lane guy giving us 10 more minutes on the lane because of some confusion over when the time started.
Oh, and I was severely out of dress code wearing a hooded sweat shirt and a sports jersey (The Mighty Manchester City FC were playing that morning) and the dress code was not "strictly enforced" for me.  I am unsure if this is because I am a white woman and clearly not the target of the dress code (see my previous review) or if because it was at noon on a Saturday and no one cared or saw what I was wearing.Good place to bowl in the city it is massive and has three floors. ! i have always been here with large groups. One thing i would reccomend is to order the fried mac n cheese balls they are delicious!Went to Lucky Strike for a company Holiday party over the past weekend and had a pretty good time. 
The atmosphere was more like a bar that also has bowling. We had private lanes reserved off to the side so that kept us contained in our own little world. The food was pretty decent considering it's a bowling alley, but would be just average for a pub. The fried mac & cheese was pretty good though. 
The staff was was friendly and accomodating. The waitress did forget my drink order several times, but that was probably more a function of too many people in our group for one waitress to easily handle. 
I can't on the pricing because I didn't have to pay for anything. 
All in all Lucky Stike is a better choice than going to your standard bowling alley for non-bowlers such as myself.This is the swankiest bowling alley you'll ever find, and I just love this place.  There's just something about a smelly, flourescent-ly lit, dingy bowling alley that I find unappealing, and the thought of putting my feet into shoes that some other person has sweated in turns my stomach, but Lucky Strike takes bowling to a whole other level.  It's got a great martini-bar style atmosphere, and it's roomy, so it's good for crowds.  Every time I've been there, my friends and I have had to wait for a lane, but it's okay because we also went there to order food and have some cocktails.  They give out those vibrating coaster things that let you know when your lane is ready, so you can enjoy yourself in the bar area until then.  The cocktails are well-done, and the food is really, really good.  My only complaint is that the food and drinks are a bit on the pricey side.  The bowling is pretty reasonable, though - $4.95/game before 5 p.m., $5.95/game after 5 p.m., and $3.95 for shoe rental.  
The bowling experience is also fun.  It's got cool lighting, clean shoes, a vast assortment of balls (so that a weakling like me can find a light one), and the people the next lane over are likely to be really fun, cool, young people to talk to rather than the pot-bellied old me you find in other bowling alleys.  I'm pretty sure that there are Lucky Strikes in other cities, too, but this is the only one in Philly, and it's worth checking out, even if you don't plan to bowl at all.Their Mon-Thurs special is amazing! $15 for unlimited bowling, pool, and ping pong 9pm-12am. We took my family who were in town visiting and we were all impressed with how nice it looked inside and the friendliness of the staff here, very different than the attitudes I have seen at other locations in other cities. There was a minor problem with our lane and when we asked a staff member to look into it, they gave us a new lane as well as $50 in gift cards for our trouble (which was seriously minor). We will definitely be back with friends to enjoy the weeknight special, although the priciness of food and bowling other times will probably limit us to only weeknight customers.I decided to have a bowling party and initially decided on North Bowl or Strikes in West Philly (now closed). I was nervous because of the reviews on here and potential for a bro-down stuffy over priced loud club. Strikes closed, and NoLibs was not convenient for many of my center city guests, so we committed to Lucky Strikes.
Upon arrival our reservation still stood and the staff was friendly. Drinks were about on par for any other center city joint (not pub prices, but "club" prices) but drinks were stout and the service was quick and friendly. The food was great (for a bar/bowling alley) and didn't leave us feeling ripped off. Lane set-up was easy and the staff was quick to assist adding players. 
We got there thirty minutes early and hung out shooting billiards, lounging on the couches and watching football. The place was clean and playing decent music. There is a variety of seating and hanging areas. The lanes have couches instead of benches. As the night wore on it got more clubby and way louder but hey, thats the gig for them. After we bowled we lounged on their clean and comfy couches.
Honestly, I was really impressed with how clean and smooth the place operated. Although it is gimmicky, it still felt authentic. I would even go here just to hang out again.
Keep in mind this place is center city and supposed to be an experience . If you want to bowl cheap, the suburbs are the best bet, but if you live in the city this is convenient and fun. Even my "hippest of hip" friends thought it was a cool time. I look forward to going back.It is very nice inside of here. A little overpriced for the bowling though. Our lane stopped working and it seemed like the bar and staff were too busy to care about the bowlers that pay a lot of money to bowl.
Food is mediocre. I probably won't be back.I went here on a Monday to celebrate my 21st birthday. I had arrived and I wasn't really feeling like celebrating but when I saw the place I changed my mind it's a nice place to hang back and relax. The workers were very friendly some people might have called my waitress lazy but she helped me out a lot she explained things to me (such as the different types of drinks) and helped me decide which would be best for me. I loved it there and I would go back! Yeah the price is up There but hey it's worth it especially if you want a nice CLEAN not really rowdy place. Oh yeah the food is great also.Great place for a party - we usually have my Firm's holiday party here and it's so fun. The food is much more than you'd expect at a bowling alley. Drinks help too! Also love the other features they have - giant Jenga, ping pong, pool, etc. - for those who are huge bowlers. But always a good time!I've been to Lucky Strike a few times - mostly for work-related parties.  It's not really the type of place I'd choose to hang out at... because it's extremely douchey.  
Quick Story:  A friend of mine was given some free bowling passes as a thank you from the owners of this place for an event they helped put on.  But when we arrived there was a big debacle regarding whether or not they had to honor them.  Eventually they did, but the argument left a bad taste in my mouth.  It just seemed really unclassy to be nickel-and-dimed by an establishment that prides itself on being upscale.
The bartender and waitstaff all seem really friendly, I think the problem lies with the management.  Lucky Strike is overpriced, self-important, and makes you want to take a long shower afterwards to wash away the icky.I came here after finals as a celebratory group outing on a Thursday night. The place was pretty fun! Definitely large enough to accommodate our group of 30+ in addition to normal patrons. Beverages were a bit pricey, but that's to be expected. Good appetizers/ bar food. Decent service and tunes. This place definitely excels in the cool atmosphere department. The lit up bowling alley was definitely a nice change from the typical bar setting I usually reside at!Came here on a rainy day on a trip to Philly. For some reason, I expected this place to be run down like many bowling alleys but it was very modern and hip, with almost a cosmic bowling vibe in the middle of the day. They have 2 floors which is kinda cool, and the prices were decent for the fancy-ness level. We were told its a better bet to pay for the hour of bowling at $45 instead of by game. With not a TON of guests on a Sunday, the service was a bit slow and the guy had to scurry around the place to find a second pair of 7's, which is a pretty basic shoe size. We ordered a beer tower the minute we got to our lane and it took the waiter forEVER to return with glasses. He basically delivered the tower and left for 20 minutes, but we saw him helping other customers along the way as our beer got warm. When we asked him a second time about getting some cups, he seemed annoyed with us. The bowling itself here was fun, suggestion would be that each lane had like the basic array of balls because I had to awkwardly go over to other lanes to find lighter bowling balls. In the end, for $45, we only had time to play 2 games so it might have still been cheaper to do game by game but oh well.i went for a kids birthday party. The kids had a great time but the parents did have to deal with bad service and attitudes. Because i am not worth it, I felt like i should be on my knees for being served. The Drinks were expensive. The best time to visit this place is off peak hours. Great for kids birthday party.Lucky Strike: sullen waitresses, weird bowling, decent snacks.
As a bar, it's fairly mediocre-- unless you hit it up during Center City Sips, when both drinks and snacks are half off (we each had two drinks and a huge appetizer for about $12) and the bartenders are miraculously attentive for two hours. Their hummus needs lemon, but the "tomato grilled cheese s'mores" are delish.
The bowling is strange, especially if you're used to bowling at plumbers' league night somewhere out in the 'burbs. Lucky Strike takes the cheesy fun out of bowling and makes it into a yuppie scenester event. However, their pool tables are surprisingly nice (and free!) You get the same decent drink service from the wait staff at the pool tables, so it's an alternative to waiting for one of the overbooked lanes.
Speaking of which, poor waitresses. I'd be surly too if my uniform made me look like one of Marilyn Manson's cheerleaders.
Finally, if you're cheap and maybe a little shady, Lucky Strike hosts a lot of corporate-sponsored parties, so those of you who can blend in with the Comcast crowd can sidle up to the bufffet table... and get a tangible return on your cable bill. Score one strike for the little guy.Nice place for a night out with a group. We had a private area that was sectioned off with 4 lanes and a pool table. Clean fun and good music. The only negative is the food. Burgers, Mac and cheese bites, little cheese toasts...all very bland and boring.Lucky strike has an okay food. I ordered French fries and mash potato. My mash potato did not come with any grayvee. I was eating my potato dry. I wouldn't recommend ordering food from here unless you're really desperate to store something in your stomach.
On the other hand I really enjoy coming here for pool. The place has a really nice hip and calm atmosphere. The dimmed lightning, the micky mouse painting/photo on the wall, and the modern music that are popular nowaday. The price for an hour of pool is only 10 dollars so it's pretty cheap if you go with 4 people! Also Lucky Strike also has a very nice bathroom! Its bathroom is definitely comparable to Olive Garden, Ruby Tuesday, and Maggiano! I'm not a sport person but this may also be a good place to watch sports because it has a lot of flat screen TV's showing sport news and stuff.What kind of bowling alley has a DRESS CODE?  This one!
A friend of mine tried to meet us here the other night and was not allowed in because he was wearing a plain white shirt.  Come. On.  I get that this is not supposed to be your average bowling alley, but a DRESS CODE?!  
One star.  Shame on you.i came to this place during a work event but i don't think i would ever come here by myself. the food here is meh. the drinks are expensive. some of the staffs are less than friendly. overall, not a fan.A good place for a little bit of fun. Don't expect gourmet food, but the servers are nice. The atmosphere is designed for fun. It's not just a typical bowling alley as the frequently have a dj and the lighting is designed for fun and less for function. Bowling isn't the only activity either. After a few games of bowling we rented ping pong paddles and then a pool table. If you're looking for a place that isn't a typical bar, give this place a try. It isn't a cheap night out, but it's something different.I like the idea of a more social experience while bowling.  Breaking down the cluster of each lane to a wide open experience.  Very nice.  Also nice losing the old vinyl floors, clouds of smoke and the ball rack dividers.  The food is also a little more upscale, allowing for dinner and entertainment in the same place, which is also great on cold nights.  You can have a party with friend here and it doesn't feel like you are throwing a party for a 12 year old.
It is also a nice bar area, with a decent amount of TVs to help unwind during the evening.  I have always had a good time here.  If you like bowling, but never liked the bowling alley, here is your place.
The restrooms are decent, private stall tucked away behind all the action, generally stocked, but can get a little suspect later in the evening.  3 FlushesI came here twice now with a group of friends. The place has a very hip ambiance to it. Lounge area, leather seats, a bar towards the back, and a menu with typical bar food. They also have a few pool tables also. The drinks are whatever in my opinion, and I've never had the food here. Servers do come up to your lane and asks what they can get for your lanes though, which is nice. We usually play about 2-3 games, and the price for this place is more expensive than what I am used to back at home. Nonetheless, it is a decent place to take a group of friends to have a good time bowling.too flashy, too expensive, too annoying. not sure it it was an off day. but the service sucked too. i had met up with a party after bartending all day at a wedding. all i wanted to do, was chill and have someone bring my drinks for a change. when the girl finally came over. she was wearing sunglasses. i am guessing, it was to hide the fact that she was less than sober. i asked for a kettle and club with a lemon. after 15 minutes, i got a pear absolute with 7up. no lemon. she told me, thats what she likes to drink, so she assumes i'll like it too. are you kidding me? wtf? i sent it back. waited another 15 minutes for the drink i wanted. no lemon. asked her for a lemon. she never came. i had to get it myself. the crowd was too yuppie with fancy jeans. i was just not impressed and more than annoyed. i never went back, and have no plan to.Overall decent place for those looking to bowl within the city. The place itself is set up with a very open and inviting  feel since you have different options to choose from to entertain besides just bowling. Other games include billiards, ping pongs, and large size childhood games such as Jenga and Connect 4. Areas for improvement include the non HH prices for food and prices for bowling in general. This place is quite pricey unless you are going specifically for one of their deals. Food wise  - the place has decent options for bowling alley, but overall would recommend to save your appetite to eat somewhere with all the great options the city has to offer.The place is a lot of fun, and if you go in as an individual, I would probably give it 3 stars (good is only "okay"). 
However, if you try to bring over a group their events people are HORRIBLE. They provide no flexibility or interest in working with you. To say throwing a party here is the WORST experience would be an under statement. I have had one party here, last year, because they worked with us and it was great. Wanted to try again this year, and they went back to being unworkable. 
I just told the person planning this corporate event to slap me if I ever suggest going to Lucky Strike again.   They have absolutely no customer service.I stopped by Lucky Strike on a Saturday afternoon and I can see why some people on here bash it. To be honest, if you want to go just straight up bowling, LS might not be for you. It has the look and feel of a Stephen Starr establishment and the prices to match. Personally, I liked the atmosphere and got a kick out of the waitresses fishnet stockings. My only gripe is that there was a wait of approx 90 min at 3pm on a Saturday so if you really want to get some games in maybe go on a weekday. I also got a kick out of the transition of families bowling in the afternoon to mid 20-somethings coming in for the evening to socialize.i went here a couple weeks ago with a friend. we had a really good time. it wasn't too crowded, because we got there around 6pm. we had a reservation to bowl and were a little early, so we got a couple drinks at the bar first. when we got our lane, we played 2 frames to fun alternative/80s music. we had a waitress pop over every few minutes for drinks or food (which we didn't get). 
the only crappy thing is we felt a little rushed. there was a party coming in and apparently we weren't bowling fast enough. to be fair, it was a large party that took up half the place (looked like a work xmas party). that aside, i'll definitely go back. where else can you actually enjoy bowling in a nice place with decent drinks in town?Nice concept but poorly executed. The server we had assumed her tip before I had a chance to give it to her. When I asked for my change she got and attitude and when she return with my change she began to question me on how the service was. There are better place to play pool and bowl IMO.Really cool place to spend a night out with some friends, especially a larger group.  Fun and relaxing whether you bowl or not.  Servers are very efficient while you're bowling. Didn't eat, but the food looked and smelled amazing.  Drinks were great, but pretty costly, but that's the city for ya.  The prices don't stop at the drinks either, the bowling could set you back a bit.  We had 8 people for 2 hours of bowling plus shoes and it ran us about $26 per person, but it was worth it.  Not going here to work on my bowling game, but still good time.My wife had my 30th birthday party here. I must say I was pretty impressed. The place  has a cool atmosphere. And the food, while not amazing, was still pretty good. Lucky Strike was a great place to have a party, but I don't think I would come here just to bowl. I'll stick to my cheaper local bowling alley for that!I had my 40th Birthday party here, and let me tell you, it was a blast and a total hit with the all the guests and the talk of the town with my friends. Looking forward to going back.
The food was awesome, and the crabcakes were tasty.Wow! Okay, so I've been coming here about twice a year for four years. Bowling is always lots of fun, and you can play pool while you wait for your lane. However, they recently must have updated chefs or just re did their entire menu because food is fantastic! It's finally keeping with with the Philly scene, and is no longer just your typical bar food. We used to always just get nachos. Tonight, we ordered pan seared Brussels sprouts, tuna poke, and meatballs. Amazing! Happy hour is also great: $3 drafts, $4 wine, & $5 cocktails. Will be returning more often.A fun spot, with lots of casual leagues to join and decent food and drink. They sell "Towers" of beer (~3.5 liters), which went for $20 in my league and you could get pricier beers like stella artois and blue moon. They also recently renovated the furniture at the lines, so they are much more comfy.
So Why 3 stars? In addition to being a bit pricy, the service is pretty slow, spotty and they have a bizarre credit card holding system where they somehow throw them together (across all floors) and managed to lose mine when i left it there once. I've never booked an "event" myself, so perhaps it's better when you do that.Weather you bowl, or not, you might want to consider Lucky Bowl the next time you want to try some place different with friends.
Very lounge-y with music not so loud that you need to shout at each other just to be heard, I was drawn in by the imaginative menu.
Dishes like Toads in a Hole (Bread with egg cut-outs, spread with garlic butter and pan fried) Birds in a Nest (tarts filled with herbed goat cheese and mushrooms, garnished by a slice of tomato and oven baked) Chicken Pillows (shredded chicken in wonton dumplings, served with a sweet chili sauce on the side),  and homemade chips, it was hard just to choose a few.  
ended up sampling the Mac and Cheese Balls (served with warm pizza sauce on the side), Chicken Pillows (the sweet chili on the side really made them extra tasty!).  I had thought the Mac and Cheese would be crispy throughout, but was surprised to find the center just as you would a bowl of the comfort food itself, it was breaded and crispy on the outside.  
The snacks were finished up by PB 'n J, served warm, in a tiny filo pie crust, the peanut butter melts in your mouth with a dollop of raspberry jelly to keep the sweetness.
The space was low key, and the wait staff seemed plentiful and attentive, I have already gone back to bowl a set!i just realized i never reviewed this place after i attended a yelp elite event here a year or so ago!
i was happy to get a lane recently on a chilly sunday. they warned my friend and i that it was right next to a kids birthday party. i appreciated that warning. it was not too bad actually, the funniest part of my most recent trip here was the adults next to us. they seemed annoyed that we were using the same balls they were. they were giving passive aggressive looks and didn't speak up when we asked if they needed that one, or this one, etc. it turns out the one lady brought her own bowling ball, and she didn't want to share it. ughhhhh sorryyyyy - it didn't look any different than the others!I haven't been bowling in a long time, but I used to enjoy it.  The atmosphere of this place is decent, but the food and drinks are pretty awful.  The bowling lanes themselves felt like they were improperly oiled, as I have a pretty strong curve that pretty much didn't move.  Still, if you want to bowl without leaving the city, your options  are pretty limited. I'll probably be back for lack of better alternatives.Really cool place to chill and have some fun with friends in downtown Philly. They were running a special the night we were there - $15 for unlimited bowling, ping pong and pool, plus shoes. Doesn't get much better!! The atmosphere was laid back and the music was perfect. They have a full bar and several beers on tap. Our sever stayed on top of making sure everyone was good and service was on par. I would definitely recommend it!I went with a few girlfriends on a Saturday night.  Big screen TV's were everywhere, so I figured it would be a good place to "watch the game" if you didn't really want to "watch the game" or a great date location with plenty of fodder for conversation.  It was quite fancy with a "lounge-like" atmosphere. It certainly gave you the feel of importance. The combination of bowling and drinking is always fun, and there was some pool thrown in there too, which is always a plus. The dress ranged from nice shirts and jeans to fancy-ish dresses. 
The downside was that it didn't seem particularly social, but it was more expensive than I was anticipating. Our lane for four added up to about $50.We hold many corporate social events at Lucky Strike and receive positive feedback from our guests every time.  The staff is very accommodating, helpful and friendly.  We will definitely be back for more events!Overall this place is cool. Atmosphere is cool. Workers are cool. Night club feeling is cool.
Drinks are kind of pricey, food is okay depending on what you get. My biggest issue when I came here was that you paid by the hour. I had a group of 8 I believe($99). We did not even get through the 7th-8th frame..... I wouldn't mind paying that much for a full game guaranteed, but by the hour...?? Eh. 
Definitely go here with friends and experience the place, if it doesn't work out you are in center city...I am giving this place 3 stars mainly because it has bowling inside, and bowling is awesome you guys! I also like bowling with fancy lights. Ooooh. Ahhhh. AND another major bonus for my particular situation is that I felt like bowling and my husband's friends visiting from another country wanted to see a fancy bar of a kind they could not get in their home country, and Lucky Strike was uniquely able to meet that dual objective. 
Now, some downsides. For starters when we arrived at 10:30 PM on a Friday there were all kinds of lanes open. We immediately went to pay up but were told we would have to wait 40 minutes. Not until at least an hour later did our buzzer thing go off and we were able to bowl. In the meantime, we enjoyed good company and over-priced drinks. We were all hungry but the food was sadly over-priced as well... basically to the point where it's just not worth it. We decided to save up our hunger for a late night cheesesteak run instead.
Last but not least DO NOT USE the photo booth there. Just don't do it. I was with two friends who several years ago got these adorable pics from the photobooth at North Bowl. They loved them so much they incorporated them into their wedding invitation design. They wanted to do a little update/repeat at the Lucky Strike booth but holy cow were they ever disappointed. Instead of the typical vintage adorable photo style, the Lucky Strike Booth pics come out all digital and creepy on this page print-out. It certainly is not what you are expecting from a bowling alley photo booth and honestly it just made them look really bad. And who wants that??Came here on Friday night with my boyfriend for a different date night. The idea of an upscale bowling alley was intriguing and the place was just as we expected. It was very large and everything was nice and not too crowded but everything was way overpriced. Bowling is $8 per game, per person which really adds up if you go with just two people and want to play a few games. The service was very slow for it lot being very crowded. The food was delicious and the drink selection was very good, but again very overpriced. And the fact that they have a dress code is ridiculous. I would recommend this place for a fun night out with a group of friends or as an overpriced date night activity.This place is always super crowded on Fridays and Saturdays and I've once waited over 2 hours for a lane on a Thursday.  I've even called to make reservations for a lane before and no one answers the phone... this has happened several times. The staff are pretty rude and they charge a ridiculous amount of money for bowling. 
I give Lucky Strike 2 stars because it is pretty swanky and there are plenty of TVs to keep you entertained if you feel like waiting. Although this place is only 4 blocks from my apartment I venture up to North Bowl in Northern Liberties when I have the itch to bowl.While I'm writing this review, my lane stopped working and the people in the front desk handled the situation so poorly. They just do not care enough about the customers.
My lane got blocked 3 times and I can see on their faces they are not willing to help at all.
Great place waitress was beautiful and very nice, but the front desk people need to find different job. PeaceIve come here a few times - twice w/ a student groups and another time for a Yelp Elite event.  Lucky Strike is the fanciest bowling alley I've ever been to.  Lanes are nice, good seating for bowlers and non bowlers.  pool table.  bowling games + shoe rental aren't cheap.  a lot of complaints have been made about the wait but I suppose I didn't experience it on the nights I went...and the yelp event doesn't count since they had the whole place reserved.  Overall, if I have an urge to go bowling and don't want to venture far, this is the place to go.  So i'm glad there's a place to bowl nearby!Lucky Strike Haiku
---
Awesome bowling lanes
Thirty dollars for two games
Food was quite sub-parOverpriced bowling, with terrible service at the bar. They were out of the the first two hard liquors I requested. Nice ambiance, but not worth it for the negatives.We went here to check the place out because we normally go to north or south bowl but both places had private events. Unfortunately we had the worst experience to ensure that we will never be back. I completely understand that the place gets busy and has private parties but I find it very disheartening to be told a lane will be available in 20 minutes only to follow up multiple times and an hour later be told that a lane won't open for another 2 hours. No apology or any kind of customer service. You can absolutely make sure we will never step back into this place. The only highlight of this place was the bartenders were polite and efficient while we waited.Came here for a company get together we came in around 12pm so there was no crowd and they had a buffet setup ready for is with pizza, wing's, cheese & crackers, salad, burgers, hot dogs and other items we bowled played pool, ping-pong and had a good time service was good, place was clear restrooms was clean and they have a full barHad a great experience here for a company event.
We rented a corporate suite. The food was amazing, the service was great, and overall I was impressed.Food was edible. Lanes and service were great. Nice find in the middle of philadelphia.Went bowling finally. No gin. Vodka and cranberry ripoff was $10 in a small rock glass with mostly ice. No receipt. Attention to the OWNER: FYI no receipt means your bartender is stealing from you. Period. Otherwise the super mega hyper overpriced bowling was fun. Never going again here, though.Went to Lucky Strike with three friends. had to wait an hour for a lane. The pin machine malfunctioned all night: no fun! I live around the corner but next time I will go to Northern Liberties.Really pricey for a bowling alley. I get it, its in center city and its modern, but it was $96 between 5-6 people for one game (1 hour) and drinks are pricey as well. Also, Music was way too loud. Could hardly hear each other talk. If you're just trying to bowl, then i wouldnt go here. Id come here for a date thats about itCame in here on New Years day, hoping to escape the cold and have some fun! The prices are moderately reasonable for a bowling alley in Center City, although there are cheaper more low-key places in other parts of the city. The location is very central and a nice spot for those visiting the city. We didn't have the food but they had this lovely beer tower that was enough for my husband and I (it has about 7 beers in it). We really liked that they had ping-pong and pool tables at only $10 an hour. Even if you're not into bowling, this place has other forms of entertainment, seating for food if you're not bowling, and a bar. I would come back!Not sure why they don't offer corporate group rates, lost out on a group of 40 for games, food and drinks.First time bowling here. It was a busy Saturday night, so they took my cellphone number and said it was going to be a 2.5 hour wait. We left to go smoke while we waited, and a lane opened up earlier than anticipated. I called to see whether we could be pushed back on the list, but they ended up canceling our queue. There was some miscommunication between the two individuals working the kiosk. We ended up still waiting 2.5 hours, but one of the employees was chose to give us free shoe rentals for the inconvenience. The lanes are wonderful, and the music is a lot of top 40. We had a lot of fun. Very friendly staff!Pros: delicious food, clean inside, five dollar city wides. 
Cons: weird coded language about their dress code (fitted, neat clothing - it seems like they are trying to keep out a certain demographic), food is delicious but small portions for the cost, parties are obviously valued more than individual customers. I understand why because they're paying more money, but we couldn't play a game of pool at any of the three empty pool tables because they were "reserved." However, we were able to play after a half hour. 
Overall, it's a bar that also has bowling. If you can, I would recommend a bowling alley that also has a bar. You'll avoid the loud music and pay significantly less.I have been to Lucky Strike several times: for lunch, dinner, drinks, holiday parties and of course...bowling.  I think though my many visits, I can confirm what a lot of the other reviewers have said and keep it short and sweet.  
I like it enough here.  It is a fun place to take people - out of towners, parents, a group celebrating a birthday - so you have something else to do besides drink.  BUT, the prices are high, the staff is not impressive and the food is only so-so.  
So that said, its probably not going to be somewhere you go every weekend and if you do go there, I would suggest eating elsewhere unless you don't mind over priced bar snacks.   It's fun when you have a good group ready to have fun and the bowling will definitely bring out friendly (or not so friendly) competition.Great times!  I love it cuz everyone is dressed nice not the typical bowling ally beacuse of the bar/resturant.  Drinks are reasonable and the lane prices are same as your local ally.  Only con is fri and sat there is a 2 game limit.  Great place for parties and groupsPretty dope place. We were looking for something to do so I yelped bowling. It was really hard to find parking... Like really hard. What sucked was that I accidentally parked in a handicapped zone and got my car towed.
Anyway, I had a great time here. Placed two games of bowling, a couple games of pool and some pingpong. I thought it was a little chilly in there at first but after we started bowling we realized that the AC was on because once you start to get active you get really hot. 
Also, they have a full bar. They have a full BAR!!!This was another drunken stop on my uncle's Philadelphia tour. This is a really cool looking bowling alley. I could see myself hanging out here if I lived in Philadelphia. The bartender was very nice. She started a tab for us without collecting a card from my dad, uncle, or me. The Patron on the rocks tasted so good here. So good, in fact, that I forgot to pay for the round of drinks we ordered. Woops.
A bouncer chased us down a couple blocks. I think he could tell by our reaction that were shocked that we forgot to pay. I walked back over and the bartender was all frazzled. She said it was her mistake for not collecting my card. I apologized profusely to her for being so forgetful and left her a very generous tip. 
I was about to walk out and then realized I really had to go to the restroom. The alcohol in me was telling me I had to go #1, and possibly even #2. Unfortunately, the restroom was disgusting. The urinals smelled awful and the stalls were all covered in crap. And I say that in a literal sense. It was as if the "shit monster" from Dogma had played tag in there earlier. I wanted to puke. 
Overall, this is a 4-star joint, but I am forced to deduct a star for the dreadful appearance of the restroom. Someone on staff has to step up, check on it on a regular basis, and clean it up if it gets really dirty. It's that simple. 
For my Yelp San Jose readers: If Santana Row had a bowling alley, it would look like Lucky Strikes Lane & Lounge. But then again, if this super fun bowling alley were in the Santana Row there would definitely be less friendly and have a higher douche bag count, less football on the TV screens and more Lady Gaga music videos, and the bowling lanes would not have any legit bowlers and would most likely have more 95-pound Asian women throwing a pink bowling ball into the gutter and then laughing like Chun Li in Street Fighter 2.
As much as I would love to a LSLL in the Bay Area, I know what would eventually happen. The DBs (douche bags) would take over. It's better off I am left with the memories of this place in Philly.
Well, minus the disgusting restroom. Yuck.Came here last night for a work function. The staff was everywhere serving food which I loved. We tried the veggie skewers, fried mac and cheese balls, and beef skewers. They also served pizza but boy did it look pathetic.
Some of the staff was less than friendly, giving me MAJOR attitude for placing a glass on the pool table so I could simply grab a business card. I get that you don't want me to place my glass there, but no need to be a snot about it. Truly. 
The bar was keeping pretty great time with service, especially since it was super rabid!
Not sure I'd come back on my own, but for another work type event? Sure.Very cool sports bar/lounge/bowling alley but service was terrible. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the atmosphere itself. Was here twice in one day, first time wasn't terrible it was just the bartender told me the only bottles they carried were Miller lite and coors lite and I'm not a fan of either or tap beer but I did have a draft, bartender seemed like he was new beings he was slow and didn't seem to know what or where things were. I drank my beer and we went to check into our room. Decided to come back and give it another try in the evening to grab a bite to eat and watch the game because the place is basically wrapped with tvs which is great because we were looking for a place to watch the game. Sat down at the bar, making the total at the bar 4 now with my fianc and me, and sat there for a good 15 min before having to call the bartender over to us to order a drink, which he advised me they did have more then just 2 kinds of bottled beers. Told him that we were looking to have a bite to eat also and asked if they were cooking and he said yes and walked away, which we thought he was going to get us menus. Instead he went over to go play on his phone. Sat there for another 15 min before having to call him over away from his phone to ask if we could see menus. He then gave us menus and walked away. And then the wait went on again for about another 20 min or so, making me wanting to leave and go somewhere else but my fianc said no because she was hungry. Called him over again and asked if we could order, took our order and then on the way over to the machine started talking and laughing with the other bartenders for a good 5-10 min before putting our order in. Food came out quickly and was very good but after the long wait I needed a refill on my drink. I tried to get his attention as he was down at the other end of the bar on his phone again for a couple glasses of water but no such luck. Sat there for another half hour with empty plates in front us and empty drinks before I stood up and waved him over for the check. He seemed a little annoyed though that I interrupted whatever he was doing on his phone. Used the bathroom on the way out and it looked like someone dumped the garbage out on the floor and either one of the urinals were leaking or someone urinated on the floor. The bowling looked fun but we will not be back to eat or have a couple drinks and watch the game that's for sure.Lucky Strike has a lunch and bowl deal. With a lunch purchase, a person can bowl for free between their lunch hours. It's a steal if you want to take a long lunch and break bread. When I went there was not a big lunch rush on a Thursday. I ordered their Firecracker burger, which was pretty good. The burger was cooked well and the bun was pretty soft. The one negative comment I had was the service.
For only having 5 or so customers, I was surprised why the servers did not come over to the table more often to ask for refills or how our food was. Our waitress came over while we were bowling then asked about our food. Not sure if my eyes deceive me but if she looked at our table, she could tell two plates of untouched food. Then after that inquiry, I did not see her. Strange? Asked about how our food was before having a bite then going MIA?
Overall, good steal for the lunch and bowl deal but service is sub par and slow.I was pleasantly surprised by this place. Good music, great atmosphere, our waitress was a sweetheart, and a very interesting selection of food!Clearly from the other Yelp reviews -- this is either a love it or hate it place.   I fell into the "love it" camp.  Yes, clearly this isn't a traditional bowling alley -- its in the middle of center city and has a bouncer. That should be your first clue!
For someone who doesn't love bowling, but likes hanging out and having an activity to do while drinking a few bevvies, Lucky Strikes is a great place to accomplish that.  It is totally sparkling clean, has a great lounge/bar area to hang out in, and plays fun music. This is not the cheesy bowling alley that middle schoolers frequent for a 12th bithday party; good mix of people for sure. The big TVs at the end of each lane are good entertainment too.This is the best looking bowling alley, with great decor. But the drinks and bowling is crazy overpriced! I'm pretty sure I paid 10$ for an hour of pool, and 12-14$ for a cocktail. A little nuts. Also the head manager is a total dick head.HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!
halfway thru SECOND game...still waiting for beer!!!!Okay so my boyfriend is from South Carolina and I just moved to Philly a few months ago. He's a bowling guy and I just have to be in the mood for it. But we both wanted to do something to do together (seeing how he was only in town for a weekend) and fun. So we tried lucky strike out. 
The waitress had an attitude like we weren't going to tip her based on how we looked ( he's Indian, I'm Black) and we are damn good tippers! We ordered the artichoke dip and it was awful it made me sick... 
Then the game... okay what makes my bowling game 18 dollars? is it the home depot built "lounge setting", the stiff Ikea furniture (that cuts your ass when you sit down)? or was it the lame experience? I just wanted a simple game of bowling and lucky strike was not it. 
So if you want to get sick, have a bad bowling experience, and pretend your lounging when the funk of people's feet are still in the air ( ...like any other bowling ally) then by all means take a shot, but I liken this place to South Park's "Chamber of Farts".I came here for happy hour and my experience was just mediocre.  
Don't get me wrong, the place is great.  They are accommodating to a large party, it's clean and has a real fun/trendy vibe.  The drinks are ok, nothing special and the food is your average bar type of food. 
If you're looking for a bowling alley to go thats a bit more fancy on a special night out, this place is for you.  If you're looking for a relaxed, casual place to go to for bowling I'd recommend another bowling alley in Philly - North Bowl.not as bad as i expected!
my friend picked this out for her birthday celebration, and i really wasn't looking forward to this experience. but the music wasn't TOO loud or horrible, it wasn't THAT crowded, and the drinks weren't UNBELIEVABLY expensive. we managed to actually have a really fun time, despite the prices of the lanes. i'd probably go again if someone really wanted to.What a great place. For young and older. Took a group and they were very welcoming!  They have bowling plus lots of other entertainment.  Plus drinks for adults or pitchers of cokes.Eh. I think this place is an okay venue for work parties, but that's about it.
Way too expensive for a bowling alley and the drinks are as low quality as you can get.  I'd rather not pay $5 and upwards for a glass of Rex Goliath wine when I can buy a bottle of that cheap stuff at Wine and Spirits for less than they are charging here.
Somehow though, this place brings in the business.  If I asked my friends if they wanted to go here, they'd all look at me like I was on something.  Seriously folks, there are better places to get your bowl on without spending a fortune.Swanky hangout. Bar service was slow...even when it wasn't busy. Good place for a casual party for a work group.Went before happy hour started for bowling and drinks. Very nice staff!  The couches in front of the lanes are a little worn out.I think a good time to go to Lucky Strikes would have to be during the afternoon time, 1st of all they have a dress code and you dont dress up you may not have a chance of getting in. But also you have to have ID after a certain time i think its 9 or 10. When i went there it was late on a Friday night and it was crowded and too packed. I only drank there  and just jammed to the music, since the bowling section was packed. I wouldnt mind going back there but it would be awesome to have a group of people there and of course the worst part is to find parking since it is downtown.holy sh!t its a lot of money to bowl here. you know how at most bowling alleys you pay per person? here you pay per hour. and its $50 an hour!!!! so you go with one other person....still $50 per hour! my advice - go with a bunch of ppl. this it is one classy place. big couches, delicious food, great service, nice atmosphere, good drinks. for people in center city, this is the only bowling alley. but if you would head over to northern liberties, you would find a place to bowl thats a lot cleaper. north bowl. and you wont feel any less spoiled. north bowl also has all the goodies i noted.I was actually pretty impressed with the food and I think they lowered their prices too! I had the asian salad and potstickers and both were yummy. The rest of my table got all kinds of things that looked good too. I also had a few cocktails off their specialty drink menu that were really good.
We bowled and drank more after dinner and had a blast. It definitely is on the expensive side but lots of fun!Went there for a co-ed bachelor/bachelorette party. Paid $1200 for two hours of bottom shelf open bar, bar food and one and a half games of bowling. Staff was miserable. Myself and another member of our party went through a horrible illness from 3 to 4 drinks during our time there (but I'm not allowed to say why). We were the only two NOT drinking bottled beer. I am disgusted with the price and the treatment. I will never go there again, and I urge everyone to steer clear.Gorgeous bowling alley. In great location and has a very nice setup. Our server was great and very attentive. They have a nice selection of ball weights for everyone. The food was very yummy, just took a little long. Theres ping pong and pool. Overall a good experience. Minus one star for the insane prices. $26 per person is quite a bit in my opinion. We were all taken back when he said it would be $78 thats crazy.Not a bad place to stop in for a drink in their cushy lounge area. Every time I've been here, there have been plenty of open couches, which are quite comfortable. The beer selection is limited, but they have Yards Brawler, which I enjoy. (The crowd here seemed a little younger, and  you could smell the ebullient notes of Red Bull marrying Popov vodka in the air.) 
All of the staff we encountered were very nice. The bouncer was quite pleasant, and the bartender was very efficient in changing the Brawler keg when we kicked it. I think I've had the same bartender both times that I've been here, and he is always a nice guy.
I don't really bowl, so cannot comment on the bowling aspect of the space. But people seemed to be enjoying it. I was surprised that, because the space is so cavernous, the bowling is not all that loud in the lounge area. 
Fun time.This place is a total scam. -5 stars. Employees are dumber and more useless than a bag of rocks, and the policies make no fucking sense. I went with two friends on Wednesday Dec 28, 2016 at 2:30 pm. We were told the ping pong/pool tables would be $10 an hour and that we could switch between the two if we wanted. That would've been a great deal if they actually let us do what they said we could do. There are 4 pool tables - 2 of the pool tables have cheap boards covering them to form makeshift ping pong tables. The paddles are the cheapest dollar store paddles you can find, but whatever, wasn't expecting much anyway. The other 2 tables are left as pool tables. We played ping pong for 15 minutes and decided to ask to switch to pool. After being the second person standing in a 2 person line for 10 minutes (there were 2 employees behind the desk so not sure why they couldn't each help a different customer) the second girl behind the desk finally asked me what I needed. I asked if we could switch to pool, and she said no, because the tables needed to remain 2 pool tables and 2 ping pong tables. Uhh... hold up, what? This is the first time we're hearing about this, so I asked why. I shit you not, this is what she said: "We need to keep 2 ping pong tables and 2 pool tables because of 'the demand.'" 
First off, there was at least 1 other table completely open so they were NOT short on tables - what demand? Second, if we paid for a full hour, even if there were people waiting for a table, why would we not be allowed to finish the hour we paid for? Sounds scammy to me! Third, no one at the desk mentioned anything about that policy, so either they have no idea what they're doing or were just too lazy to do their fucking jobs correctly.
Even though their explanation made no sense, they just kept repeating the same line over and over with blank looks on their faces. Even though a simple apology would have been sufficient, no one stepped forward to offer any sort of apology for not explaining the archaic rules beforehand and for sucking at their jobs. I didn't want to start arguing with those idiots so I asked if we could play darts for the remainder of the time instead of pool. Surprise surprise, we couldn't do that either, because the darts were apparently all broken. Why offer multiple activities if you're not going to let people do any of them? 
Never coming back here again. This place is not worth the money. Take your business elsewhere and save yourself money and the stress of having to deal with dumbassesWent here for an orientation/ get to know each other event. It's essentially higher end bowling.  You have lanes to enjoy yourself in addition to the bar and food.  Nothing really stuck out to me, yet nothing seemed horribly wrong with it. I got more of the club with the option to bowl type of vibe from it and it's on the pricier side of places.  Don't know if I'd go back if someone else wasn't payingI used to be a frequent visitor of lucky strike but have had a few bad experiences that have driven me away. 1, I'd often come for lunch but the food would take so long that I'd have to take it with me and eat it at my desk and 2 I'd bought a few of my colleagues over to bowl a bit and we saw a mouse run from under the couch. However, the 2 reasons I continue to visit this establishment are Faye and Tammy. They always keep us laughing and can make a great martini! Thanks ladies!I had my work holiday party here and it was great. We had a blast in one of the suites (4 lanes and 2 pool tables). The service was stellar. Nicole and Omar were our servers and we on top of everything. Manager Joel was also very helpful and accommodating. Will be back.I came here with a group of people from work and actually found it to be pretty relaxing and accommodating at the time I went.  
I had heard horror stories about the price, but it really isn't bad if you go before 8:00 and per game fee rises.  My coworkers all got food and seemed to enjoy it.  I had two yards beers, as i was surprised to see a local brewery in this kind of place. 
Our lane kept getting stuck and not reseting, but the staff was quick to fix the problem each time. 
Security hassled us about a food item a thoughtful coworker brought, but I guess they were just trying to keep the money in the place.Yo, first off my boys Dev, Dende, and Z are high caliber mofos.  Entertaining as hell and whoever there boss is should give them a raise.  Word up!I'll get straight to the point.  Good concept and idea. The place looks very funky and retro. It is a good spot to just handle out and chill with a party HOWEVER, the food was NOT appetizing. The chicken bites were ok but the sweet potato tots were pretty greasy and the chicken tacos were absolutely bland. For 12 dollars and three small tacos the size of a newborns hand you would think you would be getting something a little appealing. The tacos were without seasoning and extremely dry. The avocado dip which was provided with some chips I ordered was however fresh. If you're looking for a good time without an appetite, this may be the place.This is the only bowling lane I know of where you can eat breakfast all day or a surf-and-turf sampler while you play.
Much bigger than NoLibs' North Bowl, Lucky Strike also has infamous fried mac-n-cheese balls.  Actually, there is no need to review this place unless you are talking about the food. I mean they have tons of lanes, lovely TV screens, very cute bartenders, but that is all nothing too special.
Take your date or friends to Lucky Strike to be in the midst of action on the weekends (as it is right in the heart of the city) and impress them with their tuna lollipops, Thai peanut chicken pizza, root beer floats and yes, you can even get a steak.We rented two lanes at Lucky for my brother's bachelor party.  The package name was "the Flirt", it consisted on open bar and different appetizers.  Everyone had an awesome time, and I would definitely go back.  
Our waitress was on her game and she kept the drinks flowing - even though we had a group of 14.  In the future, I would suggest that large parties have their own waitress (especially if they purchase an open bar).  This is not due to the fact that our group was being neglected (our waitress definitely earned her tip, as she was almost incessantly carrying trays of 14 drinks or more from the bar), but due to the fact that our waitress disappeared for a 10 minute period to deal with a complaint to her boss that one of her other tables had made, accused her of neglecting them in favor of our group.  Situations like this could be easily resolved by more waitstaff.
If you plan on going to Lucky Philly, I would suggest that you make reservations, as it was very crowded when we were there.
One negative was that the computer system would only permit a maximum of five bowlers per lane.  Since we had 14 people and only 2 lanes, everyone could not play at the same time.I was pleasantly surprised by my experience at Lucky Strike! I wasn't sure what to expect, but it had a super fun atmosphere with a killer music playlist -- the kind that everyone can sing along to. They had good drinks and finger food and were clean. The only downside is that a bunch of their arcade games were out of order. Definitely will return with friends!I am very surprised as to how many reviews rated this particular Lucky Strike 3-5 stars. Those reviews must either have been written by robots or people who have never been to a good bowling alley/bar/lounge/dining area. *Hint hint Philly: everywhere else is better! Some of y'all need a wake up call. And luckily, I'm here to give it to you. I'm breaking down this review by environment, service and food.
Environment: Holy moly does this place need to be fixed up! When was the last time they serviced their lanes? When Roy Munson still had his hand? The lanes are inconsistent in quality and definitely not greased properly, even to the littlest degree. The pinsetter and bowling ball retrieval machine thing are both crap. My friend lost is ball (which he owns) multiple times and had to see the staff to retrieve it. Another time, one of the lanes would literally eat up the last pin before it was knocked down. So we would just throw our balls down an empty lane and yay! Spare! And the bowling balls? No way! They are absolutely terrible! Get some new ones, you definitely can afford it! I cut my finger on an 8lb ball. The edges of the holes were shaved and sharp. I am a little lady, and I know it's mostly children using these 8lb balls. I would definitely not want my kid putting their delicate baby hands in those death traps. I have more to add about the bathrooms, but I will include that with the service. 
Service: Why are you guys so expensive and still can't hire someone to change the toilet paper in the bathroom? I was there at 7pm and there was no toilet paper in any stall. I would have resorted to the toilet seat cover but what do ya know? That was empty as well. The staff is actually not bad...front of house, definitely not extending that compliment to the back. The gentleman at the register is always friendly and upbeat, I dig it. Kind of stinks that you guys probably order your socks the same time as your toilet paper because I haven't seen that either. I have had only one server on occasion and she's pretty cool and attentive. Not the friendliest, but we're a loud group. And now to not so lucky strike 3!
Food: Why are you guys so expensive and I still can get better pizza from Mc'Donalds? They don't even have pizza and they're way better! What kind of cheese is that? Really, I want to know. Why do you pair your pretzel bites with some tartar sauce crap? Or rather, why is everything savory that I think I'm going to enjoy paired with some sweet sauce? I seriously feel sick every time I eat your food. And I've only ordered food twice: the first time I was there and the time I thought I was going to starve to death (I didn't think it would be terrible twice). I was wrong, I would rather have starved.
For a place that charges so much, you would think you'd be getting some high quality bowling experience. Y'all are too expensive to be acting like a crappy dive bar, and I've been to better dive bars with way more class. 
It's a shame I only write reviews for places that disappointment me, but someone has to be honest. This is not so much of a hate review, but more of an aggressive suggestion to get your act together.I went there for an Eastern Regional Summit social hour. I guess by the name I should have known it was a bowling alley, but didn't realize it was going to have other aspects as well. The atmosphere was fun, but for some reason nobody wanted to get us drinks? They have a rule that if you start a tab at the bar, but end up sitting down at one of the tables, you have to open up multiple tabs. I think I had three tabs open because they didn't want to add it to my already existing tab. I would say they need to work on their communication a little better, and possibly explain why that is so that customers like me aren't confused or even more upset than we should be because it seems like they just don't want to help us out.I thought this place was pretty cool. The set up is awesome and it makes for a good night out with friends. The food was good bar food and apps. The game and drinks were quite pricey but it's worth a try.Trying not to be a hater, but really the "Meh. I've experienced better" hits it RIGHT on the mark. Mostly I liked the super chill server who came by and chatted with us. I think trendy bowling places that are expensive and serve expensive but greasy food go against what bowling is all about. Gimme the inexpensive and fast, and it'll feel like what a bowling alley should feel like. I mean, if you had to pay $40 for a philly cheesesteak you'd cry foul, right? It just feels wrong. No matter how much low-lighting and trendy couches you add. 
I even like North Bowl better. Mostly because it feels less like Corporate America there. Whatever that means.LUCKY STRIKE IS THE BOMB! GREAT SERVICE GREAT FOOD. HATERS GONNA HATE. p.s very attractive staffPoor Management, not so great service, way over priced. At this bowling alley the atmosphere is fantastic and it is good to be able to get service on your lane or just hang out. However, the manager there is a horrible person who treats his staff unfairly, as I have witnessed. He is also very arrogant. The service isn't great. The bowling and pool tables are way over priced. It is around 12$ an hour to shoot pool. (I don't know the exact) The lanes are very very expensive and I would not recommend wasting your money. It's a shame for such a decent looking place to have so many flaws.Lucky Strike is a really fun place to come with a group or even for a fun date night!  They have a full bar and food available, plus the bowling, ping pong, and pool, etc is fun too!  It is also a great venue to hold events!
I came here every so often and was here not too long ago with friends and we had a great time!  We didn't mind the prices, even though they are a little on the pricey side, and the staff was super friendly!  As always, the food was really good (Nachos are my favorite, but we had a ton of appetizers and they were all good.  Also their burgers are really good as well) and we enjoyed the full bar.
I have also come here for a special event!  The space was great, we had a whole floor to ourselves, the bar, and lots of food.  The staff was awesome, and we were a busy and big crowd, so they certainly know how to handle an event!   The bar was super crowded, but the bar tenders were very attentive and people really didn't have to wait long at all, which was really nice!  We all had a great time bowling on teams with everyone in the group.  It certainly livened up the fundraiser we were here for!
My boyfriend and I also like to come here sometimes for a date night that is a little different than our usual.  We always have a blast!  You really can't go wrong here!
The place is clean and looks nice too, things are kept up well here, and people tend to dress pretty well when they come here.  It gives off a great, fun, and more upscale vibe than you would get at most other bowling alleys. A little expensive, but for a fancy/classier/more upscale bowling place, this place is worth the money.  Definitely a good time!I definitely enjoyed myself while I was there.  The drinks and food are a little pricey, but nothing too outrageous.  It is in Center City, after all.
From what I can gather from the other reviews, though, my positive experience probably had everything to do with the fact that we got there early (around 6:30).  Our server was very attentive, our food came out relatively quickly, and we were able to jump on a lane right away.
And drunk bowling = lots-o-fun.
Only one real complaint: the check that we got at the end of the night had extra items on it that we hadn't ordered.  I'd really like to think that it was an honest mistake, but $18 worth of extra food, and a couple extra Blue Moons?  I dunno..... kinda lame.not sure if i would enjoy it on the weekend...if the service was better then yea...
we had a truly awesome waiter...he was very nice and cool, but getting his attention was here and there...we were on the third floor and it was fairly empty...but for 8-10 i wasn't overly shocked...so i think due to the slowness, it affected the waiter and he wasn't on top of things as much, but i did always have a lager within 5-10 minutes of an empty glass...
they do a reverse happy hour that was pretty cool...from 9-11...$3 domestic drafts...woohoo for lager!...$4 wine...$5 well/rail drinks...$4 plain pizzas...$2 soft pretzels...that is a great deal for center city...granted a monday, but none the less, great...
so, i think it was great on a monday...on the weekends the bowling is much more expensive, and if the service was like this, then i would rather just be bowling and drinking elsewhereAwesome bowling alley, friendly staff and great environment!! Looking forward to going back soon. Highly recommendedI had a wonderful time at my work event here Saturday night. Madie made perfect drinks for me and my friends. Taylor's personality brought a lot of energy and Kiara's smile made the night as good as it could get. I can't wait to come back and visitI came here with 3 friends on a saturday night around 8:45, and we knew there would be a wait. When we got there they said we probably wouldn't get a lane until around 11, which we were fine with because we were planning to go out with other people after anyway, so if we didn't want to wait we would just leave.
When we finally saw a pool table open up, we go over to it, and get told its reserved. We started to get slightly annoyed because there was nothing there you could do besides drink without being on a waiting list. At north bowl they have a whole section of games and things, no waiting list or extra cost. Here, its $15 an hour for the pool table. We played anyway and started to have fun with it when a lane opened up. It was only 10:30, so we were slightly surprised but pleased. We go to bowl and they tell us its going to be $84 for everything, to which we said "no way" and were just going to leave, when they said "ok, ok, we'll work with you". So needless to day, they redeemed themselves a bit. 
We ended up having a lot of fun, but I probably would choose to go to North Bowl over this place, unless I really wanted to be in the city. We had even called ahead to find out prices and they really did not take the time to explain any of the details we actually experiences.Came here on a Tuesday night around 7. We were told right away that the wait for a lane would be around 1.5 hours. Okay fine. Went to the bar to get a drink while we waited. The bartender was pretty much useless. (Long red hair) She had no idea about any of the beers that were on draft. She couldn't even give us the ABV of a beer. Settled for blue moon. Got a pool table while we waited for our lane, which was fine except the only one available was the corner where it's hard to even play. Once we were at the lane we waited nearly 30 minutes for a server before we finally got up and asked for one. Still no one showed up. Asked 3 different people (bartenders and hosts) to send over a sever so we could order. Got tired of waiting so we went to the bar to order, where a different girl told us that we could order drinks but not food and that she would "send our server over". We got a "beer tower". Sounds really good until we got it and it was 50% foam. Even worse was when we took it back to our lane the people next to us had just gotten one and theirs were filled to the top. Paying 40 dollars for just foam is a complete waste. Finally our server came over, no apology for the wait time (now going on an hour) and actually asked us "how's everything?" What?!? We order pizza and nachos. When the food came out the nachos were cold and soggy, and the pizza tasted like generic brand frozen pizza. I went to the host stand and asked to talk to the manager because at this point it's ridiculous that we waited 2.5 hour to get cold, flavorless food that we nearly had to beg for. The manager did end up taking off the nachos but come on, that's it?! For the level of frustration this place is, not sure it's even worth it. The only reason I gave this place even somewhat of a rating is because the hostess (DeeDee) was great! She gave us free shoe rental passes, a discount on our pool table, and was more apologetic and concerned than the manager. She should be managing this place. Not sure I'll be back. A dive bowling alley would have been more enjoyable.Skip this place. Plenty of better places to spend lots of money and see trendy decor in Philadelphia. 
The place has a cool decor (manufactured, but cool) and a cool location and that's where it all ends. EVERYTHING is overpriced, even by Center City standards. The service can be friendly, but they'll shaft you in a heartbeat and expect them to drop an 18% gratuity on your check regardless of how big your group is. They run the place like its an Olive Garden. The management also suffers from some sort of delusion that just because the place is trendy that they can be total pricks. Our food order was messed up (they bought us a drink...not a round, a drink, to make up for it), our lane malfunctioned and we couldn't get anyone to fix it for 15 minutes, then when they got it restarted it seemed like they were restarting us from scratch (no biggy right?), then on the 3rd set everything just shut off and before someone came over to let us know why they were closing so early and kicked us off mid-game, they sent security over to come let us know that they were closing and we had to finish our drinks. At this point it started getting annoying so I asked to speak to a manager. After 15 minutes he finally showed up and copped a ton of attitude...total jerk that inspired his otherwise friendly staff to emulate his "too good to acknowledge my customers" demeanor. For 4 of us we had about 3 or 4 rounds of drinks, didn't get to finish a single game of bowling, and had 4 appetizers and the total bill was over $300...remember the automatic 18%. The manager made a point of showboating and then in the end totally patronized us, talked to me like a child, and offered me some sort of free bowling certificate "on him"....yeah I'm sure he dug deep into his pockets for that one. On a scale of 1 to 10, Lucky Strike sucks.If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. 
We called and tried to reserve two lanes for a specific time. First, they told us they were unable to see when lanes were available, we would have to call back. Not sure how it's possible for a bowling alley not to have a system where the front desk employees cannot see if lanes are available. 
Then, we called back the next day and tried to reserve a lane again. This time, they told us the lane was reserved and that they would send us an email with a link to pay. Tried to give them the credit card number over the phone, and the man told us we had to enter our credit card over the internet because that is "safer." Again, not sure at all how the internet would be safer for credit card information. 
The email went to my spam mailbox-- again, highly doubtful that a "safer" payment method would be identified as spam. Because of this, I did not see it until I had already arrived at the bowling alley, which was about an hour later, 10 minutes before our reservation time.
When we arrived at the alley, they told us the reservation was in "pending," because we had not paid yet. They had given the lane away, and did not have lanes available for 3 hours. They did invite us to have lunch at their alley for those 3 hours until a lane could be made available-- just a joke. 
In short, terrible customer service, ill informed employees, and a horrible lane reservation process. Would not recommend to anyone.We went to Lucky Strike for the night and the gentleman at the door said it was full capacity. We walked upstairs anywhere and looked around and there was no one really there except on the lanes, so we sat at the bar. Bar and games area was very cool and I would go back just for that. The bowling on the other hand was very overpriced in my opinion. The amount of food that you got is not what you paid for. There wasn't enough food for everyone. The four of got 6 rounds of drinks and we still paid less in drinks than we did for bowling and pool. Defiantly overpriced to bowl and play pool, but would definitely go back to drink there anytime.Went there to bowl on Monday. The staff was friendly and we had fun bowling. Location is very handy. 
Negative- we ordered the poutine. It was awful. Very salty, gravy was lacking and what was there was way too thick, there was hardly any cheese, and it was $10. I do not recommend the poutine.To me bowling is a sport best played in a run-down building with burgers, chicken fingers and beer.  I don't really need huge TV screens everywhere with fancy advertising-quality images.  It's freaky.  Also, I like to pay less than $8 to bowl a game.  I mean really...it's not a high class venture to begin with, why try to make it into one?
The food's good but who goes to a bowling alley specificially for highbrow eats.  All of that said, it seems that whatever they're doing is working for them.  The place was packed and there was a waiting list for the lanes.The 2nd stop on my sister's birthday night.  And also the 4th and final stop that same night though we hadn't planned that in the slightest.  Plus, I'd been here before for that same party I'd mentioned in my Yakitori review.  ARE YOU PAYING ATTENTION?
So Lucky Strike get's 3 stars.  Why 3?  Cause it's looks nice inside, but costs too much.
That's the short way of saying it.  Lucky Strike has that very upscale loungey city atmosphere that a place needs if they plan charge you $69 for a bowling lane.  Correct me if I'm wrong but i'm pretty sure that's how much it costs for a lane at the Philly Lucky Strike on a Saturday.
You'd think for that price you'd at least get nicer shoes, but no, same crappy shoes I'd be renting at my local bowling alley.  But, if you're going here to bowl there's something strange going on with you.  It's more about the drinks and the socializing.  You go with friends to have fun and bowling is just sort of a placeholder for any sort of activity. The drinks aren't cheap, but you know that the moment you see all the neon lights and couches.
Just like every place in center city I've been to that has a bar, but isn't really "a bar", their cider selection is terrible.   That's right I like cider.. oh well... I do.   I know that it isn't a huge thing in the US yet, but it's getting more popular and a place that's trying to make fancy cocktails and have a decent list of beers should really get at least a couple ciders and something better than Angry Orchard.  I mean that's what they have at Red Robin (No offense Red Robin I love you).
I'm being kinda harsh.  But overall I do like Lucky Strike.  It's nice to be able to go somewhere and actually do something as opposed just sitting around and drinking.  Not somewhere to go to a lot, but nice now and then.  The staff varies from fine to pretty great and friendly and it's worth a visit if you haven't been.  Just bring a bunch of friends and split the costs.
We couldn't get a lane on our first attempt, but they do have pool tables which is another handy activity filler.  When we came back later we got a lane no problem.I've never been to a bowling alley like this one before.  Here, you dress up like you're going over to old city to bar hop the night away.  They serve food a step above bar food, salads and light foods like that.  There is a full bar that makes decent drinks, I had a lemon amaretto and a cranberry vodka, and both were strong.  Before 9pm, anyone can come and bowl, but after 9, it's 21+.Monday nights are the best for a few reasons. Cheap drinks, affordable bowling and a live DJ on site. Lots of fun, and I have returned every Monday since.The ambiance is really nice. I was definitely impressed when walking in. Everything was clean and modern. Not to mention the cool ping pong and pool table. Feeling tired while bowling? No problem as they have comfortable leather couches at each lane.
Some downsides: When trying to find bowling balls we could only find weights from 10-15 with not that many finger sizes.
Enjoyed bowling in a group of 8. We got 2 lanes on a Sunday afternoon and played 2 games. The total only came to $12 each. Would definitely go back. Hardest part was trying to find parking around Center City, but if you live around the area or don't get annoyed about finding parking like me than this place is great.I went on a Saturday night with 14 people with 9 pm reservations for two lanes for two hours. The night was a lot of fun. The place looks great. I appreciated that people were dressed 'nice' due to the dress code. With the reservation, getting on the lanes went very smoothly. Although we got no help in setting up the lanes which took 10 - 15 minutes. 
Drinks were pricey. Cocktails were $11 each. The servers came around often enough. The fries were pretty good but both sauces served with them were weird and not that great. One was Bombay and one was super spicy. We just got some ketchup for them. 
We only got through 1.5 games due to the number of people on the lanes which I expected. I've never bowled with more than 5 people on a lane because it takes so long. However the prices were so high that we were already out $40 per person and didn't want to take up more lanes. 
We had a fun time. If you are going to bowl instead of socialize then there would be cheaper places to do that.Lucky Strike is sort of an upscale bowling ally if such a thing exists. It's set in a large building in a great location just off of Broad St. The food is decent and on par with average restaurant quality. It's got a contemporary vibe to it mixed with a bit of a weekend club scene. The bar is nice and they have billiards along with other games and entertainment. It's probably not everyone's scene but if you know what to expect and you're going with a group, it's a fun time.Feeling Lucky at Lucky Strike in Philly! I co-hosted a party of about 60 people earlier this month at Lucky Strike. We picked this location because it was in the heart of Philly and provided adequate space for young ones to run around and stay occupied. The party was in the afternoon on a Saturday and had a desert theme package that included a variety of deserts for the guests.  We were also given 8 bowling lanes and had access to a pool table. There was one lane with a bumper for kids. In the lounge area, there were large scale versions of popular games like Connect 4 and Jenga. My 3.5 year old had a blast and the party flew by for him.  Bowling and other activities here are quite expensive stand alone but it is a large and trendy spot to hang out at on the weekends. The music is good and they have a nice long bar with plenty for all. I believe there are a few floors with similar setups. We had a good overall experience!Came in with a large party last weekend for a coworker's birthday. The food that was part of our party package was amazing and everything came out at the perfect time. Our server, Cole, was on top of our many drink orders throughout the entire evening and no one ever had an empty glass. Definitely coming back in the future!!!It's expensive, the wait time is insane, and it had a good number of Jersey Shore look-alikes.  That said... bowling is fun!  Drinking is fun!  Drinking while bowling is fun!  
As long as you know what you're getting into, then this is a fun place to be.  I didn't try the food, but the drinks were strong and the atmosphere pleasant.  The music... the music could be improved a lot.  But really bowling is about the people you're with, and I was with some terrific people, so I had a good time.The staff here is very ignorant and unhelpful.  They lack any knowledge of their establishment's operations.  
We placed and confirmed a reservation for two lanes for 8+ people.  My friends and I looked forward to a fun afternoon of bowling.
I received a phone call from a Lucky Strikes employee 1.5 hours before our scheduled reservation time. The manager had decided not to open the second floor, and we would have to reschedule for later that evening.  There was no offer of a discounted game or drinks for the inconvenience--just a half-hearted, insincere apology.  
I was amazed.  Why would I waste time or money on a place that called me at the last minute to reschedule an event I had planned for 8 friends?  No thanks!  I told them that I would take my business elsewhere.  I encourage everyone else to do the same.  Idiots.The second half of my bachelor party was here. As a place to hang out, have drinks, and alternate between bowling and the pool table, it wasn't half bad. I had an awesome time, but I think that was mainly to do with the people I was with. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. We had picked one of the package deals, which included an unlimited open bar with our own personal bartender, and snacks. The drinks, from what my friends told me, were watered down, while the snacks were adequate at best. But, you don't go here for the food (I would think!), you go for the atmosphere and to hang out. Would I go back again? Maybe.Maddie dope as shit. Thank you for the great service. Why do I have to keep writing this is ridiculous. Thank god the service was so good or I wouldn't have left this reviewTaylor,  Kiara and Madie are the hot chicks behind the bar. They keep the party going.  Only reason we hang there!!I was back in Philadelphia for the first weekend since Christmas and I wanted to plan a get together so that I could see a bunch of my friends without driving myself insane trying to cart myself all over the city.
I called and spoke with Marie and ordered 6 platters and reserved two lanes for a Saturday night.
When  showed up on Saturday however, there was no record of my reservation, platter orders or the elusive Marie.  From the sympathetic look on the hostess's face, this was not the first time that Marie screwed someone over and I was more than a bit miffed.
The hostess (I'm sorry that I didn't get her name because she was awesome) put us on a list for lanes and sent us a server as we claimed a lounge area while we waited. 
I had asked to speak to a manager and April helped us out.  She too saw no evidence of my reservation from Marie, but I had emails showing that I had indeed made the reservation and food request, so for our inconvenience, she comped us for an hour of bowling and shoes for my entire party.
Great customer service despite the craptastic reservation system.  If you are planning an event there, I would suggest triple checking with several people before you show up and staying the hell away from Marie.My boyfriend and I were roaming Center City for the first time when we came across Lucky Strike and thought, why not bowl? We went up the stairs to the third floor where the lobby is located and asked for a lane. The woman behind the desk told us to stand by for 2-3 minutes while she was going to see if they were going to open up the second floor to the public. We ended up waiting 45 minutes without her being able to tell us anything other than they were booked until 6 pm (we had arrived around 2 pm) so we just left.I had always been pretty anti-contempo bowling... then I got invited to a party here.
I must confess... I had a really good time.
While I did not bowl, I was impressed with the fact that on a Saturday night, it wasn't jam-packed. The drinks were pretty cheap. The food was good. The DJ was incredible.
I think more than 3-4 times a year, you've probably got a problem. But after almost a year of walking by with disdain, this place is an asset to Center City... and pretty cool for what it is.Called in advanced.  They said walk ins today not busy.  Got there in about 45 minutes. Which I told them on phone 2 1/2 hour for both bowling and pool!  Staff really didn't seem to care much!  We had to walk 4 blocks to get there because of the streets blocked off with our bowling balls for nothing!  I wasn't happy!    Ended up at North Bowl. Much better experience !Went here last week for my first time and had hands down the best service of my life! I go out to bars/restaurants a lot and I had my fair share of different atmospheres. Lucky is a bit pricey, but the young man, I believe his name was Remy, waited on us. He was attentive and professional. Loved my cocktail he recommended and he took great care of our indecisive group of friends! Thanks remy!Great hang out spot, I love to bowl so this my #1 LS location. If your going on the weekend call to reserve lanes b/c the get quite busy and the prices for lane go up as well. The food and drinks are cheap and the atmosphere is pretty laid back and cool.The lucky strike  isn't anything special to be honest . It's one floor bowling alley with  7 rows of bowling alleys . That's it . There's games too like pool and arcades and big Jengav but that's  it . If you have s group of 6 people it's going cost $75 . But if you go as group of 4 it's cheaper . The menu  doesn't have a lot food it's just spit drinks than food to be honest with you .So this place looks a little janky from the outside, but it's actually quite nice once inside. I attended a company hosted event here and it was well done. Food was average pub/bar food, and pretty simple on draft beer options. Definitely not a bad place, but can't speak to the experience as a paying patron.Food: 1.5
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4
Service: 2
Value: 2.5
Really nice decor, but much more corporate feeling than North or South Bowl. Food and service were quite bad as well.You know when you do something and you have a great time but you're not sure if it was just the people you were with and you would have had just as great a time at Fairmount Pizza if they served alcohol? That's kind of how I look at Lucky Strike.
We went there Saturday for a birthday and had two hours of bowling, and two hours of open bar (well and domestics) for $70. Our waitress was super attentive and the bowling was fine but there is nothing really that special about this place. 
Once the bowling ended I went to their bar and managed to spend $90 in about 20 minutes for 4 shots and 4 drinks plus tip. I can't go for that can't go for that. I've spent that over an entire night at North Bowl and the bartenders are a lot nicer there.
We had some fried macaroni and cheese bites that were out of this world but really how do you mess up balls breaded and fried full of mac and chee??
I'd go back again but it  certainly wouldn't be my first choice and I'd be very cautious what I ordered.We held an event for our wedding out of town guests at Lucky Strike and everything was awesome. We rented eight lanes and the staff constantly replenished our food choices. Everyone had a great time and the staff was very helpful through the entire planning process. I live in California and Heather and her team were flexible and accommodating to all of our requests and questions. Highly recommend for an event!!Came here for a bachelor party with a large group of guys. Service was average at best. Our waiter disappeared for long periods of time even though we were ordering lots of food and drink. The food was actually pretty good. Drinks were crazy expensive. Skip Lucky Strike and go to North or South Bowl. Overall I think North and South Bowl are much more fun, have better lanes, and better service.I like the concept around Lucky Strike...
This is not your father's bowling alley.  It's Bowling 2.0.  
Unfortunately, NO PINBALL...I prefer North Bowl (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/R0JUjyjGEzUlY3auVhY_tg#hrid:MxzBKrQMMRzCd_uXmGqoGw ), who ever is behind that joint got eveything right.
My wife and I stopped in the last time we were in Philly together, as we were waiting for our table at the fabulous FOGO DE CHAO (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/cGX-1IUwXOjkUqZbkKYcjw#hrid:-2ev0p6FXGowvcLKeolErA ) across the street.  Would definitely come back to try bowling here, if they only had some Pinball...Whatever you do...do NOT lean against the wooden bar by the pool tables on the right.  It is about to collapse.  Our server wouldn't even let us put drinks on it.  
The bouncer spoke as if he had, not just cotton in his mouth, but a fully un-shorn ewe in there.  We decided to proceed with caution and he let us through.
Once inside, it is a pretty cool place.  Lots of TVs, OK pool tables, bowling (of course) and a large bar.  They often have private parties here and it is definitely a nice place to have one.  I think Flo Rida (as evidenced by his posters) was doing some cd-releasing later that night.  Not completely sure.
This place is definitely worthwhile to check out.  There is nothing like it downtown, and it is quite fun.  Don't go if you are too emo or too ghetto.  There's a bit of a dress code instituted by "the man."Booked a party here, arrived and the lane was not ready. They didn't have shoes in everyone's size. Doesn't seem like they have enough servers. The lanes were malfunctioning and messing up the game. Giving it two stars because the DJ was pretty good.I went here with my coworkers last Friday, and we had a great time! The drinks were very good, and so were the appetizers, including the scallops. How often do you get a good scallop in a bowling alley?? We were in the third floor lounge and we bowled 2 games. After spending my life bowling in places that also feature laser tag and skee-ball, I thought this place was awesome! Very classy, Center City lounge vibe.Service sucks! My best friend and I got turned away for bowling because there was a 4 hour wait. Two minutes later a group got a lane. I watched him for a while and only large groups got service. When we complained to the manager, she said we could have a lane for $75 an hour! Disgusting staff habitsAwesome place. The drinks are a tad bit overpriced, but the service is good. Friday is strike night, meaning if you get a neon pin as the head pin and bowl a strike, you get a free hour of bowling! Naturally I got a free hour :-)Terrible service. It's a shame because the place is a nice place and the idea of this place is great. That being said our experience was terrible. We were on a waitlist for bowling they said it was 45min to 1 hour ..... we left at 2 hours and then received a text that our lane was ready. Only reason I am giving 2 stars is because wings are pretty good . We also liked the large Jenga game and connect 4 which can occupy kids for a little while as you WAIT and WAIT for someone to approach you and take your order. Once we received our food we had to track down anyone for napkins, plates and utensils. No one came up to us to ask if we wanted anything else or another drink. We had to find our waiter for the check.... we could have easily walked out without paying because no one was around. EVER. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else!I have been to lucky strike half a dozen times and every time it's been awesome. Whether you're into bowling, pool, ping pong or any of the games they offer you are almost guaranteed to have a blast!! The waiters are quite attentive and drink are definitely on point. They have a happy hour that you might want to check out. Also I just recently found out that the third floor becomes a lounge area after certain hours on Fridays and Saturdays. 
Ps the Irish nachos are soooo delicious. Burgers are quite large with good options. Sweet potato fries were yummy too.Fun place for groups, good music & the lanes glow in the dark.After a few days of hitting the towns sites and eateries we decided to burn off those cheesesteaks and bowl a few games.  I'll start with the good...
GOOD:
Happy Hour from 4 - 7 with $3 beers, $4 wines and $5 cocktails (ADD 1 STAR)
Nice interior with neon lighting and big, comfy seats to go back to after throwing that strike! (ADD 1 STAR)
Staff was actually nice and our waitress was attentive and always checked on us (ADD 1 STAR)
Now for the the bad...
BAD:
Food during HH was a rip off.  How are chips and guacamole $11 during HH??? The cheese curd things were quite tasty but for a dozen pieces I think $10 is pricey.  And this is during Happy Hour, I'm afraid to see what prices are AFTER HH! (MINUS 1 STAR)
And again got ripped off for bowling.  Not sure if the guy who rang us up thought we were paying for dates that weren't there but we were charged double.  He didn't even correct the problem when only 2 of us were asking for shoes. (MINUS 1 STAR
)
It was a good time for the few hours were there so I'll just chalk the overcharging to "tourist taxes!" Haha)My friends and I came to lucky strike for their 9pm special when you can get unlimited bowling for $15 bucks from 9pm to midnight. It's a great deal compared to what the lanes cost to rent during the weekends or Friday night. The venue is really big and it's nice that there is nice seating and lounges to sit while you wait for your turn. There's generic bar food that you can order and it's not the best so I would stick the bowling and drinks. A beer will run you 6 bucks so it's not too expensive. The service was good but the waiter for our lane wasn't very attentive and we had to go to the bar to order drinks. A really fun night with friends but I would not pay the full price for this on the weekends. For $15 bucks form 9 to midnight, it was worth itOn the up side - if you have a mess of people and need to get into a bar at the last minute... you can ALWAYS get into Lucky.  On the down side... that really isn't a good thing.  
Service is inconsistent.  Beer list is shallow.  Drinks are expensive.  Kitchen is mediocre.  Honestly I've gotten to where I doubt I'd set foot into the place again - and it's possibly the closest drinking establishment to my office in the city.
If you're going to bowl... then it beats any other alley hands down.  But otherwise I'd advise avoiding Lucky Strike.I requested off for V-day. We decided to get out early to miss the crowds and enjoy Lucky Strike during Happy Hour. It was around 3:30 and no one was hardly there yet. We got drinks for cheap, and we played two rounds of bowling. It was a nice atmosphere and folk were really good servers. So all around good. Again, i went in the day and the scene was definitely different than what other folks are saying.I signed up for a 5 week bowling league at Lucky Strike (LS) and they cancelled our league two weeks in a row.  No explanation was given and it didn't appear that the lanes were closed.  The only conclusion that I can draw is that LS sold us access to the lanes then re-sold it to someone consecutively.  This is the kind of business practice that needs to be brought to the Better Business Bureau's attention.
Other Gripes:
1. LS does not recommend that you use your own ball because the return equipment might damage your bowl.  Not a big deal but...
2. There are not enough balls available.  Everyone in the league wastes time looking for a decent ball to no avail.  Need a ball with XL cut finger holes?  You won't find one unless your willing to use a ball that is 15lbs or greater. 
3. Malfunctioning lanes.  Almost didn't have enough time to bowl against our opponents because the lane equipment couldn't properly decipher the amount of pins hit.  We had to relay the info to the front desk, and if the guy wasn't there, that's your problem.
Lucky Strike is not for your average bowler and certainly not for bowling enthusiasts.  It's a high priced bar that offers you a distraction in the form of low quality bowling.  Oh yeah, be wary of LS selling you access to their lanes then re-selling it.  At least try to be the guy that buys it the second time around.