I haven't eaten here yet, but love the beer selection and the drink called the pain killer with OJ, pineapple, rum and rum chatta.  YUM!Best place in all of Manayunk. Great food, great beer, and a friendly staff. Burgers and Dogs are the best in all of philly, and they have a great brunch menu as well. If you haven't tried this place, do yourself a favor and visit their Manayunk or Queen Village locations.Been living around here for two years now. This place is easily one of my favorites bars in the whole city. Staff, food, and beer is great.Amazing food and amazing service!! Nice little chill bar with great burgers and their tater tots are life changing!!!!Stopped in for a couple drinks last night. Had a great time. Thanks for being open on Thanksgiving!Not as bad as I feared it would be. It takes a lot for me to venture into a manayunk bar on a Saturday night. Imagine my surprise that the bartenders were actually cool. The patrons were ehh -- I later found out st joes kids returned to school the same night I was at lucky's.
The first floor was a bit narrow leading me to feel a bump each time someone moved past, but eventually I was able to sit at a two top and relax, people watch, whatever.
I look forward to returning on a low key evening -- non weekend night, and maybe trying some grub.My boyfriend, roommate and I checked this place out the first week it opened. Since then, there hasn't been a week we haven't stopped multiple times. The staff and management are welcoming and friendly. They all get to know you. The best part is they eventually are able to suggest new beers based on your specific taste (like I said, we go here a lot haha). I really love that they have been partnering up with other great businesses in manayunk like Volo and Sweet Elizabeth's. By far the best spot to go to to get around the typical "manayunk crowd".Great for a Sunday funday.  I hate saying that word but it's true.  The mac and cheese burger is definitely something you've got to try, trust me!Went last night and only had a hot dog with Mac n cheese. I've been sick all night with no end in sight. I'm sure the beer/drinks are fine but I will not be eating there again.great food and service, good beer selectionStill no update to the veggie burger...try a new recipe!! You can't keep the same one on the menu forever. Veggie lovers need variety too. And our money is real!
As always, service is pretty great. We love the bartenders here.. No complaints on the beer front. But please spice it up for vegetarians/vegans! (I'd spend more $$$)Excellent burger and the best tater tots I've had since I was 7!! Yummmm 
And the bartender is a doll and makes the BEST "painkiller" (a cocktail) 
So happy I stopped inGreat burgers! Fries are mediocre but the burgers make up for it. Nice melted cheese, soft bun, juicy patties, and toppings like Mac and Cheese make these among the best burgers Philadelphia has to offer. Pass on the interesting but dry PB and J burger.This place is great. Went the for the first time last night and will definitely return. The food is creative, the decor is original, the staff is competent and friendly, and the beer list is great. Next time I have a friend in from out of town that I want to impress with a local and unique place to get dinner, I'm taking them to Lucky's.Very friendly, welcoming atmosphere.  Owner is always there and he knows his excellent beer selection. The menue is not huge but is really interesting.  Peanut Butter  and jelly burger. Really? Don't knock it till you try it.  Great Hot Dogs, Mac & Cheese and Chilli. Nice alternative when cruising main street.Horrible, insulting service from the bartender.  I walked in with my husband and parents for an afternoon drink and snack. We immediately felt an overwhelming sense that we were not welcome. The Bartender looked annoyed at our presence, complained about having to clear our table, and then when I asked him to wipe off the dirty setting in front of me, he rolled his eyes and stomped off.   We left before he took our order. Will never go back and do not recommend.OMG the Buffalo Mac & Cheese !  Honestly everything was really good - burgers & the bun, fries and loved the onion straws.  I would, however, recommend ordering the double as the burger patties are on the small side & 1 was a lot of bun.  Dined at the bar - great service, fun atmosphere.  Can't wait to go back.This is one of my favorite bars in the Philadelphia area.  I normally order a hot dog and fries and what every beer the bartender recommends.  I never know what am drinking but i always like it,  The bartenders know their stuff.Best chill bar in the yunk! Great beer selections and servers and great!!  You MUST try the Mac attack burger- all burgers are great but this is the staple-  burger with delicious Mac and cheese on it :)
The upstairs is nice at night, usually a little less crowded if you're looking for that atmosphere!I've lived here in Manayunk for 6 years and just finally for the first time made it over to Luckys. Wow how disappointed I am of myself for not discovering this place sooner. My wife and I each got our own burgers, she got a standard cheeseburger and I got the breakfast Burger with Bacon and a Fried Egg (No Cheese). They were both fantastic! Neither one needed seasoning or even condiments like ketchup or mustard. Perfect as is. We also ordered the mac and cheese. (Let it be known im not a fan of homemade mac and cheese that comes out all stringy, I prefer creamy) This mac and cheese was all that I love in a good mac and cheese, thick but robust sauce with cream, cheese, and lots of flavor. Needed an extra shake of pepper but thats a personal preference. Onion straws were tasty too, peppery which was nice! Cannot wait to go back and try a hotdog. They do a special on Tuesdays, 2 hotdogs and fries for something like $6; Im so there!I'm a yunker - i have lived here for almost a decade and I have to say, throughout the years, my favorite place has been Tonic, then Yunkers, now Lucky's! 
The burgers are unique and delicious and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable on the beer & food menu.  The new decor looks amazing and totally changes whole atmosphere.  This isnt' your drunk college kid bar and I LOVE THAT!This is a polite bar so if you can't be nice then you shouldn't come here. I like nice people, especially when I'm being served. Anyway next topic the food...I haven't had everything on the menu but our choice of food the buffalo wing burger (I swapped the blue cheese for ranch) & the Mac stuffed grilled cheese (I forgot the name of it). The food and service was tremendous. It was so good that when the waiter ask my girlfriend how was it she started dancing lol...but actions speak louder than words right. I can't wait to return here. The kitchen is open until midnight which is a gift and a curse.Best place for a burger in Philadelphia.  Great low key locals spot to enjoy Manayunk.  Come for the burgers, fall in love with the hot dogs and local beers.Extremely pleasant bartenders who seem to be naturally happy people. The interesting PBnJ burger changed my life. Their cooks must be stoners bc that burger is magic. However their 8$ Mac and cheese looked and tasted cheap and the portion is too small. However, as said, the bartenders and burgers make his place truly worth the hike to Manayunk. Stay cool Lucky's !So the PB&J was really good. My friend got the guac burger and took one bite and could not eat anymore, it was tasteless. So I took a bite and felt the same. So waitress comes by and ask if everything is OK I say my burger is great but she took one bite of hers and doesn't like it. So she says would you like to buy something else. Now in my past experience as a waiter we take the plate away and bring something else out no questions, customer comes first. Bad service.Stop in on our way out. Service was quick and bartenders are really nice and they take care of youMy family and I went here when I was in town visiting. It was my sister's last meal as under 21 and they were well situated for bar hopping come midnight.
I want to first give major props to them for even letting us sit. As we were sitting, we realized our faux pas at sitting in the upstairs area that closed in 15 minutes. And we knew this wouldn't be a quick meal. We offered to move downstairs but they said not to worry.
Everyone at the table found a good menu option for them. I was debating the Inferno and the Greek burger. I like spicy and can handle quite a bit. Often times, you read these warnings and they are bogus. I once (in San Diego) had to sign a waiver before eating my spicy burger only to find it weak.
Well, when I asked the waiter which is better, he said that he too loves spicy but this burger is miserable. He really was adamant that I should rethink ordering it. Given that I had a long night of bar hopping with my soon-to-be-of-age little sister, I opted to be safe and skip it. But, I was intrigued so I asked for a side of the sauce. The waiter brought it with gloves. Firth thought in my head: gimmick.
I dipped a fry in it and suddenly my mouth was filled with instant regret. The heat did not hit right away nor did it smell spicy allowing you to take too much. And trust me, any of it is too much. That stuff was super, super hot.
Now, me being me, I still had some more (and regretted it the next morning but I won't go into that).
Other than that, the food was good. They were out of burger buns (and were up front about it) but they sub of Texas toast was certainly adequate. Everyone agreed the food was above par.
My only thing is that the menu was so burger focused that it limited the appeal. Actually 1/2 our party was vegetarian and while the black bean (I think) burger was fine, more options would have been niceAmazing customer service, even more amazing burgers. Delicious flavorful creations - I will always be a huge fan!Jalapeño tater tots w/ chicken (they were out of pork) , and the Incomparable Bacon Cheddar burger, sans-BBQ sauce.
Tater tots were crisp around the edges, and fluffy in the middle: perfection. Burger was HUGE, cooked just right w/ the ideal amount of cheese and onions.
GREAT FOOD. Decent beer list. Free WiFi.
While I do live in the exorbitantly priced San Francisco, I've got to say this place was a damn good deal.
While it may not be 5-stars, it's definitely more than 4. #fourandahalfOk so Luckys is reeeeeeally good. Great burger and great beer selection. Ok I gotta say, it's honestly not the best burger I have ever had... But it's good. It's consistently good which is awesome. Some things on the menu are really full flavored and can be too much for some people, like the buffalo Mac and cheese tastes like straight buffalo sauce. But this place gives the effort that every food establishment should. Love the pb and j cheese burger!Burgers are excellent and servers are always extremely friendly. I have friends who live in Manayunk and we always go there when I come to visit.The. Best. My stomach is starting to growl just writing this review. I've been here multiple times while living in Manayunk, and just recently made the trip over the bridge from South Jersey for my favorite burger. 
I always go with the Mak Attack (mac and cheese) burger which is phenomenal, and the last trip we made my boyfriend had the Bacon, Egg, n Cheese burger which he loved. I have many friends who have tried a variety of the burgers and they have all said nothing but positive things. The Main Street Fries are also a MUST. Amazing seasoning, old bay, and cheese...what is there not to love. 
The beer selection is also great, and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. I've sat both at the bar and upstairs with great experiences all around.It is what it is. Come to Lucky's for a tasty local ale and the PB&J burger. This is a very unpretentious spot with good service and unique collage décor. Plenty of TVs if you are a sports aficionado. The bartenders are quick and very pleasant. Feel free to sample some brews before buying a glass. Also, Lucky's Manhattan is my favorite in the world. Hot dogs, burgers, beers, and good times to be had here.My husband and daughter went yesterday.  My
Husband is super picky and said prob one of his top 3 fav burgers ever. My daughter had the Mac and cheese and raved bout it.  Also said price was very reasonable.This place is the talk of the town for hot dog lovers (which doesn't include me). I decided to indulge my co-workers by having one and wasn't overly impressed. I expected a $8 hot dog to be a decent size and filling. You have to order a few if you are really hungry. They do have some creative toppings that makes the experience interesting, but if you're not a hot dog lover, this place won't impress you.i go every month to try the new special burger and i'm never disappointed. get onion straws on the side with extra sauce. you'll need it.Heaven on Main Street Manayunk
Top quality craft beers, best burgers as far as the eye can see, great selection of quality hotdogs, and terrific selection of brunch menu items including the donut' go breakin' my heart burger.
The donut' go breakin' my heart burger is a burger in the middle of a donut coupled with a fried egg, bacon, and amazing raspberry jam on the side. The donut itself is thin and glazed but it is on the top of the burger and bottom for the perfect amount of donut. Go for this menu item if you are jonesing for some sweet with your burger. I think this menu item is almost a life experience! I will not be ordering it again as with my burgers I do not want sweetness but for all the attributes of this burger on a luscious donut and amazing presentation along with delicious flavor I give it five stars. 
I frequent Lucky's last chance and a neat side note, Charles Barkley is known to stop in here when he is in the Manayunk area. More menu item reviews will follow but you truly cannot go wrong if you are looking for a burger in Manayunk.Visited here for a late lunch based on the reviews and a hunger for a good burger and wasn't disappointed. Ordered a Blu Burger and it was really good - double patty and good quality cheese and bun. Krinkle-cut fries were OK. Had a decent selection of beers and the waitress was knowledgeable and friendly. Definitely want to come back after work some night. Place had a nice vibe.Gotta say I really like this place. Came in on a Sunday around 11:58am and they don't start serving their regular menu until 12. No problem, well kinda there is. The burger I came for is the juicy Lucy. They spell it differently. Anyway, this burger takes a little more to put together, so originally they told me it wouldn't be available till 2pm. But then the manager comes over and says, it can be done. Hey, service is always a winner for me. The staff is cool. It's a small dive bar looking place, but it has....atmosphere. Oh yeah, that burger was GREAT. I mean, really good. This is a place I will frequent. Leave the kids at home though. I got a little one and he was messing up my vibe. Cute kid, but not the place for him. It's not a high chair friendly establishment. And that's OK!!!"You gonna eat your tots?" 
Lucky's is a small little joint located on Main Street in Manayunk. It is easily the best place around if you are looking for burgers and fries for dinner or in this case...TOTS. 
Lucky's has specialized burgers, french fries, and tater tots. If you are looking for something different than pairing your burger with french fries, I definitely recommend ordering the fancy tots. Tonight I ordered the Junkyard Tots and they are my absolute fav! 
The Junkyard Tots are covered in bacon, cheddar cheese, sour cream, and chives. Literally heaven in a dish. The tots are cooked to perfection and have just the right amount of toppings on top. The food is delicious and the staff are very attentive to each customer.The tater tots are soooooo good. Service is always good. I would give a 5 star but I don't like that they cook all burgers at the same temperature since I only like my medium rare.Last Friday night Feb 3rd, I called in an order for pick up a little after 930pm and I was told they aren't taking orders bc there is a wait for tables.  Confused, I just accepted it and moved on.  The next day, I called at 130pm to pickup, and they told me they don't take orders until 2pm.  Increasingly frustrated, I waited and ended up calling back at 330pm only to be told THEY AREN'T TAKING ORDERS AT THIS TIME.  
At this point, my GF and I are thinking they just lost customers.  What does having a wait for a table have to do with me calling in an order?  Nothing!  That's why take-out exists - so that you don't wait in/eat in the restaurant.  Mutually-exclusive concepts.
Almost a week goes by, and it is Friday Night again.  I'm feeling forgiving, and to boot, it is earlier at a safer 8pm,.  I cautiously call in for pick up and once a effing again, I am told they aren't taking order bc it is 'kind of busy.'   
RIDICULOUS AND UNPROFESSIONAL.  Pardon the obvious pun, but Lucky's had its last chance.Man this place is packed and popular. I definitely recommend going after brunch hours. It was pretty hard for my friend and me to find sitting. The food here is delicious and wonderful and miles away from being healthy. If you're looking for a side salad to go with your meal, you won't find that here. Instead you will be served with unique burgers that will blow your taste buds away. 
I've tried 4 of their burgers so far, my favorites are the joocy lucy and the mak attack. The joocy lucy takes longer to prepare so if you're hungry and want less wait time I would recommend getting the mak attack. The mak attack has mac and cheese in the burger. The cheese is wonderful and brings a great taste to the meal.
Lucky's is a good place to grab a drink with friends. The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. It's a loud place, so you'll need to speak up to be heard.Came here tonight looking for a good post-workout meal after a particularly tiring session at the gym. I opted for the "Almost Inferno" (but with 3 patties instead of 2, and cheddar instead of American cheese). And damn...I'm already fantasizing about going back there. The Jalapeno Cheese Tots have left a hole in my heart that can only be filled by more jalapeno cheese tots.Fly to Philly to eat here!  
Main Street tots and chili tots are the bomb!  Chris is an awesome ambassador for Lucky's.  The tots are worth the visit before you even have the hamburgers.  We had peanut Butter bacon burger - the winner and then there was the incomparable bacon (add the siracha mayo) Burger, then the monthly special mucho mango burger (more chorizo than mango.)
Fabulous place. The best burger all year!Food is amazing. The Mac Attack burger is by far one of the best burgers I've ever had. The employees are extremely nice as well. Also, the manager Chris is very friendly and funny.Located on Main St. Manayunk this is a great bar for craft beer and burgers.  Their menu is burgers and dogs and macaroni and cheese.  The buffalo mac and cheese is AMAZING! The interior in funky and the atmosphere is chill.  Great place to drop in for a beer."Wow" is all my husband and I kept saying to each other as we ate here for the first time. He had the incomparable burger and I had the peanut butter and jelly burger. We shared with each other and not sure which one was better. Both of them were the best burgers I have ever had (honestly) and the beer selection, vibe and service really topped it off as one of the best lunches we have ever had.. thank you ! Can't wait to go back!Love this place. Amazing burgers.. totally recommend the pb&j burger. Chris makes amazing cosmopolitans!I live in New Jersey and I've been driving here on a weekly basis strictly for their food.
 It's actually that good. 
Must Order: 
- Deadwood
- Mak Attack
- Junkyard tots 
If you follow my instructions, prepare yourself for the best dining experience of your life, and gaining 10 lbs... but it's worth it. Between the chill atmosphere, friendly staff and surprisingly wide selection of hard ciders you could easily kill an afternoon here. Definitely my favorite burger place, hands down.Went last night because I had to try a burger after reading all the great reviews.  It definitely lived up to the hype!  I had the burger of the month, the Pumpkin Patty Melt, and it was awesome!  I can't wait to go back and try all of their burgers (and mac & cheese).  The beer selection is fantastic too, and the waiter said they change the tap options frequently.  This will be my new go-to spot in Manayunk for beer and eats.The burgers are seriously the best in the area. My favorite is the Mak Attack which is a burger with Mac and Cheese on it. The other burgers are phenomenal too.  The buns that they use are also delicious. The selection of beer is very decent and the staff are awesome.This place gets 5 stars for so many reasons...  The food is amazing, best burgers and the main st fries are highly addictive!  Bartenders are knowledgeable and super friendly, making this a comfortable and different atmosphere than most places on main st.Totally wasn't expecting much but was blown away!  I had the "almost inferno" burger with fried egg, and bacon... OMG it was SO good!  
Perfect amount of heat/spiciness and full of burger flavor.  Bacon was cooked to perfection, crispy and thick.  The burger patty was medium, juicy and meaty, egg was over easy and goo-ey and the bun did not get in the way of enjoying the burger creation.  SO GOOD.
The service was quick and attentive.  The place has its character and charm.  Totally coming back.DO NOT GO FOR BRUNCH. you will sit for an hour waiting for the tiniest biscuit and egg sandwich to come. And the price is not indicative of the size. There are no apologies for the kitchen and how inefficient things are run. Beware!I went recently to try one of the burgers I had heard much about.... I must admit that they did not disappoint at all.. I had one that was a specialty that is not always on the menu... a mushroom burger..  The quality of the roll and meat and toppings were excellent...  The beer selection is very good and its a nice rustic atmosphere inside... I don't give out many 5 stars.. but this place is darn close to one..I have lived in Manayunk for the past 3 years and Lucky's is hands down the best restaurant/bar on Main Street. The whole menu is great! Ultimate favorite is the PB and J burger, sounds funny but just trust it! My fiancé and I love Lucky's so much we did our engagement photos here. I would highly recommend.Bartenders were polite and friendly! Burgers are awesome but the tots are to die for!! Plus nothing beats a $6 dark n stormy ;)I walk past this place just about every day.  I never associated the steps up with a restaurant but it turned out it is.  Hot dogs and burgers on the menu and an average rating of 4.5.   Very intriguing.  I had the BEC burger which was very decent.  Service was good.  Likewise ambience of the place.  Now, if you are asking, are the burgers here better than at Barry's Steaks or others?  Probably not IMHO...  Still recommended.I live in manayunk area and whenever a friend visits this is my go to place to grab a few beers and some food. Arguably the best burgers in Philadelphia and the quality is always consistent.
Would suggest to anyoneWent in on a whim with a friend and had a great time. 
The bartender was really helpful when I wasn't too sure of what I wanted to drink. The atmosphere is like any bar I guess but overall it was a good night. 
Ended up ordering some burgers ("the classic") to go; really well made and a great price. 
Will be going back for sure!New name, same drinks, same music, same vibe, same drunk crowd... but now you can't smoke indoors.My favorite bar in Manayunk! The staff is super friendly and it's always a welcoming experience. The food is AMAZING....don't expect a Salad...they don't do salads... but if you like lots of cheese and mild regret this is the place to dine!!! I always get the voodoo with bacon. But recently I've been on the tot game, and you can't go wrong with TOTSAlways love this place. Good, creative, crazy burgers! The PBJ burger has won awards. 
Little bit of a hipster feel but it's not overwhelming. 
6 rotating craft taps as well as a good bottle / can selection. 
They don't have too many employees so it's really nice to see the same faces and great service every time :)My boyfriend loves this place. The food is definitely not good for you, but that's why it's so delicious. I wish they had more veggie-friendly options! The entire staff is terrific. Downstairs is great for a more social scene and upstairs is perfect for a more intimate hang-out spot. We'll be back!Definitely one of the best burgers in the city. I had the classic, a good old fashion burger. The meat was so perfectly seasoned and juicy I was sad when it was over. Onion strings and crinkle fries were delicious too and they had a great beer selection. All of that, coupled with the the most friendly and knowledgeable staff made this an unexpectedly perfect night out.Never knew that a peanut butter & jelly burger was a thing until walking into Lucky's.  I don't do burgers very often, but was pleased with the burgers at Lucky's.  Juicy double patties, good bun, very quick service with decent beer list (6 craft beers on tap).  Friendly staff and patrons.  Phillies game on tv.  Probably wouldn't get the pb&j again, but definitely interesting and no doubt will try some of the others.My other half and I have a never ending quest for amazing, unique burgers and fantastic brunches, so when we saw the epic brunch options and burgers (peanut butter bacon burger? Whuck?!),  it was written in the stars that we go here.
The first time we came,  I ended up getting a blue cheese burger, which was good, but not the best I've had.  My other half got the PB & bacon burger, which made me want to cry when I tried a bite!  The sweet and salty melted into the beef burger superbly!  I am allergic to pork, but that burger made me wonder if it it was worth getting and dealing with the sickness that would ensue? Alas no...but I can tell other people about it so they don't miss out on this phenomenon!  A must try!
Today we went for brunch, and I had the chicken biscuit w/ sausage gravy on the side.  I lived in South Carolina for years, so when they boasted that a "southerner would be proud" of this dish, I accepted the challenge.  Glad I did!  The chicken patty itself was flavorful and juicy, and the biscuit was one of the best that I've had outside of the South.  It was high, light, fluffy, and almost cake like in texture.  I've been to many places here in Philly that boast a dense, hard biscuit is the way to go so it doesn't get soggy under things like chicken or sausage gravy.  No one ever serves hard biscuits in the South, and I've never had a sausage gravy where I nor anyone at the table said, "gee, I wish there was a hard ass biscuit to go with all this gravy..."  Thank you Lucky's and Sweet Elizabeth's for nailing it!What an excellent find in Lucky's Last Chance.  Exactly as billed a great local place with cool beer selection and great service.  Lucky's great hot dogs and delicious assortment of tater tots are fun but clearly the winner is the outrageous and amazing burgers. We had the Big Fat Greek burger, the El Guapo and the most amazing of all, the award winning (deservedly so) PB and J Burger!  Yeah peanut butter on a burger? Crazy??? Like a fox - an amazing combination of flavors, that is the one to have! 
Lucky's is absolutely a high point in Manayunk.Stopped in yesterday with a girlfriend and Lucky's never disappoints. Amazing customer service, even more amazing burgers. Delicious flavorful creations - I will always be a huge fan!Christy D. enjoyed a Buffalo Bill hot dog and I chowed down on my El Guapo burger. We appreciate all beers and couldn't be more satisfied with Lucky's selection.  As we sipped away, we watched the girl next to us DEVOUR a PB and Bacon burger.  Although PB&J on a burger sounds absolutely disgusting, she seemed to be having such a five star time that I'm tempted to give it a chance.  Luck be with me, because I'm definitely coming back.Simply THE BEST STAFF hands down. The owner Chris is one of the most down to earth guys you will ever meet, and he hires people who are exactly the same - genuine and love what they do.
The beer selection is always fantastic - if you're stuck, bartender Chris gives solid beer recommendations 100% of the time. 
Definitely get Main Street Fries (sauce on the side!) = crinkle fries dipped in cheesy garlic heaven. They create a new burger every month ... they're always experimenting, having fun, and switching it up. Our top picks are the PB&J Bacon Burger (salty and sweet) and the Big Fat Greek Burger.
You can stop in for any reason - dressed up or after a run ... it's that kind of place. You're always welcome. Staple in Manayunk!This review is long overdue. Lucky's is my favorite place in the Manayunk/East Falls area to eat or drink. The atmosphere is so fun, welcoming, and relaxing, you immediately feel 'at home'. As someone thats "getting older" it also has less of a college bar vibe than some of the other places on Main Street. The food is amazing, the menu is not crazy or extravagant but everything on it that I've tried has been delicious. My go-to favorite is the "Peanut Butter Bacon" burger, which comes with a side of jelly. I rarely order anything else these days. Unless its November, in which case I am ALL about their Thanksgiving burger of the month. The staff is fantastic. We have never had bad service, the servers and bartenders are friendly, and it just adds to that "comfy" feel. I am not a beer drinker but my fiancé loves the carefully crafted draft selections, and usually he can find something new or fun to try. I am a cider drinker and Lucky's is one of the few places I have found that carries my favorite, Ciderboys, and if that isn't available there is almost always a different new cider for me to try. We are getting married next October and already have planned to stop in to Lucky's after the reception for a burger and a drink. When visitors are in town, its the first place we bring folks. If you want a fun, low-key, yummy stop in the Manayunk/Rox/East Falls area, then Lucky's is it.This place just so happens to rule. I was nervous about ordering the peanut butter, jelly and bacon cheeseburger but it was recently named the best burger in Philly. I loved it! Wow. If I go back it will be the Greek burger. Prices are also very fair for what you get. Also liked the atmosphere and the staff was nice. Hipster meets 50s diner.Fantastic service, awesome food (get the almost inferno or PB & Bacon burger with a side of Main Street tots) and dog-friendly outdoor seating.I was not impressed!!! They use the poorest quality of meat and the burgers have no flavor. Everything tastes like freezer burn. Their patrons must all be either bars flies or under 30 local residents who are happy with anything Manayunk just because they live there or just happy to be hanging in the area.I went to Lucky's Last Chance with my dad and 15 year old sister last night... we were in heaven! As a vegetarian I often have a hard time finding delicious veggie burgers; the El Guapo burger, though, (on which I substituted out the meat patty for a black bean veggie patty) was absolutely to die for... and my dad and sister were also so happy with their egg/bacon burger and hot dog with mac-n-cheese. It is such a shame that many people don't seem to know about this place (there was hardly anyone there)... hotdog/hamburger places don't get much better than this! (Oh and although it sounds gross, the butter and parmesan fries were also too good)When I think to myself "whats the best thing about this place"? I know the answer almost immediately. It's not the delicious food, it's not the wide selection of fancy drinks, it's gotta be something I noticed about the workers. The answer is their top notch beards, so thick and full, full of life! facial hair is frowned upon in certain uptight conformist corporations, But at this place, sick beards are a rite of passage. It Does not matter if the person is working the door, barbacking, bartending or managing, there are amazing beards doing it.
 I myself am Beard-disabled. It has just never been in the cards for me. My fuzzy Blondes (A barber once called them platinum colored) are thin and weak and barely existent. So when I stroll in, It's like walking into a "how to be a fucking man" museum and I admire them from my seat at the bar and order two fancy drinks in copper cups with a side of big fat juicy meat sandwich. for that brief moment in time, I have hope, That one day I can know what it's like to just open my door and scream to the world " HEY WORLD, I'M GOING TO CHOP DOWN A TREE AND BUILD A COFFEE TABLE TODAY, OR MAYBE I'LL KILL A DEER, AND EAT IT". But until that day, you can find me at Lucky's, surrounded by fantastic thick and dense beards.Outstanding burgers and a good beer selection, served by some of the friendliest folks I've come across in a business. Do yourself a favor and get some mac and cheese to go with your meal. I'll be coming back as frequently as my wallet allows.We live this place. Our kids loves this place. Get the peanut butter, jelly, and bacon burger. Trust me!!!This place...
It's in Manayunk. Which to most Philadelphians means it is some broish place.
Yet, it has GREAT burgers, dogs, and tots. And as someone who has known cooks who work here, I can say that without feeling like a biased A-hole. Because that's the truth. Try them, and you will agree. I guarantee it (not really, but I liked them before I knew anyone who worked there, so chill).
The bartenders/servers (they serve double purpose) are very friendly, knowledgeable, and professional. Every staff member I've interacted with has treated all the customers with an abundance of respect, making sure you leave happy. As a server myself, I can tell when people are phoning it in, and they are absolutely not. Whether I am coming with five of my friends, or alone, they make me feel welcome. So, if you are ever in the area and need a good burger and a beer. GO HERE!I love it here and always have. This is the only bar I'll go to in Manayunk. The food is amazing and so is the beer. I love going and seeing my buddies :)Best Mac and Cheese on main street!! Flavors were on point. Had the hot dog Mac and cheese, was to die for! Looking forward to going back and trying other items on the menu. Full bar. Good selection of beer. Try the Painkiller, it definitely works!Absolutely love this place. With their unique burgers and awesome beer choices, you can't go wrong!Five star place there food is simple but taken to the next level. The main street fries and a last chance coney (chili cheese dog) are my two favorite things to order. The place is clean food comes out fast and hot plus the staff is extremely friendly. I can eat their food two days in a row without issue it tastes amazingThis place is amazing. Great service & food!  I always enjoy going here because their menu is very creative.  Creative menu includes a variety of tater tots, burgers, and Mac n cheese.  If you like buffalo chicken this is the place to go.  you can get buffalo chicken burgers, tots, and Mac n cheese.The Incomparable burger was like no other burger I've had. Definitely top 3! The tots were loaded with lots of bacon goodness!Mac and cheese, on a burger!!! Yummy fries! Great beer selection and fantastic service.  What's not to like!?Great service,  awesome decor, and delicious, mouth watering food!!
The tater tots were delish! A must have!! The burgers here are amazing & they have a great selection!! The service was phenomenal!! 
I would definitely come back here when in the area again and would recommend it to those who are!!Wonderful comfort food. Unique Mac & cheese options (loved the buffalo Mac & cheese as well as the sour cream & chives Mac & cheese). Gourmet burgers are delicious. My husband recommends the jalapeño burger- said it was the best he ever had. Even my vegetarian cousin loved her homemade veggie burger! Sadly, the tots were not my favorite but others liked them a lot. Don't bother coming of you are on a diet. Also the beer menu is impressive!cheese amigos fries are the best thing on this earth.  burgers are delicious and so are the tots. love this place.Lucky's last chance was amazing. Great selections of beer of course. It took me 15 minutes to decided on what food to get because everything sounds so good. I ended up getting an mac & chews burger which was delicious. My husband & I also shared there cheese fries which were the highest of the whole meal. I highly recommend this beer playground!When in PHL you must try Lucky's. The staff is super friendly and attentative. Even after all their rave reviews on Yelp, Lucky's exceeded my expectations. I had the El Guapo burger and it was scrumptious. Their Main Street fries were out of this world, definitely a MUST haveVeggie burger consists of just black beans and bread essentially. Empty and poor tasting at that. Fries are frozen and place feels like a typical grimey college bar. They messed up our order and gave me some garlic fries which I specifically said I did not want when recommended to me by my husband. Bathrooms were among the grossest I've ever seen. You couldn't pay me to go back.I love this bar. Really cool atmosphere and a great, chill place to start the night, particularly if food is on the mind. 
Let's talk burgers. Namely, their incredible selection. Personally, I recommend the Mac attack. deliciously cheesy, garlicky Mac on top of a juicy burger. Order a side of jalapeño cheese tater tots and your stomach is properly lined for whatever the rest of your night holds. 
Luckys also has a vast selection of beers to choose from and friendly staff members who make patrons feel welcomed. Definitely a must-go for anyone in the area.Visiting from Orlando for Independence Weekend -I had a frank and my husband had the almost inferno burger.  Both of us were well pleased with our meals.  However don't be fooled by the "almost" title that burger was good and hot so much so that my husband needed a small cup of milk after.  Very well decorated and well attended.  Friday nights get crowded after work hours so come a little early to ensure a seat.  In addition to amazing food the upper level is eye- catchingly decorated and its evident that Lucky's is a favorite local hang out spot.Went in tonight with an old friend and was asked right away whether we'd like a table and since we'd have to wait, if we wanted a drink while we waited. Got our drinks right away and even was given a sample of a beer we weren't sure about. Ended up only waiting about 5-7 minutes before a table was available. I had their veggie burger and added bacon -- it was amazing. It's a black bean patty with guacamole and fresh diced tomatoes. Delicious! We also shared these thinly sliced onion things. They were a little spicy but delicious- I've never had anything like them. I also ordered a dark and stormy cocktail which came out right away and was in a huge glass! I was also able to carry on a conversation with my friend without yelling over music. I was very pleased with this place and would definitely come back.Lucky's is hands down the BEST bar in Manyaunk.  It's beer selection is amazing and the atmosphere is a huge relief from the college themed dance parties that are found at most of the local bars on Main St.  The bartenders are always ridiculously nice and they know the beers really well.  For ex: I will order something I know I like and then ask for a recommendation and 100% of the time, I like the beer they suggest.  It's nice going to a bar where the people working there appreciate what they are serving rather than someone that just wants to make money slinging bud lights and cheap vodka drinks.  
Also, during the Manayunk strEat festival, my husband, friends, myself and my 8 month old stopped in for a drink.  Granted, it was mid afternoon but we didn't feel awkward having our baby in the bar.  We probably wouldn't take him there after 6 but it's nice that they were still accommodating when family friendly isn't their specialty. 
80% of the time - when I go out on Main St., this is my go-to bar.  The other 20% of the time, I am just getting a happy hour special somewhere else and still wind up there later in the night.Pb&j burger is, incredibly, delicious. Kept dipping it into the grape jelly side. Bacon egg& cheese also a winner--perfect fried egg. Garlic fries weren't as garlicky as I'd like but the mac&cheese was to die for. Our server was super chill, patient and very friendly, he literally sat down and explained to my friend why he did not want to hurt himself with the inferno challenge. The beer (on special) was decent and the decor very coolSix words...PITCHERS OF LONG ISLAND ICE TEA!! And they were only $6.00. A little young for my taste but a nice spot and change of pace.Came in for First Friday. They had an art exhibit upstairs. We got a table right away even though they were pretty busy. I think they may have reduced their beer selection a bit which disappointed my wife who couldn't find her favorite in the menu anymore however they still have plenty to choose from. I tried the El Guapo burger for the first time and let me say it might be one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. My wife got a classic which was good and a side of their specialty fries, which were a bit too smothered for me. Regardless, Lucky's is one of my favorite spots on Main St. and I highly recommend it to any burger connoisseur's out there.Love coming here to grab a burger and beer!! They have a great selection of craft beers of all kinds. As for the burgers they are one of a kind and always awesome! It's has a fun environment and the customer service is always on point.This place had a really good vibe to it with great customer service. The cheese burgers were absolutely amazing...I would have given it a 5 stars but my only complaint was the French fries... Not only did we have to pay for them separately but they were terrible!! Pretty decent amount of choices to pick from but when you pay $6 for loaded French fries and still need to douse them in ketchup, that's a problem... they honestly taste/look like generic frozen store bought ones that will leave you highly disappointed.Ok so I went to check it out because I heard from a close friend that the place has awesome artisan burgers and  quite a few options for cold beer....and they were right! Love the look, nice easygoing vibe, Owner Chris was there, very nice and the bartenders were on top of it! My husband had a cheddar bacon filled burger and he loved it- almost ate the plate!! 
But you have to try the Mac attack burger - friggin awesome!!  I am a cheeseburger lover, and I love macaroni and cheese. They decided to blend the 2- so there is 2 juicy burgers on a fresh roll, with this sublimely cheesey and creamy macaroni inbetween the 2 burgers...mmmm  -and them more cheese on top....aaahhhh that is as good as it gets!  I could eat a huge bowl of just the mac and cheese it is so good, but this is a meat and mac lovers delight.  So I will be back  - I sided it with a cold doghead beer that hit the spot!  
Also, don't miss trying the onion strings - light, crispy and slightly spicy! I even added a few on my burger for some extra crunch!   
Crowd was mixed - seemed more early 30-40's  - but not too trendy, but definately not seedy -- was very comfortable atmosphere. I only wish they have a bit more room for more tables, as it can get a bit busy. I enjoyed watching the flat screen tvs while chatting and the bar was busy ,but not overcrowded - people were eating at the bar as well as at tables. Again, laid back - I like that!
If your  "Lucky" - Go on a night when Chris or Doug are there - awesome guys that take care of ya! Very knowledgeable of the offerings!!  See ya there in the corner eating the Mac attack---Always a great bar to come to when you're with a smaller group and want somewhere chill. They have a great selection of craft beers on tap and there's always new ones to try. The drinks are higher priced than most places in manayunk but it's worth it for the variety and the craft beers. The downstairs is small and gets a little crowded but there is also an upstairs that often had a Dj and turns into a dance floor on weekend nights. 
As for the food, they have some of the most unique and tasty burgers in Philly! Id say their burgers are a must-try. Their brunch selection is also unique and very delicious. Mind you, all of their dishes are not what u would call "healthy" by any means but great if you want to splurge on something delicious and different!How does anyone with a pulse not love this place?!?! The craft beers alone are worth a peek, but the burgers fries and mak attack are where it's at! Servers are hospitable and food is amazing.Two words for this place: HOLY. CANNOLI. So, this was my first time here. I instantly felt cool coming in here. It's a comfortable atmosphere, they had perfect lighting, ventilation, music. Everyone was smiling. This made my heart smile. I was seated upstairs, and literally felt like I was in some rich kid's basement...in a good way. Beautiful! So everything was spotless clean, which was surprising for a bar. My server Vin was the biggest (he's like 9 feet tall) sweetheart I have ever met. Honestly. He was so prompt, so accurate, genuinely so nice. He made me feel right at home. I wasn't rushed. He brought me napkins when I spilled my lemonade all over my new khakis. I ordered the PB and bacon with buffalo chicken mak. This food was seriously unreal. If I go to prison for murdering my ex-girlfriend, I want this to be my last meal. In all seriousness, it was so amazing. The texture, the flavor, the seasoning. Crafted from the gods. Thank you to everyone at Lucky's for the experience. Shout out to my server for making me feel like a friend, not a customer. Shout out to the cooks for making perfect food. 5 stars forever and ever.Wow. Holy moly!! Ok, if you're going to eat something unhealthy, this is it. This food is amazing!! We came on a Monday and they had a special grilled cheese menu. I got the cheeseburger grilled cheese (on Texas toast) he got some amazing hot dog. And we got the Main Street fries to share. I don't eat like this frequently but when I have the craving to, now I know where to go.You wanna know a good time to go? M-TH on the earlier end of happy hour (I got there just after 6). If you don't know when to go to Manayunk, I cannot help you 'cause I'm too grown to go anywhere near that place once the sun sets on a weekend. I just have too much sense. Or maybe not enough patience. Or a chauffeur... 
Anywho, my friend and I headed upstairs and were seated immediately by the coolest, most laidback server who had our drinks before us in less than 2 minutes. Heeeeeeeeey!
I was never thirsty. I cannot tell you what sweet, sweet freedom this gives me to have myself a good time. And I am here to tell you, I puts the O_o in good time, m'kay?
Once you're a few sips in, be sure to enjoy oglin' the burger menu. Chirren! I love a place that ain't skeered to get zany with burger toppings. Of course the thing about zany burger combos is that the burger part has to be perfection. And I'm just delighted to tell you that somebody's hands of glory patted all sorts of delicious juiciness into the patties on my standard El Guapo burger. Props to my server (whose name escapes me. blame it on the dranks and a food coma) for helping me narrow down my greediness...I mean, my choices.
Let me ask you something... 
You ever be out with someone and y'all chattin' it up furiously and then the food comes and you keep chattin' while you prep your burger, ketchup your fries and such? But then you take one bite of said burger and then another and then another and suddenly you realize you've totally been ignoring your dinner partner because it's just been you and this burger slow dancin' in a burnin' room of nomnom?! Yeaaaaah. That happened. To both of us.
So good. Did I mention I was NEVER THIRSTY?! I don't know so much about the last chance of it all, but you shoal will get lucky if you stop in here--damn tasty food and mighty fine service.Wonderfully delicious burgers that are arranged with the most oddest toppings yet blends in your mouth so well.  Who would've thought of a peanut butter, bacon and cheese burger with a side of grape jelly?  I had the Good Ol Burger.  Single burger topped with smoked pulled pork from our good friends at DEKE'S BBQ, housemade mustard based Carolina style BBQ sauce & slaw.  Just melts in your mouth.  Can not wait to go back to try a different burger.Love this place, one of my favorite spots in Manayunk. The burgers are phenomenal, especially the mac and cheese. The place has a very chill vibe, and is great to get drinks with friends.Life gets no better than the simple YUM of Lucky's.  Nice people, fun food and an easy pick.  This is what it is... fun burgers and hot dogs....  cold beer ...  a great little grab a bite spot.I had the greek burger and it was absolutely amazing. I normally don't go for unique burgers but I decided to give this a shot. It definitely exceeded my expectations. They also have other great selections of loaded tots, fries, and mac & cheese. A little out of the Philadelphia main area but worth the trip. 
*They card at the door.I've visited frequently for the past 3 years, and have always had very positive experiences. Not only is their staff super friendly and nice, but their food is consistent and amazing. Their owner, Chris, does a lot of cool things with the location, like frequently displaying Philly artist's work and participating in fundraisers for local non-profits. My recommended burgers are their PB & Bacon burger, the Mak Attack, and their Pumpkin Patty Melt when it's in season. They also offer gluten-free buns which is really nice for those who need them.Lucky's gets no chance to redeem themselves from me.  Went on a Sunday afternoon and they wanted to seat the two of us by the bathroom so they could save the larger front table "just in case" a larger party came in.  STRIKE ONE.  We went upstairs where there were only two other parties and plenty of empty tables and after we sat down we were told IF a larger group came in they would have to move us.  Really? STRIKE TWO.  We both ordered their "award winning burgers," sides of fries and onion strings.  The fries were nothing special and to make them "old bay" fries they just dumped a huge sprinkle of old bay on top of them.  The onion strings were greasy and spicy, and though not necessarily bad, they were nothing special.   We weren't asked how we wanted the burgers cooked and they came well done, which made them tough and chewy.  Worst of all was the inedible amount of spice/salt in the meat.  At first I though it was something on the burger, but it was in the meat itself.  SOOOOOOOOOO SALTY I couldn't even taste meat.  All I tasted was salt.  I almost never leave food over, but I left over at least a third of the burger because it was just so bad.  STRIKE THREE.  That was Lucky's first and Last Chance with me.The Mac and Cheese burger (mak attack) is heaven. Never had a bad experience here. Cool environment and good beers. Couldn't ask for much more!I don't know why people love this place. It's a dive, and not even a good one. 
Drinks are not good. The menu is limited. 
They don't have a cocktail menu, and the bartenders make awful cocktails. They look at you like your crazy (and they look confused) if you ask for anything other than a beer or shot. 
Get with the times.Absolutely the best burgers in the city.  PB&J burger is awesome!   Small little restaurant tucked away but it's a unique find for folks that live in the city!  Great selection of craft beers as well.. recommend to anyone looking for a different selection and a great burger!My favorite burger place in all of Philly honestly. I've tried their bacon egg and cheese burger and their el guapo burger so far. I die and go to heaven every time! I also go there to eat brunch sometimes and they never disappoint. I could rate this place 10 stars if I could.Amazing. Best burgers in town. Great food, awesome craft beer selection, great service! Love the waitstaff and bartenders. The upstairs is so nice! We are constantly in there for beer and then of course end up getting food bc it's so so good. Nice addition to main st.Came here last night with family that was visiting and it was awesome! We ordered a variety of burgers and fries and everything was delicious. The staff was very friendly and the interior was quite cozy. We will definitely be back for more!Imagine burgers and hot dogs as hard core as convicted felons. Now imagine them going to finishing school. The ones which graduate end up at Lucky's.  If you're the kind of foodie who could run their own Knockoff of a Guy Fieri show, you've seen the pb&j burger before. It's an anomaly, but the unexpected is a novelty. Not here. Luckys has clearly test kitchened the shit out of this burger -- it deserves way more awards than it already gotten.  Honorable mention to the off menu "fat Ashley" which had every single one of my sons favorite foods on a way above average bun. The diverse collection of tots and fries defy their everyday ubiquity and become a completely new experience. But the real secret sauce is the staff. Tatted up and casually attired these folks could write the book on making guests comfortable.  We'll be back soon.Pretty good burger. I had the 'ole blue' with blue cheese and jalapeños. The service was just ok, and the additional order of onion rings were cold. The burger had very good flavor. No need to make it a double burger- one was enough.This has become one of my routine spots now, enough so that I'm beginning to be a recognized face. I don't regret it for an instant.
Is the food still a bit overpriced? Yes. But now that I have tried out the menu some more I have to say there are some gems I missed. Friday nights are a great time to go, as from 5-7 junior burgers are $5 and will allow you to really sample a lot of the menu. They have rotating craft specials for when I want to try something special and no one looks at me crosseyed for switching to PBR (off menu, along with Miller) when I'm reaching the end of my budget for the weekend.
They have also expanded the menu since I last reviewed, adding some pretty good, mac and cheese, adding the Greek Burger to their menu proper and had one of the best burger I've ever eaten as a special (Pastrami Burger). Unlike Kildare's next door, I'm rarely disappointed.So just happened upon this place while driving through manayunk. What a treat! Had the crispy onion ring and the dipping sauce was amazingballs. Also the garlic fries. We had the buffalo Mac and cheese  and I can't wait to come back to try the others. Now the burger.  That was the real treat. One of the best burgers I've ever had. It was juicy and amazing in all ways. I will be back to try more burgers  until I've had them all. The staff was great and helpful answered our questions and kept a cold one in front of us.Third time I've been here, and it's been five stars every time. This time, I got a pale ale on tap and the "Almost Inferno" burger. Was worried it might be too hot, but it was actually much less heat than I expected. I think anybody could enjoy this burger. Tasty and none of the pain that sometimes accompanies spicy dishes.
And the soundtrack! I usually don't pay a whole lot of attention to the music being played in a restaurant, but these guys knocked it out of the park. Playing some less well-known tunes by some very famous artists (spoon, black keys, and raconteurs to name a few). I was loving it so much that I bought one of their t-shirts. Well designed and $15 which isn't bad at all. 
I will be back!Great place for burger lovers.  I love their specialty burgers and hot dogs.  After Five Guys, this place is the next best.
Best hot dog I ever had was from here.  It's called the deadwood.  It has a toasted New England roll, with bacon and bbq sauce.  Simple but amazing.  Favorite burgers are their Almost inferno.... A burger with a habanero mayo, their Good ole burger.... Burger with bbq pulled pork, and the pb & bacon burger.
And to top this off, I love their Main Street fries.  It comes with a gravy-like cheese sauce.  Amazing.  I always ask for an extra sauce on the side.
Great, low key place for food and beer.My burger was awsome, spicey the way I liked. Too many fries , is that a thing? Really, we left quite a few and we shared an order. Great portion if you love fries! Bartender and waitress were both great!Great place. Great. Burgers are great with top shelf bar. My go to place in Manyunk.  Grab the seats by the window and watch the world go by. Good for afternoon drinks.Best burger place I've been to in the Philly area! The burgers are phenominal and the fries are great as well. It also has a nice beer selection. Highly recommendGo there, try to get lucky, if you don't and it's just not your night, if you aren't on your game.. you'll at least leave with a good burger in your tummy! Good luckIf all you 're going to serve is burger and dogs, you SHOULD at least be great at it.  There is a nice, reasonable beer selection, and the service was affable.  If you are going to a beer bar, this would probably be four stars.. Bet after reading a stellar hot dog review in the local paper, we decided to try the grub.  We arrived on a 100F Saturday afternoon at 12:30 or so, so the place had just opened and was dead empty.  They did not have ice tea, which my wide requested (hey, the recipe is pretty simple .. happy to share it..)  Wife ordered a chili dog (which was decent..  New England buttered roll, and a long skinny grilled wiener (like a less garclicky Hebrew National.  No natural casing  or anything... It was the New England roll that put this at a higher level..  I ordered a burger (the Bleue) and I guess it was my fault for not specifying medium rare, but the twin patties arrived pretty gray on a nondescript roll. most of the flavor came from the salty onion straws which crunchified the texture.  onion straws as a side were OK.  Crinkle cut fries were generic frozen, out-of-the bag store-brand variety.  The garlic butter gave them a LITTLE flavor, but they were not crisp, and surprisingly (since we waited about a half an hour for our order) served almost lukewarm (with a sprinkle of grated Parmesan that didn't even begin to melt.)   As this was a ten-dollar burger (many of the other ones climbing into the 14 buck range) I couldn't help consider what $11 gets you at Village Whiskey.
To sum, probably a great beer bar, where a dog is a nice bar snack. Would not make this a lunch destination.Ok where to start. Actually found this place on Yelp 
I mean how can you NOT go to a brunch where there is a SAMMICH on the menu!! I mean duh! 
So we still in, atmosphere is great place is clean 
Decor is badass.  Just a good way to start the day
Greeted by a super cute doe eyes tattooed red head (sucker for a redhead) she took our order and her service was amazing 
Took our order 
Recommend the chicken biscuit and gravy and the one eye sailor!! KICKS ASS. 
Then the manager/owner asked how everything was and topped off the coffee. 
Everyone and everything was on point!!! 
Food and service was beyond 5 stars
You need to hit this place up!!!The better burgers on Manayunk for sure. There is ton of varieties of burgers as Peanut Butter & Bacon Burger, for instance.  I have not gone all through the burgers, mind you and I am sure PB & Bacon Burger is pretty good for what it is. But I am a tad conserative with my burgers, so I got all the All-American burger which is two patties with cheese and bacon.  I was more liberal in trying the beers though as they have microbrews and rare breeds of beers, I didn't notice any Bud or Miller Lite on the menu but that was fine, all the alcohol they had was awesome.  I had been going regularly for a while and didn't feel like reviewing because I hadn't gotten anything else besides the All-American burger and any place that has something unique like PB & Bacon ought to be mention in the Yelp Review.
So,  recently, I tried the mexican burger which had guacmole, tortilla chips, and Jack cheese and VOILA,  I love it and will be more adventuresome in the burgers going forward.
Also, the fries are perfect.  Next to Steak fries, I have a soft spot for Crinkle shape fries, which is the fries of choice.  The service great and some of the regulars are real nice people.So good! The best buffalo Mac and cheese I've ever had; hands down! I go here all the time for brunch and dinner. They have very creative burgers.I've been to Lucky's numerous times and haven't had a bad experience, however this last time was absolutely awful. I was in a party of 6 people, we all ordered burgers off the menu with no modifications made. It took over an hour for our food to come out, and when we asked our waitress about our food, she proceeded to tell us that we are a "very large" group and our orders were complex - blaming it on the customer rather than offering an apology or solution. From then on, the waitress was very passive aggressive and rude. Very disappointing.One of my favorite bars in the area!
The music is always excellent (often a mix of punk, indie, and psychedelic rock), and the food is on point. As someone with celiac, it's hard to find a bar that not only carries gluten free buns (!!!!!) but also has servers that are willing to communicate with the kitchen to double check on things like prep and sauces. 
Their drinks are well priced, and my fiance and friends are always satisfied with their beer selection.Pretty bangin, just really unhealthy. Its tough to eat healthy here. Best time to go is ON YERRR Ch3AT day LoLWent to Lucky's for breakfast this morning after church and we had a wonderful meal. The food was fantastic. The bartenders were wonderful and they even paid for our drinks after talking with us. My boyfriend is in the service so they said they were doing it to thank him for all he has done for our country.  I know it makes him feel great when people show appreciation for his service and it always makes me smile to see him happy. We will definitely return!Basically this place has the best burgers ever! Awesome beer selection with lots of hoppy IPA's.Somewhat modern dive to meet up with buddies and let go.
Good: Staff behind the bar is always looking to serve, huge plus. Expanded beer selection that seems to rotate. 2 floors for 2 moods. 1rst floor is loud for the rock n rollers, 2nd floor Is not. Drink price range goes from almost free to almost a pay check. Everyone can afford this place.
Selective: On weekends it gets rowdy fast due to size (Some folks actually like this, others hate it). It often gets loud, but I like a place where I can yell.
Bad:  Dude fest at times. New bouncers like all along this street can be a bit of a head case and need to be broken in.
Stick to the drinks: Food...Creative AND Tasty. You are paying for novelty here and not quality beef. The a la cart price simply isn't justified to me, but foodies may argue. 4oz. patties are questionable in my opinion.
Conclusion: This place is still ultimately a dive/nite spot with some unique charm. Take it for what it is and you will not be disappointed.I have been here once before and had a great time - burgers, tots, and mac&cheese were all delicious - especially the mac&cheese, which they are known for - very cheesey and delicious. However, I was here on Saturday night and while the service was great, the food was sub-par. As always, the tots and fries were great. I ordered the el guapo burger - it was tiny (and yes, I ordered the junior but this was definitely smaller than the last time) and even though I saw the green, I did not taste the guacamole at all. They barely put any on, and that was the reason why I got this one! We also ordered the mac&cheese, and it was so bland and it didn't even look like there was cheese on it. The first time I got this it was loaded with sauce. This was basically plain macaroni with a touch of sauce. It was very disappointing. If you are known for something, make sure you are doing it right. I don't know if I would come back here.Went to Lucky's today with my sister for lunch, and will definitely be returning very soon! It's been a long time since I've frequented Manayunk, and I've never been into the "scene." Lucky's is a little oasis in a desert of douchebaggery. 
I ordered the Boy Bleu, my sister had the breakfast burger (forget the name,) and they were the best burgers I've tasted in ages! But more than the grub, I thoroughly enjoyed the beer selection and the atmosphere. Chris was wonderful and super-accommodating, and his company alone is worth the return trip!
I don't go to Manayunk often, but I see another trip to Lucky's in my near future.If you want any kind of burger under the sun, this is your place! I've been working my way though the menu, personal favorites so far are the Gyro burger, Mac Attack (Mac+ cheese burger) and the PB&J burger (that's right they have a peanut butter and jelly burger and it's as amazing as it sounds). 
If you are a mac & cheeseaholic like myself, you'll be please to know they offer 5 different kinds of mac & cheese! 
The beer is also always on point here, the head bartender has a great relationship with a bunch of breweries around the country and always has great beers on tap which are constantly changing!The hubs and I found this place while searching on Yelp for a good burger joint in Manayunk. We weren't disappointed. We both ordered the Classic and it was really, really tasty. My friend tried the Joocey Lucy and she really liked it as well. Because I like the classic so much, I have never tried anything else but I plan on trying the PB& Bacon next time I'm there.I've been here multiple times and each time fails to disappoint. I've been trying to become more versed in the Manayunk bar and restaurant scene, but I keep finding myself back at Luckys for beer and burgers. 
Their menu definitely concentrates on burgers, and they do them WELL. They've even won local awards for their burger accomplishments. They also have great fries, and their appetizers are also to die for. 
Their beer selection is good and they do have craft brews. Not many on tap, as they only have 6 taps, but the rest they keep in cans and bottles and their list is pretty decent. 
If you're craving a burger or beer definitely stop by here. Friendly staff, good food and good beer will definitely keep me coming back for more.Yes, yes, yes! Unique burgers, courteous staff, hip casual atmosphere on Main Street. Plus, the food is delicious and affordable. This was the first place I dined in on Main Street and it has a special place in my heart. My goal is to try every burger and hotdog in the house. Great location, great atmosphere, great food! Add a fine beer selection to the mix and there you have it. Freaking sweet! Go there!Best burgers on the east coast. FtwAmazing burgers. Try the bacon and peanut burger burger. Pretty good brunch dishes too. All the usuals plus some interesting breakfast sandwich options.Update 5/17/2013: Well we went in last night to take Chris up on his offer and all I can say is wow. We were greeted by Chris the bartender (different Chris from the owner) upon entering Lucky's and he was extremely friendly, even offering up a couple of different samples of beer to my fiance who wasn't sure which she wanted to try (we both ended up opting for the Weyerbacher Merry Monks Tripel... cloudy and flavorful). This is an option that hides its alcohol content extremely well (9.5%) but dances on the taste buds in a pleasant manner. For our meals we opted for the Joocey Lucy (I had to, right?) and the Scorpion Dog for my fiance with an order of onion straws.
Three things: 
1. the Joocey Lucy was hit out of the park, the cheese lava that came gushing out from the very first bite was absolutely unreal. The bun was just as good as the first time I'd been to Lucky's and by the end of the meal I was scraping up the cheese I had dropped onto the plate with it to make sure I got every delicious morsel. My fiance absolutely loved her dog, topped with mac and cheese and jalapenos (she asked for Sriracha but found the scorpion dog didn't need anything to augment its ample flavor), and whatever is in that dipping sauce that Lucky's serves with their onion straws should be bottled so I can serve it up during my superbowl party. The stuff is the tits.
2. Not only was Chris the bartender extremely friendly and helpful, Kyle the kitchen manager also came out to see how everything was and to apologize for our previous experience as well as Chris the owner (all three seem like genuinely nice guys who just take a lot of pride in what they're doing).
3. If you live in the yunk, you should be going here at LEAST once a month as they have what looks like a great beer rotation, an incredible relationship with the other businesses on Main, and a different special for each month. If you don't live in the yunk but find yourself there for whatever reason and you don't make visiting Lucky's a priority I question your taste in beer, food, and atmosphere.
I swear I am not one to usually gush about a place but I truly can't say enough about our experience at Lucky's. THESE are the guys who deserve our business if you want Main St. to continue being as great as it is.
______________________________________________
Update 5/15/2013: Raising this to three stars as the owner reached out to me directly to apologize for Loocey-gate and to invite myself and my fiance back to give them another shot gratis. Customer service like this deserves to be recognized and I'm hoping to raise the star number even higher upon trying Lucky's again. Other restaurateurs should take note though. THIS is how you treat your client base!
___
I've heard nothing but amazing things about Lucky's from numerous people whose opinions I tend to trust regarding dining out, so I'm going to give them another shot and revisit this review afterwards. For the time being however, I can only give my opinion on the one experience I've had here.
Walking in, I noticed just how much of an upgrade this place is over the previous tenants (Tonic). I found a much cleaner, well maintained space, and even though it looked like they were just opening for the night I was greeted promptly and in an extremely friendly way by the lone bartender, who noted that I had called in an order and said he'd go and check on it right away (which he did). He came back and informed me it would be a minute more and did I want something to drink while I waited. I said I was fine, as there were plenty of TV's on the walls playing the usual start-of-the-night PTI/SportsCenter/Et Al.
A short time later I got my order and left for home. My fiance ordered the El Guapo and I had to try their version of the "Joocey Lucy". My fiance was happy with her burger, but I'm not going to fault them or credit them one way or the other as she's not really a burger person, so it could have been fantastic and she'd still most likely feel ambivalent at best.
The real downside was when I went to bite into my Joocey Lucy, full of salivation anticipation to get that first gush of delicious molten cheese and bacon (I had asked for no onions as they're just not really my thing) as I took my first bite, I ended up chewing into a meat cavern devoid of any taste other than the tomato and the ketchup I had put on top. Dejected but undaunted I dove in for a second try, hoping the cheesy goodness was just playing coy in the center of the sandwich. No dice.
The one great thing about the burger was the quality of the roll, and again, I'm more than appreciative of the fact that an actual restaurant has taken over this space, but (for now at least) I can only give Lucky's 2 stars based on the atmosphere, and great takeout service (which can most likely be extrapolated to great dine-in service). Maybe it's just one of those places where the meals are better enjoyed sitting down with a beer than trying to travel home with. We'lEvery Burberry I've had had been perfect. And the fries are just right. Drinks are great and the crew is awesome. 5 outta 5.Nice atmosphere! Definitely welcoming for a first timer even though its a pretty small spot. I got the main street tots.. They were delicious, and the mak attack burger... It wasn't as amazing as I had imagined but it was still good and giant!! Kinda pricey 17.00 for a burger and tots. Never the less definitely a good place to check out.This is my favorite burger joint in all of Philly. The staff is friendly, the beer rotation is on point, and the PB & Bacon  burger is something to tell all your friends about.If you want a good hot dog and a unique burger this is the place!  I love their burgers and chillie dogs!  Fries are great...add the garlic to them! worth the price.  MAC & Cheese...get it on the side or on the burger!!! The bartenders are great.  If you go there at least 2-3 times a month they recognize you and make good convo. They have change their draft selection all the time.  I am not a beer snob...i drink domestic...but here is the only place i will try new kinds.  They give you a sample on any beer you want.  Liquor drinks are alil expensive but it used to be a dive bar!  YUNKERS...i liked going there for their $5 LIT pitchers...but they upped the prices and better atmosphere to keep out the locals i guess.  The only down fall is...they took away the dance floor upstairs!!! i loved going there instead of Kildares and paying cover!!!  They had great vodka specials before 12 and we would have the dance floor to ourselves! Had some great times up there and made some bad decisions...lol if the food wasnt that good i would give it 4 stars for taking away the dance floor...but for lunch/dinner this is the place to go for top shelf bar food!!!Unique food that was relatively cheap, freshly made and lots of variety. When I say unique I'm talking peanut butter and bacon cheeseburger with jam on the side unique but it was pretty damn tasty, although I'm biased toward anything bacon.*This review is for the restaurant upstairs* The waitresses and waiters are friendly and you do not wait long for a table on most nights. The decor is nice and it has a great vibe. The burgers are just okay, my favorite is the Mac 'n Cheese burger but it didn't blow me away.Great burgers, expansive beer selection, cool staff. We take my 10 year old and he also loves it (he always gets some mac n cheesew his burger or dog). We sit at the bar when he is not with us, we sit at a hightop when he is. Always a good time.Another great day at Luckys. First time trying brunch and it was fantastic. Cinnamon toast crunch French toast is incredible. My fiancé got the Wakey Wakey burger. Good bloody Mary's and windows are open! Will add on brunch to our regular visits here.This place has quickly become a local favorite since moving to Manayunk - usually stick to the variety of burgers, but I have heard the hot dog selection is just as good. So far have had the following burgers: PB and J, Cajun, and Apple/Blue Cheese. While the food and beer selection is well thought, it is the service that would keep me coming back. First off, the food was hot, fast, and good which not many places are able to pull off. Second, the bartender/server checked in at the right times and seemed sincere when asking questions. Finally, the ambiance is overall nice - dive style, but clean and not too loud. I will continue to be a return customer.The staff was so incredibly friendly, drinks were great, and food was out of this world. We came in on a Saturday night & even though they didn't have a table available for us immediately, the bouncers & bartenders made sure that we got a drink and checked up on us multiple times to ensure that they got us a table ASAP. Even though they told us it could take 30 minutes to seat our group of four, they got us a table in half that amount time. Our server / bartender was great, checking on us just enough so we were never ignored and drinks were never empty, but was never intrusive. Overall, we loved the vibe of this place and was blown away by the professionalism of their staff.We found this gem last night in an attempt to escape from the cold and were pleasantly surprised.  As for the food,  It's a very simple place --- burgers, dogs, fries, and few other odds and ends  But don't let that deter you from trying as they are definitely creative with the toppings for each.  In a very difficult decision , I went with the Buffalo Burger (a cheeseburger topped with shredded buffalo chicken)   w/ a side of garlic butter fries.   Both were great.  The same can be said for the New-England style chili dog and buffalo mac & cheese my girlfriend ordered.  It was all delicious.   Now, the beer selection is extensive, which is always a thumbs up for me.  You want it, they have it so you won't be disappointed when you stop in for a pint or 12. 
Lastly, in addition to the delicious food and lengthy beer selection,  our waitress, Brittany, was great.  She was very polite and  knowledgeable regarding the beer list.  She made various recommendations to us when deciding our next drink and all of them hit the spot , especially the Cappuccino Stout.  We will definitely be back!I can honestly say this place has the best mac and cheese I've ever had. My fiancé and I came in planning on ordering on of those amazing burgers everyone has been posting on Yelp, but we wanted to start off with the Mac & Cheese and Main Street Tots. Both items were soooo good that we didn't even make it to entrees; we had to order the burger to-go because we almost passed out from all the delicious carbs we just ate.
Seriously, don't sleep on this place. The service is awesome and friendly and the food is mind-blowingly good.I've chosen to eat here twice in the past two weeks on my one day a week cheat day- that's how good this place is! The first time I ate here we dined inside at a table by the bar. The beer selection is great- My boyfriend and I each had a cider- type beer (can't remember the name) but it was very good. We shared an order of junk yard tots- golden greasy, cheesy deliciousness! They had cheddar cheese, bacon and chives on them (they also come with sour cream but we ordered them without). Then we split a deadwood dog hotdog- really great hot dogs! And the bun it came with was equally as good. I also had the Mac- attack burger- how could I not?! A burger with delicious Mac and cheese on top - simple and super tasty- loved it! My boyfriend had their award winning burger with peanut butter on it (not my cup of tea) but he really enjoyed its unique flavor. The second time I ate here I got takeout and the quality and taste of the food was exactly the same- I was very happy to see the take out is up to the same quality standards. I'll definitely be back- thank you lucky's for leaving me satisfied my past two cheat days!Great food, every menu item sounded better than the last.  Which means we'll be back.  Friendly servers were a plus (somewhat of a rarity nowadays) and the place was pretty chill.  The only down side is the lack of parking (it's not their fault at all, the whole area is that way).  Take a drive, walk, bus, or cab if you have to, but try this place out.With the quality of the food vs the price.. I think lucky may be fucking up his last chance! I had the Mak burger (supposedly their most popular burger). The mak is good.. The burger isn't bad but the patties are thin so no mid 
-rare option for you cow eaters..  The burger was 11 or 12 dollars with no sides which for the quality of the burger is rather outrageous. Manayunk overall is pretty expensive though so no surprise there. The upstairs bar and dining area is nice and the beer selection is not too shabby. Vin is also a very friendly and cool bartender.Food was honestly great, loved the side of onion strings! However, we came on a Sunday night, not too busy but service was terrible. When we first sat we were initially asked about drinks and when those came about dinner and were never seen again. It took forever to get another beer let alone the check. It's surprising since this place is so small and because they weren't even opening the upstairs for customers.The food here is delicious!!!! The beers are great too. I have been here twice and each time was just as good as the first time. The bartenders were very nice and the atmosphere was great. The food was the best part because I'm not a fan of beer. I had the Cajun chicken Mac n cheese and it was delicious! I did drink a beer when I was there and it was surprising good it was a sweet beer but it was good.Let me sum this up for you: the server asked our table "how's your shit?" We all responded with a big laugh and a resounding "shits good!". Service, food, beers, and atmosphere were all top notch. This place is what made me download Yelp and start writing reviews. Never has one restaurant made me so passionate like luckys last chance. Thank you for everythingI decided to go here based on the fact that they had a PB&J burger. I am an avid PB&J lover so I had to try it! I was however, not impressed. I mean, the burger was fine...the fries were fine. Neither of them were special in any way. I will however say that I received pretty awesome service.Amazing beers, burgers, dogs & Mac n Cheese! Love this place & Main St Fries are the best!Lucky's has a great beer selection as well as menu. The atmosphere is awesome (perfect for a relaxed date). I have never had a rude bartender, in fact they are all pretty knowledgeable on the food and the beer. My favorite place in manayunk!Great food and beer with a cool vibe on the inside. They recently changed the upstairs to be more of a restaurant feel than a college dance party (i dig that change)Burgers. Burgers. Burgers.
I chose the award winning PB&J burger and now I realize why it's so popular! A thick burger patty, topped with a generous layer of PB, cheese and bacon. Comes with a side of grape jelly. Too weird for you? It surprisingly makes a perfect taste in your mouth and you end gobbling it up. 
The El Guapo was equally yummy with a Mexican twist. Yes, it had jalapeños and guac too plus crunchy tortilla chips!
Garlic butter Kringle fries hit the spot if you are a garlic fan. 
A small Lil cozy place so it does get filled up fast. We were lucky enough to squeeze into seats by the bar. Food is served fairly quickly and service is great! Be back soon!! 
We walked out of there so stuffed but content!Lucky's is one of our new favorite places to eat in Manayunk.  If you like burgers that go above an beyond what a burger should, then its also the place for you.  Its over indulgent, but in a good way, especially on a friday night after you've worked your butt off in the gym all week.  
My husband and I have tried quite a few of their menu selections including the mac and cheese, hot dogs, and fries.    They have a great craft beer selection that rotates fairly often.  If you catch them during beer week you may get some surprise samplings of beers.  
My favorite burger so far is their greek burger.  It not only has a beef patty, but gyro meet!  Whaaat?!  And Tzatiki which I love.  But in reality I haven't had a burger I didn't did like.  The PB and bacon was tasty as was the one with the egg (they all have unique names, but I can never remember them). 
They have quite a number of differet types fries too.  I love fries.  I would eat them every day if I could.  And for the amount of fries you get, you can't beat the price (but they don't come with the burger, so you pay for the burger and the fries).
I usually eat upstairs at Lucky's since its less rowdy and there is more places to sit.  But I will say that is the only down side to Lucky's.  Its a free for all in terms of tables and there aren't too many of them.  So if they are all full and you are waiting and people come in after you, they could get a table before you.  So just be on your toes or have a beer to relax and not worry.Some of the best burgers in Philly. Lucky's Last Chance also has some of the most unique and creative burgers. Lucky's Last Chance like the Goat's Beard has gone through many different changes in the past few years; it used to be tonic and yunkers and it used to try and be a dance club on the weekends. Now it is more of a hipster spot. 
Lucky's also has a pretty good list of craft beers bottles and on tap and  are always getting new beers in. They constantly promote new craft beers. The burgers are amazing here and is one of the best places to eat on Main Street Manayunk. My personal favorite are the PB &J Burger and the Mac & Cheese Burger. They usually have a burger of the month special. I will always stop in during November for their Thanksgiving burger which is a burger with turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and gravy. Main street has changed a lot in the past couple of years and Lucky's has been a great addition to it.Tried the peanut butter and bacon burger and I understand the hype. Doesn't make sense but SO good! The Main Street fries were also a must. I'll be back to try the mak and cheese burger!
My husband has celiacs and this is the best place we've been able to get a gluten free bun for him!
Bar setting, but doesn't make you feel weird going just for foodI have so many great things say that I get overwhelmed. So I default to the profound words of Tina Turner...
"You're simply the best, better than all the rest. Better than anyone, anyone I've ever met. I'm stuck on your heart and hang on every word you say. Tear us apart, baby, I would rather be dead"
Ps. They have the best hard cider selection I have ever experienced. A must visit in Philadelphia.Today was the first time I went to Lucky's and I loved it. It's a small , cozy corner in Manayunk with great service. Really good, original burgers and good beer selection. But I think my favorite were the buttered burger buns...soooo good!Beer, mac and cheese, tots... what more could you ask for? 
Staff is really friendly and even as they are training a few more to open another location the regular staff has still been on point helping out. Although the overall atmosphere is a bit hipster, it's somewhere anyone could easily come to grab a drink, sit down for a meal or watch some sports.
Also have an awesome brunch menu! Comfort food at its finest.A longtime denizen of Manayunk, it's generally tough for new places to make it onto my favorite-places list. Lucky's has done just this, and so I highly recommend trying it. 
Three things make Lucky's awesome:
1) the people -- we love stopping by to chat with the with bartender, who's a super nice, chill dude
2) the beer -- always a good selection, with like 10 taps or so that turn over quickly. They even had my current fav beer (Springhouse Gruesome Chocolate Peanut Butter) on tap for awhile
3) the food -- the burgers and the hot dogs (which make up most of the menu) are really good. I had, but would not recommend the Inferno burger, which is made with ghost chili extract. The problem is that the essence of ghost chili's, while certainly giving the ultra heat that some of us love, don't taste super good. I'd recommend any of the other burgers, though. Also, try a hot dog with jalapenos. 
So if you're in the neighborhood, definitely check this place out.This place has changed looks a lot in the past 10 years but I think it finally has it right as a hipster burger joint. 
The burgers are great with some unique flavor pairings. Fries are also tasty. I had the spicy one and toned t down because they scared me. Should have gone for it it wasn't that hot. 
Beer selection is a little lacking as I felt it was mostly IPAs.  Cans at that- hipster esq.Let me just start by saying that I love Lucky's. It definitely my go to spot when hitting the Main St pub crawl scene. 
Great bartenders, great craft beer selection (even though I almost always start with the Dark and Stormies, Yum!!), and amazing food! This is the only place I will ever order a hot dog and the Mac Attack Burger is a show stopper. The last time I went for a girls night out our waitress suggested upgrading it with the Buffalo Mac and cheese for an extra few bucks. Delish!
I prefer the downstairs bar atmosphere but the upstairs is a great place if you want to hang out with friends and catch up over some food.We came here on Monday for the beer and cupcake pairing with terrapin and sweet life bake shop. This was my favorite beer pairing/event that I've been to. Every beer paired perfectly with each dessert. My favorite was the imperial s'mores chubby bunny stout paired with a s'mores cupcake. I also really like the raspberry truffle oatmeal stout with the chocolate raspberry cupcake. The strawberry caramel banana bread pudding was delicious as well. I was expecting my husband to give me most of his cause he hates bananas, but he ate most of it because it had more of a cheesecake caramel taste than banana. I want to go get more cupcakes from this bake shop now. 
The staff running the event were great as well. Chris was super friendly, chatty and funny and made sure we had a great time. 
I got the peanut butter and jelly bacon cheeseburger and it was delicious. I wish I didn't give my husband half of mine, haha. I never eat peanut butter and jelly and don't go crazy about peanut butter like some people. But the combination of the toasted roll with the creamy peanut butter oozing out with the homemade jelly and bacon cheeseburger just bursted with flavor. I want to go back to get another to myself and get the 2 pattys instead of 1. My husband said he would gladly go again because he loves it here.From the pictures on here of the food I knew I had to try this place out and I'm so happy I did! The staff were very friendly and also funny, especially the one guy. I wish I got his name but his two favorite words are "shit" and "cheers"... "Is that shit good?" Or "Cheers" anytime he handed us something. His personality was just overall very friendly & really funny... He's the one reason why I want to come back. My sister & I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Mak & Cheese for an appetizer - really good. I ordered the Joocey Lucy - Tasted like any other burger, I'd probably order a different one next time. My sister ordered the El Guapo burger, which she really liked to the point where she didn't wanna finish it just so she could have some for the next day. The Signature Main Street Krinkle Cut Fries were really good because of the cheese and their "secret spices" added to it! For drinks I got the Orange Crush Cocktail & she got Stillwater Stateside Beer - I liked mine & she really liked hers.My fiance and I love Lucky's. Great craft beer rotating on tap. Good burgers and I love that you can customize the specialty fries with any burger. Don't come here if you want a light sandwich or a salad. All their food will clog your arteries and it is absolutely delicious. We have been here multiple times and will keep coming back. 
Only downside is that the thin width of the place makes it nearly impossible for a large party to sit at one table so if you have greater than 8 people I would find somewhere else.We finally made it back in and tried a burger. Very tasty! The beer selection is interesting and the bartender is very friendly and knowledgeable... They also play really decent music. 
We didn't love the onion strings... Everything else was great! We'll be back!Fantastic bar! I've come here twice for food and twice for the industry party on Sundays. I remember getting the peanut butter burger, and as odd as that sounds, it was quite delicious, and fairly priced. The food here can be funky to some people but it is definitely worth getting!
The Sindustry Sunday parties are really really fun. There's cheap drink specials until midnight, with $2 Miller Lite's and $4 Fireball shots and a few other specials. Can't go wrong with that. Awesome new DJs every Sunday along with Reed Streets. The bouncer is friendly, bartenders are quick but sheesh, can you try and not look miserable for most of the night? A smile would be nice! The men's bathroom is a bit funky. No lock and there's no separate area for the toilet, so if you gotta poop....well...
Only reason why I gave Lucky's 4 stars is because the size. It gets pretty crowded on Sundays, and even though theres seating at the bar and at the back of the restaurant, the entire space is very very tiny. It's uber hard to move when you're trying to get from the front of the bar to the bathroom, and then back to the bar. Crowd is the typical "Manayunk" crowd.Get the burger, a beer and the crinkle cut fries. You cannot go wrong with that combination. Lucky's serves the best burger in Manayunk. Period. Warning -- during the week they are not open for lunch. This is a bit tragic when you are having "one of those days" and want a good burger to level things back out again.Unfortunately I moved far away. 
Lucky's was my "go to" pub to grab an amazing gourmet burger and beer. The atmosphere is great, the bartenders rock, and the burgers...WOW! PBJ&Bacon is unbelievable. Even better was the Pumpkin Pattymelt. Holy crap - AMAZING!
I don't get down there much anymore as I moved to the Poconos, but I can say its one of my favorite Burger/Pubs of all time!Burgers and beer and don't forget to order some cheese fries for the table because you'll miss out if you don't. Don't go anywhere else in Manayunk for a burger. I'm serious. I sound like a dweeb saying this spot is cool but for real, this spot is soooo cool. If you want to see how cool it is, go to Kildare's next door around midnight on Friday and look through the window at Kildare's, that looks through the window at Lucky's and immerse yourself in the bad-ass atmosphere of Tripels and jean vests and a general disdain for the people who are populating Kildare's.Everything is amazing... always go with the recommended... my favorite spot slash only spot on Main Street... the absolute bestAbsolutely, the best burger I've had in Philadelphia. We've been going here frequently for the past year and have yet to be disappointed by the experience. After hearing about the Peanut Butter and Bacon Burger from numerous reviews, I tried it my first trip, and it was incredible. My first reaction was that it was great considering how odd a combo it was, but by the end I realized it was one of the greatest burgers I have ever had in my life. The other burgers are also incredible and being from the midwest, its great to see a Twin Cities style Juicy Lucy. The burgers of the month are often incredibly imaginative but delicious as well. The sides are fantastic and I would recommend the "Main Street" fries (or tater tots if it's brunch time), their take on crab fries.
The beer selection is also impressive. Instead of a lengthy list of questionable choices, they feature a small but impeccably curated list that is constantly rotating. The servers and bartenders (who by the way are some of the most friendly I've experience in Manayunk) are willing to suggest a beer if you are having trouble deciding.
We've typically gone for an earlier dinner or for brunch and it is usually not crowded with a nice relaxing but not boring atmosphere. I'm sure the late night scene is different, but that's not who we are. It's a great experience for meals as well as just grabbing a few drinks.
One word of warning is to not eat the Inferno Burger featuring ghost chili extract. A friend was in the city visiting and we took him to Lucky's for brunch because it is usually a great meal. He ordered the Inferno Burger bragging about eating a pizza with ghost chili peppers before and that he could handle it. The waiter pleaded with him not to order it, "it doesn't taste good" " you'll hate us for serving you this" "you'll only eat a few bites" "its going to hurt with no reward." The cook served the burger to him wearing rubber gloves for his protection and making a similar plea to not eat it. He woefully ignored this sage advice, dove in, and made it half through the burger before the pain could really hit. While the staff was impressed with his progress, they would have been less impressed with him hours later lying in our apartment's hallway mumbling incoherently and sweating furiously. His girlfriend wanted all of us to be angry at Lucky's but we couldn't, the burger was exactly what was promised, pain.Wish I could talk more about the burgers if given the chance to try. First impression is bad service. They seated us in a 3-seat table, we needed to add two more seats to our table and the server said we can move upstairs to a bigger table. We went upstairs and were about to order food when another server informed us that the seat is taken without finding other seats for us. We walked downstairs to our old table and seats given to other people already. Wish they made accommodations for the miscommunication since we were left with no seats. No one cared enough to ask either. Wouldn't come back even if burger is great if that's how we would be treated.Great atmosphere as this spot seems to avoid the typical BRObardment of other places on main street. The menu options are creative and delicious and the bartenders are all super friendly!Haven't had much food here but trust me, be like everyone else and order one of their gourmet burgers! Drink specials aren't bad and they do have a nice selection of craft beer. Upstairs is more restaurant feel than the first floor which is basically a small bar.Yooo no need to look for any other place of you're just looking to treat yourself to the maximum level. I'm talking cheesy, juicy, tasty, and affordable lol. I like their garlic cheese fries and whatever their hottest burger was, I forgot the name. I love this place and should come more often. #CraftbeerThe best burgers!  I have limited gluten-free options. I heard they had GF buns so we checked it out. They're really good and so now I have my burger spot. My wife loves whatever she orders. Ask for Brian.Local dive/hipster bar with lots of micro brews. Tons of choices, take you awhile for chance to get through all of them. Service was attentive. Fries were OK. Might try againGreat staff. I was from out of town, bartender took time to sit and explain menu favorites. Pierogi burger should be on the menu!Yeah, the burgers are great. As long as you eat them right away. I was talking to someone and didn't get started on my burger for about fifteen to twenty minutes. The delicious burger I'd had before? No glorious grease bomb. Instead a cheap tasting beef patty. I'd been willing to overlook the bagged fries and tots--not my thing, but to each their own--but with subpar burgers, I can't buy into the hype about this place. 
Super if you're into school lunch nostalgia. Or if you eat your burger right away. 
Can't help you if you want frozen potatoes instead of real ones.