I've been wanting to try this place ever since I heard it was taking over the Bonte spot.  Stopped in on an off hour on a Sunday.  I had the half crab, half lobster, not the combo.  It's not on the menu, but I asked if I could do that because I was doing take out and had drinks at home.  Each roll was put in its own hot dog looking container.  When I got home I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of seafood on both sandwiches.  I had to use a fork to eat some of it.  The butter and the spices are a great, simple combination.  My only complaint is that I wish I had more because it was really good and not super filling.  Need to go back with a friend to try one of the big combos.The service was fast and good, lobster roll came out fast and fresh. 16.5 for a lobster roll is a steal. great place, great food and great peopleHands down one of the best rolls I've ever had! I had the taste of main which gives you 1/2 rolls of shrimp, crab and lobster! OMG the seasoned butter is everything. The Customer service is superb! From the young lady at the register (African American with a head wrap) to the gentleman cooking food (possibly Caucasian with glasses)  greeted people as they entered, came out to ask all of the customers how everything was. I'll be back. My new go to when I come to Philly!Great, quaint atmosphere. Little loud because of its size. Service is friendly. My hubby and I split the taste of Maine; crab, lobster, and shrimp roll, 2 crab claws, soda (which is local bottled colas), pickle, and kettle chips. Great to get a mix and see what you like. It was large for one, but not enough for two if you are a big eater. My hubby went back and ordered a lobster roll because he liked it so much.Tasty crab roll and the blueberry soda was awesome.If you're a fan of lobster you gotta get down to Luke's. Tons of freshly picked lobster meat on a roll what more can you ask for. Add a bag of kettle cooked chips and a delicious Maine root beer for 17 bucks..Ya can't beat itInexpensive, surprisingly fresh and delicious, low calories. We had the Lukes TrIO, lobster bisque, clam chowder.
Simple menu, friendly, hip staff, cape cod wharf decor
Very good, the rolls remind me of the bread of grilled cheese
Byob, A+
Not a negative, but for the special seasoning ddid't seem right on the shrimp roll, for me, it left an odd aftertaste. But on the lobster and crab roll it seemed to fit perfectly, again, that's just me.
Give it a try, we will definitely come back for moreThe lobster and crab rolls are VERY good.  The shrimp roll tasty, but I am a lobster and crab fanatic.  Every time I've been in there the staff is pleasant and upbeat and the order is prepared in a timely manner.  Delivery is available after 5:00PM, so I often call my order in to be delivered right before I leave the office for the day.Consistent lobster rolls. A great little spot in Philly for when a Philly cheesesteak isn't tickling the tummy. Go get a roll!The lobster sandwich was COLD!!  That was a surprised but I was more surprised that I still like it!  The lobster roll was tasty and the meat was tender.  Not seasoned too much.  I order the clam chowder.  The chowder was average.  Actually tasted canned but I know it wasn't.  Another great thing about this location is they deliver to a limited range.  It was late and I order delivery to the hotel lobby.  It was delivered in about 30 minutes.  The bike rider was friendly and the order was correct.  
I would recommend this restaurant.So good! Worth every penny we've spent! Enjoyed our Tail & kale salad, Luke's trio and Crab roll! Highly recommended!For a lobster roll snob, I was pleasantly surprised with this yummy roll. Wish I got 2 as one was small. Got it to go as the place was small and had family style seating for many of the tables and with small kids we didn't want to ruin someone else's dinner. 
Would have given it 5 stars if the roll was bigger. 
The crab claws were great too, but a mini portion. Will go back again for sure.I have never actually had a lobster roll prior to yesterday because there really aren't any good seafood restaurants in Central New Jersey.  I visited Luke's Lobster anxious to try a lobster roll and I was not disappointed.  My server was very friendly and helpful in explaining the different menu options to my mother.  My mom and I both tried the lobster roll.  The roll was excellent.  I could tell that they used real lobster meat that was delicious.  This roll was worth the $17.  There was plenty of seating and this location was very clean.  Luke's Lobster is now my go-to seafood restaurant in Philly!!Had the Pleasure of eating here this week with a few clients. Lobster this far from the Ocean....why not? It was great! Will be back next time Im in PhillyOh my gosh.... so amazing. I had Luke's in Vegas and have been craving it ever since. Lucky me there's two locations in Philly. My boyfriend and I stopped in for linner  since we were hanging out in the city for the day. The location is very small but we managed to get a table. Pricing was the same as the Vegas location. Originally we would each get the lobster roll ($17) but for $2.50 more, we each got the trio which includes half a lobster roll, half a crab roll, and half a shrimp roll. Essentially, you're getting a nice variety of seafood and a half a roll more for a little extra. We each also added on a bag of chips and a couple craft sodas (blueberry and root beer - I can't remember how much the combo was). I would like to add that the service was very pleasant and the food came out in no time. My boyfriend was still a little hungry after so he got a cup of clam chowder, which he said was good. There's only one bathroom in the place but I was pleasantly surprised how clean it was. My only complaint is that the place is pricy, which is expected since it's seafood and they are paying rent in the city, but I do think they could stand to make the portions a little larger as some may not be fulfilled after eating a meal there.DEE-LISH!! Yes, it ain't cheap. But dayum, is it lobster roll heaven. Plenty of big chunks of lobster meat with just the right amount of mayo on a toasted buttered bun. I mean...need I say more. We get the option with chips and drink, it'll set you back in your wallet but we are talking about all the meat with none of the work. Ambience is super casual. Service is quick. And if you get a warm day in the summer time, it's great to take it to Rittenhouse for a picnic lunch. I consider this definitely a "Treat Yo Self" food item since you're paying entree level prices without the waiter level service. I have to say...I definitely get a little sad when I see I'm nearing the end of the roll. Great food! Definitely recommend a stop here!Simple yet wonderful! 
I gave the taste of Maine a try and it lived up to the rave reviews of others. My fav of the three is the Lobster roll but each was good. The roll is toasted to a wonderful crispness and the density isn't like the hoagies you get in the south. The roll is lite and airy. The plate/basket is a little pricey but I think worth the money. Everyone I spoke to in the restaurant enjoyed their dinner. 
I wish you all much success with your store.Thank you, Yelp, for pointing hungry little me to Luke's Lobster. Open until 9pm and just a little walk down to Rittenhouse from my hotel, this little gem truly hit the spot. 4.5 stars average Yelp rating didn't hurt either, I was immediately sold just looking at photos of the food, and sorely missing the lobster rolls I had up in Boston last year. 
Not too hard to find, but truly a cozy hideaway spot. Not too crowded at all. Per others' recommendations, I ordered the Taste of Maine (1/2 lobster roll,  1/2 crab roll,  1/2 sh rimp roll, 2 crab claws,  with soda and slaw or bag of chips and a pickle for $23). Of the Maine Root choices of sodas, I went with the root beer, and closer-to-the-source (than back in California!) Cape Cod chips, mmm. I probably could have finished the Noah's Ark order by myself except for the double drinks/chips that night, ha. 
I really enjoyed the simplicity of the rolls, buttery, toasted bread, seasoned seafood (filled generously) and complemented by the combo side and drink to complete the Maine experience. My favorite roll had to be the crab, actually, such a sucker for all seafood though. It was definitely a nice and refreshing meal, not too heavy, especially considering the walk to/from the hotel in the heat/humidity. Very good food, too bad I didn't have time to return during my weeklong stay - too many other places to try between Restaurant Week and those Philly cheesesteaks, of course! Keep doing what you're doing, Luke's. I will return someday.The lobster roll is bit overpriced and not very filling, but very tasty. Adjust your expectations accordingly. I'm not planning to go to Maine any time soon, so I just had to try it. More like a delicacy than an actual meal.The lobster rolls here are petite and pricy.  However, the lobster meat is the star in these dwarfish delights.  It is fresh and in fairly large chunks, relative, at least, to the roll.  The lobster pieces are lightly seasoned and buttered.  They have sriracha hot sauce and other seasonings for one's self-service.  As for the price, lobster rolls are just pricy in general, which is unfortunate.
The staff was friendly.  The decor surprisingly maritime for a rather dungeon-like space.
One annoying feature is the lack of pricing info for some items, like the soup of the day.  If you can put up the name of the soup du jour, you can put up its price.  Seriously; it's not that difficult.Might be a chain, but it does things well. Lobster roll is great, chowder is flavorful and location is cozy. Great place to get some seafood!Lobster was excellent and the bun was buttery and we'll toasted. Only negative is cash only.Got the lobster roll combo. The roll was a lot smaller than expected but the lobster was quite yummy and fresh. The bread was also great and different from other types of bread i've tasted in the past. The decor is cute. Very glad I finally stepped in after walking by all the time.Solid lobster role! Really really good. I'm already  craving it again. 
It's a little small and a little pricey so u may not be full if ur hungryI love this place. Whenever I am in town, I order from here each day I am here. I usually stay at the Sonesta but this last time, I stayed at the Wyndham. This is normally out of their delivery area but..... they did me a solid and delivered the scrumptious crab rolls I desired. This time I ordered the lobster bisque with it..... hot dang is it gooood. Not too salty and full of lobster. Man I love this place. 10 stars!INSTANTLY ADDICTED! When I say yummy, I mean YUMMY!!! Succulent, fresh and flavorful seafood rolls. I liked the crab meat roll the best. Cocktail sauce with it was good but not needed so don't add it.
Cool little spot. Love the wood decor and laid back/chill vibe of the place. Staff is awesome and friendly (very hipster'ish) 
The rolls are small but filling. $24.00 bucks for the Taste of Maine?! ehhh, gotta make a sacrifice for the things you love!This place is overrated I'm sorry. I came in thinking It was worth the price but it wasn't. The shrimp roll didn't taste good it needed more flavor spices it was bland. The clam chowder wasn't thick and tasted like it came from the can. The lobster corn soup wasn't hot it was cold. I'm disappointed first & last timeThe lobster roll is small but really, really delicious. It was $18 for a lobster roll combo... lobster roll, chips, and a mexican style soda. I split the lobster roll with my husband and we also shared a cup of the crab soup. It was a very yummy meal. I recommend trying this place out, but if you have an appetite like mine... plan on picking up dessert after.This is my first time visiting Philadelphia and shortly after arriving we decided this is the first place we wanted to eat at. I am super big on seafood, I can eat it literally everyday.
First I want to start off by saying I won't give them a complete four stars because the poppyseed coleslaw ($2) wasn't that great. It was a good amount that they give you but the taste itself wasn't all the way there for me. I got the crab roll as well and it was extremely tasty!! The crab meat was fresh and very flavorful. The price (13$) is fair given how much meat the put on the roll. The bread was toasted and I believe was brushed with butter. We also got the crab claws but they were really small for considering it was 8$. I guess it typically comes with 4 so they gave us 7 to compensate for the size. The employees were kind too so it was an overall good experience. 
Side note: The drinks are kinda pricey so I opted for the water.Great little place. Lobster roll with Cole slaw was great, the Cole slaw was fresh and flavorful and the portion size of lobster on the lobster roll was generous.Great place to run in and run out, fast service and great Lobster Rolls. I could eat here everyday, the rolls are buttered well and stuffed with big sweet and salty chunks of Lobster, I love these specialty restaurants, they also have shrimp and crab rolls which are also worth trying. I recommend this place to anyone who enjoys seafood. They also have a rewards program, your 11th roll is free.Cute little basement restaurant. Very casual just order at the counter. Rolls are small but meat was sweet with little sauce. They carry the Maine Root soda. Can't have a lobster roll with out blueberry soda!Delicious but overpriced. $18 is not actually a reasonable price for this sandwich, which is fairly small. That said it was very delicious, yummy bread, great lobster, would totally eat another one... just wish I wasn't still hungry for another one after plunking down 18 bucks.Fast and good. 
The lobster roll was awesome, lobster itself was cooked perfectly. 
The servace was fast bringing out our meal in just a cuple of minuets. The sodas they offer are also worth mentioning. The berry flavored one was really nice.  Would defonatly eat there again.Lots of tasty claw meat on a perfectly buttered top cut bun, just as it should be. Just a kiss of mayo, nothing else. You get the lobster roll a slice of pickle, a bag of Cape Cod chips, and a choice of Maine Sodas (I tried the Sasaparilla ) for $17. What more can you ask for? Next time I will try the Taste of Maine, which is a sample of the Lobster, Crab and Shrimp rolls.I decided to try this famous Luke's lobster restaurant. The lobster, crab and shrimp rolls were so delicious. Real seafood. Worth the price. And I also liked the beverage so much. Unique. The only issue to me was the cole slaw which lacked dressing.WOW!!  WHAT AN AWESOME LUNCH food was extremely fresh and some of the best tasting I have ever had. 
When i go back to town for that is first stop I will make!!!The service was good. The food was okay. Would I be coming back to this place? Probably not.THEIR LOBSTER ROLL IS LIFE CHANGING!
If I could give this place 10,000 stars, I would. 
My boyfriend, Kane and I were only in Philly for a few days and we kept putting this place off because Kane wasn't really into lobster BUT HE DID PROMISE WE WOULD TRY IT BEOFRE WE LEFT. It wasn't until we were headed for the airport, that I had to force him to stop here first to make good on his word.
We took the rolls to go and I was excited and nervous. I have been on the hunt for a good lobster roll and everything up until Luke's had been a disappointment. I will never forget his face after he took his first bite. It was like he just saw boobs for the first time 
So obviously I got really excited and went for it. I saw God that day  and I'm not even religious.
He finished his in under a minute and I tried my best to savor it and then fell into a deep depression at the fact that we were on our way back to California and didn't know when we would ever be back in Philadelphia 
We have legitimately talked about taking a short weekend trip to Philly JUST for their lobster roll. That's not out of the norm for me to want to do but it's unheard of from him. It's been months and he still brings it up.
We probably talk about it at least once a week. I'm telling you, GO!
I've eaten at Michelin star restaurants and this place tops them all!
Ok, now I need to book my flight back to PAI really like the food here.  The lobster roll is just amazing followed very closely by the shrimp and crab roll.  My only issue with this place is that I went here, dropped $30 and was done eating in about 10 minutes.  I know this is a similar complaint that other people have had and it is what it is.  Bottom line:  I think this is a place to check out, perhaps bring people who haven't been here before but its not a practical repeat place.Awesome lobster roll!! Here you won't find a typical overdressed sandwich the leaves wondering if it's seafood or chicken you're eating. The place was small but very clean and the staff was helpful!! Will definitely be back!I was near Philly and decided to look up some of the best spots for some grub in the area. I came across Luke's Lobster and after reading some of the reviews and looking at some of the pictures, I knew I had to stop in here and give this place a try. I mean, who doesn't love lobster, right?! 
This place is very casual and is an awesome spot for a quick bite or takeout. You go up to the register to place your order. They have a few tables there's and one gender neutral bathroom. You have to know it's there because if not it's pretty easy to miss. 
Luke's Lobster is the type of food that will have you eating even after your full. We tried the mac and cheese, lobster bisque, and the lobster roll. Each plate was amazing. Every bite of food is just absolutely DELICIOUS and perfectly seasoned. 
The staff here is super chill. They're all friendly and talkative, they came out to make sure everyone was enjoying their food, and they made sure to say bye before we left. Really exceptional customer service. 
Everything about my experience here was great. I would absolutely return here and I'm definitely going to be recommending LL's to everyone I know that will be in this area! Thanks, guys!I was a visiting a friend in Philly and we decided to check out Luke's Lobster for lunch.
It was a little tricky finding the restaurant since it is partly below ground, but we made it. The restaurant was small, but clean and not crowded.
I ordered the Taste of Maine sampler, which comes with a half of each sandwich type, plus chips, a pickle, and a drink. I also ordered a cup of clam chowder.
All of the seafood was delicious. It was super fresh and tasty! I think I liked the crab and lobster rolls the best. Sure, for sandwiches, the menu items are a tad pricey, but seafood is generally a bit expensive anyway.
There are a couple of locations in DC as well, so I might check those out the next time I head up there.Can a chain not be shitty if they have an awesome ingredient that almost no one can mess up? Luke's Lobster answered proudly this afternoon...Yes. Where to begin...uggh...price? OK, so anywhere located in the Rittenhouse district will have many things you must accept in order to get through a dining experience. Such as, the overbearing presence of yuppy douche bags and stuck up twats, and where this flock congregates, inflated entree prices indubitably follows. Which, leads us to price. $17 bills for a Lobster Roll. OK, it's not that nuts...because in the back of our greedy little minds, we think "well it is Lobster". Well unfortunately your greedy little mind is bound to disappoint you once again. Yes there is Lobster on the Lobster Roll, and yes it is a sweet and succulent flavor. But, after I ate the smallest sandwich I have ever had anywhere, and yes I have had tea sandwiches at an old lady luncheon before, within 45 seconds, I realized wouldn't Lobster anywhere be good? Yes and probably better most other places. The sandwich is obviously designed to not allow seasoning or dressing overpower the Lobster, smart I get that, allow the ingredients to speak for themselves...buuttt, who wants a baby seafood sandwhich full of unseasoned wet Lobster? I guess shit bags who love blowing money on goofy ass food near the most awful 2 blocks of Walnut Street in the city. Yes overall, over priced and underwhelming. What else? Weird ass all natural $3 sodas, 2oz cups of watery Lobster chowder, Lobster tails placed on salads and sides that are a size that an actual Barbie Doll would be pissed about. Ummmm, a wacked out hipster staff that have a tip jar for god knows what reason. Ok, my job here is done.If you're a no muss, no fuss kinda guy or gal, AND you love lobster, you're in for a treat. Roughly the size of a hot dog, Luke's lobster roll may not look like it will fill you up, but it certainly is indulgent enough to do so. 
The lobster has buttery but light taste and sits on a piece of bread. Enough juices flow down to make the bread soft and flavorful, but not enough to make it soggy. It's perfect for lunch time in the city - especially if you're on a time constraint!
The New England Clam Chowder is quite tasty, chunky and of the perfect consistency for a cold day.Food was very tasty. Lobster roll definitely stands out. I still wish the prices were cheaper but definitely not bad once in a while. Love the selection of Maine sodas and cape cod chips. Quick service.Yum Yum lobster, city excursions rarely dissapoint. A roll without shelling and making clarified butter, very tastey...my first time with a lobster sandwich. pricey but considering a live lobster isnt that much cheaper by the pound.. id consider it a must try at least once but not staple. i'd definitely try to do this at home  now. writing this im now craving surf and turf but cheesesteak and lobster seems weird, it may be somewhere in the city of lobster love.They're not bad. The interior is cute, and they have Maine Root soda. I'd need two ($33) to be full, so I don't think the taste or size of these rolls justifies the price (yes, I know lobster is expensive, but if you're charging $16.50, it better not be average, like here).
Do yourself a favor, go down the block to Oyster House, and spend $10 more. They're so much better, and you get a side of fries. You pay more for better quality. Plus they have a wider range of equally delicious appetizers and sides, so you'll leave more satisfied with how you spent your money (and probably a fuller stomach, too). You'll thank me later.I was really excited to try Lukes, heard a lot about the NY location.  
Turned out to be a big disappointment.  We ordered the noahs ark with the crab claws.  I never had crab claws so overcooked and dry.  
Next up was the crab roll.  Bland, and needed salt.  No lumps of crab meat found at all.  
Lobster roll, only claw and knuckle meat. Ok, oyster house serves a much tastier lobster roll.
Shrimp roll, at this point at had very low expectations and the shrimp roll actually exceeded them.  Pretty good, the best out of the 3 in my opinion.
The buttered roll was delicious.
Chips and root beer were also good.
Would I return? maybe.  If I really want a lobster roll, Ill go to oyster houseFirst time at Luke's was a mediocre experience. The service was absolutely lacking. The man at the front counter knew nothing about the soup of the day nor did he seemed interested in providing details about the soups at all. I ordered the Noah's Ark, to sample the lobster, crab, and shrimp rolls. The rolls were very small but were good. I would recommend ordering the regular lobster rolls if you come to Luke's.Great to see a familiar place open up -- I used to visit their east village location.  The only reason I'm not giving Luke's a 5-star is the lack of a hot lobster roll option on the menu.  I just think a buttery hot roll beats a cold mayo one.
Otherwise, this place does it right.  The most important thing is the seafood is very fresh.  The menu is simple and good (lobster, crab and shrimp roll options -- with a great taste of Maine option that lets you get all 3).  The soda, soup, chip options are solid too.  Nothing wrong with the service either.
Very happy to have Luke's in the neighborhood.So the lobster roll was definitely delicious, and had large chunks of lobster... but I felt this was too expensive. There are not really a lot of options to get lobster rolls in Philly, so this was definitely a nice treat, but I'll probably stick with getting my New England fare from New England.Delicious lobster but with a high price tag. The atmosphere is cool- it's a small semi-underground shop that makes you feel like your in-the-know when you bring someone along who hasn't been beforeMy friend and I stumbled upon Luke's Lobster while staying in Philly for a conference. We were very impressed with the quaint, comfortable decor and the staff was very friendly and hospitable. 
The first thing I noticed was how delicious it smelled in the restaurant. We both ordered the lobster rolls and were both impressed with the amount of lobster that we were given. I also enjoyed that it was lightly dressed in the lemon butter, and not smothered in mayo like other lobster rolls l've had. It was an amazing find, I can't wait to come back!Small, cozy place with one of the best lobster rolls I've ever had. Don't forget that blueberry soda!We had a hankering for a Lobster roll so we did a neighborhood search which led us to Luke's. This was a superb choice.  First of all we were greeted with the delicious aroma of the bread as soon as we opened the door. We decided on the "Noah's Ark" in order to sample everything.  Another great choice . Like the other reviewers agreed, portions were small but made up for it in flavor.  Ordered a full roll and lobster bisque to go. We will return.Chose this place as my last lunch in Philly after 2 long years of working here! I am from Texas - so I didn't grow up with lobster rolls. Boy did I miss out! This is the place to go! You pay for what you get! Yum! I will miss this buttery lobster roll!Comfortable place with reasonably priced lobster rolls.  Fresh and delicious.  Highly recommended.Sandwiches were smaller than I expected but they were so good!! Espcially the lobster roll and the snowcrab roll. Go get the snowcrab one while you can! They said they don't sell them all the time.Simple, addicting, and light.  The lobster roll is undeniably good and isn't encumbered by more than a hit of mayo or too much butter.  Just really well done and makes you feel like you could eat 2 or 3 if you're a big boy like me.  Until you remember they're $15 a pop.
Can't see a reason to come in here and try anything else.  I just see this as a "you get (soup dumplings/crabs/cheesesteak wiz wit/cannolis/whatever food they're famous for) only" joint and judgements should be on those and those alone kind of place.
Inside is fitting, not hokey as well with a really nice selection of "craft" sodas (go for the blueberry, it's only right) and "small batch" chips.  Not sure if those are the proper terms but you get what I mean.Delicious authentic seafood made in a "fastfood style." The staff is super friendly. They even have "healthy" drinks with real root beet or ginger ale from local producers. My only complaint is the price to portion ratio. Its a little on the pricey side which i don't mind if i got more bang for my buck.I was visiting Philly for a few days and looking for a decent place to have lunch. The place is cute and staff is very friendly. We ordered the Noah's Ark for two which was well worth the money. We had the chance to taste all the rolls - lobster, crab, shrimp - (half a roll each) and two crab claws each. I also enjoyed their choice of drinks. The blueberry soda was really good. The price was 42 plus tax for the whole thing which is definitely more than I'd usually spend on lunch but I would come back again!Yummy rolls, creamy lobster. Pair that with Dizengoff and the beds at the Sofitel- bam, heaven.Lobster roll was good but too small for price. Dont think I'll come back. Should be on a hoagie roll not on a sandwich roll.Good with fresh lobster, while clam chowder should have more cream compared with one in Boston.Pretty great lunch experience. Lobster rolls were fresh and tasty and loved the lobster bisque. So much lobster meat felt like a good value. My daughter is picky and requested a grilled cheese and blueberry lemonade. She didn't like either one, but hard to know if they were bad or just not her speed.Typically come here when I'm in Philly for business. Clean, quick and healthy. Been here about 10 times so far. Lobster roll fantastic. Feels like old port Maine.  Only reason not 5 * is that twice I got crab claws as app and seems frozen. Otherwise great!!The Hubs and I couldn't wait to try Luke's as we are big fans of the lobster roll! We have had lobster rolls from Florida to Maine and were thrilled to hear about Luke's right here in Philly!
We ordered the Noah's Ark-Two of everything; 2 half lobster rolls, 2 half shrimp rolls, 2 half crab rolls, 2 chips, 2 drinks. $41.04 with tax. 
Let's start with the buns-out of this world delish! The online menu (we called ahead for carry-out) mentioned that the buns are "swiped with mayo, lemon butter and a dash of secret spices. Our buns didn't seem to have any of that on them, but were deliciously toasted and soft as they should be.
The lobster meat was excellent but not worth the price. The shrimp was good, but the crab was completely bland. If not for the bun, it would have had no taste at all.
The only drink options are canned Diet Coke, bottled water and a variety of bottled Maine Root Sodas (we tried the "ginger" and "Mexican Cola". The ginger was spicy and different. The Mexican Cola was good.
Two varieties of chips available; Sea Salt & Vinegar or Reduced Fat Plain.
Definitely not worth the price. I will keep searching; or just wait until I get back up to Brown's in Seabrook, NH!The next best thing to a trip to Cape Cod - I tried the Taste of Maine which is a 1/2 roll each of shrimp, lobster and crab for $20 - including a drink (I got a pellegrino) and a bag of Cape Cod chips (I got BBQ and saved them for later).
Good sized rolls and the crab one was really excellent. I also loved the lobster one.
Not too much mayo and the roll was toasted and lightly buttered (a classic split-top) just as it should be.
Can't wait to go back. (I went at 11:40 right before the line started to form.  Smart move!I give this place a 3.5. I have to agree with Larry. I got really excited about the hype but maybe I was built up too much. I got a lobster roll with the calm chowder soup combo.
I can't reason their pricing point for the quantity of the product. The breading on the roll is tasty and the lobster is well portioned but it's not worth $16. It didn't blow me out of the water. The lobster is of decent quality. It's smells fresh but lacks the juicy flavors that I'd hope to taste. Also, maybe it's just my preference but I'd like my lobster warm. 
The clam chowder was decent but again not for the portions. 
It was a good taste of Maine but I probably won't come back in the near future.Decent food but way overpriced. Lunch for two ran $60 and was not what you would think of as a $60 meal.
Was a nice place to try but won't be back.I hadn't had a real lobster roll since 2007 when I went to Boston for work. This place was so good. The food was excellent. Folks behind the counter were as fast as they were friendly. Would have liked a TV in here but otherwise it's a mighty damn fine lobster roll.This was absolutely delicious food. Worth the price. The lobster roll was so great I had to order a second.Kali came to Philly to see if these guys were as good as promised. Bomb.... good vibes, reminded me of my own buddies. I must stop if traveling. Pricey but remember you get what you pay for. Tried all rolls, soups, and sodas..... I hope I see these folks again. ONE LOVEFirst opened in East Village in 2009, Luke's Lobster has been transplanted to center city Philadelphia. It's a small establishment whose decor, I think, is meant to take diners away from the busy streets of the city and onto the modern rustic feel of a lobster boat.
Though it was Luke's Lobster, I've always been a bigger fan of crab, so I got the the crab roll. The menu on Luke's website best describes what this is - "seafood...chilled atop a buttered and toasted New England-style, split-top bun with a swipe of may, a sprinkle of lemon butter and a dash of our secret spices."
Every bite of the icy, buttery crab was as refreshing as a cold lemonade on a hot summer day. Unfortunately, there wasn't much of the lemonade. The roll is ~4-5 inches, making it more of an expensive ($12) snack than a lunch. Though not exactly budget friendly for the amount of food, Luke's is worth at least a monthly visit.Did I miss something about Luke's Lobster? What's all the rave about? Perhaps it was the bad first impression that ruined my whole experience here. 
The first big challenge was even finding this place. We had no idea it was in a sketchy basement! That's when I tell myself, "Boy, it's about to go downhill," because really, you're going under an already shady building to have seafood. Having personally seen food scraped from the gutters in China to be served in shops similar to this kind of setting, my appetite was quickly gone. 
Next was the menu. I came with two friends, one of whom had mentioned eating lobster rolls earlier. Since we weren't out and about hunting for fancy food, I assumed this is the typical, fast casual shop kind of place. I was right on that, but definitely not expecting paying $20+ for a roll. I don't care if it's lobster or the world's fanciest whatever, I do not expect paying that much for just a roll... The small size didn't make it any better.
Fortunately things got better. Our cashier was nice, food was actually pretty good, lobster meat seemed fresh, and the restaurant overall seemed clean. However，I left still feeling a bit hungry, so it was for sure disappointing!I've gone here twice just for the lobster corn chowder (I was originally looking for lobster bisque but I don't think they sell that during summer). The first time the soup tasted really rest and fresh with lots of potatoes corn and with some lobster bits. The second time I came here the broth of the soup just didn't taste right like it was a little "funky." It's hard to describe but the soup just tasted a bit sour I guess, to the point that I chose not to finish it. I would probably come eat here again but I would just avoid the soup which might not be the freshest item on the menu.This place was delicious! and an affordable way to have mouthwatering seafood.lobster roll.... MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I just wish it were a bit more affordable so I could eat it more often!Both the staff and food are amazing! My food arrived looking exactly like the pictures.  I am currently eating my second order placed during the same visit.Holy crap. So much taste on what appears to be simple ingredients. Coming from California​ and having had some pretty good mariscos. This place is a must bite. I had the trio and wow. I sat at the window and even got them more business. But anyways great taste and the bread was the key. Awesome. Great taste and great service. Fair prices.Lobster roll was just so-so and very expensive.  While it is definitely packed with lobster, the seasoning is overpowering and does not compliment the natural flavor of the lobster.  I also added cole slaw at additional cost and it was absolutely tasteless.  A way better lobster roll can be found at the Surf and Turf food truck that is sometimes at Love Park.If your looking to eat here you better be prepared to drop a pretty penny on lunch. I ended getting the sampler to tast everything and with cole slaw and a drink the three half rolls were about $24.  Very tasty and unbelievably fresh which is the imported from another state price you are paying.  Worth it if you are not normally from a place that has lobster readily available.  Can't hold weight against a real New England place with regards to portion size but that's what happens with such a limited supply of fresh lobster/crab in the Philly area.With lobsters to taste and with a feeling of being in Main?. Like a tiny little shack, Philadelphia is nothing like MainI just went here for a date! Excellent place! I had the crab roll and tried a little of the lobster roll. Too amazing and very unique.Little roll served with a massive pile of super fresh Maine lobster. The 'sandwich' feels a little like an afterthought to the lobster. There are clearly 2 camps when it comes to lobster rolls, mayo and no mayo. Luke and I subscribe to the no mayo ticket, so that worked out well for us. Some folks have said it is pricey, but it really is not since they're serving fresh sustainably sourced crustaceans. Prices are fairly comparable to what you'd pay at local lobster shacks in Maine. 
Also tried their clam chowder, which was pretty good except for the grit/sand in the occasional bite. Doesn't bother me much, but I can imagine it grosses some people out, so dinging them for a star on that.I have seen this place passing by Center City and few time and finally decided to try it out. I went with the lobster roll and it was pretty good. The buttered roll was really good for this type of sandwich and the lobster tasted fresh and well seasoned. I only gave it 4 stars because the sandwich is really small for a more expensive meal and I was still hungry after. It was $17 for a 6" inch lobster sandwich. It's more of a tasty snack than a meal, but worth trying. I do want to go back and try the shrimp and crab roll which are a little cheaper.After coming here a few more times, I've come to the realization that their crab rolls are the best. Even though it's known for their lobster, it's the crab roll that really shines. The bread is buttered and slightly toasted. Ordered a lemon lime soda, and left very satisfied. Not sure if it's just me, but we went close to closing and it seemed like they gave us more "meat" than usual.holy shit!!!!! worth the two hour drive!!!!!! i look forward to returning hopefully soon.Unreal, honestly. Have been going here since it opened and to original locations in NYC the food is super consistent and never disappoints. They now offer gluten free bread which is amazing for the celiac world. Get the Noah's ark with a blueberry soda to go, grab a date and walk over to Rittenhouse square for a picnic. You're welcome.We shared the Taste of Maine.  It was the freshest most amazing tasting crab. The lobster was delicious and buttery and the shrimp was as fresh as you'll find. They all came in amazing bread as well. 10/10 would recommend. A must have if you're coming through PhillyI had the lobster roll and it was great. Today I got the Trio and it was out of this world. Three little sammies - one with lobster,  the others with crab and shrimp. The food is incredibly fresh and you can taste it.
The only downside is that Trio was over $20 which makes this place a treat spot and not an everyday choice. (but I will be back for more).Amazing addition to the Rittenhouse food scene! I am so excited about this place and got to try it out for the first time last night.
My partner in crime and I got the Noah's Ark, which is just the sampler but for two people. So we each happily sat down with 1/2 a shrimp roll, 1/2 lobster rolls, and 1/2 crab roll that came with a craft soda, chips, and a pickle. The meat in each roll is lightly seasoned and comes on the fluffiest, butteriest bun in the world with a tiny bit of mayo. Its the perfect compliment to the seafood. Nothing is over dressed and the focus is right where it should be.
My roll ranking from best to worst:
1. Crab roll: I was surprised by how amazing this was. I am usually a lobster girl but the crab here won me over.
2. Lobster roll: a close, close second 
3. Shrimp roll: a distant third. To be fair I am not a big fan of shrimp rolls in general. Shrimp are too rubbery and deserve a large glob of cocktail sauce if they aren't grilled in my opinion. 
The clam chowder was tasty! Not traditional...it leans towards chicken broth/brothy more than creamy. I am actually a fan of this. It's summer time and thick, creamy soup with hot, humid air aren't really the best of friends. My bathing suit is also thankful for this situation.
Overall great place to try out! I'm sure it's going to do very, very well if they keep up the fresh quality seafood. 
I'm a Lobsta Mobsta...are you?FYI, I have never had a lobster roll from New England, but these were SO good. I think I could have eaten 10 of them (they're small), but sadly, I only ordered one. Yum.My go-to place for seafood rolls. The buns are generously buttered and toasted, with decently sized chunks of seafood. The Maine-style rolls are very reasonably priced for Philly. Being from New England, I know nothing compares to a fresh lobster roll with large chunks for 17-18 bucks, but this place comes as close as I'd imagine. The nice thing is that you can get the same serving and size all year round. The combo is definitely great for first time, although I like the lobster roll the best by far. The drink and chips are great, since they remind me of home. The blueberry soda is my fave by far, I always have a stash at home. The service is fast, and the place is never too crowded. Good for lunch during the week when you don't want to be too sleepy for an afternoon meeting.Drool at the thought of these sammys. I've been here several times and have gotten the lobster roll each time. It is incredible. I love how they do not use mayo! The seasoning is just perfect too. The only reason why I'm giving it a 4/5 is due to the price and size of the roll. $20 for a sandwich size roll, chips and a drink is a bit much. I get it, but still does not come close to filling me. Overall if you don't mind dropping $$ and are looking for fresh lobster, come here!Delicious!  The food is great anytime I come here. I first tried Luke's Lobster in D.C. and was so happy to see it in Center City when walking past 17th St. one day.  They have a solid lobster roll! The large cold chunks of meaty lobster, mixed with butter and spices on a soft but tasty bun, exceeded all my expectations. One of my favorites in Philly!Was visiting Philly and this unique place caught my eye. It is on the Lower level so a little hard to spot but well worth it. My boyfriend and I got the lobster roll, something we are very unfamiliar with, and were throughly satisfied with this unique sandwich. Every flavor was on point and I wish I could something like this back home!Cute decor and yummy (albeit tiny) lobster rolls. 
I thought since Philly was closer Maine than LA to Maine, the lobster rolls would be a bit cheaper. But I was wrong. They turned out to be just as pricey and just as delicious as the ones I've had from food trucks in LA..I tried the trio, which came with a crab, lobster and shrimp roll, and the did not disappoint! They rolls were delicious and you could taste the freshness. I liked that they didn't have a lot added to them, so you could really taste the flavor. They are a little pricey, so this probably isn't a place you would visit a lot but its definitely worth a visit.Food was amazing. The atmosphere was nautical and interesting to see. We had the place to ourselves for the most part because we ate lunch early. It was delicious. I got the lobster role and side salad. I would definitely eat here again and bring my friends.Wow, a little pricey but well worth every delicious bite.  The lobster roll is fantastic and the crab roll is very good as well.  Thanks Yelp.I will be the first to admit that I am no connoisseur of traditional Maine lobster rolls, but I thoroughly enjoyed my wee little sandwich. I ordered the full sized lobster roll and am the type of person who often leaves food on her plate because I think portions are ridiculously huge, but even I thought this was small. Lobster is expensive, I get it.  So just be prepared that you will spend $15 on a small sandwich.Terrific locals spot. Lobster roll and lobster bisque. Don't fret the seemingly small portion size for the money... You'll be FULL and oh so satisfied. Friendly staff telling jokes while you wait. Huge chunks of lobster in the bisque. Nom nom nom.Delicious! We ordered the crab roll, lobster roll, corn chowder, and a lobster tail. It was extremely fresh and tasty!Yes, I agree the lobster roll was delicious. However the prices were just crazy! I got a half-roll for $8 and it was barely a few bites. Feeling very hungry now....This was pretty good. I never had a real lobster roll before so I have nothing to really compare it to. We go the trio for $19 and then some clam chowder. The clam chowder was not bad but I'd say it was a little bland. The lobster roll was really good. The crab roll and shrimp roll was just okey. If I'm ever in town again then I'll definitely go back for their lobster roll!Let me tell you this lobster grill cheese and chowder is the freakin BEST. I can almost Promis I'll be back again Tomorrow for lunch. It was the absolute Best.This was our first trip to the East Coast, and as West Coast natives, we don't eat a lot of lobster rolls.  So when we came across Luke's on our final night in Philly we thought we would give this tiny little place below the street a try.  OH  MY LOBSTER!!!!!  I'm pretty sure I'd give up something not as important as sex for this lobster roll.  The bisque had a couple of chunks of lobster and was good, but nothing as foodgasmic as that lobster roll.  I will dream of this roll.  I will fantasize about this roll, and sadly I probably won't ever be back to Philly to have this roll again.  So Luke, think about opening a place in San Francisco please!
4 stars because the place was small and we had a hard time getting a table, and two rolls, two soups and one soda was $50 which I thought was a little steep.  But the taste was spot on.We were going through philly and craving lobster rolls, this place is great and reasonably priced. Lobster and crab rolls are both great. I'd pass on the shrimp roll and crab claws though.Tiny little place in Philly with pretty good lobster rolls and clam chowder. $14 for a lobster roll is about normal around here  which I am never happy about but I am not shocked about anymore. The bread was nice and warm while the chowder was good and would have again. Even though the place was small I liked the atmosphere of it and the gentleman taking out order was super friendly so that always helps.Luke's Lobster has been on my list ever since they announced their expansion into Philly, which up until now has been devoid of an authentic, New England-style, price-friendly, grab-and-go lobster roll. After our seafood plans were upset on Sunday night, we decided to divert to this underground location for dinner.
We hit the jackpot with the Noah's Ark, which are two servings of the Taste of Maine (1/2 sandwiches of the lobster, crab, and shrimp rolls, two crab claws, a bag of chips and soda). For $44 it is a bit pricey, but compared to the other neighbourhood joints charging an arm and a leg for shellfish, I didn't think the cost was too bad.
My downfall is that I can barely eat two bites of a lobster roll by myself before I throw in the towel, but these servings were absolutely perfect for my taste. I really enjoy the way Luke's preps their lobster, which is chilled with a hint of lemon, buttery, a dab of mayo without going insane, and a sprinkle of spices. Though the shrimp was a bit too meh for my taste, the crab roll was the surprise of the night, being chilled and tasty. The freshness of the meat was intense and I was left craving more after the last bite.
I didn't see a hint of the famed lobster mac and cheese that's so prevalent in their NYC locations, but I'm definitely coming back for another amazing lobster/crab roll and a sarsparilla soda soon.Wow.  Amazing !  And I've had lobster rolls all over Maine and this is just as good if not better!!  Lobster bisque soup was incredible too.I've been here several times, but just got around to doing a review. The lobster roll is the item to order here. Served Connecticut Style, i.e. ( sweet, premium chunks of lobster served on a perfectly buttered, toasted New England hot dog bun seasoned simply with a bit of salt or maybe celery salt.)  It is a Lobster Roll purist's dream!   Try the sodas from Maine too.I will reiterate what others are saying and report that the lobster roll is absolutely amazing. It is beautifully seasoned, and SO succulent. The only downside is that things are a bit smaller portioned and expensive here. The quality is what you pay for. 
A friend and I got the Noah's Ark, which includes two half size lobster rolls, crab rolls, shrimp rolls, crab claws, drinks, chips/coleslaw, and drinks. Don't get me wrong, this is a great place to splurge, but the rolls are literally the size of half your hand. The server forgot to serve us the pickles with this combo :(. 
Oh my god, the lobster is so delicious; it's just too bad that it comes with so little. Also, the crab claws are so tiny; they're like the size of half your thumb. As far as the slaw, it's not your traditional kind with mayonnaise; it has some kind of vinaigrette, which isn't tasty at all, get the chips. The seafood tastes so fresh, I just wish it was cheaper.I loved this place. Loved it. Yes, it is expensive but the food is great. I actually thought the shrimp roll was the best tasting of the bunch. Highly recommend.I loved my Kale & Tail Salad. Next time I think I want to try the Lobster roll though based on the recommendation of several locals. Service was fast. The restaurant was clean. Employees were friendly which I definitely appreciated since I'm not from Philly and don't know anyone here. It was nice to engage with locals that were personable.This place was pretty good. My only warning is to be prepared because the sandwiches are kinda small. I opted for the trio with a bowl of clam chowder. I tasted the lobster chowder as well but the clam is way better. Of all three sandwiches I think I liked the shrimp the best. The service was awesome and I did recommend this place to a few people while in town. If you're I n the area give them a try.Friday night date with myself. One of the best dates I've ever had. Crab roll was amazing. 
UPDATED: went back a second time with my parents (who fell in love). 
My only 5 star rating to this point.Great. Friendly staff, fast, no queues.  I preffer my roll with light mayo vs butter but no choice. Roll, slaw, pickle and soda for $18 combo. Too bad is byob no beer.Holy heaven. My wife and I tried this out a few weeks ago after a tip from an employee at the nearby Apple store. Being from New England originally, we were a little skeptical about the seafood everyone at Apple raved about, but we gave it a shot anyways. So glad we did. The rolls, the lobster, the Cape Cod chips, the root beer. It all brought me back to summer vacations in Maine. 
So happy to have this place in Philly. Can't wait to get back.WOOW. This place is soooo good!!! My New England self is incredibly content that my friend made the suggestion of coming here.
My friend and I shared the Taste of Maine at $24 which was just enough for the two of us and allowed us to sample various items:
* 1/2 lobster roll
* 1/2 crab roll
* 1/2 shrimp roll
* 2 crab king claws
* Slaw (or you could order chips)
* A pickle
* And a drink
The rolls are not overly butterfly and the meat is seasoned perfectly and just oh so tender. I had never had a shrimp roll before and the shrimps were so soft!! You will be in heaven! The slaw was good too - dressed mainly in oil versus mayonnaise which I'm not a fan of. A nice touch that they do is on a small sign they let you know where the seafood is from - the day we went the lobster was from ME, crab from Quebec and shrimp from Vancouver (I may have mixed that up....). Note a whole lobster roll was $16, shrimp was $9 and crab was in between.
Anyway go to Luke's Lobster!! It is tucked under a business near the Sofitel Hotel and the space is small but totally worth it. We got there a little before noon and there was may be two other people there but by the time we were done there was a small line and constant stream of people coming in and out. I would eat here every week if I lived in the area!!Super disappointed with Luke's Lobster! Though the food was good, portions are pretty small for the price.  Also, I expected more taste? The lobster and shrimp were a little bland. :(I am in town on business and i  am heading that way now. I have been looking forward to Luke's for last 2 weeks. 
My mouth is watering for the best lobster rolls that I have ever ever had. 
Feet don't fell me now!!! I am here and oh so damn good!!!I've been to the Luke's in Boston, and I'm glad to see Luke's is just as great in Philly! Great quality control. Got a full lobster roll this time around and a large cup of clam chowder and blueberry honey lemonade. Gobs of lobster in every bite and none of that overpowering mayo nonsense. Toasty and buttery bun, just yum! Clam chowder was chunky but not overly, so it still felt like a soup. Came with oyster crackers. Lots of clam and potatoes, my favorite! Service was quick, and clerk let us quickly download the Luke's app for a free drink reward. Laid back, welcoming atmosphere.3 stars: I got the Taste of Maine for $40.04 including tax and tip with my friend- comes out to $20.02 per person. The crab roll and shrimp roll were fantastic. The lobster roll is overrated and way more bland than I expected.The price of $15 (if the ale is probably $3 and the chips are $2 at most) per person for the rolls doesn't justify the small portions on the 3 seafood rolls. The rolls do have a significant amount of meat, but the portions are still small overall.
4 stars: The blueberry ale and the ginger ale were FANTASTIC. 
Largest crowd is the lunch crowd.This isn't somewhere I'd go for my daily lunch, but it's a nice place for the occasional lunch. 
overall: 3.5 starsMore like half star...portions sucked ass!! Spent all that money for a slice of wonderbread. Felt like I ordered a damn kids meal.I got the lobster roll and it was very good. The roll is kind of small so 2 may fill you up. They have different flavored drinks, blue berry one was my fave!Amazing lobster rolls that taste as good as they do in Maine. We tried the Lobster Roll Combos and paired with Cape Cod chips and Maine Root sodas, it was the perfect combo. The lobster rolls were done just right with a little mayo on the roll and some melted butter on top. Delicious! 
Next time, we'll go in for the Taste of Maine which includes half of the lobster, crab, and shrimp rolls to sample some of each.My best friend and I were walking through Philly when we stumbled upon this gem of a restaurant. The lobster roll was really fresh and spiced perfectly! And they have a daily chalkboard which shows which city they catch the lobster in. Very cute place with rustic wooden tables :) Only complaint: bit pricey for the small portions.The best lobster roll in town. Period.  Oyster House runs a close second...but bring your BYOB choice, get a combo and settle in for nirvana.Just a fresh lobster roll place. Staff was very friendly. Lobster roll was succulent, and expensive, as is any other lobster roll joint. Love this place though because they also offer crab rolls and shrimp rolls. Wish they had a better seating set up.Straightforward menu and on point food. Price point is a little high, but the grub is quality.After over a year of passing this place by on my Yelp bookmark list I finally made it in for lunch and I'm glad I did. It's a cute and cozy place with just a little bit of seating but I liked the atmosphere. Since it's downstairs you feel like you're in the bottom of a boat. Very cool! I ordered a lobster roll combo which came with Cape Code chips and a drink. The lobster roll was served on a grilled hot dog bug loaded with lobster and just a tiny bit of mayo. It was SO so good. It truly tasted fresh and something I would definitely go back for. The service was very good and super friendly too. My kinda place!I traveled back to my old east coast stomping grounds over the holiday. Looking for a different restaurant, I found Luke's lobster. 
My friend shared the Luke's Trio platter for 2 including half a lobster roll, half a crab roll, half shrimp roll and crab claws. We also had the lobster bisque. We weren't impressed with the bisque - which I found surprising, but the rolls did not disappoint. My favorite was the lobster roll. I swore I wouldn't eat the bread, but because it was so good I did!
The crab claws were equally delicious! We went on the Friday before Christmas and the place was dead except for a few neighborhood regulars stopping in to pick up dinner. Very laid back place with picnic bench style seating. Service was fast and friendly.
You have to break your piggy bank to come here. All told with the Trio for 2 and picking up an extra crab and lobster roll to bring to my family came to well over $100. Yes, you can eat at a nice restaurant for that, but if you love seafood - you have to try this place at least once. I would definitely come back next time I am in town!Luke's Lobster serves the freshest and the most flavorful lobster rolls in the city. The combination of freshly caught Maine lobsters, fresh baked rolls, and warm melting butter is sumply sumptulicious!!!Great place, perfect in ground place. Friendly, clean, smells great as soon as you walk in, small menu, local Maine sodas, good prices. I would go back in heart beat yummy!I came here due to the rave reviews, and this is one of those times that yelp disappointed me. Am I missing something? Did I go on a bad day?
My boyfriend and I had the Noah's Ark which gives you 2 (cold hard, dry) crab claws, 2 (1/2) of a lobster roll, 2 (1/2) of a crab roll, and 2 (1/2) of a shrimp roll. All three rolls were teeny tiny, about the size of my two fingers (no kidding). The lobster did not look packed like in the picture and tasted bland, the crab meat reminded me of cheap flossy crab with small hard shells that made me grumble as I ate, and the shrimp roll was just small un-deveined shrimps, bland, and blah. I had to add sriracha and a pinch of salt to make the meal more tasty. 
We were highly disappointed that this meal costs $50 and left us so hungry that we seeked out Dalessandro's cheese steaks to fill us up for the night. Seafood is expensive and I don't mind paying for quality, but the seafood here tastes frozen (not surprising since it's precooked offsite and shipped here) and bland. Not worth it and would not return here. Would not recommend at all.The best. Tastes just like a Maine lobster roll and I'll be going back again. It is pricey but the sandwich is loaded with lobster meat and the bun is toasted and buttered to perfection.I've never had a lobster roll as good as this, period.  They cost $15, but are worth every penny.  There isn't any mayo on the lobster, just lemon butter and some spices, so the lobster flavor dominates.  Served on a toasted hot dog bun which provides a nice crunch.  If you like lobster, you will love this sandwich. I promise!Anyone see a lobster here? Tasty for fast food. If you want something genuine on a bun, head next door to Underdogs.Excellent food, but......
My lobster bisque was really good, I mean 9 out 10, until I bit into a large shell that really brought me down to a 7. Nearly broke a tooth!
The lobster roll is exceptional a solid 9 out of 10, but it is tiny. I know I am a bit of a pig, but this lobster roll is way too small for a meal especially for $15. 
So the food is really good, I got unlucky on the shell in the soup, and I wish the roll was much bigger.This tiny little place was a gem to find after a long day, and before walking back to our downtown hotel.  Pop in for a classic lobster roll (fresh, flavorful lobster or crab), a side of slaw, and a real cola.  It was a great alternative to some trendy, long-wait, sit down place.  (Tee W.'s review is way off.  For one thing, there is a menu on the wall that says in big print "served chilled".  And who reheats shellfish?  Yikes.)  We wish there were a Luke's in San Francisco, and we love our Dungeness crab and Tomales Bay oysters.  Thanks for a simple, perfectly executed, well-priced dinner.  We'll be back!I've been looking forward to trying one of their places and finally had the chance in Philadelphia. Tried the trio and clam chowder. Sandwiches were okay but very pedestrian, while the chowder lacked personality. Kind of overpriced but what do you expect for shellfish. Don't plan to repeat.I've been to this location and the one in DC. Very consistent. 
I've gotten the taste of maine and the lobster roll. The taste of mine has quarter shrimp, crab, and lobster. Out of the three I highly recommend the lobster. The shrimp and crab were average. It comes on a toasted buttery roll and a decent amount of lobster. I'm not saying you're going to get completely full but it is good enough for a meal and the price. Lobster roll is $17 for a combo, chips and a drink. I think the taste of maine is $20 something. 
When I come here I just get the lobster roll and it fulfills my lobster craving. Juicy and buttery!!! If you are craving a lobster roll, this is the place. It's a fast take out spot so don't expect it to be a full service place. It's right in center city near the liberty place mall.I love sea food and happens to stumble into this pleace from havens in Phily. I never had a lobster roll but I knew I will love then as soon as I could get my hands on one, well this happens to be my favorite place in the world now. Very informal casual shack with nice employees and customers. If you are anywhere close to Chestnut and 14 to 18 st google this place.Luke's is excellent! Don't be tempted by the trio, get the lobster roll...trust me. Wish they were a little less pricey, and they had more sides, but the roll is truly delicious.Great Lobster Rolls without the 738 mile trip
Pack your car for the 8 hour trip to Maine for a Lobster Roll - head toward Philadelphia turn onto S 17th street one and half blocks south of market and you are here. leave the luggage in the car, walk down 5-6 steps into Lukes Lobster (shack). i had a Lobster Roll. cape cod chips and a Maine rootbeer $17, my friend had the Taste of Maine $23, half, lobster roll, half crab roll, half shrimp roll two crab claws.. He said the shrimp roll was very good and he loved the lobster roll...
My lobster roll was all Lobster Meat! No Mayo, No celery, just cool cooked lobster meat on a New England style "hot dog" roll. which was grilled on the outside. I was in heaven :) .. $15 was reasonable for a lobster roll only... VERY GOOD
it amazes me how one can comment "pricey". they obviously have never driven the 800 miles to a roadside lobster shack in Maine, $17-$20 is average...   
Best Lobster Roll Ever. Red's Eats, 41 Water St, Wiscasset, ME 04578.
It amazes me how another restaurant .two blocks east on Samson st can even be compared to Lukes. Luke's is the real deal..  it was funny to see about 90% of the customers were men...Great food, great service! All their soups are gluten free (the cook that makes the soup has a daughter that is celiac so... He gets it!) and they have amazing gluten free bread for the lobster roll. Very friendly, great atmosphere, and I finally got my first lobster roll!! If I lived here I would come all the time!Had the taste of Maine sampler and agree that the crab roll is the tastiest. The shrimp roll looks like small salad style shrimp which I would skip. The lobster roll had a nice heap of lobster. The flavor was there (perhaps augmented by the buttery rolls) but the rolls were just a little too small for the price (half roll is about 3-4 inches). Service was fast, helpful and friendly. Root soda available if you're into that. Only one patio seat available outside if you are looking for an outdoor dining experience. The dining room is clean and the food definitely tastes fresh!It's definitely delicious seafood but it's not enough of it for the price. You pay here mainly for the "importation" of Maine food more than for the food itselfSimple & straightforward. Lobster Roll, Crab Roll, Shrimp Roll or All Three. Clam Chowder and Lobster Bisque. There's an interesting salad that sounded good, too.
It's a simple formula, executed well.  Soft fresh buttery toasted bread. Fresh chunks of meat, not shredded. We added half of a cold lobster tail with hot lemon butter, which helps set the tone. The lemon butter warms the lobster tail but also can be added to the rolls, if you like it extra buttery.
Recommended if you want a good buttery seafood roll, but don't ask to substitute the lobster with carne asada and the roll with a tortilla.I ordered a taste of Maine which are fresh and delicious. The sauce is great too. You can also enjoy the soda and chips there.menu was scarce, proportions were too small for the money that  you are spending. Was a bit disappointed seeing that I drove almost 2 hours for a tiny sandwich. I think the menu DEFINITELY has to expand.What a great find in the heart of Philadelphia!  If you didn't know to look for it, you may miss it. 
 You have to walk down a couple stairs to entire this little rustic lobster shop.  Wood and metal tables and chairs and barstools are spread around the shop, and nautical decor covers the walls. 
All of the staff were EXTREMELY friendly, relaxed, and eager to help, suggesting that I get "the Trio" since it was my first time there.  For $19 I got to try smaller versions of all 3 of their toasted rolls - 1 Lobster, 1 Shrimp, 1 Crabmeat.  They were all such delicious, high quality rolls, and were SO flavorful.  I only wish that I would have been hungry enough to also try one of the yummy looking soups!  I will absolutely be back when I'm back in Philly.很好吃，用料十足，感觉吃了一整只龙虾肉！！！
服务超级好！！！
朋友说这几天在美国吃到的最好吃的东西就是这家店！
因为饮料自取，拿可乐的时候柜子被卡住，险些把整个弄倒，服务员并没有任何责怪，着实感谢！！！
我想，如果呆得久，建议多去几次！！Prices seem a little high but the food quality and quantity is good! Had the noahs ark, the crab and lobster rolls are the best! The bread is toasted perfectly and buttery. The shrimp was good too, but we definitely preferred the lobster and crab.Found out about this place on Yelp. I'm very glad I did. Trotted out the old wifey for lunch today and hit this spot up for the lobster rolls. The best I've ever had!!! 
Crazy chock-full-o chilled lobster with a still warm perfectly toasted roll. At $15, the price is right too. I'm not a pickle fan, but I even enjoyed the pickle on the side.So so so so delicious! We had Noah's ark and clam chowder. The lobster roll, shrimp roll and crab roll are heavenly taste~ Environment is also nice~Strongly recommended!!This is absolutely my favorite place when I land in the city! Best lobster I have had yet--- worldwide! They look small but are completely filled with fresh lobster and are very filling. I have tried to have the lobster bisque with the combo but it's too much food (for me!) 
Very chilled, laid back atmosphere but super friendly staff! I could eat here 3 times a day- yup it's that good! 
Note I have only tried the lobster roll and lobster bisque, but have been here at least a dozen times- why stray from a good thing??!!My husband and I were looking for a new place to try so we discovered Luke's Lobster, thanks to a Yelp search in our area. Reading the reviews here first helped our decision making in advance and knew to order extra food because we were starving. We ordered the Noah's Ark combo, along with 2 small cups of soup (the New England clam chowder and the spicy crab bisque). 
Everything was fresh and flavorful. The rolls themselves are small but the amount of seafood is pretty filling. My husband found a stray piece lobster cartilage but fortunately, it was large enough to easily pick out. I would recommend going with the crab bisque if you're pairing it with something more substantial since the chowder is  hearty.
Would definitely go back and have, in fact, recommended it to a friend.Straight and to the point -  awesome seafood rolls made well and delivered to you quickly. 
BYOBPlace is just bad ass!  Brother and I had lunch here.  Both ordered the half of a lobster roll and home made clam chowder.  Amazing is simply the term to use.  Also tried the lemon lime soda, which was also amazing.  Place is pretty small so it started to fill up pretty fast with the lunch town rush, however they have bar type seating overlooking the wall and windows.Found this place on Instagram 6 months before moving in the area and was very excited to try it. My dad and I got the crab roll and lobster roll and Lobster bisque. The rolls were served cold. That was a surprise but I guess that's how they do it on the east coast. The rolls were very very small too. The lobster bisque was my favorite. Don't skip out on it!It's expensive and not huge but very fresh and delicious.  We ate the lobst-ah roll and clam chowd-ah.  Roll was by far the crowd favorite.  Cozy seating area.  If you want to bring a stroller down in here, you'll have to squat lift it down some seriously steep stairs.  If you are disabled, fuhgettabout it!Good solid lobster roll for reasonable price of $14.  Casual and cozy place.  The option of $5 more for a combo with pickle and chips or cold slaw is nice, the combination is good.  Look forward to try shrimp and crab here next time.Got the sampler, for a first timer I would highly recommend it. No fillers in any of the rolls, all meat. Coleslaw didn't have any flavor, so I'd opt for chips next time.Let me start out- I am highly critical of what I eat.  I read the reviews but was still skeptical until I ate here. Absolutely amazing. Savored every single bite of everything.  Lobster Roll A+ The clam chowder- I could eat a quart of it. Not to mention the craft soda's. Thanks for a great experience. You have a customer for life.My favorite lobster roll ever, and Ive tried the rolls in Maine as well. The key is the buttery roll! Def on the pricier side, but most lobster rolls are and the taste is worth it. I usually always have 2 when I go. Put some sriracha on top if you want a little kick. 
They also have a variety of Maine Root drinks that are delicious! We always get the blueberry flavor.Not worth the price. I have been to several lobster shacks in the northeast area.  This pails by comparison.  The food was acceptable but very expensive for what you get.My first and only lobster was from here haha. It was very tasty and good but a little pricy for a small sandwich, but reasonable at the same time (I guess) because lobster is very expensive in general. If you've never had lobster roll before or if you looking to eat seafood roll, then I would def recommend trying out this place!! :)I've eaten my share of lobster rolls in and out of Maine and I have to say that this place gets it quite right!
Expensive but worth it.I'm a Maineiac that works in center city, and Luke's is the closest I've felt to Maine in all of Philly. Their rolls are simple and generously filled and the location is modest and comfortable. For anyone who isn't familiar with how pricey it is to serve great lobster rolls (and similar) outside of Maine: Luke's fare is definitely worth their prices.Great Lobster Roll! The crunchy, buttery roll was the perfect texture and flavor to compliment the natural sweetness of the lobster. Not a huge coleslaw fan normally, but again this was a perfect accompaniment.Lunch was delicious: lobster roll and New England style clam chowder! Very fresh tasting I like my clam chowder a little thicker, it was flavored deliciously.  Lobster roll also delicious I like a little mayonnaise and chives in mine without it - it was still superb. ENJOY! I will returnWow this place was amazing. Hard to find, I walked right by because you have to walk down steps to get in. 
I had the crab sandwich and it was every bite amazing!! 
And even though the location I went to didn't have microbrews, I was able to go around the corner and grab a beer to come back and drink with my sandwich.I've been dying to come to this location for quite some time now. I first had a lobster roll from the Luke's food truck at the Hammonton food truck festival (I think it is the same company). For my Birthday I decided that this would be a great time to give this place a try. Took the train in and got off at 15 & Locust and it was a short 5 minute walk from the station to Luke's. Very Convenient. Ordered a lobster roll and clam chowder and was more impressed with this Roll than the food trucks. The bread was a dream and they really didn't skimp on the lobster meat. Great big chunks. The chowder was good, nothing crazy good but I'd get it again. The dining area I really liked, dark and quiet with tables and chair as well as bar seating by the window. I have been tempted ever since to come back real soon. Prices are excellent for what you get. Service is super friendly as well. Give this place a try for sure. Great lunch place.
*Ask for a Pickle : }Simple menu, fresh food. I got the Wild Blue Salad with the lobster/shrimp/crab trio. It had fresh vegetables, white beans, and the sweetest little blueberries I've ever had! Every bite was delicious. I was concerned that it wouldn't fill me up because I was HUNGRY, but not only am I full, I feel like I had a fresh, healthy and extremely satisfying meal. Everything was purposefully sourced and I will definitely be back!Luke if I had the possibility on yelp, this is the first review where I would be asking for 1/2 star. My real rating for you would be 3.5 stars if I was able to give you that added extra bonus. Overall, I will say for seafood in Philly, by far you are the best lobster roll that I've had in town. Unfortunately for you, I just have very high standards when it comes to lobster rolls, since I've been blessed to travel to New England quite often for work. The roll itself just loses points in my book for the overall cost ($17) and the small portion size in return. I know you have extra costs from business standpoint with sourcing and keeping strong to your Maine roots in such a sustainable way with good causes. Sincere kudos, however, its hard to pay that much money and still feel quite hungry afterwards. 
For those in town trying to fulfill your lobster needs and don't care about the high price tag for a smaller portion size, then Luke's is the spot to visit.This will be short and to the point... the lobster roll was absolutely amazing... I could have eaten 5 of them.. if you're in the area you must try!!!This place was rock solid good!! The staff was helpful picking items out and it's a cozy little spot to just hang and enjoy your food.  I loved it!!!Short and sweet, like the lobster rolls. Absolutely delicious and the best priced rolls in the city.Their lobster roll is where it's at!  It's so flavorful and fresh...no globs of mayo in this roll!  Just a little seasoning and a buttered crispy roll that really lets the lobster shine.  The roll is a bit tiny and for $15 it makes your wallet a little sad, but if you're looking to splurge, then go for it.  You won't regret it.  There's definitely a ton of lobster on the sandwich so all in all $15 isn't a bad price. Their sodas are yummy too as well as the kettle cooked chips.  I've also had the shrimp roll, but the lobster roll is better.Everything is good here. It's a nice little dive in Rittenhouse square with some of the best lobster and shrimp rolls I've ever had!OMG! Soooo good. I'm from the west coast and find it hard on the east to locate seafood that is fresh and easy to eat. Luke's is that the lobster roll is amazing, convenient, and fast. This spot rocks!Le parfait exemple de plats américains, excellents rolls de homard. Certes c'est un "sandwich" mais la quantité est tout à fait appropriée et surtout, c'est simple et très bon. 
Accompagné de frittes ou - encore mieux - de grilled cheese, un régal pas très diététique mais qui vaut vraiment le détour.Can I just say that I don't even like seafood that much, but Luke's Lobster was amazing!
I was afraid there would be too much mayo, so I decided to get a drink too... turns out the drink was meh, but the crab roll was excellent! The meat tastes fresh and flavorful, and there's quite a bit of it, relative to the bun. Just go in knowing that the roll itself isn't too big, even though it's $13-15! (And the half-rolls look downright puny, even in the Taste of Maine combo.) The bread was the surprising part! I don't know what they do (is it butter?), but it's amazing. If I could, I would just buy the bread and eat it for breakfast or with my own grilled cheese.
I didn't have any issues with the staff. There was barely anyone there when my friends and I went, so I was surprised our food took 10 minutes or so, but we were also hungry. I came for dinner, but next time I'll come back for a light lunch and hopefully feel full afterwards!I've tried the rolls a few times and have never been disappointed. The crab claws and clam chowder are also fantastic. The thing is.... it hurts my heart to pay this much for food and still be hungry afterwords. I fully understand that you're paying for quality, not quantity, but this fat kid could eat like 5 lobster rolls in one sitting. So one is more of a snack for me. Other than that, which is probably a personal problem that I should seek professional help for, I have no complaints. Definitely worth it for a once-in-a-while indulgence.OK so this was one of my wife and I's favorite stops in Philly. We were hesitant to eat here because it was a chain (and sometimes their quality is not as good as local places) and because we have never had a lobster roll. Let me tell you that we are so glad we went. First off be prepared to pay more than what you would for an average lunch, but it is worth it! 
Ok so the food was amazing! We ordered 1 lobster roll, 1 crab roll, 2 clam chowder soups, and some lemonade. First off the lemonade is bottled and it is amazing just try it :) 
The soup was out of this world we saved it for a late night snack and it was amazing again. It has clam's in pretty much every bite, the flavor was perfect, the soup was creamy and just the perfect temperature. The lobster roll had these large pieces of meat, just the perfect amount of butter, and they were so fresh. The crab roll was my favorite, the meat was so sweet and the flavor of the butter and the sweetness of the crab made it melt in your mouth. 
If your looking for this place it is in the basement part of the building so  you won't see it easily. We parked two blocks away and walked to it. It is simply decorated, very cozy, and the staff was fantastic. The GM Kristin was really awesome she took time out of her break to talk to us, make us feel welcome, and she really made our visit. 
Do not miss out on this amazing food!I've always been a big fan of lobster, particularly Maine lobster. Luke's has the atmosphere down - it definitely feels like a bit of Maine right in Center City Philly. 
I split the meant-to-share Noah's Ark with a friend after seeing many recommendations (2 half lobster rolls, 2 half crab rolls, 2 half shrimp rolls, with chips and a drink), and I was honestly taken aback at how small the portions were. The rolls are all served cold, too, which seemed odd. 
Overall, the meal was pretty good quality, but I left hungry after spending about $25. This place gets three stars from me.If you want a delicious Maine lobster roll, this is the place to be! 
The lobster rolls just melt in your mouth and the staff sure provides a friendly atmosphere.
The lobster rolls are kind of up there when it comes to the price (i get it, it's lobster, but damn) but it's delicious!I give my highest marks as one of the best lunches I ever ate...and the most expensive.   I ordered a Lobster Roll Combo and New England clam chowder.
You get what you pay for...and I GOT IT ALL...I am confident that you will too.  ENJOY!
The only thing to better the experience would be an ocean view!Walking around in the freezing cold looking for a snack. Decided to stop here to try it out. 
The restaurant was super cute, with wooden tables. I ordered the lobster roll and it was AMAZING!! Nice buttery toasted roll filled to the brim with yummy sweet lobster. I may go back and get another!!!It was alright but 2 tiny lobster sandwiches came out to 37 bucks. It's way over-hyped and no where near worth spending that much for so little.This review is for their crab roll. I wanted to get the lobster but decided to be different go for the crab, bad mistake. Crab meat were thinly shredded which I hate. I like big chunks of meat to taste it more. Lobster roll I had in NY ten times better bc they have large chunks of meat . In the future I'm sticking w lobster and so should youThe space is small, but the food is excellent. Make sure to grab a drink from the back of the fridge, they restock a lot and the front ones can be warm. Super friendly staff!This beautiful day in Philly called for a lobster roll. I previously came by for a lobster roll and decided it was amazing and not enough. So I opted for the Taste of Maine. Ate it 100% all by myself. No regrets. Every part of it was delicious. Great portions, so delicious, soooo fresh, soooooo worth the price. Staff was great too, food came out super quick. Perfect for if you're on a quick lunch break.Everytime I am in Philly, I ordered from Luke's Lobster. I usually stay at the Sonesta Hotel and they deliver. You usually have to call the place a few times before someone picks up the phone, but I reckon it's a little hiccup I can take for some good lobster rolls and crab rolls. 
Now on to the rolls.. they do not skimp on the lobster or the crab. I prefer the crab roll myself over the lobster roll, but you can't lose with either one. But yea, the bread might look small but two of these bad boys will fill you up. Highly recommended!Phenomenal lobster rolls!  The spices were fantastic, even the bread was super fresh. Nice vibes, great and friendly staff. Loved it!Went to go try Luke's for the first time and was greeted with welcoming faces. The service was great and very welcoming. I decided to get a lobster roll and a crab roll. They were really good but not filling at all. So over all, spending about 40, it felt more like a snack. And i know seafood is expensive from working in a seafood restaurant myself, so I'm not complaining.  It was classic and most enjoyable Maine lobster roll! But if you're looking for a cheap and fillable eat, i wouldn't recommend lukes