Ate breakfast here both days of our visit. The menu is creative and the food is perfection. The staff is attentive and make dining here a true pleasure. It is small and intimate inside and I can't wait to visit Philly again so I can have breakfast at Luna Cafe!!!Walked over here from our hotel and VERY happy that we did.  The four of us ordered different menu items and all were spectacular.  My breakfast sandwich was literally the best I've ever had.  The eggs were done to perfection and I can't get over how yummy the sausage was!  
Great server, very friendly and attentive.  Thank you Sarah.  
We loved it and would recommend to anyone!!
The easiest 5 star review in quite a while.Fast to get seated, but after that, we were waiting a while for water and to order. My sister asked if one particular dish was vegan. The server replied, "The ingredients are listed. Wouldn't you know better than me?" Perhaps. Perhaps not, if you cook your food in butter? Not vegan. After ordering,it was evident the place could have benefited from a food runner. Too few girls trying to do too much at once. People kept showing up, making everyone's wait time a little longer, since the two girls were doing it all. One customer came and asked about a large table outside. The server alerted her that the table outside was leaving and asked if she wouldn't mind taking them their bill. Excuse me?! Nonetheless, entertaining, if you have time to kill. Food was decent. Not a lot of flavor, but do-able after a long red eye flight.I have been to Luna Cafe many times for their quinoa bowls, however, today I found a NAIL inside my southwest quinoa bowl. It was IN my mouth! I walked back to show them the nail (I ordered it to go) All they said was "sorry" and didn't offer to give me my money back until I asked for it. I will not be going back to Luna Cafe ever again. Be aware!Very disappointing. Staff does not seem to want give even mediocre service, despite having a restaurant that is not busy. 
Food was a little pricy, but considering that you will wait an hour for your food, at least you'll get a lot for your money. 
Biscuits and gravy were very watery. Skip this place.Staying with friends in old city, are here twice thus far. Service is top notch, smiles and politeness. Food was outstanding. Breakfast can be overdone, but they offer classics and modern takes on said classics that are danged tasty. Had the chicken and waffles the first time, and the biscuits and gravy with turkey bacon the next. Coffee both times was great. Food was great. People are wonderful!Went here for brunch before leaving Philly. Amazing. Latte was good! Breakfast was delicious...I had the lumberjack and my boyfriend had the chicken and waffles. Both were delicious!!!As visitors in town for a few days, I went here with a couple of my friends for brunch. I ordered chocolate chip pancakes with bacon, one friend got The Lumberjack, and the other friend got a buffalo chicken wrap with sweet potato fries. (Only have pics of The Lumberjack because the rest of us were kinda underwhelmed and didn't think to take a pic.) Fries and pancakes for both orders were over cooked/burnt. Sausage for The Lumberjack was a little underdone. The food was just okay. CASH ONLY, which was kind of a drag, but there's an ATM inside (with a $2.75 surcharge for withdrawals, on top of whatever your bank charges for non-branch ATM transactions).Very expensive for way below average food ($13 burger that tasted like McDonalds) tiny $4 mac and cheese absolutely disgusting; service not good either. We paid $40 for one ice coffee, one quesadilla and one burger with mac and cheese on the side. No refills on coffee either. Service didn't bring ketchup or sugar. AND on tope of that is cash only! Go somewhere else on Market St.If you are in the market street area, this is a great place for a brunch... I have tried the omelette any style and coffee... Love it...I had an appalling experience. The first time I went after the grand opening, the portions were too small. I decided to give it another shot and went in today for breakfast. After been seated, I was ignored by the waitresses till I walked up to the counter to ask about ordering. When one finally strolled up, turned out I hadn't even been handed the menu. This was 20 minutes in. I was given one and then abandoned again. I eventually walked out and went across the street to high street restaurant. What a messy and annoying little place.Great food and atmosphere! The hummus, home-made brownies and grapefruit crush mixer were amazing. Highly recommend.Omg best breakfast I have had in awhile!! The biscuit and gravy was AMAZING!! Apple French toast killer! Found my new brunch spot!!I tried this place again but I got a burned meal. Who does that. I mean crispy. I saw the cashier wrap it so I know she saw it as did whomever cooked it.Açaí Bowl was water with chunks of ice and some fruit on top, hostess and server were both pretty rude.The staff is gracious and the spot is beautiful. Best coffee in a competitive block of cafes. A great place to grab lunch after a day of sight seeing with the fam.The worst experience ever! Food was horrible and service was worse! I won't recommend this restaurant to anyone!!! Don't bother!Such a great Old City find! My friends and I discovered it as we were traversing through Old City one weekend afternoon and were not disappointed. It's a tiny little place but has a solid selection with many tasty options to choose from.I'm not sure why they recently decided to switch to CASH ONLY, but there are dozens of better options in this neighborhood that won't force you to run to an ATM. As for the food, the biscuits and gravy were incredibly heavy. I'm a big guy and I couldn't even finish 1/3 of my plate. The biscuits were about as dense and tasteless as I've ever had. Very disappointing. The service was okay, but they never seem to pay as much attention to the outdoor tables, which make up half of their seating. Prices are average for the area. Brunch for two came out to around $30. All in all, not worth a repeat trip.Great breakfast place! It's a quaint breakfast place in the heart of old city. The breakfast bowl was refreshing and the pumpkin French toast was decadent. We will be back!The food was really good. My pancakes were a little burnt but I scraped that off.  The only reason I didn't give this place five stars was because of other factors. They were a bit expensive. They only take cash and the table I was sitting at was wobbly. I looked around and all the tables had wads of paper underneath them. That can get annoying and nerve racking especially if you have drinks on the table.Philadelphia has a bagel problem. Or perhaps I have the bagel problem. No matter, they are two sides of the same coin. But the bottom line is that excepting Philly Style Bagels, Good Karma, Spread, and South Street Bagels, most random cafes and fooderies have terrible, frozen, effectively inedible lumps of stale bread they call a "bagel". 
Even with this backdrop, I had high hopes that Luna would have taken their bagelry seriously, given the charming-ish setup. But instead I received a half frozen, rock hard block of loaf with nary enough cream cheese to dent my formidable tastebuds. 
It's a weird thing us victims do, we start to blame ourselves - "my expectations are too high" "it's early in the morning, nobody can be expected to properly serve food at 7:30 AM on a weekday", and other lame excuses meant to misdirect accountability. This self-blaming manifesting as generosity explains 3 stars instead of 2 (of 1).Great little neighborhood gem! It's quaint. The waitresses were attentive. The prices appropriate. And the food was sublime! I had the Cornbread Eggs Jefferson--an inventive take on the eggs Benedict (as Benedict was a traitor as so it's been renamed). First off what a great combination with the cornbread! A little sweet with savory--ham and eggs on top with a perfectly baked cornbread and doused in some sort of sweet jam! Forget the hollandaise, this was inventive Benedict heaven. 
My boyfriend had the Desayuno, a breakfast wrap filled with pulled pork, potatoes, eggs, and some sort of magic because it was so tasty, no sentence could justify its description. I suggest trying it yourself! It's spicy, it's savory, the portion was generous, and it is as my boyfriend described "the best breakfast he's had...ever."
We also ordered a stack of pumpkin chocolate pancakes which I wanted to so deeply love but the pancakes were burnt on the outside due to the fact that it was so thin...despite it being burnt it was still delicious. If it wasn't burnt it would've been phenomenal. 
Luna Cafe is definitely going to be one our go to places for brunch! Glad it's around the corner and since it's so new--has yet to be crowded. I kind of don't even want to tell people about it so this place doesn't get packed!I was surprised to see this place packed on a rainy Monday morning. I got a bar seat all the way in the back of the restaurant. It definitely has a coffee shop feel to it. 
The service was fast and the staff were easy going and friendly.
I had the Fried Chicken and Waffles. The chicken looked very crispy so was concerned it might be dry however it was moist! What a relief! The white maple gravy wasn't too sweet which I liked. It was a hearty meal. 
One thing I was turned off by was that they only take cash!! They do have an ATM inside but why in 2018? It such an inconvenience especially if you're just grabbing breakfast. Thankfully I had cash. 
Overall, it's a cute place with good food. Go with cash on hand!The brunch is amazing.... The breakfast sandwich is my favorite. Avocado egg bacon on a bagel. I've also had the eggs Benedict type thing on the menu and it's delicious. It comes on top of cornbread and is filling. I love it here!! Only con is you never know what type of seating will be open as its small in there.I want to go back to Philadelphia just to eat here again. It was like eating breakfast at a French restaurant. French toast with fresh peaches and cream.. it's as luxurious as food can get. I had avocado toast with salmon. Unbelievably yummy stuff.
Cash only--important to know ahead of time!Both food and service were enjoyable; this cafe is quaint and a great spot to sit outside and enjoy a light lunch or brunch made with local ingredients. You can also byob and enjoy your bottle with house made mixers!Great place for breakfast.  Tacos were very good. Biscuits and gravy a winner on both counts:  sausage gravy reminded me of Mom's kitchen back home as did the biscuits. The rest of the menu looked interesting as well.We stopped by here for breakfast while in town for the weekend.  The breakfast place we originally wanted to go to wasn't opened so we found this place on yelp. I really wish I read the reviews. I got the fried chicken and waffle. It was very bland. The waffle was nothing special. The fried chicken wasn't seasoned at all and it tasted like they fried it in old oil. The service was just ok. Our waitress just did the minimum work. Took our orders and gave it to us. Came back around to give us our bill and that was it. It wasn't busy, yet so it was not like she was overly busy.Great place and had a cozy feel. Fun comments on the walls and friendly staff. Will come again!Amazing café to visit if you're in Philadelphia. The pancakes were amazing and the free refills on coffee were most definitely a lovely addition. 
The staff were very welcoming and helpful. Brought one of their own handmade mugs as well. 
If you're in Philadelphia I definitely recommend a visit.The food is wonderful but they are severly under staffed. They seemed to not care that a coworker and I  had to sit and wait 45 minutes for a to go order. I would go here daily but they can't serve the customers who are already there. what a wasteAwesome, awesome! Walked in and was warmly greeted by a very nice smiling young lady.  She recommended the breakfast bowl with bacon.  What a choice and it was very healthy.  Definitely would recommend as a place to stop.So. Many things were terrible. 
1. We walked in and the hostess asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside. We agreed we would prefer inside. We saw an available table, so why not? The host replied that will be a wait. We were starving, so we agreed to eat outside. 
2. The table was dirty. I'm not a snob or a neat freak, but cmon, there was cream left on the table from a previous party. 
3. There were bees everywhere. Seriously. It was so bad that I had to tell the hostess that we needed to sit inside. She basically told me all the seats were taken and rolled her eyes at me. I saw other tables trying to move and swatting bees away too. 
4. So, we order and I ask for the sweet potato bowl. During this time, me and my sister had to leave because we were a little freaked out by the bees. My fiancé called to let us know the food was there. Except my food was not. 
5. I'm waiting for my food, and realize by this point the rest of the party was finishing their dishes. The. They brought my dish. It was two pieces of cauliflower and two pieces of broccoli and some shredded carrots on a bed of quinoa. 
6. I was starving by this point, but I didn't want to eat what was served to me. My sister had to give me half of half of her sandwich so I didn't stab anyone. The waitress did not check in once and was no where to be found. 
So, if you're a trendy and hungry tourist, just go somewhere else.We were really excited to come to Luna Cafe! But sadly it wasn't that great! Service wasn't good at all had to go inside for refills on coffee and silverware. Are food came out wrong and no one ever came out to see if there was any issues. When we went to pay we asked for separate checks but was told they didn't do that and since its cash only we can just split it ourselves. Over all not a great experience! But the mugs are cute!Great little restaurant! For lunch I had an amazing tomato bisque (the soup of the day) and grilled cheese sandwich, and a cup of hot tea w milk.  Great service and environment.  Need to return for dinner sometime.Had the French toast with apples and whipped cream, Along with service with a smile. It was fantastic!Happened upon this while doing the tourist thing and looking for a cute, local cafe. This fit the bill. Classic cafe cozy with outdoor seating. I ordered the BLT with arugula on sourdough and side salad. BLT was a good portion and the bacon was thick, tomatoes fresh, and bread crisped just right. All were in a good proportion so no one element stood out.
Side salad was larger than I expected, with all fresh produce with mixed greens, and just a light vinaigrette. All delicious, and worth the price. I would definitely come back here or recommend it. Exactly the type of place I like to find when visiting a city.This place is super cute and I am eager to come dine-in when I have the time. I have only gotten take-out so far and while it was good, I'm not in a rush to return.
Upon entering, I read the "cash only" sign and almost turned around to walk out. Seriously, having a cash only establishment these days is not appealing to customers. I mean, people pay with for things with their iPhones - cash is old news. I sucked up the $2.75 ATM fee though mainly because I was starving and going to be late to work. 
The menu is rather unique and the breakfast bowl I had was delicious, but pretty expensive at $8.00 (and that did not include any meat). 
On the plus side, the mugs are super cute. If they sold them, I'd probably buy one!We walked in for brunch and were refused service, despite an open table. Will not come back.I had the pleasure of dining at Luna Cafe on Wednesday evening before the theater. I enjoyed the Greed Salad and the Salmon both were delicious and fresh.  My girlfriend order the Lemon Chicken and Kale & Quinoa salad, healthy portions and very tasty. For dessert we order the carrot cake & brownie and shared both, yummy!! We will make this our go to restaurant in Old City....  FYI.....Free parking in Old City after 5pm on Wednesday !! Found out by accident from a meter person, this is good to know.Problems with the coffee maker is an issue for breakfast patrons. Not good. Pancakes with "Lunaberries" was good. Homemade sausage patties was surprisingly good.  Cornbread was very dry and service slow.  Eggs Jefferson with eggs, bacon, cornbread and a hollandaise was good.Really good food! Loved the chicken and waffles and the omelets were super most and delicious.   It's a very hipster cafe but also serves all the good comfort foods. Only downer is they're cash only.It costs $3 extra to substitute scrambled tofu for eggs, which is just ridiculous. I ordered the Big Green, which was described as scrambled tofu with veggies and cost $12. I don't eat much and was hoping to be able to stretch it for two meals. The dish came with *maybe* 3 tablespoons worth of scrambled tofu. I ate the whole thing and left hungry. It was a ripoff.The space was really lovely. I had the caprese pesto sandwich. It was HUGE. The bread to cheese ratio didn't work for me unfortunately.One of the few places that opens at 7 AM in the Independence Mall area during the week. Their menu has something for everyone. A lot of healthy options as well as other preferences.Quaint little cafe right along Market Street in Old City. Hostess/servers were friendly, food was delicious, and the portions were just right.Stopped here for Saturday brunch and had the biscuits and sausage gravy and a green juice. I am glad to have eaten here.
The service was not only prompt and professional but was also warm and friendly. - an extension of the owner, I'm sure.
The homemade biscuits had a nice light texture and their flavor complimented the gravy. This comes with two eggs. The green juice (a kale, spinach and fruit smoothie) was just sweet enough, thick but still strawable.
The menu provided enough different choices that I'm encouraged to return and try them all.
What was truly remarkable to me was how every customer was made to feel welcome.Went here to grab a bite for dinner with my girlfriend, and it was okay at best. The place has a quiet and relaxing atmosphere. The waitress was nice and was very attentive toward us, so the service was decent. The food was nothing spectacular, but nothing awful. The Craisin Turkey sandwich was decent, and I did like the craisin spread. The salad on the side did have a funny aftertaste, so that left a lot to be desired. I don't think I would go out of my way to grab dinner, but maybe come in for a coffee and pastry.Great little cafe! Potatoes were probably the best I've ever had. Coffee and rye toast were good too. Bacon was all fat though, pretty much inedible. Live music was starting around time we left. I will definitely go back. Cash only too!!!An absolutely lovely experience in every way. At noon on a Sunday, only waited 10 minutes for a table on a comfy couch. 
Cozy atmosphere with a performer playing ukulele. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and my boyfriend had coffee in the most charming mug (i'll wait until next time for this, but they sell them for $25) and The Lumberjack, which was layered egg, sausage, pancake, and maple aioli. My Huevos (3 separate ones!) were some of the best I've ever had, with a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg and cilantro aioli. 
Lots of vegetarian and vegan options. Attentive and kind servers. Only downside is cash only. I will certainly be back again... And again...Great place to eat breakfast. Good coffee. Didn't feel uncomfortable as a solo traveler. The menu has a ton of different options including seasonal specials.Wonderful layout, super friendly staff! Sarah has created an ambiance and menu to rival many prominent restaurants in Philly and New York! For a healthy portion of extremely healthy cuisine, provided by local farmers freshness - it's worth a visit! There support of local artists is also great, with art and sculptures on display. Highly recommend the signature desert! Kale and Quinoa with Salmon is excellent.  Had the Pulled Pork Quesadilla, and Birch Beer soda..I was staying at the Wyndham around the corner. I wanted to get a nice breakfast. I fell upon this place and after reading some reviews thought this would be the place. First impression, it had this cool hipster feel of an upscale coffee house. Seemed promising enough. I was offered to sit down, I ordered some coffee at first, that the waitress brought with no milk. No big deal, I asked when I ordered my meal. I got the 2 plus 2 plus 2. Eggs, a sausage patty, potatoes and wheat toast. I ordered my eggs over easy as I always do. The potatoes were nice and crispy, a bit over salted but that's just my taste. The sausage patty was good, not gonna lie. The eggs though. They were not over easy or over medium they were over hard. So that wonderful runny yolk you expect was not there. Total letdown. The waitress seemed disinterested in her interactions with all the customers. She didn't ask if I wanted more coffee as it got cold. I guess to make people feel comfortable they dress in street clothes, which is cool I guess, but it just comes off as rolled outta bed and came to work. This place I'm sure does well, location location location. There are some things it does well, but not being able to cook an over easy egg is blasphemy.This place is awesome!!! The food and service was amazing! Servers are very friendly and attentive! It's a very chill vibe! We are from Mass and found the reviews on Yelp very helpful! We are very happy with the choice! I would highly recommend Luna to everyone that come to Philly!First time at Luna Cafe- the breakfast was very good! I got the Lumberjack which was essentially a breakfast sandwich between two small pancakes. Also had great coffee. The atmosphere was everything you want in a small breakfast cafe. Cozy, warm, and the service was fast. Will definitely be back!Great spot close to our hotel. It's very cozy and charming, and the food was pretty good too. Right off the main drag, two blocks away from the big tourist attractions.GREAT place for breakfast!! The wait can be long, so we tend to call in and pick up. But the atmosphere is awesome there! Get there early....or late.Cute place, great food, perfect spot for a quick casual cozy brunch with your loved ones. Definitely recommend. 5 stars.Food was ok. Coffee was good. It's cash only!! The service wasn't exemplary. It was pretty empty and we didn't get a refill on any drinks. I was trying to get her attention to ask about some salsa and ask for more coffee, but I just gave up. If service was better I would consider going back. Overall it was ok.Was happy to find an all day breakfast place close to home. Food is great, wait staff is friendly, love their coffee.Best new restaurant in Old City. Latkes and burgers were excellent. Friendly, warm, modern ambience.A very sweet little place that feels new and perhaps overlooked (or undiscovered?) by the multitudes. The breakfast burrito was perfectly spiced and amply proportioned.  The breakfast menu has plenty of healthy and local items. The juices looked absolutely tantalizing. I think this place could improve on their timing (getting everyone's beverages out at the same time, etc., but it's only a matter of time before they're a 4-star because the quality of the food is excellent).This place looked cute from the outside so we decided to luncheon here. The server wasn't too good, never refilled water, never checked to see how everything was and only greeted us and handed us the check at the end. However, the Desayuno wrap was delicious and the 2X2X2X was as expected. Also side note, the OJ was $4 for a 6 oz glass (not sure if refills) but I felt that was overpriced but maybe that's the norm in Philly.My neighbor and I decided to try this newer local restaurant.  We are always eager to support places in our neighborhood.  Mistake!!!  I think we left more than we ate.  I really never went to a restaurant where a grilled cheese sandwich was almost inedible until I ordered it at Luna Cafe.  The bread tasted old and the one piece of cheese on the bread did not add any flavor to it.  The wrap was fair and expensive for what we got.  Because we rarely judge a restaurant after a first visit, we decided to share our concerns with the waitress.  That went nowhere as well.  My advice...if you want a delicious meal at a fair price with excellent service...go across the street to High Street and enjoy!!!!Pick up breakfast to go, food were hot, very light, taste good. Staff is friendly and helpful. You must know they only accept cash. No credit card, but they have a ATM inside the restaurantI liked this restaurant. Lots of interesting choices. Loved the quinoa portobello and pesto bowl. Also the chicken Caesar salad.  Sweet potato fries were a little soggy but I would go back. Service was fine.I was a little disappointed. The food was bland and had no flavor. They said their biscuits were homemade but, they served me a cold biscuit. The staff was very friendly and kind.It was okay. I had breakfast this morning and had a build your own omelette with avocado, mushrooms and tomatoes. I paired it with fruit, but I didn't eat the bread. It was a nice morning, so I sat outside. It's great that they have outside seating, but parking can be a challenge. I had a peppermint tea, but my server didn't refill my hot water. Service was just okay I guess.Delicious frittata with zucchini red pepper and feta. Served woth multi grain bread and potatoes. Fast friendly serviceDisappointing. 2 orders of avocado toast, one cup of coffee, side order of mini pancakes, side of turkey bacon.  $42 dollars with tip.  Cash only and they charge $3 atm fee.  avocado toast had almost no avocado and paper thin slice of tomato.  The food is below average and expensive.  There are several great places for brunch in old city and this isn't one of them.  i won't return.Enjoyed a very nice breakfast here last Sunday. I loved my Philly Muffin!! My husband ordered the breakfast tacos. He thought the filling was tasty. I enjoyed the coffee too! I had a delicious latte. However, my husband wasn't thrilled with the regular, drip coffee. Staff was very friendly. I would definitely stop in here again the next time I'm in town.Had good reviews and we were excited to try but the service was lacking, many things were forgotten (butter for toast, cream for coffee). Eggs were runny. Toast came 15 minutes after main dish. Never refilled the coffee. Pancakes were raw in the middle. Was total chaos inside.  The ambience was cool though. Probably most of it because of how busy they were. Feedback given was not well received (no sense of customer service/trying to accommodate or even really acknowledging the concerns) and comp for eggs only given grudgingly.   Originally review was 1 star but I think maybe just having an off meal during a busy service. Coffee was good, potatoes were good, avocado toast was good. I wouldn't go back personally after the awkward exchange we had with the manager but I wouldn't totally write the place off either - maybe just don't go during peak time and don't expect any accommodation if you're honest about any issues with the food.Had a pretty poor experience here. We showed up and asked if the tables were taken so knew there would be a wait which is totally fine until the hostess began to seat parties that arrived after us. When we asked them about it, they told us we would still have to wait.Loved this place!  Went during lunch but my kids ordered french toast (delicious!) and nutella toast (delicious!) I had an amazing iced coffee (ok, I had nutella toast too).  Our server was the sweetest young woman and she just added to our great experience. Atmosphere is quaint and comfortable - you can sit outside.  Cash only. We will eat here every time we are in the area.Great place to have brunch! Break was amazing we ordered the huevos rancheros and the chicken and waffles very good choices!!! Staff was very friendly and informative will come back again!!  I didn't give it 5 stars because they don't serve alcohol (mimosas/bloody Mary's)I'd been craving good pancakes for ages, so I set on a long city hike on Sunday morning from Fishtown to Old City to find the perfect place- a place that wasn't too busy, wasn't too expensive, and, of course, had pancakes. Just as I was about to give up and get a breakfast sandy from Wawa, I noticed the little sidewalk sign for Luna Café. Though small and busy, I noticed a table leaving, so I decided to take the plunge.
I was riding solo and dining-in (apparently take-out is a thing here). They asked if I wanted to sit at the bar in the back. I was shocked, given the size of the small front dining area, that Luna Café had a bar, but hey? Why not? Well, to my surprise the bar what not remotely what I expected. It was small bar, more of a shelf really, lining a narrow passageway to an emergency exit/ cleaning closet. It was completely secluded and separate from the rest of the café, and I was the only one back there. I was a little confused, because when I walked in, there was a small table for two at the front. When I took my bar seat at the back, I almost felt like I was put there because I was ugly or something, hidden from the rest of the public. I'm used to dining alone, but I still enjoy the company of others. It was bizarre to be on the outside looking in, and I think the service staff nearly forgot me a handful of times.
Speaking of the service, it wasn't bad but it wasn't overly great either. I guess I was just a little salty about being sat, secluded by myself.
I ordered the pancakes ($10) with chocolate chips ($2 up charge), and a side of bacon ($3). The bacon was very greasy, and I would have liked it a bit crispier. Everyone has different bacon opinions though. The pancakes were chock-full of chips (see what I did there). They weren't super fluffy, but I could tell they were hot and homemade. They definitely satiated my cravings, though I think the $12 price tag is a little on the high end.
Luna Café has a cute little set-up for a quick morning bite, and it's located in the heart of Old City, walking distance from great sights and shops. It's about 100 steps from the 2nd and Market stop on the Market-Frankford Line, so public transport is your best bet in getting here. 
I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come here again. It was a pretty good meal, but the whole experience was rather forgettable.Luna Café is a cute, quaint restaurant specializing in breakfast brunch and lunch. It is nicely decorated with original wall art (for sale) by a local artist. We were waited on immediately and served our drinks within minutes. Indoor and outdoor seating options available. We ordered the biscuits and gravy and the Brioche Apple cinnamon French toast. Both were delicious. The apples on the French toast are soft and flavorful. The gravy is buttery and rich. We stayed at the Wyndham hotel just a block over and walked over in less than 5 minutes. Would recommend to anyone visiting Philly + free WiFi!This brand new spot on Market street is just what the neighborhood needs. 
From quick bites to inspired entrees, you can get it all at Luna Cafe. The decor is really nice too- a lot of hard work and love went into this place. 
Everyone here is really nice, the service is prompt and the coffee (Philly Fair Trade) is AMAZING!!!Food was absolutely delicious, staff was very nice, CASH ONLY so be prepared for that but it wasn't an issue (they have an ATM), atmosphere was very cute and an overall lovely experienceI came here for breakfast. Food is good, service can best be described as silly and chaotic.Pancakes were pretty, but under cooked and the ones that were cooked weren't great.
Eggs were overcooked.
Service was ok.we came to Luna Cafe on a Sunday (6/17/18) at noon, they sat us in a back secluded area right next to an ATM that customers frequently came up to us and used while we tried to enjoy food and conversation. The ATM is positioned so close to the table, that people who used it were barely inches away from our faces. Customers use this in-house ATM because this restaurant only accepts cash.
Another thing that made this experience unpleasant was that a cook was at a nearby table constantly banging the surface making bread and biscuits. needless to say, the food preparation isnt in a closed-off area (or completely confined to a kitchen), customers can walk right past some of the food being prepared out in the open, which is unsanitary
 Also, a fellow customer was quoted as saying the floor feels like walking on a trampoline. this is because a large section of the floor in this restaurant is unfinished. The food itself wasn't "great"; I cant remember the last time that I was so disgusted by "bacon" that i5 didnt want to finish eating it; they also don't carry any soda.Cozy little cafe off Market St. The inside was small and welcoming but wanted to enjoy that Philadelphia air and sun. We sat off next to the curbside by the street. 
Ambiance- the staff is friendly and attentive. They had a mild rush but everything came out fast. 
I had split the tuscan chicken wrap with my mom. The wrap was nice and toasty. Who new that such a simple wrap could be well put together? The tomato aioli was the greatest touch. It came with a salad made with a light vinaigrette. 
Inexpensive meal that we had split. A wrap and coffee. We were very satisfied with this little stop.Food was ok but extremely over priced. Besides Luna charging you for its lack of creativity and tasteless food, the service was horrible. No one checks on you and water needs to be asked for. Maybe I'll bring my camel pack next time I decide to sit outside.My wife and I were staying in Old City overnight, and wanted breakfast within walking distance from our hotel, that was more than just standard diner fare. We found the Luna Cafe, and wanted to try it based on the menu. The coffee is really flavorful, and a little on the bolder side, which my wife and I enjoyed. My wife ordered the 2X2X2, which was your pretty standard breakfast with eggs, potatoes, sausage, sourdough toast, and she really enjoyed it. I had the chicken and waffles with maple gravy, which was delicious! The food was fresh and didn't come from mass produced sources. We will definitely be coming back for breakfast again!Was visiting Philly for the day was there on a Sunday for Memorial weekend with my Bf, we were looking for breakfast and found this very cute breakfast, brunch & Lunch place. It's very busy fast pace place if your looking for low key and quiet place this is not it. All of the waitresses and waiters were very pleasant and happy even under the pressure of being super busy, every table was full and there was a steady flow of people coming in and out. The food was great fresh and full of taste.Had a great brunch here last weekend.  Hash browns were a little over fried for my taste (they kind of just tasted like the oil they were fried in), but otherwise, an excellent meal. My omelet was delicious and my husband's bacon was fantastic.  The toast was even toasted, which is a rare feat in this city.The only reason I wouldn't give them 5 starts is that my girlfriend usually orders an omelette with avocado and 2 out of 3 times they've forgotten the avocado. Other than that, the food is DELICIOUS. Highly recommend literally any of their specials or breakfast items.This place is my favorite cafe in the whole city.  I love the food, the place is so cute, and the staff are all really friendly and professional. I just love everything about this place so much!  My favorite thing from Luna Cafe are the mini banana pancakes, but the first time I came here I got the regular sized ones instead.  After finishing half of one pancake I got dizzy, all of a sudden my plate was illuminated by a bright light and for one instant my breakfast appeared tall beyond measurement, beautiful beyond enduring, terrible and worshipful. I imagined myself finishing the whole plate, "I will not be full" I thought,  "I will be stuffed tighter than the foundations of the Earth!"  And as I continued to eat the remaining pancakes, I loved them.  And I despaired.  Slowly the light faded and I laughed, "I passed the test" I said softly, "I will just go to work. I don't need to finish these."   So anyway, now I order the mini banana pancakes instead.Amazing. Everything is fresh and fast served. Great value for the service and food. It's rustic and the breakfast is homemade.ALLERGY FRIENDLY!!!!!!!!!
We ate breakfast here on one of our mornings. The food is fresh and the menu gives you a nice variety if you're not looking for the traditional bacon and eggs or pancakes, but they even have them too. My youngest child has a SEVERE dairy allergy and just like every other establishment we have ever eaten at, I made the server aware and had him make certain that he passed the message along to the kitchen. Breakfast went off without a hitch and everyone loved their food. We definitely will be visiting again on our next stay in Philly. FYI, this place is cash only.Very cute, cash only place with a fairly large menu! Loved the laid back atmosphere and very close to many historic sites. Their coffee and Breakfast Burrito were delicious and my friend would not stop raving about their large and filling Philly Muffin!So quaint and upbeat. Great food and delicious drinks. Very friendly and respectful staff. Definitely recommend to anyone.I had the breakfast burrito and it was excellent! The service was fast and friendly with a nice atmosphere. They are located a couple of blocks off the Market line, so it's very convenient!
What put them over is that I am a tea snob and the cup that they served was excellent! Bag in the water, right temperature and fresh honey! I will be eating many more breakfasts here when ever I'm in town.Funky little cafe that was the perfect respite in a cold blustery morning. Husband and I had breakfast sandwiches that were very big and very flavor packed. Kids had Choc chip pancakes that were a very large dinner plate sized stack of three. Food was served quickly and the single waitress was very attentive. I expect this place gets easily very crowded during higher pedestrian traffic but on this cold morning we had the place to ourselves. Delicious meal, highly recommendTrendy menu with many vegan options and locally sourced food.  Outdoor seating along with small dining room. Sweet potato fries were ok but appeared reheated. Good chicken sandwich. Decent lunch but nothing special.Really cute & small café. We sat inside but they offer outdoor seating as well. I got the peach french toast. The bread was slightly dry but still tasted alright. I really liked the coffee cups! Definitely want to come back to try something on their lunch menu!Amazing. Local and homemade. So many options for vegans. Love love love. 
Much off the menu appears to be home made and local - can't say enough good thingsLuna cafe is cute but it's a little hit or miss. I've had some decent meals and some oddly distributed proportioned meals. 
Staff is nice and attentive and the decor is cute. Nothing to shout about but a nice place to check out.Great small local joint. Walked over from our hotel for breakfast. Alittle crowded due to small seating area, but not really a concern. Really enjoyed the fruit parfait. *Fresh* and tasty! Great little cafe.The perfect small cafe to visit in old city. Very small but an excellent diverse menu and quick service. Highly recommend for coffee or a full on meal.Luna Cafe gets a barely passing grade. It's still the place I go to breakfast a lot because it is close by and service is fast and prompt and the food is  OK and inexpensive, other nearby restaurants open for breakfast are just plain terrible. Coffee is good, but a bit over roasted and strong, and you have to use the cheap cups with over-pasteurized cream instead of good half-and-half.
For some reason the Hobo platters even if they look like a mess on the plate, the way they fry the hash browns with the eggs and meat makes them taste a little better. The cooking is OK, but ingredients like the Italian sausage are bland and under seasoned and none of the items reach beyond standard breakfast food.
Parking can be problematic, but usually not a problem with my ultra compact car because I can fit in the narrow spaces nobody wants. I wouldn't want to find room for big car when they are busy.HAVE AGAIN: Breakfast tacos were very good, but too many: 3 tacos and 6 tortillas. Hot chocolate also very good. Nice place.Total tourist trap. Horrible food, bad service and overpriced. Went there for brunch on Sunday. Biscuits had pieces of wood in it!!!The food here was amazing! The service and friendliness of the servers and other waiters/waitresses was simply magnificent. We easily made friends with the waitress, while we ate the lovely food in their establishment. Simply impeccable.Delicious, cozy breakfast (and lunch) joint in Old City, Philly. Fresh ingredients, tasty, inventive offerings. Friendly, attentive staff. My wife and I had back to back breakfasts on Sunday, then Monday morning. French toast with apple compote, delicious. Sunny side up eggs on a crispy tortilla. Nicely done, and very tasty. My wife thoroughly enjoyed biscuits and sausage gravy with eggs. The omelette was standard fare, nothing wrong with that. Finally, blueberry pancakes. A dense cake, but not spongey. Quite tasty. If we return to Philly in the future we will definitely enjoy breakfast here again.Best breakfast I've had in longer than I can remember. (Breakfast tacos- yum yum yum)
Hot chocolate was great. Funky, cute, extremely tiny seating area. Great wait staff. Cash only. () but there is an ATM there.Delicious Breakfast. Keep in mind it is cash only, ATM in back of Cafe. 
My wife and I were in town for one night and stopped in for breakfast. We both had very tasty omelets.  Food came out quick and hot. Coffee flavorful, server kept cup full.A very nice place with good music and great coffee. Service was pleasant and prompt. I had the tofu scramble with kale, onions, and tomatoes and it was cooked perfectly. My son had the eggs, bacon and latke which all was cooked perfectly. Free wifi and relaxed atmosphere made for a lovely breakfast experience!Although the decor is cute, the service, or lack thereof, is not.
We were impressed by the menu posted on the outside of the building, so my party and I decided we would try the little place. We placed our orders: a chicken wrap, a turkey wrap and a spicy chick pea burger - substituting fries for the salad with the burger. 
It took a little longer than expected to be delivered - and when it was, it was with a "plop" on our table... one person in our party noticed that he did not have salad dressing (neither did I, but I will get to that in a minute).  He asked the waitress if he could have dressing, and she said it was already on his salad. He glanced at his salad and politely said that he didn't think there was. When he met the waitress' gaze again, she literally SNAPPED, "Yes, it is! I can see it from here!" 
During the exchange, I was wryly eyeing my salad - which by the way was lovely, but as barren as the Sahara when it came to dressing. I considered daring her to find the salad dressing on mine just to prove the point, but I demurred.  It didn't matter really since I had ordered fries as a substitute anyway. At this point I intervened in the Great Vinaigrette Debate that was playing out at the table with a request for the fries that I ordered. The waitress did apologize for that then asked if she should bring extra salad dressing to the table. Unfortunately, I was annoyed at this point and sharply replied "Yes." 
We began to eat our lunch and from the back of the cafe we could hear discussion about the fries. Apparently, it was a GREAT concern over who's "fault" it was that I did not receive fries... 
Luna Cafe... Please, if your patron doesn't see salad dressing, smile politely, apologize and get a side order. If an order is wrong, just fix it quickly and apologize. A little sugar goes a long way on customer service - Face it, it doesn't matter if YOU feel it is right or good enough - it is the customer, the one who is tipping you, who needs to be happy with their service and food. It is your JOB to make sure they are content for what they are paying for. 
Your future patrons will appreciate the "extra step" and return; we will not.I cannot recommend the red velvet pancakes highly enough. Even the regular pancakes are deliciously fluffy, and the sausage is mighty flavorful. I also understand there are healthy options? They LOOKED good... on other people's plates. A little pricey for breakfast/brunch, but worth a splurge.This place is WONDERFUL!!! They serve breakfast all day - I LOVE their pancakes and actually all their breakfast items !! The owner , Sarah , is great !! What a wonderful addition to the neighborhoodThis place makes me happy. I stumbled into here on a snowy morning and was greeted by warm and smiling faces. It's a small place but I love the aesthetic. The food is delicious! Keep in mind that it's cash only and first come first serve. I would have pictures from my dinning experience today but my friend and i just scarfed down the food as soon as we got it.Was so excited to try this place after stalking the menu/adorable interior. Met up with a friend for brunch and she ordered the chicken and waffles while I got the quinoa breakfast bowl. Food was delicious all around, but a smidge pricey for the portions in my opinion. Loved the decor, though!Really good service. Got the early bird and the turkey was spectacular. Recommend with the fontina cheese ... my boyfriend had the desayuno wrap... he thought it was excellent but a little wet (from sauce??). My best friend got the quinoa bowl which looked super healthy and good. My friend nick had a parfait @krameseats which he thoroughly enjoyed. Will be back! Quick and easy.It's 2018 what's with the cash only. Not sure if it's intentional but the pancakes are consistently undercooked, as in gooey in the middle. Also that chair you have next to the flight of stairs is gonna get someone killed.Warm atmosphere, friendly staff and incredibly healthy and delicious food :) My go to place whenever I visit Philly.Great new spot. My wife and I shared the latkes for an appetizer which were pretty fantastic. For dinner, she ordered the black bean quinoa burger which she said was really good and I had the Luna burger which was delicious.
Service and staff were top notch
Definitely worth a try, you won't be disappointedGreat small breakfast place. I had the philly sandwich and it was great. My husband had the lumberjack which he enjoyed thoroughly. They did not come with potatoes so we ordered a plate and shared them. Highly recommendI came here with some friends for Sunday brunch, and it was ok. 
They allow you to make a reservation on OpenTable, which is super convenient. I called the day before to move up my reservation by an hour, and they were very accommodating. One of my friends arrived early, and they seated him at a table way in the back. It was a little odd, because it was the only table down a long hallway past the kitchen. I guess it was nice to have our own area, but I would have preferred to be in the main dining area.
The menu was heavily focused on breakfast food. In hindsight, I think they actually might have given us the breakfast menus because the brunch menu online has a lot of sandwiches listed that were definitely not on our menus. I usually prefer lunch food at brunch, but I do like eggs benedict, so I went with that. Their "Norwegian Eggs Jefferson" is eggs benedict with salmon, and it was pretty good. What I did not like about the dish was the "biscuits" it was served on. The biscuits tasted like really crumbly dry cornbread...gross! Also, the eggs were overcooked so that the yolks were solid. I like runny yolks with my benedict, so I was disappointed. The salmon was very good but I was surprised that it came fully cooked. I expected lox because the salmon was described as house-cured on the menu, but it still tasted very good so no complaints there. It was served with a side of fresh fruit salad that included apples, grapefruit, and oranges. I was a big fan of the fruit salad, but unfortunately the hollandaise sauce from my benedict overflowed onto the fruit salad, so it all got mixed together. It still tasted ok, though. My friends were also happy with their meals but not overly impressed. It's a BYOB, so I brought a bottle of champagne to celebrate my move to NY. We drank it straight because it was decent quality, and I didn't want to dilute it with OJ, but you can order glasses or pitchers of orange juice if you want to make mimosas.
The service was a little slow, but I think that might have been because we were in that back area. It took around 30 minutes to get our food, and I was pretty darn hungry. Our servers (we had 2) were very pleasant, though.FIRST OF ALL our waitress was the most lovely thing (Amber you the MVP.) She suggested the loaded potatoes which I ordered with eggs and bacon and I wanted to die of happiness. YumX10. My friend got pancakes ("they were very thick, so I got full super fast! But they were so good!) Note: portions are huge so bring your appetite!
We sat outside, which was perfect. The traffic wasn't too loud, street was clean, and there were a few happy families sitting around us. Overall just a wonderful atmosphere. 
Friend: The hot chocolate was SO GOOD!
I mean, what more could you want?Disappointing service and dinner menu at "Opening Night". My girlfriend and I frequent Philadelphia BYOBs and were disappointed by the service and menu.  Luna and their staff failed to make an introduction as some of their first patrons and even failed to mention anything about opening night in addition to below-average dinner service.
On the menu side... on "opening night" Luna was not able to offer 1 of their 4 listed entrees off the menu (seared bay scallops) for an unexplained reason and did not provide their publicized complimentary champagne toasts.  We were expecting a lot more from a small, quaint, opening of an Old City BYOB, but were very disappointed. Service seemed unprepared and the overall opening seemed rushed.I owe this place at least three stars for the following two reasons:
1) I almost burnt their lovely establishment down during their Grand Opening (more on that in a minute).
2) I am hopeful this new restaurant, unlike the previous one in its place (which shall remain anonyPanini's Trattoria), will not have a staff member outside asking me to dine there every time I walk by. Usually while I'm walking my dog. Or with groceries in my hand. Or doing something similar that in no way screams "HEY LOOKING TO HAVE A GOOD MEAL WHERE SHOULD I GO?!" It's bad enough being harassed by the Big Bus Company folks and 5th and Market. And having to resist buying every adorable dog that's ever in the window at Doggie Style. If your restaurant is good, you will not need to request my presence. I'll be there. No invite necessary.
So to keep with the theme of this review, I will continue to provide my insight to you in list form (you're welcome). Here's what they're doing well.
- Décor - Love the homey, vintagey vibe with local artwork.
- Staff - Incredibly welcoming. Incredibly helpful.
- (Mostly) local sourcing, healthy, yet creative food options.
- Free champagne during grand opening. They had me at free champagne.
However, there is room for improvement.
- Paper napkins + uncovered tea lights = fire hazard. Glad I could demonstrate that to them early in their new adventure. I AM THE WORST. Luna Café, please once again accept my apologies for thinking that fanning a napkin on fire with my bill folder was a good idea.
- Food execution (see next three bullet points).
- Latke Luna - a little more salt/spice/flavor on the actual latkes. However, both dipping sauces were quite nice.
- Fritto Misto - Menu said "lightly fried," but it wasn't quite "lightly" enough. The fish they used was great and was overshadowed by too much breading.
- Caprese Focaccia Panini - Wonderful flavors, but ours was cold in the middle. Sad face.
Definitely going to come back. Probably for brunch (oh hello Brie Stuffed French Toast) and/or a juice (Green juice? Yes, please).Was just stopping in Philly for a couple of days and wandered upon this darling cafe. The atmosphere was handmade and friendly, the menu was filled with vegan friendly options, and our mug (picture included) was beautiful! If you're ever in Philly I would definitely recommend stopping in for breakfast!Food was as good as I've had in Philly (which isn't saying much-but this was beyond just meh). I had the breakfast burrito with quinoa, black beans, sausage, egg here and have had regular pancakes here as well. The burrito was good, the pancakes back to meh. But I will at least try it again. Now the customer service is majorly lacking. The first time I attempted to go here it was past opening time (they are only opened from 8-3 I believe) and they were no where near ready to serve- and the girl putting out tables was about as rude as can be. The second time I tried to come here. I was notified that they didn't take credit cards, but there was a cafe down the block that did (huh?). The third time (yes I was determined to see what all the fuss was about)- i finally got food, but the congregation of young ladies was more interested in Instagram than the customers. Anywho. I determined the food was good, but I could only come here when my patience and tolerance for mediocre service is long.Can I just say that the Breakfast bowl here is mouth watering deliciously tasty! Filled with so much flavor! Light yet filling, left me feeling very satisfied when I was done! I also got a pumpkin spice cappuccino it was very good for a cafe! I've had better pumpkin cappuccinos/ lattes but this one was still very tasty! The staff was very friendly and helpful with my many questions! The atmosphere was very very very cute! Filled with art and fun little details! Good alternative music playing inside also, adds to the energetic vibe! Highly recommended!This was my first time at Luna and went on the recommendation of a friend. Service was meh. Server never refilled water or coffee. Food was so so. I ordered the 2x2x2 and added the mini pancakes (for an extra $5). The entree itself was $10. Basically, 2 eggs, bacon, toast and taters. The eggs were great - creamy and well cooked. The bacon's texture was cardboard like. Almost like it was microwaved. The pancakes tasted like bisquick. Thin, heavy and lacking flavor. My friend really liked her breakfast burrito though. 
Anyway, a little too expensive for the quality, quantity and service. I wouldn't recommend.Cute and quaint place! Easy to find! Our waiter is really nice. Very warm and welcoming! Got the 2x2x2! Simple and delicious! Food came out hot and quick! Nice spot! Perfect way to end my trip in Philly! Definitely want to come back!!Love this new neighborhood gem.  Decor is simple, rustic & chic.  The menu is great- it has healthy and flavorful options- good ingredients.  Byo too- which is great.  Friendly service.  The brownie is great.  Have gone twice for dinner already and will return.This place is very cool. Small but the staff is nice. The have outside seating and the food is great.I wanted to like this place.  I ordered the southwest quinoa bowl.  The quinoa was undercooked and the bowl was 70% cheese and aioli sauce.  It was also tiny for $14.  I left hungry and disappointed.The only negative is that the wait staff is apparently not required to wear their uniform or cover their hair. This results in walking by people you don't recognize as staff and praying that your food comes without hair. The staff wore anything from workout clothes to whatever they threw on that sunday morning. It was not appetizing.
The food however was fucking amazing (and hairless)!I had the breakfast burrito and felt satisfied and healthy after.  It contains quinoa, black beans and pico. My sis had apple compote french toast. Some of the best food we've ever had. We will be returning next time we are in town. 
One of the best parts was an acoustic mediterranean band of two playing in the corner. Relaxing and lovely. I took their card and look forward to their first lp. Their website does them no justice : http://www.thecarryons.com/music/This place is great! The inside is small but they have ample outside seating. I went for breakfast with 3 girls are we all LOVED our meals! Great coffee, too! I'm seeing a lot of reviews about the poor service, which we didn't experience at all. It might have been a little slow but nothing worth complaining about! Definitely check this place out!!Don't waste your money. Tiny space inside bumping on each other, we could not avoid listening to other people's conversation. The food was horrible, my sausage was frozen in the middle. They couldn't even microwave right my food. Never againLuna cafe is super homey and has great food! It isn't the biggest place so get there early if you are going during popular brunch times. Has outdoor seating available during the warmer months. Staff is always super friendly and they have healthy options that are great!Went to this cafe, because of reviews. Sadly disappointed.  We ordered over easy eggs, and both orders came back over hard.  Asked for another egg, received one in less than two minutes, that had zero runny yolk, but not cooked hard.  Also, paid $3.00 for unsweetened tea, not once were we offered a refill.  Ordered an additional side order of scrambled eggs, took ten minutes to get them.  Highly overpriced for the quality of food.  Service was okay, definitely not exceptional.So cute and chic! I loved this place! It's very small but worth it, just not for groups. Food was delicious and it's very intimate and decorative. Will definitely go again!Ambiance/service: Found Luna Cafe on a last minute search for breakfast before continuing South. Venturing in at 9:30 am we were seated immediately to our delight. Very small but cute space with every attempt made at maximizing the number of patrons per square foot aka get to know your fellow diners. Backpacks beware--you'll surely knock over a coffee or omelet. Friendly service. We were immediately attended to and given menus and water when we seated. CASH ONLY!! (There is an ATM in the cafe for emergencies but you didn't hear it from me). 
Food/drinks: My dining partner opted for the cinnamon apple french toast with a side of scrambled eggs while I opted for the Belgian waffle. Our little table was balanced with OJs and coffees. It's terribly hard to go very wrong with breakfast. French toast is french toast--a waffle is a waffle. Instagram-able but nothing impressive to write home about.
Price: OJ and coffee range $2.50-4.00. Breakfast entrees all under $15. Fairly well priced but we were tourists and starving.
Final assessment: If I were in the area, I would probably return. Maybe try an omelet? I would not wait over an hour nonetheless... Solid 3.75 stars if  I may.Cash only place. Stopped off for breakfast with family of 4. Bacon was extremely fatty and tasteless. I've never seen that much fat. Breakfast sandwiches were good and so was my sons waffle. Pancakes were over cooked. Service was very slow. Don't come here if you're in a rushNice staff working hard so I'm giving it a 3 ~ unfortunately, worst latte and I'm not exaggerating. Also, it appears they also do NOT know how to make a breakfast burrito. Im from West coast so maybe I have higher standards. Stick with traditional breakfast foods.Great little place for breakfast!
Had:
Nutella stuffed French toast - very good
Chicken and waffles with sausage gravy- excellent 
Loaded potatoes - good
Turkey sausage egg sandwich - good
Great service and highly recommendOrdered the black bean and kale veggie burger and a cappuccino.  The burger was not really a burger: it was a mash of black beans on a bun, and difficult to eat because as such, it oozed out the sides of the bun. The bun, on the other hand -- a challah type of bread -- was excellent.  The seasoning of the "burger" was nice, also, but the experience was decidely not burger-like.  
The cappuccino was lukewarm and had a strong burnt taste. No foam.  Ugh.I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. Cute cafe and they had live music (the chill Sunday morning kind). I ordered a breakfast sandwich - turkey bacon, egg, and cheddar cheese on a challah bread bun ...it was AMAZING. Especially the challah bread bun.I liked the food and the place was really comfy but the service was extremely slow, the price are really good though!! Perfect for brunch and coffee!!While the companionship of fellow Yelpers was 5 Star, and the overall ambiance of Luna Café nearly so, there is no escaping the fact that my brunch (and that of others) was delivered at the wrong temperature.  
My pancakes, topped with fresh Blueberries, with a side a pure Maple Syrup, were no more than room temp. The dish would have been amazing if brought hot and steaming.  Apparently, the Blueberry Sauce and Maple Syrup were not heated before being poured over the pancakes, or placed on the table, and as a result cooled dramatically while awaiting transport by our server.  The ingredients were first rate, and even cooled had a wonderful taste.  Still, a cool pancake is not optimal for best experience. 
I took the opportunity to talk with the chef to explain what had happened, and suggested the sauces and syrups be heated before use to be sure everything arrived ready for peak consumption.  He was gracious and appreciative for the information. I believe this oversight will be easily corrected.  
Luna Café has a lot of promise.  It has history, charm, friendly service, and an interesting menu.  Fix the small glitches and it will take off.  
I will return soon to find out if the stars ascend.Luna Cafe is my go to spot any time I'm in Philly.  I'm a night owl, but I gotta get my egg fix.  They serve breakfast til three.  Great omelette!  Came today at 2:50 and they were nice enough to serve me even though they were closing up.  Thanks!Went here for a coffee on a Saturday. Was asked to hurry up. Very rude service. Drinks were good.Good, fresh food!! Omelette was delish with the local goat cheese. Chai tea latte was awesome!Very yummy food but dreadful service. Server was clueless yet unapologetic. Interior was dreadfully hot.Unfortunately disappointing. When I looked this place up online my cousin and I had high hopes. There were lots of great reviews and their menu looked yummy. Unfortunately for us we chose to visit  a small establishment when there were a couple of larger parties dining as well. I understand a smaller kitchen can get overwhelmed, but the key to combating that is communicating with your customers - at the very least. We waited 45 minutes for eggs with no one mentioning anything about a backed up kitchen or apologizing for the delay ahead of me asking where our food was 30 minutes after putting in our order. I ordered the breakfast tacos with a latte and my cousin got an omelet with orange juice. We went in with what we thought was plenty of time of get a quick but quality breakfast (about an hour). That was not the case as we had to have them pack our food to go - which clearly wasn't even fired until after I asked where it was. Then when they said it was "coming right up" it took another 10 minutes to get it in the bag! Plus they forgot the avocado I asked to be added to my tacos. Two girls that came in after us ate and paid before our food was even plated. If someone had just mentioned something to us it would have been totally understood as we both work in the restaurant industry. Instead we received a passing nonchalant apology after the fact and no acknowledgement that they even wanted to try and save our experience for a return visit or at least a recommendation to other friends. It started off well, but we left frustrated and disappointed.I came here this past saturday for brunch and was not impressed.  The place was cute inside and I like that a lot of the ingredients are locally sourced,however I did not care for the food I had, and it was overpriced.  
I got the omelet with three toppings.  First off, the omelet was so thin and soggy and sad looking.  My omelets at home are fluffier and tastier, and I don't specialize in making brunch food.  Also, there were barely any toppings.  I asked for avocado, pico and cheese.  There were two small pieces of diced avocado and about 5 pieces of tiny diced tomato.  The omelet came with a side of oily, soggy latke.  I've had good latke (honeys) and they are usually crisp and perfectly fried.
My bf got a breakfast sandwhich from here.  He eats basically anything and is very low maintenance; he would eat mcondalds breakfast everyday if he could.  He said their breakfast sandwhich was very plain and bland and it was pricey for what they were selling.  
All in all, not worth it.  take yourself down the street to cafe ole for some good old city brunchThis place is a little small inside but don't let that deflect you from taking a peek inside. The Turkey club was good, switch out the cheddar for gouda. This was a nice size sandwich. The regular fries were ok but the sweet potato fries were a little on the burnt side. I would say the major draw back the waiter let us know it's a cash only spot when we got ready to pay. There is a small sign that states cash only at the register, but would have been nice to know up front / have a sign closer to the door.Good coffee; however the breakfast was of low quality. Also the wait time was to long and the waiter forgot to bring my wife the sausage.New York prices, hippy locavore menu but with amateur execution, kid's portions. I'm specifically referring to the greasy, tiny "Big Green" tofu scramble (which should be called a Tiny Hint of Green), turkey sausage which resembled something pre-chewed and regurgitated, and peach smoothie where you can tell a substandard yogurt was used. But it does have outdoor tables. Clearly this place is able to thrive being in a tourist location right near Apple Hostel. Gratuity and taxes are included in the check.Nice breakfast/ brunch place in Olde City Philly.  Great pancakes.  Service was really good- attentive without being rushed.  A bit crowded and noisy inside - more of an eat and run place.The Luna Loaded Potatoes and the grilled cheese were spectacular. My daughter kept saying "there is so much cheese" while she attempted to eat her grilled cheese. We were pleasantly surprised to learn they had gluten free bread. Definitely a winner!Little place with the spot on little cafe vibe. Some outdoor seating available if you want. Close to local hotels so it makes for more local breakfast than the hotel itself. Went there for a recent trip and was glad to return the second day when I had the spare time to really try out the breakfast menu. Recommend getting your coffees in to go cups as the chitchy mugs net you less volume.
It's cash only, so plan ahead for that. Quick pickups on the street for the seemingly endless supply of Uber drivers in town.
Artwork on the wall to buy, if you do desire, even.Horrible slow service!! We didn't know anything about this place just went in because we saw other people there and the menu looked good. As we sat I overheard the waitresses talking about "how they hate self seating tables." We ordered a bowl and burrito and tea and water. Waitress never asked if we wanted refills and we had to flag them down. Food took over 45 minutes to get and nobody came to tell us why. Finally we asked where it was and were told they had a big catering order and it would be a little bit. Meanwhile a table sat down after us, got their food, finished, paid and left before we got our food. We said we were ready to leave and only response was we already gave you a discount. When food finally arrive waitress never came back to see if we needed anything else to accompany the meal. I sat drink less for most of the meal. How they can get away with this standard of service is beyond me and for food that is very mediocre. I make a better quinoa bowl at home. Eat somewhere else.I was going to write this review later, but considering the amount of time it is taking for my food to come out, I'll start now. 
I ordered a side of pancakes with fruit & the breakfast burrito. I ordered the burrito with tofu scramble and WITHOUT cheddar cheese. The food came out timely, but the burrito had cheese, looked as though mozzarella. With that being said, I believe the waitress just brought it to the wrong table. She also never came back to check on me. I had to get up myself & bring her the incorrect burrito. She also did not bring syrup with my pancakes. When I told the waitress about the burrito, I also mentioned the syrup. About 5mins go by, the waitress comes to the table next to me, but doesn't have my syrup?! So now, I'm waiting for my burrito and staring at pancakes with no syrup... (Hence having the time to snap a pic)
After some time, I got the waiters attention & he gave me syrup. He was also the one that brought out the burrito. After about another 10min wait. 
The food wasn't bad, but not out of this world. I didn't snap a pic of the breakfast burrito because at that point, I just wanted to eat. Not once throughout my dining experience did I receive an apology & I was nothing but pleasant. 
Overall I wasn't happy with my experience here. Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is because the food wasn't bad, but for all this, I should have been raving about the food. That's definitely not the case.Cute little place; very cozy. The outdoor seating area seems nice too. The food was decent and came out at reasonable time. Since I am not a big breakfast food kind of person, I am not going to into the food too much. I did have the tofu scramble, which tasted like egg scramble. The service, however, was to be desired. They seem to be forgetful, and disinterested. Overall, a decent breakfast option.This place is like a doll's house.
Everything looks like a dream. So sweet. 
Is not the most cheap place to go to order a meal, but is a excellent place to go and drink a green juice or a coffee.
The waitress wasn't so nice, a little bit mad maybe, but, I loved the place and how I felt there.Loved it!!!! The grilled cheese with apple butter was the best. Fries were excellent. Cute place. Great find.Great byob breakfast/lunch spot in old city.  The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive.  The food was incredible.  I had a Belgian waffle with vanilla ice cream.  The ice cream is from The Franklin Fountain, a local parlor with the BEST ice cream around.  My friend had the desayuno wrap, who was also extremely pleased.  I would recommend Luna Cafe for anyone living or visiting the area.I'm almost in tears.
I came here from out of town. The food was wonderful, the service was flawless, and the staff showed me so much hospitality and generosity. It's a rare treat to be treated so kindly.I came here to eat lunch yesterday, I had the pesto caprese sandwich.  It was yummy with melted cheese and a great taste, I loved it.  I ate inside at one of the cafe tables and the service was pretty good.  If only they accepted debit or credit cards!  They do have an ATM though.  My other suggestion is to have more of a cold beverage selection.  Either way, I would come back, I enjoyed the sandwich and friendly atmosphere, good price too!We just moved to the neighborhood and decided to try this place for breakfast. It is definitely limited by it's small size, but a good meal could still possible if not for the horrible and disorganized service. The first major problem I found was that they allowed for parties of one to occupy four person tables, and then instead of correcting this error, began separating four person tables for each party of two. This problem was compounded by the fact that instead of clearing empty tables, the staff continued to seat tables in smaller settings, making everyone uncomfortable. There were uncleaned tables when we arrived that had still not been bussed when we left. We had to ask for creamer, for sugar, for sweetener, for refills. Simply put, the staff was completely unable to anticipate even the simplest needs for their customers. Also, it's cash only. Beware because they don't inform you until the check comes.Good stop, walking from Wyndham Old City. Breakfast Quesadilla was great and very large. Took some home. Broke $20/head for breakfast w tip but no worse than hotel prices and far better food.Luna Café is a sweet little spot on Market Street with fantastic food! We actually came across them while looking for someone to deliver lunch to our hotel room on the day of our wedding and Sarah from Luna was so incredibly easy to work with! We arranged everything over email and the food was delicious and incredibly well priced. We've also eaten in the Cafe for brunch and every single item ordered was a hit! Just be aware that it's cash only!Came into town to visit friends and my husband and I went to grab some breakfast at this incredible little restaurant! Love the atmosphere and the outdoor seating! Definitely get a feel for beautiful Philadelphia!!Had juevos rancheros. Definitely yummy. A cute cafe with good food and a nice vibe. Only note is i wasn't super down with a ramekin of unseasoned potatoes for $4. Sides should be a bit better portioned, but main dishes are worth it. They have a nice menu selection for meat eaters to vegans alike.The food here is good. Don't expect anything amazing, just good cooked food. 
I have been here about 15times, I have had good service once. I usually get an entitled waitress who shows no care for her guests. However the food is good so I go back! 
I usually get eggs with avocado, the pancakes and their sandwiches. 
Their kitchen looks a little messy but that's not the biggest deal breaker.Quaint place; excellent healthy options. Smoothies are great, yet a little pricey. Kombucha was tasty, and portions were adequate. RecommendedSorry to say that I thought this place was only OK. I was hoping to find a new brunch place for myself in the area. It is not going to be Luna Cafe...
It's a small and cozy place and rather clean. They can seat only a small number of ppl. But they do have additional seating outdoors, which is a great option for the warm season. 
The staff was ok, not warm and fuzzy, just did they're job. I guess we all like a nice smile and warm welcome, but as long as the food is good we can do with just ok service.
The food was rather disappointing though :( I ordered a bowl that the server claimed is their popular item. It was a plate of big lettuce with some other food elements spread on top. It's just not the kind of good taste of presentation I'd like to eat when I'm eating out. That's more like what I do when I'm at home and got nothing in my fridge nor the creativity to make it into something. Sorry, it wasn't good :( shame...Cash Only. 
We went because the chicken and waffles was recommended. And Luna Café delivered. The white maple gravy was really good. The chicken was breaded in some delicious, slighty spicy seasoning. It was tender and boneless. And it was filling, we couldn't eat it all. The Iced Coffee was perfect and free refills. I ordered the 2x2x2. The bacon was cooked well, the eggs were cooked perfectly(over easy), the rye bread was good, and I opted for the fruit cup over the potatoes. Bananas, berries, melon. it was clearly seasonal, and fresh made. The prices were reasonable, service was excellent, seating was cozy. We arrived just before 10 on a Sunday, and were immediately seated.
They have an MAC in the back, it charged $2.75. There are 2 MAC's on the corner of 4th and a CVS between 2nd and 3rd for cash back, if you want to avoid the fee. 
Street Parking was available. 
My only complaint was that it was cash only. But definitely worth the trip.amazing place to come and sit outside with incredible food. great vibe & great service. we each got a breakfast bowl (with pesto) and it was perfffect!! if you're a vegan, this place has what you need. although i did not get the vegan option, there is something for everyone. i don't want to leave!The peach special pancakes were not impressive in taste, presentation was good though. They were a nice portion size and appeared fluffy.  The eggs were not seasoned and were ehh. 
The fruit was good and the smoothie wasn't bad!!I was having an extremely pleasant bunch at here today with my friend, and we were sitting and chatting after we finished our food for no longer than 30 minutes after we had finished our food. The cafe was quiet, with about half the tables open. When my friend got up to go to the bathroom, the waiter came over to me and said "we really need to open up this table, so if you guys could leave soon"... The place was half empty and there was no line of people waiting to get in!!!! Not only that, but at another table, there was a gentleman with just a cup of coffee and his computer open, and at another table there were three girls who had all brought into the cafe with them their coffee that they bought at Starbucks!!! I have no idea why this waiter felt as though we were the people who needed to leave the cafe, but I was pretty offended by how we were treated. I get it if it was crowded and there was a wait for a table, I would have no problem with a waiter asking us to please give up the table since we were done, but there were no people waiting, and 3 empty tables in the cafe.Visited Luna about a week after it opened.  When we arrived, the place was empty but since it's new, that happens.  We ordered and it really took about 30 minutes before the food arrived which I thought was a long time considering we were the only customers.  My wife had the pasta which was very good.  I had a burger with fries which were $1.50 extra so I expected something good.  What I got were fries that seemed to come from a bag of frozen fries that one could get at a supermarket.  I did complain after the owner came over and asked how was the meal.  She listened and thoughtfully subtracted the fries from the bill.  Will we go there again?? Maybe but there are so many options in Old City and Northern Liberties...........................This place is one of my favorite breakfast brunch lunch spot in old city. The food is delicious and very filling. I last had mini chocolate chip and banana pancakes which were delicious and the perfect size. They also have real maple syrup, none of that pancake syrup BS. Chicken and waffles is my boyfriends favorite. Pick that over the biscuits and gravy always!  The coffee is great too!  Includes refills. Best coffee in old city. 
The only downsides are its a little pricey for a non-boozy brunch AND its cash only and probably won't be accepting credits cards again any time soon.Delicious and fresh - just be aware it's cash only but worth it - the ranchero eggs are the best.I stopped in for a bite today (Saturday) while running errands. I had the breakfast bowl (warm quinoa, black beans, cheddar cheese, avocado and cilantro aioli on a bed of arugula and topped with a sunny side up egg). It was delicious (and fast) and the staff were all friendly. (Note that Cafe Luna is cash only though there's an ATM inside.)Cute little quaint place, very hipster. Homey interior and friendly service! We were seated immediately even on a Saturday during brunch time, we must have gotten lucky. 
Although, it is a bit overpriced? The portions are very small, but this place I would consider to be a quality over quantity kind of place. I ordered the build your own quinoa bowl, which had the freshest ingredients and beautiful presentation. Flavor was a bit bland, I had to add pepper and salt which I rarely do to any of my meals unless it's necessary. 
My friends ordered the mac and cheese, HIGHLY recommend. Great light flavor, a hint of sweet and the cheesiness was divine. Personally, I was feeling the healthy alternative which is what I ordered, slightly disappointed but learned for next time that Mac and Cheese is the way to go. 
Also tip: they give you a percentage off if you write a yelp review :)I honestly enjoyed everything about this place. I have been twice now both times for breakfast and I will continue to go back. The atmosphere was great, the food was great, and my server was friendly and helpful. If your in the mood for pancakes you won't regret it!
DannyThe service, food and atmosphere are awesome! This is a must if you are in Philly! The biscuits and gravy were awesome. We will be back!Found this place on a whim. Delicious food and great service. Will definitely come here again when we are next in Philadelphia.If you are looking for great quality food and a great cozy atmosphere then you need to come check out Luna Café. Had the pumpkin cream cheese stuffed French toast and it was the best French toast I have ever had. I will definitely drive from NJ just for this breakfast.Had a wonderful breakfast here. Pancakes were light, french toast with Nutella yummy and the omelets were outstanding. The staff was efficient  and helpful. Highly recommend this cafe.First time in Philly...SO we found this little gem...Fresh, local and super yummy...Great capresse grilled cheese, amazing sandwiches on croissants with salads and sweet potato fries...Just remember that they only take cash but they do have an ATM on sight...Stop in for breakfast, brunch or lunch...You'll be happy you didService: 10
Food: 10
Atmosphere: 9
Very good brunch spot. I got breakfast. My girlfriend got lunch. The whole menu looked good so we want to go back. It is on a really cute street in old town, and it's right next to a dog store that had dogs in the windows, which was a mixture of cute and depressing but mostly cute. We sat outside but there were a lot of bees so we asked to move inside almost immediately. They were really nice about it and took us in right away, but it was crowded so we went alllll the way to the back in a narrow alley past the kitchen, but it was ok, but that is why the atmosphere was dinged a point. We were also next to a door that staff kept going into next to us so didn't love that. But now the service. I have no complaints; our girl was nice and didn't forget about us even though we were in the back. That's all. Would recommend to a friend. Here's a picture of my smoking hot girlfriend eating.- Service was excellent, very attentive and considerate when making choices from the menu
- Specials were exactly as advertised, very special!
- Cool handmade mugs for the coffee
- Cater to a wide audience with their vegetarian and vegan options, as advertisedI was visiting Philadelphia and ended up here after the first place we tried was too busy and we were in the area to to see the liberty bell.  We had Sunday brunch here.  We were so glad that we stumbled on this place.  My husband and I shared brie stuffed french toast with berry compote and fresh fruit.  We also had sides of bacon and sausage.  We both got coffee and they offered free mimosos.  Got to love that!
Overall we loved everything about Luna, food was different and delicious.  We had been indulging on the vacation it was nice to have  fresh and healthy options.  Service was excellent, food was quick, are cups were always full and prices were reasonable.  I will definitely be back if I visit again and recommend it to locals and tourtists alike.Went to this place for the first time with my boyfriend. We both loved it! I got the biscuits and gravy and he got the fried chicken and waffles. The portions are definitely worth the price. It's cute inside. I love all the artwork and signs, especially the one that says "relax, good food takes time." As someone who also works in the food industry I can say that's definitely true! But our food came out fast!! The servers were super patient and kind with everyone, even a screaming baby! Delicious fresh squeezed orange juice and refills on coffee :):) love that they use the same local farms I do at my work. Way to go guys!Wow what a great find . I needed a light breakfast so I ordered the avocado toast that came with a beautiful slice of fresh tomato. Very casual and laid back atmosphere. The coffee was perfect. It was just what I needed and it hit the spot!We ordered the breakfast potato platter and it was very delicious! Coffee was on the stronger side, which is a bonus for us. Visiting from New York this place was definitely a warm welcome for us tourists visiting Philly. It's small, cute with quick service and the staff is friendly. Definitely recommend for those visiting independence Hall and don't want to break the bank for some lunch.I ordered the waffles and this is what I got. On the menu it said that the waffles came with fresh fruits and whipped cream. Nothing like that came. Worst experience ever. I had to go and ask for the fruits. I was not going to pay $12 for just waffles.don't even get me STARTED! i was so excited for 2 days about this place and we went and i got the roasted vegetable quinoa bowl which was a huge mistake. i swear to god it was just steamed pieces of broccoli, cauliflower, and sweet potato. there was no seasoning whatsoever and the quinoa was barely present. everyone else's food was fine to below average. cute coffee mugs thoFound this cozy gem of a restaurant while visiting the city...absolutely loved my breakfast..coffee was great..not the same old same old...breakfast hash was outstanding and service was quick and very friendly.  Great little spot!Great spot for breakfast. Coffee is delicious. I love that they have healthy and organic options. I also love the outside seating in warm weather.Super cozy, great coffee, wonderful attentive servers, just an all around groovy place. 
I would highly recommend the breakfast bowl and tacos