A place just for Mac and Cheese? Yes pl(ch)eeeeseee!  hearing about this place and I automatically knew I had to come and try it out. I really like the food! You get to build your own or select from the premade menu items! Cheesy? meaty options?satisfying?
the environment is great. The tables face towards the windows so u can look outside. The shop itself is pretty small so there aren't many tables, but that's alright. 
Food comes quick and price for Mac and cheese is alright I guess. I think it's a bit much for how much you get (pretty small) and it's not like it's the BEST Mac I've ever tasted though. I was expecting a bit more since this place specializes in Mac and cheese afterall. Still give this place a try though! It's still very deliciousThese girls have mac on lock. it was fast, clean and i was stuck in traffic eating allll my food. (and you know i was hot when i saw on Facebook the next day they had a sale) but that is what i love about them... they give and give! 
if you can try the mac with the cheese steak on top.....seriously a top notch!!!!Right flavor but the mac & cheese was gooey and undercooked. I would not recommend this place as a visitor.If you like Mac n Cheese you will love this place. It's located on a very busy street filled with shops and other surrounding restaurants. Mac Mart is very small so not ideal for crowds. Not a lot of seating but based on there niche it's probably expected. 
They have a variety of options on how you want your dish. I went with the Jalapeño Poppers. Service was quick and my food was ready in no time. They do serve you your dish in a Rubbermaid type of container which doesn't look like much but it was very filling. The dish it's self was great, I loved it!! I would highly recommend this place for all  Mac n Cheese lovers.
I also like how they encourage you to keep the container b/c it's reusable and encourages recycling.
Overall service was goodLet's start off by saying that I love, LOVE, Mac and cheese. Saying that, I have to say that the Mac and cheese here is so externally good, I got "The buff" and it was so creamy and cheesy that I was literally just hit with all the flavors on this. The price/quantity is very good. I think the most expensive one is about $12 and the amount is more than enough to share with someone else ( But  what crazy person would ever share Mac and cheese? ) 
The store is very cute and although small with the outdoor seating is just so cute. The staff is super friendly and they're Sheryl temple is the best. And just the fact that they are environmentally conscious just gives them the extra point they didn't need at this point, you are actually able to take the container that they give you to re-useMac Mart is awesome. They have great menu items and try new limited time things that turn out to be really tasty. They had a cheesesteak topped with mac and cheese a few months ago and it was so good. When you feel like having a cheat day, this is a great spot.Mac and cheese is really tasteless. Not worth the price at all. Got the BBQ Bowl. Dry chicken,  chewy macaronis, and soggy cornbread "crunch"Holy crap! Their Mac and cheese is amazing! I got the buffalo chicken and the only thing was I could have had her go lighter on the chips on top - otherwise it was perfect. The portion size was awesome and the noodles were creamy with cheese but not mushy. And it's so fast!I was so excited for a mac & cheese only store and ended up disappointed. The mac is only ok and they have a weird policy that doesn't all you to order a basic mac & cheese plain. You must order the more expensive "classic creations" from the menu. The portion is a good size but I wouldn't recommend it over all.I've had Mac Mart now 3 times. Once last year, and twice this year (so far) at the different Night Markets throughout the city. I love this Mac so freakin much, I have to write a review now!! 
When I see that hot pink truck, I start jumping like a little kid and I get so excited!! I will wait in the longest line for this Mac, I don't care! It's that good. 
The BBQ chicken Mac is my favorite so far, but they always change the flavors so you can always try something new! I love that! I recently had the spinach & artichoke Mac, that was killer also. All the special combo macs are better than their 7 cheese original, IMO.  so try something fancy!  The Mac is so creamy and rich, that's what I love. You hardly taste the noodles cause the cheese and other toppings are so rich.. That's how you make Mac!! It should be so creamy that it sticks to the roof of your mouth.. Yes! Mac mart does it right!! 
I got 2 of my friends hooked on it already, who's never had it before. They love it too! And the staff working the truck are so friendly they rock. 
Can't wait for the next night market so I can eat this creamy cheesy amazing goodness all over again! MAC MART!!! Don't change a thing, you guys are amazing.I heard really good things about their Mac Mart truck that goes around. So I went to the restaurant when it opened up to try their Mac and Cheese. I got their grilled chicken pesto Mac and Cheese and I was actually pretty disappointed. I don't think I will be coming back here again.So unique to have a restaurant devoted to mac and cheese! I feel like that definitely appeals to a younger crowd, but it is a part of what makes the Philadelphia food scene so diverse as well! I went with the BBQ chicken bowl and it was so good, and filling! I was worried about the price, but it was definitely enough food for two full meals, and the tupperware is microwaveable so it is reusable, which is a plus! Can't wait to return! I just wish there was more seating availableA very decent bowl of mac n cheese, but nothing that special. You can build your own bowl, or go for a "classic creation". I got the Rittenhouse; topped w/ creamy sautéed spinach & artichoke dip.This flavors were very good, and the elbow mac were a nice consistency. I just wish there was more topping. The dish as a whole wasn't creamy, cheesy, or gooey enough. The potato chip panko crust made it even drier.I love Macaroni and Cheese! Like love it and I loved this place. Staff was pleasant. Inside is small with a few seats along the window. Some outside seating as well. I had the Crabby Mac. The portions are filling. I hope to be back soon!Ok, we clearly have some problems... we tried this place yesterday, lost our minds over how good it was, then drove back from Roxborough the next day. No joke, this place is heaven. Everything is so good and portions are huge. Well worth every dime. We live in VA now, but have family here, so we will make this a regular stop along with our other favorite restaurants. For now, we've got our to-go containers ready for indulging when we get to our bed at home lol. Oh man, we're so fat.Stopped in on a hot day craving some mac. Been planning to come here for awhile. I immediately ordered The Rittenhouse. It was delicious and I would definitely come here again.Delicious food and the employees are very accommodating.  Excellent customer service.  With a call ahead, they can modify meals for those that must adhere to a gluten free diet.  I highly recommend this restaurant.Absolutely delicious! I was led here through a random video ad on facebook, and I am so glad I followed the breadcrumbs (pun intended) to this macaroni spot. There is so much variety, that you could come once and then come again and again, even though everything is macaroni and cheese. I went with the cheesesteak mac because I was in Philly and was not disappointed in any way! The service is friendly and very willing to give advice and recommendations for the best options for you. Whatever you do don't skip getting their signature crumble, it is definitely the perfect topping, I wish I could have taken a cup home for my own mac and cheese. Now, the macaroni and cheese base is PRETTY good, if you make a strong baked mac and cheese this might not compete on purely base alone but once they make their combo magic you have what has earned this place a solid four stars. Limited seating so more of a quick eat, if that matters, but, if you are in Philly definitely stop in!I love the marts Mac basic Mac n cheese. Cute, clean, polite, helpful staff. Just a few seats.YUM!! Almost as good as Smac in NYC! Next time I'll get the basil pesto chicken Mac!I was hooked ever since I starting following Mac Mart on Instagram a few months ago but didn't make it out to the store until today. It's a small place with limited seating so I took my order to go. The menu was a bit overwhelming but I played it safe and ordered the Rittenhouse, which is basically a scoop of spinach dip on top of the original Mac and cheese, topped with breadcrumbs. Overall, it satisfied my immediate need for mac and cheese but it definitely wasn't the fresh, cheesy, gooey dish I hoped for. The pasta itself was a little too al dente and the cheese tasted like processed cheese. Personally, I like Panera's Mac and cheese better but the toppings make this option more appealing. Oh, portions are heavy so I recommend sharing an order!I'm used to the 5mins Microwavable Mac & Cheese so I walked in to Mac Mart with very low expectations. The macaroni and cheese here is so good and def nothing like the microwavable ones! I got the Jalapeño Mac and cheese and boy was it spicy, just perfect. Also, the box they serve their mac and cheese is so cute and microwave + dishwasher safe. The place is tiny and got filled up really fast yet their service was fast and efficient!The mac and cheese is amazing!! The mac and cheese is heavy on the breadcrumbs, which may not be enjoyable for everyone, but you can ask to not have it :) The menu is huge and will have something everyone will like for a decent price. The only down side of this place is the restaurant is small and seating is limited. Other than that, it's great!The portions are a lot bigger than they look. My boyfriend and I went (he's a very picky eater), and we didn't think it would be enough. We both ended up getting two meals out of our bowls. Phenomenal!Love this place. I ordered the mac & cheese with the tots but they didn't have anymore tots which was fine I had a back up choice. The food came up quick and as I was eating my bowl one of the girls brought me out another bowl of the Mac & tots because the kitchen made a fresh batch she didn't know about. The derive and food was great :)I've never even had the food truck, but I can tell they made absolutely no changes. The food isn't even decent for being a brick and mortar "restaurant." It tastes exactly how I imagine the food truck food to taste: cheap, fattening, with hardly any effort put in to make it, but hey, if that's your thing, then to each his own.
The inside is so tiny. I can only imagine what this place looks like during the lunch rush.
I can only see Mc Mart's value as a food truck for people who work nearby to get a quick lunch at, not as a legitimate counter-serve restaurant (so if you have more than a half hour, you're better off going somewhere else).This place is mac&cheese heaven! They have so many options to choose from! You can choose from either their own creations or make your own! Unfortunately, I was only able to try the Jalapeño Popper Mac which was to DIE for! I didn't think mac&cheese could get any better than this. I will definitely be back to try their other creations. Can't wait!!!
ONLY DOWNSIDE:
I got super lucky and found seating as soon as I entered, but the facility is TINY. So don't expect to find a seat (especially during lunch hour/busy day). 
They package their mac&cheese in microwave friendly bowls, though. So feel free to take it home to eat.Our favorite mac and cheese! Online tray ordering is easy and efficient! Pick up was quick and our guests enjoyed every last nite! YumGreat portions, fast and friendly service, amazing different combinations all of which are great and delicious. Love Mac and cheese and this place gets it.We ordered two different variety and both were semi dry ( although description says creamy).  No crusty cheese - just awful pre-made toppings.  I will not be going again ever!When Mac Mart was just a food truck, this place was so hyped up. I went to the food truck festival last year and waited in line for probably an hour for this mac and cheese. I think it tasted so good because I had been salivating for it for an hour in line. 
I'll admit that the potato chip panko is unique and the mac and cheese is good, but I really think this place was overhyped. 
My friends and I went to the actual restaurant back in September and we liked it. We loved that they gave us our food in reusable containers and we liked getting to be more creative with how we wanted our mac. However, it was still pretty average, just like my experience at the truck. 
I'm not saying I'll never be back to Mac Mart but I definitely have realized how much this place was talked up! If you go in there expecting to be mind blown, you'll be disappointed.This is not a food truck.  It's a full high quality Mac and cheese oasis of a restaurant.I've been to the truck and storefront a total of 7 times now and have never been let down. Cheese lovers this is where it's at. Crabby Mac and Margarita Mac are my fav. Looking forward to more visits.Mac and cheese is good but the toppings r kind of unspectacular. Corn bread crumbs a little too tasteless. Also overpriced for mac and cheeseThis place is affordable, fast, and delicious. I tend to prefer moister Mac and cheese but given that this is essentially fast food, it wasn't an issue for me. This was so good. I got one of the classic creations vs. building my own, but everything looked good and most importantly, everyone looked so happy eating their food regardless of their orders!
It is super filling - one pound of very high calorie Mac and cheese and toppings. Not a deterrent at all for me, but it did mean I couldn't finish it all in one sitting (if you're someone who doesn't like leftovers and who doesn't eat very much, you might not be as into it - but I happen to love them!).
It is a tiny place, so there is hardly any seating. It's not a good place to go with a group (or depending on time of day, even by yourself) unless you have somewhere else to go and eat; Rittenhouse square is nearby for nice weather.
Finally, the service was friendly. There was actually a malfunction with the credit card payment system when I was there, perhaps due to an Internet issue they were having, so my meal ended up being free because they couldn't get the payment to go through. They were so nice about it. I'll definitely go back just to support them - and, to enjoy the food!So good, so bad for you. Delicious food in cute to-go containers. Located in ideal shopping area. Friendly staff and decent prices (especially for a college student). Highly recommend!I was excited to try the Mac Mart after seeing them in a video on Facebook.  Macaroni & Chese is my all time favorite side dish, and hearing about a place that takes it and turns time into different variations of entrées, immediately peaked my interest ... What's even better is that they deliver, so on a lazy Sunday, a friend and I looked over the menu and ordered some food. 
I got an "In the Buff" buffalo chicken mac & chesse, and a "Crabby Mac".  To my disappointment, they were not as great as I was expecting. I prefer to have so much cheese in my macaroni you can see it stretch out everytime you pull a spoonfull away from the bowl, and these mac and cheeses were lacking that. The toppings could have also had a more generous portion for the price.
All in all, they were tasty just lacking in the amount of overall ingredients for me, which is surely a preference. I say try the mac mart for yourself and decide if it's something you like or not, because this place seems to be pretty popular.I saved my 100th review for this place. I have such a respect for Mac Mart because like me, the owner and founder is a Drexel University Alumni. It started out with a bright pink food trunk on our campus. I remember it was the only macaroni and cheese truck in Philly. Won a lot of awards. And for good reason! 
I got lunch there once a week my freshman year. And even my sophomore year, when the prices went up to prepare for a store front. 
I was so excited when this place got a building in center city. It's hard to miss with the bright neon pink sign. It's kinda like cold stone. They have original recommended flavors (my go to is In the Buff) or a build your own. It is $10 but it usually lasts two meals for me. It even comes in reusable Tupperware! 
And the staff there is so generous. They're attentive, attractive, and caring. Ready to help and answer questions. They all seem to genuinely love their jobs. 
If I'm anywhere remotely near the store, I stop byYummy. 
I had plain mac n cheese, it was really good. 
Hubby had buffalo mac n cheese, he seemed to really like it. 
Good food.Went yesterday with a few friends after walking around the city most of the day. The mac and cheese is amazingly creamy, and the pasta is cooked perfectly. I got the Rittenhouse, and I don't think I'll ever eat mac and cheese without spinach & artichoke dip on top ever again.If you love Mac and cheese then this is the place for you. The Mac and cheese itself tastes great but my favorite is that you can customize your Mac and cheese with toppings and add ons. I can never finish so I'm grateful that it Mac comes in a Tupperware container. I can't wait to go back.I still love this place a year later! And now on Tuesdays they have MAC & CHEESE TACOS!! Thought it sounded silly but that is one delicious creation. The roasted red pepper pesto I tried today is also delightful. No, it's not the best mac & cheese in the city by my taste, but it's so perfectly satisfying as a quick and easy and filling comfort food & the toppings are high quality. Also appreciate the sustainable choice of serving in reusable microwaveable Tupperware. Try it!My 3 year old and I thank you for having our favorite food group- Mac-n-cheese as a whole restaurant! We have always loved visiting their truck, and now are excited that we can have it anytime we want! That being said... Prepare for a serious carb load! I am thinking it will be a great catering option for his birthday!I so wanted to love this place. I've never been so disappointed in Mac and cheese. It was so al dente and chewy that I could barely eat it. I'm assuming this was intentional and just how they serve their take on Mac and cheese. Terribly overpriced also. What a letdown.I've been a frequent customer of Drexel alumni Marti's Mac Mart Cart, aka "The Big Pink", since I started working at Drexel and I am thrilled that they have opened a fast casual storefront so close to my work. It's the perfect indulgent cheesy treat to go. The staff is passionate about their product and loyal to their fans and customer. They're great at engaging on social media too. Go for the original 7-cheese mac or one of their signature recipes. The Corndog Cup is one of my favorites with cornbread crumbles and hot dog bites. #GotYourMacOnI was so excited that they went from a food truck to a restaurant and it was so close to my work! I went for lunch with my co-workers and was super impressed with their customized tupperware that the mac came in. It was about $11 for the food, a little steep but I knew it was coming before I went. I got the cowboy cup which is jalapeno infused mac topped with bacon, buttermilk ranch and cornbread crunch. I watched the girl put the jalapeno oil on the mac and I should have known from there. There was so much jalapeno oil on it that it took me forever to eat it because my mouth was on fire. It was good, but would have been enjoyable if I didn't just pick little bites because my mouth was burning. It was $11 so I was not going to waste it!The food is great but the only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is that I went to try it today and I've noticed that the container was smaller which for the price of $10 feels like a rip off. I've had Mac Mart before and I never thought the portions were small but this time I felt cheated. The employees are nice and it's a good place but Mac & Cheese for that price and for the amount you are getting isn't something I would go frequently for.Ok while I don't know how many people are jumping up and down fighting for $12 Mac and cheese for lunch.. let me tell you it is money well spent. I had the chicken basil pesto Mac and cheese and my oh my was that something special. The portion seems small but considering how rich and hearty the contents are, I ended up turning it into 2 meals.
The combination of flavors are unique and truly delightful. As the weather is getting colder I see this as a great option for comfort food. Give your body some tlc with this mac!I have been here a few times and the mac and cheese is good, all be it a smidge thick but otherwise good with a drink. Today I came for the lobster mac bowl. I had seen a picture on facebook and it looked amazing. I get there, order, and as I am beig handed my first bowl I realize it is half the size of the normal bowl. Turns out there are two kinds of mac and cheese with lobster the baller mac, which is what I actully saw on FB and lobster mac which is apparently half the size(which you can tell because they use two different color bowls) and twice the price and simply offers lobster on mac and cheese with some bread crumbs. I asked if I could just pay the difference for the baller bowl and have them use the mac I hadn't even touched yet(still had the lid on it and the second order hadn't been completed) and the lady working had an attitude said she couldnt do anything "because its already made" we came specifically for the baller bowl and we were disappointed to say the least. The lobster mac is not bad but underwhelming for nearly 13 dollars especially given that you get half the amount.Mac 'n cheese from here was delicious ! Came all the way from NYC and was happy that I did. The choices are endless and you can't go wrong ! Great customer service too !This place is so so so good! I had the Mac n cheese topped with bbq sauce and pork (I believe? I don't know I ate it so fast). I want to go back and try the Mac n cheese with the chicken and the pesto and the one with the buffalo chicken. If you don't like any of their options, you can also build your own. The dishes are about $10, but you get a huge serving. I shared mine with a friend. There's limited seating, so I recommend taking your meal to go. The wait may be a tad bit long since they just opened, but trust me, it's worth it. This restaurant is conveniently located near several bars and rittenhouse square. I love going to continental midtown for happy hour and then stopping by here for dinner on the way home. You have to try it out!Literally just received a bowl of breadcrumbs. Still looking for the mac and cheese in the bowl. Maybe I'll find it eventually... pretty unsatisfying.Probably one of my favorite food spots in philly. If you are a mac and cheese lover, look no further!  They are totally worth the calories and taste great even as leftovers.Amazing Mac! Just moved from Texas to Philly and the Mac Mart is one of the first places in the city that I've ventured to (other than Redding Terminal). I had the Smoked and Spicy Pulled Pork and it was simply amazing. The staff was friendly and let us know about the usefulness of their take-away bowls.
I'm an artist who works in the city a lot so I'll definite return.Went here on a cold winter night. We actually plan to go to this place way back after the opening. 
Our car park near to this place, we decided to finally try this place.
Man, the cheese that they're using is out of this world. It's not salty or gooey like most of the mac&cheese that i've taste.
We ordered BBQ Bacon bowl with Sriracha on the side. It was the bomb especially during cold night.
Everything taste perfect. The warm cheese and macaroni. The heat from the sriracha and the smoky smell from the BBQ sauce.
One of my favorite place hands downWas so excited when this opened in walking distance from my office since I had heard so many great things about the food truck. Went with 3 others and we all got different combinations and can't wait to return to try even more. Very filling, lasted 2 meals and staff was quick and friendly.Have you ever had a random craving for mac and cheese but didn't want to spend $20 on a full size serving or $10 on a side dish serving at a really cool bar? Then Mac Mart is the place for you! 
I had the Crabby Mac, which is a surprisingly good deal for just $9.50 plus tax (with bits of real crab!). The base mac and cheese itself is sooooooo cheesy! I've spent the same amount on side dish servings at bars, and they didn't have as much cheese as this! 
I imagine they make a lot and then keep it on a warmer because it's like a "fast food" place, right? I've had others (from fast food like places) that were burnt or dried out, but not here! I'm very surprised and happy with how it turned out. 
You also get a lot for the price. It's about a pound, I think someone else said before. And they have a lot of cool toppings like caramelized onions, fresh mozzarella, and FRICKIN TATOR TOTS!!Fast, affordable, delicious. Unique menu. Treated with kindness and respect. I would recommend for quick lunch or quick dinner.I'm fairly new to Philadelphia so when my friend was  planning to visit from Maryland I wanted to be sure that I showed her a good time and all things unique to Philly. I chose Mac Mart as our destination after a long day playing walking tourists. I had a feeling it was a good choice & im glad I went with my gut. We walked in & were greeted by the acclaimed. The place has a few tables for outside seating as well as [small] diner like-countertop seating inside. They played some really good music as we checked out the menu. I got the Cowboy & my friend opted for the crab style dish (must be a Maryland thing, lol) SN: she added bacon. Go for it! We each got a bow with a lemonade & dug in. REALLY good Mac, man. Plus, the bowl was so filling that I only finished half. Not to worry they were sure to let me know that the bowl is recyclable & dishwasher safe. We're pretty lively girls so after we finished .. we danced & one of the workers joined in a bit (remaining behind the counter, of course). Overall a good vibe. I'm adding it to the list of places that I take ALL of my out of town guests.First time I ever ordered from here. Food was really good and delivered quicker than expected. Only bad thing was that the food was cold :( don't know if it was because the delivery man was on a bicycle? I'll try again thoughThis place is great for a quick but delicious bowl of various types of macaroni and cheese! The staff is very efficient and accommodating. I really liked that the containers they serve the meal in is reusable. The seating indoors is limited but there are a couple  of outdoor tables.Anything mac and cheese related, you can count me in! Coming to Philly to visit, my friend told me we had to hit this spot, and so we did. 
Walking in, it was a small space, but very aesthetically pleasing. The staff was very friendly, and made some pretty helpful recommendations to us. 
After taking some time, I settled on the Cowboy Cup Mac, which was mac and cheese with jalapeno oil, and bacon, topped off with cornbread and ranch. When I first saw it, I wondered if it was really worth it since the portions didn't seem that big. However, the mac and cheese was so rich that it definitely filled me up. 
The mac and cheese was pretty good, the highlight I would have to say is the jalapeno oil. This made a world of difference for the flavors of the mac and cheese, such a great idea. One personal preference that I would have is for the mac and cheese to be cheesier, more of a saucy cheese than thick.
Wish I could come here more often to try the other menu options. For those that are craving a decadent bowl of mac and cheese - you gotta check this place out.Brilliant idea and so delicious ! I wish I lived in Philly so I could become a regular.Really good mac and cheese but a little expensive for mac and cheese.  I like that you can reuse the container that they give you your food in and the staff is super nice.  Very nice minimalist decor.THE MAC MART HAS CHANGED MY LIFE FOR THE BETTER! Never have I experienced the best mac n cheese in my life! It breaks my heart there isn't any Mac Marts in the west coast 
More of a reason to come back to Philadelphia!This restaurant was a hidden gem that I found while walking down the street in Philadelphia visiting from Miami! 
I ordered the Crabby Mac and added bacon well my girlfriend simply ordered the crabby Mac as listed on the menu. The name described it well it was very crabby and delicious. I however I found that the bacon made it taste less crabby but still very tasty. The macaroni was very cheesy and cooked to perfection. If you like macaroni and cheese or if you'd like cheese this place is for you! You are even able to customize what you want on your own macaroni and cheese. Call dishes come in a adorable reusable container that is perfect for reheating. Usually I hate eating reheated noon from a restaurant but this macaroni and cheese tasted better the second time than it did the first time! It was so much food that you might want to consider Sharing a plate if you are with someone. And if not you'll definitely have enough for lunch the following day. 
You won't regret stopping at the Mac Mart!I had the barbeque chicken mac and cheese. It was very flavorful and tasty. The portion size seems small and i wish it were a little bigger but it mostly filled me up. I would definatly reccomend this to a friend and go back again.I saw on Philly.com that a new Mac and Cheese place was opening near my office so I had to try it out.   The place is clean and cute but did not have much of a seating area so we had to  take it to go.  
The layout is backwards.  The line was out the door instead of streaming it thru the restaurant so I held the door for a  few people (no choice) and I was the 4th person in line.  Perhaps they can use one of those line leader things where it helps people stand in line in the store?
The mac and cheese was GOOD/TASTY but it was warm.  I'm not sure if it was because it was I had not choice but to take it to go or because it was just not hot enough.  I'm thinking the latter.    I have to say that adding the topping made the meal much tastier.   
The price was a bit much but the portion was enough for 2 meals... $11 for a bowl of mac and cheese.   It's tasty but not an everyday lunch place especially since the $11 excluded a drink and a place to eat my meal.Very yummy Mac and cheese.. They give you big portions and are friendly. They top the mac and cheese with potato chip panko crumbs.. What more could you ask for!?! Can't wait to go back again.Mac Mart is the epitome of comfort food for this stressed out law student. The Mac n cheese is amazing- the pasta is delightfully chewy and the cheese sauce is unique and flavorful. I've tried their classic Mac, buffalo chicken Mac, and the tater tot Mac. Word on the street is they're releasing a hash brown Mac later this week... can't wait to try that!Yooo! So we ended up here on a Sunday morning after having heard of someone visiting this place. The Boy got his cowboy cup and I got the jalapeño one which , definitely better of the two. 
The price is pretty ok, I could get two ish meals out of it if I think about the calories I'm digesting. It tastes really good, given I've not been a huge fan of mac n cheese.I too was an eager follower of Mac Mart's truck and ate it whenever it was at Drexel's campus. I was so excited when they announced the brick and mortar. I was not disappointed. There is a huge selection of toppings compared to the truck's daily mixes, and the ingredients are fresher and arranged beautifully given the new and improved containers (which are reusable!).
I had the margarita mac, and the tomato and basil was so perfect with the garlicy panko crunch and rich cheese. My boyfriend got the Heart Attack Mac, which is exactly what it sounds like; it too was incredible and had an excellent flavour assortment going. Despite getting carryout, the new containers still kept the mac warm, and it was still hot by the time we got home - 15 blocks away. This place never disappoints.You should fill soufflé cups with all the different types you offer and call it the undecided or the Kelly whicheverThe location is in a prime spot of Center City, and was the spot we picked to dine at for a quick lunch. The small shop didn't have nearly any dining space open with the amount of people inside (very common in the city) and we were lucky to grab a table outside. Though it was January at the time, we made do. The food is somewhat reasonably priced, depending on what you order. 
I ordered a simple one - Mac & Cheese with caramelized onions, garlic panko and some bacon. The amount of garlic panko on the top was a bit overwhelming, really ruining the dish for my taste. The taste was so strong in every bite that I just had to put my fork down and call it good. While I personally was not a fan, if you enjoy the taste of garlic being very present in every bite, then this could be for you. I have not gone back, but would definitely try it again if I ordered something different. Regardless, the staff were very courteous and easygoing which made the atmosphere of the small shop to be very lively.Awesome Mac n Cheese. Never know one  could get so many variants of the Mac. Will definitely be coming back here for more. Kids and grown ups will love the place.The Macaroni and Cheese here is phenomenal, not to heavy and extremely savory!! Visited my friend in Philly and he took me here and it was a perfect lunch light and delicious. The cheese was velvety and had the perfect amount of spice with the jalapeño oil. Also, the cowboy cup comes with cornbread crumble which provided a nice crunch and the sweetness balanced out the spice! Absolutely Delicious!!Love love it. Ability to change toppings and sauces, add a crunch, or pick from their creations is great. The cowgirl is my favorite. At the time was a special but I think you can order it. Good mac, tasty cheese with the right gooey consistency, and quite fillingNot sure what the hype is about this Mac and cheese. The storefront and people were nice but the product was mediocre . No real flavor and rubbery cheese. Portion size was good. No need to go back.I have been here several times. the Macaroni and Cheese is outstanding. Creamy, Rich, and Delicious. You can choose add one like peppers, proteins, saffron, etc. I always go for the crab or classic mac. The pasta is always cooked perfectly, and it's so nice to have a place in the city that makes great Mac and Cheese.I was a little skeptical on how good a Mac and cheese only place would be. I was way wrong. I got the lobster Mac and cheese special and it blew my mind. I've had every kind of Mac and cheese out there (probably my favorite "bad" food. They do a great job making it just cheesy enough without it being overbearing and the size for the lobster special was perfect. Keep it up!I looooove mac and cheese. Enough to pay $10+ even though I was reluctant. I was surprised to see how small the portions are and the price point made me even more frustrated. Nevertheless, I tried to move on from monetary things. Ordered "the Rittenhouse" and was pleased but not wowed. Definitely would have loved more cheesy-ness or larger portion! 4/5 for cool location and nice concept but deducted points for price and sizing.Very creative dishes, fun atmosphere, and tasty mac and cheese. 
However, it is a little on the pricey side, but the menu is a great inspiration for spicing up your own mac and cheese at home!Passed this place on my way back to my hotel. I love Mac and cheese so I thought I'd have to stop in before I left. I ordered the Barclay Basil Chicken Mac and cheese and I thought it was really good! It could have been better if it was hot and not 'warm.' t could have used more chicken though. I think I only had a few tiny tiny pieces in mine. The crunchy potato chip bits on top were nice and the basil was good. Most of the time basil pesto can be gross unless you make it from scratch with fresh ingredients. If there was more it was finely chopped and hidden. Since they only have Mac and cheese it felt more like a guilty snack rather than a meal. I was starving and had a very early breakfast (granola bar) and ate this at 230 and I'm still a little hungry. Also, it may have been $9.75 and a lot of other reviewers are saying it's ridiculously overpriced but the price didn't really influence my decision. It's not like I'm stopping there every day. For a guilty snack go for it!very good! the only thing i wish for is for the menu to be a dollar or 2 cheaper~ i think this joint is pricier than it should be.  they're probably banking on their reputation from the mac truck... Idk tho~ CC has many more fabulous choices for lunch that maybe less or around the same price range as the mac mart's brick and mortar.  To me, this doesn't seem to be as appealing for a value meal.
but other than, the mac n cheese is great! very homemade feel with a variety of toppings to choose from~ i will put in a good word but plz plz plz consider lowering the prices for the striving hard workers of phillly :PThis is probably the worst Mac and cheese I've ever had. I was so excited to eat here. But the food was lukewarm at best. The noodles were mushy. Too much bread crumb. We ordered the "wit" Mac and the margarita Mac. We each took maybe 2 bites of each and couldn't eat anymore. Absolutely disgusting. I will never eat here again. What a disappointment!What a relief, no more 20 minute waits in line at the truck! That ALONE is worth what ever they are chargin at the store haha.  Just had my first bowl from the store, got the "wit mac" which is pornographic combination of really sweet perfected caramelized onions(love those onions!!) and a very nice portion of shredded cheesesteak steak, and of course that mysterious crunchy topping with a lil ketchup action too..I won't lie, I added more ketchup on mine when I got home.  Grabbed my order and drove 6 minutes to home base.  the meal was perfect once I opened the lid, you immediately tell yourself "ok eat half and save the other half for later" but I was like Ghandi fasting hungry and ended up housing the entire portion. It was devilishly delicious adventure direct to my stomach, surprised the flavor police haven't arrested the cooks at mac mart for making mac n cheese too delicious, its not fair, I cant make it like that at home haha!
Price- if I'm not mistaken its $2 more than it is at the truck, I recall the truck being $8, at the store it is $10, but you def 100% get your values worth and a free container and you get  bit more in the portion than the paper boat the truck offered!  Obviously the price went up because their location in center city is too good to be true, and I'm sure the rent there is no joke, like I said previously, im ok to pay $2 extra to not wait in 20 minute lines full of humans texting on smartphones. Plus if you are in car there are some legit "loading zones" around there with 30 minute limits so you don't have to pay the evil PPA just to get your mac mart on.
LOVE the appearance of this location, very groovy neon pink signs will warm the heart of any person, especially if you are stoned its a very pleasant tranquil atmosphere inside the lil shop, and very futuristic with the display monitor menu.  Was surprised a robot didn't hand me my food or something its so sci-fi in there!
Big ups to Marti and Garret for giving the city of Philadelphia truly special.  Mr.Oz loves it!  Will def make it a point to try every flavor variety, especially the rare lobster one!As a mac and cheese aficionado, you can imagine my excitement when I heard that Mac Mart (featured on Food Insider) was just a mere 22 blocks away from my apartment. I brought a group of friends to check out the hype and found pricey, oily mac and cheese. Portion size is relatively small (as expected) though the employee was trying to convince us that the container was equal to 1 lb of food which may or may not be true... 
Between my 6 friends and I, we ordered: the regular, cowgirl, spicy jalapeno, bbq, crab and buffalo. My favorite was a tie between the cowgirl and crab. Cowgirl definitely had more flavors and ingredients, making me feel like I was getting more bang for my buck. However, the crab was just plain good. My friend inhaled his entire bowl in 5-7 minutes. I got the regular and of course wanted to eat it over several days. SURPRISINGLY, I found that the mac and cheese tasted better reheated! There was an added garlic smell I hadn't tasted when they served it to me at the store, and I also got to pour away excess oil at home. 
Would I go back? Probably not. I want to sign up for their promos though because I heard Mac Mart had a $5 promotion the week before we came. In conclusion, I think they have good quality food, just not worth the trek and I'd rather spend $12-15 on a sit-down meal at another restaurant in Philadelphia. Shout out for their cool washable and microwavable containers though! Better than recycling and you're also paying for a useful container ;)Full disclosure: I fell in love with MacMart shortly after moving to Philly in 2013 via social presence alone & never got the chance to try the delicious mac [due to insane lines when MacMart was able to serve lunch @ Love Park; my lunch break couldn't fit both a walk from Rittenhouse Sq Park to Love Park PLUS the insanely long lines that more often than not lead to complete sell outs when you were lucky enough to be standing in the line; which is saying a lot bc I typically got 45 minute lunches and I don't punch a time clock]
So, when I ordered my very first MacMart, it was via The Oval in 2014 & and I was one of the lucky few that got to order before sellout, but of course by the time I was able to order, my preferred mac (Spinach Artichoke) was sold out, so I went for #2 choice, BBQ.  My mac was cold. I paid over $10 for mac & cheese (usually 99 cents for a box, throw in a few extra cents for the extra cheese & condiments this mac chef adds, & still you are under $3 net by far)  AND IT WAS COLD. I didn't complain at all at the time; I felt so lucky to have even been given the opportunity to order in the first place after all the Love Park sellouts I experienced, so who was I to complain, this is what happens when everyone wants the same thing.  
Well, fast forward a year, year & a half - to the day of the announced soft opening of the brick & mortar store...  it's POURING BUCKETS of rain outside. But I don't care. How many unsuccessful lines have I stood in at this point for MacMart with NO SUCCESS unless you count the one bowl of NOT SPINACH ARTICHOKE BUT BBQ MAC & NOT JUST REG BBQ MAC BUT COLD BBQ MAC?! My boyfriend & I see the neon in the window was we are hunched under the same umbrella & feel relief... "oh my goodness, the rain kept the other Mac maniacs away, we can actually order quality mac in peace.."
So we thought. We walked in to the small, smart, clean place with 3+ employees with their elbows on the counters just waiting for some business to be told, "Whoops, sorry, the soft opening day is being pushed back due to the City permit situation". My external voice said "Oh, okay.  Thanks."  while my internal voice said "OH OKAY WELL GREAT OF YOU TO ANNOUNCE A SOFT OPENING ON SOCIAL MEDIA WHEN YOU DIDN'T EVEN HAVE CLEARANCE FROM THE CITY YET BC #1 MY BF WOULDN'T HAVE TRAVELED THROUGH SO MANY NEIGHBORHOODS TO MEET ME FOR LUNCH OR #2 I WOULD'VE HAD LUNCH DELIVERED TO MY OFFICE SO I WOULDN'T HAVE HAD TO TRAVERSE THROUGH THE WETTEST DAY PHILADELPHIA HAS SEEN ALL YEAR JUST FOR A BOWLFUL OF DISAPPOINTMENT"
So, MacMart (Brick & Mortar) opens & for the first few weeks I see lines down the block to get in. Well, within the first couple of weeks I happen to walk by at a non-peak time with a coworker & seeing no line, I convince her to try it out. I FINALLY get my first taste of Spinach Artichoke mac (a la the Rittenhouse or whatever they call it now). We are kind of rushed through the line and I kind of have sticker-shock over my total, but maybe 4 bites in I'm beyond stuffed & realize this carb-overload will feed me for a few meals making the outrageous price forgivable.
This experience leads me to talking my very-unimpressed-due-to-the-soft-opening-snafu-boyfriend in to meeting me there for lunch shortly thereafter, as I foolishly thought the staff must've learned how to handle crowds at this point. I show up late-ish for lunch-time 1:30 to 2:30ish, unimpressed bf in tow.... we finally decide on our mac orders, and then as we hand over the cc, I present the Mac Mart "punch" card I was given at my first-ever brick & mortar Mac visit... only to be told despite SPENDING OVER TWENTY DOLLARS ON MAC & CHEESE that day for two orders, you can only get one initial (i.e punch) per visit, regardless of # of mac bowls on your order.  
Let me just break that logic down via capitals for everyone, because surely nobody sticks with a review for this long. MAC MART DOESN'T CARE IF YOU ARE GIVING THEM 1 EXTRA LOYAL CUSTOMER BESIDES YOURSELF, OR TWO, OR FIVE, OR TEN (equivalent to $20 dollars worth of mac, or $30, or $60, or $110) YOU ONLY GET ONE PUNCH PER VISIT & THAT IS THAT.  Of course, to redeem said punches for a free bowl of mac, that means you had to have spent a BARE MINIMUM of $100 on mac & cheese (that's using $10 as an average, if you got JUST naked mac EVERY SINGLE TIME & JUST BY YOURSELF you could spend a mere $82.50) then and only then are you entitled to a delicious bowl of Mac on the house.  
That particular experience of receiving just one "punch" despite bringing multiple customers on-board led me to the realization that I somehow got sucked into the Philly food scene hype, and that it was BEYOND overrated. I have top notch culinary skills myself, and if I find myself in the mood to overload on carbs, I can save myself roughly $5 per bowl of mac even if I buy every extravagant cheese & condiment & topping possible. TL;DR, make your own mac if you can boil noodles & mix in 5 - 10 ingredients.Don't ever go here unless you want the staff to screw up your to go order. And I was the only one in the restaurant at the time. Sure they refunded my money, but only after I walked back up there.Incredible, gourmet mac n cheese. Only downside is very limited seating and pricey meals. But otherwise, a fantastic, hip take on the classic mac n cheese bowl. Also, it's conveniently located in the shopping district in the Rittenhouse Square area. Would definitely go again.A good place to stop if you craving some Mac and cheese.  I remember when they had the pink truck pumping that cheesy goodness around Drexel university when it was only 8 for a bowl. Yes 8 is high but now it's over 10.00. It a treat every now and then. This time I had the BBQ bacon bowl and it was ok.My boyfriend and I recently visited Mac mart and we absolutely loved our Mac!! We both LOVE Mac and cheese so we knew we had to try it and let me tell you we weren't disappointed! We got the Marts Mac which looks like basic Mac but it had a twist! Crushed up Potato chips! Some people might be skeptical but we were hooked at our first bite And the tupper ware they served the Mac in was so cute! And dishwasher and microwave safe how can you beat that!! We will definitely be returning for sure!!!Mehhh. I mean Mac and Cheese is normally good but I was underwhelmed by Mac Mart. Good concept though as a specialty Mac and Cheese place with lots of flavor combinations and toppings. I think this place has potential, I just wouldn't come back as is. 
I would recommend them having two sizes so people can get this as a side since Mac and cheese is more of a side dish than a main dish. And I would also recommend actual plates for a dining in option since there are seats (vs the take out plastic container we got)This was my first time here at Mac Mart Restaurant and I loved it! I always hear about the food truck but I am glad that they finally have a restaurant. 
Menu was loaded with a variety of different mac and cheeses.
I ordered IN THE BUFF which was original mac and cheese with buffalo chicken chunks, Pam Pam's Buttermilk Ranch & potato chip panko crunch. It was really good but I think it was a little pricey it was $9.50 for a medium size mac and cheese. 
Also the restaurant was very tiny and there is not a lot places to sit. There was only 2 small tables outside but this will not be good when the winter comes. Overall, this a great place to eat original mac and cheese or try a different twist with mac and cheese they have:
BARCLAY BASIL CHICKEN BOWL
BBQ IN A BOWL
HEART ATTACK
COWBOY CUP
FAT-N-HAPPY
CORNDOG CUP
"WIT" MAC
THE RITTENHOUSE
JALAPENO POPPER BOWL
ROASTED RED PESTO
MARGHERTIA MACI ate here for the first time today.
The first thing I have to say is not about the food.  It is about those who were working.
I left my bag at the table outside after eating during the busy CC Monday lunch hour today.
I did not realize until I got back to the office a half hour later that I did so.
I had some important things in there.  I quickly called the store and the person who answered was so nice.  They said they were not at the store now but headed back and would ask the girls working behind the counter to look in the meantime.
So I am not quite sure how but they had it for me in their back closet waiting!  
So the staff is awesome.
And the mac and cheese build a bowl kills it especially if you get the ketchup and potato chip panko on top.
I wish there were more stars because any restaurant that has a ketchup add-on is gonna be a true love of mine.
I have never been to the cart and did not know it ever existed- I am so happy this is a brick and mortar just a block from work.  
Tbh, before this place opended and there was just the flourescent sign outside, I assumed it would be a makeup place.  I really love the sign and I am really happy it is mac n cheese rather than makeup.Saw a Diners, Drive-ins and Dives episode and have been craving Mac & Cheese since!
Just arrived at our hotel and found we could get delivery (Caviar app)!!
2 in the buffs, a basic chicken and a good 'ol Mac & Cheese. All that was left was cheese on the bowl sides.
We would absolutely get more and HIGHLY recommend!!!Seriously awesome mac & cheese. A little pricey but most things in the city are. I just think a bowl of mac and cheese should probably be a little under $10.First time visitor there today. My daughter picked it out for us to go to lunch to today. A small establishment but packed with flavor!!! You can basically get any topping on your Mac and cheese. Loved there Shirley Temple soda!!! Staff was wonderful to us. They brought out extra stools to sit on. It is a perfect place to sit outside when the weather gets warm. Also it's great to take and go. We will be back there again!!!Good mac and cheese and awesome selections. I'll definitely be returning, but the price and portions are hard to justify. Mac and cheese is a simple thing to make, and some of their selections are over $10 for a small container of mac. Definitely good for a snack -- if your wallet can handle it.I love Mac and Cheese. Mac Mart makes GREAT mac and cheese. Also it puts incredible toppings on it. Just get the mac and cheese with bacon and a bit of panko crumbs, and you will be a very happy camper.I hadn't planned on stopping by this place but Mac and cheese is my ultimate weakness so after eating a cheesesteak next door and passing by the store front for Mac Mart I caved and had to go in. There were many combos to choose from and I wanted to love the Mac and cheese but it was just okay. The flavor combos were interesting but the execution was like warm Mac and cheese that had really heavy cheese and some toppings. At $9 a container, I can't see myself coming back unless I have a Mac and cheese craving and didn't want to go to a sit down restaurant.The mac is good- great with the customizable options, but when you add a bit of everything- you get an overpriced bowl of mac. 
I'd buy the jalapeño topping alone and eat that- it's that tasty  
Def worth a visit for the novelty factor- but not a place to
Go out of your way for...
Solid 3.5 starsMac Mart is another food truck gone brick 'n mortar. I'm glad it did because now you can get this delicious macaroni everyday of the week but Sunday. Their attractive store on 18th Street has room inside or outside for eating.  Mac 'n cheese is a classic comfort food and when you taste their original seven cheese potato chip panko crunch macaroni, you'll know why!I love mac and cheese! I came across this place on yelp and decided to try it out. I walked in and thought to myself wow everything is nice and organized. I walked up to the cashier and asked which was better the crabby mac or the lobster mac and cheese. She said it was a personal preference which I can understand but who says that to a customer? Luckily her counterpart stepped in and helped me make my decision. Overall, customer service is 50/50. The lobster mac and cheese was good just overpriced for the amount of food. It was $15.90 for the lobster mac n cheese and a small drink.its a very cute little place for take out but the seating is extremely limited. overall the Mac and Cheese was good and had a lot of combinations (including creating your own) which is interesting. I personally wouldn't come back or go out of my way to come back unless its a craving.We visited Mac Mart on a trip to Philly, after reading reviews.  We really enjoyed it.  It's a great Mac and Cheese "bar".  They have good Mac and cheese, with all kinds of cool toppings.  I had the crabby Mac, which was really good ,if you like crab.  My son had one with buffalo chicken, which he loved, and my husband had one called the heat attack, which had bacon and carmelized onions.  All three were really good, and SUPER filling.  I am sure that we will be back when we return to the area.Very, very cheesy and kind of heavy but definitely tasty! Staff is friendly and store is nice and clean. Lots of unique and flavorful mac combinations.Good concept. Small storefront but Great Mac and cheese. I had the Mac and cheese with jalapeño and it was amazing.Walking around trying to find something that was appealing and saw Mac Mart. Stopped in and was greeted by such nice people!!! I had the Mac and Cheese "Wit"..yuuummmmm! I will definitely be back!!!Mac and cheese is ok, but could be better. Also, really wish they had smaller sizes, as sometimes you just want a little snack/treat but not a meal's worth.Simply yummy! Stopped by on Saturday for a Walt Wit! So happy I did. I will return to try other options.Love this place. Went to school in philly and make a special trip back here every time I'm in town. Love there rotating menu items and their multitude of topping options. But best part about this place is there base Mac and cheese recipe. Anything you try here will be delicious!The staff is very welcoming & nice, the place is clean, the only thing that's honestly preventing me from giving it a five star is that the mac & cheese have a weird hard texture. Like it's been undercooked or over cooked. It's not just one time, I've given it 3 tries & all outcome is the same. The food truck they have is amazing. It's what made me super stoked about the store but it's honestly not the same. I'm very sad about that...it's just not the same.Very disappointed in this place. Wawa has better mac and cheese compared to Mac Mart. The sauce was dry and flavorless, the mac wasn't cooked long enough. Small portion of steak on top. Its a great concept, but poorly executed. I feel like this place is coasting off of the novelty of their product rather than quality. Price point is too high ($11) for a cheap ingredient food to not be good.So I have passed by here many times. They have great signage/design. I love the interior. Its great. So it is my first time here and I ask myself what should I get? Tons of options. The employees offered no really good options. So I chose the crab mac. Its $10. Honestly I do not mind paying it at all. Crab is expensive. Its a cool concept. No worries I got the $10. Then when I am asked for a drink (which ruined it for me). I said I would like fountain water/tap water.  It is August and 90 degrees and I just want water. The employee tells me they only sell bottle water. They are out of 'tap'. I laugh to myself. You are out of tap? You have to be joking. I see the water option on their soda fountains, and they clearly are not out of cups. I hate bottle water ladies and gentlemen. Bottle water is one of the biggest corporate sell outs of the past decade. I dont drink it. It is blasphemy for a restaurant to not offer tap/fountain water to a customer. Especially when I can see it in clear sight. It is pretentious to say you only sell bottle water. And because you only sell bottle water. I will never be back. This place feels like Manhattan and all the things that are wrong with it. And it makes me think Rittenhouse is slowly becoming Manhattan. (which is depressing). I will NEVER BE BACK. Oh and the Macaroni wasnt even that great.Honestly not worth the price 
It's the same set up as chipotle or a salad bar..and not that hotWith a pretty simple menu offering several different flavors, this is a great grab and go spot that will more than satisfy your carb craving and ready to eat in a matter of seconds. I was suprised at how much flavor I got from the Marta Mac which is just the traditional mac and cheese topped with panko chips. 
The container they give you is worth saving to!I love mac mart! Ever since they were on Drexels campus. The mac is great - I highly recommend the jalapeño popper mac for those who like creamy and spicy mac! The potato chip Panko breadcrumbs isI am not sure how this place has such high reviews.... awful, over-seasoned, undercooked mac n cheese. I'm hoping I went on a bad day and am willing to give it another shot with a different order but I am not super hopeful. I got the spinach and artichoke mac n cheese and had to end up throwing most of it out. My girlfriend tried a bite and agreed. WAY too garlicky of a flavor (tasted onion in there as well but not positive) that overpowered the whole dish. Also, it was served only mildly warm whereas I prefer my mac n cheese served hotter and gooier.I don't understand how this place has 4 stars. Y'all are either hella nice or you came in here for a drunken snack.
I am a mac and cheese fan. It's my favorite food. I might even be a connoisseur. But this places gives mac and cheese a bad name. 
Everything seems (is?) microwaved. The potato chip crumbs are different but reminiscent of a kid crushing chips into his sandwich at lunch time. And whether you dine in or eat out your mac and cheese is delivered to you in a Ziploc or Rubbermaid style food storage container.
Also, the place is nearly always empty. There's your sign. It's not good. You think it's going to be a good idea because it's macaroni and cheese and you can't go wrong with that. But save yourself the disappointment. 
Not worth it. Panera has better mac and cheese.So happy I finally caught this truck! The line was long but I decided to go for it anyway. I am glad I did because it went by quickly and it was amazing! I was really looking forward to the spinach and artichoke mac but since it wasnt on the menu opted for the Bbq Bacon.  Portion was huge and definitely enough to save as a bite for later. Mac had a ton of flavaaa and the crispy bacon and sweet bbq was a perfect topping. Great customer service today too. Sweet ladies and great Mac! Lives up to the hype ;)Love this spot, a wonderful addiction to Manayunk. I have never had better quality pho. Amazing service. Will be back, a lot.Oh my! There is nothing more manly than mac and cheese in a pink bag.  I'm secure enough about my sexuality to say I've got heaven in a pink bag! From Night Market, to going down to Love Park  just to get another taste of the goods is well worth it. 
Mac and Cheese , I mean you can't go wrong in what ever route you choose to go with. You have your "Marts Mac" in, I'm gonna hit you with this 7 different types of cheesy, creamy goodness topped with a potato chip crunch. I know right, or if you want to bang out their "Barbecue Bowl" with chicken and cornbread mixed in there with their BBQ sauce that they add on top of this work of art. Just capitol D to the amn.. Just DAMN that is bangin! The concoctions alone  will have anyone going crazy for this. Myself I loved the BBQ Bacon bowl, and the Cowboy Bowl. It is safe to say which ever bowl you go with it is a winner. 
I will give you a minute to wipe the drool coming from your mouth before I continue. 
Mac Mart is always on point with the different ways they can make mac and cheese better. I almost forgot to mention they have a grilled cheese they rock out. "Return of the Mac" and yea there is mac and cheese in this sandwich. 
Their Mac and Cheese Kung Foo is very strong, I highly recommend giving them a shot if you already haven't. A great crew works in this truck, offering you the best option (which is all of it) is what you'd encounter. If you are lactose intolerant, load up on those cheese pills and great ready to experience greatness in a cup/bowl.There seems to be a number of places opening in Philly lately with smaller offerings of specific food items. A hot dog place, a French fry place is on the way and now there's MacMart. I believe it is the storefront version of a food truck of the same name. I've never had the pleasure of eating at the food truck but was happy with what I got here today. 
I went before the lunch rush and there were only a few people ahead of me. The shop is clean, the staff nice and my order was finished about a minute after I placed it. In and out. 
For my first visit I decided on the BBQ in a bowl (chicken, BBQ, cornbread crunch) and added caramelized onions (total cost $12.96 w/soda). It's pretty good. And the portion is such that I couldn't finish it. There is at least a half serving left for later. The bowl they serve it in is specifically re-usable and microwave safe, so I'm definitely encouraged to keep it for later. 
I will go back to try other variations especially now that the weather is getting more comfort food appropriate.Amazing from start to finish. Customize your own flavor,  or get a suggested one or just straight mac and cheese. It's  going to be delicious.  Very creamy,  served in great container to take with if you can't finish.  Small,  clean store with some seating inside and out.  Friendly staff and moderate price point. It's  going to take a lot of visits to try all the combinations of mac, and I'm looking forward to it.I've been here twice now and have some really mixed feelings. After my first visit I left completely unsatisfied. My second trip was better and prompted me to write this review. For starters, I think their mac and cheese needs serious help. For a mac and cheese place, I expected the mac to be the shining star but found it relatively bland and flavorless. It's served warm, not hot. On my first visit, I got the Jalapeño Popper bowl and it was completely underwhelming. There was no kick from the jalapeños nor the jalapeño oil. It was incredibly boring and I definitely would not order it again. After this experience I had not intention of returning. However, I decided to recently give it another go after hearing of their discount on election day. This time I got the Cowboy Cup and MAN was it flavorful. The bacon, ranch, and cornbread crumbs had such an impact on the bowl and this bowl was much better. However, I still felt the mac itself left a lot to be desired. The prices are slightly inflated and service was cold on both visits. Ultimately, I can't justify a better rating for a mac and cheese place serving below average mac and cheese.Love this new little nook and all the inventive ways they spin macaroni and cheese! I see some complaints that it's "pricey" for mac n cheese, but I don't agree - each item on the menu is less than $10, which is a great deal when you compare it to restaurant prices for the same thing. In addition, their "flavors" are all so creative - my friends and I ordered quite the variety so as to get a good sampling.
My personal favorite (and the group's): In the Buff, AKA the buffalo chicken mac n cheese. The creamy ranch and buffalo buffer the richness of the cheese w/ just enough spicy kick and give it this savory goodness that makes you take bite after bite. I want to go back to Mac Mart and eat In the Buff all day every day.
Runner-up: Roasted Red Pesto - if you like veggies and pesto, this is the one for you! The Jalapeno Popper is great for those of you who like spicy and cheesy. The Rittenhouse is reminiscent of spinach and artichoke dip - creamy and rich. I don't think you can go wrong at Mac Mart, each option on the menu looks great! I'll definitely be coming back to fill in my punch card (buy 10 get 1 free!).
Tip for the owners, if they see this: I love the tupperware and I'll definitely be re-using mine! To be eco friendly, it might be a good idea to offer some small discount for people who bring their tupperware back. Just a thought!Went last week and got the crabby mac and it was great! Perfect portion size, just enough to fill you but not make you too sick to continue shopping in the city. The menu had tons of options and I will definitely be going back to try the other options. The restaurant had about 8 seats so it can get crowded, but me and a friend were able to sit and eat no problem. Definitely recommend!Trendy. Tasty. Containers you can keep. Limited fountain drink selection. I've been three times now and I always leave STUFFED! The containers look small but there's some kind of magic that goes on there. Four stars because seating is incredibly limited. The service is good and they're happy to answer any questions.Um, a great idea with lumpy, gooey, tasteless execution. Cute store front, friendly service. Bright small seating area. But it is all about the food, right? We tried the basic Mac and cheese and the basil chicken. Both were like gluey oatmeal. It needed - something? Salt? Flavor? Well it was warm at least. Did not finish. Will try it again in the future to give maybe the bacon addition a try.Girlfriend and I stop by here on a whim. She's a huge fan  of Mac n cheese. The one item that we got was BBQ in the bowl which is basically Mac n cheese itself top with panko crumbs and chicken. As well as the BBQ sauce on top which gave the dish a huge flavor to it. I like this, it gives your life a cheesy goodness feeling.Meh! I was not impressed at all. I'm from out of town and walked by and decided to stop. I usually check Yelp but failed to this time. The noodles didn't seem to be cooked and the crab isn't lump it's a dip. Not a good combination. I'd go out to get something else but i don't even feel like it. Oh well!This former food truck turned regular store is a good addition to the Rittenhouse area. A little expensive for Mac and cheese but they do have some interesting twists. I got the buffalo chicken one and it was tasty. My friend got the one topped with crab and really enjoyed it. Overall a good place to grab lunch and have some leftovers.I first had their mac last year from their food truck at a beer fest, and I have been absolutely smitten ever since! I've only had probably 3 or 4 different kinds of their mac (all delicious) but I would say each kind they offer is probably amazing and worth it. Then they opened the store front and now I can't stay away!I have walked by several times and today I decided to try this place. Mac n Cheese was one of my favorite dishes as a child. They have 5 Vegetarian options and 12 with meats. Plus a "think outside the bowl". I eat  vegetarian and tried The Rittenhouse. Classic mac topped with cheese, garlic sauteed spinach and artichoke dip topped with potato chip panko crunch. definitely NOT my Mom's classic, tasty mac but, very different and delicious. I will definitely come back to treat myself again since this is so close to my office. The service was friendly and they were very quick.Great selection of different mac and cheese dishes. Love the cowboy cup, it's excellent.This place is amazing. I LOVE Mac and Cheese but I never waited in the long lines at the truck, I just drooled over the Instagram pictures and longed for the day I'd have more time/patience to wait. When I heard the store was opening I was beyond excited and finally got to try it on opening day. The Mac is so good and worth being a little on the pricy side. I love the microwavable containers because it is a lot of food and hard to finish. Location is super convenient and staff always friendly.I only got it as Uber Eats but my buffalo chicken mac with bacon was to die for! I'm from out of town and the next time I'm back I'll definitely be eating here again. Portion size was good and taste was amazing! Came quick for delivery too.I was so excited to try this place from recommendations at work about how great it is, Egh I'm not impressed. Perhaps the green take away container was my favorite part.Ran into this place by accident and glad I did visiting from NY and I can say that so far best mac and cheese I've tasted and the choices are unlimited had the original and asparagus topped one and happy. Mac is freshly made and line can get long while waiting for it to be made. Will visit again when in town.The mac and cheese really hits the spot... My first time there today and man I don't know how to describe it but it's perfect! I got the Barclay basil chicken bowl....It's okay.  If I were focusing solely on the macaroni and cheese, it is absolutely not the best I've had.  It is thick and creamy, which is good, but the flavor doesn't seem to be completely cheese.  If I were to eat it plain, it wouldn't be something that I ordered again. 
That being said, I ordered the Margherita Mac.  The basil and tomato mix well with the macaroni.  I wish there was more basil in there.  If there was enough to have some basil in every bite, I would give it another star.  
Service was friendly and quick, we were able to get in and out of there. 
The hot pink bags that they give you are great.  Everyone looks like they are leaving a sex shop or something.We had the heart attack! It was around $10.28. It was delicious but the mac felt a little undercooked. I'm giving it 3 stars just for the taste.I'd be willing to pay $12 for macaroni and cheese if I got a heaping portion. But the serving size was small, the bacon was way too salty and too crunchy (to the point where it was hard to chew), the tater tots were cold and mushy, and the macaroni and cheese itself was not very flavorful. It's a cute idea - mix selected toppings into your mac and cheese - but not for this price and this low level of quality.This is the best Mac and Cheese I have EVER had. The staff was very friendly and very nice. We explained we had come all the way from TN to try their mac and cheese so they treated us well. Good size portions that were very filling. 10/10 would recommendI ordered the original mac n cheese and was really disappointed with it. It tasted like something I'd buy at the grocery store. I wouldn't come here again.So good the best cheesy mac i ever had with a veriaty of toppings i had mines with hot dog bites and the other with baconI've given this place a few attempts. I find that the mac and cheese is totally bland, and the toppings are hit-or-miss. I wouldn't recommend this place at full price, but for discounts and coupons, it's a good portion of decent food.I absolutely love mac and cheese. Having just moved to Philadelphia, I was looking for a new mac and cheese spot. I was super excited when I heard about Mac Mart, but I do have to say I'm quite disappointed. I ordered Marts Mac and added caramelized onions, but it was pretty bland. The caramelized onions and potato chip crumbles added a hint of flavor, but not enough to make up for the lack of flavor of the cheese sauce. I'm not sure if I will come back, but if I do I will be definitely be trying a different flavor.Mac is always amazing and CONSISTENTLY good. Have had most of the flavors. Favorite is when they do the brisket mac, watch their instagram page for pop-up flavors. Whether it is eat-in or delivery, it is always so good.Thought I give the place a try while in Philly. Honestly, the food is mediocre and I was disappointed.
The menu had so many variety, I was overwhelmed and did not what to try. Finally we ordered a In the Buff - a classic Mac topped with buffalo chicken chunks, potato-chip panko crunch, Pam Pam's buttermilk ranch, and a Crabby Mac - Classic Mac topped with creamy cheese & jumbo lump crabmeat dip, Old Bay potato-chip panko crunch. ... The toppings were tasty and flavorful, however the mac and cheese were hard, and simply not hot and melty enough. 
They seem to pride themselves of going green and using green Tupperware instead of plastic plates. But I am not sure what we were suppose to do with the Tupperware after we finish eating there. I dont even see a recycle trash bin.
I had better mac and cheese elsewhere. Sorry, I will not return!The food comes in really strange plates lol. The food is pretty okay. Nothing special. I can make this at home lol. Don't waste your money because it's deff overpricedFor being a huge fan of any kind of Mac and Cheese,  I was really disappointed with this place. The Crabby Mac I ordered literally tasted like velveeta cheese, with crab and potato chips on top that didn't seem to go well together at all.Wow what a find!! Delicious Mac and cheese. Hubs and I got the bacon chicken ranch and the cheesesteak mac. Cheesesteak Mac was OK but hubba hubba I loved the chicken bacon ranch! And they serve each order in reusable (microwaveable + dishwasher safe) tupperware!! Can't wait to go back! Oh and they have Stewart's root beer.It's good, like really good. I have tried the truck before so I was excited to visit the store. I have had the Crabby Mac and the BBQ Mac, both were outstanding. The mac and cheese is creamier when you eat it fresh as opposed to taking it back to the office, BUT either way it's still a good and consistent bowl of macaroni and cheese. Portion size is great and I really dig the fact the containers are reusable. They should probably market because it's kind of smart (plastic haters may disagree but I appreciated it). The place is small and I went right before 12 during my latest visit and I avoided the line and I was in and out quick.  Prices for the most part are reasonable.The Mac n cheese was pretty good , I've never been to a place that specializes in Mac n cheese before. The Crabby Mac was really good I proly shoulda got it without the crushed potato chip on it tho. The workers were real nice so that's always a make or break. Def wanna go back an try a few more flavors tho.So often the things that others rave about, I find to be mundane at best (see my opinions on Friends and Sienfield), I'm happy to say this one lived up to all the hype. The food was delicious and my palette and stomach were both supremely happy. I can't wait to come back!  So why four starts and not five? 
-.25 stars for the space (or lack thereof) the place really is tiny
-.25 for no pictures of the dishes on the menu, it can be overwhelming and they'd help ALOT
-.25 for the soda selection
-.25 for the hours. This place would make a KILLING if it were open just two more hours on the weekend. Don't get me wrong, it'd come with some headaches (just ask insomnia cookies) but as someone who gets off work later than most in center city just an hour or two more would rake in the profit.
All those minor nitpicks aside, do yourself a favor and come here. Light on the wallet and heavy on flavorThe mac n cheese is decent, but unbaked, and runs $9 - $14 for a serving size that leaves a lot to be desired.Date night with my husband . He was telling me about this place and I don't  regret going and enjoying some mac and cheese! Looking  forward to going back and trying different  item's from the menuYesssss! MAc and cheese glorious goodness. This place is fun to grab some fun mac and cheese comfort food and great on the go.Between the outstanding service, huge portions and amazing food there is nothing they missed at this place! Can't wait to eat my leftovers!As far as mac and cheese is concerned...this place is AMAZING. I always used to go to the food truck, but I'm glad they have a store now. Super convenient and always on point! I pretty much love them all, but my favorite is definitely the buffalo chicken mac and cheese and the classic on with the addition of crunchy fried onions. The potato chip panko crust on the top of each bowl just takes it to another level. They even give you your bowls in a Tupperware container! You can go wrong with this place.I am obsessed with Mac Mart. I go fairly often, I feel like the workers know my friend and I at this point. My go-to is always the BBQ in a Bowl. 
I love how they have different specials. I have tried the Mac n Cheesesteak, the Mac n Chizza, the Macarogi and Cheese (piergoies and cheese), Ball Out (fried mac and cheese balls), Mac n Feast (Thanksgiving bowl with mac and cheese, turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing), and today, I tried the stuffed potato with broccoli cheddar mashed potatoes, 7 cheese mac and cheese, and topped with bacon, all inside a potato skin. Very delicious! They also have had Mac and Cheese tacos (De Maco), the Underdog (hot dog with mac and cheese on top), Return of the Mac (grilled cheese and mac and cheese), Mac n Cheese fries, and spring rolls (Mac n Rolls), but I have not had the opportunity to try those yet. 
I see the owner from time to time, Marti, and she is working shifts just like the rest of her workers, which is amazing. Love this place!!Love Mac Mart! I've been following them since their food truck days and I am so happy they have a store so I can get some mac anytime. Their specials are creative and you can also create your own. Must try! Best part is that it re-heats really well. Doesn't separate and get oily like other mac & cheesesFirst off, Mac Mart is my favorite food truck in Philly. So the fact that they were opening a brick and mortar location literally around the corner from my office... oh man you can bet your mac and cheese I was friggin excited! 
The store is just like the truck with an amazing selection of mac and cheese bowls packed into a cute little shop! Of course they couldn't deny that signature bright pink truck and the to-go bags are the same beautiful hue you can proudly carry around Center City that says heck yeah I just got some amazing mac and cheese, BE JEALOUS!
Ok so the mac is amazing, just like the truck! They've got quite a few options and even a build-your-own. I've been here a few times - the last time I got the wit and the time before that was jalapeno of some sort. The wit was awesome... I mean really, how can you deny yourself cheesesteak wit onions, drizzled in ketchup, panko, and crushed potato chips, all on top of the warmest most gooiest most delciously creamiest mac n cheese ever!
Seriously, this stuff is good. Like way more than a little bit. I like it a lot. A lot a lot a lot! As others have noted, it is on the pricey side but then again so is their truck for what you get so it's really not far off base. My ONLY wish is that they offered a smaller portion size! Sometimes I could just go for a mac snac (go ahead, steal that please - Mac Snac TM).
Go eat the mac, right now!This place is beyond amazing. In the buff aka the buffalo mac & cheese is just magical. The free tupperware is also a huge plus! The staff was very friendly & helped me with my decision. I can't wait to come back here & try everything else. 5 stars.I am a big fan of mac & cheese. I could eat it all day, everyday if I had to. So when I happened to see this place as we were walking, I just knew we had to try it out!
We ended up eating here for dinner the next night, and I was so happy with our decision! They had so many options for toppings on their delicious classic mac recipe. I ended up deciding on the crabby mac, and my husband chose the basil chicken pesto. We didn't have to wait too long for our food to be ready, and we sat down in the restaurant because all of the outdoor seating was taken. We absolutely loved our meal! It was so filling that I had to take some of it back to our hotel with us. Next time we go back to Philadelphia for a visit, coming back to this place is going to be a priority on our list of things to do!What a great idea! I was a big fan of the mac not the biggest fan of the wait however. Was it worth the wait? If trying for the first time, yes. If it was a regular thing probably not. I would get annoyed of that. The toppings are generous i just wish it was mixed in. It gets kinda mushed in on top. But still, was pretty good.fun and yummy place, everyone love mac & cheese. Brought my daughter and a friend, both loved it. Definitely taking mac & cheese to the next level, they offer lots of topping options and spins on the classic dish. The store is on 18th which is an awesome prime location, only tough part is that it's a small space and they don't have room for tables, but have a nice wood bar with stools against the window. I especially like their neon sign.I wanted to like this place but alas. 
I gave this place two tries. My first trip I got the Heart Attack - bacon, caramelized onion, and the panko chip crumble. The second time I had plain Mac with the crumble. 
I have to say I REALLY like the crunch topping which is just panko bread crumbs and ruffles chips. Carry on Mac Mart! Onions though were pretty gross. 
My main issue is that the macaroni and cheese base has a plastic-esque taste. Just takes fake and cheap - which is problematic considering it's generally over $10 for a bowl. The portion is generous but still - its pasta and cheese at the end of the day.
One positive - virtual high five for being green. While they do give you your order in take away containers (reusable and convenient for left overs!) they hire a company to sort their trash to make sure they are all recycled properly. 
About 8 chairs for seating. A bit of a sterile-feeling atmosphere. 
It works well as a quick meal but I still hate myself for eating this. This is not feel-good crappy comfort food.I didn't know I needed a Mac and Cheesery until I came here. Sometimes I just crave some to satisfy my love of cheese. 
I've frequented this place about 4-5 times already. Each time I get something new because there's just so many great option. My absolute favorite is the Grilled Mac and Cheese Sandwich with bacon!!! Yes you heard right ! 
The Bbq Brisket, Dice Tomato, or anything else on the list is divine !! 
You can now order online And it Prime location. I wanna bring everyone I know here because it is that good. The employees are always extremely helpful whenever I am in there. I just love everything about it.*pssst - lean in a bit close*
(Whispers) i don't get the hype here. *shrugs*
Like many, i found this place via Instagram, and was WOWED and intrigued with the yummy food porn photos they'd post. I rarely go to Philly so when we had the chance, i said off we go to Mac mart. The two others i had gone with didn't know their rep by social media. 
I had the "heart attack," which is a bacon and caramelized onion Mac with crushed potato chip topping. Sounds amaze balls at least.  But it wasn't literally the best thing I've ever had. Maybe had i tried another like crabby Mac or the buffalo Mac, I'd have had a better experience. But meh, can't say i would want to go again.
Their staff was super nice and must really love their jobs. So helpful and tolerant of us out of towners haha! I'll be back in philly again...but not to come back hereMac n cheese lovers everywhere must try this place! They do the "make your own Mac" better than any other place like it. The topping options are plentiful and you can come up with a million different delicious combinations. They even have truffle oil which is my favorite with Mac n cheese! It only comes in one size and it's definitely way too much for one person even though it doesn't seem like it because the cheese is really heavy and filling. I used to love the food truck so i was extremely happy to see that they opened up a spot in rittenhouse.Mac Mart is EVERYTHING. I was there their first day at Drexel, and just the other day finally swung by their store front off of Rittenhouse. Owners are so lovely and they really care about their product. I have had so many of their classic dishes, but most recently at the Buf which had just enough spice. I really loved the quality of the cheese and Mac, and could taste the homemade ranch. It can be a little steep to spend almost $10 on Mac and cheese, but if you're gonna do it, Mac Mart is the place to do it.$12 for mac and cheese is pretty steep, especially considering that the serving size is maybe less than a pound. I had the "In the Buff," which is apparently the number one customer favorite here. The serving temperature was good, macaroni was a solid al dente texture, but the toppings were underwhelming. Additionally, for a 7 cheese mac, the flavor just is not there. The service is cold and unenthused. Layout is clean and no issues with seating.The cowboy cup was killer! It was smooth and crunchy with a nice kick to is that totally warmed me up.SO GOOD MAN. I definitely would come back to Philly just to get Mac and cheese from here . The staff was incredibly nice as well.Had "the Rittenhouse". Hit the spot but I couldn't eat here more than once or twice a year. Super heavy and unhealthy, but I could see why tourists wanna try it or someone hung over might want. Drizzles sound cooler than they are. Ingredients don't seem to be super high quality.yummm love it here! Yummy mac n cheese, you get a lot for your money.  I try to get there as much as I can.I've been here multiple times for their Cowboy Cup and finally got around to writing a review.
I absolutely LOVE their jalapeño-infused pasta and wish I could replicate it but until I can, I will happily
make the trip to their brick and mortar location right down the street from Rittenhouse Park. It's so carb-loaded but I never feel an ounce of regret afterwards (might just be me).
The store has a few seats for seating but during a busy day, I wouldn't count on it. 
Service is speedy, the workers are nice, and the food is good. What more can you ask for?Can't go wrong with some warm mac and cheese. A nice cozy place with seats along large windows with views of the busy streets. Interesting choice of utensils, i liked the idea of eating out of tupperware and the ability to ask for a lid if you cannot finish your order.tl;dr the brick-and-mortar location of a popular food truck, pumping out a sophisticated take on a childhood classic
Mac & Cheese: an American staple that even the pickiest of children grew up loving. It's the dish that you crave out of nowhere, and that can immediately transport you back to your childhood. And Mac Mart capitalizes on the nostalgia, serving up the adult version of this family favorite, operating under the slogan "Not Your Mama's Mac." So it's no surprise that the original food truck was popular enough to launch a physical location.
The pink neon sign and bright interior beckon you in, and the aromas of cheese and bacon keep you hooked once inside. A sleek white bar with clear, plastic stools lies along the front window, while a few banana-yellow tables and chairs are situated outside. A digital menu on the left wall displays all of the mac and cheese options that your heart could desire. The friendly staff members make affable small-talk while helping to answer any questions. Choose to eat-in or carry-out in one of Mac Mart's handy, microwave-safe Tupperware. In a matter of seconds, the employee behind the bar will scoop you a hearty serving of mac and cheese (I weighed it, and it's nearly a pound!), and you'll be on your way.
In the past, I have enjoyed the Heart Attack Mac and the In the Buff. Both the bacon and the buffalo chicken provide a robust flavor to complement the mac and cheese base. The cheese itself is gooier and more intricate-tasting than Kraft packets. Moreover, the panko provides an interesting texture and a blast of salt to contrast the soft macaroni.  My only critique is that I wish the macaroni had some crunchy edge-bits or a charred top, but, alas, it's produced in large batches.
This last visit, I decided to try take-out, and I ordered the Crabby Mac. By the time I returned home, the ensemble, unfortunately, had become lukewarm, and the panko had lost its characteristic crunch. Although the first bites were exciting, channeling the robust flavors of crab and Old Bay along with the mac and cheese that I have grown to love, as time wore on the dish began to lose its zing. Definitely opt to sit in and eat it fresh if you can, because otherwise, your meal won't live up to the hype.If you aren't sure what you want here in rittenhouse square and you want something cheesy with a twist, I would 10/10 recommend this place! It was absolutely delicious!!! I'm not crazy about Mac and cheese but I don't mind it, i tried this place and LOVED IT. I got "in the buff" and mannnn the toppings really complimented the Mac and cheese and I honestly don't understand the bad reviews on this place. The people that work here seemed friendly too! Definitely worth a try tbh!Was in town and wanted something to eat for dinner but not a big meal.  Also it was Lent so was looking for something that would work. Found the perfect comfort food solution, MacMart.  There are quite a few options to choose from but I just went for the basic mac & cheese.  It was delicious.  Reminded me of the crockpot version that I make at home.  Very creamy and a good size portion.  Just enough to fill you up, yet just shy of putting you in a food coma.  The location was a super convenient two blocks from my Sonesta Hotel.  Employees were very welcoming and nice.  Will definitely be back when I need something quick.  Not a ton of seating but enough counter seats and a few outside tables which people were enjoying.  The only complaint and this is just personal preference is that they have Pepsi instead of Coke products.Hands down my favorite restaurant in Philly. Crazy, I know. I get jalepenos, extra jalapeño oil, ranch, and cornbread Crumbles. And it is heavenly. Very filling and glutinous, but worth every single perfectly  delicious calorie. I am getting ready to move a cross the country. And, inclusive of family and friends, Mac Mart has made the top 5 list of things I will miss most about Philadelphia.The basic Mac n cheese is good and the add-ons make it great. 
Good comfort food with a twist.ugh this is the best mac n cheese ever, the pasta is cooked al dente, the cheese is thick, creamy and flavorful, basically it's perfection
the jalapeño bowl is by far my favorite but the other bowls are definitely worth trying as well!
they also don't take long to get your order ready even during the lunch hours, so you won't be waiting long!Very delicious and heavy.
The mac and cheese itself was very tasty. Good amount of thick cheesiness and paste was cooked perfectly to withstand the weight.
I created my own bowl, similar to the wit Mac bowl. Very good. My only qualm is that I added tater tots (+$1.25) thinking I could literally get tater tots, but what I got was some crunches. So not worth the add in- disappointing. Why isn't this a cheap crunch add in?
The chicken pesto bowl was very delicious as well.
Went during lunch  and it was pretty quick. Friendly service.
Overall, it's very good. It will fill your Mac and cheese craving. Pretty big portion considering Mac and cheese is so heavy. Pretty pricey though ($10-13 a bowl).
Worth the splurge for a treat once in a while.The long awaited Mac Mart store front has finally arrived!! I've been waiting forever for this!! I'm the biggest fan of the Mac Mart truck, rated 5 stars by me every time.
I would love to give this new store 5 stars also, but I'm docking a star for 2 reasons:
1) I paid $0.50 extra to add diced tomatoes in my Mac, but when I got back to my office and opened the container, there was no tomatoes inside. Bummer, I'm not going to walk back to the store after I've already returned to office from lunch break. 
2) The prices are definitely higher than the truck, but I guess that's a given since a storefront has to pay more overhead costs. Just a bummer paying $10-$12 for lunch when there's a lot of cheaper options around all the office buildings. 
But, what is amazing about Mac Mart still holds true: some of the cheesiest, most tasty Mac in Philly! The taste remains the same, amazing! The options on the menu are SOOO much more than the food truck. They have everything from BBQ, to Pesto, to basil/tomato, and of course the classic Ranch. They even added a new favorite of mine: creamy CRAB DIP with OLD BAY Panko crunchies!  Going back to my roots.. I friggin love Old Bay! Genious addition!
I think the new store just needs to work out kinks of making sure they deliver the items printed on the tickets. Because unlike the truck where you can see your order immediately in an open-faced paper bowl, this is different in a Tupperware container with a closed lid. Would also be nice if they offered a "half" size portion for a cheaper price. But maybe that can be a new addition later ;)  Overall, I friggin love Mac Mart!  Glad to see the storefront has finally arrived :)Hands down the best Mac and Cheese ever! Classic Mac and Cheese is incredible.. bacon, potato chips, and bread crumbs make it the best thing you'll ever taste. Tried a few different menu items and I haven't tasted a single thing I didn't LOVE. Started as just a food truck, and would sell out daily. I've visited the truck at a few food truck festivals, and the line is always the longest because it's THAT good.The bright rose pink truck, the energy, and the Mac'N Cheese - can you say YUM!?
I can't say enough about Mac Mart! 
So Mac'n Cheese? Hoo boy. Like many of you, I grew up in a house where macaroni and cheese was essential, no matter how it was made.
I discovered this magical pink truck for the first time last year, at the Night Market 2016 - South Street West. Right after my first bite, I knew I was in trouble. I immediately singed up to receive their FaceBook updates, and real-time tweets. Unsurprisingly, it was so hard to decide what to have then, with all of the mouthwatering options.
You can try the Marts Mac ( the classic 7 Cheese mac 'n' cheese), or the BBQ-in-a-bowl--anything would be delicious, really. Every.Single.Bite fills my growling little stomach with so much joy. It's just like the good old days, except better! 
Hoorah!
My personal favorite? The Crabby Mac. It's just so fan·tas·tic. 
Five Yelps!Awesome Mac & Cheese...So many options!! I love the reusable containers too..definitely will be returning next time I'm in Philly. Great place for anyone who loves a good bowl of Mac!Came from out of town and looked for local restaurants. I got the fat and happy with barbeque sauce and my husband got the crabby melt. Both were amazing! We chatted with the staff and both ladies were extremely helpful and very nice. I downloaded this app so I could rave about the food.Wanted to find a place by my hotel and came across this place. I ordered the Crabby Mac to Dine In and it was fantastic! It was cheesy and full of flavor and the noodles were cooked right. I recommend. Also good atmosphere!My mentee took me to this delish spot for our monthly meeting & boy was I in for a treat! I crave for the In the Buff & will walk or drive from a distance to treat my tastebuds anyday! It's different. Give it a try, you won't regret it. Thank me later!kinda bad): service was good but food made us all feel icky + not worth the price for premade food...OK I confess the only reason I walked in here is to satisfy my 10-year-old daughter. I must say we keep coming back! The dishes are cleverly thawed out and absolutely delicious. My little one cannot get enough of the mac & cheese and tater tot's. LOL.I'm eating AS I write this, literally the best mac & cheese I've ever had. My toddler eats mac & cheese daily so we were so happy we could find her a quick dinner that also tastes delicious!  We brought it back to the hotel and it was still warm and cheesy (not congealed like others can get). Got the spinach and artichoke and panko topping on the side and the potato chips in there are amazing! Highly rec!Finally, a place where I can get mac and cheese on the go! I've been to their food truck before, but it's nice to have a brick and mortar restaurant to visit.
Although the prices seem a little steep at first glance, you have to realize that they're giving you a solid brick of mac and cheese -- something that you really shouldn't finish in one sitting but probably will anyway because it's so good. 
Their concept is simple: you can build your own or choose one of their "Classic Creations." I've never actually built my own bowl here since their creations are way too tempting. I've tried the "Corndog Cup" (great for corndog lovers AKA me), "BBQ in a Bowl" (a tad sweet, but still good) and the "Jalapeno Popper Bowl" (spicy, creamy, and awesome). 
Their mac and cheese itself is a little stiffer than the mac and cheese I'm used to; instead of being soft, the pasta here is harder, not quite al dente, but close. It makes the texture of their dishes more interesting instead of just straight cheesy mush. 
Overall, 4 Yelps. Great take out mac and cheese and great for people with self control who can stash away half of the container for a later meal.Delicious, good portion, and really, really rich.  
Service was very upbeat and and didn't rush me while deciding which Mac to order.  In the end ordered the Pesto Basil Chicken. I was hoping for more chicken but it is fine how it
Is.  The container is reusable.The mac is good but definitely don't like how they changed the size of their containers but still charge $12+ for a bowl of mac. It's also awesome that they deny it and delete the pic I posted of the bowls on Google reviews. What a great business. It's okay to change portions but to charge so much and lie about it is ridiculous.