My go-to spot on a Saturday night! I was real bummed that lucys closed, but was pleasantly surprised by this bar just across the street!
Their food is better than expected. I always get wings and fries. (be careful of the wtf sauce though) Sometimes it takes a real long time to get the bartenders attention, but the place is usually packed. And if you're lucky the always sunny crew will pop in!This place has a few good things going for it: 
1. REALLY good gravy fries...seriously, if you haven't had them yet - you haven't lived
2. The staff here is friendly and entertaining! Don't let it alarm you if a waitress and a member of the kitchen staff randomly have a lover's quarrel...its all part of the character of the place! lol!
3. It is the perfect bar to watch ANY Philly sports team...but especially the Phillies. 
4. Pretty good beer selection, too!To sum it up, it's an average bar with ties to a very well-known TV show - but that fact doesn't make the food or much else better. When I went they had $4 White Rascal's and on top of that I had the normal gravy fries. $11 for fries, steep to say the least. They were steak fries, covered in gravy and mozzarella cheese and while pretty damn good, I would be hesitant to say that they're worth the price. Service was good, sometimes a little slow, but still friendly.Good beer selection. Not the best. Chill atmosphere, partially owned by the cast of it's always sunny.I came on Saturday in the afternoon and enjoyed my time there. The staff was friendly and willing to chat with you. They have a decent draft and bottle list. I ordered the Dante Piccante burger and it was spicy, but delicious! I will come back for a bite and beer!I finally made it to Mac's on a Wednesday night for Quizzo.  I'm a huge Always Sunny fan so this place was pretty much guaranteed two stars.  Some of my friends are regulars so they know the bartenders.  The servers were really helpful in setting up our oversized quizzo team table.  I only stayed though the first round, but the questions were decent.  Only problem is that its really hard to hear the questions in the back.  I definitely think this needs a spot in the UYE Cross-City Shuffle.Went there for my birthday this summer because I'm a huge Sunny fan.  I ordered Hummus so that I didn't get drunk too fast.  It was so good, I got some to go at 2am.  If you don't get the Hummus at Mac's then I just feel bad for you.  It's so good it's almost criminal.  Trust me, I'm chubby.  I know food  :PGood beer menu and great food options.  The chicken fingers are killer, especially with the Mac's House gravy fries.  If you see the Sweet D's Sausage & P's on the special's menu pounce on that.We went here because we found a Groupon and because of the owners, who star on It's Always Sunny. It was pretty loud and my food was lackluster. It tries to be upscale tavern food, but that type of food nearly always fails. They are strict about no substitutions which is annoying. They did have a good beer selection with some I've never heard of which is always good. I'm not sure I'd go here for the food, though the Groupon made it better. Also kind of slow service and kind of cramped since the bar crowd stated filling up the restaurant area. I would go for the beer selection.Hidden gem in olde city. Fun bar that has some really good sweet potato fries! The fries are on steroids and come with some honey horseradish sauce that are a dream come true. I devoured those bad boys like they were my last meal. Believe the hype!
Our party sat by the jukebox right by the bathrooms, but the music was way too loud for a casual Sunday evening. I have to work tomorrow, and I need my voice! I don't need to shout over to a friend right across for me. If they can fix that, then I'll be a happy woman. I just won't share my fries.Delicious crab cakes, both the appetizer and the sandwich! Happy hour until 6:30 means all appetizers are just $6, so I couldn't pass them up! Bar staff were friendly, and kept my glasses full.So I'm still not sure how I feel about Mac's Tavern, I've been here like 3 times, and I've had the food. and drinks. and had good service once, shitty awful service once and okay service once. What does this mean? well I don't know. I enjoy their fries and they have a decent beer list. But when a waitress ignores me and there are literally 2 other patrons in the bar- we have something wrong here. 
I will definitely give it a try in the future, but it certainly has major competition what with so many always winning bars in olde city.I'm an out of tower and walked by this place at least twice looking for a place to grab dinner. This place was the perfect amount of busy, service was great and beer and food was on point. I'm from Texas and their chili (with Guac and pico, can't go wrong) promised to be spicy. It was and was delicious. The bartenders know their local beer, which is all I can ask for. Anyone can serve a Budlight, but I really appreciate them touting the local brews. I highly recommend. With that said, I dined and drank solo, and didn't use the bathrooms, so no comment on that aspect.Short and sweet. I loved the food. The potion sizes are more than enough. I ordered the grilled chicken wrap. The chicken was well seasoned and very flavorful. The fries are delicious!I'm giving this place 2 stars, only because I've been here before and I know its potential.  I tell everyone to come here because it's the only Notre Dame bar in the city and it's usually a great time.  Last night, this was not the case.  My roommates and I came here for the ND/MSU game and I'm sad to say, we probably won't be back.
We ordered some food and were somewhat disappointed.  Buffalo chicken cheesesteak was decent, grilled chicken wrap was as to be expected, and the chicken tenders....crunchy, possibly re-fried and on a bed of lettuce...$13 for 3 chicken tenders, one of which was so damn tiny, it shouldn't even be counted as a chicken tender.  We also had to track down a waitress to ask for forks and napkins.  When we were finished, our plates sat there until I finally decided to move them to an empty end of the bar table we were at.
After our first round, I waited at least 20 minutes at the bar before a bartender even made eye contact with me.  I'm not sure where the 2nd bartender was, but she seemed to be having some sort of personal issue, as she was in and out on her cell phone the whole time.
All in all, they just seemed short-staffed and overwhelmed last night.  I'm disappointed because I really do love this place and have good memories here.  Sad to say, I'll have to find a new favorite place.I can't believe I never reviewed this...
I love "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" so naturally, I HAD to come here.  AWESOME "Mac & cheese" but didn't like the "It's Always Sunny" beer.  Still a great place to hang out with friends though.  Now, crossing my fingers in hopes to see Rob" McElhenney  and Kaitlin Olson...We had so much fun at this place! Lisa, Erika and and Sean  were phenomenal bartenders and really made our Saturday night the best. We will be bringing all our friends here to watch eagles games. Very friendly and makes you feel like home!Mac's is my favorite bar in Old City thus far. The place is nice without being too stuffy, has a great draft selection, and runs specials during games. They have a good social media presence, which I appreciate - it's the only place I've been able to find Oberon in Philly, and I discovered they carried it via Twitter. (Not going to lie, I was thinking 4 stars until I remembered their awesome rotating drafts.) The staff is great and although I've been in too late to personally want food, the food I've seen served looks and smells great. If you're looking for a great laid back bar in the area, this is it.Stopped in here Sunday nite with my family after a long day at the Franklin Institute. There were six of us and there were tables for six in the rear of the place, all with reserved signs on them. What's with that? We might have walked out if someone hadn't wandered over. We sat at the middle table which was a mistake as water from the AC vent above was dripping on my daughter, so we moved to the side table. The bartender came right over and we ordered drinks. Lots of nice craft beers on their list. The waiter finally came over and took our orders. Skip the chicken wings as they were very tiny and overdone, but the calamari was super tender and delicious.
I ordered their half pound burger which was very good. They could work on the fries to get them more crispy. Everyone liked their food and we would go back. Service was friendly, attentive but somewhat pokey, but after reading some reviews, we expected that and it was not a problem. Neat place!I'm not usually so inclined to write a review, but here goes.
Mac's is a great Old City bar with great food, great selection of craft brews, and a friendly atmosphere. Also a great staff and management, who are passionate about retaining their regulars and attracting new ones.
With that said, they don't take any crap from the cheap and/or skeezy and/or idiot population of the surrounding area. They have taken flack on the social media sites for defending themselves against thieves and morons who try and defraud this wonderful business. Three cheers to you guys for posting pictures of thieves and the like, as its not only your business who loses money from these vermin. 
Per the 1-star reviews below, this is the type of a ss-hattery you would expect from local South Philly trash who occasionally escapes his meager existence for a night on the town, going to a non-sports bar to watch a garbage TNF game when there is a new episode of Always Sunny on. Go to a different bar, and stay off of Yelp if you are that miserable and pathetic. Honestly, who has time to put pubes in a drink? Doesn't happen here.Mac's is a great place for many things.  They have lots of TV's so its great to watch games, etc. Large beer selection .  Really delicious bar-fare.  They have outside seating which is great for watching the people stroll by and friendly staff!  It's a welcoming place overall.While my boyfriend was getting a cheesesteak at Sonny's next door, I browsed the restaurant's menu to see if anything looked appealing. I thought several things did and went inside to ask that if both my boyfriend and I could sit outside together-- with my order and his cheesesteak. They told me no, which is understandable, so I ordered "to go" and sat at the bar to wait. I drank a diet coke, which turned out to be RC cola. When my chicken finally came, it had very little on the plate aside from chicken, despite the advertisement saying otherwise. The chicken, however, was pretty good, and the ambiance was neat. 
I also thought it was also a little expensive. I think I paid $12 for chicken, which seems like a lot at a pub, especially considering there wasn't else.Had to stop here considering Mac from Its Always Sunny owns it. Nice place. Good spot to watch a game or just chill. Didn't try the food though. Beer selection was pretty good.Last summer my now fiancé and I had a couple nights in Philly and couldn't decide where to go. We love finding local bars to have dinner. We found Mac's through one of our phone apps and decided to come here. My fiancé loves the show its always sunny and so we figured why not! I loved their selection of beer on tap, love trying something new when traveling! We ate dinner and it was delicious. 
We happened to be here for trivia night so we decided to play! Even though we may not have done so well, it was fun! 
We loved this place so much. We came back here on the end of our trip when we were back in Philly!Awesome food, good beer selection. My only complaint is they should really rename the Mac's macs to Mac's Famous Mac and Cheese. I think Dennis would appreciate it.So I, like most people, stumbled in due to the lore of the show. Actually, we made a trip across town to stumble in, but regardless, we made it. Yes, it is just a sports bar, and there isn't much hype or dazzle, but we were expecting a LITTLE bit better in the service department. We waited over 10 minutes (yes, I was timing) for someone to even acknowledge my girlfriend and I, then another 5 before our draught beers were brought out. After that, we had a couple friends join us and our server had practically disappeared. We had to flag down another server multiple times to place another drink order, which I figured would be getting shoveled our way. 
One thing that really struck me as odd was one of my friends ordered a whiskey on the rocks. 6 bucks, not bad... until we saw there was an addt'l charge of 1.50 for "rocks". Yes, seriously. A buck fifty for ice. Now, I know this is Philadelphia and it's my first time to the north east, but crap like that makes it want to be my last. On top of all of that, our server (who wasn't around, and it shows) actually gave us someone else's drinks on our table's bill. Had it not been for the keen eye of one of our friends, we would have started a nice date we didn't intend to finish.
The food was mediocre. The breading on the calamari was thick, almost like nothing I've had on seafood before. The wings were good, standard bar wings. That's it for food.
Overall, it was about a 2.5, but closer to the 2 stars rating. I'll probably give it another go if I'm back in town and see if the service has picked up at all.WINE IN A CAN- NO ONE WILL EVER KNOW. I CAN GESTURE AND NOT SPILL IT EVERYWHERE.
I love Mac's Tavern- and not only because I am a huge Always Sunny fan.
This place was like being at Paddy's Pub but it was cleaner, bigger and had tvs!
They had great food. I suggest trying the fish tacos on the app. menu. They are filling enough for a meal and cheap!
Good beer selection, nice looking crowd and the bartenders were great too!
Cheap pbr tall boys during Phillies game. This is a great addition to Olde CityFood is consistently good and tasty.  Quizzo on Wednesday nights is typically a fun time too.My wife and I were visiting Philly and we both wanted to check out this place since we are huge "Sunny" fans. It is safe to say that when we visit again we will definitely be stopping back! 
First off, the atmosphere is great. The scene is so chill and the music was fantastic. 
Secondly (and most importantly), the food. Chipotle-lime aioli dip for your fresh-cut fries?! I wish I could shower in that stuff forever! The food came in huge portions. I got Sweet D's Turkey BLT and it was awesome. My wife got a grilled chicken wrap and that was fantastic! Everything was amazing here. You definitely have to hit this place whether you're a fan of the show or not. Great food!Came here because my friend is a big It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia fan but it also turned out to have great food. The Red & White Chicken cutlet sandwich was excellent and the daily special and the serving ideal. My friends that had the short stack rib burger said it was among the best they've had. Excellent beer and drink choices and brilliant friendly service. Great place.Had to come here on my vacation to Philly - huge Always Sunny fan!! I loved that there were pictures of 'the gang' around the bar!
I didn't eat any food here because they didn't really have any gluten free options, but they did have gluten free beer and gluten free cider, so we had some drinks. Cool place to hang out and watch a game.This place sucks. And when I say sucks I mean BIG DONKEY BALLS sucks! I think that yelp owes me a start just for taking the time to write this. The bartenders think there doing me a favor by getting me a drink and "letting" me tip them. And they know nothing of the beer that there serving. Completely incompetent! Oh and the kitchen? Nuff said! People dont waste your time. I think Mac has some serious management/ownership issues. I guess with all that money you can afford to have a slezzy place!As a fan of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, I had to pay a visit to Mac's Tavern.  The service from the start, was similar to what I'd expect from Paddy's Pub in fact, like in Paddy's Pub there were hardly any patrons when I went.  The bartenders/wait staff looked over me didn't provide any service and I had to ask for everything a menu, first round of drinks etc.  Once service was provided and my order taken, it was very good and the staff was friendly. The staff informed me of various specials including a drink special for when the Phillies play which I took advantage of.  For food, I ordered Mac's Keilbasa which was a delicious kielbasa topped with mango chutney. The chutney I thought tasted like a McDonald's apple pie filling and I was shocked to find that the mix of kielbasa and the "apple pie" taste went great.  Other than the hick up in service at the beginning, I enjoyed my experience at Mac's and I recommend going.  If you're a fan of the show though there isn't much It's Always Sunny memorabilia.Mac's had to work very, very hard to earn that 3-star rating, and had to claw its way back up from a much lower one, at that.  While there is nothing really wrong going on here, something was just off .
Mac's prides itself on its large beer list which, while it is long, is not really that impressive if you know your beer.  Nothing on there is very unique, and the list is thinned out by the long section of humdrum domestics.  What microbrews they do have are not very impressive either.  While they do have a few hard to find beers, like the Old Speckled Hen, it's mostly made up of the larger, easily available beers.  Honestly, you can go almost anywhere these days for a Bells, Dogfishhead, or a Rogue.  Really, there is nothing WRONG with their section, but its nothing very clever, either.  Their large chalkboard beer list on the wall could use some updating as well.  Many of the choices were no longer available, and it sounds like they may have been gone for a while. 
I also wasn't terribly impressed with the waitstaff, but I did come around on this.  When we first sat down, our guy was a little odd, and gave off an attitude like he had much, much better things to do than listen to my questions about beers that he couldn't answer anyway.  For a weekday, and not a very busy one, either, he was very hard to get a hold of, and probably made it a point to avert his gaze when he walked by.  He did come around a little at the end.  When I was a little unsure on what to order, he gave me three very different samples of some of their best sellers to help me make my mind up.
So, if you're in the area, Mac's might not be a bad choice for the convenience.  The prices aren't outrageous for the types of beer they offer or the neighborhood in which they're selling them, and the food that my friends ordered looked pretty fantastic.  They seemed to enjoy it, and the sweet potato fries I snatched were pretty good.  Unless you got yourself a Groupon, like I did, it's not really worth the trip across town.  You could do better, but you could also do much, much worse.I'm a big fan of "It's Always Sunny" so naturally I had to go. I got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich which I would highly reccomend. I wish there was more memorabilia from the show but food and beer selection was great.Food and brews were excellent, wait staff friendly and interesting. I really like how this place runs in a part of town that can be pricey/snobby.Sadly ill be changing my review of this place to 2.5 stars....
Crab cake sandwich people.How do you mess up an It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia bar? Doesn't look like Paddy's Pub at all, and just has a few token photos of the cast on the wall. Are you kidding me? One of the saddest fan experiences I've ever had. What a scam! Rob McElhenney should be ashamed of himself.It's too cold to go out bare-chested. I get up and I put on my new blue merino wool hoodie that I have purchased from the Gap. It is new and it is perfect. It flows comfortably over my body and keeps me warmer than any blue merino wool hoodie has ever kept anyone warm before. I fawn over it in a way that can only be described as the love that hand model, Ellen Sirot, expressed for her hands to Katie Couric. Like Ellen and her hands, we are inseparable. 
Oh, we are good. The hoodie was on sale but together we are spectacular. We sit on the train to the city together and we walk to Mac's Tavern, padding and shunning the cold wind. We sit in the back of the bar and raise a hand to make a drinking gesture to the waiter that, in a different context, could land us in the back of a cop car. We make the gesture with such accuracy, and with such ridiculous beauty that the server surely knows to bring over a Jack and Coke without ever hearing a single word.
We await the arrival of our drink, in such an astounding fashion that my drinking buddies share the anguish and dire thirst. They wait too, looking around the room for the server to return. When he does, he douses the blue hoodie in Jack Daniels, stripping it of its perfect nature. The drink is too strong and garnished with a lemon. 
He does not look like a professional, like he never saw the inside of a bar prior to that moment. Patrons stop and stare at the spill. He walks away without ever saying a word. Later, he bumps into me and gets ketchup on the back of the tarnished hoodie. After continually ignoring my perfect requests for another drink and telling me to wait, he finally brings a second Jack and Coke. This one is devoid of liquor. He spills it on my hoodie, pants, and hand. Again, he walks away without ever saying a word. I sit and shake my head, gasping. No one has ever seen anything quite like it.
*Please don't sue me, David Eggers, for blatantly ripping you off.What a great find!
I stopped in for lunch. Nice selection on the menu. 
I ordered the Turkey BLT sandwich. Generous portions of turkey piled high on a bun. It came with a side of fresh cut fries. 
Quick and friendly service.This place blows. I took an out of town guest here. After 10 minutes of no bar service we left. The place was not crowded either. Judging by the clientele I'd say it gets a fairly high douche rating as wellSuch an awesome place to hang out. Went on Wednesday for trivia night, a blast. definitely recommend itAs a fan of It's Always Sunny, I had to come check out Mac's Tavern. It was a pretty standard bar with decent food, and everything was just a-ok.
We were seated but our waitress was not the friendliest, just enough to get the orders and job done. Perhaps it was because there seemed to be only 2 waitresses and quite a few customers. 
Drinks: meh, maybe we didn't get the best recommendations.. However, they were in full pint glasses, so that seemed to be a plus. Not very strong though
- Harvest Fizz: it basically tasted like an organic, herbal tea with bubbles. It was ok
- Chocolate Shake: tasted like a spiked chocolate milk. It was nice in the beginning but you get over it.
Food: portions were pretty big, and the food tasted good, too.
- Crabcakes: pretty decent. We got this since it was $2 off appetizers for weekend happy hour. It came with 3 pieces and several sauces. Good to share between 2 people.
- Coconut curry jerk chicken: I've been cutting on my carbs, so this was a good choice. The sauce was a bit sweet (as expected, I guess). The chicken was very juicy! I think there were like 4 pieces, so I couldn't finish it. I had the leftover the next day, and it was still pretty nice.
- Bourboner Steak Sandwich: my friend ordered this but I got to taste it. Meat was very sweet, but the sandwich was really loaded. I had the meat/cheese/mushroom/onion leftovers the next day, too, and still tasted good.Excellent service and the food, while a tavern, is fantastic. A great place to hit when heading toward or from Penn's Landing (about a block and a half away). We had a Caesar Salad to start. This was one of the best salads I think I've ever had, and the Burgers for the main course. Cooked to perfection, the choice of cheeses was an unexpected added touch. If your in the area and get that growl in the pit of your gut, you'd be a fool to pass up Mac's. My compliments to the Chef.OK, I've been here once and I think I'm going to love this place!  Stopped by just before happy hour and sat at the bar.  I perused the amazing variety of beers.  The bartender was pleasant and knowledgeable.  The only thing better would be if he was the opposite sex and gorgeous.  But hey, you can't have everything!
The place was just starting to fill up.  It was an interesting mix of blue collar, white collar, and the occasional tourist.  There was even a couple sitting at a table with a beautiful Labrador retriever at their feet. 
Although I was at the bar, I was watching the wait staff work.  They appeared to be friendly and efficient.  Always a good thing.  
My beers were great.  Yelpers have commented on the fries so I ordered a plate.  I urge you to do the same.  They are really excellent.  The small size was a meal for me.  They have a large.  It scares me to think about it!
I can't wait to come back for more great beer and to try some of the food.After multiple lunch visits, I must increase my rating and add another star. The place is great; sandwiches are awesome (try the veggie burger with bacon--that's no typo!). They've also started having a "specials" menu. We had some spicy, super tasty gazpacho last week. 
Service is always prompt and attentive, they are always playing great tunes from the 90s. I would love to spend the whole afternoon there, but alas...there's work to be done.Usually go for quizzo on Wednesday nights. Great specials, good food. The hot wings are delicious. Pat the quizzo host always does a great job with questions that typically pertain to music, sports and movies. My only complaint is that it is a nightmare trying to get a table for a large group. They are not very accommodating and will not put tables together. The waiter wouldn't even move a chair over to seat 5 people at a 4 person table. Besides that, the  great beer specials and tasty food keep me coming back.Stopped in for a beer and lunch while playing tourist in Philadelphia for the weekend. Had the sausage and peppers special that was alright, but nothing to write home about. They offer poutine as an appetizer, and when I asked for gravy on the fries that accompanied my sandwich I was outright refused. The fries were not that good plain and the service was pretty bad until the shift change. I'll not be stopping back next time I'm in the historic district.I bought my sister to Mac's Tavern when she visited Philadelphia and the whole experience was great. Drinks we served fast, fairly priced, and each of the beers were in the appropriate glasses, which is not a must, but deserves high marks for the attention to detail. 
Also, if you are a fan of Always Sunny in Philadelphia, it is the best place to watch each episode EVERY Thursday. LOVE IT!the skinny bartender is the rudest and slowest guy in the city. I dont even know why this guy is a bartender since it seems like he hates his job, He's either on the phone half the time or staring into space. Food is good and the chubbier older bartender is cool. They need to get rid of skinner lamer replace him with a pretty girl or someone more friendly.THEY HAVE REAL FRIES! Amazing, we found a place with real fries, not the industrial soy-compounded junk you get in most places. 
The Bourbonic Steak Sandwich was VERY good. Not a class Philly steak sandwich, but very tasty and moist and juicy. Yum!
Good beer selection too! Service is friendly and attentive - yay!
I recommend as a sports bar or tavern, if you're thirsty and hungry for pub fare. It's good quality.Great little bar in old city! Bartenders and staff are very friendly, serve some good bar foods, and have a great beer selection. Little musty inside but that could be because we went in the middle of winter when doors and windows havent been able to be opened for fresh air in a while. Definitely recommend stopping in for a drink or something to eat!After months of trying actually met Mac and Dee here in October super cool and loved meeting fansTerrible customer service. Waitress young ,ignorant, rude, was talking to a guy at the bar instead of waiting on us. The first place that I've been in my life that gives you trouble about returning a dish that you don't want and haven't touched. I regret wasting a penny on this place. Food basic and overpriced for the quality.Dining Partner and I came here on a Monday evening around 7pm. There were only about 8 people in the place and plenty of seats available so we sat ourselves at the bar. $2 off drafts and $2 off burgers on Mondays. They had Not Your Father's Root Beer on draft which is so much better than in the bottle. I ordered wings with BBQ sauce and Dining Partner had the burger. I wish I would have asked for my wing sauce on the side, because the wings were drenched. Once I wiped some sauce off on the plate, they were pretty good. I wouldn't make Mac's an intended destination, but if everything else in Old City is booked this is a good standby. Decent bar food, no reservations needed, a true 3.5 star experience.Yeah yeah Always Sunny.  That's why I went there.  All prejudice aside.  Solid bar, good food, good prices, good bartenders.  Recommended!I love Mac's Tavern. The location is great - in the middle of one of most lively corner of Philadelphia. I like that it is not too big or too small. The bar is easy to access. The service is swift and sure. Additionally: 1) Drink Selection 2) Food. I tried the fries with gravy and cheese (called poutine in Montreal) - simply stunning! The burger, the chicken cutlets (of each there are several choices on the menu), crab sandwich, Mac and cheese will make your taste buds thank you for eating Mac's Tavern's food. The place can be loud but that's because when you are enjoying great good with great drink and good company - few can mute themselvesLove it's always sunny in Philadelphia. Was excited to go here for a beer while on holiday from the UK. Upon ordering was asked for Id, showed my UK driving licence with date of birth 1991. Was told they couldn't accept this as valid ID. 
I managed to use my driving license in many bars across the states and even down the road at Bierstube Tavern (which has a lot better variety of beer). 
If visiting make sure you have your passport, which I don't like having on me while out and about for obvious reasons.I've been here twice and had two way different experiences.  Both times were on a weekend.  
Experience 1: The bar must have only been open for a few weeks.  Not crowded at all and very easy to get a seat and a beer.  It was more of a relaxing time and we were able to converse, dance around easily.  They were playing soul music, which makes for a great dance party.
Experience 2: This past Saturday we stopped in to grab a pint and the place was PACKED.  It was hard to get around and made me feel like I was in coolege again.  It was one of those nights where if you're not drunk enough, you really are annoyed with getting pushed because you can never seem to find a place to stand.  Plus they were playing some horrible rap music.  Sorry, just not my bag.
Two totally different experiences.  I kind of wish that I could mix the two together and come out with a totally awesome night.  The beer selection is great, the music and scene is if-y, like a box of chocolates.I am impressed by the beer list. There are selections from local breweries as well as more well-known microbrews. No domestic crap, though. I like that! Plus, there's Original Sin hard cider for Juliet. I dig in with a Sixpoint Sweet Action from Brooklyn. It's a strange, creamy amber kind of brew with malty characteristics but relatively innocuous. Later I move on to a Sprecher Black Bavarian which is much more suited to my palate, dry and dark, with licorice undertones without being sweet. It has depth. I end with the PBC Walt Wit (recommended by good buddy Obijohn from his visit to Mac's only the week previous), a traditional and tasty Belgian-style white beer with grapefruit notes. Good one to finish with.
Originally, we plan for a light lunch. There are too many good choices, however, so we do our usual routine of ordering a couple starter dishes to share, then moving on to mains. Despite Obijohn's advice to avoid Mac's Macs, there's no way I'm going to convince Juliet to skip it. The fusilli pasta is baked in a four cheese sauce, then topped with crumbles of honey-barbecue corn chips. One bite and we are sold. The medley of cheese and sweet-salty topping sends my taste buds into the stratosphere. We demolish it. Likewise, Mac's House gravy fries--braised short rib shredded atop a mound of steak fries covered in gravy, topped with provolone and horseradish--are crazy good. And monstrous. There are way too many to finish, though we do our best.
For my main, I choose Sweet D's Sausage & P's. It's a classic hoagie filled with sliced sweet sausage, sauteed bell peppers, and onions in a thick tomato sauce. It's also nearly impossible to eat as a sandwich; I have to knife-and-fork it after several failed attempts to chaw on it, sausages slipping out from the bread onto my plate.
We hang around, sipping our drinks and picking at the food. I would classify the menu as "elevated tavern fare". There's something about Mac's that makes me feel right at home. It would be easy to waste an entire day there, drinking, talking, and munching on goodies.
But don't take my word for it. Read what my better half has to say on our website (linked in my profile).I dug it. Small bar, great beer selection and delicious food. I had a smoked #Marzen and boubonic steak sandwich. I'm a big always sunny fan which brought me here, wasn't disappointed. They need one in Cali tooDude this place is fire and we went at like 2pm so I can just imagine when its popping at night. We love Always Sunny so wanted to peep game on the establishment. It's a nice bar, some pics up here and there, rotating drafts, cool cocktail list, and a more refined bar menu. The turkey blt was the truth! My man got the pork sandwich. *Moment of Silence* The juiciest, moistest, handsomest sandwich oh and the gravy was...not enough words can describe so I'll just stop. Nice crisp fries too. Its summer n they had Sam Adams Merry Mischief Gingerbread stout. So, so very pleasant.  Also there I discovered I had been sleeping on THE summer drink. Lemonade and Southern Comfort Black Cherry. I just feel enlightened after our experience here. Not to mention how ridiculously close it is to Penn's Landing so walked over and enjoyed our buzz while sitting near the water taking views of the city and the bridge.rude service, overpriced food and drinks, and horrible atmosphere.  who wants to spend money at a place they are disrespected by the servers and bartenders? there are many bars in old city.  no need to go here.Im relatively sure there is a decent bar somewhere under the thick layers of old city douchiness that cover this place, but its definitely not worth digging for at midnight on a saturday.Pretty cool bar and I had made it just in time for their drinks specials that start at 8pm which i found weird. Staff is okay could be friendlier maybe? The vibe is pretty cool and not to mention actors frm It's Always Sunny In Philadephia own part of this pubI've been here a few times and each time has been worse than the last.  Most recently, the bartender added drinks that I didn't order and when I called him out on it, he gave me an attitude.  The manager even came over and was rude as well. Somehow it's my fault that numerous mixed drinks showed up on a tab of a couple who was drinking beer all night?  Service - horrible, Food - mediocre, Price - typical Old City.
As a local, I won't be returning to the Mac's tourist trap.I always get the Cheesesteak Rolls and they are frickin delicious. Husband always enjoys his meals too. Can't comment on the beer because we aren't big drinkers. Food is great, service is great.This was the second time I have been to Macs and had another pleasant experience. The waitress that took care of us was pretty attentive and very nice. My friend even commented she was even super quick on water refills.  The gravy fries were really good; everyone enjoyed them.  The atmosphere was pretty laid back. I would go back again.Cozy place. Surprised after 5 rounds there was no buy back. Was quiet on Black Friday but picked up later in the nightFantastic draft and bottle lists.  Get Mac's fries - braised short ribs, gravy, and provolone is perfection.  Leave the chili alone - spicy in a 'I spiced this to be spicy, not flavorful' way.  Chicken tenders were very good, but only 3 pieces to an order.  Good ambiance, it's definitely a sports bar but still old-city-classy.Male redhead bartender is useless. Mild wings are extremely spicy. But they have a good selection of draft and bottled beers... Just avoid the wings if you don't like spicy food!  Also this bar has a gimmick -  guess what song is playing based on only being able to hear the bass line. It's quite fun!We hit Mac's recently and I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food is.  I had wings - which let's face it every bar has and they're pretty easy to make even if it's basic - but Mac's had a cajun spice on them that was really awesome.  I wanted to eat the plate.
I have to admit that I was skeptical about going in there, yes I watch the show but I was worried that this bar would be resting on the reputation that Rob M. is a part-owner, and I was happy that they simply just made this a neighborhood bar to hang out in and not some homage to It's Always Sunny.  It's just a nice neighborhood place, kind of like Drinker's in a way.  The bathrooms were fine (not sure what someone is saying about the bathrooms needing to be re-done, they're fine and much better than some other places in Old City).  The decor was what I'd like my 'man cave' basement to be done as when we refinish it, and frankly I think that's what the owners were going for - their own personal man cave that they own!  :)  Really, Mac's stands on it's own as a neighborhood joint with a great beer selection, good service and great food at a reasonable price.  It almost doesn't really belong in Old City, it should be in Northern Liberties, Art Museum or Passyunk b/c it's way cooler than all the Stephen Starr themed schlock (and the knockoffs) that's down in Old City these days.Very typical Philly bar, but I always have a great time here. It's pretty packed...always, but worth it occasionally. You have to fight for a table for a bit, but once you get settled in, the noisy atmosphere gets the rest of your friends going and it's a great drunken time. Don't come in here with a headache!Mac's Tavern is my go-to bar after a long day of work. The draft list changes weekly (if not sooner) & the food is comforting/filling. My favorite bartender is Brian.Came in for a beer and everyone was so friendly and the staff was amazing... but if the guy with the beard is working the bar, do not order a cosmo or a margarita... they are shit! (Jk) :pHave made several trips to Mac's so far and I have not a bad thing to say. Good selection of craft beers on tap and in bottles and cans (and just clap ya hands). Draft list is constantly rotating so I haven't seen the same beer twice.
Gravy fries with mozzarella are legit as well as the roasted garlic hummus. The short rib jack-stack burger alone is worth the trip. The burger was cooked to a perfect medium rare topped with braised short ribs, pepper jack cheese and a mango habanero ketchup. Not for someone who can't handle the heat. I've had the crab cake sandwich as well and not a ton of filler in this one. 
Although I'm no expert in bird law and you can't get a milk steak here, I would recommend you give it a try.First time here and it was AWESOME! Peter was our server and he alone was 5 stars. Great food, great service, great place.  I will definitely be back!I've been here before for lunch and had great service. Yesterday I didn't get so lucky. I stopped in with my fiance to get an appetizer and a drink. Our waitress took our order brought our drinks and food and never came back. Apparently she went home transferred the table and never told us or her co-workers she was leaving. The chicken tenders were awful, one was so dry it was inedible! When I told the other waitress she offered to take the plate away and nothing else. 3 extremely disappointing tenderers for almost $9.00. We came here because we thought it was a sure thing based on our previous experience, next time if we want decent food and service we'll risk it and try something entirely new when we're in the neighborhood.Come for the pop culture reference stay for everything else.  Great diverse beer selection great wings. Great fries.  Dru is the best attentive bartender. The wait staff is personable and attentive. Lisa, the Laurens, and Dwayne are always upbeat professional and friendly to everyone. The staff really keeps the place running smoothly. Love coming in on Sundays to watch the game.  Love Quizzo on Wednesdays.  If you are in old city check out this placeI was so happy to stop in here with a friend while visiting Philly- it was definitely on the short bucket list for our trip. Although the bar on IASIP is fictitious, I was happy to discover that Mac and Kaitlin owned their own bar in Philly. And this place is pure Philly. Nice beer, nice blue collar crowd, Eagles game (of course) on every TV in the bar. The walls were littered with pictures and autographs of all of the cast mates and other famous celebrities at the bar, Mac's Tavern at times felt like more of a laid back Hard Rock of Philly than anything else- which I know to some that may be an insult. Plus, the bar is located in one of the coolest and hippest neighborhoods in the city, and a short walk from the Liberty Bell itself- a great antithesis with the old and new parts of the city.Friendly wait staff and good beer selection. The Mac and cheese with lump crab was very good. We also had the buffalo philly which we enjoyed as well.Finally ventured here thanks to a level up half off food & drinks coupon. Service was typical philly style: rough around the edges yet altogether pleasant. Decent selection of beer and $1 off drafts during their 5-7 happy hour (I also appreciated the fact that at 7:01 our server still graciously gave us the deal).
But...WHERE IN GOD'S NAME DID THE MAC & CHEESE GO?! I heard so much about its cheesy goodness and then it just...disappeared. Not cool.
Mac if you're reading this, you should bring it back, and you should bring it back now. I beg you.
Gravy fries were just okay (although I tried the original - I'd go with Mac's House version next time). I did, however, enjoy the Spicy Sunny Corn which left a slight lip tingling sensation grace à la chipotle seasoning.
It's clear that Always Sunny is the draw of this place - worth checking out but probably just to grab some beers. This place also seemed to be completely male-dominated, not sure why.Eh average bar located an area with tons of better options.I read some reviews about rude staff so I was worried but went anyway due to my Always Sunny in Philadelphia obsession. Our waitress, Erica, was lovely and very attentive.
My food was delicious although I would say a little overpriced, however I'm unsure if those are Philly prices. 
The decor is simple and includes Philadelphia touches throughout. The woman restroom was a little tight. 
Word of advice for lunch, we walked in around 12 and there were only about 3 other tables of diners. By 1:30 the place was packed and a line of patrons were waiting to be seated at the door.I went to Philly for a work related conference and had the pleasure to be accompanied by my one and only hubby.  We are both fans of beer, food, and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.  When we found out that Mac's Tavern was close in proximity, it was a no - brainer that we stop by.  It was our last day in Philly and we were in the mood to indulge.  The bar was low key on a Tuesday night, but it was perfect.  We had Philly chicken sandwiches, fries and a couple of beers.  The wait staff was superb and we couldn't ask for a better evening.We came here solely because of the Always Sunny vibes. It wasn't exactly special in the sense of decor or what they offered on the menu. I got the Mac Collins and was disappointed by the gin used. I guess I expected it to taste less like whiskey and more like gin, and it was kind of hard to drink. The waitress was pretty slow too. It was charming and a decent place but just a bit boring and not really different than a lot of bars I've been to.When you walk in you'll smell the fries. Order them. Awesome beers and sandwiches. Looking forward to coming backSummer and Dillion are awesome bartenders! Tuesday Boozeday is always the best day out of the week b/c of them! The Endless Summer and the Breakfast shot are my new two favorite drinks.
They also have the best french onion soup in the city.. It has a giant piece of roast beef in the middle of it! Yum..
Also, please remember to tip them a lot for putting up with your drunk ass.I've been working in Olde City for several months and have eaten and enjoyed great craft beers here many times.  I often bring along business associates for lunch.  This week I was one of five for a Wednesday lunch. 
We all ordered varied sandwiches.  I ordered Mac's Meatloaf (Grilled mustard-crusted meatloaf, lettuce, tomato, chipotle mayo on grilled ciabatta bread $8.99).  When it arrived the whole table fell silent and just stared.  It looked that good.  Fortunately for me it also tasted delicious and was accompanied by Mac's famous fries.  This was comfort food at its best.  
As usually happens, everyone in my party agreed that their sandwiches were all excellent.  The chef here really seems to have his act together.  Every few months several menu items change and I look forward to the new taste delights. 
The entrance to Mac's is unassuming and it would be easy to just walk on by.  That would be a mistake.I obviously came here because I'm a fan of It's Always Sunny. Got Caribbean jerk tenders. Little pricey for just 3 strips and nothing else (13ish dollars) but tastes really good, also, I'm on vacation so price doesn't matter to me haha Also got a Mac's tea, hard initial hit with mellow aftertaste. Really good. Nice servers. Standard bar atmosphere.This is a good little bar in olde city, especially if you are into Its Always Sunny in Philadelphia. They have great beers on tap and also $2 PBR's. I would say it's more if an indie bar than a sports bar, but then again I've never been there for a game. The bartenders are nice and friendly, which is a plus. The best thing that I experienced was always being able to get a bartender's attention and my ability to get a drink as soon as I waved one down, which is a huge plus when you have to wait forever for a drink in other bars in the area. Unfortunately I cannot speak for the food, but I will go back and try it at some point.I was here today (1/30/16) and got a steak sandwich with jack cheese and mushroom. First off- great, great flavor. Ordered a few drinks as well. I'm kicking myself, I never got my bartender/server's name but she was awesome. Knew exactly when to ask me for a refill, saw that I was feeling kind of down and asked me if everything was alright. She played "Valerie" by Amy Winehouse and made me wish I could stay longer. I was there from 1:15ish to 2:30, a relatively dead time but it was fantastic. (And bathrooms were clean!) I'm not from the Philly area but it seems like the locals love it and so do I!Idunno... I'm still struggling to understand exactly what they're going for here.  It's definitely not an 'Always Sunny' theme bar - much to the dismay of the hardcore fans who add it as a top on their tour of Philly.  It's not really an upscale dining spot.  It's kinda just a bar - with a very good beer selection, good (but not great) food, good (but not great) atmosphere and doesn't really seem to have much ambition.  I'd come back for drinks if I was in the neighborhood, but wouldn't consider it a destination unless the Always Sunny folks were in town.I'm a big Always Sunny fan so I wanted to try out the bar during a recent weekend trip to Philly. 
For the most part, I was quite satisfied. It's not quite a theme bar, though there are some fun pictures of the cast hanging out up on the walls. 
Staff was competent, though Rob clearly decided to hire a bunch of hot girls. But they were hot girls who knew how to do their jobs, so that's no sin. 
Food was really good, I had a chicken wedge/hoagie. Quite tasty, as were the french fries (shoestring, yay!). 
I don't drink beer, so I can't comment on that aspect, though my boo is a big beer nerd and she was happy with the selection. I will say that it's bullshit that they charge for multiple glasses of diet coke, though they did ask each time, so at least there's that. Still, that sticks in my craw, how do they know I wasn't the DD? Soda from a soda gun costs them so little, they should just charge once and then refill fo' free. 
Ambiance was a little lacking, it was a bit too loud for my taste, though that was due to the clientele, not because of shitty music or a DJ or something. But still, it was not even 7pm when we got there and I had to speak up to be heard by my dining companion.Visited Mac's Tavern around 3 on a Saturday with a group of about 10 friends. All wanted to order food and multiple drinks. The bartender was so rude and clearly hates his job/life. I guess we were too big of a group and it wasn't worth the 20%+ tip he would have received from us. He was so miserable we left after most of us were done our first drinks (he never even served some of us even though he took our drink orders too). We went next door to Silence Dogoods where the two bartenders were super friendly and ordered delicious tator tots, flatbreads, and pizza. Don't even waste your time going into Mac's when there are plenty of other places in Old City that actually want your business!This is my favorite pub in Philly. The chicken cheesesteak is always consistently good and the drink prices are phenomenal! I love this place!A few months ago, I purchased a $40 dollar gift certificate for $20 on the Livingsocial website.  I do this from time to time because it serves as an excellent opportunity for me to try places that aren't on my usual list.  My wife and I headed down there this past Thursday night.  We found the place easily; it was located just west of 2nd and Market. 
The decor is that of your typical Philadelphia sports bar, with much of the wall decorations having been purchased at Model's.  The place was crowded, with every seat at the bar being taken.  We were able to find three high top tables near the front glass windows of the restaurant.  We grabbed the only one of the three that had two chairs (the others only having one each).  A few minutes after sitting down we noticed why the tables were vacant.  The glass windows made that whole area freezing.  I awkwardly pulled the table and chairs a few feet away from the window and under a heater.  
We waited a few minutes before a server stopped by our table with the menus and draft list.  The draft list was good. Beer snobs rejoice, this place has a very respectable list. My wife and I both went with one of our favorites, Troegs Mad Elf ($7.50).  The menu was also respectable. As vegetarians we went for the Mac's Mac-n-Cheese ($6.99), a Veggi Burger with mayo ($7.99 + $0.50) and  a Grilled Cheese Sandwich ($4.99) with fries ($5.99).  
The mac-n-cheese came out around 15-20 minutes after it was ordered, which I expected. Upon inspection, I noticed that it barely had any of those crushed BBQ chips the menu had mentioned.  Otherwise the dish was very good. The sauce was gooey and runny and after a quick stir all the pasta was once again coated in cheese sauce. I will certainly get this again should I return to Mac's. 
The entrees arrived in short time after the mac-n-cheese.  When I ordered my veggie burger, I asked the waiter if he had tired it and if it was any good. He responded "that it was O.K. and that they came in pre-made".  Slightly less optimistic, I decided to try it anyway. It was pretty good and scalding hot.  The role was definitely handmade and the burger had a chewy, crispy texture (in part b/c it was deep fried).  I was a little disappointed that the server charged me $0.50 for mayo without telling me.  The sandwich was supposed to come with a house aioli on it, but it didn't.  My wife's grilled cheese was impressive. The cheese, which was almost a half inch thick, had been broiled to get a crispy, brown, bubbly texture before the sandwich was finished and sliced. Her small side of fries, which she requested as an add on for her sandwich was ($5.99) bringing her grilled cheese and fries to a whopping $11. 
I wasn't overly impressed with Mac's! Other than a few puns on their menu, I would never have guessed that the place was at all affiliated with the show (I'm a big Always Sunny fan!).  Without the show as a novelty, I was left with yet another pretentious gastropub in Old City.  I might return to Mac's if a friend visits the city and wants to go because they watch the show. But the food, beer and atmosphere are better elsewhere.I was visiting a friend in Philly and since we're all pretty big Always Sunny fans we thought we should check out Mac's Tavern for a Saturday lunch. The inside had a nice sports bar feel and it looked like a good place to catch a game. From the start though, the service wasn't that great. It took a really long time after we sat down before a server even took our drink orders. It just seemed like a really long wait for everything: taking our orders, getting our food, asking for the bill, etc. 
We got the gravy fries as an appetizer and I got the jack stack burger for my meal:
Mac's gravy fries - This is their version of poutine. The actual pieces of short rib were really good. The meat itself was tender and pretty flavorful. The fries were wide cut and not too crispy. I thought the gravy was a little thin and I would've preferred if the cheese was a bit more melted. I definitely thought this dish was way overpriced, especially for the amount you get. 
Short Rib Jack Stack Burger - After reading the descriptions of everything on the menu I knew this was the one for me. Whenever another meat is a topping on a burger, I'm a fan. This burger had the same braised short rib from the fries on top of the burger. It also came with a nice mango-habanero ketchup, which didn't have as much of a kick as I was expecting. 
My friend also wanted the jack stack burger, as he's also a fan of some meat on meat action. But he wanted wanted his burger without cheese. Pretty simple request right? Well, our server came back to our table and said the burger had to be served as is and he couldn't take special requests such as ordering it without cheese. Excuse me? I understand it's hard to accommodate a request if things were pre-made or an ingredient was heavily integrated into the dish, but we're not asking you to change the burger recipe, just don't put the damn slice of cheese on it! I didn't really get it. My friend ended up having to order something else on the menu because of this.
I actually thought the food was pretty good, although a little on the expensive side. However with the combination of the slow service and ridiculous inflexibility of the menu items, I wasn't really satisfied with my trip to Mac's Tavern.My first stop when I hit Old City. Cute outdoor space if it's nice out to enjoy a beer. Bartenders are not the friendliest but are attentive and quick to get you another drink.Maybe I just came on a bad night, but it was just packed.  No room at the bar, no room at the tables, people everywhere.  The bartenders were really friendly, though.  And there's a variety of beers on tap.  And they actually DO take Discover!  What luck.Ah, Mac's.  You want to be hip and helpful, but you sort of belly-flop while other perfectly good dive bars are doing swan-dives into the pool.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I wasn't a huge Skinners fan, but I did like that it offered a late-night, low-key option in Old City.  The first time we went and asked for food, the horn-rimmed glassed server said, "Get the fuck out of here" and proceeded to shake his hiply tattooed fist at us.  Call it love.  I like a guy who tells me to get fucked when I'm the one tipping him.  Let's make a deal, boy-o!
Skinners was the type of dive bar you'd go to with your grandpa, if your grandpa were tattooed and used to work in a cool industry like lumber or steel.  Mac's wants to be that, but it also wants to be a college bar.  Hence, the tables and chairs, rather than the lurky booths.  The bartenders all seem angry, but that's part of their charm.  I don't know about you, but man, I want a guy to pour me a weak drink and slam it down in front of me like he's got John Henry's hammer.  
The main complaint, other than the essence of Skinner's being lost is that the drinks are higher priced and weaker.  I'm no lush, despite what my reviews might reveal, but I want a darn strong drink if I'm ordering it at midnight.  I don't want any namby-pamby cocktails with melting ice.  Make it strong and give it to me with a smile and I'll probably tip you like you're a million dollars.  It ain't always sunny at Mac's and that's the reality.  I do like that the bathroom isn't a freakfest and that I don't have to wait long, but if I want to go to a bathroom like that, I'll just stay home and make my own dang drink (counter-slamming optional).The employees here are extremely rude. Upon entering the bar we were barely welcomed and the bartender immediately asked for our IDS to which we provided them. As we sat down at the bar, another employee walked by and stared at us and without smiling or saying anything nice at all.. Demanded to see our IDs in an extremely rude way. We then told him our IDs had already been checked. He took our order and didn't apologize for being rude at all. On top of that, my friends drink had absolutely NO alcohol in it. It was absolutely straight cranberry juice. We won't be coming back again. If you're within the ages of 21-25.... No need to stop in here unless you love bad attitudes and virgin drinks. Apparently we didn't look old enough. Thanks for 0 customer service!Food was surprisingly good. I had the chicken Philly sandwich, which contained pretty sizable chunks of chicken. The beer selection also helped, even if there were limits to the local nature of it. It was a good experience overall thoughAs fans of Always Sunny, my friend and I made Mac's a must-see while we were in Philly for a night.  We did a self-guided pub crawl, so Mac's was first and 2nd to last in our evening.  It wasn't the amazing experience we were hoping for (no celeb sightings), but it was a cool dive bar with a diverse crowd.  This is the kind of bar I'd like to have down the street from my house, and I'd be a regular.One of my favorite bars in Philadelphia without a doubt. Every time I go in there it's better time than the last. Good beer deals, but not fantastic, the prices do run a bit high with drinks. But you've got to go in there just for the food. The Works fries are a meal for 2 in itself but they are the best french fries I've ever had in my life! You can't help but feel like the worst person in the world while you're eating them, but they taste so good it doesn't matter. 
It doesn't hurt that it is the quintessential Philly bar, with IASIP references included. A game is always on (NCAA included) and the people are cool. I wish I lived closer, this place would be my regular.Food is terrible. Mussels were overcooked, fishy and sandy. Wings were mushy.
It is basically a sport bar where drafts are ordinary. If you are looking for better beer, tons of alternatives around the corner, for example National Mechanics and Eulogy.
Avoid at all costs.
The End.Great place! Good food! Great atmosphere. Heart of the city. The service is awesome, the people are great! This is just the best place in philly to grab some food and a beer.I wanted to love this place so much, because of who owns the place. But, holy god, everything was bad. We came in at the tail end of Quizzo, and it looks like that was fun but I can't speak to that. 
The place is dark. I mean, had to pull out our phones to see the menu dark. The menu is small, so I was expecting some really great stuff because they're only making a few things daily-these dishes should be mastered. 
We ordered gravy fries with short ribs--they were the only edible thing we ordered. They were really great. Loved the horseradish. We also had wings, which were basically hot for the sake of hot. Why? I love spicy and I love hot wings, but there was no other flavor and they were small. 
Everyone was disappointed with their dinner. I got the burger with short ribs because it said spicy on the menu, but AGAIN, there was no other flavor. Just ridiculously hot with no other taste. The fish tacos looked like they handed you a couple fish sticks and you had to make them yourself. What? That's not right either, it's not how you serve fish tacos. One of us got the coconut tenders and there's was literally 3 chicken tenders on the plate. That was it. The food was lackluster at best, and the service. Ugggghhhh god the service. The girl serving us was just so...apathetic. She wasn't terrible, but no one there seemed to give a shit that they had customers. I took one bite of my food and asked her to take the plate back. She didn't ask if anything was wrong, and when she asked if j wanted it wrapped to go I told her I had no interest in eating the meal. No follow up, no nothing. 
The prices are super cheap, if you increased them to serve better products no one would mind. But, this place just isn't good. And since Philly is full of great places to eat, the only reason this place is still open is because of it's always sunny. 
Guys. It's not the actual bar. It's just a place the show creator opened after his success. There's no Mecca here, please stop going so we can get a better restaurant.It's always sunny in Philadelphia. Unless it's dark out, nighttime and the rest of Old City is shutting down early for the night.
My group of four was looking for a bite to eat around 11pm on a Monday night. Luckily we made last call for food at Mac's Tavern before the kitchen closed for the night. 
So Mac's is nothing like Paddy's Pub in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. It's a lot classier of a joint, although it is pretty cool that it's partly owned by the show's stars, Rob and Kaitlin McElhenney. Despite not being Paddy's Pub, it is a really chill pub to grab a drink.
Last night was my first foray into their menu. On Monday nights they have a special on fish tacos that is $2 off the menu price. The majority of my group jumped on the fish taco boat. The fish tacos were really awesome.  The platter came with four large pieces of tempura battered tilapia and the pieces to put together your own taco which included soft tortilla shells, guacamole, cheese, pico de gallo, peppers and a chipotle mayo sauce. This was the biggest portion of fish tacos I've seen in a while and tasty to boot. It was fun getting to put together the tacos myself. 
So my only gripe was the service. I understand it was a random weeknight in the summer and there was only one person working, aside from taking our order and dropping off our food/drink, my group was practically ignored. My one friend sat there with an empty water glass for the majority of the meal and didn't even get the opportunity to ask the server for more. Had the server/bartender stopped by more frequently, we probably would have ordered more beers in addition to more water. The kitchen may have closed shortly after we received our food, but the bar was certainly open still.
On the topic of beers, I thought the draft list was pretty cool. The beers were eclectic, but simple at the same time. The breweries they carried were off the beaten path, but with classic beer styles. I had the Citrus & Piney by the Hop Concept. I've never heard of this Cali brewery before, but enjoy a familiar tasting imperial/double IPA. 
Ultimately, I'm giving Mac's Tavern a 3-star review. Four stars for food, beer and atmosphere, but 2 stars for service. No worries- I'll be back.Great prices, service and conversations! Every person in this place was there for a beer and to relax. Ran into some philly icons here.Sorry rob, i love the show but this bar is just an average bar, an okay beer selection, nothing special, writing a bad review pains me i love the gang so much, its worth checking out but its not worth coming back toI had been in this establishment before it was the "tourist attraction" it is now due to the owner's career in the best show on television (my opinion, don't care if you don't think it's accurate). 
I just moved right around the corner on Bank Street and have sat there on weekday lunches, and afternoon beers in the summer, and I absolutely love it. Paul is a great bartender during the day and made us laugh, which is not always something expected on a lull afternoon Friday. Food is pretty good, LOVED the cheesesteak eggrolls. They also have a pretty decent draft beer selection, which is a plus in my book.
I'm assuming i'll be a reg there before I know it once i'm settled into the neighborhood for good. Watch out!I've genuinely liked this place since the first time I walked in. It just feels like the regular spot you've been looking for since moving into the city. It's laid back, plays great music, offers a pretty good selection of drinks and food and reasonable prices, and the servers are decent.
I recommend anything that comes with fries because their fries are bangin'. They are the shoestring kind so you have to be a fan of the thinner fries in order to enjoy them. They also have yummy mac and cheese which tastes very homemade. As with most bars, you can't go wrong with their burger. Mine was cooked well and was flavorful and juicy.
I can't quite give Macs 5 stars because it's nothing super special and their servers could be more personable but it's a place I continue to frequent and recommend to friends.
VEGANS- They have a mean Seitan Sandwich that you'll devour in seconds and come back craving.Finnaly ate gravy fries. Came here for a few cold ones and much needed food. Got chicken wings and Macs gravy fries. It was a good meal and good service. Ate outside and people watched. I feel this is a safe pick. Wasn't the best, but if your nearby and need a cold beer and bar food it's worth a stop. Our server was pleasant and helpful.I've been here twice and got the budget drinks and the fries with the dipping sauce. The drinks taste on the weak side but for a budget drink I wasn't expecting much, although the fries were GREAT! Will be back. Also I love its always sunny so the theme is awesome, just wish maybe they played episodes or did stuff more rated to the show in there.Mac's tavern is a premium spot to grab a beer and a bite in a sea of over-priced douche-baggery. Our server, Kristy, (Special K) was a gem of a human. She put up with our obnoxious chatter and incessant questions, and even remembered our dinner order without writing it down. Would definitely return, if not for the culinary experience, definitely for the Kristy.My second visit to Mac's was mostly good. Their beer list seemed to be largely leaning toward the Wheat side this past Friday night. I ordered a Boulder Sweaty Betty and was happy. My friends ordered mac and cheese which I happened to steal a bite of. It was gooey and cheesy and kinda tasted like someone cheese grated a bunch of Doritos on top to give it a nacho cheese dusting. It was OK but I wouldn't order it again. I don't know what it is but I am never that satisfied food wise here. I must be getting the wrong thing. Beer wise, they have a pretty decent selection and a cool jukebox with the Beatles making regular appearances. Until next time....If you could give it zero stars we would. TERRIBLE. 
And sadly I blame this on the bartender. We ordered soup and after waiting for what seemed like a long time, we asked if we could have it before our entree's came out. He went back to the kitchen and came back out with everything we had ordered. the soup was barely warm and the fish and chips were soggy because they sat in the window while the bartender bitched about everything under the sun to his friends sitting at the bar. 
The worst part is we drove there from Pittsburgh and it was 1 of 4 places we made it a point to stop. So for a bartender to just in a sense not really care about his bar guests for that morning, it really sucked. Not to mention I'm in the same industry, so trey you messed up, because you just took your tip from a 40% to a 20% . We won't be back next time around.Mac's isn't for everyone, but for my friends and I who have lived in Old City for years, it's the go-to. Mac's serves up excellent seasonal pub fare at a reasonable price. They have food and drink specials every day of the week and brunch on weekends. The service is excellent and the staff is friendly and accommodating as long as you're the same in return (aka- not for jerks demanding drinks and waving money around and not for uptight snobs). They have a great rotation of beers (and wine) on tap. You can watch games on one of their 4 TVs. Mac's has a solid group of regulars and also draws the neighborhood's tourists or visitors mostly due to the part-ownership of actors from the TV show, "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" which is the overall theme and decor. They have Quizzo on Wednesdays at 8 PM which is always a good time. We've been known to set up camp there during snow storms too because they're always open. It's comfortable and inviting whether you're with a group or solo. If you don't like this place, then it probably doesn't like you either.Visiting from out of town and went for lunch with guys from work right at opening so place was empty. I had burger with ribs on it (can't remember name of it) and everyone else had the steak sandwich. Great food. Also got to try "Not your father's root beer" and wanted a whole bottle but had to go back to work. Bartender was really friendly and told us all about the area and places to try out nearby.Utterly disappointed. Our waitress was the rudest person I have ever met. She messed up my order and told me I was wrong when I said I didn't order what she brought out, which wasn't even close to what I did order (mac chili) & I  even read directly from the menu and pointed at it. The food was subpar. The beer tasted horrid (yuenling on tap) & they have specials for the flyers game but the game wasn't on and the attitude we got when we asked if they were going to put it on was ridiculous. The place was small and had zero personality. Overall, it sucked. Not worth it and I do NOT recommend this place to anyone.Truly the best burger I have had in my life. Beer selection is incredible. Great that they were playing the show it's always sunny too!Simple food, great draft and bottle list, quick service. This is a great Olde City spot.CRAP service on a not-busy Saturday afternoon!!!  Over-priced+poor service=no thanks!!!
The only good thing about this joint is their french fries....Love that this place is in my neighborhood. Great place to have a few drinks and to recover from running the Philadelphia Half Marathon. Friendly staff. Great beer list. Large bar with lots of seats. Has TV's to watch sports. Definitely go to Mac's if you are in Old City.When I was visiting Philadelphia I wanted to see the bar owned by a few people from the tv show It's always sunny in Philadelphia so I made a 45 minute walk to this bar where at first walking in didn't seem that special. There was about 6-7 people in the bar drinking and watching sports which is typical and the inside has props from the show as well as pictures of the cast of the show which to me was well worth it to stop in. Bought a mixed drink and couldn't complain about the place really in general but the bar tender did seem annoyed that I wasn't a local to the area and that I asked a question about the tv show which the bartender just brushed off and moved on to another customer. For a bar it is everything you would expect and I honestly didn't stay long enough for the food but I will be coming back to try food and give a full review but for now I'll give it 4 stars for the people who enjoy the tv show and want to stop in and hang out and see the memorabilia from the show.Food was okay, calamari was really good, fish tacos okay but cheesesteak wasn't good and the fries were
Undercooked. 
Service was....well, we were told they do not give out the wifi password and that they offer NO additions or subsitutions on their specials....so I couldn't  add chicken for an up charge on the special Greek salad. 
Definitely more of a spot for drinks.....Party of 7. Cold food, cold service, had to beg for napkins. Brunette bartender  just ignores you.Cheap drinks, chill atmosphere. Did not hugely represent Always Sunny in Philadelphia,  but still a nice bar. Good selection, friendly staff.So a friend wanted to come here as he was a fan of 'It's always sunny' I was reluctant as usually I find themed or pop culture places disappointing.
Very happy to be disproved as the atmosphere was great and the food was awesome and well-priced. Had the rib burger and it's probably the best pub food I've had in the US. Mac and cheese was also great.
Service was also very strong with some great recommendations from the young guy who served us. All in all very good range and not too expensive!Bought a great groupon and coincidentally went on a Quizzo night. The food was great. I had the fish tacos (even though I was not satisfied with having to construct them myself. Hubby had a burger and the handcut fries were amazeballs! There was complete chaos during Quizzo and they didn't even attempt to control the crowd which was rather annoying but I had a good time.So disappointing. I will say, the service is 5 stars, but the food is 1 star, so I needed to give it an average of 3 stars.
Service/Bar review: I walked in, was helped immediately. I told the server I like Kenzinger, but like to try different beers, and he stopped me and just said "I got you". He brought me over 3 different beers to try, all of which were light and just my style. Now that is service. On top of that, i liked all three of the beers he had me try. A server that knows their beers is a good server to me.
The Food. Just terrible. My friend and I had wings and Mac's Mac. Both were not good enough to finish. The wings were small, over fried, and tasted like they had been under a heat lamp for twelve hours. Mac's Mac was a little better, but it came out boiling. Literally, boiling. The cheese was bubbling, and we couldn't eat it for a few minutes. It tasted a little bland, it was definitely missing something. It needed more BBQ sauce for sure, or some type of hot sauce. The corn chips looked like Doritos.
This bar is filled with guys. Just men in suits everywhere.
Also, way too expensive. One beer and a dish of small wings should not be $20.I see a lot of bad reviews for this place, but I tend to disagree. They have a pretty decent selection of drinks and one HELL of a steak sandwich. "The Bourbonic Steak" sandwich is an incredible mix of steak, onions, bourbon infused sauce, melted cheese and a crunchy hoagie. For bar food, I am blown away. The sad part of this perfect creation is that it is only offered on the summer menu, and I expect it to go away once the seasons change. Until then, I will continue to get drunk and wonder into Mac's for this magical creation.
I would have given this a four star rating if I were to base it solely on the steak. The rest of the food here is very "meh", and it's pricey as hell for what it is. Go somewhere else for the money, but come here to just try a steak sandwich. You won't be sad.Stopped here over the weekend for a few drinks and a snack. Bartender was sweet and friendly, no complaints there. She pointed out the drink & appetizer specials. That is where my complaint is. We ordered the macaroni & cheese, which is listed in their "starters" section. What a huge let down! The mac & cheese was served on a totally cute miniature cast iron skillet, but that is where the compliments end. The menu advertised a 7 cheese sauce. There was very little cheese on the noodles, and the pasta tasted dried out and slightly crunchy. If we hadn't been so hungry we would have sent it back. Please don't waste your cash on this particular dish. We also tried the lobster bisque. This was OK, but had a very heavy sherry flavor. Based on these items alone I will skip the fare at Mac's next time. Atmosphere is nice, cozy, and dim, the way i like my bars -- with lots of dark wood. Nice place for a drink, just not to eat...I'd consider myself a semi-regular at Mac's and I'd be a true regular if not for two things: the people; and the people. Perhaps it's my fault for going on Fridays but the throngs of drunken office parties and tourists lessen the experience by playing awful music on the internet jukebox and not adhering to spacial relations guidelines. Otherwise it's a solid local tavern with ample seating (both at tables and the large, almost horseshoe bar,) decent bar food, great beer selection, and low prices, ESP for this part of Old City. Bartenders are friendly and it's a good place to watch a game.Tried this spot on a whim and was pleasantly surprised.  Mac's has a fun atmosphere,  reasonable prices,  and delicious food! The steak sandwich with gouda was incredible.  I'm already looking forward to going back!Reasonable prices, decent beer list, and inexpensive food. I have eaten a veggie burger here, and chicken sandwich with broccoli rabe, both were fairly good.
Crowd was a mix of college aged/young folks and older people.
I went at like seven on a Friday and they were blasting music super loud.
An okay option for Old City. $3  Craft Beer and $3 shots during happy hour.While it's probably true that my parents wouldn't like it, Mac's has quickly become my go to spot in Philadelphia - It's really a no brainer.
Here's what you can expect: 
1) Great gastropub type food (lots of different kinds of 'loaded' fries, fish tacos, excellent burgers, chicken sandwichs) at amazingly good prices. I can't remember a darn thing on the menu costing more than $9.99! The bang for the buck on food alone sets Mac's apart. 
2) Excellent beer selection - not the greatest in the world, but fierce none the less. I think they have about 10-15 different beers on draught and also an extensive bottle list. 
3) Punk and Ska music... loud. We've heard NOFX, Minor Threat, Five Iron Frenzy (who listens to these guys anymore?!?) 
Anywho it's time to hit the road - if you're going over there tonight, come say Hi - I'll be the one in the blue zoo york hoodie. Boom!Mac's tavern is a perfectly prepared filet mignon served between two pieces of wonder bread. The beer selection is amazing but the bar tender is a beertard (now don't go getting all offended, I truly mean his bear IQ is bellow 70 points so what I am saying is actual fact). There was an expensive ale with high alcohol content so I thought maybe double IPA even though it was not labeled as such. I ask beer dude to clarify, and he replies "uh...yah". Is this him being a douche bag or is he unsure? I throw caution to the wind and order the beer. Not double IPA, not IPA at all. In fact, beer completely lacks any hoppiness. Here is my advice, bartenders of Philadelphia, when you are unsure don't make the mistake that your customer is clueless as well. Just pour them a tiny sip and the worst that could happen is they don't purchase said beer and they pick something they are happy with. Come on people, this is bartending, not rocket science! Strike one. My pals arrive and we head to a table. We all order our food and in very little time, it starts materializing at our table. The mac and cheese is orgasmic. Who would have thought that some crushed up corn chips on top would make all the difference? The french onion soup is also very good, although I feel that the spare rib is overkill. The burger came out perfectly prepared and even the meatloaf sandwich is something to leave out of your conversation with mom so as not to make her jealous. The only problem is that not one of these delectable food items belong to me. The server forgot to punch in my order. Now don't get me wrong, I have a soft spot in my heart for servers as I was one for many years. BUT... girl wrote everything down. How do you forget something that is staring up at you from the paper in your hand? When my poutine (fries with gravy, cheese, spare rib meat) does finally arrive it is awesome. Except that all my friends are finished and ready to leave. Strike two. The final strike is the rediculously loud music that makes it impossible to converse over an extremely tasty dinner. The food and beer are filet. The service and atmosphere are wonder bread. The complete incompetence of the staff is very reminiscent of the joint's namesake. Sorry, Mac-Dude the irony on this one is lost on me.I went there on a packed Saturday and everything about this place was amazing. Great service: the bartenders were friendly and quick with their service. Food and Drink: Great selection of beers and the food was delicious. If you're in olde city this is the place to go; you heard it here first!So we came here for Quizzo on 02/20/13. We sat at a table and I had great food and drinks. HOWEVER, the server was HORRIBLE. I arrived alone, ordered a beer no problem. however.. when my guests' arrived... she asked all of them for id's and said she didnt ask me because she was "being lazy". When my friends arrived, my friend asked for the price of a captain and diet coke, and she said, like a snob, "well I dunno, I'd have to check I guess" and didnt go and check. Later, I ordered a crab cake sandwich no onion, and my friends ordered grilled chicken wraps, one with pepper jack, one with cheddar. When the food arrived, mine still had the onions on it, and she presented the food as "Provolone?!" And "the other one??" She literally called the food "the other one". We didn't order provolone, or anything called "the other one". Later, my friend insists that another one of our guests has another drink, she orders it imperatively, and the server did not retrieve it. She said to the friend, who was asking about it  "I didn't listen to her". She actually said that. Then... We go out to smoke, and she watched us from the window to make sure we didn't run off. (Mind you we are four well paid adult females). When we ordered a second round of tequila shots- she laughed as If questioning our order. About 15 minutes later she told us she was leaving, asked up to close up. As we put our cash together, she watched us from five feet away, and grabbed the book out of my hand before I had even closed it. Before my career, I was a server in a high end restaurant in rittenhouse square. I am not mentioning this to say I have high standards, but to maybe suggest that her services would be better at a Wendy's. I've had better servers at Applebees.I was here yesterday for drinks before going out to dinner, but this review is just an overall experience I've had here over the years.  The place is small, but I have never felt too cramped here.  I think a lot of the buzz had died down about the place and gawkers coming to see if any of the famous owners are visiting the bar (though I have met a few of them over the years, always friendly and down to earth).  The bathroom is quite tiny and uncomfortable here...I wish they would somehow expand that because it can make for some awkward experiences on a crowded Friday night.  The bartenders here are generally pretty friendly as well.  They do have happy hour which usually knocks off a 1-2 bucks off a draft.  This place is also good for a big crowd as there is usually ample space around the bar.
The place has an excellent bottle selection and the draft rotation is usually pretty decent with about 10-12 beers on tap.  The food here is pretty standard and very few things have jumped out at me over the years.  The fries are pretty good and the cheesesteak spring rolls are absolutely excellent.  Other than that, don't expect too much.Should be 3.5 stars. The crab cakes are 5.0. The Mac and cheese is 4.5. Crab bisque is 3.0 and hummus is 2.5. Overall, not great but not bad. Waitress, exceptionally attractive  so that's adds the .5.I really like Mac's. They have a great happy hour and a great ever changing beer list with unique crafts that I don't usually see. 
The turkey club is one of the best sandwiches i have ever had!I've been to Mac's now several times and all in all for a brand new business it is a great place. The vibe is good, the people are friendly, and the food is amazing.  A must try is the pork sandwich and the calamari. As soon as the kinks are worked out (like air conditioning) this place will be the best spot for a beer and a sandwich in old city.I love It's Always Sunny. I'm not sure why you'd come here if you didn't, but whatever. So anyway, I go down to visit my sister and I tell her we definitely have to go to Mac's. We get to Mac's, but it's at capacity, I think there was a birthday party going on or something. Sadly, we go to another bar a couple of blocks away.
After about an hour at that bar, I'm tired and grumpy, I just want to go home. However, my brother-in-law knows how much we wanted to go to Mac's and he convinces us to go back and see if we can get in. We go back and it's still crowded, which is weird because it's a Saturday night, but I didn't expect it to be this bad. We finally go in and as we're walking in, Danny Devito is leaving. He high-fives us and says hello and we're freaking out. We order beers and we see Mac and Sweet Dee across the room. More freaking out and lots of texting. It was pretty cool.
I suppose the prices aren't terrible here and the atmosphere is noisier than I like to be in, but this place gets five stars because I got to high-five Danny Devito here.I liked this place from the min I walked in. Been here 3 times now. One of the nicest bars in Old City. Good beer selection. Great music in the background. We enjoyed our meal too. It was just a fluke that I walked into Mac's Tavern to learn that Mac & Sweet D are co-owners. That just added to the cool factor. I'm just happy not to see any hipsters types in here.I was doing some site seeing while in town and stopped in for a bite to eat, and boy am I glad I did!!!  Bourbonic Steak Sandwich is amazing!!  The crab cake appetizer was also really tasty.  If you're in Philly and looking for decent pub atmosphere and great food, stop here.  You will not be sorry.Pretty good place as a pub!  Great Zin on their HH ($5).  Usually HH wine anywhere else is only is A-OK.  Plenty of beer options, draught and bottled.  Our server (asian guy) was excellent and very knowledgeable and attentive.  Will be back.  Didn't try anything but fries yet.  Also caught the first portion of Trivia on Wednesday night.  Pretty entertaining actually!Been here twice thus far.
1- Saturday night to grab a quick drink and chat with some friends.  Place was PACKED.  Hard to get a beer.  Bouncer was incredibly nice however so props to him!  Good hiring.
2- Came for Quizzo.  Did not start until 30 minutes after scheduled time.  Beware- MOST of the beers listed on the board are not there.  Instead you have to ask the bartender and play the guessing game.  Please if you are reading this update the list!  However the bartender wa spretty awesome and suggested a great stout on tap.  Again witht he good hiring!
Had three different types of wings- cajun, buffalo, and thai chile.  Cajun I could have odne with otu but it was fine.  Buffalo and Thai were both great.  Very small so we did get three small orders and I was not full.   Had a chicken cutlet hoagie sandwich however when I asked to pay extra for cheese on my side of fries I was told "The kitchen just won't do it- they tell me no".  Are you kidding me?!?!?!?  I will pay your establishment extra $ for what I want.  If I can't get something as simple as extra cheese I could have stayed home and gorged myself on Whiz out of the jar.
Overall some great points and some pretty awful points.  I will give it a third try  but please if I ask for cheese just give it to me and charge!Cool little bar on Market Street owned by Kaitlin Olsen and Rob McElhenny (Dee and Mac from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia). Don't expect an exact replica of Paddy's but a cool local style bar that pays tribute to the show. Very good experience and I hear that the cast does hang out there when they are in town filming exterior shots for the show.I was in Philadelphia for a few days visiting my brother back in June.  While there I had the chance to bum around Old (Olde?) City for awhile.  I stopped by Mac's for a quick beer...and ended up staying the remainder of the evening.
The atmosphere was very comfortable, the beer selection was great (I just got back from living in Texas, so I'll take Victory on tap when I can get it!) and I think the dipping sauce for the fries was created in a secret government laboratory.  It was awesome!
The only disappointment?  I came by the next day for lunch before leaving town, only to find that they weren't going to be open for another couple of hours.  Oh well.  I'll get my hands on that dipping sauce again someday....
In short; I highly recommend Mac's.  A great place to hang out, have a few quality craft beers, and an awesome meal.cant complain about this spot. hop off the el and it's right there. there are big screens and some tables or many stools at the bar. not too much space for standing around/dancing unless you make the room for yourself (e.g., become a spectacle). there's a jukebox on the wall by the bathroom.
will definitely go back, havent yet tried the food.Ate here with a friend from out of town this past weekend. Fantastic experience. Nice atmosphere and friendly waitstaff. The veggie burger I had was exceptional. As a vegetarian I find most restaurant veggie burgers to be a let down but not the one at Mac's. The burger came with a heaping pile of spiced fries. They were also exceptional. The meal came with what may have been a chipotle mayo - I used the sauce on my burger and to dip my fries and it was great with both. I also ordered a hard cider which was pleasant. The macaroni and cheese looked really good so I will probably return soon to try that. Highly recommended. 
P.S milk steak and jelly beansA few friends of mine and I are It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia fans, and we decided to take a road trip to Philadelphia to go to the tavern and explore Philadelphia. The service was very disappointing. As former reviews have stated, the bartender and server were both very rude. The server forgot several of our requests and had to keep going back to the kitchen (Ex. I added shrimp to my salad-no shrimp) We were the only ones in the restaurant, and the server walked past our table several times without making eye contact with us. We had to flag her down to correct our orders and then it appeared we were bothering her.  The only saving grace was the Macs Iced Tea. I'm glad we all got to see it, but if you're a huge fan of the show, there's not much memorabilia in the restaurant and the service wasn't great.Wow. Never have I been so disrespected before. The bartender who is a chick on 7/30 was completely rude.  She should not be allowed to bartender in Philly. Please fire her. I got kicked out after 1 beer...get some better bartenders....Great food, friendly service and a great rotating beer selection. 3 things for a great bar.
Chicken fingers 5 stars maybe a little crispy for some but just the way I like my fingers cooked. Who the heck likes soggy fingers.
Cheese steak puffed pastry 5 stars. The burger was cooked perfectly served on a toasted brioche roll with crispy fries.Yes, I stopped by here because it's owned by Mac of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia". And no, it doesn't have the vibe of Paddy's Pub at all, which is ok. It's a really nice addition to the neighborhood for some quality food on Market St. I really enjoyed the muscles. Perfect, spicy broth and fresh succulent muscles. It's one of my all-time favorite dishes so I'm glad they did it just right.
I'm coming back to Philly end of June, so will stop in again and check out more of their menu.Seeing as I am a HUGE fan of Always Sunny (I basically live my life quoting Charlie all day long - I sound very intelligent now, I know), coming to Philly and not visiting Mac's would have been like committing a mortal sin!  I kind of wish we spent more time here, because the people seemed the most normal and down to earth in this neighborhood as opposed to say, Fishtown where they are all fat cranky hipsters that cut themselves in order to feel. 
This is the place to go if you love beer and I'm not talking Miller High Lifes and PBRs (though they do have them for $2 a can), I'm talking any beer your heart desires; their selection is quite vast.  I was pretty pleased with my Languintas IPA!  Their gravy fries were yummy, but really how could you mess up fries with gravy poured on them?  
Great spot.  Love you Mac.Actually, I know that this place is related to It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia (TV show) and although it has a different name, it is cool to go since I LOVE that show.  The food was actually REALLY good food for bar/pub food and they had an amazing beer selection.  It is WORTH the trip and not nearly as touristy as I suspected it would be.My hubby and I randomly wandered in here on a recent trip to Philly because the name "Mac's Tavern" made us think of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, and low and behold, the place is actually partially owned by Mac and Dee. Which was explained to us by our waitress after we had to ask why there were so many pictures of Danny De Vito on the walls. 
That made it awesome enough, but I have to say the food we ordered was really good, so it was well worth stumbling into. The crab cakes were some of the best I've ever had - perfect texture, just crisp enough on the outside and moist on the inside. The mac and cheese was pretty tasty as well.
Overall the service was great. Our waitress was very friendly, checked on us frequently. Knew a lot about the beer selection and gave me a great suggestion (which I can't remember now - sorry.) I'll definitely go back here on my next trip to Philly.It's better than bad it's good!
My experience was a beer (coors light bottle) and the crab cake sandwich that was on special. The beer was cold. The sandwich was plenty lump as advertised with some crispy shoestring fries on the side. Service was excellent at the bar and I was very impressed with the vast beer selection. I was there on first Friday and the staff all around handled the crowd like pros, no delays in any area. 
Price was maybe a buck too high, but then again, olde city. I didn't really see or notice anything "it's always sunny" except for some silly heads on the upper walls; quite possible a good thing. I didn't get a sticky dank dive feel given the tasty food, but rather a fun loud bar.
I will return to try their version of a poutine with a different brew.Definitely not typical, kitschy, or a tourist trap. Mac's is a pretty damn good restaurant with damn good food. My GF and I went here when I was visiting a friend in Philly. I went with the grilled chicken wrap. Figure it would be a pretty typical sandwich. Mac's definitely made this thing great, and that isn't the beer talking. The aioli is also a good dipping sauce for the fries. Cheap drinks as well so you can't go wrong there. 
At one point I felt the waitress was sort of pushing the check when she saw us enjoying our drinks for too long (Note: I really lost track of how much time I was taking between these drinks). Other than that feeling, she seemed very friendly and checking on us if we needed anything. 
Great place to watch a game too as most of the seats have vantage points of the many tvs. 
I'd be happy to get another sandwich and a beer from Mac's again when I am in town.No!  Physically inedible.
I went there for lunch, had the $12 Bourbon Steak sandwich thingy, and it was almost inedible --  I don't mean the flavor was bad, but the meat was so tough that was physically difficult to eat it.  
You can't just bite off a piece like a typically Philly cheesesteak, because it takes 30 chews to split the hunks of meat into two pieces (yes, I counted).  I had to disassemble the sandwich, dump the roll, and saw through the pieces of meat with a knife.  Too bad, because the flavors should have tasted good together -- steak, onions, mushrooms, gouda cheese.
I am a local guy -- I know what a Philly cheesesteak is supposed to be.  This sandwich is more like the "slab of steak on a roll" that you'd get in Chicago, which is fine, if it's edible.
My buddy had the pulled pork - - it was physically edible, but very "meh".
The interior is dank and dark, but I guess that's the Paddy's Pub "crappy local bar"  thing they are going for.   Even if you are a fan of Sunny in Philadelphia (as I am), there's no nostalgia here for the tourists.
Maybe the bar scene there is happening, but not the food.   (Note:  the server was fine, no complaints there)My husband & I have been on the search for "our place" - a bar around the corner from our apartment where you can go during the week and know that you'll have a great meal & good drinks without any fuss.  So far, Mac's is the closest we've been able to come to this.   It gets a little crazy (and quite frankly too crowded) for my liking on the weekends, but there's no better place to go on a Tuesday night, sit at the bar, and have some good food & good beer.  
I love that they have Wells Bombadier in bottles, along with a ton of other great local (& not so local) beer selections.  As far as food goes, I'm partial to the fish tacos.  The fish is always fresh & crispy, and the sides that come with it are great too.. guac, pico & a chipotle/lime aioli.  You also can't go wrong with a $4 shot of Jack Honey.  Enjoy!I enjoyed Mac's!  Came here on Friday night for some post movie drinks.  The crowd was laid back...I didn't sense any douche, which was nice!  There was one guy attempting to serve the entire floor and he did a good job - he was all over the place yet I somehow also was able to catch his eye and get another drink.
My friend got the crab cake sandwich and it was BIG.  Tons of crab plus fries...I have no idea what it costs but I would have paid a pretty penny for it.  
I have no clue what my vodka clubs cost because my other friend picked up the tab (thanks Alex W.!  Youdda mannnn!) I'll definitely go back!Nice local bar to grab a beer.  Although this place was made famous by the "It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia" TV show, it doesn't have any of the gimmicky or touristy feel that visiting the Cheers bar in Boston has.  This pretty much is a local neighborhood bar, picked up from it's hidden location and dropped down smack dab in the middle of Old City.  When the bumping bass and flashing lights of the 2nd Street clubs, or the clouds of apple scented hookah smoke become too much for you, this is a relaxing and tranquil place to grab a pint with no judgment or worries.  Also, great pre-game location and an easy spot to have friends meet you at.I love this place. I live in the city and I thought it would be filled with tourists. Not only is it a great place the food is really great in a city that has let's face it has really awful food. Really surprised and impressed. The chicken coubon is really worth going. Great staff really friendly. Highly recommend it. Definitely will be back.The Resturant was out of everything on the menu we asked for. After we got our appetizers the price and size did not match. I will never return and would not recommend it.Came here yesterday with my boyfriend on our way to This is Hardcore at the Electric Factory. There was a Phillies game on so all PBR and Miller High Life tall cans were only $2! Then, once the game was over, happy hour had started and they were STILL $2! This was the chillest bar with such a pleasant, laid-back vibe. Plus, Pat is awesome and was a fantastic host. Such a friendly and cool guy. Would absolutely love to come back here the next time I visit Philadelphia! Obviously, the Always Sunny stencils on the wall and photographs were awesome as well!!My family and I came in we waited to be seated. We were treated unkindly. Spent time waiting for the waitress and we had to go in and ask if we were gonna be attended the waitress literally handed the menus and dismissed us. I come from nyc where we are known to be rude lol and I don't treat others. I have manners to be respectful.It's an average bar. The beer selection is good, with the ever awesome Victory DirtWolf Double IPA in bottle. Staff was friendly but nothing amazing. Prices are fair. There are a few TVs, but this certainly isn't a place to go to focus on sports - that would be secondary. I did not have any food, but it looked fine. The bar itself is clean, but the bathrooms are cramped and a bit questionable.Mac and Cheese appetizer was really good, good mix of cheeses. Had the Meatball sub and my wife had the Chicken Cheesesteak. The meatball sub was very good, the meatballs themselves were over the top delicious. The bread was very good. Could have used a little more sauce though, but still superior. The chicken cheesesteak was good as well, good and cheesy and chicken was juicy. They had a tremendous selection of beers, had a super hoppy beer that was delicious.This is my first yelp review. I guess it is true that we tend to remember the bad more so than the good.
Mac's is a pretty cool, laid back bar with a decent draft selection, fair prices and a friendly staff. It has the vibe of an upscale dive bar, which is my kind of place. Unfortunately, the positives stop there. I would highly recommend NOT eating food at this establishment.
I had the steak sandwich. Put simply, this was the worst meal I've ever had in my entire life; not just the worst steak sandwich or the worst bar food, but the worst thing I've ever put in my mouth.  A loose calculation says that I've eaten roughly 40,000 meals so far in my life. This one was the worst.  To add insult, I had done a long run earlier in the day, was starving, and was unable to eat more than 1/4 of it.
It wasn't just me. My two buddies also tried the sandwich and both found it equally horrendous.  It wasn't just the steak sandwich, either. One friend had the chicken cutlet sandwich; after he couldn't finish it I asked if he'd give it at least a 3/10 to which he replied "I definitely wouldn't give it any more than that. I'd rather go to McDonald's because at least I could finish that."
In Mac's defense, my other friend had the buffalo wings and said they were good.
Despite my two star rating I'd highly recommend coming to Mac's if you're only planning on drinking. But if you're even remotely considering getting food, please stay far, far away.This is a great place for tourists and Philly regulars. They have a great beer selection, quality food, and a knowledgeable bar staff. A must visit if your coming from out of town.Time to end the night right with the right kind of bar for us!!!! A few of my Philly friends took my Honey and I here because thats were they like to hang out. I can't believe out of all the visits to Philly no one ever told me about this place! I LOVE IT! The bartenders, Mike and Dillion were amazing. We sat at the bar, and had the best service ever. They made us killer Chocolate Cake shots for the birthday group, and also knew how to make a good Jameson and Ginger for me! My Honey had IPAs and everything was not even half as expensive as prices in NYC. Why do I not live in Philly?!!!!!
Hospitality here was like no other... I will be back soon!!!!!!!!!!This place gets 5 stars for the Mac & Cheese.  Yes, it is that good.  My only bright spot from when I was an Old City Resident.
Other than that, they have a good beer selection, a nice vegetarian selection, and I've never heard any complaints about the food all the times I've been.  The bathroom's always been clean.  Wait staff has always been nice.
Avoid on weekends - it's filled with the typical Old City D-bags that run around.I had a Groupon so I went here with my family.
I was really disappointed and wanted to love it but the food was just meh!!!
My BFs "Mac and Cheese" was good but I've had better.
My daughters "chicken fingers" were like flat thin smushy chicken cutlets.
I had their "Hot" Wings which I was told by the waitress whom said she likes "hot" were just the right spice....well they were SWEET!!!!
I've had bar-b-que wings that were hotter!
The saving grace was the french fries but I wouldn't come back just to eat the french fries! With so many great places to eat in Olde City, Mac's does not stand out!
They do have an awesome selections of Local PA craft beers...but I was driving so no beers for me :(
Four stars for the Service...it was quick and attentive but it was 3pm on a Saturday!
So the place wasn't anywhere near packed.I checked out Mac's Tavern this past Saturday night.  I liked the setup of the bar, as it was pretty room and had a lot of TV to watch the Phils' game on.
It was pretty cool to see themed foods from the TV show, so I went with Mac's Chicken Sandwich. It wasn't too bad, although I have to say it was a little on the dry side. They also have a pretty good vegetarian selection too.
In terms of positives, I really liked the beer selection. I went with a Sawtooth, which I have never had before. It was also funny that the server gave me a written list of all the beers-probably an way to imitate Paddy's?
Also, for being in Olde City, the price of food and beer was manageable. Most of the items were under $10. So, a meal for two here was a lot better than going to Kabul for dinner.
Overall, I ten to see this place as fun bar to watch games at, and to pre-game at for your night in Olde City.I heard about this place being owned by one of the guys from "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia." I enjoyed my time here at this bar. The bartender was friendly and the people that I met at the bar near closing time was also friendly. Thank you guys for making my experience at Philly a great one!Typical dive bar feel. Bartenders were fairly attentive and the cocktails were good. I tried the Cuba Libre and the Grapefruit fizz. Both were well made and tasted good, but a bit too sweet for my taste. My friend had a couple beers. I wasn't blown away, but I wasn't looking for anything special so Mac's hit the spot. Maybe next time we'll try the food. 
Bar was pretty well visited for a Saturday afternoon. They had the U.S. Soccer game on, so that could explain it. Still, I think I'll come back when I'm in the mood for a dive bar and good catch up with a friend!Went during beer week and me and my friends were just looking for a place in Old City that none of us had been to before. So, Mac's! Plenty of seating and spacious, so that was good. 
The server was friendly, but unfortunately not great at describing beers. , It was overpriced, and the food was fine. Actually I did really enjoy my super hot wings- they were really hot and awesome. Location-wise, it's right in Old City, so can you complain? I am. We should have headed home instead of this strip of tourist bars and restaurants. 
Anyway, won't go back, but if you want a beer and an easy low-key experience it was fine.Of course as being Its Always Sunny fans my boyfriend and I had to come check it out. We weren't let down the slightest bit. The service, the food, the drinks, everything was nothing short of great. We'll definitely be coming back. I recommend anyone close to market street to check it out.Went here with friends to watch a Flyers game and loved the place. Really unobtrusive little joint. Staff was super friendly. Beer specials were good. Wings were tasty. Just a great place to have a beer or watch a game. I'll be back.I loved this bar. Yes, I'm a fan of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, but the bar really has nothing to do with the show and it's just a great place to grab a beer and watch a game. They have what seemed like 8-10 different beers on tap, which is outstanding, in my opinion. They also have Original Sin Cider on tap, which is the only cider I really enjoy, so I was really pleased to see that. Their list of bottled beer is too lengthy for me to even mention, but they are all written on the wall and it seemed like they had 50 or so listed. The bar is very clean, as it's brand new, and the staff is friendly and attentive. The only reason I didn't give Mac's 5 stars is because the music was so loud when I was there that I had to shout to the person sitting directly across from me; I actually lost my voice the next day from all the yelling. It was a Saturday night around 9:30, though, so hopefully it's not always like that. Other than the music level, the music itself is fantastic (old Blink 182, The Clash, stuff that I used to listen to in junior high and high school that I knew all the words to and is always fun to have on). I wish this bar was in NYC!I never ate food here, but I've had a beer plenty of times.  I'm a fan of this bar as there is no cover, great beer and I can always get in.  I really can't stress enough how great the beer selection is.  This is probably one of my favorite bars in the nearby area.  My first trip was only because I loved It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.  I thought it would just be a gimmick type place, but it's really a nice place to relax.  The bar is always somewhat dark.  I try to stop in whenever I'm in the area.Don't bother. We ordered the pretzel
battered chicken strips and the aioli fries. The chicken strips were nothing special, couldn't taste any pretzel batter, very small portion for the price. The fries were way overcooked, brown and saugie and the aioli had no flavor. The two beers my boyfriend ordered (first choice was a yueng ling and second choice was an IPA) from their menu, were both tapped, so he had to order a house special IPA, I wanted an Irish Cider, but they didn't have that, so ended up with a blueberry peach cider, not very good. Bartender seemed very unhappy and there was a another loud lady that was behind the bar, not sure what her role was, since she was only seating people, not serving. Anyway, don't bother with this place, not up to the hype.On a tourist kick we went to the bar from "It's Always Sunny"  and was expecting a experience like the Bull and Finch Pub   but was greeted with a regular  close to dive bar. 
  Great Beer selection of locals and micro-brews from all over the US, not as many as other brewpubs, but a great selection across flavor profiles. Seemed like mostly college kids/ hipsters. It was quizo night, but we saw the quizo girls stop by a few time before a waitress showed up.   Food and Apps arrived.  Hummus was ok, didn't taste like it was made there.  Fish Tacos had some great heat and nice taste.   I'd rate it a little better that regular bar food, and their fries were great!Decent bar with a fair amount of seating, a good beer selection, nice bartenders, and 2-hour trivia on Wednesday nights.  They only get 3 stars based on the food - the Garden Salad with Chicken was a decent size, but lacked anything special and had some oddly textured meat; the Calamari was surrounded by too much fried breading, although I did like the spicy peppers mixed in.What gets me coming back to places is not primarily the food or ambiance, it's the staff and here.. staff (puke emoji) sooo unfriendly and they make you feel as if you're bothering them when ordering..wouldn't come back. The bartender (woman) way I too involved in "regulars" stories.We just popped in here for a drink and had a blast! The music is fun and there were definitely two random women breaking it down to Silento for a minute! The atmosphere is super relaxed. There are some nice beers on tap and the bartenders are chill. Unlike some other Yelpers, we had great service.I have no idea how to feel about this place. If you want a relaxed dive bar in the middle of the chaos of olde city, then here you go! The place is relaxed and great for a quick starter drink before you stroll into the madness of a weekend adventure. The wings are pretty good too!A steak sandwich to die for!  I just stopped in for lunch and ordered it.  It's thickly cut Angus ribeye.  Extremely tender and flavorful.  My choice of cheese was provolone and they used a medium sharp variation.  You could actually taste it when you inhaled a bite.  It was served on a toasted role with caramelized onions.  Add to that a side of the quickly becoming famous Mac's fries and it was an amazing lunch for $7.99.  
This was absolutely one of the best sandwiches I have ever had the pleasure of devouring!We got the Mac and Cheese and the seitan sandwich.  The food was pretty good - no complaints there.  It's a sports bar so it's really loud and crazy, and the service was sporadic  (one waiter I think for the whole place when we were there)  
But the food was good.  I was hoping for more of an It's Always Sunny connection, but there's no sign of the show inside at all.Mac's is located on a street of philadelphia staples, so its a bit easy to overlook.  Went in there because it was owned by some of the people on "its always sunny..." 
Though in the heart of the most historic areas in the city, the bars tries to paint its self as a dive bar, however because everything is new and pristine it tends to look a bit more trendy than divey.
I had a cheese steak and i can say it was right on par with any cheese steak you can get in the city, won't blow your mind but if ur in the mood its a safe bet... I  have also had the cheesesteak eggrolls which i would not recommend.  First because they are $12 for 6 smaller pieces and they are more corn dog and egg roll The beers were a bit pricey at $7 especially for a place that has a subtle hint of paddy's pub, however they do have specials during happy hour that make it pretty cheap
Overall i would say this is an avg bar which can be easily overlooked if it were not owned by some Philadelphia celebs. Not dying to go back, but if someone wanted to go i would not fight them.Macs tavern is a great place! If I ever own a bar, it would be exactly like this. It's a true philly gem, great music and food. The beers are always great. Service is almost too good, the first time I went with my girlfriend we got two free beers.
Seriously, if you don't go here I don't think we would get along. Go birdsMac's is a great spot in Old City.  We went for a few beers, some food and the last week of (non-Bowl) college football.  The beer selection is pretty good and the servers/bar tenders are all pretty knowledgeable about the beers on tap.  We didn't have full meals, but the Cheesesteak Rolls were phenomenal for bar food.
My overall experience was heightened by the fact that I really wanted to watch a UW-WSU Apple Cup (if you're on the east coast, you probably don't even know those teams - Washington and Washington State).  They threw me the remote and let me change the channel.  After I lost one TV while in the bathroom, they gave me full control of the remote for the other TV.  My friend and I were cheering for the Huskies, who ended up winning on a last minute TD, and my friend received an 'excessive celebration' cocktail on the house.
I tell that story because it's a sign of servers/bar tenders that enjoy working there, engaging with their customers, and making sure everyone has a good time.  Well recommended if you're down in the area with friends and want to have a good time!I spent 99% of my last visit to Philly here, and I regret not spending more time here this time around.  
Mac's is pretty awesome.  They have a great selection of beers, the bartenders are SO nice, and the food is a genuine delight.  
We went around 12 on a Saturday for a quick bite and some beers, and everything was so good.  We got fries and gravy, no cheese (Lactose Issues McGee!) and they were just awesome.  I seriously cant remember ever having better gravy on fries.  I wanted to make out with them.  Extreme.
Anyway, the bartender was so nice and friendly, and everyone there was having such a good time, watching football and just chilling.  It definitely get a little rowdier at night, but overall, this place has an awesome vibe and a great environment.Are you a fan of It's Always Sunny? Of course you are! You wouldn't eat mediocre over priced food at this place if you weren't!!!
Considering this place is owned by most of the cast from It's Always Sunny the decor was pretty cool. Lot's of prop things and photos.
The food was alright and the beers were over priced.Went here for a happy hour on a Thursday.
Nice place, quick service, not crowded, decent atmosphere.
Happy hour special was $1 off drafts, but that meant they were still $5.50, a little high. 
Also had their Sweet Garlic wings (large order) $15!!!!! Way over priced. Good but over priced.
Probably wouldn't go back here.