This is my 3rd time to this Mad Rex and this is my 3rd AMAZING experience. I brought my family here to celebrate my brothers 21st birthday and the staff was super nice and the food came quickly and very very well prepared!  The cooks take great pride in their food, the bartenders take pride in the drinks and the servers take great pride in their service. To date, this is my favorite restaurant and i am always happy to bring new people here because i know the impression will always be a good one!  Thank you so much to the management staff and to the owner for really thinking outside of the box and running an amazing place! I WILL be back.  I highly recommend check this place outWent on a Thursday night. Place was pretty empty so seating was not an issue. Was with a party of 10. Our server was attentive and she did a nice job. We ordered appetizers. One of each item on the menu. The only thing that was was good was the pita bread they served with the hummus. Everything else was ok. Most of our table ordered the Mad Rex burger. I ordered mine medium rare. Was medium and cold. They use a brioche bun which didn't hold up well with the burger. Fries were mediocre. One person ordered a medium cooked survivor burger. His rock was cold and half his burger was raw. They were very accommodating in getting him another. Overall the ambiance is interesting and staff was good but food could use a lot of improvement.Great service was blown away by the service we got one meal that was cold mgmt jumped right on it ! Took. Care of us great job to the team at the resturant what alot of fun and great service! By the way food was really good and the desert was outstanding drinks also rated above average!Mad Rex had an awesome feel to the inside of the restaurant, however i ordered a steak off the survivor menu and it almost wasn't edible due to how poor the cut was. there was more fat than beef. i was excited to try cooking on the lava rock but it didn't do too much for me after seeing the cut of steak i received. if i found out they fixed this issue i would return. otherwise id spend my money elsewhere.Loved it~cool spot, great food!  Absolutely enjoyed myself!  Food and menu are creative, very energetic vibe and great drink menu!Neat concept but the service is the worst. The manager Paul was great I highly recommend this cool spot best flat bread and friesAwesome first time here! Strong drinks and good food. 
Funky and cool decor and chill vibe.
Nice layout and amount of space.
Very accommodating as well.
I definitely will be back to try the rest of their strong cocktails.
Teresa and Erica rock!Like many, I was sooooo interested to check this place out. We went around lunch so it was DEAD- and they sat us next to the bathrooms but next to one of the owners (the man who's face was plastered all over Fishtown for fraud) schmoozing a potential investor and going on and on about how "they're the number one restaurant in philly" which I had to laugh at. I found the food to not have much flavor at all but our sever was sweet but SO OVERWHELMING. Must have checked on us 10+ times.Mad Rex was a great all around experience! Food was fantastic and it was fun cooking on the lava rocks. The complimentary hummus they put out for each table is legit. I also was a big fan of the sugar cane sodas. 
Friendly and knowledgeable staff who all were very attentive with the exception of the hostess. She seemed very overwhelmed. I'll give her a pass since it's a new establishment, but taking off one star since she checked us in for our reservation then sent another party to our table.  
Definitely will be back!The place is hella cool. Great vibe. The fact that there's a DJ is cool. I haven't tried the VR room yet but it looked okay through the glass.
Food:
The bread they give you while you wait is EPIC. The flavor and taste are great. The flatbread pizza was a bit dry. 
Drinks:
Nice, stiff beverages here. I wish the drink menu was more expansive
Overall
It was a great addition to the city physically but the drinks and food could use a boost in quality. Cost was right on for what you got. Staff is okay.I went during happy hour. 
They open at 5, so I arrived around 5:20. The bar area was still being prepared, so I sat there and waited until they were ready to assist me. Not great, but not a big deal. 
When I looked at the happy hour menu, the Vigilante sounded interesting, but when I ordered it, I was told that they no longer serve the vigilante. I asked for the Mad Rex beer, but I was told they no longer serve that as well. I was told they could make a well drink instead of the Vigilante (I can get well drinks from anywhere), and I told an exclusive Manayunk brew replaced the Mad Rex. No thank to both. I drank water instead. *I usually like trying a location's specialty drinks my first visit. 
The wings were good! It was wing day, so they offered more sauces. BUT THEY WERE WARM, like they've been sitting out for a while. That's weird bc the place just opened up at 5. I don't get it. They were $3 for 5, which is a good deal. I just wish they were warmer like normal food is when it leaves a kitchen.
I also ordered the rib (another happy hour item). I wasn't impressed. The sauce was different, but the meat wasn't really good. 
I'm happy I went during happy hour and alone. My bill was $8 plus tax, and I won't spend anymore here. 
The two stars are for the barely warm wings and the  oil decor!I began a review of Mad Rex a few months ago when we visited but I wanted to sleep on it because at the time I wanted to give it zero stars.  I've reconsidered and gave it 3 stars. Interesting concept is a plus. The servers and waitstaff seemed to give it the best they could - also a plus.  The tables are entirely too large. I couldn't speak to anyone across from me at all. The owner/ manager was weirdly pointing that our plates needed to be cleared immediately but then we waited entirely too long for drink refills. There was a huge disconnect there between staff and this owner/ manager which was awkward to watch happening as a patron. Get to know your diner! Don't just clear their plates.... this advice to management more than waitstaff. The virtual reality lounge didn't have nearly enough staff to help you navigate anything... you almost felt bad asking for help because they were stretched too thin. The night we went the back cash register also only took cash.. no cards. It was a long chaotic line when we checked out because of this. It was a neat concept and I wish I could give it more stars but I wouldn't recommend.This place was actually a good surprise. Despite a terrible first encounter with a really rude hostess who gave away our table and lied about a wait time (that ended up being over an hour) and refused to give us an open table that had been cleaned for 20 minutes, the manager went above and beyond to improve our experience. Our server Christian was fantastic and attentive. The food was actually SO GOOD! A few of us went for the "survivor menu" where you cook the protein yourself on a steaming rock. It was a cool concept and the meat and fish were really fresh. Overall I recommend for the food alone, regardless if you're into the Mad Max theme.Showed up over an hour before closing and was told the restaurant was closed for a staff party. While I usually wouldn't write a review if I didn't get to actually eat at the restaurant, this sort of thing Is just kinda unprofessional. It's easy enough to make temporary hours available online or even just edit the google buisness profile so it shows you have special hours that day. Took us about half an hour to get up to the area and it was disappointing to have to search for somewhere else to eat.
The staff member was polite enough when he left me know they were having a staff party but wasn't really apologetic. While a free drink or appetizer or something on our next visit would have been a nice token, I'd of settled for a "hope to see you soon" would have sufficed.A post-apocalyptic themed restaurant? I was more than a little skeptical. But the promise of a truck on fire outside on Frankford Ave and a "food first" experience made me just curious enough to check it out. And wow- this place exceeded my expectations. The decor is fun, the staff is engaged and engaging, and the food is no joke. We entered under a chandelier with a sword-knife-thing hanging from it. We were seated at a seriously sturdy long table supported by barrels. We were surrounded by funky gas masks and weaponry. Our beverages were served in pint glasses embedded with bullets and brushed chrome goblets. Our starters (grilled octopus salad and mushroom flatbread) were perfectly executed. How could they not be when this place literally employs a forager to go out and select the mushrooms it uses? We cooked our own salmon and beef on 750-degree slabs. We ate chocolate ice cream out of ice cold Himalayan sea salt bowls (I will never eat ice cream from another type of bowl again). And THEN we went into the virtual reality chamber to enjoy, among other options, a beautiful beach sunset. I'd go if I were you.Order
Survivor Guide 8oz Filet with a side of Garlic Roasted Mashed Potatoes 
(Ordered an egg to make steak and eggs)
       Which comes out with a hot plate and a side
Mad Rex Burger
This restaurant isn't that busy during lunch, maybe it's because you get attacked by flies when you're trying to enjoy your meal. The hot plate was a cool idea at first, but the side dishes got cold while we were cooking the steak. The burger was ordered to be cooked medium, but it was well done. I can't complain though because it was the juiciest well done burger I've had. Overall the food was good, and they have amazing drink selections with some cocktails with spice. Wouldn't order the hot plate dishes again, rather have it cooked and ready to eat, or a big hot plate to cook it all at once. We did get a free appetizer, but I think it's for all customers. Anywhoooos, I'll be back for the drinks!Went with my boyfriend yesterdayaround 4pm on wednesday when they opened. We were sitting at the bar by the host stand waiting to be served, then the chef comes out and was screaming in this woman's face about something. He was very rude and distracting, I think he must have been the chef to have been yelling at her like that,  he was a big guy and the woman he was yelling at was so small. Such an unpleasant experience that we just left. Looking forward to our meal and trying out the VR experience but he was so rude that we didn't want to stay.This place is located in front of sugar house and across from the comedy club/ clubs. This is a really cool place. The decorations in this place is far beyond incredible. It's just absolutely stunning, and very authentic. It's def worth going just to look inside and how nice and interesting the deco is. The food is also very different and flavorful. I had the steak where u cook it in a hot stone and you can season it on however u like. It's soooo cool and worth while to check out!This was my first time at Mad Rex and overall I would say the atmosphere/ decor was great. Service wasn't bad but the food left a little to be desired, especially desserts.Mad Rex feels like a Rainforest Cafe at an amusement park in the year 2050 and in the best way possible. It's gimmickey, the dystopian theme gives it an adult feeling while the menu, which includes items you grill in a flaming trash can, and virtual reality lounge are fun. The staff went above and beyond to be attentive and the owner gave us a free drink - it was delicious.Appetizers were good. Theme burger for $22.00 good once. Had better for half. Atmosphere not what I expected. Manager breezed by multiple times, almost like an apology. Sunday night dinner around 6. Staff seemed like it was past there bed time.
Seems inner City restaurants do not need to try as hard as suburban establishments, just by per capita...Great place amazing food 
Definitely place to go 
Interior design is insane 
Everybody is very friendlyFirst time going... First thoughts: Tried many of the apps and honestly the food is not good. The pita for the hummus was doughy, the beef kabobs were flavorless and the wings were good but the sauces (blue cheese & hot Rex sauce) sucked. I would have rather had store bought blue cheese and buffalo sauce than what they were trying to make. 
The service was slow and the girl who took care of us at the bar did nothing but complain about the place. Computers too slow, bars too wide. Total buzz kill.
Another issue: the bar height/stool height is terrible. They gave no thought on comfort. You sit waaaay too low for comfort in those bar chairs. Not to mention they are totally impractical. They are already getting filthy. 
I also fell on the ladies bathroom rug, it's so slippery. Go ahead, try it out. You'll see. 
They cook their meat on hot coals and when it comes out it's SOOO Smokey. There's no ventilation in the place and the windows were open- we left STINKING of the place. Had to change my clothes when I got home and wash my hair. What will it be like in the winter when the windows can't be opened? 
Lastly, are they not paying their beer distributors? They had 3 kegs kicked and no red wine. I smell issues. At least condense your taps so it's not so obvious with cups thrown over your kicked taps. 
Anyways... although it was kinda bad I might be going back on Wednesday's for their happy hour. Cheap drinks. 
They clearly put a lot of money into the place but need to work out some issues...Love this place! The theme and props are so detailed and fun! Even just walking around and taking pictures or looking while you wait for your food is nice. The service was great, just like the food! One of their unique meals is the heated stone, that is about 500 degrees I believe, where you can cook your own meat of choice, and that was amazing!!!! The seasoning was so good, cooking it yourself is so fun, and its hot and fresh and cooked exactly how you want it (because you're the one cooking it)! I'd definitely go back either for a full meal or just drinks because the atmosphere was great for either or.Love the apocalyptic atmosphere and attention to detail in the decor. Very much enjoyed cooking my filet on the black lava rock. I love meat and delicious meat I got. Tasty sides of garlic mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus complemented the food experience. Opted for a lunchtime meal rather than dinner time and it was quiet, didn't feel rushed and staff was very attentive. For dessert it'll be the VR lounge.This place rocks! The theme is present throughout and the VR lounge is so fun! The food is great, and so is the service.I talked one of my friends into coming here for dinner and after she read the reviews (darn!) she would only agree to drinks as she felt there were too many questionable reviews to justify paying for food. (I shall come back and be the guinea pig - more on that later!)
Anywho, we went after work with plans to have a few drinks and then slide for dinner plans elsewhere. The first hint to leave should've been when we stood in the lobby with about 5 different members of staff that completely ignored us until we decided it must just be self seating and sat at the bar (still unsure if a hostess exists). Then the bartender ignored us too. Once capturing his attention he walks over and says what do you guys want (1: we're females and 2: shouldn't you offer a menu?!?!). So I asked for a menu. I really felt uncomfortable doing that because ummm, like... why did I have to? We decide on drinks and the bartender comes over and takes our order. In the meantime he serves me my drink then appears to ask another worker about the recipe (how'd you know you made the drink properly if you're unsure?). Drink tastes fine. Kinda like alcoholic cucumber water. I mean that in a good way as unattractive as that description sounds. Also, I found it a bit strange that he was adamant about putting out my flaming lime as if I was somehow going to set my weave on fire. Weird. 
We reluctantly help ourselves to another round of drinks and then it really goes downhill from there. Apparently MR was hosting some type of business mixer event for some organization and our service went from pretty shitty to outright nonexistent. Bit of a boisterous crowd that we weren't expecting and would not have ordered another drink knowing the influx of people would be so dramatic. I'm assuming the bartender figures his tips were already made for the night so we were expendable. I'm pretty certain if we weren't morally conscious individuals we could've dipped on the bill and it would've taken the bartender until clock out to realize it. I later saw on Instagram that MR introduced a happy hour menu a few weeks prior to our visit that was not mentioned or offered. After having to put in the effort of asking for a menu at the very least you could provide ALL available options! So not a good bar experience. 
Still, I am intrigued enough to come back and try MR for food (and drinks *side eye*) if to do nothing but to justify or update this 2 star review. My first impression wasn't the best so this isn't a place I'm willing to expense. I will instead take an unsuspecting young gentleman that is trying to win my affection to absorb the costs of what may very well likely be another waste of money/time. But hey, cheers to gimmicks!Only open 4 days which explained the horrendous service and lack of availability of the menu and wine. Manager came to table to explain after the hour plus wait. Wish they told us before we waited over an hour for cold tomato basil flatbread and the glass of Sauvignon Blanc that never arrived. Worst restaurant experience ever. I can't even leave all of the bad details. Decor was cool but that was the only pleasant part of the experience.Fantastic atmosphere, delicious food, friendly and professional staff. A one of a kind experience that you'll wish you visited sooner!
Try the flatbread and sea salt ice cream-absolute apocalypse heaven.Called an hour prior to arrival asking if we needed a reservation and we were told no. Arrived with a party of 4 and were told they are only accepting reservations tonight and there was a miscommunication with their staff. Hostess was less than apologetic.Cool, unique spot with a different experience you won't find in the area. It's a Mad Max style bar with food you can cook in front of you on a 600° rock - it's entertaining. The food and drinks were good and the overall atmosphere is lively (to go along with that area near The Fillimore). It feels like a restaurant from Disney or something, it's very different. 
The managers customer service is fantastic and thoroughly look forward to going back with a group.This place is bad-ass. You order a drink and get a glass with a bullet built into the side. We ordered off the survivor menu which comes with a hot lava rock that you cook your meat on. The NY strip and culotte were both impressive, offered with different dipping sauces and your choice of a side. The duck fat fries and the asparagus was cooked perfectly. Crispy and full of flavor. They offer vr experiences on an Oculus system, ranging from undersea adventures to horror experiences. The bill definitely grows, but it's worth the experience for sure. An entire wall of custom made weapons on display? Several different custom made armor sets? All awesome. Definitely worth bringing some friends and checking out. Antonio, one of the managers, was really helpful and welcoming. Worth it for sure.If the apocalypse is anything like this restaurant, I don't want to survive.... 
Our server highly recommended we order off the "survivor" menu, which is a hunk of raw meat delivered to you next to a 700 degree rock. Yes, I thought he was kidding when he said that too. So for the low low price of $30 a plate, you cook your own dinner. 
I had the chicken strips, which are supposed to come already cooked, my scalding rock was "just to season it". Yeah, fully cooked if you want salmonella. 
As a table of 10, most of us ordered mac and cheese as our side dish. Let me preface this by saying we were just about the only ones in the restaurant. Waiter comes back and says they need to make more, we're promised two small sides to start plus two LARGE bowls when it's finished. We were given one cold plate of mac and cheese with a huge string of plastic in it, probably from the packaging they poured it out of. 
Dessert! About 5 of us ordered the ice cream salt bowl, where you get your bowl of ice cream plus a salt bowl to add flavor. I did not receive my promised salt bowl, and when I inquired, the waiter assumed I was just going to share with the person next to me. Huh? 
Finally, the virtual reality. Our birthday girl got 5 free minutes and chose the "haunted house" where she was trapped in a corner and couldn't figure out how to move, and neither could the two available assistants. Another guest with us got a free 5 minutes for the plastic incident. They recommended we "take photos and laugh at our friends!" Yeah they were sitting there doing nothing. 
Don't go here.It may be too early to review this restaurant but I'm going to give some thoughts on my initial visit to Mad Rex.
I get the impression the owners were annoyed that the opening was already delayed and felt the need to rush to open. Almost all of the issues we had were related to restaurant operations and not the food, drinks, decor, etc.
To make sure we wouldn't have an issue sitting down we made reservations for Wednesday night. When we arrived the hostess seemed surprised we had reservations. She then said we would have to wait 20 minutes or so to be seated. This was a bit of a surprise as there was nobody waiting to be seated and we had gone to the trouble of reserving a table. There appeared to be empty tables but we chalked it up to the servers being overwhelmed and essentially stalling for time. 
They offered us some 'free VR' to apologize for the wait. That amounted to watching a cheesy two minute demo advertising the VR service. That wouldn't have mattered if they hadn't framed it as they were giving us something as an apology. Being underwhelmed by the VR visuals and experience we decided we would cool our heels at the bar. But we couldn't get any drinks. The restaurant got huge, plush, & luxurious bar stools. They are so huge that there is no gap between the seats. If you don't have a seat you essentially cannot interact with a bartender. We were stymied and had to sit around. 
After about a half hour we were taken to a table they said 'was a share table and other people might show up and sit here'. I spied a beautiful looking table for two and asked if we could sit there. She apologized and said some confusing thing about how we couldn't possibly sit there because it wasn't properly entered into the computer system. At that point I was just frustrated and agreed to sit. After a while someone came and introduced themselves and asked if we would like drinks. We said we would but no one gave us a cocktail menu. She returned with one about ten minutes later and we ordered. Ten minutes after that our server came back to say they were out of the beer one of us ordered. We ordered another and we insisted on putting in a food order because we were getting nowhere fast. My cocktail comes out. It is sugary and bland but it's a drink. The beer is still missing. Our appetizers arrive. They are well-crafted. The beer is still missing. To keep you up to date we had a 7pm reservation and my dining companion doesn't have a drink at 8:30pm. After being ignored for a seriously long time we flag down someone to ask if we could possibly get the beer we ordered. Our server suddenly appears and seems annoyed that we wanted to have a drink with dinner. The beer (it's just an opened can of beer) arrives a few minutes later well after we were long finished with our appetizers. I ordered another beer in hopes that it would arrive before midnight.
The 'survivor menu' steak arrives. It is beautifully presented and accompanied by delicious sauces and nicely prepared and plated sides. We had a fun time cooking our meats on the hot rock. The quality of the meat was exquisite. The only caveat I have for people who order it is that this preparation is for people who enjoy their steak rare. Without an open fire or oven heat it will take a silly amount of time to cook the steak beyond rare. This wasn't a problem for us. We happily seasoned, seared, and dipped our delicious steak and picked at our delicious asparagus and roasted fingerling potatoes. 
After our entrees we were pretty stuffed and declined to try the desserts. 
All in all it was a uneven experience but almost all of the complaints can be chalked up to growing pains of running a big ambitious restaurant. The bar and servers really, really need to get on the same page. We were essentially waving money around and they restaurant was stubbornly refusing to take it. We left full but totally sober having been given two beers and one cocktail over a 2.5 hour period.
Ultimately I think the restaurant has a lot of promise. The ingredient quality is stellar. The menu is simple and elegant. The staff is friendly and eager. I am definitely going to come back after a month or so in hopes that everybody is firing on all cylinders.
Review breakdown:
Food: 4 stars (average). 4.5 for mains, 3.5 for apps
Ambiance / Theme: 4 stars
Service / Bar service: 2 stars
Total: 3.3 but don't consider this a complete review.We were here too late to try the food, but the atmosphere for the open bar was amazing!  Everyone here was friendly and helpful!  The drinks we had we very tasty.  Can't wait to come back and taste the actual menu!!!!When I think Mad King, I think Aerys Targaryen - not theme restaurant. So, like many other reviewers, I had my doubts about Mad Rex. Would it be gimmicky, all hat and no trousers? Would it be over wrought, a forced conceit of apocalyptic tchotchkes all stuck up on the walls and high shelves like some 2078 version of TGI Fridays? Its greatest asset was its proximity to the Fillmore where a large group of us were planning to see a show and wanted to grab a bite before.
There were ten of us  and we were seated at a long table in the section facing the kitchen. Apparently, after the apocalypse, we will need very large, over-sized wooden chairs and part of the aftermath will mean that once you are seated - you must sit, or plead with your table mates to get up and let you out. A five men enter no man leaves situation like being in the window seat on a long flight, you have to figure out if things are dire enough to warrant the disruption. Wisely, I sat on the end. The set up also prevents wait staff from circulating around the tables and they are at your collective mercy to distribute the food to your mates who are seated at the far end of the table. Again, metaphors for the apocalypse abound. In the future, for those who survive, it will be awkward as they try to pass hot lava rocks and raw meat to their friends down the giant table. Why not make it fun? Just keep all the food and no one else eats. The staff did their best to ensure a kind of Lord of the Flies food war began as half of our orders were missing, but I digress. I would suggest that perhaps one less table in this row could ameliorate part of the problem, but that would mean the loss of a 10-top, so not sure how the restaurant will approach this issue if at all.
The apocalypse only happened last week, apparently, and there are many post-apocalyptic wrinkles to be ironed out. The large wall of windows into the kitchen gave us full view of the panicked wait staff pleading with the line for their orders and managers coming back to "check on things." The vibe delivered disaster, but maybe not in the way the owners envisioned. 
Our server was harried and hurried and scribbled our orders down on scraps of paper. When items from our order were MIA - the POS was blamed, not the random scraps of paper. Somewhere in the middle lies the truth, but this is an easy fix once the POS system is fully implemented and wait staff have handhelds. 
The cocktail menu featured some fairly esoteric house drinks, all in theme of course, which can be labor intensive and one would expect to wait for such a concoction. One would not expect to wait too long on a glass of wine or beer on tap, though, but wait we did. Beer and wine took about 30 minutes to arrive and it required multiple follow-ups from our server, a floor manager, and another server. Half of our food was missing and the other half was fine - perfectly acceptable food. Nothing remarkable, but certainly decent and I have hope that it will only get better if the kinks can be worked out and the good folks can get on with their jobs instead of trying to manage the chaos.
The footnote to this is that the management reduced our bill significantly, and was very understanding and apologetic. Most of us will return and give this place another chance. It will never be top of my list for Philly, but it could be top of my list for a place I would go with a large group before a show at the Fillmore, that is if the world doesn't *actually* end in the meantime.Mad Rex is a cool, new unique dining experience in Philly! They are still working out some kinks which is normal of any new restaurant, so don't pay attention to any of these 1-star reviews. Their attention to detail on the theme/ experience is amazing, food and drinks were very good (free locally sourced carrot-squash hummus anyone), cooking your own meat is always fun and overall we had a blast. Check it out before everyone starts going here!The food was ok..took long to come out and seemed under cooked (beans and potatoes seemed slightly hard and steak was a bit pinker than wanted). We sent the steak back and it took a longgg time to get it back; when we did some of it still looked pink and cold.  The mixed drinks were interesting and good.  Decor very cool, but a bit loud!  The waitress was very good!  They don't have a kids menu and the sandwiches are only available till 3pm.I really wanted to like Mad Rex. I've been following articles about it since it opened, and was thrilled when my friend threw a surprise birthday party for me there. We had a large group, 14 of us, and we were seated by the bar in a very cool space. I was excited to go to the VR room, they had told my friend who made the reservation that we would have space available at 9pm in the VR room (we had a 7:30 reservation). Sadly, we did not make it there due to the insanely terrible service. Our waitress was incredibly slow. She welcomed us quickly and gave us one drink menu for all 14 of us, and when we asked for more, she gave us just another. I borrowed one from the bar so we could place our drink order. The music was super loud so we couldn't hear each other, but that's fine, I've been to restaurants with that kind of experience before and it kind of worked with the apocalyptic theme. But it made the incredible wait between when we were welcomed and when our waitress returned to take our menu even more noticeable. After at least 15-30 minutes, she came back to get our drink menu, iPad in hand. I could tell my group was already fading quickly, so I asked if we could order both drinks and dinner. She looked at me like I was nuts and said to the whole group, "Let's just get a round of drinks in RIGHT?!?!!" like a bad party pumper, and declined to take our food orders. And it doesn't get better from there. It was comical how long it took for her to bring drinks back and then again to take our food order. 
While we waited for our food, we finished our drinks and they sat empty for a long time. We legitimately thought we had been forgotten. Finally the waitress returned and got a second round of drink orders. One of my friends ordered the same drink twice, and it came out completely different. The first one was a light off-green color with jalapenos. The second came in a different glass, with no jalapenos, and was bright yellow. She asked if this was the same drink, and the waitress insisted that it was....even though it tasted and looked completely different. 
Finally, at 930, half of our tables food arrived. And of that half, half of it food was cold, and orders were incorrect. 5-10 minutes later, the other entrees came, again some parts cold and some parts warm. One of our group ordered an appetizer that arrived after they had finished their meal. The food was nothing to write home about. The experience was hilariously bad. 
We ate quickly and were ready to go, the energy of the group completely fading from this horrific dining experience. It took, no exaggeration, 40 minutes to get the check. When we DID get the check, there were errors, despite the fact that the waitress took the order on an ipad which one would think would eliminate errors. It was just terrible service and incredibly disappointing. We signed our checks with sadness, giving the already included 18% gratuity with annoyance, since the service was honestly the worst I've had in years.Mad Rex is all about the experience.  Its said to be the world's first post-apocalyptic restaurant and virtual-reality lounge.  The decor is pretty awesome, with the post-apocalyptic theme.  We arrived early around 4:30 on a Saturday and were told that we would be one of few walk-ins for the night.  The place was booked solid for the evening as you would expect for a new place in Philadelphia.  
Our waitress was polite and pleasant and told us Mad Rex is the first Post-Apocalyptic themed restaurant in the World!  I wonder how well that was vetted.  We were started out with some complimentary pita and carrot hummus. Unfortunately, our pita was not cooked well to the point where the inside was entirely wet dough.  This was quickly rectified with a new serving of pita and profuse apologies from our waitress and the manager.   They ended up comping us a drink and two free desserts, which was way more than we expected.  Customer service was definitely a 5 star on this night.
We ordered the Sea Green Salad and the New York Strip off the Survivor Menu, where you cook your own protein (choice of beef, fish or chicken) on a hot stone.  Prices are a bit high and the portion size of my salad was very small.  It was more like a side salad, but for the price of an entree salad.  For our comp desserts, we got the Himalayan Salt Ice Cream.  It was basically chocolate ice cream with some sprinkles and nuts.  It was good, but you can't really screw up chocolate ice cream!
The Virtual Reality Chamber is $2/minute, which can easily add up.  Go to Mad Rex for the experience and not necessarily for a night of fine dining, knowing that you will be spending a bit more than you might expect.Our bartenders Jasmin and Jasmin were so on point tonight. Been here many times and these two gave us the best service yet. A+++++ hope to have them mix our drinks again.Ambiance is great and an experience to have once or twice only. Service of any sort was crazy slow, and we sat at the bar. Had to ask multiple times for a specific chicken wing order, and it still came out wrong. The survivor menu was unique and over priced. The NY strip was tough as nails. The hamburger was decent, however, the bacon was raw. Then we ordered the bananas foster dessert which took 30 minutes to get to the bar, and it was still terrible. All it was, was burnt waffles, vanilla ice cream, soggy bananas and caramel sauce. Also, it was a Saturday night at 6:30 PM. Multiple tables were open, and we were told told that we could only sit at the bar because they weren't accepting walk-ins. However, multiple tables remained opened as we sat at the bar. Overall experience, 6 out of 10. Overall food and service experience, 3 out of 10. The only reason to come back would be to try the sandwiches that are only served before 3pm.I came here pretty close to when they first opened and sat at the bar for snacks and drinks. I'd have expected the bartenders to be a little more friendly given how new they were, but instead they came off as too cool for school. The beer selection was fine, but the food was meh. The fries lacked flavor (i.e. not enough salt), and the flatbread was itty bitty but tasted ok. 
Oh, and the decor is cool but not cool enough to overcome these other faults. It's supposed to be a bar/restaurant first and foremost and doesn't do that great on those fronts. At least not the one time I was there.The only reason this place is getting a 3 instead of 2 stars is because of the decor. I understand this place is new and has to work out its kinks, but the service was terrible. It took us 20 minutes to get drinks while seated at our table, which happened to be in the bar area, and the bartenders were standing around not even busy. We ordered the 14. Oz NY strip to cook on the rock, only when we received our meal they had already cooked our steak to a light medium center. Why would I cook it even more on the hot rock at that point? The only reason we didn't leave return our food and leave was because we had to wait so long to eat. We arrived at 9 and didn't even start our meal
Until 10:30 in a half empty restaurant. This place has potential once they work out the service quality and get their chef in order back in the kitchen.In town for a show at The Filmore this restaurant is not only convenient but the food and staff were excellent. Jas W. And Dave F. took care of us at the bar and made sure everything was perfect. We had the shrimp skewer, charred caesar and the asparagus side(a must try). Next time when we aren't pressed for time we would definitely try the survivors menu, everytime an order would come out it smelled great. Give this restaurant a shot you won't regret it.Spent our New Years there. Food and Drinks were delicious. Cooking block was awesome & the Mad Rex Burger was huge. They still have some kinks to work out in the kitchen but they made up for it with their service. I just don't see it lasting in this hipster neighborhood. They tend to like cheap waterholes that this is not. I would go back just for another Burger and to look at the art work all over again. My kind of theme.My lovely stepdaughter and I happened to go to Mad Rex as we had to wait for a concert at the Fillmore for about an hour.  We must have lucked out because our waiter, John J., was the best!  Knowledgeable, fun, competent, not acting fake (I hate when waiters do that), made great recommendations (I also hate when a waiter says "I don't eat here, can't advise you on the food"), and really accommodated us.  John J. was more competent and knowledgeable and business savvy than the manager... oh hmmmm.  Somehow, our food order was VERY delayed, the kitchen (visible from the restaurant) was not busy, so I was puzzled as to why our salads took so long, however John J. was skillful to offer some comp drinks and slashed our bill to make us happy.  John J. should manage this restaurant (hint).  The cocktails were amazingly good and unique, we loved them.  I definitely recommend this place if you are in the Northern Liberties area, especially waiting for a show at the Fillmore! ;-)This place was great!!!!  Our first time here & we did the "survivor menu" aka cooking raw meat (we chose to do a 10 oz filet) on a black lava rock, which came with an array of yummy marinades and sauces.  Service was lovely and everything came out super fast, definitely coming back :DI don't know where to start. This is definitely not a place that's good for groups. 
In short, a loud chaotic restaraunt with oversized furniture should not have waiters and patrons passing around 700 degree stones. 
One of our party was burned by the stone as she was being served. The waitress only offered her a rag on response. We had to chase down another staff member for a first aid kit.
The food was an overpriced mediocre gimmick.Wow! What an awesome spot! We were so impressed. My fiancée and I went here on a Saturday night and were very satisfied with the food, the presentation and most of all the service. She got the Mad Rex Burger and Mad Rex IPA. I got the NY Strip and the Smoking Gun Shot. The ipa was perfect and the smoking gun shot was so cool and went down easy. The steak was served rare with an extremely hot lava rock and all the fixings so you can cook it up and fix it the way you want it. The burger was well cooked and stylized and apparently very tasty. Our server Ky (Kyshima) was absolutely amazing, helpful and friendly. We will definitely be back!Listen, I'm all about food , the food was good, it didn't blow me away. The atmosphere was cool, I liked the decor. The waitress was clearly new to serving and I felt bad for how terrible the bar staff was. Literally not one person sitting at the bar, and 3 bartenders behind the bar and drinks took average of 10-15 mins. We literally sat there watching them on their phones, hanging out while our waitress waited at end of the bar, for 10 mins.. for a beer and a glass of wine... also would love to see an earlier happy hourThis place is really awesome!! The idea is cool.. great location if you are seeing a show at the nearby venues (ideal restroom if you been standing in line all day) food is great, all around decor & atmosphere and service is ok.The food and experience at Mad Rex is 5/5 but the service knocks it down to an overall 4/5 for me. But definitely still more than worth a trip! I thought overall the service could have been more attentive and a bit quicker (we were done our appetizers for a solid ten minutes before our main courses came out). But I would definitely come back again regardless of that. 
This was my first time eating a place that did the whole lava rock entrees thing and it was a really awesome experience. I know it seems silly to go out and pay for a meal that you are cooking yourself but it was really fun.
We ordered apps for the table to start- the pitas for their flatbreads was very good and I'm not a fan of mushrooms but the risotto was also really great. I would also suggest "The Flamethrower" cocktail. Not only was it tasty, it was also legit on fire as they served it. 
For our entrees, we did the filet and salmon on the lava rock. I've made salmon at home numerous times and it's always good but when I ate the salmon cooked on the lava rock, I was like "oh this is how salmon is supposed to taste." It was really awesome to be able to cook the pieces of the meat at your own pace to your own degree of wellness. 
I am not normally a dessert person but I would definitely recommend getting the ice cream with the frozen Himalayan salt bowl. It was delicious and I immediately wanted to order my own Himalayan salt bowl for at home usage after eating it.We went here for a birthday party which was a large group.  Walking in I thought we were going to have an amazing experience the ambiance was awesome, it seemed appealing.   Well it went down hill from the moment we sat down.  It took almost 30 mins for us to be waited on.  It was already a sign of disaster when you have 1 waiter for a group of 20 plus.  We knew walking In there would be a preset menu and so forth.  We had one of the preset appetizer and VR packages which, was absolutely terrible you got def not enough for that amount of people we had.  Also the VR lounges had mediocre VR my PS4 is like 100 times better.   However, with only 5 minutes allowed to play it was very difficult to even understand if this part of the concept was worth it.  The biggest disappointment Was no explanation of the menu, no explanation on how the food comes out on hot rocks to help.  The server/waiter was rude and pissed off a few people in the party.  He was extremely unprofessional.  The bill was almost 1200 and the service was no where on par for the place to receive a 190.00 already-included tip.  The only good person that we had was the bar tender who made the skull drink.  Which we had to go get ourselves because the waiter couldn't keep up.  We spent over 3 hours at this place and it just put a mood damper on the rest of the evening because everyone was just complaining about the experience.  I wouldn't recommend this place based on that experience.  Another great concept that was wasted due to bad service.Had a dinner here with a party of 10 today. Our server John was amazing!! Super attentive and friendly. The two managers cake over to check on us which was appreciated. Everything we ordered was great. Would recommend the lamb it was delicious! Will definitely be back. Thanks again John!It's a cool place and I'll probably go back, but the service was pretty awful. We went on a Monday night, not crowded at all, and yet it seemed that they ran out of many things and the service was slow....... in the sense that our waitress was not very attentive; when we did get a chance to order the food did come out in a timely manner. The food was okay. Drinks were decent. The atmosphere is pretty awesome, and probably the only reason I'd go back.I went to Mad Rex a second time. The first time I was a little disappointed but they completely knocked it out of the park on my return. 
Their wings were spot on. Crispy with one of the best wing sauces I've tried (hot. They also have garlic parm and BBQ). Crazy how enjoyable this sauce is.
We also both had the steak on a hot salt block. Real interesting concept and very good. Interesting dipping sauces and a pretty enjoyable steak. Adds some fun cooking it yourself as well. Garlic Mashed potatoes were great, my son had the mac and cheese and thought it was good.
We then spent some time on the VR Headsets and played some saber. Real fun game, nice addition to have this option at the restaurant.
The atmosphere is pretty cool as well. Mad Max type weapons and costumes adorn the place.  
Great stop if you're at the Sugar House or Punchline.  Highly recommend.This is my second time coming to this restaurant and just like my first visit, this experience was AMAZING. Not only was the at atmosphere amazing but the food was super well prepared. Our server, Eric, did an amazing job explaining the mission statement of the business, explaining the menu and expressing that we were his guest!  I will keep returning here! Keep up the good work guys!What an awesome experience! I admit, I have a bit of a soft spot for a good theme done well, and Mad Rex does not disappoint. The post-apocalyptic decor, swords, masks, and art make this place feel totally badass. It's the kind of place you explore, just to see all of the cool details. All of this would be all well and good if the food was so-so, but I am happy to report that everything we had was incredible. Get the Survivor's steak on the hot lava rock - so much fun and so delicious. The drinks were decently strong and yummy, and the draft selections were great. And they have a virtual reality lounge, too! We'll be back, definitely.The vibe is this place is insanely awesome! As soon as I walk in I want to scream waaaarrrriiioooorrrrssss! It looks like a place that would definitely exist in a not-too-distant dystopian future. Every single detail so well thought out. From the bar stools to the countertops. No detail was spared. Then you smell the food. Amazing to say the least. The house pickles are to die for if you like pickles. These sliders were cooked to perfection but is you don't like your burger rare you need to tell them. This is probably my new favorite spot. Location is great and I didn't even mention the drinks until now but they are delicious! Service is impeccable and the managers are on point. This is definitely a five star place.This place is so cool! I live in northern liberties within walking distance and my friends were visiting my apartment for the first time so I was stressing over bringing them somewhere fun to show off my area. Coming here was the perfect decision! The aesthetics are absolutely awesome. I loved the post apocalyptic theme. It's what life is supposed to look like after the world ends and you're the survivors so this is the new norm. Hence "the survivor menu" Every inch of this place is so thought out and it doesn't get boring. 
The virtual reality thing was neat. It was 20 bucks or something like that for me and my friend to both do a five minute experience. I think they priced it at 2 dollars for 2 minutes. We didn't do this so idk how much it would have been but while you're sitting there you can get your drink in an iv bag and sip from the tubing. They said you keep the bag after as a souvenir (that would be gross if they reused them which did cross my mind and turned me off to the idea at first so that was comforting) 
I was surprised to see a live Dj even. The music was modern. I remember them playing like Kanye, bieber and new stuff. I liked that it wasn't so loud that you couldn't hear the person next to you but it was loud enough that it was primarily what you heard. You could go closer to the Dj if you wanted to dance and I think it was more loud over there. There's a couple small spaces people were just dancing in. 
We stopped in a bar on our walk there that was absolutely dead and so I was nervous this place would be the same because it was so early. Even as early as 9ish, the place was full of life! If you're worried that it is too "restaurant like" if you're just going out for drinks, don't be. It's totally somewhere you can sit at the bar and drink or walk around. there's a bunch of high top tables people were standing at. Fire pits through out the whole inside. It's huge and every corner is interesting as I said (even the bathrooms) so definitely take advantage of that and Walk around . At the same time it can be a restaurant if that's what you're looking for as well. There's a good amount of tables and certain sections are set up for more of a sit down dinner if that's what you want. We sat at the bar. 
The food was good. My friends lobster fettuccini was amazing. The only thing with the Himalayan salt rock is that you have to eat your meat somewhat quick before it gets cold because the rock doesn't stay warm forever. The lava rock stays warm longer and I reheated my chicken on my friends rock lol the pretzel appetizer is certainly not just pretzels. They are amazing and cooked from scratch ! I can't describe it but definitely not just pretzels and worth trying. The bar tender was great and super helpful with the menu. Food and drinks both came out very quick. 
The only trivial thing was that I asked for mashed potatoes as my side and they gave me fries. I let someone know about it who I think was just a food runner and not our primary bartender (like I said she was very attentive to us) and he shook his head but I don't think He ever told anyone bc I never got the mashed potatoes. I didn't care and it wasn't enough for me to deduct a star because I eventually just ate the fries when I realized they weren't coming haha Definitely will be back!The atmosphere is orgasmic if you're a Mad Max fan. The spirits and food were good. The burger was cooked to perfection. Really enjoyed the new menu.I wanted to take my mom out of chestnut hill for food and explore other food places. We also end up in mt airy, chestnut hill or manayunk. So I decided nope we are changing it up. 
We ended up at Mad Rex and I was a little nervous because I knew generally what this place was about. But not really. 
I have to say it's not really an aesthetic for me. I'm not really in the the Mad Max movies and I'm not a post apocalyptic type of chick. But it was different so whatever, go with the flow. 
We order drinks that were absolutely delicious. Couldn't tell you what it was but it seemed close to a gimlet. It had elderberry something in it. Totally delicious. 
So there are two types of menus. There's the regular stuff then there's the survivor menu. I mocked it. So did my mom. Then she ordered from it . Basically you have to cook your own darn food on a slab of stone that's 500 degrees. She got fish and a side of asparagus. LET ME TELL YOU....that asparagus...bruh. If you are an asparagus lover you will thoroughly enjoy how they have made their asparagus. The fish was pretty delicious as well. 
I got the free range chicken...ok pause for a moment:
All their food is super fresh. Locally sources. Blah blah blah. So when the waiter told me this I was like ok whatever everyone says that. 
Back to my chicken. Mannnnnnn if that cook didn't put their FOOT in that chicken (it's a saying y'all. It means it was really good). I was beyond surprised. So juicy. So fresh tasting. Slightly crispy in spots. Just delicious. It also came with broccoli and two types of potatoes including a purple one. DELICIOUS. y'all we didn't expect the food to be this good! IT WAS SO GOOD. 
So here is the thing. This place is so busy. And because there's so much happening between the aesthetic and it was a Saturday so they had a live DJ rocking out and they have a Virtual Reality experience as well. So like with all this it's like it's about the experience not the food. Nah. THIS FOOD IS FOR REAL. THE REST OF IT JUST MAKES IT BETTER. My mom and I were talking about this food hours later. The next day even. I mean....go there. 
And then to cap off the night there was some rando Violinist on top of a military type vehicle improvising  to the music the DJ was playing. He was sick. It was in a long green trench coat just jamming. What an amazing end to that experience. 
I will be back here. That chicken, which isn't something I normally order out, was so delicious. The food isn't to be slept on.My friend and I were in the area after doing a walk and decided to stop in and try this place. The decor was cool and the bar definitely went with the theme. The wait staff was slightly odd, and a little bit too close. We both got the steak that you cook for the experience, and I think it was a little pricey. My friends son really enjoyed the whole experience of being able to cook his own steak, however. Was nice to try once, can't say I would be back.I read some of these peoples reviews.  I cant understand it.  As a person in the foodservice industry, I absolutely loved the food, the atmosphere and the server.  Not to mention the overall RAW experience was cool!
I guess its true.... Thats why Baskin & Robbins makes 31 flavors.My favorite place in philly!! Such a cool theme. Great service, amazing food and fantastic drinks! Can't wait to come back!Walked out after waiting too long to never see a server. The place was half empty tonight when I walked in what the hell. The service at the Goose Island Brewhouse next door however was impeccable.This my second visit to Mad Rex. The first was on 12/14/17 and we had a wonderful time! The next time was on 01/10 for my BFF's birthday and we were not disappointed. Plus, the owner, Michael Johnigean, was there and remembered us :). If you're attending an event at the Fillimore, Mad Rex is just steps away from it and across from the Sugarhouse Casino.
We had salmon cooked on the lava rock, asparagus, broccoli,  flatbread (I forget which but it was GOOD!!!) and ice cream w/the himalaya salt bowl (only swirl twice! If you get three swirls in...too salty).
On 01/10, when we asked for a warmer place to sit (we like the booths), Mike set the heat lamp next to our table. Perfect!
We haven't had a chance to try the Virtual Room yet, but plan on it for our next visit.
Mike:  we'll be back real soon!
Mattie (December BDay) & Tremayne (January BDay)David & Kathy are the best bartenders!!!! We had such a great experience and can't wait to come back. Food and drinks are exuberant for a date nightThis place is awesome! The New York Strip was cooked to perfection, the octopus salad was great, and the grilled Caesar was perfect. Make sure to order the himalayan rock salt ice cream for dessert. More than enough for sharing, and the sweet-salt combo is incredible. Servers are friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back!We were looking for an interesting restaurant to try when we were in Philly for the weekend. A post-apocalyptic themed restaurant was a first for me. The food portions were large, my husband and I split the chicken which was flavorful along with the sauces that were on the side. The service was a bit slow, but it was also a crowded Saturday night, so I'm sure that is to be expected. If you're looking to try something different i'd recommend it for the novelty alone.Place was cool. Service sucked. And waited 20 mins at least for each round of drinks. Manager was nice. Got us a free round and offered to dry clean my shirt cause the wall I was sitting next to stained my shirt. As u see in the picture those are my three drink glasses. Same drink. 3 dif glasses get all still on the table. Weren't taken away. Place is ehh. But cool concept.  Vr was coolThis place is my biggest disappointment. I was so excited to go because it looked and sounded awesome. The decor is so awesome it's like nothing I've ever seen, unfortunately, that's not what makes a restaurant good. I can hardly comment on the food because I wasn't around long enough to try much of it. The service was absolutely awful, like nothing I've ever experienced. We walked in (had a reservation by the way) only to stand there like idiots while 3 hostesses did NOT help. One was talking to a fellow patron, fine, the other 2 just stared at us blankly. Finally we were seated. We sat there for about 10 minutes without a single person even acknowledging us. We ordered two drinks (off of menus we had to ask for because we were never given) we waited about another 10 minutes until I saw the waitress and asked her where they were. She mentioned some weird explanation about how they had to "ring them up in the back because they're not in the system" weird because they were cocktails on the restaurant menu. We Continued waiting. We did order an appetizer which we received fairly quickly, it was the pretzel bites with cheese and they were very good. Unfortunately not good enough to make this review higher. After waiting an annoyingly long time for our drinks and still not receiving them, I told the waitress that we just wanted to cancel the drinks and get the check for the appetizer. About another 5-10 minutes went by with no check at which point my husband and I left cash for the app on the table and some extra for an undeserved tip and left. I was so sad because this place is AMAZING on the inside and has so much potential it's so cool. I read about the bad service before I went, thinking "how bad can it be, I'll deal with it for a place this cool" but it was so unbearably bad I couldn't enjoy a single part of the restaurant. I hope they realize that this is a big downfall and make some staff changes because I really think they could have something good here.My son and I went here before a show,grab a drink and a couple of small plates and head out. Waiter seamed confused finding what we were ordering on his tablet. My son said" Maybe you can just write it down". We ordered a gin concoction that tasted like Hawaiian Punch. Pretzel bites looked like giant Corn Pops ,no taste ,with cheez whiz and a not so unique house hot sauce.(pretzel =mustard)Sliders seemed baked not seared. No flavor from meat. Beet Salad was "eh". Got mistakenly charged for two extra drinks which the waiter apologized for and corrected. Maybe when they work out the kinks we'll try it againWe were visiting Philly for my husband's birthday and I wanted to check out somewhere different and I came across this place online and I'm so happy we did ! The whole atmosphere was amazing and post apocalyptic. The food was amazing, I had the brie, pear and onion flatbread and hubby had the mad rex burger and we both had the poison apple cocktail which tasted like apple cider ! Our server Madison was great, very friendly, very knowledgeable about the menu which was great since it was the first time we came here. We also tried the virtual reality room which was so realistic it was scary ! Haha. I definitely recommend coming here on a fun date night or with a group of friends you won't be disappointed !Went to Mad Rex after work, very unique and cool ambiance. Our server David F, was awesome! Great drinks!!I'm surprised how much I actually liked this place. I was really suspicious thinking it would be too gimmicky with bad food. The drinks were fun and good, as was most of the food! The kabobs for apps were a miss, but everything else we got was good: hummus, wings, quinoa salad. I got fish off the "survivor" menu for my meal, which comes out on a lava stone and you "cook" it yourself (spoiler alert- it was pretty much cooked already). The fish was perfect and the broccoli I got as a side was actually amazing. The only complaint I would have is that cooking it on the stone caused a lot of smoke, which was kind of irritating. But I would definitely go back. 
For the VR- I only did the two minute trial but it was really cool. My first experience with VR, so I have nothing to compare it to, but it seemed super realistic to me.Neat little post apocalyptic themed restaurant in fishtown by the fillmore. The veggie tempura app was large and light. I ordered the survivor menu black lava rock (tuna) cook it yourself. It came with fixings to make it delicious and a side. The lava rock really rocked.Decided to check this place out despite all the bad reviews on Yelp. Should've went with our first instinct and went somewhere else because ultimately that's what happened anyways. 
We had called previously to see if we needed to make a reservation. The female on the phone was super nice, advised us the reservation was not necessary and we could be seated immediately as they were not yet busy. Shortly after we leave in an Uber and head over. (7 minute drive) upon walking in the hostess asked if we had a reservation, I let her know I had called previously and was told I did not need one. She then informed me that the staff had a miscommunication and they were reservation only and were also full so we couldn't make one. (We could visibly see empty tables and open seats at the bar) So less than an hour ago you could seat me immediately and now you are full for the night? That makes zero sense to me. She didn't apologize but said she could put me in the books for the next day. Pretty sure I'll pass on that one.Truly, it's as GOOD as it gets for a unique, supremely engaging and satisfying experience! EXCELLENT table service from Amanda & Erica, our waitresses. 
Extraordinary personal attention from the managers, mixologist and other staff, too. From the organic, locally sourced vegetable, fresh wild caught seafood & natural raised meat, final cooked on hot lava rocks table side!
I love it and you will too!Ambience is awesome and food is just as great.           Our server Tamika was fantasticIt's the worst meal I've had in Fishtown. Fishtown is known for good food and this place was terrible. The pretzel bits are literally from Giants freezer. Super Pretzels served with hot cheese sauce for $7. The pizza is what put me over the edge. The bread was soggy, the cheese was cold and I wondered if they got if from one of those pizza kits that kids sell as a fundraiser. I read the bad reviews and went anyway. Go somewhere else and wait until this restaurant steps it up.Kathy is a freaking great bartender, and explains the whole menus and atmosphere concept. This is a fun place to come and enjoy yourself.Not worth of 5 stars by any means. Really cool decor. Food was OK. Service was pretty terrible. It was opening weekend and they only had one beer on tap. Ordered a specialty drink twice and it was very different due to different bartenders. Cooking your own food on the hot rock was really cool...but it's only a matter of time before people start getting really hurt...grease was flying everywhere, I was told to squeeze lemon on the rock; well  I did and it was so hot it splashed up and burnt my hand. Cool to go once but I can't say I'll be going back.Where to begin.??  The owner and manager are awesome and did everything right.  I urge them to impart that passion and invest in the quality of staff at every other level.  The waitress barely could get through taking the order.  Sweet.  She was very sweet, but saying "we have no fruit iced tea" "we only have raspberry iced tea" is just too much to say more.  So it didn't surprise me that she had no idea that the food she brought out twice was not what I ordered, not close.  Partly just gross.  However, without hesitation management took care of the check and my pal's meal was fine.  I was just the unlucky one.  To me, it is gorgeous, geared toward people interested in post apopolyptic decor.  Adolescents.  Again, if the principals invested half as much passion into training its staff, it would be awesome.  And no doubt will be. You could tell the ingredients are quality (except the tomatoes)
I'd go back for sure after they iron out the kinks.  Good luckMy wife and I decided to check out Mad Rex before a show at the Fillmore last week and it was decent in some ways and lackluster in others. Our waiter approached our table and asked if it was our first time dining with them, which we told him it was. He seemed excited that we were first timers and he explained to us that all of the decorations were art and authentic etc. He then pointed to the survivors menu and explained that anything were ordered from it would come on a hot salt rock that we would use to cook our own meat. We ordered two drinks which were good from the happy hour menu. My wife and I were both enticed by the survivors
Menu and ordered a Mac n cheese as an appetizer and a survivor menu burger each. The mac and cheese arrived at the exact same time as our burgers, which also came with a side of Mac n cheese making the whole appetizer kind of pointless. Regardless, we ate it and felt it was overly covered in cheez whiz and not enough of the other cheese that were supposed to be on it. We moved onto the burgers that were sizzling on the salt rock with all the topics surrounding it, except the cheese and onions which were already on the burger. No plates to put the burger on once it was done which made eating slightly annoying. The cheese being already on the burger made flipping them impossible, unless we wanted to have all of our cheese stuck to the salt rock. We let our burgers sizzle for a few mins until the bottoms were burnt and took them off hoping they would be medium in the center. They were not. They were in fact burnt on the bottom and raw on the top where the cheese was. I bit into my burger only to find a cold bloody center. I put the burger back onto the salt rock hoping it would cook more but by then the salt rock was not hot enough. We picked the burger apart and ate the parts that were actually cooked. Nobody came to check on us while we were eating but once we had finished and our plates had been cleared, a really nice manager approached said she noticed we ate off the survivor menu and asked how it was. At this point my wife and I were just over the entire experience and didn't bother making a big stink. We ate enough to be full but it was just a very lackluster meal. The last round of drinks that we ordered was taking a very long time so they came out and were in a much bigger glass to make up for the weight which was nice but we still didn't receive them until we were already paying the check. Won't be going back unfortunately due to these issues.My husband and I ate here on Valentine's Day, and like another review stated, we were given two time slot options- 7pm or 8pm. We chose 8pm but decided to head over early since we knew parking was dreadful in this area. We got to Mad Max at 7pm and the place was pretty empty so they seated us right away. Super neat atmosphere/theme and very nice employees, however the food was terrible. We were told it's a "scratch kitchen" but our meals tasted far from it. I ordered the lobster ravioli with pumpkin marinara. It was cheese ravioli with lobster meat thrown in (not what I would consider lobster ravioli..). I couldn't taste anything "pumpkin" about the meal either. The raviolis were all the exact same shape and size, looking exactly like any pre-packaged frozen ravs I'd buy from the supermarket. My husband ordered the burger and substituted fries for a side salad. The burger was served with cold fries. The server fixed the error and he got his salad. My husband, who never complains about his meal, told me his burger tasted like a Bubba Burger (one of those frozen patties you use at tailgates.) Even looking at it, you could tell it was not handmade. It was a perfect circle, had a Burger King Whopper smokey faux "grill" taste, the sides were slightly harder with an outer, floured edge, and it was thin. Handmade burgers are expected to be big, juicy, meaty, and flavorful. The drinks were good. It was Valentine's Day so the music was R&B Slow Jams, which I typically enjoy, but it conflicted with the rugged, post-apocolypic atmosphere.Mad Rex was everything we wanted it to be and more. Cool theme but also great food and drinks. Our waitress Teresa also rocked. We will be back.This was my first time at Mad Rex's. I love post-apocalyptic movies so the decor was very unique and fun. I had the Hunter cocktail which had passionfruit purée and jalapeño syrup. It was delicious and left a little bit of heat at the back of the throat. The Mad Rex burger was huge and delicious with purple cabbage and caramelized onions and awesome pickles. Two members of our party got signature dishes where they cooked sirloin on a hot rock and they loved their steak along with incredibly thick and creamy mashed potatoes. One member of our party was unable to eat gluten, but his dish was prepared properly and he was able to enjoy his meal with everyone else.
What really distinguished the place was that one of our party fell quite ill while there and the staff acted quickly to help and the GM personally showed the utmost attention and compassion. So Mad Rex's hires wonderful human beings.
We didn't get to try out their cool VR room but certainly will the next time we are there.we went there with a group of 12 for the super bowl and it was great! they brought in extra TV's to show the game, gave free fries and shots at touchdowns and made it a fun environment to celebrate an eagles super bowl win! I would definitely recommend coming here for a big party.  Food was good - typical bar food of burgers and wings. our waiter David was great even in all the chaos of the game!Worst restaurant experience ever. Less that 1 star. I'm actually sitting in the restaurant right now waiting for our entrees to be served. 
Reservation called for 8 and the hostess seated a different party mistaking it for ours and blamed it on the patrons. Service is atrocious. So incredibly bad I can't even explain. Seated 45 min late after they moved the other party from our table. It's 10pm and we still haven't received our entrees. They haven't given the whole table utensils 2 hours after our reservation. Amateur hour.My first time to this restaurant it was great..... the drink i had was fabulous even with excluding one ingredient.  We got the pretzel bites, they were ok but the hot sauce that came with it was to die for!!!!!  I kept raving so much about the hot sauce that without even asking our water David F gave some to take home... his service was excellent!  He was attentive but not overbearing.   Extremely nice.... we got the survivors menu with the lava rock..we got strip steak and salmon.  I love this cause you can season and cook to your liking... i can't wait to bring my kids back..   and when i do come back I'm going to ask for David F!!!My server / bartender / most amazing apothecary that has come to light at Mad Rex has blessed mine and my daughters soul. I never post to yelp but his drinks taste phenomenonal. He tends to your individual taste and creates magic for your taste buds. It's absolutely incredible. 
This is my first time here and David and his drinks have been the highlight of my experience here thus far. #blessed
Noteable following: The calamari is great. You can't go wrong. This is also one of the better "not your grandmas" Mac and cheese. 
Definitely coming back here.Great restaurant......didn't really know what we were walking into but it was great, drinks were great, food was amazing and the hot stone for cooking your own filet was sooooo much fun, we would def come back!To the casual passerby you might assume that this place is simply a trendy bar. Being a man in my 40's, I'm well past the time in my life when I made an effort to be "cool". For those of you like me, don't let the military style rusted out van in the front intimidate you. If you venture inside you will be rewarded with a unique experience - a feast for the senses between the original decor and the well thought out food combinations. They also have an VR lounge in the back which is something that I haven't seen before. The manager, Antonio D.R, was free to talk with us about the ambitious ideas behind all aspects of this venture. He was even nice enough to give us a few sample tastes which convinced us to stay for more. We ordered the vegetable tempura, the Mad Rex burger and the octopus salad. All were delicious but the octopus salad was amazing. I would try the Himalayan Salt Rocks Ice Cream where you swirl your ice cream in a salt bowl that lends that extra depth to the dessert. The service was friendly, fast and informative which is a must if I am to make a recommendation. Overall, a double threat as a cool place to meet for drinks or to sit down for a dynamite meal.Pretty cool place, this is the third time I been here, first time sitting down and eating. Food was very good, I really like the hot rock where I could fry my steak how I liked it, cool experience. The drinks are reasonably priced for the area, and the food wasnt as bad either. I still didn't check out the virtual reality thing yet, bit Ill get around to that, I live 5 mins away, so no big deal. It would be 5 stars, but the service is a little slow, and the reason it is slow isnt because of the bartenders or waitresses, its because whatever credit card machine they use is apparently a piece of junk and slows everyone down. I heard employees complaining that "ugh its not working right again," so I would get that checked out or get a better system, I would hate to see a business suffer from slow service due to a crappy machine. Other than that, awesome place and worth checkin out!This is an amazing venue that's just fantabulous for events. We just had our #ybconnected networking party there and we were in awe! Such attention to details in decor - mind blowing!! VR Lounge and IV bag cocktails ??? Yes, please !! Definitely had a great time, we will personally go back just to hang out. We had light apps - great tasting food. All the staff members are very pleasant. Very good experience overall.Pro's:  Large portions, fresh and well prepared food.  The hunters table appetizer was an interesting collection of seasoned meats using unusual cuts to deliver a lot of food at a quite reasonable price for 4 people to snack on.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  Manager over compensated for the food coming out slow with a round of drinks and a free Appetizer.  Decor and theme is interesting and the restaurant was large and airy.
Cons:  Server seemed new and something went wrong with my wife's drink but they gladly changed it up.  Food came out slow despite the restaurant not being nearly at capacity which means either Kitchen was under staffed or slow.  My wife ordered an app for her meal that did not come out.  Given that the manager had already over compensated for other issues we didn't bother him.The ambiance was extremely cool. There are weapons and they will let you hold them and take pictures while being supervised. Our waitress Caitlyn . Was very sweet, she told us about the restaurant and all the xtras( like the virtual reality machine) at $2 a minute ( no thanks) the price of the food should give you 5 minutes. We started with buffalo wings. They where huge and super tasty. Then we both had the survival menu burger at $22 a piece. It's served on a salt rock and when we ordered Caitlyn did say the longer you leave it on the more taste it gets. I kept flipping mine but sadly left it on to long and ended up with a well done burger. It was still ok and the topping where abundant and wouldn't fit. So was it a $22 burger.  No. No it wasn't. I might get go back for some wings but the whole place was overpriced and over rated. We got some cool pics. And the manager let us see the "weapons ". But not worth it.My friends and I decided on this spot after coming across their menu online. It was relatively crowded for a rainy Saturday, however there were plenty of available seats at the bar. The drinks were pretty good, the mac and cheese was amazing. Our server was very off putting. After we finished eating we decided to check out the VR lounge. It did not disappoint! The two guys who were working the room were super personable and really made the experience that much better!I came to the restaurant as requested by the Birthday Girl for dinner on May 11 (same group as previous comment from Allie). We were indeed the only large group in the restaurant. A handful of booths had patrons along the side, and maybe 10 people in the bar area. Seated right away and we had a fairly cheeky, entertaining server who was training someone new. 
After waiting for the iPad beer list to be passed around the table since there was no active beer menu, we ordered some drinks. I had something with a lime that was lit on fire. I was entertained and the drink was delicious. 
The rest of the meal proved to be lackluster at best. I didn't so much mind cooking my own food, that's the whole "shtick" of the place. Salmon was a good cut and the broccoli seemed fresh. 
Half of the table got the burger which was supposed to be cooked and the salt block just to "season." The color was pink enough to be straight out of a grinder. Everyone ended up having to cut their burger in half to try and cook the inside because it was so dense that just "searing" the top and bottom wasn't going to cut it. Unfortunately that didn't help enough as one burger patron had to race to the restroom even before leaving the restaurant and all others had a fairly "unpleasant" morning after. Actually, everyone except one person who had the tuna spent some time on the porcelain throne the next day. 
Besides a lot of stomach pain, I'm most frustrated in the mac and cheese experience. They "ran out" on a Wednesday when we were 1/3 of the restaurant population. Then when we received a giant bowl of noodles and runny cheese, one of our friends found a long strand of plastic We let the waiter know in a pretty calm manner and he was embarrassed and went and told the kitchen. We found out that it was from the gouda packaging and the entire batch had to be tossed. For that oh so lovely experience, our friend who reported received 5 free minutes of VR. Whoopty-doo :-/
I will say the birthday experience was good. The guest of honor received a free dessert, complete with sparklers. She had a bowl of ice cream, (her own) salt bowl, and 6 different toppings. In fact, everyone else who ordered the ice cream dessert was jealous that she had 6 toppings and they each only had 3. 
I also was amazed with how long everything took. For such a quiet night, the fact that dinner took almost 3 hours seems excessive. The waiter had to do a lot on his own, including make all of the desserts. He was funny but by the end of the night, not even his jokes could make up for all of the waiting. Wednesday night must be the B-Team in the kitchen. 
Overall, a pretty underwhelming experience that plays up a shtick but does not deliver in the food department. Seeing as it is a restaurant, good food is key. For about $60 a head (after tip), not worth the trip.Great food,  great ambiance, Thanks Tameka for making our dinner fabulous!! We are local people and will be coming around for sure! The decor is expertly done and next time we will visit the virtual reality room.The novelty of the post apocalyptic theme wears off fast from the overpriced menu items and subpar food. It also does not help that there are no seperate menus for lunch and dinner. A quarter of the menu is dedicated to sandwiches you can't order past 3 PM. How does a restaurant show you an item you can't have past a specific time in the day? That is unprofessional.The reservation system on the website was broken and they did not see my reservation I had made a week ago (panic sets in) they ended up sticking us at a table right next to the VR lounge which was annoying due to the amount of people hanging around our table. I was happy however they were able to sit me and my BF right away. The energy is amazing in here! My waitress was so awesome I can't remember her name but I would go back just to see her again! We had the Cesar salad to share which was seriously so good. I had the 14oz NY strip and the grilled asparagus. There is a lack of room on your board so there is some raw meat that ends up touching cooked meat. I didn't care but I know some people would have an issue with that. My strip was delicious and I like that I could cook it however I wanted. The sauces were also so good! My bf got the filet and roasted potatoes. His filet was also to die for however the potatoes were gross. Next time he's getting the asparagus :) They brought our entrees out 2 minutes after bringing the salad which was a bummer we wanted to enjoy our salad but we had to start cooking the steak! The air conditioning was broken in the place so it was hot as hell. It worked with the theme as I'm sure the post apocalyptic world does not have AC. The server apologized for this inconvenience. (She was seriously so nice) we ended up going to the bar after we went to our comedy show. The bar staff was really slow to take our order and was not consistent in making the same drink I had earlier at dinner (the second sight is delicious made the right way) the bartender just appeared like maybe she was new to this. The other bartenders ended up getting us our drinks. I can't wait to go back when all the kinks have been worked out! Also parking is a bitch (duh it's philly) so uber there!Mad Rex hosted the Beasley Holiday party and it was amazing!  The staff crushed it!  Food was amazing, VR room was killer and the food was outstanding!  Great job and thank you!!!The food is great here.  I suggest you try them out.  The service is great and the accommodated our party of 18 without a reservation even though we should had.....  This is one of my favorite hang outs, I will be back again.WILL NEVER GO HERE! Had reservations (made a week ago)  on the earlier side as we were seeing a show next door that started at 8. Arrived 5 minutes before the reservation time. Was told that we would probably have a wait time of 20 minutes or so. We repeated that we had a reservation. Hostess said "right... but we just had a bunch of walk ins... and people can be at their table upwards of 2/3 hours" 
What is the point of a reservation at this place then? And if you are between several venues wouldn't you make reservation promptness and frankly turnover a top priority? Simply awful customer service and restaurant policies. I'll wait for the actual apocalypse until I make an attempt to return here. 
PS Goose Island next door was extremely accommodating. The food was refined and delicious with an awesome (obviously) drink selection.The venue itself is very different/cool. However, my friend and I ordered Mac and cheese and a salad, which took 40 min to arrive (there weren't many customers ordering from the kitchen, which doesn't excuse the wait time). The food was definitely overpriced for the quantity/taste factor.I was really hoping to love this place and the only thing I loved was the bar and decor.   It's super cool and nothing like this in Philly. 
Then we sat down and ordered.   The size of my vodka and water was definitely the smallest alcoholic drink I've ever been handed.  The glass wasn't even maybe 4 inches high. It truly looked like a shot glass.  The food was fine.  Mediocre.   We ordered a few apps and they were nothing special.  I probably would not come back to this place as there are far more way better places in the area.Went to dinner for a friends birthday. Had a short wait then seated at a great table with views of the whole kitchen! Really fun atmosphere. After a drink and ordering our meals, we stopped in the virtual reality lounge and it was INSANE. Our steaks and salmon were delicious. John's service was amazing. Stop in ASAP!My fiancee and I came here for Valentine's day dinner. When making the reservations i was told the only times they had open for seating were 5:45pm or 9:55pm. So we left work a tad early and got to the restaurant on time expecting a packed house. The restaurant was all but EMPTY. It got a little more busy but still had plenty of seating. On top of that bizarre occurance, we were sat at a communal table instead of one of the nice booths that remained empty for our entire time there.
She had a burger which was very good and i went for the "Survivor menu" this is where you cook your own steak on a hot rock. It took forever to eat. And i barely even touched my side because it was cold by the time i got to it. 3 stars dont bother with the survivor menu its a cool gimmick if you dont mind a long meal.
Very nice service and a cool atmosphere. Pricing is a little steep.
Try the spinach artichoke dip.I'm honestly really surprised at all the positive reviews on here. I had such high expectations for this place and was really let down. I hear "post apocalyptic" I think of Mad Max and intense instrumental music with very dark but movie-like décor. When I walked in Mad Rex I heard Justin Bieber blasting (nothing wrong with the Biebs), seeing people around the bar dancing and drinking vodka sodas and semi-modern semi-post apocalyptic props around the bar.
I think they could have done a better job decorating this place and putting everyone in the "post apocalyptic vibe". Maybe even Mad Max sound track playing in the back with Mad Max playing?
I ordered the survivors menu steak, which is cooked on a hot rock and I really wasn't impressed. 30% of my steak was all fat so I disregarded about 5 pieces and the hot rock was so HOT when I put some butter on there it spit all over my face and my clothes. I've done Korean BBQ hundreds of times where I cook my own meat so I don't mind but this wasn't a very user friendly experience.
The steak wasn't very well seasoned and my fries were soggy and not fresh.
I got a bourbon and aperol drink but it was too strong, not enough aperol.
As for the VR experienced, WAY over priced for how corny it was.
I probably will never come back here, there's better bars with better food for way better prices and value and the only thing they won't have are the fake weapons on the wall. I'll take my chancesLocation is super easy to get to, theme restaurant is pretty cool, food was good but really could be better for the price.  Service was really really slow, that would be my only real complaint.  Cool experience, I would do it again.This place is amazing. I went here Halloween night and was thoroughly amazed. The theme of destruction is super awesome and well established in the restaurant! The decoration is incredible, and there's so much to look at! It's overwhelming! Also the food was really good! Highly recommended!I was really looking forward to this place opening since I live right around the corner, for starters the decor is really cool. However, unsure how the zombie apocalypse and VR theme are combined. The food was mediocre, extremely over priced. The one meal we had the meat was practically raw, another meal we had we had to cook it ourself. I find it ridiculous to spend 20$ to cook your own dinner. I could do it at my house for free! And the stone, idk how long that will last because it's a hazard waiting to happen. The VR is really cool, but they don't disclose that you have to pay for it after your 2 min free preview. I don't expect anything to be free, but 2 dollars for 1 min seems to be a little insane. They recommend 5-10 min. per game, that's up to 20 dollars just for the VR. As a local really disappointed I was expecting something so much different. Also, they stop serving all sandwhiches at 3! So disappointed! Really hoping in a few months it will pick up its game so I can go back and enjoy a good meal.Absolutely loved this place. The staff is super friendly, you can tell they attempt to make it more personal and take their time explaining things, which I appreciate. They want it to be more of an experience and for you to spend a decent amount of time in the restaurant. My boyfriend and I got the chicken kabobs and the NY strip from the survivor menu, as well as two of the cocktails. I really liked the concept of the survivor menu and cooking your own food, it made it fun and then you know your food is cooked how you prefer! They put a lot of attention to detail in everything, for example my drink was in a tin can and his had a bullet through the glass. The food was delicious and filling, we didn't get to try dessert. We also didn't try out the VR room, but we sat near it and it looked super cool! I would love to come back and try more of the menu and the VR stuff!The hostess and our server were both wonderful, we were greeted nicely and seat quickly. I was excited to come here, saw all the cool photos on yelp and plenty of good reviews and a few bad ones. 
After ordering our food, we only waited about 10-15 mins for our apps, load fries and lamb koftas whatever it was called. Honestly they were both god awful. Who messes up fries?!? They were unseasoned the cheese tasted as if it were powder cheese mixed with water and the lamb was bland.  Our entires took over an hour to come out. Our server came over a couple of times to apologize and told us the kitchen is backed up. It wasn't really all that busy that night.. my girlfriend ordered the salmon that you cook yourself on a black rock, it was ok, it wasn't really seasoned you just dip it in 3 different sauces hey provided. I ordered the grilled NY strip, and it had this disgusting thick, mucus-like sauce on it. Not only was the sauce gross looking, it tasted as bad as it looked. The vegetables that came with it were cool to warm, for a dish that took over an hour to come out, I would hope to be hot. Our server did apologize for that and suggested me to get something else, but after waiting for so long, I just wanted to just deal with it and leave. I strapped the sauce off the cold steak and had a couple bites. I couldn't finish it, just didn't have the Appetite to finish the meal. I asked for the check, paid and left. It wasn't really a great experience. Maybe if we came for drinks and hung out at the bar, that may have been a better idea vs dining here. I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends but hey, maybe it was a bad night. Nonetheless we will not be back.I really liked this place. The food was good. We sat at the bar. The place has a unique decoration, the service was good and prices are fair. I highly recommend it!I'll cut to the chase: environment / atmosphere is awesome, but the food needs some help.
We were welcomed by a super nice guy who gave us a tour of the place, all the movie props, the little nerd references in the menu, and the VR experience. He let us take photos with Negan's bat, Lucille! It was great. After he told us that they're opening up another location in NYC, I literally said, "Wow, then we'll definitely have to see that one!"
My girlfriend wisely countered with, "We don't even know if they have good food."
...which is a good PSA for erryone:
 GOOD FOOD IS NOT A GIVEN
We sat down and were instantly impressed by our waiter. He was such a nice guy. Throughout the night, great service all around. But this is the skinny: all the niceties and atmosphere and SURFACE-LEVEL things are fantastic.
Dig a bit deeper, order some food, and it's just *empty.*
BBQ Wings? Much too sweet. Also... cold? Weird.
Lobster fettuccine? Way, way, way too sweet.
Mashed Potatoes? Actually, not bad. Actually tasty.
Two main complaints:
1) Super expensive for what was served. $$$ for 0.5$ food.
2) Everything seemed store bought, microwaved, uninspired or a mix of all three.
Come for the atmosphere, marvel at it (seriously), then walk out before ordering anything.
Lots of potential, just needs some work.I search the web for the best restaurant in philly and this place came up. I like the decor and thought it would be a cool place to take my friend for her birthday. I booked online and wrote a special request to have a candle in my dessert. So when I got there I reminded the hostess to make sure to have a candle on my dessert and she said she will make sure she tells the waiter. 
During my dinner(food was not great) the waiter came over every 10 minutes to ask if we were ok and reminded us that he's not really a waiter he's a bartender. I couldn't even have a conversation without being interrupted. I started to have a deeper conversation (tears) and again the waiter kept interrupting. At one point he stood there even when he saw us having a deep conversation but just stood there. When my dessert came out there were no candle and when I mention it he took his lighter out and told her to blow it. To top it off my boyfriend who dropped me off gave them $50 towards my bill and it was never deducted. We called them and the guy who took the $50 said he forgot. He had us drive all the way there and we are 40 minutes away. This is such bad service and such a disappointment. I will not be returning. Need better management and training.One of the themes of Mad Rex is "be a survivor" but I somehow don't think they will be. They've got a lot going for them, particularly their location right next to the Fillmore, but unless they up their hospitality game they won't make it. As one example, when I walked in the bartender berated me for going to the wrong side of the bar. Sorry! It's not my fault that whomever designed the bar failed to realize that the bartender can't serve the outside area through the massive tap set-up that they've got. OK, no problem, but when I asked about which beers they had on tap he couldn't tell me. He checked with someone else and told me that they didn't know what one of them was, but that the other I'd asked about was "ultraviolet" - I ordered that, but upon checking later on I found out that the brewery has never brewed a beer called "ultraviolet". Whether it's lies or incompetence, it doesn't really matter. I sat in my over-sized, cushiony bar chair and enjoyed my beer but I felt like a midget as the bar is too high. So much for attention to detail in the design - oh sure, it's got a lot of style and it's interesting to look at but the important things have been missed. As for the food it was very good, but again, the service lacked. It's made out to be great with lots of smiling faces and attention, but that's really just a lot of posturing, and when it comes down to it there's nothing below the surface. So, if you're into post-apocalyptic clothing and weapons on display this is the place for you. It's loud, and cramped in some spots, but the food is good.NOTE: Only tried the drinks
Drinks were meh - mostly ice and juice than alcohol, which is pretty disappointing at these $$$ prices.
Decor is definitely unique but feels too ... perfected??? for a post- apocalyptic vibe....
Haven't had a chance to try the Virtual Room yet.I've been here twice and the food is the definite highlight of the experience. The first time we had the filet and the cobia from the "survivor" menu. Cooking your food is novel. But when the novelty wears off you are still spend $30 to cook your own food.  The rock cools pretty quickly so prepare to cook your food all at once the veggie sides were good and the sauces and rubs tasty. We also had the pear brie and onion flat bread, the beef kabobs and the quinoa salad which were pretty unremarkable and  overpriced for what you got for desert we had the Himalayan salt bowl Ice cream which got saltier and saltier as it melted until it was inedible. The second time I went I had the house burger which was excellent and worth $14. Both times the service was very hit or miss. I felt like the servers and runners were pretty new to the industry. The decor is kind of cheesey and has a very "Las Vegas" feel of inauthenticity. The table space is awful and crowded there is no room between tables for the servers to get to or for guests seated inside to get out without ever one else having to get up and there is no leg room because the tables are sat on 55 gallon drums. Removing one of the tables and using something roomier underneath would make the whole experience a lot better.
I didn't do the VR and had no interest in trying it. Both visits the music was loud and took away from the atmosphere. I think with the right management and attention to details this place would have a lot of potential.In town on a whim 
Great meal, food was fantastic 
David was a great waiter 
Definitely a destination spot 
Highly recommendGreat expectations, lots of hype, great photos on the web. We arrived on time using our open table reservation, but the check-in was not done correctly and I received a missed reservation notice. We were brought to our table via a very slippery floor (Ceramic tile and greasy mop, warning signs posted). The air conditioning was off or broken, and it was easy over 80 degrees in the restaurant and humid. Our server was pleasant and friendly, and educated us on drinks and food. We ordered a flaming rum drink (pretty but weak) and I was served a tepid room temperature draft beer. Appetizer of flatbread was good. When the meals arrived (survivor plate on a hot stone), the 3 entrees came out at different times, and we had to wait for our waitress to come out and educate us on how to cook the meat. The food was good, and this was a fun experience. Asking for another round of drinks proved difficult, as our waitress was spread thin. When finished, the empty plates sat on our table, making elbow room difficult. Because of the heat, and the antics at the bar (a group of friends were having a loud, animated argument), we passed on dessert and tried the VR room, which was fun, but hot. A lot of good elements, but so many glitches and blips I would not recommend at this time. They are trying to be too many things, and need better coordination between staff. Our waitress was the best thing, along with the dinner.This place was AMAZING!! Besides the awesome food and ambiance, the service was next to none! Our waitress and the manager were both so friendly and accommodating. 
Highly recommend doing the Survivor Kitchen menu!!i wish I could give this restaurant less than 1 star. this was the worst restaurant i've ever been to in my life. mad rex is a wack ass themed restaurant based off of a movie with no premise from two years ago. the decorations were confusing and didn't even follow the theme. the drinks were expensive and comically small. two of my friends ordered a drink that was essentially a dixie cup filled with brown liquid and lame ass flowers. the service was abysmal. we waited at least 30 minutes to even have anyone come over and bring us water. it was another 30 minutes until we even got our drinks. one of my friends ordered a filet and they brought her a strip steak. another friend waited over 20 minutes after four of us got our food for him to get his food. for a restaurant that makes you cook your own food, it sure took them a while to bring us raw steak. our entire meal lasted over two and a half hours. i could go on, but i'll end with this. my friend looked at me in the middle of dinner and asked, earnestly, if we were living in pergatory. and dear yelp reader, that's what it felt like, at mad rex. that's what it felt like. 
I do want to be clear, there was a DJ violinist who was absolutely killing it the entire time.I have to qualify my visit a bit before i get started. 
First, I am a Mad Max freak. I carry around a little music box in my jacket so if i meet a feral boy i can befriend him. So yeah, I'm a bit of an idiot. 
Second, I went to this place on my birthday with my friends, who we'll call Worf and Scort for the purposes of anonymity. Worf is an affable stoner and Scort is a big ball of concentrated evil wrapped up in a Clark Kent facade. Good folks. 
This place was Worf's idea. After looking at the menu and the website, I certainly didn't expect any kind of culinary/cultural epiphany, but I figured "Hell, maybe the servers are feral. I can cook meat on a rock!" So, off we set. 
Nothing could have prepared me for the reality of this place. The truck out front is pretty cool i guess. 
No issues at the beginning. We were seated pretty quickly and they told me happy birthday. Nice kids running the front. Decorations were pretty accurate in a Fury Road sort of way. The clientele was very New Fishtown. Not my bag, but whatever, there's room for all in our rapidly crappifying city. 
They sat us down and we met our server. She delivered the moronic backstory of the place with flying colors and brought us some water. All good so far. We ordered some beers and some wings as an appetizer and we all ordered off the "survivor's menu" so we could cook on a rock. The time: 7:50 or so. 
They brought us pita bread. Reviews on here are correct, this was mediocre pita. Still, unoffensive. We rolled with it. 
Beers took a while, but were not yet annoyed. 
At about 8:40 we asked where our appetizer was. The waitress seemed flustered and disappeared with an apology. We watched the kitchen staff yell at her through the window into the "survivor's kitchen". Poor kid wasn't having a good night, clearly. 
When she returned to our table 20 minutes or so after that with no wings, Scort's inner demon could stay quiet no longer. Half jokingly, he yelled "Jesus F'n Christ". This broke our server. She could no longer maintain the illusion of composure. She did not take it with humor. She became incredibly apologetic and comped the first of many items for the rest of the evening. I felt bad for her, as I too was once confined to the post apocalyptic prison that is food service, but things were starting to get pretty bad in there and I was pretty hungry. 
We then waited for our free wings. We watched as two employees would occasionally walk out of the kitchen with plates of food, only to be turned back by their target tables. I got the impression this place is staggeringly disorganized. We were delivered three burgers around this time. We didn't order them. The two guys returned to the kitchen with the food. They did this over and over again throughout the night.
Finally, WINGS! I didn't eat them, as they appeared to be from mutant chickens. Likely a result of the radiation poisoning that overtook the earth post apocalypse. Scort and Worf chowed down. The verdict: meh. 
Scort and Worf ordered more beers, which took a good 20 minutes to come out. By this time, we had been there for about an hour and 45 minutes. Scort turned to our server and asked "Is our raw meat done yet". ( a classic line that all should use when delayed dinner strikes at this establishment. use it.) She spun a tale of "the other tables". We had no real idea what she meant. She walked away. The survivor's kitchen still looked angry. 
Finally, after about 2 hours, MEAT AND ROCKS. They delivered mine about 10 minutes before the other two. They just dropped it on the table with no explanation. A slab of meat, three random sauces, a vat of butter, a lemon and some salt of some sort. I had no idea what to do, so i dropped my meat on the HOT ROCK. It got stuck. 
A few minutes later a server we had not yet met came out with their food. She asked "did they show you how to do this?" We said "no". She said "ok, i'll show you again". AGAIN?
The food wasn't very good, but it wasn't completely bad either. This is about what i expected. My comrades said the fish was terrible. 
I ordered one more beer. I watched the bartender pour it and sit it on the bar. It sat there for 20 minutes. By the time our server brought it over, we had finished eating. I didn't want the beer. It was now about 2.5 hours since we entered the place. We were late for other birthday engagements. We asked for the check. 
Now, to be fair, the server took almost 60 dollars off of our bill because so many things went all wacky during the evening. She had no idea how to deal with us, specifically Scort who had shown her the face of Satan at some point. 
As we left, we were told "we're so glad you survived". Apt. 
All in all, this was certainly the single worst dining experience i've had, and I'm originally from Florida. That said, it was kind of incredible in its horror, and I kinda had an amazing time. One extra star for being so bizarre and entertaining in its incompetent majesty. Fight on, Mad Rex.It's not often you go somewhere to eat and the experience resonates for you more than the food; which was epic.
My first visit we had to wait an hour for seating so sat at the bar instead. Though great, we knew we wanted to return and experience a table. We did that a week later. The verdict: WOW! 
Having sat at the bar and ordered a burger originally, which had the typical bar experience with much better scenery, there was nothing to prepare you for the full seated experience. 
Starting with the Foragers Flatbread (wooow!), which we ordered another round of; it was the items on the Black Lava Rock that convinced us to always return. Lobster Fettuccine on my first visit was A1 and my burger was more rare than med in my first visit, but the second go around was well worth it.My girlfriend and I tried out this new apocalypse themed bar!  The decorations were on point and the burger was delicious.  Our server Eric was very attentive to our needs and super friendly!I went on a Friday night with 3 friends. The bar staff took 10 minutes to take our order. They then charged us 22% gratitude for 4 drinks. When I asked why, I was told that's how it came up on the computer and the bartender walked away.The only reason I am giving it two stars is because the bartender David was so rude to us.  If I'm coming into your place to spend my money I don't need a cocky bartender, for when I ask a question about the drink menu to tell me it's all 'self explanatory '. Very unprofessional.They are just not ready. Should close their door to the public until they figure out how to run a restaurant.One of the worst meals we've ever payed for. Gave me a ginger ale in place of a Sprite. Rough start. Flatbread app was horrible and undercooked like it was warmed up in an Easy-Bake oven, spread with canned tomato sauce, and sprinkled with store-bought Parmesan cheese. Burger was even worse, bun was hard and stale and the lettuce and tomato were fresh-outta-the-freezer cold, patty was charred on the outside and just poorly cooked overall. The fries were edible and offered us comic relief as we laughed over how bad this meal was. Vibes of the restaurant were cool even though nothing really made sense, lots of conflicting themes going on. Shame is that it could be a great spot in a solid location but not without halfway decent food. Service was slow but friendly, even with us being 2 of 6 people in the place.Came here for my husband's birthday lunch. Cooking on the hot rock was a fun treat!! The dips on the side put it over the top. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which was delicious and HUGE; the side of fries was also excellent - a little bit sweet and nicely seasoned. Our server Kyshima was so friendly and amazing!Mad Rex sounded like an cool concept, so I came in with a group of 8 or 9 last week, around 6pm. 
The vibe: Interesting. Most of the restaurant looked like it was decorated with actual Mad Max movie props. Some of the actual style choices were weird (e.g., very contemporary stone ledger panels) and the huge tables made it feel sort of like Game of Thrones.
Food: I was hoping for something light, and opted for the chicken skewers for about $9. It was definitely light - probably 1/2 a full sized chicken breast worth of meat plus some slivers of onion and pepper. It looked like the chicken was grilled as a whole breast, then cut into chunks and skewered. Lower quality and quantity than expected.
Service: We were given one check, and wrote credit card numbers and totals on the back to split it ourselves, in normal Philly fashion. The server took the cards and check without question, and disappeared for 30 minutes. We asked the manager (middle aged man with short hair) what was going on, and he answered that the way we split it up made it hard for the server, but that they were working on it. No solutions or suggestions were discussed.
While waiting another 15 minutes, we discovered a hidden "service charge." However, this service charge was buried deep in the check, between a beer and food item and mentioned nowhere else. Almost looked intentionally hidden. Customers are not informed of this charge anywhere on the menu or in the restaurant, and hiding it in this manner borders on fraud. 
We brought this to the attention of the manager, and he told us that they were working on new menus and that we can treat it like a suggestion - after we had already paid and waited 45+ minutes to have our checks returned. While talking to him about this, he abruptly cut off the conversation and said "Isn't that your waitress bringing your checks back now? So what's the problem?"
Summary: I live in the neighborhood and would love to see Mad Rex succeed. However, the food doesn't make the spot a destination, the theme is interesting but a bit confused, the management did not seem to be customer oriented, and hidden surprise fees are annoying if not illegal. We were so exhausted by the experience that we declined the free trial of the VR room to try to make up for our wait. With so many wonderful restaurants in Fishtown and Northern Liberties, Mad Rex might need to enact some changes to succeed.We went here for lunch on Saturday , my wife myself and my 1 year old son. we got a table easily since it was not busy at all. We started with some themed drinks which were very disappointing for two reasons , 1 they were small for $12 and 2: the drink I ordered was suppose to be flaming and it was not( the waitress didn't know how to use a lighter and by the time she got the lighter working she had mixed the portion that was suppose to flame into the actual drink so nothing was flaming and there was no offer to replace it) The food was confusing , its suppose to be modern American and some were some were not (example lamb Kofta) I ordered the lamb Kofta and it came out in a bed of fries that was drenched in grease/oil, so much that the server when placing it on the table spilled the grease/oil all over my wifes hat that was on the table. After letting the waitress know we were told that if she got it cleaned to bring the bill to them and they would pay us back , we also were offered a free desert. We ordered a desert and were told that they didn't have any of that desert left (again its Saturday at 1pm ). The menu has some items named with the Mad Max theme and others are not , why not ether name them all with a theme name or none ?? For a gimmicky place they fall very short of making sure the gimmicks work. Had the gimmicks worked and food been acceptable quality I wouldn't mind the price but this place fell well short of that.  Your better off just going there for a beer and watching the other tables get gimmicky food and drinks that may or may not work.This place is pretty cool. Interesting Decor and the place is huge. The bar was nice but it is real high compared to the seats which was weird. But they had a sour beer on tap so I was happy. We only had a flatbread app but I have to say it was delicious. I will be back for a full on dinner one night it was that good.Great, fun, new place!  Casual, spacious, and tasty.  Really liked the survivor stone steak - as good as any steak house in town, probably better in fact.  Also nice waitstaff (props to David F.).  Good place to hang with buds.We had a couple of drinks there, the theme of  decoration was amazing and the service is excellent. I recommend it for everyone visiting the city.I went during what I believe was the first week they opened so I expected some longer wait times and minor issues. While I did encounter some troubles with drinks coming out on time and food arriving at different times, overall it was a good experience. We were seated immediately and the additional wait time allowed us to check out everything around us and take some fun pictures! The decor is super cool and we did a preview of the Virtual Reality lounge. I expect things will only improve as they get into the groove of things and I look forward to coming back to try some dessert!This review is for the bar. My husband and I walked in last night and sat at the bar. The bartenders from the beginning already were ignoring us. The service bartender gave me attitude about getting a drink menu. He served the people who walked in after us. There were four of them. We looked over the menu and proceeded to flag him down. He then informs us that he can't serve us as he is the service bartender. I'm like ok well you served those people and he said well order from the other bartenders. I've never experience such blatant preferential treatment. The nice bouncer offered to call the manager and at that point I was over the place. Never again.david the bartender is the absolute best. sal is also great. mad rex was super busy and they still catered to us. great bartenders and we will definitely be back. overall superb experience at mad rex. thanks david and sal!The atmosphere /decor is very cool. Food is good. The service was not good. We stood at the front for over 5 mins and had to ask for someone to get the hostess. We then waited over 10 mins for our waitress to come to our table (and it was not busy) Then our waitress got 3 of our 5 meals wrong. I would rather a waitress write down our order and get it correct then go off of her memory.This spot is really cool!!! It's a post apocalyptic themed restaurant. The virtual reality game room is such an awesome addition. The decor  is pretty impressive too. We were a party of 4 and seated near the "crashed" airplane. The food was really tasty, we had the tomato basil flatbread, BBQ wings ( they're whole wings), fries, ice cream bowl, chocolate shooter, and a cannoli shooter. Between the food, decor, atmosphere, VR room, and the Wonderful customer service my overall experience was definitely 5 stars!!! Run, don't walk, to check out this spot.Was really looking forward to trying this place. Received a call a few hours before our reservation saying the oven broke down and could not serve past 6pm. The person who called was not apologetic at all and quite honestly it sounded like the whole thing was made up and they overbooked and that was the best excuse they could come up with. Unfortunate that the only customer experience I had with them was over the phone and it was not a positive one.It was so mediocre service was good but the food was horrible. Very bland and just really weirdHad a great Sunday Funday at Mad Rex! Drinks at the bar with burgers and the full wings followed by VR in the lounge. Staff was amazing, we'll definitely be back!Came in after a show at the fillmore, sat down at the bar and was not acknowledged by any of the bartenders. Had one bartender cleaning in front of me and was in deep conversation with another guest. Not once did he make eye contact or ask if I needed a drink. Wont be back.Typical tourist trap. Theme restaurant with overpriced drinks and so-so food. Not worth a return trip.As I twiddle my thumbs waiting for a drink, the bartenders twiddle theirs. 
Amazing atmosphere and food, but underwhelming service.Fun experience and cooking steak on the rock off the survivor menu was really fun, easy, and delicious!  You get to enjoy your food very fresh and hot this way.  Also enjoyed my delicious white wine in a completely black wine glass; such a different experience.This was our first time at the restaurant and i was extremely excited to visit after being hyped on instagram. The atmosphere was great and so was our server. They gave us carrot humus and pita bread which was very good. We started with drinks and shrimp kabobs. The shrimp kabobs were tasty you could tell the shrimp was fresh. We were then planning on ordering the New york strip steak and the green circle 1/2 chicken. When the server told us they were out of both i was extremely disappointed and frustrated. The 4th day of business and there out of 2 important items on the menu i dont undestand how this happened but we got our check and left. I wasn't interested in anything else on the menu. I feel like they shoulda put an update on instagram to let everyone know there out of chicken and strip steak. Im not sure if well go back this kinda ruined the excitement for me.I cannot rate this place high enough. Not only did we love the concept of it, but we loved the food, drinks, and service! Our server Nick was so friendly, funny, accommodating, and made us feel so welcomed. The manager Paul was also awesome! We got 2 apps, wings (amazing!!!!!) and calamari (also great!). We all had cocktails or wine- the Sniper drink is incredible. After getting a great recommendation from nick to order off the survivor block (I think that's what it's called) we all decided to get it! My seared tuna was served with one side (delish mashed potatoes) on a platter with a bunch of delicious sauces, a dry rub, and a steaming hot block for me to cook myself. So fun. This place is incredible. Service is 5 stars, food is 5 stars, the virtual reality room is 5 stars. We will definitely be back :) thank you for a great night!We had minimal expectations and had a great time on a Sunday afternoon! Waitstaff was attentive and friendly. Manager wanted feedback on food for improvements. The folks who ran the VR were great and we all had a fabulous time :) this is not a place that you go 'for' the food, it's for the atmosphere and VR which are both well done. Pleasantly surprised!It was really good. I liked the Steakhouse Burger. I think that the atmosphere isn't really as post apocalyptic as they make it out to be. Also it was more pricey than I expected. The service was good, but they didn't bring us any utensils, napkins, or menus till we asked.If you want to do more than just go out for drinks or go out to dinner than come here. It is almost like you are walking into a apocalyptic movie set. The decor is unbelievable done, the bar stools are almost like a throne chair, and the booths are extremely comfy even with your own portable outlet to charge. 
I highly recommend the salt block chicken breast. The chicken comes cooked, but the salt block allows you to season/flavor it to your liking. The mac n cheese side was light but rich, not too cheesy or milky. the meal was filling and delicious. The mad rex burger had onion and bacon toppings with a sauce that really made the burger that much better. The fries also were delicious and unique. For dessert the brownie chocolate ice cream was out of this world. We both got margaritas that were tasty and on the stronger side. 
After our meal we played the virtual reality games that they there. There is everything from playing a sport to sky diving. The virtual reality glasses and headphones truly make you feel like you actually there. This made the night out that much better to end it playing a game. The room also has a person working it to help you get started and help you with any questions. 
The manager, Paul, went out of his way to make sure we were comfortable and everything was to our liking. He was very personable and accepted suggestions well. Definitely recommend for an unique night out.The decor of the place was really neat and I was excited to try this place. We went on. Saturday night at 8:30 and the place was packed. When we ordered our drinks with the waitress they ran out of the beer 2 people from our group ordered. Then when it was time to order some appetizers all 3 things we tried to order they were also out of. The majority of the group ordered the steak and cooked it on the lava rock which was pretty cool and they all enjoyed it. The service was so so. The thing to watch for is if you are in a group....check the bill for the tip. They don't put it at the end of the check, it is sneakily placed in the middle of the check. We almost tipped double. Thank God someone in the group double checked the bill to make sure. The service wasn't even worth the $50 tip that was included. She may have checked on us 4 times in a 2 hour period.The VR is absolutely worth the visit. They offer a free two minute tour but you can do a longer experience for $2 a minute. It might sound pricey but it's honestly super cool and definitely worth it. Probably a weird place to grab a meal but the VR is great.Went here over the weekend and we were seated straight away.  Atmosphere noted was pretty cool, pretty much a mad max themed bar. Started off our order with some of the pretzel bites which were solid enough and some free pita with hummus. The pita was a bit on the thick and on the doughy side but the hummus was pretty good. Good tip was that sandwiches are no longer served pass 3pm, which was a bit upsetting because they sounded pretty good.  Though since the sandwiches were off the menu I decided to order from the survivor menu to check it out. 
Cool concept , essentially you are given a meat, rare or cooked if chicken, and you continue to cook it on a hot rock which is pre seasoned. It comes with a rub and butter and a free side, though I highly recommend getting one of the dipping selections as it just bring everything up a notch. I ordered the NY strip and thought it was a cool concept. For the side I had the broccoli which was fine nothing here nor there on that. Drink selection seemed pretty on point and service was not bad but you could definitely tell everyone seemed a bit new, which is fine because it just opened :) Overall I thought the experience was A-OK, the food not bad and they have a VR room that our waitress talked up, so should definitely be worth checking out especially if your over by the casino , around the corner bowling or at a concert.Like many, my friends and I decided to try out Mad Rex because of its post-apocalyptic theme for a happy hour on a Friday evening. Well, "happy hour" is a relative term, as apparently the only happy hour at Mad Rex is on Wednesday evenings. No worries, we were all excited to grab a few drinks and appetizers. After being passed over 3 times by the waitress who came to deliver other party members' drinks, I finally caught her attention. I tried to order the house stout (Mad Rex Stout), and knew things were likely to end up poorly when she responded by saying that they did not have a house stout, and she asked if I wanted the IPA. I promptly pointed to the menu where it listed the house stout. A few minutes later, I had my beer and ordered some of their potatoes. 
As our food arrived, there was one thing in common despite our varying tastes: the portions were extremely small, which is why the prices were affordable. The wait staff rarely attended to the whole table (which was a party of 9). During the TWO HOURS of eating/drinking time we spent there, I was only able to order and receive on drink. I wanted at least two. 
When the check arrived, we were conscientious of the fact that we were a large party and asked the waitress what the best way would be for us to pay separately. She told us to indicate on the check what would go on each card. So, we used the last four digits of our cards, our last name, and the amount that would go on each card. I have used this method so many times when splitting a check, and double-checked with her that this was what she wanted, she confirmed, and we awaited our check again. 
Fast forward ONE HOUR LATER, and we still did not have our cards returned to us. In the interim, I reached out to the manager not once, but twice, to inquire about the hold-up. He was far from apologetic, was condescending, and even went so far as to straight-up tell us that it was our fault for paying in such a confusing way. I'd also like to point out that while it's typical to charge gratuity for parties of 6 or more, Mad Rex included this charge in the middle of our check as an item, which was extremely confusing and far from "just a suggestion" as the manger insinuated. 
So here is the bottom line and factors that I believe contribute to such a poor rating for this establishment. First, the wait staff is negligent to excited and ready consumers. Second, the food is mediocre. Third, there are no drink or food specials. Fourth, even when approached with questions or concerns, the staff up to the management are condescending and borderline insulting. I simply don't see this situation improving and would advise you to spend your money at an establishment that is actually passionate about providing the high-quality food and service I have come to expect in Philadelphia. As we were leaving, the whole party was discussing how we had no plans to come back and intended to recommend that others do not make the same mistake we did in falling for the gimmick.Best kept secret in Philly.  Food is incredible, wait staff super friendly and the ambience is unlike anything else you've ever seen.  The VR lounge and games are awesome.  BTW- hands down THE BEST cheese fries you'll ever experience.  The cooking on lava rocks are fun and different.Came here after a long day at work, it was awesome,  the bartender kept the drinks coming,  never had to look for service, they paid attention to me so well I was surprised,  especially during such a busy time.  Fair prices and drinks are not watered down.  If your in No Libs you have to check this place out.2nd time here since they've opened and both times have had great services and food. Love the post apocalyptic concept and this place def. delivers the atmosphere. Bartenders are attentive and talkative and full of knowledge about everything from food to drinks to things to do in the area. (Thanks Kathy) will definitely be back soon.Fabulous Brunch! Chicken and waffles, charcuterie board, arugula salad and omelet all delicious!
Brownies for dessert!Was excited to check out the place after hearing so much about it- definitely lived up to the hype! Went there for the first time on Sunday & had the survivor menu salmon & asparagus, which was amazing! Great food, and even better service. Our server Madison gave great recommendations, & made sure we had an awesome post- apocalyptic experience while also making sure we were taken care of. Thanks Madison! Will definitely be backSub par. Overpriced food, indifferent service, outstanding decor. 
If I had walked in with a machete, I would have murdered many of the staff and demanded a properly cooked hamburger and more attentive servers... but despite their aesthetic, they're not the post-apocalypse: they're just a crappy burger joint with a couple of menu items of extremely high-end steak choices to try to impress you. (ooooooh you have imported steaks. I'm sure at a zillion dollars an ounce they're not freezer burnt.)
Ugh. I wish their kitchen lived up to their decor.I absolutely love the vibes of Mad Rex. It's unlike any other restaurant in Philly, and it's a great place to hang out. They have a great happy hour with lots of tasty food and really cool drinks as well! Get the flaming cocktail. You won't be disappointed!!Mad Rex, the first post-apocalyptic restaurant, definitely delivers when it comes to the overall experience factor. The decor from the moment you walk in is pretty cool, with the entire place decked out in the theme and comes with the added bonus of the virtual reality lounge in the corner.
Food wise, my friends and I decided to hit the bar area and ordered a couple appetizers. From a timing perspective, we had come in around 4pm on Saturday during an awkward time as the restaurant was changing over to dinner service. The food itself in comparison to the experience didn't deliver in my book. I won't recommend the house made pretzels, they actually tasted more like a dinner roll than anything else. In addition, any restaurant that doesn't have mustard when serving pretzels is an interesting choice, especially when pairing with hot sauce instead from my POV. Besides the house made pretzels ($7), we ordered the wings ($13) and fries ($5). I would say the wings were decent and should be for a typical bar food in my opinion. Overall however, there are tons of other options in the city with better wings and at a way better value. 
Overall I would recommend this bar for those who are into virtual reality and looking to "experience" something completely different. I would focus spending your money on the virtual reality ($2 per min in chamber or $1 per min in lounge) or grabbing a drink at the innovative/picture worthy bar before purchasing any food.Had lunch a couple days ago.  Place only opened three weeks ago. Its a theme restaurant so put the following in that context.  Decore was pretty cool.  Staff dress, too much.  Like terminator googles.  Ok.  So, I took a flyer and ordered a signature cocktail only to find out they didn't have all the ingredients available.  The chicken appetizer skewer was pretty small and a touch dry.  The menu overall was pretty standard aside from cooking meat on a hot rock.   I ordered a veggie,  mushroom and cheese forward sandwich.  Very tasty but not out of this world special.   I'm guessing if they have and or get a mojo it will be a cool bar scene.  Lots of potential for that given the location.I never wrote a review but this placed upset me so bad i had to. This was my first time 8-11-18  at Mad Rex and i was excited about taking my friend there. What a disappointment. My first impression of the resturant was good the hostess was very nice and friendly. my reservation was at 7:30pm. we were early no problem so we had to wait a few minutes  and they only had low tables which i said weren't ideal for us as both of us are over 6ft tall. but another hostess sd our table was ready and sat us at a low table anyway . I ask could we sit at a higher table since 1 was available and she complied. The waiter took our food order and a order for a drink the Gryphon a 20.00 drink. Our table was a few feet from the bar. This drink sat on the bar for about 6 to 7 min while staff were talking over  not very hygenic our waiter walked past it numerous times until we got his attention to ask was that our drink sitting there for some time. The waiter Never apologized or anything for the delay pretty much his service sucked as he spent 15-20 min trying to figure out a bill for a previous table he waited on and forgot about other customers he had!  This  drink has tons of ice and as you may guess was melting making the drink waterdowned. When i spoke to the Manager about it who seemed as though i was bothering him. he sd sorry he would get the bartender to make another one.  The professionalism of this bartender a Caucasian male with a beard and mustache I rate a 1 horrible..  As were sitting there he has a few staff taste the drink i guess to get their opinions and what they thought.  and then proceeded to let them know what table it came from.... now another 5-10 min gone by no remade drink. food has came. i go over to ask him nicely are you going to make another drink. he advised me its nothing wrong with the drink. Then proceeded to turn his back to me to say something to the other bartender  who looked at me and rolled her eyes.  i let the bartender know he wasnt paying for it soooo... another 6 min go past, stll no drink i let the manager know how  his bartender  interacted with me as it was very unprofessional. This manager again acted  like i was bothering him and could have cared less about our issue YOUR A MANAGER ITS YOUR JOB TO DIFFUSED ISSUES WITH YOUR CUSTOMERS NOT MAKE IT WORSE. Oh wait he advised me he would take the drink off the the bill. WOW!!!!! we weren't going to pay for something we didn't drink anyway. It seemed as when other customers WHITE. spoke to this manager his interaction with them  was totally different. We were so disgusted we half ate the food and left.  I brought my friend to  this establishment cause I thought it was a awesome restaurant concept. The concept is still Awesome its those people who made it SUCK!!!!!#Madrexsucks
#ListentoyourcustomersPost-apocalyptic themed restaurant with drinks that are attached to IV-Bags and such fan favorites as the flame thrower (Think the flaming moe from the simpsons).
I absolutely loved this place, it is like the Dave and Buster's for foodies everywhere. Now for the food - ordered the duck breast on rock salt which has tons of condiments to garner the breast to your likening. Had me some Venison Tartare with an egg right smack in the middle, hats off to the chef for the preperation! Only had the one drink which was a fun party drink as they light it on fire! Got a great live video from the experience but the drink itself was a bit too sugary for my tastes.
I would absolutely come back here to bring friends for the unqiue experience. I do take umbrage however on the bill....since when is tax 15%?? See attached bill. Be sure to checkout the gin disterilly right next door if your next to this spot first!From the hostess to the waitress we had a good experience and our wait wasn't too long. We definitely enjoyed this place and here are the reasons why:
1) The seating there is not to close to other people so that you cannot hear what others are saying and vice versa and it was not extremely loud. 
2) The waitress was great and I think here name was like Patrinia or Patrice. She had a great attitude, friendly, and came around the right amount of time to not be overbearing or neglecting. 
3) The garlic parmesan wings were awesome along, but the potato fingerlings were okay. I felt they needed more flavor and salt. The sauce with the wings though were extremely flavorless and very runny almost like watered down. 
4) My wife had an amazing burger and her fries were great. 
5) The parking is not too bad, but can be dicey because it is street parking, but luckily we found a spot as soon as we pulled up. 
6) The decor is cool and not like any place we have ever been too. 
Overall we are looking forward to going back and if you are looking for a fun and cool place to hang out then check this place out.Such a unique spot! The amount of detail put into the interior (and exterior) is astounding. It truly feels like an apocalyptic restaurant. Food and service were excellent as well. Only downside is that not enough people know about this place yet!Decor is post-apocalyptic kitsch, evoking Heavy Metal magazine.  My friends raved about the burger but I've had better a few blocks away. Ordered a Dark Saying cocktail, it wasn't to my taste.  Probably won't be back.First time in MAD REX what can I say it was amazing from the staff the food the service. I recommend this place to anyone. If you need anything to all see  Mari Nunez. She goes over and above to make sure your experience is amazing.  It's a must check out spot.This place was pretty solidly awesome and well worth a visit.
We had some hiccups, but Paul the manager stepped in and more than made up for them to ensure we had a great night and make this a place we plan to return to - thanks Paul!
So... the décor was off the hook. Before we even got there we parked around the corner... right in front of this AWESOME Max Max truck with a rebar sculpture made to look like a machine gun mounted on the front... which we of course took pictures with as soon as we got out of the car.
Inside was even better with a Christmas tree decorated with gas masks and googles and seat belts and a partridge in a pear tree... and cool sculptures of bodies made out of bullets and awesome apocalyptic recycled weapons made from scavenged parts.
The hostess was awesome as we'd arrived with no reservation and they were busy, but we were out for a friends birthday and she took pity on us to squeeze 8 of us into a table really meant for 6... which we were very happy to have - thanks awesome hostess who I wish I'd gotten the name of!
The food and drinks were awesome... all kindsa cool drinks... some were lit on fire, some were deliverer in a cool glass box full of smoke, others were in a big plastic skull - the best tasting was the Ginslinger.
The hiccups started when the main round food was a bit slow, but hey they squeezed us in, so no big deal... but then a few things in the order were wrong or forgotten and some of the orders didn't come for a good long while and some of us were halfway through our meal... so we're sitting up and craning our necks to peer into the kitchen looking a little frustrated... and over can Paul the manager.
Paul was awesome. He was friendly and apologetic and got us a free round and as he got the story of a few things that had gone a bit off track he told us the food that had yet to arrive would be taken off the bill and took 50% off the rest of the meal. Yeah, his friendly and professional demeanor paired with desire to find a way to make us happy won us over and made sure we'll be going back.
When he asked if there was anything else he could do for us I mentioned it was my friends birthday and asked if she could take home the skull mug he said of course and then went the extra mile to also got us a round of deserts on the house.
Oh and... back to the food... my steak was killer and cooking it myself on a super heated rock at my table was pretty cool. 
So yeah, the hiccups keep me giving Mad Rex a 4 rather than a 5... but I hope my next visit will be a 5.
See ya next time Paul and awesome hostess who I hope to get the name of next time. :)Mad Rex is an experience you need to try out at least once! The post-apocalyptic theme is really fun as they went all out with the decor. Half of our party ordered off the survivor menu: one person cooked his steak on a hot lava rock and the other seasoned her chicken on a Himalayan salt rock. The sauces and spice rubs that were served with it were pretty good. We thought it was a cool set up and was fun to try! The other entrees were more hearty portions (better value), and everyone enjoyed their dishes. 
I know there are some complaints on here about the customer service, but we had a pretty good experience as our server was chill but attentive. The manager also made sure to check in on us a few times, which was appreciated as well.
Overall, I give four stars as the food is great but isn't knock-your-socks-off for the price. Five stars for decor, theme, and experience.Rainy evening dinner at a place I've had in my bucket list for some time now.  The place was full of folks celebrating mother's day.  Service seemed busy and high tempo'd.  We walked up to the hostess and were told they are not accommodating walk ins that evening...probably due to all of the reservations for the holiday.  However, she spoke to someone and we were seated in a quiet corner which I appreciated.  This place looked had a mad max virtual reality theme to it which was cool.  The artistic designs all around enhanced the theme.  We were greeted by the waitress, Erica, and given the load down on the story behind the cool concepts around the restaurant and their food and beverage offerings...she was extremely nice.  We ordered 2 cocktails along with the smothered fries which had bacon bits, scallions and a creamy cheese sauce smothered on top...the combination made for a slight sweet taste.  It came out rather quick.  For entrees we ordered the lobster pasta and rex burger.  Our entrees took some time to prepare and did not come out as quick as the fries and drinks.  The lobster pasta had a creamy white sauce and chunks of lobster meat.  I ordered the rex burger medium rare with a fried egg on top.  The burger came out on a cool looking tray custom made from wood and a sort of tin license plate.  I ordered my burger with a side of sautéed broccoli.  The broccoli was cooked without being overcooked and had nice crunchy texture with what tasted like onion ring crisps.  The burger however came out medium well.  The waitress took the burger back to the kitchen to order a new one.  The manager, Jose, came over to speak with us and offer an apology for the over cooked burger...he also offered us drinks on him.  He was very courteous and presented himself in a manner deserving recognition.  A new burger arrived and, unfortunately, was also over cooked.  The waitress took it back and at this point we had to leave.  However, after paying the check, Jose, comes back to our table with a gift card inviting us back.  It's service like this that develops brand loyalty.  Thanks Erica and Jose for your warm hospitality and 5 star service.
Stay tuned for an updated review once I visit again.Had dinner there for Easter the service was awful. The waiter only can to the table two time (  to bringing the food & bringing the check) If you needed something you had to flag the waiter down not cool.  The food needed help the fingerling potatoes that can on my chicken dish was black & rubbery on some pieces and red on other meaning the chicken dwasn't not cook & what the red was blood from the chicken the potatoes tasted like the leftover from the night before the french fries the came underneath the lamb & beef kabobs was so salty you could not eat them also taste like left over. The glasses of wines run about 10.00 but you only get a half of glass not good. If you needed extra napkins they gave u bar napkins not dinner napkins not cool. The service could have been more attentive. But the Mad Rex post-apocalptic atmosphere is awesome the decor from the moment you walk in is very cool. So I rated them on food & atmosphere 1/5  the food knocks it down overallThis place is amazing. Unique experience that you will not find elsewhere in Phily or probably in the country or even in the world. The post apocalyptic concept is a smashing success here from internal design by worldwide artists, to the delicious flavors on the menu to the interactive experience in cooking your own meat on a 700 degrees lava rock or salting up your own ice cream in a salty bowl from the mountains of the Himalayas. To top it all the staff is extremely nice and accommodating. Definitely a four post apocalyptic thumbs up :)) Besher & KatyaStumbled upon this place by mistake and it turned out to be a great afternoon lunch. We enjoyed appetizer snacks by their patio and enjoyed the nice spring day. Nate was great! So helpful and so nice. He made us delicious strawberry shots. I would definitely recommend and we will be back for sure!The theme of the restaurant was what interested me most, that and it was featured on FYI Philly. Walking in the place looked great, post apocalyptic paraphernalia was everywhere. That's about all that I found this place had going for it. Oddly the sound of dance music filled the place which was totally counter to the theme. We sat at a six person table. The chairs were so heavy trying to pull them up to that table was difficult. The one good thing about the place was our server who explained everything. He did a good job although the service was kind of slow, if I didn't stop him passing by the table I wouldn't have gotten another beer.
Now for the food and drink. The selection of beers was pretty good although my daughters fiancé asked for two beers from the menu that had since kicked (try updating your beer list when that happens) and his last choice was served slightly warm. I heard about the lava rock serving and since they were known for that I tried it. I went for the tuna. The interesting thing about it was that they serve it already seared which is how I normally like it, so cooking it further on the rock only led to medium or well-done. The sauces it came with and suggested for chicken or fish were overpowering the tuna and were nothing special. The spice rub was good though. I had the grilled asparagus as a side and the siracha hollandaise had very little bite to it. The asparagus was good but the sauce didn't add much to it. The other people in our party thought it was ok and I did get to try the Mac and Cheese which I thought was really good. However, my wife's burger was so over cooked she couldn't even cut it. They did comp her however which slightly made up for it.The only reason it gets 1 star is because our server was so great. Bright pink hair, can't miss her. That, and I can't give 0 stars.
So my boyfriend, who was playing at the Fillmore that night, and I and a couple of friends decided to come here because of all the hype it has obviously.
We sat at a big table with these huge chairs that were way too heavy to even pull into the table. They were extremely uncomfortable and I couldn't touch my feet to the ground. 
Then our server told our group that we couldn't split the check and that we could only pay with 4 cards. To which we know is bull. She definitely saw the looks on our faces and went on to tell us "if we were servers"... which most of us were. Personally I've been a server for 9 years. So whatever, we'll just pay with 4 cards at the end, no big deal. But I'll get back to that.
Our server was super animated and sweet so this is all nothing against her. I can't account for anyone else's experience at our table, but my boyfriend and myself did not like anything. We started with the Gryphon which is a big ass drink for two people. It's literally bigger than my skull. I took a sip and it was ALL JUICE. If you can't put enough alcohol in a drink that size, DON'T SELL IT. I didn't even have a buzz at the end of it. 
This was our anniversary dinner celebration so we decided to go all out and get the Vigilante Bone In Ribeye. Let me start by saying that I work at a steakhouse that dry ages meat and used USDA Prime beef. They brought it out and didn't bring us plates since we were sharing. This steak that we got was just not good. It was at best, OK. And the Black Lava Rock slab that they provide doesn't stay hot long enough. We also got fries and Mac and cheese as a side. The fries were the best part of our meal and that's saying something. And the Mac and cheese was bland. *UPDATE - one of my friends got the asparagus side and it was cold... so that's great*
When it came to paying the bill - the process was just HEINOUS. Took way too long and this was the breaking point for EVERYONE at the table with me. They also tried to trick us by putting the service charge for parties of over 6 people as an itemized piece in the middle of the check sandwiched between our food items. We might have given the restaurant a second chance, but the experience we had paying made that a second chance that would never occur. We travel all over the country and live in New York City and no restaurant POS system will not split a check or split seats. I claim "Shenanigans" on this restaurant for that. And if the POS system really can't, then they need to spend the money to get a new system.  
All in all, don't waste your money here.Such a hard place to rate, because the fan fare does not live up to the finale. 
Side note we visited the previous restaurant which was a wine bar without a liquor license so it could cloud us.
It's such an odd place to rate, Armageddon restaurant. Once you got past the entrance though there was really no fear. Chairs stacked in front of the open kitchen were a bad sign. The fact that Sting was playing next door and walk ins were fine was a worse sign.
Service was good. The beer list was great except Lord Hobo is a brewery not a beer. DW wine was satisfactory.
The wings to me were the best part. Full wings with a good hot sauce that was buffalo like but not intense. Best part of the meal. DW got a Caesar salad that was a Caesar.
They want you to do the cooking on the black rocks that are hot or the Himalayan salt slab. My thought is, um I'm paying this much u cook for me. DW had the lobster pasta that was more fishy then lobster. I went with the burger that the kitchen cooks. Good but a lot going on there.
It's Ruby Tuesday in the zombilandDefinitely one of the coolest restaurants I've ever been to.  Makes you want to throw on leather, grab an ax and start chopping up tables.  All while surrounded in a cloud of steam, heavy metal and church pipe music in the background.  That kind of place.  Put on worn, distressed leather, grab an ax and start hacking away at tables.  
The "Survivor" menu offers amazing steaks which are served on a hot cooking stone with a variety of sauces for you to enjoy.  Amazing sights, great food and friendly and excited bartenders.  Awesome!  
Que the Epic musicThe place was interesting but the service was slow and felt that it was under staff. Drinks took over 20 minutes to be served and then entrees did not come out together. The tuna steak was so so but it was not worth the wait.We came into town for a concert at the Fillmore, needed to get some food and drinks. Got a cover charge at the door, cause there was a private party. We told them that we were there to get food and drinks, and they assured us that we could still do that. We could not get a table nor anyone to help us. Do not recommend. We're currently at Goose Island which I highly recommend!Mad Rex is great! This was our second time here and we will definitely be back again. The post-apocalypse theme is awesome. They have a virtual reality lounge, which we didn't do but it looks really cool. 
To start, they give you pita bread with dipping sauce. We got the loaded cheese fries as an appetizer, which have been some of the best cheese fries I've had. They're fries topped with cheese and bacon. For dinner, we ordered off the "survivor menu" where you cook your food on a hot stone. I had filet mignon with a side of Mac and cheese and my boyfriend got the NY strip also with Mac and cheese. They give you a few dipping sauces and spices to cook your food with, which are a nice touch. 
The service has also been great both times we've been. It's a bit pricey, but worth it with the theme and quality of the food!This used to be one of my favorite go to places and I would highly recommend it, but I came in on a Friday night round 9:30ish and the place was empty as far as patrons and I was  surprised.  After not being a customer for several months I saw the menu had changed and the quality of the food was sub par for the price. I had the Ceasar salad with salmon and my companion had the shrimp po' boy  which were both tasteless and unappetizing.  My friend kept saying the whole  ride home that the food was not good at all!! I was so disappointed!! I was also embarrassed at suggesting this place to him. The drink menu was lack luster but it still had two of my favorites The Smoking Gunshot and The Vigilante but the other drinks seemed to be renamed drinks of the known standards ie moscow mule and Mojitos with nothing extra added.  Again I am sorely disappointed as this place has the potential to be amazing and I had high hopes, but the changes it has made are not for the better! Mahmet has got to get back to his roots, clearly this is  no longer  his pet project!  Maybe if he brought Jose back... IJS.  In any case I wanted to give 1 Star
But since the DJ was solid I am giving 2 stars.Sucked.......Period!!!!!!
The only thing good about this place is the location. Food was blah and I ordered 2 different cocktails which tasted like juice. The waitress said they measure the alcohol. Lolol. NEXT!! 
Never again!Went for a birthday party with a large group during the week. There was only one other table in the restaurant, otherwise it was empty. The food and drinks were ok.. overpriced. Can't say I would have a reason to go back to a zombie apocalypse themed bar.Me and my best friend decided we wanted a dessert before our show at the Fillmore and decided to go into Mad Rex. We were guided to the bar and I'm happy we were! David was our bartender and he was amazing. Suggested a dessert on the food menu and on the drink menu. He was honest and helpful so we ordered one dessert from each menu. He was in the process of training someone and was very encouraging towards his trainer. As someone who works in the food industry I would say he exceeded expectations. The desserts were perfect. And all the good smelled good. Wish we didn't waste our time at the other place we had dinner at. Amazing service and a great personality from our bartender.  Thanks David and Mad Rex for an amazing experience.I have to start by saying that our server was awesome. He handled about 10 tables and the bar without missing a beat. However the food on the other hand was missing a lot. I had the chicken sandwich which was very dry and tasteless. Also it didn't come with many of the topping that were listed on the menu. The burgers were the same, not a lot of flavor going on. It is also not located in the nicest section of Philly. I walked to my car with a crackhead swerving up the sidewalk. The decor is fun but not worth the trip. I'd skip this joint.This dining experience was not pleasurable at all. I have been to Mad Rex before and the service was awesome, but this time was bad. The waitress was nice, but terrible at customer service and waitressing. She took forever to even greet us, and we were sitting for atleast 45 minutes before we even could get a drink order in. One of the appetizers was salty and when we informed the waitress she said sorry and took it away, but never offered us anything else or to see if the kitchen could remake it. The waitress was MIA for majority of the night. Someone from our table had to get up to find her just so we could get the check, which took another 25 minutes to get! I am very disappointed in how the night went, especially when this was for my birthday and I could barely enjoy it!Delicious food and drinks, and GREAT customer service! Servers/managers really go above and beyond to make sure you're having a good experience. Can't recommend enough!!Our family ate here in December and had a cool experience, but noted the service was slow.  We chalked it up to being a new place and thought they needed to get their kinks out.  Apparently, they need more time. 
We had a 5:30 reservation and were seated quickly. The restaurant wasn't crowded at all when we got there, but filled in after we were seated.  I didn't look at my watch I see how long it took the server to see us or take or drink orders, but I know it was 6:15 when I had my first sip.  45 minuets is kinda long to wait for a drink.  
Since we ordered from the survivor menu, where the food comes seared, not fully cooked, one would think we would have gotten fed fairly quickly. Nope, our food came at 7:15.  The food was good, but we were starving after being there for almost 2 hours, so we would have eaten just about anything.  
To finish off the experience, we had a quick question on our check which took 3 other employees to find our server to confirm the bill.  
The virtual experience is cool. The food is fine. It might be up your ally if you don't go expecting to eat for two hours.Paul and his team were phenomenal during our visit. The food and drinks were on point, and we had an absolute blast in the VR lounge! Definitely going back soon and bringing a bunch of friends to share the experience!a dining experience like no other.  The atmosphere is crazy creative. The artistry is unlike anything else in Philly. Nate was one of the best servers we've ever had anywhere.The worst. Service is about the only one who died in the apocalypse here.  It's impossible to get your waiter to take your order. It took almost 2 hours  to get our food and we did not order apps.  We had a heat wave today and they had a fan on.  It was so hot.  There were 2 flys circling my head the whole time while I waited for my food.  Warning- don't eat here- food was terrible when it finally arrived. Waste of money and time