Mad Mex is the most casual restaurant of the Pittsburgh-based Big Burrito Restaurant Group. I first became familiar with the company and their stable of fine restaurants (Eleven, Kaya, Casbah, Soba, Umi, and  yes , Mad Mex)  when I took a job at Eleven while living in Pittsburgh. It was also my first experience with an abusive and plate-throwing chef; Executive Chef Derek Stevens.
My first Mad Mex experience came about five years ago in the University of Pittsburgh suburb of Oakland. Since then, I've dined at about half of their ten locations in State College, Pittsburgh and Columbus, Ohio.  For this review, I'm going to focus on Philadelphia's University City location, since that's where the majority of my visits have taken place in the last year.
Sandwiched between Drexel and UPenn.. Mad Mex clearly targets the college crowd not only with affordable and delicious "Cali-Mex" cuisine, but with an atmosphere that differs from your typical chain. There's no looped top 40 crap here.. they place a decent mix of alternative music. They expand beyond the usual Anheuser-Busch and Miller brewing company draft beers, and have an impressive array of craft and specialty brews on tap. They take the food here pretty serious as well, as the expansive eight page menu proves. While ambitious, everything I've ever had here has been excellent and quite affordable, too. 
The big draw, though, what brings me back, are their put-you-on-your-ass Margaritas. Once you get past the music, the graffiti on the walls, and the young, boisterous crowd, the next thing to strike you may be their menu. Eight pages of every type of Cali-Mex food you can think of.. and then some. Don't get it twisted and think this place is a stuck up, high end pillar to fine dining. They certainly don't take themselves too seriously.. their lighthearted menu is full of corny little puns and funny names for entrees such as the "Overtly Masculine Grilled Portabello with Foo-Foo Tofu Fajita" which quips, "Don't worry, ordering this won't make you straight" and even a few risqué jokes if you look hard enough.
You HAVE to make an effort to make it here for Happy Hour, especially if you like Margaritas..  this is your spot. You have Raspberry, Mango, Peach, Lime, Watermelon, Strawberry, Kiwi, etc. During Happy Hour, you can have a gigantic 22oz "Big Azz Margarita" for $7.00 - instead of the usual price of $10.00. Margaritas aside, they have a killer selection of beer and tequila.. don't overlook the tequila tastings! Their selection may be the best in all of University City. For penny-pinching college students.. Mad Mex is hard to beat. Monday through Thursday from 2pm-4pm, there are several half price options for students, not to mention TWO happy hours every day of the week - the first from 4:30-6:30pm and the second is from 10pm-12am. As a little "insider" tip.. get the "Little Butt Margarita" during Happy Hour and get the "Big Azz Margarita" during non-happy hour times. That's the way to get the most bang for your buck, trust me.
As I said earlier, they have a thoroughly extensive menu and I've never had a bad dish here. They have five types of salsa and three types of freshly made dips, my favorites being the fire roasted tomato-chipotle and pineapple-habanero (HOT!) which are always served with locally made tortilla chips. A huge assortment of appetizers, soups/chillis, wings, salads, 17 types of burritos, 7 different enchiladas, chimichangas, quesadillas, fajitas, taco platters, and multiple desserts fill the 8 page menu . I've had the wings, chilli, 4 or 5 different burritos, and my girlfriend loves the fajita platters here as well. I don't think you can make a bad choice if you tried. 
As much as I love Mad Mex though, the staff can be surly, sometimes a bit rude when it's busy and service tends to be a bit slow (perhaps deliberately to generate more liquor sales..) and the later you go, the more raucous the crowd, but I guess that's par for the course. However, the fact that I can get silly drunk on 3 "Big Azz Margaritas" during Happy Hour for a really decent price, and enjoy some pretty good and unique Cal-Mex food is enough to bring me back time and again.. and I live two hours away!
Mad Mex has food that far exceeds the atmosphere and it's a don't-miss location for Happy Hour for myself and many other University City area locals. If you're in the area, and perhaps even if you're not, definitely check it out. It's inexpensive, inventive, and original. Thank me later.. I'll have a Strawberry-Kiwi Margarita, if you don't mind.Head over to Mad4Mex and get a Big-Azz marg during happy hour! 
I never once went on a date at this place. But- I went there. A lot. I did research at UPenn/CHOP for 4 years and at the time Big-Azz Margs were served like 64 ounce slushies at Mad4Mex . That is how one takes the edge off at the end (or in the middle of) the day. 
Now that I think of it- those happy hour "Big-Azz" margaritas were a powerful elixir. I've seen them transform people, places and things. 
I do have a novel event to share from this venue: I recall a weekday evening when I went out for happy hour with a couple coworkers. We took advantage of the Big-Azz Margaritas and settled in for some laughs. Those margs can unlock secrets that no one would expect: after 2 drinks, one coworker ended up spilling the T about having been an escort back in the 90's and described unbelievable experiences and scenarios at length. Basically none of it involved illegal acts, just random requests- like sword fighting in lingerie with a Rittenhouse octogenarian.   Best Happy Hour Ever. 
So head over to Mad4Mex and get a Big-Azz marg!A vile chain restaurant that I never want to come back to.  The fact that this place is so popular (and so packed) is something I find really depressing.  I feel like it's a sad statement on people's tastes--although admittedly most of the people who post good reviews are talking about the drink specials and not the food.  It seems there's more of a consensus that that this is more of a place to drink than eat, and I see complaints of poor service are also common.
I think the food here is pretty bad, and overpriced relative to the low quality.  I ordered a burrito and the meat seemed low quality, and the burrito itself was enormous but it was mostly stuffed with rice and beans, more rice than beans.  There was a sad excuse for "pico de gallo" which was cooked, and mostly tomato, a far fry from the fresh chunky salsa that any legit mexican restaurant would serve.
I seriously would have appreciated about half as much food, but higher quality ingredients.  The food was far too salty, yet too bland, and while it wasn't super dry, the meat (chicken) and burrito as a whole were a little dry.  I didn't finish my burrito and didn't take it home.  My girlfriend ordered a side of guacamole with her meal--mistake!!!  They charged $1.50 extra for it, and she said it wasn't any good and didn't touch it.  We're both guacamole lovers so in order for this to happen, it has to be pretty freaking bad.
Service was poor, and it wasn't just the waiter, although I think he could have been more attentive.  Our waiter came out once at the beginning, we ordered drinks (happy hour specials on beer--not bad specials), then returned for us to order our food, and that was pretty much his involvement until he showed up with the check.  There was a miscommunication about the price (and size) of one of the beer specials; our server botched it.  At the end when we got the check, he eventually took it back and got it worked out with a small credit to our check.  So good job for fixing that one.  But other than that...my water ran out and the waiter never came back to refill it...he never came back to check on us and ask how our food was.  Oh, and when we first came in here the restaurant was out of glasses for water (of course, they weren't out of glasses for beer--why didn't they just use beer glasses?), so it was a little while into our meal when they actually came out with water.
The atmosphere in here is very loud.  There was noise from conversation but also the music was turned way up.  I wasn't really crazy about the music.  The atmosphere was also dark, with a sort of cozy feel, but it didn't really do it for me.  It didn't feel homey.  Some bars feel lively, this one just felt noisy.  I think a difference for me is a lack of community feel...in this bar everyone is segregated off into their own tables and groups, so instead of like having a communal sociable atmosphere it's just a bunch of private groups whose noise is interfering on my space.  So I feel like I'm getting the bad aspects of the place being crowded without the benefits of it.  Something about the setup screams "corporate bar", like the experience is being carefully manufactured by a business with the sole intention of making money.
I wouldn't come back here.  It's absolutely not my scene...not the sort of atmosphere I like, not the sort of food I like.  Like I said, I find it depressing how popular this place is...like it just screams that there are hordes and hordes of people out there who have really different taste from me.  I guess that's how life is, but...frankly I'd be happy to see this place taken off the map and replaced by something completely different.
2 stars and not one because they had some decent beers on tap, and because the food was edible and under $10, and I didn't get food poisoning or something...also because the waiter did correct the error.  But a part of me wants to give one star.  Either way, I'm never coming back, and I'll be praying that this place goes out of business.This place is a little hidden away, and took me and my friend a minute to find. However, Mad Mex has definitely lived up to all the expectations my friends set. The portions are gigantic, and their drinks are strong. I tried one of their burritos, which by the way are so big that I had to eat them with a fork and knife. The waffle fries are also delicious. I ordered a sangria which was pretty strong and delicious as well. Their food is so good, you will be thinking about it for a good while after you leave. I think I only ended up spending about $20 all together. However, it does tend to get loud, but I would expect that from a place in university city.I've been here many of times and I've never been disappointed. The food is good, the atmosphere is cool and the drinks are phenomenal. The service is exceptional as wellThe food is always fresh. Their waitresses are some of the best around. The one time I wasn't happy with my order, they fixed it so fast and were so sweet about it. Great place to go with friends.Best place for a late dinner. Be prepared to wait on weekends because of the rush. Service is slow understandably.  Margaritas are to die for!!Not-so-good:
Service is slow and unresponsive
What Mexican restaurant doesn't offer free chips and salsa???
Can't take people under 21 after 7 pm
Good:
Portions are plentiful
Tons of vegetarian/vegan options!to even step onto the patio section you need to be carded by a bouncer as if your trying to get into the hottest club in Philly.  Unnecessary.  The waitress was kind.  the portion size was large! for the most part the food was good.  Drinks are decentI like this place a lot. They just keep adding more and more vegan options! Everything I have had was amazing and the food is priced affordably. The only down side is picking the right time to come to avoid the college douchey-ness that ensues. If you don't mind being around a bunch of immature college kids, it probably won't bother you. I find that coming early on a weeknight is typically the best bet. Again, the vegan food choices are really great!I only have to say one thing: BIG AZZ MARGARITAS. Get you toasty nice and quick. Oh and another thing: try the Jersey Chips, they're bangin. Oh and another thing: try to Wing-o-Rito, it's bangin.I just had a really enjoyable meal here. I've been twice before but just had apps. This time we did the whole enchilada (actually fajita).
This place is jumping around the happy hour time. They have great drink and app specials. 
We ordered the half price wings, taquitos, waffle fries, and shrimp fajitas. Everything was delicious. 
Excellent service. Price was right. What more can you ask for.So we have to come to this location now because we have a soft spot for Mad Mex having previously lived on the same block as the Mad Mex on Pitt's campus.  We indulged (calorie-wise, not money-wise!) on many a late-night meal.  Basically, same vibe, same menu, same deals and BIG AZZ MARGARITAS! but not nearly as good as the Pittsburgh locations.  We might have to wait it out till we make it back to Pittsburgh since this location doesn't even come close.Great place for any occasion - lunch specials, happy hour, late night, great beer list.
And now they also have brunch! The carnitas and egg tacos were possibly the best brunch food I've ever eaten.Food was good. Not a fan of homemade Margaritas very bitter I like them sweet. Good friendly service and really cool atmosphere.This place is hit or miss. I would recommend avoiding Mad Mex on a Friday or Saturday night because it's packed with college kids, and the waits are atrocious. My friends and I waited on a Saturday night for an hour! It's an average place that's not really worth the wait, but after trekking out here with a craving for texmex, we weren't about to go all the way back to Center City to wait somewhere else. I've been here for dinner and drinks, and both are fine. The food is nothing to rave about, but I generally leave satisfied and with a bag of leftovers in hand. I get annoyed that you have to pay for chips and salsa here...it's a casual texmex place--that stuff should be free! The drinks are pretty good, especially the margaritas. The Big Azz ones are 22 oz, pretty darn big and usually potent.Love this place. Great margaritas. My favorite dishes are the burritos and enchiladas.Ok so here's my 3rd review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
Ok I'm not new to Mad Mex and I'm not one of those Mad Mex pollos locos who can't stop talking about the place either, but I am a fan of the place,
The beer selection is pretty hearty.  They do have margaritas.  ¡Bueno, bueno¡ Me gusto!
The food, service, and ambience are all very good.  It may be generic but all 3 aspects were very good, 
I can't rave about this being a special or exotic place but would I return and expect as good an experience time and time?  ¡Sí señor!Used to go here all the time in college.  Loved getting the student discount or late night discount on their "Big Azz Margaritas."  Since graduating I've been back several times with my wife.  We had an honest discussion after our last visit which started something like "Honey, why do we keep coming here?"
At one point, we must have had some good experiences that made us always say "Aw yeah!!" when someone would ask "Want to go to Mad Mex?"  But every time we go, we never really enjoy the food, and the margaritas just aren't quite as good as we expect.  Maybe our tastes have changed, but it feels like the food quality has gone down over the years.  I usually order the Chimi or a Wing-o-rito and it always seems overcooked and lacking on the protein.  The one thing we still like is the Pick-a-dippa with Queso , Guacamole, and Pico de gallo.  
We've sort of tired out on all the entrees, though, (which is the main point of coming for dinner) so have decided we probably won't come back here anymore.Chips from a bag, chunky tasteless salsa, margaritas (more like gnargaritas) and toxic blue salt on the rim.  
We tried desperately to get a seat on the patio but our efforts failed even though there were many open tables!
Philly has a plethora of excellent Mexican restaurants.  Ditch this place and try somewhere new.I like Mad Mex for two reasons: happy hour, and the good vegan options.
They have recently changed their vegan options offering better sour cream and cheese. So much better! The food tastes good and the drink specials are great. They have some quality craft beers from the area. I've tried a few of the burritos and for about $9 they are big and filling. I like getting the nachos with refillable salsas as well. 
I don't get to go here often, but I'd suggest getting there early since it tends to fill up pretty quickly once people finish work.the food is pretty good and fresh. i really like the blue cheese. there is one african american server who is always really nice and sweet. but the other servers are VERY RUDE to black people. they do not come to the table, they do not smile, and as a result i do not tip. since they dont act like i am anyway. for a long time i would tip people to prove to them that black people tip. but now, i leave a tip line that reads- stop being racistFoods OK..and the specials with margz are pretty good..but I love the beer selection they have there...service is ok..can be really good dependent on the serversup, big azz margaritas?
good for groups or happy hour with the girls. get silly drunk on just 2 (the max necessary for me, anyway) of their margaritas. i'm a fan of the raspberry, lime was a bit too bitter.
pretty good guac, and no complaints about the nachos or black bean burrito either.this is the worse place to eat while in university city.  i placed an order on line and they said they never received it and after i dealt with the rude jude bartender who redid my order he forgot that the celery and blue cheese comes with the order... so guess what?  i did not have any when i got back to my desk!  and the he forgot the sour cream that came for my other item.  so i realized they are busy on friday's ...you must have to be drunk to eat the food here because my wings were horrible.  the sauce was good but, it did not stay on the dry wings and it was like water all in the bottom of my container.  so drink up so you can buy their food because never again will i!So I haven't been here in at least 4 years, but I love their Yucatan black bean dip and ventured out, despite the bad reviews. I learned my lesson.
We arrived at 11pm during the summer when school was not in session. We knew it would be less busy than normal.
It's currently 1am.  We have been here 2 hours. We were served the app, but not the meal.  The meal came out while I was writing this review. My corn tortilla (necessary because I have celiac disease and can't eat gluten) was a flour tortilla.  The server took it back to the kitchen to be made again. It was wheat, again. Had she told me, I would have asked that they just cancel the order.  They did not tell me so I waited over 45 minutes for the server to come back. She apologized  for the kitchen....little reward to 2 exhausted people who stepped in for dinner at 11 and left at 1am with unanticipated takeout.
If you are a 20-something student with minimal expectations, this place is great.  Otherwise, avoid avoid avoid.First let me say that the red sangria is off the chain! Its fruity yet strong enough to get a nice buzz. They have the best sangria in the city, hands down... I have been here several times, one might say that I am a regular. I absolutely love their food. I ususally get their nachos grande and of course its fabulous. I either get the Veggie taco salad or the shrimp mushroom quessadillas and both are wonderful. I am never disapppointed and the food always comes out fast and hot. You cant go wrong with this place... Now I must warn you that this place gets crazy crowded when the local colleges are in session and on the weekends... Dont mind the wait though,  the food is well worth the wait!!! Trust me, you'll be in love just like me.Mad Mex is a nice place to stop in right at the start of happy hour or late night. I'd suggest avoiding any time in between. Being smack between two major colleges, it gets very busy very, very quickly. 
After 5 and before 11 you'll have a hard time getting seating, and sometimes drinks/food can be tough to get your hands on, but the waitstaff does the best they can. They're always quick once they do get your order, again, just quantity of people.
Late night is my favorite, cheap margaritas (which are *okay*) and a decent beer list at good prices. If you're in the area i'd definitely suggest the "Pennseltucky" Fried Tofu, Wings, and their Nachos Grande (get the beef- it's worth it).I have been coming to mad mex for years and i can honestly say that they have the best frozen margaritas known to man......but u r only going to get a good margarita if it isn't crowded because once it gets packed then the margaritas aren't as frozen because too many ppl order them and they do not have enough machines to make them.....the wings and quesadillas r pretty good......the only bad thing is i keep hearing that the staff is racist but me being a african american male i have not experienced any discrimination......overall this is a great happy hour and chill spot!!!!I agree with the previous poster that the true rating for M4M is 2.5, because it doesn't quite qualify as "A-OK." But, being as though it is customary to round up at .5 when forced to deal with integers, we'll go with 3, and that will have to be A-OK.
Stopped in for drinks after work with a few friends and had a good time.  Place was pretty packed with newly-minted legal drinkers, and getting in was kind of slow with everyone getting carded. At 28, I'm young enough to be annoyed by being carded when there is clearly no way that I could be 20 or less - I assume that, eventually, one takes this formality as a compliment. 
Once we were in, we got a nice table, more than adequately sized for our group. The food and drink specials for happy hour were decent (I *think* it was $3 drafts and half-price wings). I hear that the highlight here is the margaritas, but I should point out that they have a very nice beer selection. Given that I feel compelled to order Dos Equis whenever I am at a Mexican restaurant, I did so and was not disappointed. Wings were decent, as were the chips with guacamole.
I wouldn't go rushing back here, but I also wouldn't be averse to catching up here for another happy hour.Their food and drinks are good, though more of what you would expect from a chain, not unsurprisingly, since it IS a chain. While I cannot say that their food is amazing or memorable in it's deliciousness, it is always a fun time, with a great wait staff, and a great location for people who just want to wind down with their friends.  And their portions are plenty generous.I'm not too happy with Mad4 right now: 
1. they got rid of their 1/2off food after 11 deal :-/ 
2. they took mac and cheese balls off the menu
3. they took the chilli cheese fries off the menu
4. sometimes their flavor of the month on Big Azz M's is just plain strange
However, the food is still decent, the atmosphere is still upbeat (best time to come is when the students are gone), the drinks are still good, and the beer selection isn't terrible. If you have a group, this is a good place to go because they have huge round accommodating tables.
Their service can be slow, but their servers are usually really friendly, up for a chat, and I've never had a problem splitting a check. No complaining there.This place is close to work and has yummy (not strong) margaritas. Their food is just ok and TAKEOUT IS AWFUL!  They always forget something...quac, rice, sour cream! Sorry, but all of these are crucial for my quesadilla or fajitas! You guys always miss something!!!!! Why is it so difficult to get it right!? I paid for all of it! I get it...you make enough $ without caring! Good job MF!!! Don't go here, it's not worth it! There are other spots in University City that actually care about and appreciate your business!I visited Mad Mex with a large group of 20. We were quickly seated and serviced. 
We went here for a gobblerito networking event, so it was a bit of a novelty trip. All 20 of us ordered a gobblerito and a large margarita (or two!). The gobblerito is a highly regarded "thanksgiving in a burrito" experience. It's bigger than your face, so be prepared. It was good for what it was; not the best thing I've ever eaten, but certainly something different! 
The atmosphere is a bit dated and not the cleanest, but it's what I expected for this type of cheaper chain Mexican restaurant. 
The service was impressive for the size of the party. I know it was made easier because we all got the same thing, but it was still quality and the server got all of our drinks quickly and correctly. 
I'll be back for another gobblerito!I havent been to Mad Mex in over a yr, since I moved to California and experienced real Mexican food and Margaritas. Up until that time my friends and I were true fans.  The giant margaritas put us on our asses and the nachos were always a good way to soak up the tequila.  Happy hour was always a good time and I would still visit the college hotspot, prob. some of the best Mexican food from a chain.Happy hour , half off drafts & wings. $7 Big AZZ Margarita, $3 12th / $5 16oz house margaritas frozen and rock.I've been here several times and I find that the quality of the service is inconsistent. Sometimes it's great and other times it's piss poor. I've had waiters who were really great but have also had the unfortunate experience of interacting with their rude bartender. Nonetheless, the happy hour specials are a steal. The food is really good. 
The ambiance is very hip and fun. It's a great place to go after work with your co-workers or to chill for a little bit after a long day. 
Food suggestions: 
Shrimp quesadilla
Chickpea chilli  
Turkey chilli 
Crab nachos (this might've been a limited time offer)I love Mad Mex's food for the most part - i would marry an ice cream burrito - but, contrary to most of the other reviews, I think the drinks are nothing special - I can't stand margaritas or much of anything made with sour mix, so...
I had the Southwestern wings. "Cilantro, olive oil, and garlic" was the description, and I loooooove cilantro and garlic, so...
Not what I expected, but not bad by any means. I couldn't eat the whole plate of 14 because I chose the "wild' instead of my usual mild, so I have half of them left for dinner tonight.Terrible! Was there the other night and ordered a margarita, not only was neglected by the bartender repeatedly but was given a drink that was literally filled with sour mix and no tequila. Will never go back again! Teach your bartenders how to make drinks!People seem pretty divided about this place, with fans saying that the happy hour is unbeatable with a 50% discount of their drafts (and they have a beautiful variety ranging from Victoria Dirtwolves to Allagash Whites), and the haters saying that the service is unforgivable.
 I came here when it was empty, close to 3 PM on a Friday, and sat at the bar. Like I said, they do a great job of curating their list of beers on tap and that alone should give them brownie points. I had the shrimp burrito, classic, which came with a pretty good vegetarian chickpea soup. The burrito, when it came out, was actually shaped like a square and I had to use utensils to eat it. While I thought it was nice that they made all meat options the same price, including the shrimp, the rest of the fillings were standard and mediocre. It was just Spanish rice and black beans, and to be honest I wasn't totally if there was anything else inside. 
So, really, the food is nothing special, closer to 2 stars, but the bar (the bartender was very kind and affable), is closer to 4 especially during happy hour.Max Mex is great for burritos and enchiladas. They have a delicious margarita for a good price and have vegan cheese and vegan sour cream! Though not very authentic, I've always been able to quench my thirst for spice!Great location intermixed with campus, for starters.
Student-friendly with half price food between 11 and 2am.
Food is fresh-mex style, California inspired Mexican.
Multiple salsas with tricolor chips to start, more than the usual routine on that front.
Great good, margaritas, fun atmosphere, all-in-all a great place for good night with Penn/Drexel students and-or parents.  If looking for something non-college feel, this isn't the place.This place is horrible. My college roommate and I were so excited to find out that there is a Mad Mex in Philly because there is one where we went to school. We've tried the place out twice since we moved here and both times were terrible. 
The first time, we waited for 2.5 hours for a table, which was kind of ok because we met up with old friends, so we were standing at the bar catching-up. ...After over an hour, we went to the hostess to check on our forthcoming table and they had crossed our name off of the list as if we had been seated. We waited a little longer and finally went up there again because there was a table that had been open for a solid 30 mins. The girl reluctantly proceeded to seat us there and as she grabbed the menus she looked at me and said, "Don't expect this to happen every time." ...Don't expect what? A table? 
The second (and last) time we went, the restaurant was almost empty and there was a 20 min wait. ...No big deal. We sat at the bar and got margaritas. After we got to our table, our server was AWFUL. He was SO rude. We ordered our second margaritas and the one I got clearly had very little alcohol in it. You could look at mine versus my roommate's and it was obvious. (side note, I work in "the industry", I know how customers can be), so I said something to him about thinking about purchasing another shot because my margarita was pretty much all mix (thinking maybe he'd offer to take it back and add a little bit more tequila) and he argued with me about how the rocks margarita mix was pre-mixed with tequila and that there was "NO WAY" that mine could have less alcohol. So, I spent $14 on a margarita because it was way too sweet to drink and ended up buying another shot for it. 
Needless to say, I won't be going back to this Mad Mex again. It's a shame that they can't seem to get themselves together and get quality employees. There are way too many places in the area that have great margaritas and much better food  to be treated like crap at Mad Mex.So I would never send anyone here! The margaritas were awful.. the food was subpar I think I had one piece is spinach in my mushroom spinach burrito .. we never got our appetizer ,soup or salads..or utensils for that matter!! I have been a waitress! This guy couldn't handle water or ice refills...oh and this was in a Thursday afternoon130pm .  Not your busy times!Come here for drinks...or drinks and nachos. Love their deck and it's even better in the summertime when it's less crowded. Can't beat the Big Azz Margarita special. The booth next to us last time I was there, was trying tequila flights which looked like a good time.
Service is usually young, so don't expect too much.
Again, just go for drinks and nachos, you'll have a good time.
WARNING: Watch yourself on the deck. There's a lot of birds that hang out above, and one pooped on me while I was enjoying a delicious margarita...so cover your dranks, and hide yo kids when out on the deck!!!This place gets really busy during the school semesters because it is right in the heart of UPenn and University City.  The happy hours is especially popular and packed (usually with 30-45 min wait for a table).  The margaritas are really good though! What I really like about this place are the VEGAN options.  Most of the menu items can be made vegan with tofu, vegan cheese, and vegan sour cream!I've been to a few Mad Mex locations. My recent trip to Philadelphia, I visited the Mad Mex with my family.  They have a great beer selection and amazing food that will leave you with no room for dessert.This was gonna be a 3 star review but I had to bump up an extra star for service.
My friends and I came here for a late dinner one evening.  They having been there before were very set in their choices where as I had the entire menu to explore.  I settled on the carnitas burrito and we got the pickadippa as an app with the beans, XX queso and fire-roasted tomato chipotle salsa.  Over all, the dips were very good.  I believe we even got guacamole as well.
Our server (didn't catch his name) was honest and very friendly.  When ordering beers, he was particularly knowledgeable of their draft selection and was also opinionated in what he thought of the beers.  I liked this very much.  He even went as far to tell us which beers on the menu he didn't like (in no uncertain terms) so that we would avoid them.  Perhaps he sensed that we were beer snobs a bit ourselves.
So, the place, well it could be decorated better and the food could be improved.  It's not bad, just not as edgy as I'm used to.  The service in particular was very good and I appreciate that.Mad Mex refused to serve alcoholic​ beverages to our table due to an alleged member of our table who was "intoxicated"...The service is unbelievably slow and misinforming.This restaurant is like that one girlfriend you've had in the past; there's a lot you don't like about her, but somehow, you just can't seem to break up with her despite her obvious foibles.  
You hate her attitude:
     As a Drexel alum, I've been here multiple times among years past.  Only ONCE (EVER), in this long relationship have I ever had a waiter/waitress that was problem free.  Thinkkk...  attitude for no apparent reason, dropping food on your phone, errors in checks, slow service, items you didn't order, and being told not to "fuck with me". 
She's a cheap date (especially during happy hora):
     College hours 2 - 4, TWO happy hours, and $7.50 ginormous margaritas.
She makes you feel satiated afterwards:
     The burrito's are made for Andre the giant.
She's the casual kind of college girl who doesn't really fit in classier establishments:
     If you spontaneously feel like you want to go out for some drinks, but you're wearing your gym clothes and you don't want to go back to your apt and change, Mad Mex is one of the few places you can go without feeling totally embarrassed.
Overall, I'd describe this relationship as "It's Complicated".  Three stars for its service, but five for its cheap eats, drinks, and casual atmosphere.great margaritas.  good chicken wings.  music is not so good, and they won't change it, even if you ask nicely.
edit:  to 5 stars because the mexican places in nyc just don't compare.M4M...you just have to take it for what it is.  A great place for celebrating a happy hour with your friends and a GIANT margarita for 3.50$.   It is NOT a place for knock your socks off food or simpering service.  (I have actually gotten sick from the food here in the past.) It IS  place to get trashed on happy hour margaritas and snack on happy salty snacks while making up ridiculous stories with your friends.  The food is sub-par to acceptable, the menu comentary is hilarious to annoying, depending on how you are feeling.   As you drink...the soundtrack becomes excellent....I went to Mad Mex for the Cinco de Mayo celebration on Monday.  The block it was on was shut down and there was a tent in the middle with bands and... a smoke macine?! Ok, being a beer snob (as in, I'm snobby and don't drink beer), I bypassed the kegs and fought through the crowds to get to the bar inside. I elbowed, I pushed, I dug, and I finally made it to the front where I ordered a "big" raspberry margarita. I was handed a huge glass with a raspberry mixture surrounding plain margarita. Ok, somewhat odd but when in Rome... I mixed the concoction together before tasting and it was actually pretty good! In fact, I went back for another a short time later and that one was even better, which I chalk up to the fact that I was definitely tipsy at that point. So my three stars all go towards the drinks!I eat here often, about once a week or once every two weeks. 
I haven't ordered much from the numerous times I've eaten here. But, the carnitas and wings are all I need. Plus, the drinks help cleanse my body. 
The reason why I gave 4 stars is because the chefs doesn't seem to know how to cook the wings close to the same every time. I'm a big buffalo wings person, that's why it matters. I've had it perfect only once here. 
Another reason is their bathroom! Get someone to clean this bathroom and keep it clean. Terrible, I wouldn't even get a second drink, that way I don't have to pee and use their bathroom.I really like it here! The Big Azz margs are a great deal even when it's not happy hour! Sangria Blur is a favorite! 
The guac is good but lots of onions so be careful if you don't like onions! I can eat it for days.
The nachos are always yummy, the quesadillas are great and not just two slices of cheese slapped between a tortilla. I've had several burritos and liked all of them!
People are saying the service is slow but that's probably because people tend to go in groups of 10. It's a fun atmosphere so don't be so uptight!Ok definitely a college hang out. Yes you can get a BIG AZZ margaritas but does those BIG AZZ margaritas even contain alcohol or just a pound of sugar. Burritos was awful and I have tasted better. I had the vegetarian burritos and I wanted to gag on the tofu burritos. There was no seasoning. I can't believe people think this spot was cheap and they would pay for this crap just for BIG AZZ margaritas. There are so many better Tex Mex places that is affordable and taste so so much better than this place.A room full of open tables... still waiting for someone to seat us. Well, actually, even to greet us...2stars because their margaritas & waffle fries are the best I've had in a while. I believe I'm being very generous when I select 2stars because after the inhumane treatment me and my company recieved last week they should get a complete thumbs down. 
Here's what happened:
It was my best friends birthday & she just loves their margaritas so we all decided to go there as we have been millions of times so "hey why not?"... (we should have chosen NOT). A few of us were closer so we had gotten there a little earlier than everyone else. So were going to just all meet there instead. Everything went downhill once one of my friends decided to be born a foreigner, but may I add a  legal citizen of this Country who has never had any issues with her i.d. in any restaurant/bar/lounge establishment nor may I add any government facility either.... Well instead of the "bouncer" guy getting his manager he decided to insult her! stating her i.d. is a fake and she needs to turn around and get out! (it's winter snow & ice on the ground 27 degrees out). We all leave out, if one of us is gonna freeze in the cold of January then all of us will. One of our friends decided to go in and ask for the manager...the manager comes out she explains to him that "yes okay you guys only accept PA state i.d./dl however we are currently waiting for a few people who are on their way there, may we take a seat inside by the front door?" the manager as condescending as the "bouncer" told us to get out. So we're standing outside of the restaurant now human icicles waiting on our other friends, while the jerk bouncer and manager stare at us through the window. Needless to say I will never spend a copper penny in that establishment again. Happy Birthday! right...  (insert sarcasm here). We all ended up meeting together and thank God the Penn Bookstore employees had a kind spirit they allowed us to thaw out & shared other pleasant places in the city to dine at. I will add that this alternate restaurant we ended up going to had superb customer accomodations and services & allowed people with an out of State drivers license to dine under the same roof.
Matter of fact I'm switching it back to one star....they gave off this vibe that they'd spit in my food or margarita once we left. I have NEVER been in the presence of such heartless individuals a day in my life. If it was a warm summer day...fine, but on one of the coldest nights of the WINTER NO!, that was just cruel. This entire experience left a bad taste in my mouth. 
Dine there at your own risk....Maybe I'm drunk every time I go here and that's why I think it's so good . . . their sangria is pretty much the only sangria I like (except for the sangria at Tony's DiNapoli in NYC) and it's so much more economical to just order yourself a pitcher rather than a single glass.  Either way, though, I love this place.  Last time I ordered a chicken burrito and wasn't expecting anything special but now I find myself fantasizing about that burrito like a long-lost love.  You should probably just go there.  Tonight.  Maybe I will, too. (PS I was introduced to this place by a vegan friend--there are good options on the menu for hardcore herbivores.)pleasant place to sit outside for happy hour! Big Azz margaritas are solid; I'm sure they come from a huge mix that's prepared ahead of time, but I don't think they skimp on the alcohol.
Food is nothing to write home about but definitely fine for snacking with drinks. Our table shared chips, salsa and guac, and I was kind of disappointed with the portion sizes.
I was in the mood for wings (I know, I should have gotten something Mexican) but I was actually very pleased with the waitress's suggestion of the Southwestern style. Tangy and delicious.
One big negative is that the food took forever and the place was not particularly crowded on the Thursday night that I was there.I contacted the person who replied to my yelp review, received one initial email and never got a reply after that. LOL What a joke!One of the best food spots in the area. The margaritas are delicious and come in three size: little butt, sweet 16, and big azz! I usually get a little butt or a big azz, depending on my mood. The chipotle bbq El No Bonos are so good. I get two orders along with the waffles fries and ranch sauce. I would describe the environment as being old world mexico meets voodoo meets Cinco De Mayo. So much freakin' fun there. Always a good time.Go for happy hour - get the huge margaritas.  They say they have 8 shots of tequilla in them and since everytime I go there I get completely wasted - I'm pretty sure its not a rumor!
This is an awesome college bar - but don't go for the food...its just not good.  Get a margarita and then go to a house party and be the loud fun drunkard...hm..i think my reviews are based too much on personal experiences...ahem..I took out one star for the inconsistent service and another one for the taste of the margaritas.  Otherwise, enjoy.  There are really far worse ways to spend a Friday afternoon than sitting outside Mad 4 enjoying a giant margarita (they are never good, but always adequate), with friends, in a quiet alley in University City.
Service is hit-or-miss...  Food is average... But if they do one thing very well (see above).  Avoid at all costs during PENN alumni functions as the place will be packed.i love love love mad mex! sure it's not authentic mexican food but what they do it uncomparable. they take all your favorite, add their own sense of humor and creative genius and serve you up large, delicious portions for extremely reasonable prices. it gets busy on the weekends for dinner so expect a bit of a wait. the bar has great drinks to sip on in the meantime. :)Horrible - if you are over 30, you are not going to enjoy this spot.  It downgrades itself to cater to the college bound kids - but ultimately the food is garbage, coupled with the fact that the margaritas are pre-mixed and made to taste like... yes.. you guessed... like garbage.  Stay away-so many better choices out there-- and never, ever bring family; wow, was it bad there!I was meeting people, and I thought they might already have a table, so I described them to the host. He snottily said, "There's a lot of people in here. You can look around." He could have just said he wasn't sure, or that it would be best for me to look, but he was snide off the bat. Then, my party wasn't there yet, so my friend and I had to wait for the rest of them to come before we were seated. (There were many empty tables.) I've encountered this policy elsewhere and honestly, even if the food were tremendous it would disqualify the place from my ever going back there again.
The food was not tremendous. They were out of guacamole. This was 5:30pm on a Saturday night. How on earth does a "Mexican" restaurant run out of guacamole?! Second, my burrito allegedly had "chickpea chili" in it, but honestly all it had was rice, chickpeas, spinach, and cheese (I definitely did not see or taste the tomatillos and jalapenos that they claim are in the chili--makes me think they literally just put chickpeas in). The most boring burrito of my life. 
Normally I feel bad writing negative reviews, but their business surely isn't suffering. It was packed by 6pm.My previous review was quite complimenting of Mad Mex but unfortunately I feel it has taken a turn for the worst.  As another user posted the bouncers are ridiculous with id check and are extremely rude.  Service is extremely slow and often the kitchen closes earlier than it should.  I've gone on nights at midnight when they are open till 2 and it's been closed.  Some half off special then after 11...  I definitely do not go here as much as I used to.A double thumbs up for Haley, my server the past two times I've been there, who made my experience a star better. Haley is pleasant, accommodating, checks up often, makes sure you know the specials, and always has cute earrings. Haley deserves a raise. I sure hope I remember right that her name is Haley.
Anyway, so I've been back for not food, and let me tell you--- not food is GREAT. I find that getting as many of the smaller margaritas during happy hour as possible is more bang for your buck (funny how bars do that, make it less cost effective to get the bigger drink... I guess they figure no one will notice. Chili's does this, too.), the flavors are always exciting, but they're often sold out of the seasonal tastes. I recommend asking to try them first, too... sometimes they're weird. But Egg Nog Margarita sounds so exciting and delicious!
Their wings are also wonderful in their flavourful varieties. I love happy hours here!
Downside: They don't sell pina coladas?Waiter was nice. Sadly that's the only good thing I could say about Mad Mex. Food took a while and was not very good--but it is a chain restaurant. Margarita was way too tart and way too weak. It  wasn't even that clean... I won't go on... Or back.Always liked Mad Mex. Took my sister there on Friday around 8 i had the black cherry margarita on the rocks, it was tasty but could've been sweeter. We had the nacho grande, which was super stacked yumminess!!! had the san fran wings which i could do without. Our server was attentive and very nice.Bad service, expensive drinks, bad food. Save your money and make margaritas and quesadillas at home.I hung out with my buddy at Mad Mex on Friday, March 10, 2015.  It was packed that evening and there was a half hour wait for a table.  We decided to wait in the bar area.  The bar area is small but it makes for a great intimate evening if you are on a date (if you don't mind being surrounded by people).  I however was not on a date.  The service was adequate.  I had the nachos grande with chicken.  They were enjoyable but maybe it was the beer dulling my palete. lolI have endless problems with the tough guy bouncers here.  
The food is good, if you don't mind eatting in NAZI GERMANY.  You will get a hard time at the door, and you better hope their scanner is working, because if its not, they will randomly bar you from entry, with no reason whatsoever.  
Heres the conversation I had with the bouncer at the door this friday:
Bouncer: "do you have any other id?"
"No, why."
"I can't take this."
"You can scan it."
"Scanners broken."
"Its a new licence, I just got it like a month ago."
"Sorry."
"If you think its a fake, keep it.  I"ll call the cops and then we'll settle it that way."
"We don't want to go through that trouble."[hands out my id]
"So are you handing back my real ID or my fake ID"
"I'm handing you back THIS id."
He knew it was a real ID, he just had to throw his weight around.  What an ass.Margaritas are the best here! I go for happy hour and after one, I'm done! Great food, great chips and salsa but really affordable drinks during happy hour.  I wish the staff was a little bit more friendly.  Overall, it works for me.Mad Mex is far superior to Chili's, first off.  But what more can you expect from a student-oriented Mexican joint in the middle of Penn's campus?
That aside, I have always had a great burrito here - my personal favorite being the chicken chickpea chili burrito.  Meat can be replaced by tofu in most dishes.  For the price, the burritos could be bigger, but if that's an issue, just head to South Philly.  
The late night specials are great.  Half price food (11pm-1am) and half-price on their "big-azz" 16oz margaritas (10pm-12pm), so if you're in the mood for a cheap late night meal (oft hard to find around Penn), it's perfect.  The margaritas themselves are pretty damn good too, and most of the time, very strong.Simply terrible. Mean staff and manager. Long wait times, below average food, sub par ambiance, etc. With so many other options nearby, why settle for mad mex?Got the $7 big azz margarita and it is actually pretty huge. I'm very sensitive to bitter drinks so this was perfect for me. I got the strawberry slushy margarita. 
I also got (true to my nature) the vegetarian enchilada which was really good. It was mainly stuffed with Portobello mushrooms and if I wasn't such a fan of it, it would have really been overwhelming.I go to Mad Mex with my friends so often we have a regular waitress. I have hit the college discount times and have dined there during normal hours. I have never had a bad experience and any unsettling events at this establishment. Everytime I've been to Mad Mex I've been met with swift service and added incentives to continue patronage like free cheese for nachos and or a basket of Nachos on the house(birthday club, frequent diner's, etc).  
The marg's are great and they even blend them if you like. The burrito's are the best option on the menu after the wings. They have well above average food being made and served here. 
The atmosphere is exactly what you should expect of being in a urban college setting. Semi-loud music, loud conversation are a regular occurrence but they never detract from having a good time.Awesome for college students! Very cheap during happy hour and late night happy hours (half-off food with student ID at 2-4 pm and 11 pm-1 am), and the portions are huge -- you really can't beat all that! Food is not high-quality, but it's all decent, and again, the servings are HUGE (especially the nachos!). The big azz margheritas are huge and quite strong for me (i don't know why other yelpers are saying these drinks are weak). 
Service was good and nice to us. The place is rather too dim (at nighttime) for me.Being a tourist in this city, I would say Mad Mex was a great go-to for Mexican. If I could I would rate it a 3.5 but I was being nice today and rounded up to 4 stars. It has amazing deals catered to students and non-students alike. I think if you have a student ID though you can access up to 50% off deals (during their weekday happy hour or late night specials). They also apparently are known for their 22oz margaritas for $7. However, because we were not there at those special times, we paid $11 each. Still worth it because of the unique flavors - I got a raspberry lime and my friend got a strawberry. The menu is carefully crafted with hilarious names and make believe items (one made a joke about how you need to order this food before the Wall to Mexico gets built). The service and waitstaff were extremely friendly and easy going as well - the personal touch of the manager going to each table at the end was really appreciated as well. As for the food we had no idea how large the portions were going to be! Wow! If we had known the nacho "appetizer" was really an entrée portion we would have stopped there. However we accidentally overindulged (which is never a bad thing) and got our own Chimichanga + Boneless wings (YUM SO SPICY) entrees respectively but had to take them home. I could see how this place is delicious to some (bang for your buck, huge college appeal which is fine by me) and a turn off to others (who are looking for upscale Mexican). All in all a great solid choice!Went here on a weekday and it was decently crowded.  Seemed to be a college date night destination.  It had a fun atmosphere, but it was overpriced for the lame so-so food.  I've had much better nachos and burritos. Our waitress was terrible.  If I wasn't driving, I would have probably splurged on an over priced margarita because they seem to be the highlight of this place.the food here is great.  i am not sure if the guacamole is real or not, but all in all a great place to eat.  the drink specials are on point.I placed an order through Grubhub for nachos, extra guac, fajitas and chipotle boneless chicken for myself and my coworkers. The order arrived on time however the nachos were burnt. The nachos arrived in a foil pan, the cheese on top was burnt and there was only cheese and beans on top with burnt chips surrounding it. I was completely dissatisfied with the order. The fajitas were not flavorful and the wings were cold. Grubhub refunded me for the nachos after contacting the restaurant:I've come here a few times after class for their happy hour specials. Mad Mex has a great selection of draft beer and seems to change a couple each week. The service can be terrible depending on the crowd and if you are here for drinks and sit at a table it could be 10 minutes before you get your beer. I am a big fan of the shape of their bar which is great for smaller groups or the ledge facing the bar to lean if you are standing. 
If you go to UPenn or Drexel this is a great place for inexpensive drinks after class. I had some of the bean dip which was ok but not spectacular so I'm not sure about the rest of their menu.The happy hour margarita specials are decent. They taste fairly good too. (There are other specials as well with a student ID) The food was whatever. Didn't really have a lot of flavor. There is a nice outdoor area. (Inside wasn't bad either.) The wait staff was friendly, though at times seemingly a bit disorganized. 
I'm not sure i'd come here again for the food, but if its happy hour, and its nice out, i'd come enjoy some margaritas on the patio.Great atmosphere and the set up is very trendy. I had a burrito sundae and it was great. Definitely a great spot.I recently moved from Pittsburgh, where there are quite a few Mad Mex locations. It's been a reliable favorite for my friends and myself since college due to their happy hour, decent beer selection, and a few favorite menu items. 
I stopped into this location for dinner and drinks recently with some friends before going to a show. The restaurant looks like the other locations, with vibrant and borderline over-the-top decor. We had no trouble getting a table right away.
We started with the Big Azz margaritas, which are a great deal during happy hour. There are several flavors available (plus a rotating seasonal flavor), either served frozen or on the rocks. Normally I like margaritas on the rocks, but Mad Mex is an exception and I generally opt for the frozen original flavor with salt. It's basically a delicious adult slushie. I had the Wing-O-Tacos (think tacos but with buffalo chicken) which are always good, especially with the accompanying side of waffle fries.
Lost a star because it didn't seem to be as clean as the other locations that I have been to. Also, the service wasn't the fastest--I think our waitress forgot about us at one point, as we had to ask someone else to help get our check because it had been nearly a half hour since we finished eating. 
Overall the food and drinks seemed consistent with the rest of the chain. I probably won't go as often as I did in Pittsburgh since this location isn't super convenient for me, but it's a nice option to have if I'm over that way and craving a margarita.the only good thing about the place is they can seat a big crowd without much fuss they get the one star for that. Large tops aside this is the worst Mexican food I have ever had (how you can ruin tortillas is beyond me) Margaritas with sugared rims, over cooked flavorless mush for food, and a atmosphere that could only be described as dark and sticky make this a place I never want to enter again. This is not what Mexican food is about.Delicious Tex-mex food.  So many great options, large portions, and delicious drinks with awesome specials!  I would recommend this place to everyone.  I will say, it is pretty loud when you get inside, so that is something to keep in mind.  Also, if you come after 3pm you have to be 21 and have a valid ID to get in! Definitely worth checking out!Mad Mex was recommended to me by a friend (Hi, Friend!).  I was looking for a place to meet another friend (What Up, BK!) for a reasonable, middle of the week, happy hour and happy pocket kind of joint where the meet up was a middle ground.  (Okay, so it was a Tuesday and that's how it worked out, but my friend said it was a nice in-the-cut-type-of-place to get away from the University crowd.)
With that said, Who doesn't love a drink that is described as Big Azz during happy hour?  You? You crazy person you -- you had the little one, didn't you?
So here is my breakdown, Yelpitos:
- Big Azz Margarita right on time and mixed with berries. Loved it! (Brain-freeze Yum)
- Nice serving of wings and sauce, with crisp greenery (celery, that is! no one likes soggy veggies!). Very tasty good wings to soak up the Big Azz margarita. YES, please!
- Cool atmosphere, although a little busy, but it's happy hour, eh!  We sat next to the window in the back ... don't drink and do them steps tho!  It's a long walk of shame to the meeting in the ladies room!
- Server was nice and attentive. He gets a point, especially since I came right before happy hour ended and he put the order in right on time!  (Ok, two points.)
- Parking not so bad. Yes, I was worried about it, it's University City, meng!
And, would I go back? ... Yes, amigo, I would.  I would like to try the quesadilla or something with more Mex flair to be fair to the experience ... but hello, Tequila and Margarita hit the spot.Went for happy hour, and got a fairly large and delicious mango margarita for $5. Good and friendly service, and very accommodating for large groups. I don't have too much experience with the food menu, though I did order some nachos that were pretty tasty.Their dessert is to die for here! Not a huge tequila fan, but I got their margarita anyways! Great deal on it. Recommend it for those who want a good time! 
Four stars because I've had an unattentive server before when my girlfriends and I sat outside. He never made eye contact while talking or cared to check on how I didn't care for one of the ordered items....I LOVE their BIG AZZ Margaritas. Effing huge. Frozen, delicious and fruity and like 7 bucks during their happy hour? So awesome.  I haven't had such a good buzz in awhile from busy work and city trips failing so this was a much needed night out.  
Manga margarita please.This is one of the "go-to" places with my co-workers and whenever I other friends in the area and we're looking for a chill, fun place to go--I bring them here!Their margaritas are great and very fun to have with a group of friends. I usually ask the server to recommend a flavor since they change that often. I enjoy their wings--they can get really spicy, which I love, but be warned! My boyfriend enjoys the buffalo wings and I enjoyed both the chipotle bbq and the san francisco (holla at one of the cities I call "home"!). I especially like their guacamole. The only downside is that this place is really loud indoors, so try to sit outside if you can. It gets really filled up during happy hour, so don't expect too attentive and personalized servers though.This place is a hit or miss with me.  I've been a few times, had some amazing burritos and the drinks are huge and plentiful (Giant Margaritas).  The last time I went though, it took forever to get our drinks which it wasn't crowded at all (it was a Sunday and a holiday weekend in the summer), the waitress didn't check up on us or tell us that the kitchen was closing at 11.  All this made me unhappy when I finally decided to have something for dessert.  It's really a hit or miss.I came for some late night happy hour, which includes the famous $7 big AZZ margaritas. 22 ounces of frozen or iced margarita for $7 is a pretty good deal, and they don't skimp on the alcohol. 
Food is average, and overall a nice place to share your average (but huge) nachos and wings. I would take coming here over new deck any day. 
Service is kind of a mess though. The first time we ordered a round of water for our group of 8 our server only brought us TWO. The second time we asked, she brought us another 2. When I asked to order a margarita she rudely told me no because I had already ordered a beer....which I hadn't. One of our food orders didn't come out until we reminded our server 3 times and everyone else had already finished their food.I hate giving this place 3 stars because the food and drinks were very good! The wings are so good and super crispy (honestly, the best wings I've had in a long time in philly). The margaritas were top notch! Even the general ambiance was good! But..the service was the worst. We had empty drinks for 20 minutes and we all got our wings during happy hour (half off for happy hour) but the waiter did not give us the happy hour price. It's not the couple dollars more that upset us, it's the complete lack of respect that the waiter gave us when we brought this up. I want to go back again for the delicious food, but I hope they get their act together service-wise.Food: The first time I had been here, I thought the food was only so-so. I had the nachos and the veggie burrito. The burrito seemed bland. However, the second time  I came here, I was much more pleased with the food. I ordered the super mad mex enchiladas with portobello and chickpea chili (vegan cheese and vegan sour cream too). I was surprised at how flavorful the chickpea chili was and I think it really made the meal much better. 
Atmosphere: It's always so loud in here! I really have only gone on Friday and Saturday nights so it might not be as crazy during the week (or perhaps when UPenn and Drexel are not in session). I wasn't a fan of needing to yell to have a conversation with the other two people at my table.
Drinks: Margaritas are expensive for what you get (if you try to order one of the fancy ones, at least). I'm not a fan of the very sweet margarita mix that they seem to use.
I think that if you want to grab some Mexican food in University City and don't mind a lot of noise, this place has a lot of food options for everyone (vegans and omnivores) and isn't too expensive.Meh. I stumbled upon this little spot a few weekends ago, and even tho it's near the college (U Penn I think) it actually has a great "young adult" crowd/vibe. In other words, it doesn't feel like a bunch of drunk 19 year olds. 
There was a short wait (nothing crazy) and then they texted us when our table was ready - which I really liked. 
They have HUGE frozen margaritas ("Monster" margaritas I believe) which were only $7, but meh, it could have been frozen ice as far as I'm concerned. Wasn't really anything to write home about. 
The food, ok. We got carnitas tacos - which were dry and I had to add unconscionable amounts of hot sauce to to even enjoy- a chimichunga, which was cool, and chicken wings, which were actually pretty darn good. Overall, I could see coming here again but I wouldn't break my neck to do so.I come here several times a year because their happy hour is one of the best around if you're looking for tequila and/or wings. The Honey Chipotle BBQ wings are THE BEST! I crave them often. I can't speak for any other food, because I stick strictly to the half off wing special. There can sometimes a sizable wait to get a table, but it's on a college campus so what do you expect? 
Annoying- they advertise wings in their happy hour specials but don't have wet wipes? Get with the program!Service is usually quite terrible but the happy hour specials, food and drinks are good. The Big Azz margarita for $7 is a good deal during happy hour as are the half off wings, but the margs and wings can't cover up the bad taste you have left in your mouth from the terrible service. I understand when a restaurant is busy, but the complete lack of attention from a server when not crowded is disappointing. Getting attention from a server here took forever and it took more than 25 minutes for drinks to come and when we reordered drinks it took another 25 minutes and some members of our party didn't even get their drinks because it took so long. Overall the food and drinks are great, as are the happy hour deals, but the service kind of ruins the whole experience for me.It's a mix of locals and college students, even some military guys. It's nearly impossible to get seated after like 9pm (usually at least an hour wait) , or at least that's the only time I go and it's always packed. And really loud, so you're always yelling. Sometimes it gets rowdy but the bouncers are actually amazingly responsive and diffuse the situations well.. thanks, confrontational boyfriend.
The food is okay, really big portions though. I was just shocked when they gave me my burrito.
They're open only to 21+ after like 3-4pm, and they card really hard so unless you are legitimately 21+ or have an awesome fake, don't even try, it'll just be embarrassing for you and your friends.
But really none of that matters because just one of their amazing BIG AZZ margaritas are enough to get me happily buzzed, and it's just $7 every night 10-midnight (and during happy hour 430-630 weekdays, it's also $7 for the big azz, $5 for the 16oz, and $3 for the 12oz.). There's fresh fruit in them -- where else can you get that for $7?! If you find a better deal, let me know. I always get the mango, but the strawberry & raspberry are good too. And you can be adventurous and try the seasonal but they always sound kinda weird to me...I want to love this place! It started out great, when I first went there a few years ago. We had this amazing meal that was full of (tex-mex) flavor, with huge portions, for a good price. I go back for nachos, and every time it gets a little worse. 
The absolute worst part is the staff. They simply do not give a **** about customer service. They're slow to arrive, slow to bring food, often don't even bring out silverware, forget parts of the meal. We've waited upwards of an hour on multiple occasions for our food. Chasing down a waiter for our check is a hassle, and we often can't get the napkins, forks, or other necessities to eat our meal. To be honest, the whole wait-staff needs to be let go and replaced with people who care about customer service. I worked my way through college waiting tables, and I'd have gotten fired in a minute if I acted like that. I can't imagine having an entire staff like that, managers included. 
The last time we went, on a Friday night, the kitchen shut down at 10pm without notice, and then the bar also shut down. The waitress had no idea why or what was going on. No one updated us. We were waiting with an order of wings (and no forks or napkins) for our check while the hosts were telling everyone to get out and started shutting down the lights before anyone had even paid or realized the place was closing for the night. 
Since then, it's been closed for health violations and renovations.I don't know why I came here so often.  The food was mediocre (mostly bland).  The service was horrendous nine times out of ten (I've waited an hour for the food to arrive, and although more than annoyed, by that time, wasn't surprised).  They had ugly art on the wall.  The epitome of Meh.
Their cheap Big-Ass (20 oz.) margaritas, and the music they played kept it from being an Eek.  I went for their lunch specials which seems like an ok deal, if you're ok with bland food.  Their burritos were the worst.  Completely tasteless.  Their chimi's weren't bad.  Quesadillas-bland.  I do like their turkey chili.
You could sign up for their email club and they would send you a postcard in the mail for a free meal on your birthday...  Yay?  I honestly think I skipped out on this free food last time.
Philadelphia, get yourself some good Americanized (or not) Mexican restaurants!  You are so lacking this, and it shouldn't be.I have never thought the food here was much good, and overall I think the only reason to go to Mad4Mex would be their cheap, strong margaritas. Nonetheless, I was put in charge of planning a work happy hour event, and many people wanted it to be at Mad4Mex.  Fine.  I called and had a long conversation with the manager about the fact that while the do not usually take reservations, in this case we had a large group who really wanted to have our even there, but the only way we could do that was to make a firm reservation.  The manager says okay, we book the event.  I even called a week before my event to make sure that everything was set, and was told that it was.
SO, my group arrives at the time of the reservation and we are told that a large group of people had just arrived, and that they could not honor my reservation.  Suddenly, I am left with a large group of people (30) who had been told to meet for an event at Mad 4 Mex, and there's no place at all for us to sit.  I spoke with the manager who had arranged my reservation, and he now denied that he had ever 'guaranteed' our reservation.  This is a lie, but regardless I simply cannot believe the complete lack of respect for your customers that it takes to simply decide to ignore a reservation for a group of thirty without even calling me.
For what it's worth, we ended up frantically running next door to the White Dog Cafe, where they found a room for our group and gave us fantastic service and we had a brilliant time.
Moral of this story: If what you want is a cheap, very alcoholic margarita and some faux-Mexican food, have  a blast.  If what you want is a place where you can take a group of people, or have any sort of reservation that you can count on, this is not the place.Dear Mad Mex,
I love you. that is all
Really though, this place is the best, I'm concinvced this is what Jimmy Buffet is talking about  when he sings Margaritaville. Hands down the best margaritas ever. If you dont like fruity lady beverages then the beer menu is also pretty killer, they have a rather nice selection of  craft beers. I thought that was kind of unusal seeing as most college kids drink bud light or other nastiness, but I was pleasently surpirsed when I ordered a triple IPA from wyerbacher. That alone made me give this place a thumbs up. 
Now lets talk about the food, if you like burritos then you should definitly check this place out, really some of the better mexican food from a completely non mexican establishment that i've had in quite a while. I orderd the vegan burrito and basically did not have to eat for two days because thats how big it is. Not that the size is compensating for taste though, it was awesome. nuff said.
go! go go !Happy hour offers great discounts and often a lively bar, but the food is decidedly average.This place has a surprisingly great draft beer list with a lot of local offerings. And the happy hour prices are great, too: drafts are all half off from 4:30-6:30, Monday-Friday. They even offer half off food at certain times if you have a student ID. The bathrooms were kind of gross, but I'm into the rest of the place!I absolutely love Mad Mex!! I started frequenting MM for happy hour when I first moved to Philly about 2 years ago. LOVE the tequila flight options, LOVE the big azz margaritas (especially when special flavors are up), LOVE the happy hour discounts, absolutely LOVE the wings!!! Can't go wrong with the burrito ice cream dessert and if wings may be too much I order the wing tacos. Same great wing taste just less wings and a side of French fries. 
I'm glad I'm doing this review now instead of when I first started going because MM has listened to the comments and complaints of women regarding the DIMLY lit women's bathroom! I mean come on! If you're going to expect people to get drunk (because those margaritas will do it to you) I'd appreciate being able to see the toilet so I can aim properly in my drunken state. FORTUNATELY I recently went for cinco de mayo 2014 and the bathroom was lit! Lol
I was a lil saddened to learn that there's no more smoking at the outside tables due to complaints but you can step just outside of the balcony area and you're fine for a cig. I always appreciate the service of the staff and it's always always a good time.This is one of the best places to eat in the university city, they have 'actual student ' discounts which actually students use and enjoy.
the ambience is chilled and fun. try the southwestern wingsWhat a trainwreck. We wanted to like this place, but the food is just so bad. The chicken burrito was 95% rice and beans with only sparse, tiny chunks of chicken and cheese and no sauce (and no flavor) whatsoever. Interestingly, the burrito is served on a plate and is too fat and round to actually pick up with your hands. The asparagus mushroom tacos were similarly flavorless, and served with a heaping portion of rice and beans that may have been attempting to compensate. 
To top off our experience, we heard this gem in the news: Mad Mex was closed after failing health inspections, and not for the first time!
If you're in the University City area and craving Mexican, I'd recommend Distrito. Or, honestly, Chipotle or Qdoba: you'd get more flavor for your money!This is a great place to go if you are looking for something like chipotle but better quality food and a nicer envirnment.This place is so close to school that lots of our events are held here and people migrate here for lunch or happy hour.  The chips and salsa are just ok, the burritos suck, and the tacos and fajitas aren't much better.  They have a great student discount for lunch (2-4pm) and some good happy hour specials, but the food is so tasteless and blah that I can't get myself to come here even though it's convenient for me.  I've been here a few times too so I know it wasn't just a bad day.  Honestly, I'd probably eat Taco Bell down the street over this place.Had a great time last week with some old friends! Drinks were delicious and did the job as well! The blur was soo good! And the mango frozen margarita was also very exceptional, I also ordered the wing salad which was quite good! I will be going back soon!!!The Mad Mex in Oakland (Pittsburgh) was my favorite place in college. My BFF & I lived around the corner from it--we'd drink a few large margaritas, walk out the door, & not know how to get home. Fast forward almost 20 years, Mad Mex in University City & I couldn't even finish half of a small margarita. Apparently, this is what 40 sometimes feels like.
The food is as good as I remember, and totally vegan friendly! I had the Angry Hippie Burrito--it was enormous & SO tasty! I love burritos. Made with Daiya Vegan Cheese & Vegan Sour Cream. YES!
My BFF will be in town next month. Guess where we're going! I better start getting ready for margarita drinking!I will say this.......Mac, Dennis and Charlie made me feel so at home in this establishment. My friend Frank and I frequent this outstanding watering hole and these fine young gentlemen make me feel at home every single time. Mac's hairflip is surprisingly charming--as is Charlie's obscure humor. Dennis is new to me, but boooooy, when they pour those frozen margs, I feel so insane. There's also a The Waitress, who is not only beautiful BUT pretty too!! And boy, do we hate Tr*mp. Anyway, if you need a place to bring your parents or in-laws, seek no longer. We brought ours and now it's time for you to bring yours. May mad mex's legacy live on and on.
Many blessings xx
Also, if you're sitting at a table, please be sure to request Dee. He is a wonder with those gosh darn burritos!!!! But I digress, try the pineapple habanero salsa!Love the Portabella mushroom and tofu fajitas and pickadippa, which is chips with your choice of three sides. I only give them four stars and not five because every other entrée I've tried I have not been impressed with. It can be very loud in there with all the Penn students. Lastly, the service is sometimes slow.This is one of my favorite places to go! I've tried many other Mexican and burrito places in the city and this continues to be a favorite. The food is absolutely incredible and I can tell the ingredients are fresh. The guacamole is delicious and looks as if the avacados are really fresh and the corn salsa (which is seasonal) is soooo tasty! I tried the tortilla soup for first time as it came with the lunch special and that was exceptional as well. I love that they have indoor and outdoor seating as well as a nice barstool bar area. The big azz Margarita is 22 oz and for 7 bucks during happy hour is unbeatable. The staff are always very friendly and patient and this time the manager even stopped by every table to check up with guests and make sure everyone was satisfied, which I thought was really nice. She even served some of the dishes and made her presence feel welcoming. 
On top of that I had gone one night and when I got home realized I had left my favorite sunglasses there. I was so bummed but called right away and the person who answered said they noticed I left them and ran out to try and find me but didn't know which direction I went and would hold them. He told me to call if I wanted to get them before they opened which was nice and was really friendly and nice over the phone, despite me calling during peak time. 
Burritos are amazeballs! 
Overall, one of the best restaurants I've ever been to and will continue coming!I recently went to Mad Mex because I was in the the area and I wanted to see what all the fuss was about. 
They have a pretty extensive selection and variety of the Tex-Mex staples (Quesadillas, nachos,burritos....)
They also have a pretty sizable drink menu that includes margaritas,(of course, it's Tex-Mex duh..) Tequilas,(duh,duh..) Sangria,(triple duh) and wine *I mean vino* *wink*
I ordered the Mahi Mahi tacos. It came with a side of black beans and rice. It was pretty damned good. It was by no means earth shattering, but I had no complaints.
The waitress was friendly, service was quick they have cheap late night specials. All in all......I likeSo I go here often. Ok, every time I go to the Philly area, I HAVE to stop here. Mainly because I went to college in Pittsburgh and I get nostalgic for the original Mad Mex there. The one in Pitts has better food and drink specials, but hey, PHL Mad Mex will do until I get to the other side of the state.
Overall, I wouldn't go for the burritos. I tend to lean towards the quesadillas (give the black bean pineapple one a try) or the enchiladas (try the spinach one with tofu - yummy!). Oh! and the taquitos... theee taquittooooss... I ALWAYS get the Mango Big Azz Marg with sugar, which fills me up and gets me buzzed. And that's it, Patricia is officially in her happy place....The food here is just alright, but most people come here for the big-azz margaritas. Me, I come here for the company and late night food -- I have a bit of a soft spot for this place because my teammates and I come here regularly for late dinners after practice. The service is friendly, there's a warm and sometimes slightly rowdy vibe to the place, and they serve food late (til 2am). Combine that with the student discounts (1/2 off most food) between 11pm-12am on weeknights, and the fact that they will split the check however many ways you need it (no limit on number of credit cards), and you've got yourself a good regular late-night spot.
Worth trying are the chicken chimichanga (no student discount), the carnitas burritos, Thai shrimp burrito, the fried tofu (surprisingly), waffle fries, tortilla soup, and the Gobblerito (turkey, cranberry & potato burrito - seasonal).solid food. HUGE margaritas. Basically u go there for that bigazzmargarita wit a healthy heap of nachos. win.I've been to Mad Mex many times and it USED TO BE one of my favorite places around the area. Today not only they served me the WORST fajita I have ever had the manager was still able to be condescending, disrespectful and just really RUDE in general. When I told him the fajita was raw and "very hard to eat" first he wanted to teach me what medium rare is. I told him very nicely that I had trouble biting it and I had to check after a couple of bites; I was giving it another shot. I didn't want to cause a scene or complain because I'm there with a group of friends and everyone wants a dinner without a problem. I had half of my plate and therefore the manager insinuated that I was doing this for the money considering I had half the plate. The compensation was far from being the issue at the time because of how frustrated I got with this person giving me an attitude and treating me terribly: not listening, not caring, humiliating me in front of a group of friends trying to teach me what kind of food I ordered and "how it's supposed to be." NO it's not how it's supposed to be. NO. I have had medium rare fajitas before and some of those were at Mad Mex. Considering the quality of food they put in front of me the least he can do is be NICE. He gave us the bill back half the fajita's money taken off -7.50- which we then gave to the waitress. You know why? Because she was NICE.Great food and service combined with decent prices make this an ideal spot to dine. Good lunch specials include a soup or salad and an entree. The Chimichangas are delish!So many mixed feelings about this place. I love the food and I love the specials. Great specials for students and regular specials are awesome. I want to love these margaritas so bad but they are so hit or miss. There is times when I'm tipsy half way through, and there are times when I feel like I'm just drinking juice. Regardless, they have my favorite wings and I love the jersey chips as well. The food, the price, and the location are what saves this place. However, I wish they were more consistent in the margarita department. I'm really only doing 4 stars because I love the wings that much!The thing that drew me to Mad 4 was the rumor of delicious and cheap margaritas. Well, that rumor was right. Mad 4 has the biggest margarita's that I have ever seen in my life and they taste just as good as they look. During Happy Hour, they are just three or four dollars!
Late nights, Mad 4 also has appetizers; their XX Cheese Dip is delicious. They put a bit of Dos Equis beer in it to give it its unique flavor. If you haven't been to Mad 4, go, if not for the food, at least go for the "Big Azz Margaritas."I can't believe I had never been here before! It's right by my office, and the happy hour specials are awesome. I had a great pint of beer for only $3! There are also a bunch of beers on tap, and the entire alcohol list is very intriguing. Not to mention the margaritas are super cheap! I didn't try one but perhaps I will next time. 
Unfortunately I did not get to try any of the food. That is also on my to do list because everything smelled amazing.
The atmosphere is also very laid back. The decor, especially the wall murals, are super cool.
Will definitely be returning ASAP!Yesterday was my firsf experience the foid was great!! Customer service at its best most importantly the fiod was extremely deliciousThis place could be much better than it is. The ambiance is lacking, there are too many college students and the food (obviously) isn't authentic. The margaritas are subpar (though cheap)
But it has the best happy hour I've found in the city and an amazing draft list. It you're into beer, don't miss it. Every draft is half off, which means like $3 or $3.50 for 16 oz of delicious beer (there's at least a dozen taps). Wings are also half off and pretty tasty too. 
I've always had good service. The food is decent, kind of what you'd expect from this kind of "Mexican" restaurant. So it's not perfect, but definitely worth a visit during happy hour.Where do I begin.... 
SERVICE AND RESPECT should be a zero. Asked for management, the bartender( harry potters brother) proceeded to tell me that I should drive to Pittsburgh if I would like to see the owner. HORRIFIC... 
If I would of taken the drive, it might have been faster than getting my food!!!
Personalities just as bad as the food. Luke Warm Food, Margarita served in dirty glassware... YUCK!  And the drinks were subpar to say the least... 
 Looking for outstanding service, try the Willow Grove location....Do you like massive, cheap and highly alcoholic margaritas? If so, get your booty over to Mad4. Sitting on the porch with a Big Azz is the best on a hot summer day.Not the best Mexican food in the world by any means. But not terrible either. And a fun atmosphere plus a nice space. If you know what you're getting into when you go here, it is lively and a good time.Tonight was my first time going to Mad Mex. 
1.The drinks are reasonable
2. The food is okay, I ordered wings
3. The atmosphere is okay for a faux Mexican restaurant 
4. The employees are friendly and helpfulThe food here is pretty good, but the service problems are too numerous to ever give Mad Mex anything above three stars. We once ordered a vegan burrito and it came without cheese, but had chicken on it. The waitress told me that at Mad Mex vegan just means no dairy, not no meat and then gave us attitude when we sent it back. There are many other horror stories I could tell you, but I want to touch on the positive. Their margaritas are huge and come in a variety of flavors. The mushroom fajitas are also very tasty. If you're near Penn and don't have the cash for White Dog or are craving margaritas, this is a good choice.if you're vegan this is one of the best mexican options in philadelphia. this isn't chipotle. think real mexican burritos, only with daiya cheddar and tofutti sour cream. loco pez may be better if you're on the other side of town. but if you're west of broad go to mad mex.Mad Mex, I've been waiting a while to get to you since I wasn't 21 and able to get in to you after 4. Ever. And for that, I don't like you... people want to get a bite to eat after class, but you card after 4? That's too early. You're ridiculous.
I was bumming around for the half price student special and finally made it in on a Friday. Half price food for students is only Mon-Thurs. My bad. But you had this great lunch special, and I chose soup and any burrito for something like 10 dollars, maybe less. My soup was awesome, thanks for your spicey delights. But too many of your burritos have black beans and an overwhelming amount of rice. My leftovers were disappointing. Also, the blue cornbread was gross. And whatever I paid for Guac (maybe only 1.00) was way too much for that tiny little ketchup cup. I know charging for guac isn't unusual, but that much for that little is rude.
Anyway, your wait staff was nice, though. Some wonderful lady helped us pick our bigazz margaritas, and while I was going to get apple cider, she gave me the honest answer and a free sample--- sour and kind of gross. Thank you for helping us pick our alternatives.
I think we ended up paying around 40 dollars plus tips for our was-supposed-to-be cheap lunch. And it really was not fantastic. Burrito Mike's lunch cart is only 3 dollars for a well-balanced burrito of heaven, and Mad Mex is lots more for a ton of rice and black beans and disappointment. I think I have finally staved my curiosity, and I am not Mad 4 Mex.
(okay but 9-10 dollars for their giant margarita is good I guess. but only if you like it. I'm just not that picky.)Great food and drinks... try coming by happy hour  4:30 - 6:30 pm Mon - Fri.... try their pickadipp awesome and you get alot. Also have last night happy hour from 10 - 12pmBest place to hang with friends and to grab a drink. Hands down great food and atmosphere.Horrible, horrible experience with both the staff and management, which is a shame because I was really excited to try this place out.
First, our waitress suggested we buy the more expensive pitcher of sangria instead of getting two glasses, since there was "4 glasses in the pitcher". Then when it came out and she realized that it was only two glasses, and we payed more for absolutely nothing, she even remarked herself "wow, they must have put a lot of ice in their today, sorry about that." Strike one.
Secondly, although my food was good, BOTH of my friends' food was cold. Waitress came back to ask how everything was and when my friend informed her that her tacos were cold she started arguing and defensively explaining that they can't be cold because she was waiting for them in the window, and sometimes they get cold because of the lettuce they put on them, blah blah blah.. Please stop arguing with me and say "I'm sorry about that, let me heat it up for you." Strike two.
At this point, we ask to speak to a manager and although he corrected the price of our drinks, basically blew off the entire fact that we even mentioned that our waitress was rude and arguing with us. Strike 3.
Now, we all sit there and watch the waitress clearly talking about us to the manager as we're trying to finish eating. Awkward. Please be professional and go in the back office to talk about your customers. Strike 4.
And as if that all wasn't sobering enough, the bus boy came over and swept under our table and SWEPT MY FRIENDS BARE FEET with the broom since she had flip flops on while we were still sitting at the table waiting for the bill.
Never want to go back again. I work in a restaurant in University City and I can honestly say that myself, nor any of the management would ever even think of acting so unprofessional and uncaring towards customers. Ill be sure to inform everyone I know what a disaster my experience was here.BAD mexican food.  This is mexican for bland Americanss. (ouch, I know)
Worse than Chilis.
I got an enchilada and it didn't look AT ALL like enchiladas I've had!  Terrible.  The meat was awful.  The flavor wasn't there.
BAD chips and salsa.  The salsa had no spice.  Ewwww.
Why does it get 2 stars?  Because they had Harpoon Oktoberfest on tap and for a Boston girl like me, that definitelly worth a couple stars.  So, I'd only go back for a beer, but definitelly NOT food.Yum yum yum :) let's see...I tried the fried tofu appetizer. Oh so so yummy ! It was my favorite of the things I tried. Had a frozen margarita...mango was delicious, sangria not so much. Chill place, can be pretty loud and busy especially during happy hour. Tried some of my friends burrito, don't know what he got but it was good too :)Pretty good, good service but the quality of the food isn't the best. I ordered enchiladas this being a Tex Mex place I would think they would be fabulous, when I got them it was cold in the middle and I could tell it was microwaved. They took it back and when it came back it was popping hot. I don't understand how a Mexican microwaves enchiladas smh. Not only that it took years...to get our drinks. Like I said this place is cool but if you want real Mexican food this isn't it.I went here and tried to purchase a drink for a colleague, pediatric cancer research.  12oz drinks are $3, 22oz, $7, so per capita, the smallest size is the cheapest.  I try buying two 12 oz drinks from the bartender, one for me, one for my colleague.  Bartender refuses.  I say what if I do one at a time and come back?  No, bartender refuses.  I say, hey, but if I buy 2 12 oz drinks, isn't that basically the same as buying 1 22 oz drink, which is the same amount?  Bartender is like ,yes, it is, but I won't sell you two, why you would get drunk from two drinks, I can't support alcoholics like yourself.  Meanwhile I'm dead sober the whole time.  
All I wanted to do was buy a drink for a good friend/colleague and myself, and the bartender would not budge and accused me of being an alcoholic for ostensibly downing 2 12 oz drinks, while being perfectly happy to serve one 22 oz drink which is the same actual amount.  I think maybe they were not able to figure the math, not sure.  Come here if you want a bartender to just be bureaucratic, mean, and unreasonable.  I did not end up buying a drink for my friend, unfortunately, since two 12 oz drinks ,whoa, that's an unsafe amount of alcohol that cannot be sold for my own safety, but 22 oz, that's perfectly fine.While I was walking over to Mad Mex for a late afternoon lunch, I saw a bike messenger on a fixie--on second thought, maybe it was just a hipster--get plowed by a car on 34th Street... Though he walked it off, I nearly had a panic attack, so the first order of business after arriving was to get a margarita to my table, stat. It came quickly enough, and though I thought it was a bit on the bitter side, it got me nice and buzzed without tasting too strongly of tequila.
While sucking that down, I also enjoyed a carnitas burrito, which was nice and tasty and spicy... Quite the treat, but a bit expensive at $9, considering it didn't even come with rice and beans.
Overall, Mad Mex is a surprisingly good Mexican joint for Philadelphia, and a place I definitely plan to hit up again... Though, for my wallet's sake, I should probably limit future visits to Happy Hour.I really do like this place. The ambiance and decor are awesome. I just avoid coming on holidays, such as Cinco De Mayo, or Hey Day, because you'll never get a seat. I think this is the only good Mexican food in the area... so no wonder! 
Last time I visited was for a late night drink/snack. I love that the menu is 1/2 price for students, and their "Big" margaritas are $7. Pretty good deal. 
However, last time I went the icy slushy margarita machine was malfunctioning, so I ended up with a kiwi marg on the rocks and all the sweet fruit kept sinking to the bottom. 
I've heard that the frozen margaritas are a frequent problem when the restaurant is busy too - as the icy fruity margs take time to become properly slushy.
The burritos are as big as as your head and are quite tasty. 
I give this place a general thumbs up.Time for tough love. I went there on a Monday for lunch and ordered a shrimp enchilada. Tasted good enough, came with black beans, rice, and a pico of some sort. Two hours later, my stomach erupted and began gurgling. The other end began erupting and I barely made it home from work before I knew I had food poisoning. I spent the night with the shivers and a headache, and began taking immodium around midnight. 4 immodium later and things are settling down now.  I'm certain the shrimp I ate were either left uncovered, or on a counter, or  was left over from the weekend and should have been thrown out.  Instead it ended up giving me 24 hours of the sh1ts.  Thanks Mad Mex!  Sloppy food handling lost a client in me for sure, and I actually liked the ambiance.We come here a lot for happy hour or for lunch when our boss is out of town.  It's really not my favorite place but it's always consistent and the service is pretty good.
First of all, the best deal is their lunch special.   You can get any of their quesadillas and a house salad or soup for like $7.  Burritos are also on the lunch menu and go for maybe $8 or $9.  MY personal favorite is the Black Beenie Quesadeenie.  And even though I feel like I sound like a fool saying the name, it is truly delicious.  Spicy black beens, pineapple, and cheese all melted onto a tortilla... mmmm....I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.
As far as their margaritas go, the Big Azz is the way to go - especially during happy hour when it's mad cheap.  Their margs aren't my favorite and I can really only drink one Big Azz before I get acid reflux because they're very sweet, but they're not bad.   All the people I go with seem to love the frozen strawberry and mango flavors.  I'm more of a original, on-the-rocks kind of girl.  Maybe that's where I'm going wrong.  I have tried their Bloody Marita, which was simply a Bloody Mary with tequila instead of vodka, and I approve of it.  Get it really spicy.
There is one thing I will tell you not to get if it ever shows up on the menu again.  Stay away from the Pumpkin Margarita.  It was AWFUL.  I love pumpkin EVERYTHING, so why wouldn't I like a pumpkin marg?  Ugh, it was just gross.  I'm not even sure how I would describe it, but "pumpkin" is not a word I would use to do so.When I order enchiladas, I expect them to be covered in copious amounts of sauce with perhaps a little cheese on top as an added bonus. More cheese is fine (I love cheese! who doesn't?!), as long as there's enough sauce. 
There was SO much cheese on this darn thing that I could hardly find the tortilla, much less the enchilada sauce. It reminded me of a bad piece of lunchroom pizza with tiny specks of evaporated tomato sauce underneath an inch of solid cheese. Not good. It was also totally thrown together and falling open -- it was like half rolled/half open-faced. Careless, like our server (more on that later). 
It did, however, have a nice spicy kick to it, as did the beans. My boyfriend had the black bean soup, which he enjoyed. We were also impressed by the amount of veg-friendly selections on the menu (and the playlist, as others have mentioned).
My margarita (plain, on the rocks) was pretty gross, although perhaps the frozen flavored ones are better? It tasted pre-mixed, flat, like it was from lime juice concentrate or something.. although it was strong enough to make me forget about the poor flavor about halfway through, so that was appreciated. Maybe I'm being too high maintenance here, but I feel like if you're going to rave about your margaritas, they should be slightly better than this.
The service was okay, but our server must have been in one heck of a mood, because she acted like we had done something to offend her from the start (I promise you, we didn't): I ordered my margarita, the boyfriend ordered water, and as I opened my mouth to ask for some water, too, she swirled around and was outta there. Same thing with the food order: no time for any additions. No "okay, I'll put that in." The lack of dialogue was very awkward and uncomfortable. When she brought us our drinks and food, she sort of threw it on the table without any eye contact. Most of the other staff seemed friendly, though. 
It might be worth a try for someone else (although we won't be back), but I would not recommend the enchiladas. or the plain, on the rocks margarita.I have only been to this place once but will not be returning. Food was okay for the price, however, the service was dreadful. Waited for 20 minutes to be waited on and finally had to go to the bar to find out the status of my order after 30 minutes. Ended up taking the food home after a terrible experience. The gentlemen at the table next to me had the same luck. They did tell me it was not usually this bad so keep that in mind when making a decision!The honey chipotle BBQ wings are so good here, not to mention the margaritas and if you go before 12am those babies are for only $7. Wait time is usually about 45mins and the kitchen closes about 12:45am.Stopped by during happy hour, had the big azz margaritas & some buffalo wings. The wings were good but a little sour. I've had better. The margaritas were "aight" but what is one to expect anyway when it comes out of a machine... Cheap happy hour food, so can't complain I guess.This is the worst FUCKING restaurant I've ever been to!! I've never posted a review on Yelp because typically I feel ok, but I'm so PISSED that I feel compelled to write this review. 
1. The restaurant is SUPER SLOW. With only two tables, they managed to take about an hour to bring our first dish. 
2. The service is AWFUL! When we asked about where food was, the waitress yelled at us to be patient. When we told her that we were in a hurry she had the audacity to tell us that she does not have the patience to deal with us. WTF?! We don't have the patience to wait an hour to wait for your slow ass. 
3. I'm one of the chilliest people you'll meet (well, it might not seem like that based on this review lol), and I was moved to anger and outrage. 
Conclusion: Avoid this dump like the plague. Don't say I didn't warn you. 
If you're the manager of this restaurant and are reading this, I urge you to spend time fixing up this mess before your place runs to the ground.Last night, we had a tax conference about where to find a burrito and margarita in Philly. My tax attorney suggested Mad Mex. We read all the Yelp reviews below on the place, and even though they were lukewarm and peppered with gross-out tales (the reviews not the food, silly!), we *decided to go anyway.* 
First of all, like many of the other Yelpers below, I too am a Californian. Yeah, and I'm even from the San Francisco Bay Area, where burritos were invented. (It's true. The Mission District not Mexico, dudes.) So, inspired by my fellow Bay Areans (wait, that sounds wrong)... I mean, inspired by my fellow San Franciscans' good reviews, we set out to find a west-coast style burrito. 
Success? Sorta. West-coast burritos are a hands-on experience, not a fork-n-knife ordeal, as at Mad Mex. Still, (important!!) the burrito was very good. I might even call it excelente. Even though I never held it in my hands or unwrapped any foil (like it should be), I would recommend it.
Secondly, I'm an Indian dude. That means I can handle my spices (as well as my mirch, if you're down). I ordered the "Spicy Mad Mex Burrito." Dang dude, it was helllllllla hot. But it was fun to eat. Just get some water and have a good time.
The margaritas were just okay. The "Big Azz Margarita," the house specialty, tasted like store-bought margarita mix and well tequila. I then took the step up to the "Ultimate Margarita," which was stronger in booze but tasted like it was mixed by a tea-totaler (someone who abstains from alcohol) - uh, have you ever tasted a margarita, bro?
They do boast a voluminous tequila catalog, for shots, but I didn't sample anything from it. ... Yet.
Fun atmosphere, attentive service, outdoor seating, nestled in a hidden spot in the middle of a college campus, I would go back.Got here pretty late for drinks and such, but they have really good deals on margaritas and such. Unfortunately, by the time I got there, the drinks' quality seemed like it went down. But for the price, it's not too bad.My first time to try their grilled Mahi Mahi fish tacos. It delicious. I added pico de gallo to my tacos and it complemented the dish perfectly.The only reason gave them 5 stars is because of the server Christi I ended up with and the food.  Today is my birthday and I decided to finally make it to MadMex. Walked in to have a server not look too interested in seating me.  I didn't know whether to go ahead and seat myself. It wasn't even busy.  I finally got seated to get handed a menu and the guy walk off. Didn't ask if I wanted anything to drink or tell me specials at all.  After waiting awhile Christi walked over to me and asked had I been helped.  I told her no.  She introduced herself and I explained it was my birthday and first time in.  She explained the menu and let me know what the different margaritas were along with a new Apple cider margarita she offered sample of.  I decided to go with Strawberry mango margarita. I ordered the grande nachos with taco meat.  Omg the size of the plate fit the name.  Really good and my server actually checked on me.Used to love this place, but it went down hill fast. The Big Ass M flavors are terrible, and you'd be lucky if it comes out mildly frozen. Ask for salt, you'll get sugar and vise versa. The service stinks. If I'm paying nearly $15 for a burrito, at least serve it with a smile. The heavy set women is the worst.Went for the first time, food took ages, it was greasy and really heavy, I got sick a few hours later. I wouldn't recommend this place.Oh how I despise this place with a passion.  I can't say I've ever eaten here but merely based on the personality of the bouncers and staff, I would never choose to go back.
Sure, the booze can be cheap if you like big fruit flavoured drinks and that isn't a bad thing.
My major gripe is the attitude towards international students and their ID.  To be expected to carry around your passport when you have a perfectly valid other form of ID is absurd.  They can whine on and on about people faking them but there is a book for bars (the New Deck has one) that lists all valid international IDs, what to look for in terms of holograms etc to make sure they are real.  It is just sheer lazyness on the part of the staff and that sums the whole place up.Noisy, food doesn't taste right. Don't waste your time/ money.Maybe the burritos are the highlight here? It sure isn't the turkey chili nachos, tasted like cafeteria food. The margaritas were just okay too.I personally LOVE it here! Although sometimes super crowded and the service isn't really quick, I think the atmosphere is fun, the decor is edgy, the music is good and they have the tv on for all sports games. The margaritas are huge and powerful and they offer vegan options for all dairy products! I have yet to find any other Mexican spot with vegan cheeses and sour creams! I think the menu is really fun and creative. You will get a kick out of some of the names and descriptions for dishes . I usually get the happy hippie buritto and the fun guy taquitos! I even love their blue chips and chunky mild salsa although check because sometimes they charge. The margaritas are insane! The "big azzzz" has 7 shots of tequila supposedly. I dare you to drink two! I have yet to see anyone do it and still go out for the night! They are yummy and come in peach and raspberry too! They are really strict on Ids because they are on Penns campus so if you're underage, don't bother. I love sitting outside  during happy hour/ dinner time and relaxing as it is located off street and is quiet. The last time we were there the patio was closed which would be a big drawback for me. They used to have great happy hour and late night specials but double check before you go! I would eat here any day of the week, in fact I crave it sometimes! Actually I may convince the hubby to go tonight! Yummmy!I am one of those Mad Mex fanatics! I have to go here every few weeks. Great selection of brews from local breweries. 
From a dining perspective, I think the food is delicious. I am a vegetarian and there are many vegetarian and vegan options. Highly recommend; potatoe taquitos, black  bean dip, pineapple habanero salsa, the list goes on.
If you get lucky, you will get seated and served by Justine, who is friggin awesome!Star for the Big Azz Margaritas. That is what initially drew us there, that and the boyfriend was feeling Mexican food. The host sat us and we were greeted after a minute or two by our server. It was pretty loud for a Monday night, but I'm assuming this place is popular with local college students. No star for the fact that you have to order your own chips and salsa, although I'm glad we didn't order them. We decided to split Barbacoa Nachos and a large order of wings. The food was nothing special but the portions were hefty and  margaritas were pretty good. Will we go back? Probably but I'd hate to see this place on the weekends.First things first: the food was absolutely delicious. I ordered the Tofu Burrito with the Chickpea Chili Soup lunch special for $8.00. Everything was great, but the service was terrible. The hostess was rude, as was our waitress, AND even the runner who gave us our food. They all had a very snoody, negative attitude. I suggest they start hiring better staff because my experience could have been better if they were more polite and actually cared about the customers.FIRST OFF IMA SAY..... I'M BACK MUTHAFUCKAS!!! THAT FBI SHIT! (cuz pointed out you guys hole in the ceiling) ONLY KNOCKED ME OFF MY PIVOT FOH! Okay so my birthday was yesterday an I didn't do shit so we decided to just come here today for my dinner! First off yall sat us down at a squeaky table so I wasn't feeling yall energy from the Get go, so we had to be seated somewhere else! They wouldn't let me & my girl get a alcoholic beverages because we had to have someone over 25 with us! Mind u we're 21 & 24 years old (I LIKE EM YOUNG ;p) like what type of premy shit is that? Fuck are yall a cabaret? or a Mexican restaurant? I don't knooooo! So i just got a pink lemonade. We ordered our appetizers first which was buffalo wings (WHICH WE HAD TO WAIT 30+ MINS FOR) 6 WINGS!!! THATS IS JUST THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG HONEY!! I ordered the chicken breast wraps with the bbq southwest chipotle sauce an the waffle fries for dinner and my girl got some freaky fajita shit idk ask her, she has her own yelp this is my shit! so while we're eating our food the lights cut off literally just shut off idk if that was the sexual theme or what! You guys service sucks but your food was great! I'm done. I would recommend 9/10 but yall got my post before taken down by the FBI So FUCK YA! ITAKE THIS DOWN IF YOU WANT! I shoulda stole that super hot haberdashery sauce or wtf ever it's called! Thanks for getting that ceiling fixed you're such a doll smooches  PS . (I COULDN'T TAKE ANY PICS OF THE FOOD CUZ IT WAS TOO DARK LMAO)I was put on to Mad Mex like 2 years ago and Ive been a fan ever since. if I'm in or even near Philly its a must stop. Im a huge fan of great beer selections and wings. They have both of those avenues covered! The artist in me loves the decor. All the walls and most of the furniture is covered in what appears to be hand painted murals. My most recent visit was for a quick lunch right when they opened, it wasn't crowded so of course the service was excellent. I have been on a crowded night and even then I wasn't turned off by the service. 
P.S. They ALWAYS have great specials running!
Cascazilla beer 5.
Chicken Mole Burrito 9.75
Fish Tacos 12
Total w/ tax (Philly has a lot of taxes!) 29. (lunch for 2)I was excited to try Mad Mex because I had heard good things about it from friends. I ordered the quesadilla/soup lunch combo to get the best bang for my buck. I chose their chicken tortilla as my soup option and it was awesome! Very smooth with lots of flavor and the perfect amount of lime to make it tangy. There's a special place in my food heart for the tortilla soup at California Pizza Kitchen, but Mad Mex's chicken tortilla soup may have just stolen the title! After having a delectable soup, I had high hopes for the quesadilla but unfortunately it was not as good as I was expecting. There wasn't enough queso in my quesadilla. It was jam packed with onions and chicken, which was good, but I would've liked less of the "toppings" and more cheese. The restaurant has cool decor, although the bathrooms are dark and a bit creepy. I'd like to go back for their happy hour because I've heard their margaritas are good so I'll definitely have to try those for myself  the only downside of this restaurant location is that it's hard to find the first time you go there because it's tucked away in an alley. Their actual address takes you to a completely different part of the street no where near the actual restaurant so you definitely need to go with someone who knows where they're going.This place is always a huge disappointment, but it was my fault to go a second time. Obviously I won't go again. The first time I was there for lunch and the food was mediocre at best. It's hard to mess up a quesadilla but for the price it's not worth it. The second time I went for happy hour, which sounded very appealing, but I never got to try their margaritas because they refused to accept my international ID. The guy then proceeded to suggest that I should bring my passport so they could photocopy it and keep the copy at the back so whenever I came back (as if that would ever happen) they could go look at the copy. In what world does this make sense? Obviously there will be international students at a bar a block away from Penn's campus and obviously no one will be carrying their passport around. Not worth the trip at all.I love this place. I've been to the one in University City and the one at Penn State and they're both a lot of fun. The food is really tasty and there are plenty of vegetarian options. I'm sure it's not the most Authentic Mexican food around, but the food is really good, the menu is a lot of fun, with funny sayings and the drinks are large and delicious. 
My favorite appetizer is the Potato Taquitos, which consists of mashed potatoes, cheese and black beans wrapped in a tortilla. For my entrée, I like the Mad Mex burrito with tofu or the Pico Burrito, but I haven't tried something here that I didn't like. Also, there aren't many places that offer tofu instead of meat or beans, so Mad Mex is a great spot if you are looking for veggie Mexican food. At other Mexican restaurants, I usually have to get a veggie or bean burrito and those choices are usually very limited. Here the menu is extensive and there are tons of veggie options.
Their Big Azz (22 oz.) margaritas hit the spot, and if you are there for Happy Hour (4:30-6:30 p.m.) or late night (10 p.m.-2 a.m.) they are only $7. They are definitely worth it, believe me! They have an impressive beer list for a Mexican restaurant and they have an extensive list of tequila offerings.
All in all, one my favorite spots for Mexican around and the best place to get a margarita in the city.Last night through Grub Hub I ordered fish tacos for myself and chipotle honey BBQ wings for my friend and I have to say we have different reviews of this restaurant.
He indulged in every last piece of meat hanging onto the chicken bones and stated how nothing was better (I don't eat meat so I can't confirm this). I on the other hand was extremely disappointed by the tacos. For a self proclaimed modern Mexican restaurant I expected better. The Mahi-Mahi was overcooked and very dry, the slaw was bland, the chipotle aioli needed a bit of salt and the side dish of rice and beans was simply that - dry and spicy but no flavor. I allowed my friend to try one as well to confirm my taste buds weren't affected by the glass of wine I was drinking and he agreed. So certainly not a place I would return to especially if you're a lover of latin and specifically Mexican cuisine as I am!colossal margaritas, awesome tex-mex fare, reliably good service with a smile, fun crowd, colorful decor - what's not to love?  
i love spicy food in general.  they have lots of spicy food.  i'm talking, you'll be like a fire-breathing dragon after eating some of their spicier dishes, spicy!  order a glass of water w/ your margarita(s), b/c you will otherwise be tempted to drink it like the sweet treat it is then suddenly proclaim in the middle of dinner [like i did], "wow! I AM REALLY DRUNK!"  really, the margaritas are HUGE and sweet.  take your time and enjoy yours.
i have never been a fan of salsa w/ fruit in it, but they have one here that is freaking awesome.  i think it had pineapple in it?  the chickpea chili is just - OMG, nom NOM NOM!!!  i got the pico burrito w/ black beans - also delicious.  i couldn't finish it but oh my damn was it the best midnight snack later on that evening.  the menu is pretty funny w/ spanglish titles - my vegetarian burrito was found under the section titled "burritos para los vegheads," and there's one in that section titled "the angry hippie burrito" LOL!   the varied wings are listed simply as "los wingos" and while i don't remember the flavor my friend had, i remember them being very tender and cilantro-y when i tasted.  yum.  score again, mad mex. 
everyone in our party of 5 was happy, and not just b/c of their margaritas.  very tasty food and an all-around good experience.  yeah, it's a chain, but it's pretty damned good for chain fare.  i'm kind of sad they don't have any locations in the DC area.  i will definitely go back next time i'm in PA.  who wants to be my designated driver?I went for lunch and got the lunch special, which was a good deal.  I got a cup of soup (spicy black bean that was WAY too spicy and not that flavorful, and I like hot foods) and a portabella quesadilla, which was delicious, for $7.50.  Got a small margarita, which was kind of weird tasting.  Good thing is that it's easy to be a vegetarian here: items are well labeled, and there's plenty of options.  Bad thing is that the service is pretty awful.  It was fine, I'll probably go back since it's conveniently located by Penn, but it's not awesome.  Maybe coming during drink special time would improve the experience- but then you'd be surrounded by drunk college students.  Hmmm.We stopped in for dinner one night on a whim and will never be back. It was so loud we could barely hear each other from across the table. The decor was ridiculous and obnoxious. We had to purchase the chips and salsa, which was surprising at a Mexican restaurant. The menu claimed "(the chips) don't taste free," which I guess is fair since I've had free tortilla chips that were far superior many times. Not only that but our server forgot to bring them to us until after our entrees were ready. The food was completely unmemorable. So much for decent Mexican food in University City.The was food was good. They have a variety of beer and cocktails. The price was really cheap.I recommend going here for a few margaritas and sitting at the bar.
I'm not a fan of their Mexican food so I just stick to their drinks and sometimes appetizers if I'm in university city earlier on a Friday or Saturday evening.It sucks that I had a bad experience in this place because I'm a really big fan of Mexican food. In general the food was pretty decent, the churros with nutella were excellent. The thing that threw me off was the service, I was waiting 45 minutes for a drink, a basic sangria. We waited 1 hour and 15 minutes for the food, the waiter barely ever came around. I think waiting for food sucks the most that's why I'm giving them 2 stars, also my food was cold.This was really a terrible meal, and I almost never say that about anywhere. Usually, restaurant food tastes good to me because who doesn't love eating out? Even though I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, we had been to a different Mad Mex location, and I thought it was good, if not anything to write home about (or would the phrase be "text home about" nowadays? Anyway, I digress.)
We came by on the day of upenn's graduation, quite by coincidence. Since we wanted a booth, we waited a while. They text when your table is ready. Which was basically the highlight of the meal.
Our waitress was not at all amiable. She had some piercings, including her nose, which were off putting. Like if you want to put multiple holes in your head, then go for it, have at it, Etc. But if you're the one serving my food, it just looks dirty and unkempt. She also literally SLAMMED down my water glass after refilling it. Like I jumped, and my boyfriend commented on it, so I know it wasn't my imagination .
Finally, there was the food. I got a chicken quesadilla, which was bland. The real problem was the chicken was cut in HUGE chunks. The result was very chewy chicken in a quesadilla that was hard to eat and ultimately not worth the effort. After finally flagging down our waitress (with much effort), we were not in the mood to wait around for dessert.
There's plenty of good restaurants in the area. Just skip over this discombobulated mess.2.5 stars. I've been to two other MadMex locations (South Hills, PA & Wynnewood) and this was by far the most average one I've ever been to. Chips which are seemingly made fresh at the other locations I've been to showed up stale-tasting here. My family enjoyed their meals but since I've experienced the other locations, I felt that everything was sub par. I'm mad because I totally hyped up this place and I regret not insisting that we go to the Wynnewood location. SERIOUSLY. Don't knock this place off your list until you try another location. I'm convinced this one just doesn't know what's up. MadMex is one of my fav restaurants but the UC location definitely dropped the ball.The food definitely leaves a lot to be desired, but the drink specials are pretty good and our experience with their service was great.
Tortilla soup was meh, Max Mex quesadilla shrimp was incredibly bland... even for bar food, this still disappointed. Highlight of my meal was actually the cilantro-lime dressing for my salad, which was more like a pesto and surprisingly delicious. I'd say eat somewhere else first and then come here (if you must) to drink.
On that note, however... I don't know if we caught them on a bad day (not that that's an excuse), but the water just didn't taste right. Had a sip of someone else's beer which also tasted a bit off, which led me to believe that they are not cleaning their glasses very well... kinda gross. Hope that was just a fluke!
If you must go to Mad Mex, approach with caution -- there are much better places to get cheap drinks and (actually) decent food in University City (Landmark Americana, Drinker's West, etc.).It seems unlikely that I could consume 60 oz. of margarita in under two hours and live to tell the tale unless the drinks were, shall we say, less than full strength. 
I didn't even have a hangover! 
That said, the margaritas (stick with the plain) taste yummy and during happy hour they surely are the right price: $6 for the 22 oz Big Azz. I forget how much the mere 16 oz cost. XX Cheese Dip ($5.75) is spicy and gooey and great to soak up the booze -- just remember it's queso, not actual cheese. 
Do your best to arrive early, especially on nice days when the patio is the best place in the world to relax with your drinks and chips. Staff from Penn fill the place at 5 if the students haven't already.Mad Mex is one of my favorite little-big spots on Penn's campus.  The first time I went, I had to read every little thing on the menu because it was chock-full of quirky descriptions and silly names.  I dig that sort of thing.  They also do late night student discounts and a good happy hour.
They have awesome margaritas and have  a variety of flavors listed next to the draft list behind the bar.  The pumpkin spice margarita tastes just like boozy applesauce.  Get them frozen and get them big azz for a fun night.  
I'm all about the Pennsyltucky Fried Tofu.  All of the quesadillas are also bangin'   I wish they had more taco types or a mix-n-match deal, but still like what they have.
So check this place out!they do have a lot of veg*n options (including soy cheese & tofutti sour cream)!  i think my favourite is the super mad mex burrito, the spicy spinach is great and the portobello is the best swap.
now onto the not-so-great, it's incredibly loud, so if you're waiting at the bar for takeout (which will be at least twenty-mintues) you're bound to have some dude screaming in your face with beer breath (double yuck!!!) or offering to buy you drinks (yikes, i'm not lonely, i'm just here for the burritos!).  i've had all pleasant experiences with the staff, but other people i know have had order mix-ups (dairy not soy) and bad incidents, so it's at your own risk.
bottom line, good for late night, but i would call ahead, get-in, get-out and eat comfortably (with no beer-breath-lurkers) at home.2* - Service 
2.5* - environment
1.5* - food
For the price, the quality of the food is way below average. 
If they had a one liner it would probably be "we just don't give a sh*t"
Its probably the most I have spent on food that I did not want to eat, in many many years.My last visit was more than I hoped for. Quite a difference. I understand that eateries which exist along the beaten path tend to change like the wind... consequently, I feel ever so compelled to update my last experience. Bravo Mad Mex...bravo!Mad Mex is a regional chain that specializes in big @zz margaritas and tex-mex food.
Happy hour is great here. Good selection of craft beers and mixed drinks, but the margaritas are the star. Also have a late night happy hour and discounts for college kids.
Food can be hit or miss (hence the 3 stars). I recommend the fish tacos, burritos, and the pittsburgh salad (steak salad with fries in it).Went here for late dinner Saturday night, it was super busy but wait only 10 minutes. Service was slow but staff was nice & food was great. I got boneless wings with chipotle sauce and waffle fries and it was great. $12 I think. Plays loud, good music. Definitely recommendA large group of friends and I went to Mad Mex after our board exam.  We were looking forward to tasty drinks and food after a very stressful few weeks.  To our dismay, our server was surly from the moment he saw us.  We ordered plenty of alcoholic beverages, appetizers, and food, yet our server still remained antagonistic.  He was so terrible that I wanted to argue the 18% automatic gratuity with the manager.  Some friends begged me not to make a scene, but I was livid about paying for the terrible service.  Even worse, four of us were sick with fatigue and diarrhea for 2-3 days after our lunch.  I wonder if our server did something to our food or drinks.   We will never eat here again and have encouraged others to avoid this place.  Terrible service and mediocre food.  Spend your money elsewhere.Great location. Mad Mex is definitely in a fun part of the city which makes their outdoor seating option clutch in nice weather. The atmosphere inside is also fun but slightly too dark. As for their food, they definitely do the Mexican style well with so many creative borritto options! Even their wings were delicious! (Although slightly pricy) good thing I came on a Tuesday night for half off wings! I was disappointed in the lack of friendliness of their staff. Overall though, good experience.I love this place! The margaritas are large and in charge, and delicious too! My favorite is raspberry. The difference between these margaritas and most margaritas I've had in the past are that they actually have little pieces of the fruit in them. If you go at the right time, you can get their largest margaritas for a couple dollars off, which ends up being a great price. The place itself has a great atmosphere. The lights are dimmed at night and you can sit at the bar or get a table. My favorite part is that if there's a wait for a table, you give them your phone number and they'll text you when a table is ready for you! Genius! No more carrying around and staring at a box until it lights up and vibrates like normal restaurants have you do. The food is great too. I've had the nachos multiple times and I can't stop eating them until the plate is clean. A definite good recommendation!Lucky us! We came here during happy hour (4-6:30). It included half off of the wings and the drinks. 
Their margaritas are yum. I tried their black cherry and strawberry mango. Both were really good. I loved how the strawberry mango had real fruit.The wings! We got Soutwestern. Flavor consisted of cilantro, olive oil and garlic. Presentation wise, it looks horrible. But don't let that fool you, these wings are pretty delicious. 
We got other stuff as well. It was good. If you're looking for traditional Mexican food, I wouldn't suggest going here. It's a bit Americanized.
Our server was extremely nice and attentive to our table. However, asking the hostess where the bathroom is a different story. Extremely rude, I came up to the stand to ask where the bathroom was. He pointed his finger up and told me to wait in a rude tone. Fortunately, another hostess intervened and told me where it was. 
The food is good, but not so much the service. 
Food wise, 4 stars.
Service wise, 2 stars. 
Note: Have to be 21+ and older, even if you just want to eat.Not sure what's going on here but the service needs to be corrected quick. To walk into an establishment and not even be acknowledged isn't a good start. Standing at a hostess station waiting to be seated with noone around. Eventually a flustered employee came over while one was in a corner cussing at the register. A guest got up and asked could they finally get a server to their table. Really made me consider leaving then because clearly service was lacking already. My server I started off with while waiting on friend to arrive was nice and attentive. 
Guess it was shift change because ended up with a very arrogant server Riley. My friend and I both didn't like her attitude or how she was speaking to us. We waited over 45 minutes for our food. If anyone was going to have an attitude it could have easily been us. It wasn't even busy in there unless you count 4 tables as being busy. It took a lot for me to even leave her a tip with that attitude and lack of attention Riley was giving. This was my second time visiting and not sure if going back.Food is a 4 of 5 but the staff made me feel like I was doing a favor by eating here. No help. Just leaving my sister in laws birthday and they told us no birthdays allowed. Wouldn't come back.i used to go  here a lot when i was in college (~4-5yrs back). I came back here after a long hiatus, and noticed food wasn't as great as it used to be... especially the wings. margarita is okay (nothing compared to el-vez's margarita). I guess you can get a great deal during happy hours... It's a decent place for hang outs if you're in west philly, but probably not my first choice when it comes to mexican food and margaritas/ wings.Easily one of my favorite places in University City. The margaritas never fail you, the food always leaves you full and satisfied, the atmosphere is fun and social, and the servers are always cool. 
The trick about Mad Mex is to only go during the deals because then you have a huge meal and drink for ~$13. There are two main times to go, afternoon for happy hora (4:30-6pm) or late night (10pm-12am;11pm-1am for student discount). During happy hora, margaritas are $3.30(tax included) for 12oz and $7.70 for 22oz. Here's the trick: get two small ones and then you get more margarita for about a dollar less. During this time there is also half off wings. I highly recommend the San Francisco wings. For late night there are two deals going on: first, from 10-midnight you have your well know Big Azz margaritas (the 22oz for $7.70). There's also a deal on beers I think. From 11pm-1am, if you're a student, you get half off anything you order (excluding tacos, chimis, and fajitas I think) with your student ID. Warning, they only give you one half off entree per student ID. So go during the sweet spot, 11-midnight, and you will be one smart cookie. 
I was a regular for the past year and got to know a fee servers on a first name basis. Shout out to Angel for always being the best. If you have her, trust you are in great hands. 
My personal recommendations: every month, they have a seasonal margarita flavor. March is Kiwi, and it is the best I've ever had, hands down. Please get your margaritas frozen. It's just so much better. Next, I get the Jersey Chips (waffle fries) with a friend, so we each end up paying $1.75 after the student discount. It comes with a spicy cheese dip (amazing!) and ranch. Or get the chips and guac. There guacamole is really yummy and has large pieces of avocado and onion. If you have a group of more than 3, split the nachos.My first mad mex experience was in Pittsburgh, so I can't help to compare the drinks and food in Philadelphia. The margaritas in Pitt were stronger and the san francisco wings taste better too. Although this gives me my mad mex fix, Big Burrito, the parent company, should definitely do some quality control.
It gets hectic in Mad Mex, but to have waiters and waitresses confused as to what table belongs to whom, seems ridiculous. After we order our drinks, it's a pretty long wait. During happy hour, knowing it's busy, we'll order our last drinks a half hour before the end of happy hour, but if they bring it after the happy hour we don't get the happy hour special. I find that unfair and their excuse invalid.I usually go here for happy hours after work. The highlight of a mad mex trip is their margaritas. They taste quite good. Unfortunately, they aren't quite at potent as Copabanana, but they're still a good deal on happy hour. The food can vary. Their wings are usually good, and are on special during happy hour. However, one time I went here the wings were overdone and were dry as a result. Their Mexican food is okay. It's pretty bland, but not particularly bad. I find that the nachos don't have enough cheese on them (they use real cheese, not cheese sauce). However, the queso they serve with fries or with just chips is really good. The service is adequate, but they may occasionally forget to bring you something you asked for. One thing to keep in mind is that It can be hard to get a table early in the evening during the school year. Overall, I will keep going back for its convenience and the happy hour, but this definitely isn't a place I would go to just for the food or service.I can say that this place has a cool atmosphere, both indoor and out; I can also say that their drink selection looks terrific, with a well-rounded beer list (I saw a dunkelweizen on tap, which deserves a pat on the back) and a nice variety of flavored margaritas.
Alas, I'm generally in University City for work, not play. With just lunch in mind, I came by recently and had a steak burrito, which was weirdly square-shaped, and stuffed with awkwardly large chucks of steak - a regular amount of beef for a burrito, but cut so large that the thing was a pain to consume.
Drinks look great here, but for lunch (especially burritos), you're better off at the food carts on Spruce.Prices are fair and the food is ALWAYS great (especially the "Gobblerito" - on the menu around Thanksgiving). I've visited many times and have never had a bad meal. The happy hour, 4:30-6:30 on week days, is a great deal. You should show up early if you want a table or a seat at the bar. It gets VERY crowded very quickly.
There is quite a bit of seating so it's good for a date or a larger group of people. Knocking a star because of the environment. They tend to play pretty loud music, louder than most restaurants/bars. On one occasion I had to shout at my boyfriend across the table and couldn't even hear him because the people next to us were (understandably) shouting as well.
Overall, a decent place to eat with friendly and efficient staff. We'll continue to drop by for drinks and dinner.