Went here with my parents and my brother after ice skating. Had a wonderful evening. Food was absolutely fantastic. For appetizers, we got the fried mozzarella and the spinach and artichoke dip. Probably the best that I've had in a while. For dinner, I had the fettuccine Alfredo and pomegranate italian soda. Both were yummy. Our server Ashton was awesome and very attentive. Overall, great place to go for a filling dinner. Will definitely return!Best gluten free crab cakes I've ever had!!!! My two children and I have celiac and the staff was so accommodating and knowledgeable of the seriousness of the disease.  You rock Chief Santiago!!!Big fan of Maggiano's.  For me it ranks a little behind Carmine's as far as family style Italian joints go, but its pretty darn good.  Been to this particular location on a few occassions.  One of which was New Years Eve with a party of about a dozen.  Wait staff is great and they replenish the food and drinks rather quickly.  Never had anything I didn't enjoy here.  A little tough to dine with just a party of two because the portions are so large.  I recommend a group of 4 or more and make reservations.  The first time we attempted to dine here a few years ago we were told it was an hour and a half wait.  If you love Italian then I don't think Maggiano's will disappoint you.I came here for the first time last Sunday with a party of 14. My girlfriend and her cousins were taking their grandparents out for a surprise lunch in the city. We were early for our noon reservation, but were seated immediately. We had 2 waiters for our table, and both were very good. No one had to wait at any time through the meal for a refill on their drinks. We ordered everything family style. For appetizers we had the fried calamari, stuffed mushrooms, and Maggianos salad. The calamari was obviously frozen, and had way to much breading. Not impressive. The stuffed mushrooms were very good. The stuffing consisted of breadcrumbs, spinach, and mozzarella. For our entrees we had the chicken parm, 4 cheese ravioli, salmon, and the spinach and chicken manicotti. The chicken parm was dry. There was barely any marinara sauce on top, and it did not come with spaghetti noodles, just the breast on the plate. The salmon had a lemon taste to it, and was not of a high quality. I would not recommend it. The ravioli were tender and had a good taste. The best dish was by far the manicotti. If I returned here, I would get that. For dessert, we had the cheesecake and apples and ice cream. Both were very good, but nothing special. The service was top notch however, all the way through the end of the meal. With all the excellent Italian places in Philly, it is hard to say I would go back here for average food. I will say, that as far as Italian chain restaurants go, this was the best I have been to.Yes its a chain.  You cant really tell its a chain though......
I've been here multiple times in the last few years.  I have always had decent service and thought the food was good to really good.  If you want to try to compare it to the big chains such as Olive Garden and Carrabbas, this place beats them hands down every time.  Better decor, better menu selections, and huge portions of food!
You cant always please everyone.  For me, this is a great place to eat dinner or entertain clients.  Huge good portions of food and the best part is the prices.  Cheap prices for decent food in downtown Philly!  I'm not sure why people that dislike chain restaurants write bad reviews about them?   I don't really like them either, but i give credit where credit is due.  This is a good place.This place is an exact three stars. The food is good, not great, and the service isn't bad, but not as fast and attentive as it could be. This place has a lot of seating and a large menu with something for everyone. With so many cozy little byob's in town with much better food,  I'd say skip Maggiano's and check one of them out instead.What happened to Maggiano's??? Was given a gift card and was excited for a night out. Service was awful, food was really bad. Only high point was the bread. Was hoping for better. Glad the gift card is at $0.Excellent food. I loved the build your own bruschetta. The bread if also very delicious. Will come back.We got a great table on a busy night. I ordered the filet and mashed potatoes. Both were cooked perfectly and was exactly what I was craving. Friendly, attentive service. Great atmosphere. Easily walkable from many of the hotels in City Center. I'm impressed!Excellent Italian restaurant with lots of seating.  Service was excellent, but the food came out so fast (like in 5 minutes!), it was almost too fast.  In fact, the server forgot to bring the salad to my colleague.  That said, I ordered the half plate, per the servers recommendation, and it was still huge.  
Pros:  Excellent food, nice atmosphere, not too noisy, friendly service.
Cons: Food came out almost too fast, especially if you are wanting to socialize a bit. Forgot salad, but didn't charge for it.I have had the opportunity to dine at Maggiano's Philadelphia and Chicago and I find the food to be amazing, not to mention their excellent service! I usually have the calamari as appetizer, chicken Piccata for entrée and a sampler cheesecake for dessert.So disappointing. Shrimp Diablo is supposed to be, well, Diablo, or hot and spicy. My grandmother would have said, "this tomato alfredo is delicious." No spice and when asked, we commented about it. "Out normal customers don't like it very spicy."  then don't order diablo!! 
My "filet and risotto", which I pictured to be a small filet, medium rare, surrounded with risotto, was 7 pinky strips of well done steak (not sure it was filet) on a bed of pasty, overdone risotto. 
Seriously, how have we entered such a Mecca of underwhelming food? Even with his meal comped, our bill was nearly $100 with two drinks. Just say no. Go to the Market. Or Bar-lys. Anywhere but here.This was my first time at a Maggiano's. I was impressed. I had the filet and it was amazing. My server, Allie, was by far one of the best servers I've ever had. I highly recommend!Welcome to the Cheesecake Factory of Italian food. It's a chain, yes, but let's face it, chains are successful for a reason.
Maggiano's is the SAFE authentic Italian restaurant you want to go to when you want a LOT of food, a lot of people, and the look of an old authentic Italian restaurant. 
Even though Philly has many Italian restaurants (Ralphs for example) Maggiano's is high enough on the authenticity meter to keep in your Italian restaurant rotation anyway. As a chain there are few surprises and little if any disappointments, they are the vanilla Italian restaurant but still delivery with huge portions, good prices, and good quality food. You lose a bit of your hipster cred by eating here if you give a damn about that sort of silliness.
Everything I've had here has always been great. Even their plain side-dish spaghetti is still good quality and fresh enough that unless you grew up eating nothing but Italian food and knit-picking how much basil/oregano was thrown on top of half your food you'll be happy here. I also had the chicken parm and thought it was perfect. I've made that dish enough times myself to know they hit it dead on. 
Overall, no regrets and no complaints, would definitely come back.This past Friday armed with a reservation for 7:00 and a gift card, Dining Partner and I took on Maggiano's. We've been here plenty of times, but usually only when we have a gift card or an event held here. The restaurant was very crowded and very loud, as it has been every time we've been here. Our waiter Ryann was friendly and thoguhtful when recommending dishes for us. Dining partner had a side Caesar salad for an appetizer and I had the fried zucchini.  The fried zucchini portion was huge, in fact I ate it for three meals. The dipping sauce for the zucchini was so delicious. When our waiter Ryann recommended some options for entrees, he told us the lighter takes were pretty good. Lighter take is a smaller portion/lower calorie dish than the traditional classics. Dining Partner ate all of his veal marsala (lighter take) and I ate about half of my Fettuccine Alfredo (lighter take) that came with grilled chicken and asparagus.  For dessert, we stuffed ourselves with the Chocolate Zuccotto Cake. If you've ever seen the movie Matilda think of Bruce eating the chocolate cake. This "piece" of cake was HUGE. This latest experience at Maggiano's has altered my automatic dismissal of chain restaurants. The food, service, and experience was really great and I had plenty of leftovers to take home.Stopped in for lunch after touring Phila and the Reading Market.  Have been to Maggiano's before for dinner and thought it was good so stopped back for lunch today.  Very pleasant waitress Jill offered drinks and explained menu.  I asked about the soups and she suggest a cup of an Italian sausage with white beans.  Only problem with suggestion was she only recommended a cup.  It was delicious and very tasty.  
I got a Chicken Caprese salad with a white balsamic vinaigrette.  Salad was very good only negative was chicken.   Not much and very dry.  Everything else very good.  Other order was Chef Mann's Country Style Pasta.  Excellent light sauce, good pasta and great meatballs.
The bread they serve is outstanding.  Very chewy crust with light body.  Excellent dipped in olive oil on table or butter.  Even better dipped in soup.For the cheap price you pay, you get a good amount of food and the quality is decent. I love the bread they give you. The salad isn't bad, the dressing that they give you is pretty good.
The angel hair with sausage is light since the pomodoro sauce is very little but I wish they chopped up the sausage and offered more. The Spaghetti with meat sauce is a solid option with a good amount of meat in the sauce. It was sweet but not overbearing. The 3rd pasta dish i tried was the pesto linguine with chicken. The chicken chunks were moist but there weren't enough. The pesto linguine was a bit oily and didni't offer too much flavor. However, i can't really complain since we paid so little for the amount of food that we were served. A solid carbo load option around the area.it was my first time at Maggiano's and I will def be back, My drink was peach lemonade and started off with the bread which was very soft and good, dipped in oil and parm cheese, my appetizer was calamari, and my dish was pasta everything I tasted was delicious.
It was packed which was expected being that it was Saturday evening but I must say as far as location you will need to have about extra $30.00 for parking because if your able to get a parking spot its all luck.Called ahead with menu selections for my bachelorette party and food was pouring out the second we arrived- and they were PACKED. Nice personal touch in a dessert was kind. Service was spectacular in my opinion and the food is above average for a chain restaurant.Solid chain-fare that offers great bang-for-the buck.  Consistently comfortable food in an atmospheric ambiance. Nice lighting. Casual comfortable food and wine. Good chicken Frances. Friendly service. With food offered late night (till 11) it's an asset around the Convention Center.Solid place for an Italian chain.  Stopped in for a late dinner and sat in the bar area. Attentive service from Brian my waiter- and he was the only one working the entire area.  Had the bruschetta bar as a shared appetizer.  Delicious choices- candied bacon, roasted pear, strawberry chutney and tomato.  Wow!!! Had a Chopped Salad side- huge portion and yummy (a little watery on the bottom but wasn't anything I'd send back).  Split the Taylor Street Rigatoni.  Service was great, food yummy and drinks and wine selection were above average.  Great, consistent place for a good meal anytime.Their tiramisu is phenomenal - best in Philly.  The only tiramisu I have ever had that was better was at La Geana's in Bluebell (which ran $12 a slice back in 1998; Maggiano's is about $6 I think).
This place isn't cheap, about $25-35 a person, but if you want top quality food/service for your money, it's totally worth it. So, it's not over-priced one bit. It's also great for large groups and for splitting orders.
Everything I have eaten here is yummy. They demand excellence from their servers and the environment is pretty nice too.
It's best to get a reservation in advance.
food - 5 stars
menu - 5 stars
service - 5 stars
environment - 4 stars
location - 5 stars
This is unquestionably the best Italian restaurant in Philly.The crab cakes were very good and the focaccia was ok (too much tomato sauce for my tastes).  Their cheesecake is very good.   We also used them for a private reception and they did ok.  Their pricing scheme is not very transparent and they ended up overcharging us (then refunding the excess).I want to first start by saying that this is my favorite place to eat.  I eat at the King of Prussia location all the time.   
On this particular evening we were in philly for the weekend and decided to celebrate my best friends birthday.   There were five of us.   The experience was awful to start.  We waited 20 min for oil and I'm not even kidding.  Then are server Charlie came over to apologize for not getting to us right away and he also said he was new and they were short staffed and his manager put him on the floor.   We all ordered drinks and that took quite some time.    We finally got to order our food (by this point we have already been there an hour and seen other tables come and go).  We get our 1st course (we ate family style) then Charlie gets our entree selections.    Well, we got our entrees one hour and 15 min later.   That is not an exaggeration because we were so bored we kept track of the time.  During that time of waiting we complained to the manager who didn't really seem to understand why we were even complaining.   I have had bad service before but this took the cake.   He offered us a free round of drinks which again took 28 min to get to our table and we still didn't have our food.  It turns out Charle never put out food in or confused us with another table.   I really don't know what went wrong.   Where is management at this point and why don't they see that we have nothing.  I am a manager and trust me when I say I know without a doubt by looking at a table, I know where they are within the continuum of there dinner experience.    
We got our bill and it was over 200 dollars for what seemed to be the worst meal of our lives.   A friend of mine called and spoke with the manager and he said "well we gave you free drinks".   I'm sorry but I have been in the service industry for over 15 years and a free round of drinks doesn't even come close to what we deserved.   I'm not saying we wanted a free meal but we did want to be heard.    Maybe a gift card would have been nice.  
I do want to say that I don't give Charlie all the blame.   He was nice enough but had no clue how to prioritize and time our table.   I do blame management for thinking he was ready.   I would rather have waited an hour for our table then got the service that we got.I wish I could remember our servers NAME, I am horrible! Anyway, he was so nice and made the experience very pleasant on a crowded Friday evening. My boyfriend and I were just walking by and decided to celebrate a late anniversary. I wasn't expecting much in terms of customer service because I just wanted Italian food so, the service exceeded my expectations and then some. 
Book ahead with OpenTable to avoid long wait times, IT WAS JAM PACKED. We were lucky enough to get a table by constantly refreshing the page and booking through the site.We really loved this Italian eatery. Some of the best lasagna that I have ever put on mouth!! Would highly recommend.This is my first time in Maggiano and I am a little bit disappointed with the service. It is so slow. I have to wait more than half an hour between the appetizer and pasta to come out. There is no bread on the table too. I ordered it and it took 15 minutes for me to get the bread. So most of the time I have to just sit on the table without any food to eat. The food is excellent though. I gave 5 stars for the food.This is a very tasty location with great service.  It was our 1st night in Philly and we decided to eat here.  We found a varied menu with everything from shrimp scampi to bruschetta.  Our food arrived at our table about 20 minutes after we ordered and for four people, that's quick!  I found it decently priced but it was very tasty food.  I definitely recommend the shrimp scampi.  Dessert was also quite good.  I had Gigi's Butter Cake which was supposed to be sticky but it was crumbly instead.  It came with whipped cream and fresh strawberries.  Our waiter was very nice and quite efficient.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes traditional Italian food.Not sure what is going on, but I have dined at the a few Maggiano's locations (Las Vegas, Scottsdale, San Jose) and this Philadelphia location was so-so. I usually order the same dish no matter where I am. Here in Philly it was lackluster, needed seasoning, and just was bland. With many Philly dining options in the area, I won't likely be heading to this one.  But then again, maybe staff was having an off night?If it works why not go two nights in a row. This is a bottomless Italian food orgy. Big portions and fine service make for a very nice dining experience. We were seated in a private room with 40 ravenous student-athletes that devoured every morsel. The brioche rolls are served HOT. The salads are fresh and tasty topped with some of their own salad dressing recipes. The pastas are Al Dente with a wide variety of sauces and meat combinations. We had chicken both nights- Chicken Parmigiana the first night and Chicken Piccata on night two. Both were really good. My favorite of all was the butternut squash ravioli --Wow, this was soooo good! To finish off the dinners we were treated by the manager with a plate very small delicate lemon cookies. They have a very bold lemon flavor with a sweet finish. If your eyes are bigger than your belly, remember to box up the leftovers and you will feast for the rest of the week on these amazing dishes.Delicious dinners-5 of us -great eggplant parm-it melted in your mouth, tasty  veal parm-all of our dinners were great!  Service was excellent-will definitely return on our next visit to Philly!Nice spot, chain, ...eh.
I was in town for a convention and since this place is right across the street from the Marriott, we couldn't help but stop in. 
The GOOD: lovebird special, your choice of appetizer (we got calimari), 2 main courses (Filet medallions for me), a dessert (cheesecake!) and 2 drinks (a glass of red wine) for only $70.
The BAD: they cant cook a steak to save their lives. but hey, even though it was over cooked, they covered it in a nice sauce so that hopefully I would have forgotten how I ordered it (med rare). 
Overall: about as good as a chain restaurant could get with an Italian theme.I am an avid eater and quite the fan of Italian restaurants. I was in Philly this weekend for the Independence Day Regatta and decided to go out to Maggiano's Little Italy with five of my close friends for a nice dinner. I made a reservation for 6 people at 6:45 and when we arrived at 6:44 the table was not ready. We ended up waiting for about 15 minutes before being seated. I decided it would be best to put that frustration behind me. The bread was delicious, which is something that matters a lot to me, but unfortunately it aided in what made this dining experience such a disaster. I filled my bread plate up with oil and balsamic vinegar, as one might normally do, but had a lot left over. In fact, there were plates on either side of me that had substantial amounts of leftover oil and vinegar. When the waitress came to clear our plates, she spilled the two small bread dishes on the table and on my clothes. She did not apologize nor did she offer seltzer water and a fresh napkin to clean it up. My friends asked to see the manager and once again I got no satisfaction- just a small "I'm sorry." No offer for a free drink, dessert, or entree! It made me sad and my favorite jacket is now permanently stained. Very, very tragic. 
The 7-11 next door had a very good deal on Gatorade... 2 for $3!4 of us went on a Friday @ 6, place was half full. Service was great...friendly and efficient. We started with the "street food" apps, half of them were ok and half were salty. Two of us got the veal marsala after finding out they made their own veal stock for the dish and it was pretty good.  One got gnocchi, which was so salty and loaded with cheese he was only able to eat half of it. Another got the lasagna, which was also loaded with salt.
I can't figure out what was going on in that kitchen with the extremely salty food, drinks were good.  But I could never recommend this restaurant to anyone.
This is very convenient to all the Marriott hotels in the area, but please don't go and expect good Italian food.Loved it here had the best service , great food I went here for my graduation dinner & they surprised me with a special dessert enough for 2 people it was beautiful.a great italian place to take a group of friends or a date.  i love this place to dine in and take out.  they have a great wine selection and the service is good too.  i recommend the gnocci and the pine nut and pesto linguine.Okay a chain, and I have spent thousands at the one in King of Prussia and other places around the country for meetings rooms for business and sales. 
This review is for a personal non-business experience.  I was cashing in some Marriott points (across the street which is nice because it was 9 degrees F)  I was STUNNED by how nice Filbert St. looks compared to the 70s and 80s when it was the north side of the Reading Terminal.  
i went with my wife and daughter after visiting my uncle by Rittenhouse Square. We launched my son at 30th Street to ride Amtrak back to NYC/Long Island.   My paternal and fraternal families came to the US from Ireland and settled in Philadelphia in the 1880s.  (legally :-)  )   I went to school in the 1970s at Drexel my wife to LaSalle University.  We know Philly well........go Egg-els.  Fly!!!!!!!
We had a reservation because it is a Friday night and New Years weekend and the tourist count was VERY high.  place was packed and its NOT small.  We were 3 minutes early and waited about 10 minutes and were pleasantly seated.  Hostesses were super friendly.
Greg our waitstaff was swift and accommodating, efficient and knowledgeable.
My spouse's drinks were (by our now New York experience)  decent size and nice potency (lemon drop martini) and my daughter and I had water and club soda with lemon that was endless and always full.
I got a vegetarian minestrone (has no pasta) that was really very very good, and hot was the call on this cold cold night.  For health reasons I try to avoid gluten/processed grains and also dairy.  This is did have probably cheese rind that gave it a great buttery cheese flavor and texture.   Vegetarian not whole food plant based or vegan.  
My wife got a chicken piccata with a fantastic topping and capers and a side of homemade vermicelli.  She is a fantastic cook herself so when this gets high marks ....I was impressed.
Finicky daughter requested an off the menu rigatoni al la vodka that i tested and it was a nice homemade sauce/gravy of small chunky tomatoes and a nice flavor.  She said it was "awesome".....I was relieved.
I was a little more selective as usual, and requested a gluten free pasta (penne) and an all vegetable (no cheese) plate.  It was very wonderful and served promptly and HOT! 
The crew had a hankering (even though it was single digits outside) some gelato.  and we were disappointed by the limited "dessert" options.  (meaning no gelato at an Italian themed restaurant) 
So we ran south two block to Samson on 13 to a gelato specialty place that was FANTASTIC as well.
Mission accomplished - great job Maggiano's on Filbert.Huge location, but almost always empty. Food and service are decent. I hear it used to be a lot more popular. I don't think I've ever seen another person under 30 here.The food is subpar, I think Olive Garden has a better selection and better taste. The service is ok, the waitress was polite and a bit chatty which I appreciate. It is conveniently located in the area where all the major hotels are other than that don't see a reason to come back.When it comes to Italian cuisine, Maggiano's is one of my FAVORITES. I've come here numerous times throughout the years and everything I've gotten was delicious. Although at times the calamari appetizer would seem to be smaller portions than other times; when this happened I would let the manager or waiter/waitress know. I LOOOOVVEEE seafood & macaroni!! Their Limoncello is awesome as well! I love that they have a "family style" menu for tables of 4 or more!!So disappointed ... Soup served cold and pasta was awful! It was my 1st time this place and I won't coming back and not recommend to others ! Carrabba's Italian place is much better than here !Came here on a Saturday for lunch during the Flower Show. Unfortunately, they weren't really serving lunch. Only options were breakfast food off their brunch menu or dinner entrees. But even the eggs Benedict wasn't done right; eggs came out over-cooked. The waiter took them back, but the eggs still weren't really runny when they came out a second time. And the muffin was hard as a rock; didn't even bother eating it. However, their $2 mimosas helped. I wouldn't recommend Maggiano's  for brunch. If you happen to go during lunchtime on a weekend, get a salad or a flatbread from the "starter" menu.Don't think they need business. Sat on hold with no response trying to place a pick-up order.Have been in Philly for a month on business and this was by far the best food experience I've had since I've been here! Our server, Kim, was amazing and informed us of the monthly specials as soon as we sat down. She recommended a few things and immediately took our drink/ app order. Moscato sangria was AMAZING, but very sweet so we switched to Pinot afterwards. Generous pours! 
Cannot put into words how amazing the bruschetta bar was. We then ordered our meals- I had the chicken Marsala and my boyfriend ordered a special. We loved it! 
Had to try desert, and ended up getting the sampler even though we were stuffed. 10/10- especially the apple crisp. 
We were weary about coming here- especially with the 3 1/2 star reviews but we absolutely did not regret it and will be returning once we're in the area again!As an Italian, I can't give any chain a 5 star, but this place has some charm. The food was good, but the atmosphere was loud. You couldn't even walk in the doorway to put your name on the list. The servers were nice, but not overly attentive.I havent stepped foot into a soothing, elegant atmosphere before in a long time. It has a pricey feel with a warm invite. Exceptional service & food you can taste the home country love baked right in. I will return. 
-@apbsllc 
www.anotherplanetbarbershopllc.com
808 South St Philadelphia, PA 19147My cousin had a huge rehearsal type dinner here the night before his wedding.  The staff was great for such a large group of people in their banquet room.    The food is overly starchy and very Italian American, and I really don't dig family style serving in general though.  Like, wtf, it's not cute, and I'm not at home give me my own plate you jerks.My gnocchi was pretty mediocre.  I've always loved the Maggiano's in Atlanta, but this one has been totally off the past three times.  I won't be returning to this location.My favorite place for family and my business meeting with clients good atmosphere price are good food is great just love this place this is my relaxing after shopping..I ordered catered food, it was amazing! They set up all the trays, and the food was warm when arrived. All of of my party guest were impressed with the set up and said the food was delicious. I would definitely order from them again and would recommend to a friend.The service here is amazing. It was packed on a Thursday night and the server still came to check in. From the Host(s) to Server to Busser A+. Also, the manager came at end of meal to quickly ask how was. It was great service. 
The Chicken Cabonara with noodles left something desired for me-just for the price. Big portions. No real flavors came out. But I'll try something different next time because of the service. It's also a cool dining area where your around a bunch of people but still feel private with spacing. 
Would go again!We came across Maggiano's, staying in a nearby hotel for a few nights. The first time we walked by (a Saturday night) it was super packed and the wait was over an hour long. The next night we made a reservation and came back (and it wasn't too crowded anyway). We ordered mozzarella sticks for an appetizer, chicken Parmesan and chicken saltimbocca. Everything was so delicious and the portions were ample! Our 14-month-old son was with us and fussy. The waitress was excellent and catered to us hand and foot. She even brought him extra food to keep him calm. Couldn't be happier!!!Had no idea this was a chain until my fiance mentioned the one in Denver. We were in Philly for a long weekend and this place was about a block from our hotel. We were seated immediately on a Sunday evening around 5pm. The service was that of a swanky 5 star. Best chopped salad I've had in ages. (!!) Ordered a slightly above average chicken parmesean and he ordered the recommended special, 'Chicken Pizziola'. Special wasn't so special as it was missing two of the ingredients listed in the description. Main ingredients! Pepperoni and peppers! Nonetheless we had a very enjoyable experience. Ordered tiramisu to go for dessert. Meh. As an avid consumer of tiramisu, it was bland and below average. I expected more from it! Would definitely return to explore more of menu if there were a Maggianos in Pittsburgh.Lovely food but service was a little slow. 
They had sold out of one of our appetisers so just brought over 2 of the same thing which was slightly odd and irritating. 
My mum ordered from the charity menu which we thought was a lovely idea. Huge portions which we couldn't finish, the creme brûlée was enormous! The white sangria was also deliciousWent here last night for the first time and liked everything about the food. The bruschetta was perfect except the pieces could have been bigger. I got the shrimp scampi and that was very good. The portions were large and filling. Definitely recommend this!Last night was my first night there. We ordered chicken alfredo, linguine with clams, and appetizers calamari. The food was good overall good experience.Have been here several times for dinner and for special activities. Service always has been impeccable. They started doing Sunday brunch which has been a very welcome addition.Despite the fact that Maggiano's is a chain, their food could easily rival that of local Italian restaurants. I strongly recommend ordering the fried zucchini, which is crisp and slightly sweet, as it is sprinkled with grated cheese. I don't even particularly enjoy zucchini, but this is the only form of the veggie that I willingly eat. The mussels, which come in either a red or white sauce, are also a popular appetizer that my fellow diners raved about (I didn't try them since I ate about half the zucchini myself). As for entrees, the eggplant parm is actually better than similar dishes that I have tried at higher-end Italian restaurants, and the four cheese ravioli, which is served with a pesto alfredo sauce, is decadent yet delicious. And don't even get me started on dessert - I could eat their chocolate zuccotto cake for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
The portions are extremely reasonable, so you definitely get your money's worth. The "family style" option is something to consider if dining with four or more people, since you get to choose multiple appetizers, pastas, meats, and desserts, all of which are all-you-can-eat. 
The service could not have been better. Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and - most importantly - extremely patient with our party of eight, who took what felt like decades to order.Consistent Italian Food with Huge Menu.   I had a pasta with cream sauce and braised beef and my wife had pasta with pesto and chicken.  Both were excellent and served quickly.  The bread was amazing and you can dip it in olive oil at the table.  They also have craft beer and a wide selection of wine.As always, I asked our waitress to recommend one of her most popular pasta dishes and I ordered it. I was extremely satisfied with not just the flavors that came through on this dish but the amount of food that was given was enough for three people. 
Maggiano's you ROCK, my Belly is HAPPY! . 
This is Johnny Carbonara ($20) a dish made with Chitarra pasta smoked bacon peas and a poached egg ... yummmmy! I also ordered the calamari which was once again a heaping serving.. The ( $15) calamari was tender the batter was light and super scrumptious with the marinara...
Guess what's for breakfast LOLgreat menu choices.   prices are mid to hi.    we had 4 perfect dishes at our table.   including ckn francais ckn parm and ckn marsala rigatoni.Even though the place was PACKED, the service was impeccable. Our waitress was Italian so we were able to exchange a few Italian words with her.. A very sweet and attentive person. The food... Really good.We stopped in after attending the comic con at the Philadelphia convention Center. With two children, we were seated in a side room (as parents with kids, we are used to this from most restaurants). Wife and older child have food allergies which they accommodated nicely. Chef came out to table and talked with us. Table was a bit wobbly and they relocated us to a more stable table. Nice experience overall. Food was really really good. Only negative was that they brought our mussels appetizer out with bread in the bowl (which we had to send back due to allergy).Great authentic Italian food...family style preferred
Meatballs are 3" 
Service was good ..My wife and I have traditionally ordered takeout from this location every time we've been in Phila, and tired from a long business day, over the past 10 years. Sadly that trend will cease. I should have been clued in by the fact that the place looked empty at dinner, and the cozy little takeout lobby that they have along Filbert street, usually packed with standing room only, was deserted (and my order was ready in only 15 min..totally unheard of).  I mentioned to the cashier that I've never seen the place this quiet..he seemed unsurprised. When I got back to my hotel room, it all became clear after opening my bag. The "legendary" family style portions that Maggiano's is famous for did not exist here. I pulled out from the top the side of green beans (which I have ordered before) , and in a fairly large container were approximately 20 skinny beans with a scattering of bacon bits. I wanted to take a picture, post it and take a poll on who would pay $5.95 for that. My wife's spinach side salad was not much more either. McDonald's side salad from the dollar menu was about the same size, but not $6.25. The Taylor Street Baked Ziti used to come in 2 gut packing containers, but this one, in one container was about enough for one sorta hungry diner. My wife seemed more upset by the bread of all things: they used to give you a cute mini loaf in a bag with a side of butter. Instead another fairly large container contained 2 approximately 1 inch slices of the same baguette, but cold, old, and no butter. I'm not big on complaining about a little thing here or there, but I had to say something. So I called and told the guy who took my order, and handed it to me 5 minutes previously what was up. Of course he sent me to the manager as he should. I told the manager about the green beans - that I could literally count them, and he said that they go by weight, not by number. I said that this is not the "family style" dish  that Maggiano's  is known for. He said I could come back for another side dish, or take them off bill. I asked him to take them off (we'll see if that happens on my credit card) as my wife and I were hungry, and I didn't want to run back for another, presumably skimpy something. In fact, because of our hunger, I refrained from returning the whole order. $30 later we went to bed still hungry. I guess old traditions will have to give way to new ones. As other reviewers have reported.. NOT the same Maggiano's .. at least not this one.Our group of 20 had a great time at Maggianos this past Sunday. Since we were early, we decided to have a drink while waiting for our table. Patti the bartender was great and she made me a perfect Manhattan, (so perfect I ordered another halfway thru our meal.) Others in the group could not decide what to have so with a few quick questions, she created 'signature' drinks for many of them! 
The entire waitstaff, the food, desserts, etc just wonderful. We especially liked the salmon and the bruschetta. Definitely will return, and we plan to sit at the bar with Patti a little longerBread was pretty good (still warm at the table).
Many options to choose from; enough to satisfy everyone.
Appetizers: Mozarella marinara, calamari, crab cakes
All were great, particularly likes the crispiness of the calamari.
I'm a huge seafood lover, so naturally I chose a fish for the entree: Lobster-baked tilapia.  It was slightly disappointing: the fish was bland and did not have much taste to it.  It seems as though all of their fish dishes are a bit on the bland side.  My mom's parmesan crusted tilapia did not have much flavor either.
But on a positive note, I absolutely loved the Chicken florentine I tasted.  The sauce was decadent, the chicken was stuffed with the perfect amount of spinach and cheese; it was beyond delicious!!!
The desserts were decent: the apple crostada tasted like a standard apple pie: nothing special, but not bad.  The cheesecake was good as well (and I usually don't like cheesecake!).  But for those of you who like a strong cheese flavor in cheesecake, this isn't for you.  It tasted more like vanilla than cheese (which was great for me!)Maggiano's Little Italy was not exactly what I had expected from the description given by both our hotel concierge and the website.  I expected something a little more upscale, busy, and efficient with service.  As it was a Saturday night, I expected that reservations would be needed at a restaurant in the middle of downtown.  This was apparently not the case.  Or the case anywhere in this city on a Summer weekend.  As the waiter informed us. . . everyone goes to the shore on the weekend.
. . . that would explain why we were able to cross a 4 lane main road without even having to look each way on our walk over. . .
We were seated immediately, then waited awhile for our waiter to make an appearance.  Having had plenty of time to peruse the menu, I ordered both a Bud Light draft and Chicken Pesto Linguine.  My beer was delivered, I sipped. . . I pushed the beer away.  This beer was long past gone, no carbonation, skunked taste.  Would have loved to send it back but. . . you guessed it, our waiter was nowhere to be found.  The food was eventually delivered but unfortunately. . . this was another let down.  The pasta was hard and clumpy, sauce was lukewarm.  Pretty unappetizing.  Pretty disappointing.
Our waiter was taking care of one table other than our own.  I don't understand what else he could have been doing.  I could see if the restaurant was busy or if he looked flustered, but none of this was the case.  My meal was not worth the money spent and I regret not having researched better before deciding on this place from the hotel concierge list.  I get what I decided on. . . convenience.We had such a wonderful experience here last week on Thursday afternoon, from our hostess, to waitress Kim to chef Dan making special vegan bruschetta to the manager Cody (I think that was his name) coming over to make sure our first experience here was wonderful and everyone was to our liking. Everyone truly made our dining experience one of the best I've had in a long time, I highly recommend Maggiano's!!Excellent! Great service, menu, and portions (for kids as well!) The quality tastes homemade. We brought our kids and still were able to please the whole crowd. The restaurant, though a chain, is definitely a great recommendation if you are looking a nice sit down meal while visiting Philadelphia.The service was very friendly and fast. I had a special request and the chef came out before, during and after my meal. Very impressed. Food was delicious. I order grilled eggplant parm and the filet was amazing.Expected way better service and food.
Based on the research and review I saw, we picked this as our restaurant of choice to try for the first time.
As soon as we walked in, I immediately encountered people who just does not seemed like you want to be there. absolutely zero smile.
Sat down and the waiter forgot the bread, was not brought to us until we almost finished the  entree. (The restaurant was maybe 2/5 full)
And the waiter seemed really annoyed when we told him (nicely) sorry we are not ready to order just yet, we are still looking at the menu and also waiting for one of our friend to arrive. and the waiter just gave us a (roll eyes) and walked away said ok.
I normally am ok to ignore the horrible service and hoping food is good at least... it is not the case with this restaurant. the food was below average especially for the price we all paid for between 25-30$ per entree.
Only good part about the dining experience was the dessert.
I am pretty sure there are plenty of good Italian restaurants out there or near the area. But this one was unfortunately quite disappointing.Italian chain restaurant with food you will not be disappointed with. It wouldn't be on my top 10 list of places to go to, but you will always know the food will be good when you do go. Id give it a 3.5 stars. 
Just recently had a private dinner party here with a group of 30 people. We had a private room tucked away in the back. Service was efficient and great! I highly recommend this if you have a special dinner and want everyone in the same private vicinity. Even though the food came out in mass, since table got the same courses, the quality was not hindered. All the appetizers we had were great. The main courses were OK or MEH for me (I did not like the lasagna or the chicken/rice dish). The desserts were decent.Stayed at the Marriott and was looking for something outside of the hotel, but close enough to easily walk.  Since it's right across the street, Maggiano's was a natural choice.  I was alone and ate at a high-top table in the bar area.  Wireless internet was not available.  The food was very poor and the service not any better.  The bread was stale, and my $23.50 veal parm was three small pieces covered in sauce that tasted as if it came from a jar.  Including a draft beer and tip, this meidocre dinner cost me $36 and I left hungry.  I would not return to this restaurant or others in this chain.This place is outstanding. I'm not sure there is anything I would change. This might be the only second 5 star review I've ever given. I had the Rigatoni Tony D that was out of this world. The staff is super nice, cloth napkins (green environmental) and my desert the Apple Crustada was over the top. The price is a great value for the serving sizes so be carefulMy personal favorite for Italian food. Yes I know they are a Chain, but Chain restaurants have dramatically improved in quality over the years to where they can hold their own and even exceed most restaurants. Love the meat sauce and marinara as well!. My favorites with this place are the traditional Spaghetti with meatballs, and Chickie Parm. Especially great deals are the 2 for 1 pasta specials which to me are a no brainer! Love the ambiance , very cozy, classy and romantic with that old world Italian home feel to it. Service is usually top notch! Soothing Frank Sinatra or Tony Bennett tunes in the background!  A great place to take a date or have a party catered. Parking can get tough at this location as well as any other CC Philly restaurant so cant fault them for that! Can get very crowded but waits never that bad even during the holidays , but reservations are recommended. Really nothing to not like here, so for me 5 stars. (Don't get some of the negative reviews here ,, but to each his own , for me Love IT!)I was there yesterday (September 11, 2012) at two o'clock. We had a group of nine and the place was on a slow time between lunch and dinner crowd. We all selected the chiefs choice family style menu.  All the food was excellent from the fried mozzarella to the lobster carbarana.  The service was slow especially for the time we were there.  The wait staff was friendly but not knowledgable on the menu or drinks from the bar.   All together i would go back even just for the friend mozzarella.I had one the worst restaurant experiences of my life. It was Mothers Day and we chose the Brunch. They served cold and over cooked carved fillet. You had to beg the carver if you wanted more than one thin slice. The other carved item was deli ham. For the big Brunch cold station, they had two items, Caesar Salad and sliced fruit.  The hot buffet, which was all cold , was  a combination of Italy meets the Caribbean.   The two entrees were rigatoni with chicken and coconut crusted tilapia. The scrambled eggs were green and French toast was inedible.  It was so disappointing for a corporate franchise to serve such a all around bad experience.As far as chain Italian goes, (which can be a sodium bonanza guilty pleasure) its pretty satisfying.   Definitely stay away from TAKE OUT, portions are small, which makes it very overpriced for Barilla Pasta and over-salty sauce.Maggiano's is a chain and I have visited their restaurants in Atlanta, Georgia; Orlando, Florida; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Las Vegas. You can say that I am a fan. To speak to the chain as a whole, each restaurant offers a warm and cozy feel created by the warm tones of the wooden tables, the dark wood bordering the walls, and the dim candle lighting. Although I can see the place working as a date place, I see it more as a family place with the red checker board table clothes and the large round tables. This is especially true when it comes to the menu options as well. If you are less then a party of three a trip to Maggiano's can be a little bit pricey. However, if you re four or more I highly recommend ordering the family style meal.
I always order the Family Style Meals, and although they may appear a little pricey at first it's definitely worth the price! The way this system works is that you order two appetizers and two salads and they keep bringing you as much as you want. I recommend in the Philadelphia Maggiano's as well as any of the other ones I previously mentioned to order the stuffed mushrooms which are very juicy and flavorful and have a nice crunch to them with the crusted parmesan cheese as well as the Maggiano salad. Now it is extremely unlike me to be raving about a salad but trust me this one is really good, it has a sweet dressing that is balanced out by a robust cheese -  what I think is gorgonzola cheese or bleu cheese.  After you've had your fill of your appetizers you go on to the main course which features two pastas and two entrees. Here is where the Philadelphia branch scored average. I found their Chicken Marsala and Baked Ziti to be a little bland; I think they could both have used a bit more salt. The Chicken Parmesan was good but nothing stellar either. After you've enjoyed multiple refills on your main course selections naturally you get to pick 2 dessert items. I recommend the tiramisu and the spumoni. I think, although I may be biased as a dessert connoisseur, they recovered with desserts. 
The service is average. The waiters are kind and attentive, but naturally you feel as if they do not come around often enough since you're constantly asking for refills. Just be mindful that you're probably not the only one in the restaurant who ordered family style. 
All in all, this is a great place to hangout for a few hours while pigging out on generally good food with a group of friends.I'm not usually one to hit up chains, but I took a wheelchair-bound elderly family friend here for her birthday lunch today, and the staff were wonderful, patient, and very accommodating.
They readily honored special requests for sauce on the side, etc. and checked on use frequently to be sure everything was up to par.
The food here is decent, but the service today was totally stellar. Thanks!We had the best time besties night out..We meet here over business or just to relax been coming to this location for over 10yrsI love Maggiano's. It's a solid Italian restaurant. I love their calamari--it's not too salty and it's perfectly crispy! My favorite go-to dish here is the Lobster carbonara that I replace the lobster meat for crab meat. I like crab meat more than lobster in my pasta. This is more on the cheesy side--so if you're lactose intolerant like me--you'll feel bloated afterwards. But I think the dish is worth all the bloating. My other classic fave is the chicken parm. It's so good--the chicken is crispy and not too thick and how can you not like spaghetti in marinara sauce???? YUM YUM YUMMM. They rarely disappoint. I usually get carry-out and it's been convenient.Don't bother.. Food was just eh.. Waiter was nice, manager needs management courses or something. They screwed up on out dinner, brought "free" dessert, which upon arrival was cheap, dry lemon cookies that neither of us like, told they'd be glad to focus something else, and after eating a slightly better dessert, told us the manager wouldn't give us that for free, only the cheap cookies we didn't eat. This after we spent a lot of money on a just ok 3 course meal. My suggestion is go somewhere else with really good food that cares about their customers.This review is strictly for the way the team handled an event our company was holding here and how they were able to accommodate and correct the person who booked this event's screw ups.
I did not have anything more than a bit of calamari and some salad as we were busy putting on a presentation but our guests said they had a good time and that was all that mattered at that point.We got in late on a Thursday to Philly and were looking for a place to grab dinner and just stumbled onto this place.  Loved it! 
We had a great waiter, Josh, who was very friendly and attentive.  He brought out warm bread which was delicious. 
We started with the fried zucchini appetizer.  It came out hot and there was enough to feed 5 or more people.  
Next I had the chopped salad and my husband had the spinach salad.  Both were good.
My husband had the gnocchi.  He liked it, but said it was rich and it was a large serving.  I had the lighter take chicken piccata.  The chicken was juicy and had lots of flavor.  It was served over a bed of fettuccini and spinach.  I was glad I got the lightened up version as it was still a large portion, and it was also quite delicious.
I'd definitely recommend Maggiano's!!Great food, reasonable price, and the staff is very nice!  Make sure you get a reservation if its a weekend!Very nice service and good food made for a great outing for our group!
We called in around 6 PM on a Friday and were able to get a reservation (6 people) for 9:30, which isn't too bad in a city environment.  Were running a bit late (10-15 mins) but they seated us within minutes of getting there.  Recommendations; the crispy zucchini fritte with lemon aioli is a must have for diners, and the bruschetta is very nice as well (although just 5 pieces, so be wary if in a group).  Bread and oil obviously starts everyone off.
Waiter was very helpful in selecting courses, as most folks had never been to a Maggiano's before.  Portions were fantastic, and the highlights of the meal were the Mushroom Ravioli al forno and the Chicken Marsala (from what I heard about the latter).
Dessert menu was tempting but were slightly in a hurry and didn't get to sample any of their decadent treats.
All in all, this place is not too cheap (looking at 25-30 $ per person), but for the price, the food quality is very nice.
Good eats!Good service, average menu. It's a chain. A bit overpriced for what they call a "scratch" kitchen- doubt it. Took forever to get butter for our bread. Wine was a watery Pinot from Napa. Overall would rather go authentic. It was across from our hotel on a rainy night so it sufficed.Had a great experience on a date night out.  I had the Chicken parm, wife had a Chicken marsala, both were very good.  Only issue was we were served the wrong salad, but it still was good!  Would definitely return.We had our rehearsal dinner at Maggiano's.  We were skeptical at first to use a chain restaurant when there are so many great places in Center City.  Once we had the tasting we were hooked.  The items we served were delicious!  Cindy and Jana were great to work with and through all our changes and adjustments they handled it with perfect care.  
Our staff the night of rehearsal made sure every detail was taken care of right away.  They were fantastic and I would recommend using the Palumbo room to anyone.  Great views of the city streets but spacious and accomodating.Had a great dinner with my bestie. Server Monty (Monelan) was awesome and made the dining experience so enjoyable - although he didn't give me the check like I requested... Lol. 
Ravioli was DELISH... As usual.Maggiano's used to be one of the very few chain restaurants I would eat at, being the food snob that I am. Well, we can mark it off the list now. It has gone way downhill. I hadn't been in over a year, and they've changed the menu and changed the "family-style" dining portion sizes. Which is fine, but the prices need to decrease as well. To start off, when we sat down, both of our wine glasses were dirty as well as my water glass. Just gross. Not a good way to start off an evening. Then we ordered a large salad, which 2 people could split as an app, but it was $11.95. Twelve dollars for a salad?! And when it came out, it didn't have any dressing on it! We had to wait 10 minutes to get the waiter's attention- when we told him the salad had no dressing, he looked at us like we were crazy, then dug around in the bowl himself to make sure. Um, in my 34 years, I think I know if a salad has dressing on it!  We told him to just cancel it. Then the entrees- my husband had the angel hair with sausage. When it came out, half the pasta was plain, and half had sauce mixed in. It's just pure sloppiness on the kitchen's part. They're just dishing out crap and not caring or looking before they send it out. To be fair, the food still tastes pretty good (I had the rigatoni with chicken), but it's nothing great, just average. Dirty glasses, a salad with no dressing, gruff service, and average-but-overpriced food? No thanks, I won't be back-ever. And I predict Maggiano's, downsizing and cutting costs as it has and letting the quality slide, will be a defunct chain before long. So long!After numerous trips to Philadelphia and stays in Center City, the boyfriend and I finally decided to try Maggiano's  on Saturday evening.   
We stopped in around 7:30pm and I was sure that we'd have to wait for a table but was pleasantly surprised when we were seated immediately.   They were already busy, but there were enough tables to accommodate a large amount of patrons at once.  
The waiter came over immediately to greet us and take our drink orders.  We only had club sodas and lemonade (long night the night before) so I can't comment on their drinks or wine selection.   We were brought bread right away, and there is oil and cheese on the table already.   
We got the mussels and bruschetta tour for our appetizer and two pasta dishes for dinner.    They have a vast selection and it was difficult to pick just one meal but we were pleased with our choices.    The entrees were huge and we were able to take most of it home.  We also had a creme brûlée for dessert, which was large enough to share and the right combo of custard and sugary crust.  
Next time I'll pop in for brunch and cocktails.This place is under-staffed and over-filled with a sense of self-importance. Had to "wait" 5 min (a bar sell tactic) when plenty of tables were open. Asked for a lemon for my water, that took 5 min. I'm now at 10 min waiting on my cocktail. If I'm lucky, my food will arrive by breakfast. Also, the waiter just asked if I wanted my salad to come out w my entree.My friends and I ate here because we were from NYC and had no clue that Maggiano's is a chain restaurant.  Had I know this fact we would have tried to find a smaller, local restaurant to patronize.  
The food was great though.  I had the cheese ravioli and the marinara was to die for.  We also tried the fried cheese and I still dream about it.  Even though this restaurant is in every major city these days, it doesn't mean it isn't good.  Worth the visit!I think Maggiano's really has a lot to offer.  I used to go there quite a bit for lunch, and to be honest, it's some of the best Italian food I've had in the city for the price.  Best thing to do in my opinion, take a group of people there, do the bottomless menu, eat your chocolate cake and get one to go.  I haven't been disappointed with anything on their menu.  Rigatoni D is awesome by the way.The waiter tried his best, but we waited a long time for everything. The salad was tasty, but the main course of fish was dry and overcooked.  The pasta dish had a tasty sauce, but was mostly pasta, with not much of the other advertised ingredients.
  The cost is high for the food, maybe because of the location.  You can do better.We used Open Table to make an online reservation and this worked out well. Our server was very slow to greet us, bring water and check up on us, but we were in no hurry. We ordered bruschetta for an appetizer that was the best I've ever had. It was loaded with fresh basil, onion, tomato and drizzled with balsamic dressing. The lasagna was HUGE and very good. Overall, I enjoyed our visit and would have rated the experience better if the server were more attentive.Went to the bar to wait for our table on NYE. Bartender claimed that the old fashioned and Long Island were her best drink and then when it took us a minute to decide the bartender proceeded to ask us "today!?" While clapping at us. We Took her up on the offer for her "best drink" and it was far from satisfactory. Safe to say I've had a better Long Island at most dive bars.Amazing! This is our second time at a Maggiano's -- other in Vegas, and just like last time the food was incredible. I recommend Family Style... You get the most bang for your buck and the food is great! 3 apps, 4 entrées, 2 desserts.... And they're all you can eat!!!Had the eggplants parmigiana which was too soggy for my liking.   
I ordered online and picked up from carry out.awesome italian food.  i think quite possibly the best italian food in philly could be found here.The food in this place was excellent, almost justify for the carb and calories!  If you're watching your diet, they have light options!  Because I went with a large group, I was not bothered by the wait too much.  Everything in this restaurant is made to order, which means great fresh food and I hope you don't need to be anywhere anytime soon.  Service was good, specially for such a busy restaurant.worth a visit. not great, but definitely worth a stop in for some tasty italian and selection of  wine and spirits. in a good location too if you are around for a few days in the hotels.Came here with a group.   In the bar had a fantastic Manhattan.  In the restaurant fount it it to be more than lacking.    Forgot my salad completely, never even offered to bring it late.  The filet mignon was without ANY flavor at all, as well cooked as it was.   There was nothing enjoyable about this meal, except the cocktails and the friends I was with.Visited on a Thursday night after a trade show. Our waiter was pleasant and got our orders correct from top to bottom. (Luis)
I had Mama's Lasagna and it was excellent!  The timing between our salads and main course was fine, just enough time to discuss the days business and we never seemed hurried by staff to leave when we were finished.Really basic dishes with nothing unique. With that saying, this is still a safe Italian place if you have no where to go. Ask for butter for the bread. They won't just give it to you. I wait a long time for them to bring the butter out. Felt like the waiters ignored me sometimes. Won't come back1: Our first time here even though my wife knows of the NYC one in Little Italy
2: Our Waitress as great  -- very smart and knows her business she is of the only 1% of top waitress or waiters in the US . I can say that
3: Her recommendations were fantastic. I had the Salmon Oscar with crab meat was out of this world. 
4: The baked zucchini I have never seen it cooked or presented this way. Wow
5: The fried calamari was also meaty and great. now when I say meaty I mean it is not paper thin like a lot of places
6: had 2 bottles of wine with our meal and our waitress knew to fill up the glasses when she would see them empty. not many do that anymore. make a big difference come tip time
7: we will try the one in NYC to see which one is better
8: we will eat here again when we come back to Philly in about a year
9: I read a lot of the reviews and I can say that this place should have 4 to 5 stars. now sometimes there is a bad day and that happens and reading from the people who gave bad reviews well maybe they should stick to Burger King
10: I gave 5 stars which I don't normally but I have to say that eating here made our stay in Philly that much more enjoyable.
11: did I say we had a GREAT waitress -- If you eat here Ask for Leigha. you would go wrong. 
12: I hope I am able to say her name ?The food was not bad...it just wasn't good enough for me to really want to return there. I was away on biz and the restaurant was across the street from the hotel so I went there twice. The two dishes I tried were very heavy and calorie dense...like I said, they tasted good...but salty and heavy. The drinks were kind of fun...but the lemoncello was waaaaaayyyyyyy to sweet. Anyway, the service was good, I liked the bread and the prices were not bad. Oh the side of broccoli rabe was good too. If I was every stuck at a conference and Maggiano's was an option...I would return.The four cheese ravioli's are to die for!  The spaghetti bolognese with meatballs was awesome.  I did not have it, but my friend ate pasta alfredo with shrimp and it looked and per the feedback, a great dish too! Loved this italian place!!Very busy atmosphere n you will wait to be served, if you are in a hurry not a place to go. I ordered Chicken and Truffle Tortellini, if you don't like strong Alfredo or Parmesan sauce, this is definitely the dish to get. It is a chef made pasta with white wine sauce,  very light texture of a sauce. I give it a 3, just because the service was slow n not bad place of an Italian place, I have eaten better than this.CRIMINALS/ CRIMINAL RING /DINING SCAM 
I recently dined at restaurant. It was a PRIVATE dining experience in a banquet room that was not open to the public. There were only servers in room. I do not think the staff realized this but the meeting was a luncheon with about 100 criminologist! I am sharing this to give you more context on the type of people I was dining with. We have a background in CRIME and LAW! The short story is that wait staff stole wallet. There were no strangers in sight and due to this being a private experience, there were two people at door from our group to prevent people who were not apart of the meeting from entering. I initially sought out the manager to get help.  I approached them as though my wallet was lost! I was met with defensiveness...rude managers, who were nonchalant and careless. They refused to help me "find the wallet".  They made various excuses and showed little concern. They however, did say the  staff does not have it. I actually did not think I was a victim of theft. But this was weird... I never thought the staff took it so this was my first red flag. However, I learned that three other criminologist had the same thing happen to them.. When I learn this information I realize I was a victim of theft. All of the women who were victims had wallets stolen out of their purses. It is clear that there is some suspicious activities happening that may involve multiple people. I filed a police report and the other victims also filed a report. When you hear the stories it is clear there is security issue. There Are FOUR people with the same complaint and all have proof we entered restaurant with WALLETS. We all dined at different times. We all have stories which suggest it is an inside job.  In the evening time, I go online to search restaurant reviews. I come across a man who claims they stole his brief case and another woman saying that if you eat here you will not leave with your wallet. After filing a police report the officer shares this is a major issue here. When I brought this up to the careless management, they blamed it on their location and that people came off of the street and possible swiped the wallets. The problem with that explanation is that in some of the stolen wallet cases ....we did not come in contact with other guests or strangers. We were in private meetings having private dining experiences.  The reality is there are likely more victims. I want to make sure I make this post so that you are warned. This incident in addition to others are all documented at the Philadelphia police station which is blocks from the restaurant. Please do not eat here until they address security issues and poor management. This is unacceptable and a terrible representation of the brand.  I will not support this franchise until there are clear actions taken to support guests, to correct this issue, to return what was stolen!  If you have also been a victim of similar crimes at this restaurant please report to police and corporate office. My next step is social media, corporate, and the local news if they do not make this right.Food was great! And the Gin and tonic I had was one of the best ever. The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of a solid 5 is because the waitress went MIA for a while and my gf and I wanted to leave and crash at our hotelNot bad for a chain restaurant. It's a great spot to head for lunch. The service is very quick, the pricing is fairly reasonable, and the food portions are huge! Can't complain there!Great catering service. They were willing to work with me to get enough food for my event. The food went quickly, but this was one of the best events my group has ever done. The food was delicious and the caterer who showed up and helped set up was very professional. I will be using Maggiano's again.Great food and great waiter! Place is very large. They have two big main dining rooms and one very large bar area. Food was delicious and waiter was very pleasant and helpful.Went here for valentine's dinner and had a little surprise and they did exactly what i asked ! Thanks ! And the food is delicious as well.We loved this place. Everything was delicious, the spinach and artichoke appetizer! the tenderloin medallion! The service also made us feel very welcomed. 
We made reservations easily for the same night.The restaurant and food  was ok. We eat at Maggiano's in various cities on occasion and appreciate a good time. The Seating without a reservation on a for Friday night was okay. The waiter, OMG, Mike was Awful!!!! He kept five tables held hostage with inappropriate bringing the soup with the main entree, no water, no checking on you, no drinks..... I would eat there again. But if I saw him, I'd run the other way.Ordered catering for our volleyball group and Micheal was a great help. Food was all set up, hot and delicious! Exactly what our team needed after a competitive day at the NEQ! Thank you Michael and Maggiano's for your flexibility and super service!Don't you dare compare these folks to Olive Garden or Carrabba's!  Yes they are a chain but very likely the best national Italian chain around.  The parent company of these folks owns Chili's and a piece of Macaroni Grill so they know their way around the restaurant biz.  
I stopped into the center city location last night but I've been to several others before.  I needed some quality sustenance before I headed off to another event. 
I sat at the bar and ordered a drink and the Italian Sausage Flatbread (Italian sausage, oven-dried tomatoes, Italian cheese blend, fresh mozzarella and basil- $7.50).  The bartender was awesome and when my food arrived it was OMG delicious.  The great thing about this place was I wasn't surprised.  Most of the food here is very good.  All the Italian staples are here and the portions are substantial.  They also specialize in family style dining.  If you come with a bunch of people it can be great fun and a decent value.
What makes it tough here in Philly is the incredible Italian Market restaurants.  They are hard to beat for traditional Italian food.  If this was Houston I might give Maggiano's four stars.  In a city like Philly known for great Italian food they get three stars but it's given with respect for a fine establishment.Had a great time having drinks with friends. The bartender, "Sweet Lou" made us the best Chocolate Martinis.  He is awesome and made the experience so much fun.This place is amazing came here on my birthday 11/25/17. The service was great the food was delicious. Will definitely be coming back.Excellent service. The waiter was friendly and helpful. My wife requires gluten free meals because she has celiac disease. When we put in the order, the chef came out to clarify her dietary need and make sure she was going to get a meal that tasted good and wouldn't make her ill. 
The food was good. We both enjoyed our entrees, appetizer, and glasses of wine. 
The atmosphere was nice. 
I would return and recommend them to friends.Very good Italian fare, the wait staff is very good in taking orders and helping customers pick what they would like to eat.The food was exquisite . It was one of the best meals I have had in years. I loved their Riga Toni D and their salmon was delicious. This is a must for anyone who wants to experience fine cuisine.I love this place! I went with a party of four and everybody loved it. We got a spinach and artichoke dip for an appetizer and it was  great! I got the country style pasta, which was really good, it has a great flavor but was nice and light!  I would get it again every time. We finally got a dessert that was eventually mini servings of the chocolate cake they serve, a perfect ending to a big meal!
I would go back anytime, everything was pretty reasonably priced too.great recommended food, nice environment and good serviceMet some family members here for a nice dinner during our overnight visit to Philadelphia.  I personally had no idea that this place was a chain of restaurants.
You walk in here and there is a really -- classic looking -- wood bar with very amiable bartenders (kudo's to Louis the bartender for having a bit of fun with my little boy as he sat there drinking his coke as we waited for a table.)  They certainly had a crowd there waiting for tables (well it was New Years weekend after all.)  This place is right across from the Reading Terminal Market and the Marriott Hotel -- it is obvious how it is easily found and more to the point, once you sit for a meal there, it is easy to notice how and why people flock there -- the food is just plain enjoyable and they serve plenty of it!  Although they seem to have individual dishes, it appears to be more common for them to serve "family style" (think big doggie bags even once everyone been liberally served.)  On top of that, everything seem to be made fresh to order (salads included), and the wait-staff is very accomodating, personable and thorough (interesting to learn that our particular waitress was, at one time, a park character at Disney.)
To top off dinner, we enjoyed a bevy of wonderful desserts, cappuccino  and ultimately the bill -- which, for the most part (considering we were a party of 6), was fairly reasonable.  And we left there with a few bags full of take-out tins with the yummy leftovers for the two+ hour trip back home to NY.  We look forward to visiting there again when we get back to Philly.Its a nice place. I had the Shrimp diavalo which was very good. Service was very good. You get what you pay for and this was good for the money. I'd definitely go again.I love italian food period. The portions are humongous and the food is to die for. It's a little something different from you're every day Olive Garden, although that has it's own place, but if you want to venture out for Italian food, this is a great place. Excellent customer service, always. I think customer service is important and they do a fantastic job. I wish I could eat here more, but it's a nice little treat. I love the marsala and can't remember the name of the other dishes but it is all delicioussssssss!A great place for Italian in philly. The calamari was very good as a starter. My veal porterhouse was well prepared and I don't see that in the menu many places. Others at the able were happy w/veal parm and surf and turf.I had a pretty good time at Maggiano's and I've been there twice.  The service is pretty good and the wait staff are very helpful with knowledge.  The food was delicious.  My bf had the veal and mushroom ravioli and it was GOOD.  I'm usually turned off by the thought of eating veal, but one bite and I was hooked.  I ordered the Rigatoni dish and it was a big ass portion.  I had leftovers for my trip back home.  I also tried the tiramisu and it was good too.  It was very rich and decadent.  The only downside of this place is the wait time.  It took about 30 mins for a table on a sunday night, but I'll keep waiting for that delicious tiramisu.Ended up eating there twice on a recent visit to Philly.  We were a little hesitant to try them because they are part of a chain.  I'm glad we did.  We ended up having a variety of dishes among the four of us, a mix of pasta dishes (more than I could eat) and meat.  All of them were excellent.  The service was super...we had Frank one night. The price was right.  If you have the chance to try the Brushetta Bar...do it!  One of my kids loved the mashed potatoes that came with the steak.  The bread was super, too.  I could not get enough.This place was FREAKIN awesome!!! Like omg! So good! 3 different dishes tasted amazing! It is a little pricey, however the food is way worth it!! If we are back in this area we WILL come here again! (We are from California) omg! So good!!!! #lovedit!!!A-OK really is the best way to describe it. Good, but not great. Have had better and have had worse.Dined here during a conference - 
The good:
Friendly staff
From scratch food - kitchen can handle special requests
Amazing asparagus bruschetta - yum! Asparagus was fresh and crisp
Special handmade cocktails - delish
Plenty of water
Good happy hour drinks and food
The ok
Food a tad salty
The bar took a long time to make drinks
Busboy kept squeezing behind my chair and dropping utensils
Would return!It was a business party that I went with. We had a small prvt room in the back area. 
I've heard so much of this place and I've had take out from here once.
Let me start by saying, I'm NOT the biggest fan of italian food. 
Walking in, I didn't really notice the decor. I was starving so headed straight for my table in the back. On the way out though, I looked around the place wasn't as fancy as I thought it would be. Maybe it was the checkered table cloths. 
Our servers were nice and quick. Though I would say, I only had my wine glass filled ONCE and this was an all you can drink event so not sure what's up with that service. The waitress came to take my glass, I thought she was going to refill it but she never came back...so i was stuck with my water for the rest of the meal. By the time I realized she wasn't coming back, dessert was upon me.
The food was fresh. I enjoyed the salad, the calamari and the bruschetta the most. It was served family style and they kept bringing out more...who was I to say "No"?
The main meal consisted of: 
-Herbed chicken- Disappointment
-Shrimp+crab cannelloni- It was okay
- Lasagna- I love me lasagna...had 2x servings
-Salmon- meehhhh
-Steak- It was okay...at least not dry but needed some more flavor
Dessert-
Tiramisu- Have had better
Apple turnover with ice cream ?- It would have been better if the turnover was warmer.
Then the shocker of the night. I COULD NOT take my left over's home. 
Can you say my jaw dropped? I mean really?
I'm the type to go to buffets because I can't eat a lot at one sitting. Also, if a meal is good, I feel no need to rush and stuff my face when I can eat to my content and take the rest home to eat on my couch while I watch my netflix. 
If the waitress kept refilling my wine glass and I was allowed to take whatever i enjoyed home, I prob would return but at this rate...it's a hard sell to get me back. I was soo annoyed at the spillover of food that was going to end up in the garbage. I mean the meal was already paid for sooo why can't we just take the rest home? WASTEFUL!The food and service are beyond amazing!!! This was an absolutely amazing experience. My mom and I just arrived to Philadelphia, and had a terrible experience with checking in to our hotel. We just ran across the street to grab a bite to eat. And everyone was so friendly and uplifting. The food was awesome. And we even mentioned we were in a rush to catch the tour bus, and they were helpful and quick! I don't come to Philadelphia often, but I would definitely recommend this place! They made our trip a LOT better!Maggiano's gives huge portions. It is a good place to go with friends. The food there is good. I enjoy it for getting together with my friends, and don't regret it. I give the food there a 3 or 3 1/2. I love italian food, but if you want GOOD Italian food, its not the best place. However, the tiramisu dessert, I give a FULL 5! The tiramisu is amazing, and never had any other tiramisu like it! I would go there again just for the tiramisu.bartender jeff is amazing!!!! food is great, and they keep your bread basket filled #carblifeFood and service were outstanding.  We had a late dinner to celebrate my folks anniversary on a Saturday night..  We got a table in just a few minutes.  I've been to Maggiano's in both Vegas and San Jose, and I enjoyed both.  This was no exception.
Dinner was prompt, tasty, and well prepared.  We had the mussels and artichoke spinach for appetizers, and for dinner we had the traditional spaghetti and giant meatball, linguine and clams with white sauce, and  the four taster special, forgot all the items for but $16, it's a deal.  I think one item was chicken meatballs.
We walked away happy and full, and no doggie bags.  Worth the visit.Great food and good ambiance. The atmosphere is colorful and vibrant. There is always good music playing and the staff is always friendly and helpful. 
Maggiano's provides an array of Italian dishes. The food is served family style, meaning that you select a few salads, appetizers, entrees, pasta's and desserts and share them. I love the chopped salad, maggiano salad, zucchini,calamari, mozzarella sticks, chicken parmesan, salmon (served with spinach) and lasagna. 
The food is served in ample portions and is continuously served throughout the meal, with no restrictions. In fact, you can even pack food to take home.The desserts are divine! The apple crostada, tiramisu, cheesecake and nonna's pound cake! You will find yourself being pried away from the table to stop eating. 
In order to utilize the family style menu, you must have at least 4 people. This is a great restaurant to go to with a large party of group. I promise, if you try this place, you will not be disappointed for there is a variety of food for every taste.Super freundliche Bedienung, Essen top. Fantastisches Brot!Very good food with enough leftover for another meal. There were some issues tonight and Joe and Jake stepped in to save the day.Skip these clowns and go to Cherry Hill !!!
They forgot an entree, so I called them. She first tried to say I was only charged for what I got (terrible response), which was wrong, confirmed by my card details. Then she tried to explain that Grubhub would have to refund me. I asked for the entree. She said should call another driver and they would arrive fast. Then she called me back and said Grubhub would refund me. I suppose eating-in may have better service, but I am not going to find out.We are having dinner still Celebrating Our 21st Wedding Anniversary . And this is are first time eating outside at a Restaurant in Philly. On a night like the music, the atmosphere is spending time with my husband.Not the best Maggiano's I've been to. The service was friendly but sloooow, even though we were there mid-afternoon. They did give a military discount, though, so that was nice.I've been a bit skeptical about franchised places as I want to explore more local foods.  I came here  for the first time after many years knowing about the place and heard mixed reviews. Well, I came here with my boyfriend and we had a good time. The food was okay, slightly salty for me. We had mussels and seafood pasta. The portion was definitely share-able. Service was good and we didn't have to wait long to be seated. Overall, okay. Sorry I do not have much to say. I guess, if you can look harder for other dining options do so. But if you must eat here, it is not a bad place to go.Excelente and delicious food. We had 3 different courses and all were tasty. RecommendedThe pasta dishes we tried; "Rigatoni D" and spaghetti with shrimp, were decent enough, but didn't really stand out. It wouldn't be too hard to imitate them at home. The pasta itself didn't seem home made, but it isn't really clear if it's meant to be. The service staff forgot to wipe the table after the guests before us left, leading to us having a slightly sticky dining table.I dunno, I just feel so guilty going to these "family style" places with ridiculously huge portions that no one could possibly finish. I'd rather not be contributing directly to rising food prices, global hunger, and general wastefulness. 
I had baked ziti with sausage, it was pretty good but not great. The 1/2 salad was big enough for two people to start with, but not good enough for one person to bother eating.So after years of visiting Maggianos restaurants
 I finally had a bad encounter :-/  
 We went to the  cherry hill location and It was our first time at this location so We sit and asked to order the family style menu like we have in EVERY OTHER location for years without a second thought we where always taken care of well .
This time and the wife and I where held to the 4 person minimum to order this way. 
Now it's not so much about the rules  (the rules are the rules ) I get that but for the manager to say "well if you pay for four people we will serve you guys "
I mean ?????. So at the end of the day it was money motivated greed and not any other reason they denied the request. There are plenty of other maggianos that put there customers before there wallet so we will not be going back ...
End of rantStopped in here on a Friday night in from out of town. Service was great, bread great, caprese delish! I was good and had the lighter fare chicken piccata and was very pleased.  Service was great. The only thing they could improve is the draft beer selection.Just recently went here for the first time during Center City restaurant week. The dishes came in large servings, I had plenty of leftovers. The server Robert was very helpful in deciding and putting everything in simple  terms for us. We were able to hang out and talk without feeling rushed. The food was absolutely delicious and came out in a timely manner. The atmosphere was very comfortable and I would recommend to anyone!This place was pretty good.  I had the cannolini stuffed with crab and shrimp in a sauce.  The sauce was very good.  It had almost a cheese alfredo type of flavor.  The bread here was good.  The dessert (tiramisu) was amazing.  Get the mini...it was still too large to finish.  The waitress was amazing at suggestions and any substitutions, etc.  The order came fairly quickly even though they seemed kind of busy.  The waitress was also very attentive to our needs.
This will be my first stop when I return to philly for business....for sure.  :)Just ate here today. Slow
Service and below adequate food..find somewhere better for sureNot as promising as portrayed. The salad was pedestrian at best, but the dressing redeemed it from being supermarket quality. The manicotti was burnt and overloaded with cheese, kill the cheese! The spinach and artichoke appetizer was very good, although also overloaded with cheese. Bean and Orzo soup was good - no cheese in that recipe. The aglio and bows entree had garlic with an overwhelming lemony-taste to it. The chocolate zuccotto cake slice was enormous and very delicious with deep dark chocolate that was not too sweet.  It had luscious cream layered throughout.
Another thing they get kudos for is giving a second receipt listing what food we ordered. Why doesn't every restaurant do this?I eat here about twice a month and can say the service is good but it is always better during the slower times. The food is good fairly prompt but there are inconsistencies from time to time.  The bar staff are some of the best around and are very knowledgeable as well as friendly.Maggianos has very good food and usually a very good atmosphere. Unfortunately if you are not Christian, do not go there in the month of December... it looks like Christmas threw up in there and all the play is Christmas carols to the point that even those who celebrate Christmas are sick of it. The rest of the year though, it is a great place to go.Staying at the Marriott and got carry out. Eggplant Parmigiana and Italian side salad.  I was not going to eat whole thing but I could not stop. Great sauce. Yummm!Great service and wonderful food. Perfect cappuccino! We are from the PNW and stayed across the street at the Mario and visited for dinner and breakfast. Enjoy!Been here for lunch during the week with coworkers, service was good, food was decent, no complaints! Probably a better spot for dinner, though.Food was amazing as well as the service. Very professional and respectful service. Lauri was our waitress and she was awesome. I had the Chicken meatball pesto with mozzarella and it was so delicious. Hard Italian feeling atmosphere. Definetly worth the visit.Good family friendly restaurant. Portion sizes were on the larger side and food quality was good. We liked that they were very kid friendly and the staff was very hospitable and pleasant.Had lunch here today. I had jury duty. It's was great they had a $9.95 lunch special. You got to pick two out of the three. Soup, half of a sandwich, & or a salad. I got the 1/2 Honey mustard salmon salad(which came with roasted potatoes.) & a chopped salad. It all came in big portions. Our waitress Tia was very attentive & sweet. She understood we were on jury duty & went out of her way to make sure we got our orders enough time to get back to court. Excellent food & thank you to Tia for being a wonderful waitress.Short wait for a table but the Chicken Parmesan was well worth it. Would definitely eat here again.Good for big hungry groups. Food is just like any other Italian chain restaurant. Unfortunately nothing to really brag about. It satisfied our bellies and they were able to accommodate our large party.awful management and wait staff!! DO NOT EAT HERE!!! Bathrooms were gross and probably hadn't been cleaned in weeks! Food came out burnt and rubbery from being under the heat lamp too long, since our waitress forgot about our table!Loved this place! the food was amazing, prices aren't bad at all, will be visiting for my anniversary this month at the NJ location  Maggiano's PA had the greatest staff and so welcoming!Stopped in for a bite to eat and ordered the Fettucine Alfredo with Chicken.  This is my go to dish at every Italian Restaurant I've been too, and I'm saddened to say that I am generally disappointed when the food arrives.  NOT THIS TIME! When I first looked at my bowl I was a little upset because I only saw about 7 pieces of chicken, but after my first bite when I stirred it up a little I revealed a "whole mess" of chicken. There was almost more chicken than noodles! The Alfredo sauce was great and I did not feel the need to season mu food at all. Not even with the parmesan cheese on the table!! My husband who came with me had the Lasagna, and while he did use the parmesan he also did not feel the need to season it either! We were both very pleasantly surprised and if we are ever in the area again we will definitely be stopping back in!I had great service and amazing food here for my birthday. they also do a cute arrangement of lemon cookies and candles!5 stars for a chain?! I don't know myself anymore! It's true though, this chain is delicious. I guess if you become a franchise, you have mastered how to make the items taste wonderful. 
For a three course family style meal with a wide array of choices for appetizers, main courses, and desserts, it's $30.95 per person (+extra $ for steak and seafood options). I was nearly full after the appetizers! The gnocchi with Italian sausage- delish. 
Simple, predictable, great value. Sometimes you need that!Hostesses is rude & unfriendly!!  
I was in town for work & decided to walk to a nearby restaurant by my hotel & since this was near I decided to give it a try.  I should have just gone to Chili's!  
I walk in & asked for a seat for one. The hostess ushered me to a table facing the bar & in front of the dining area. Before I can tell her I did not want to eat in front of an audience she walked away without saying a word. I find her demeanor extremely rude.  She acted like there was a long line behind me (there was nobody) & I was an inconvenient. My waitress was nice, but it took a few minutes for her or anyone to come greet me or give me any water. 
I started with the creamy chicken soup. It was very creamy & rich. For an entree I had the lobster pasta dish. In the menu it stated that it is suppose to come with a creamy white sauce, but its actually fettuccine. I changed it to a creamy garlic sauce but what I got was pasta saturated with butter...gross!  The portion was huge & I only had 4 bites before I decided I had enough butter in my mouth.  It was not good in my opinion. 
I asked for the dessert menu and when I placed it down my waitress asked to "borrow" it but she never came back with the menu. She was the only person who spoke to me.  I ordered the mini creme brulee & it was decent.  However, the portion was perfect for me.  When I left there was two hostess in front, none of them spoke or thanked me for coming in.  They just stood there & stared at me as I walked out.  
The hostesses here are rude & the food is passable. Olive Garden to me taste a whole lot better! I'm definitely not coming back & I'll be sure to tell my friends & family to avoid it!I would recommend this Maggiano's location to anyone. I've never had a bad experience here.After the cheesecake fiasco I came here.  Food was consistent, server was friendly and communicative, food was on point and the timing of the dishes between the 4 courses I ordered wasn't rushed. Introduced my mother to tira misu for dessert and she admitted how delicious this was. A good experience followed by a terrible one from the Cheesecake Factory.I took friends here that came visiting from out-of-town.
Service was prompt and swift, active throughout, the table clean and the olive oil and bread on the table waiting for us as we sat down as a group. This is a group with a big appetite, too, former football players that they were.
Food itself, came out hot and in portions that actually tried to fill my friends. From the gnocchi (best my Italian friend has had at a restaurant in Philadelphia, apparently), to the sausage & chicken pasta, this place served food that was tasty, although unremarkable compared with what people's parents used to make.
Good for bigger groups, they can definitely schedule up reservations for you. They also have a e-newsletter that has coupons and specials that make this place cheaper and better.
Dessert - not bad. Tiramisu was good, but not the best I've had in Philadelphia. The cheesecake was decent, too.
We went at a peak period, so it was busy, and thus we understood that our food would take some time to reach us, and they had extra bread out in short order after a request. At least we didn't leave hungry!This is my second time dining here. I came here once before and I could've sworn I left a Yelp review but apparently not. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the hostesses. I asked if they had a table for one. I am traveling for work alone and was interested in splurging on some serious calories since I worked hard and didn't eat all day. They said I could sit over near the bar, at the high top tables. That didn't look very attractive to me especially since it was right by the door and I was freezing. I asked if I could sit in the dining area. The two hostesses looked at each other, and then went on to say yes, that's fine. Obviously, it was some kind of an issue because I was dining by myself. It's hard enough going out to eat by yourself, you would think the hostesses would realize that and be a little bit more friendly. However, my server was really great and welcomed me. He recommended a great Pinot Grigio Italian blend. I ordered a small chopped salad and a small baked ziti. I'm pretty sure I got the exact same thing as I ordered the last time I was there. I was brought over bread and olive oil, the bread was just OK. The salad came out soon after that and was absolutely delicious. The avocado was fresh, there were prosciutto flakes, and the dressing was mixed in. I highly recommend that. Get a small because the small even was a huge portion. The baked ziti was pretty good, better than last time I remember. Also, a big portion. I only ate half of both dishes and brought the rest home. It didn't take very long to come out, actually the perfect amount of time to enjoy my wine and bread. However, I left there with a really bad stomachache. It may not have been the food but possibly because I went from an empty stomach to a full stomach really fast. I was going to order dessert, but my stomach ache started kicking in. I'll together, with tip and tax it was $40 which isn't bad for an Italian restaurant when you add the wine. Overall, I probably won't be returning because the experience was just OK. Shout out to my server, Josh, who definitely made the experience much better.This place has the atmosphere, the Sinatra music, the linen tablecloths and wait staff in tie. Huge portions I mean huge. All the staples you'd expect with new Italian dishes too. We had calamari and shrimp app. Nice house wine. Entrée veal parm and linguine di Mar mouth watering good and five pounds of take away. Cappuccinos were super good. We had a nice dinner, sang along to Frank, Tony, and some new guys. Nice time.Mediocre Italian food at best. Bland tomato sauce, over cooked pasta. We had to ask for everything-refills on drinks etc.  service was distant. They took our pepper,salt etc and never returned. Place was closing in an hour but why are you cleaning off our table? While I'm still eating? Actually 5 minutes after delivering my food? Silly it was it was. Would not recommend this place.Everytime my family and I have to attend an event downtown, we make a reservation here for a nice dinner. We've been doing that for years, BUT the last time we were there it wasn't so hot. I mean, the atmosphere is great and the waiters are polite and attentive and just plain great, but the food has been declining slightly. We order tons when we come here, just to go all out for the evening, though only the appetizers and desserts were absolutely delicious. I don't know, maybe it depends on the day you go (we usually go on a week night, figuring the weekends must be packed) or what chef prepares your food. I wish I could give it 5 stars, I would have maybe a year or two ago. But... I think it's great for a date and if you need to find a place to impress business clients or whatnot. Oh, and pricing. What do you expect at a prime italian place downtown?I love this place. Service awesome. And if you have enough people to do family style dinning do it you won't be sorry. Make sure you wear your fat pants the serving of food are really large. Also if you plan to buy wine you should probably just buy a bottle and split it with someone.Despite being a chain of restaurants, this place maintains delicious quality in their food. Mushroom ravioli is a must try for everyone. Vegetable gnocchi is their chef's speciality!! Highly recommend this place for everyone!!It's easy to make a great pasta dish. I haven't been to many Italian places in the city, but I recently stopped at Maggiano's and it was one of the best experiences I've had at an Italian Restaurant. I know how difficult it must be for the servers to keep a smiling face and stay on point, but it was terrific. The food was exceptional and I can't think of anywhere else I'd rather go.Despite being a chain, I've always enjoyed my meals at Maggiano's. 
I have tried a number of things on the menu, some favorites being: Linguine di Mare, Gnocchi and Italian Sausage, Mom's Lasagna (which I had last night and was really impressed with - a great piece of lasagna), Chicken Saltimboca (I went for the lighter take, which was a great choice), and plenty of appetizers.
Service is typically very good. Last night, our server, was a little disappointing. 
I keep going back because I signed up for their e-mail coupons and they send out some really great deals, which are hard to pass up.We first went as part of a conference kick-off event, have come back twice over the past two weeks ~ and we live in the 'burbs!  Directly across from Philadelphia/Center City Marriott, within a block of other major hotels.  Food made me feel like we were in South Philly "in the day," bar felt like it was out of Cheers, service was top notch - shoutout to Ariel from Elsa!  The eggplant parm was sublime.  My hubster introduced me to dipping the wondrous bread in olive oil, the dust with the grated Parmesan - YUM!Three of us ended up near Love Park on a cold and wet Sunday night.  Hadn't planned ahead, but saw Maggiano's on this helpful site. It turned out to be a tremendous surprise. 
As soon as we checked in at the front, we were shown to a spacious but comfortable table.   Water, fantastic warm bread, butter and olive oil were ready for us as soon as we were seated.  Drinks arrived quickly.
Our server was professional, gracious and knowledgable.  Appetizers were full of flavor and just as described on the menu. We had three different entrées, and they were all brought hot and timely,  cooked to perfection, looked and tasted great. 
Overall Maggiano's is a fantastic, well-run, restaurant with professionals in all areas and most importantly tasty authentic food offerings that couldn't have been better.Love this place. I went here while my boyfriend was at the car show. I was the only person sitting at the bar on a Sunday morning. The bartender was fantastic. I order take-out from here often and am never disappointed. We are always treated well. Everyone is always so polite.This was suppose to be a gourmet Italian restaurant. Other than the hostess seating us n asking how was our meal, nothing "gourmet" about this place at all. We went here for a birthday dinner. Our hostess was the best highlight of our night. She gave us some recommendation n was very attentive too. The place wasn't busy, so why our waitress wasn't doing that? Anyways they had forgot to put shrimp in my pasta dish. So the hostess apologized n made sure I got it. Even tho it's on the side, I didn't mind about that. But what I do mind is the lobster wasn't pieces of lobster but they were all chopped up!! They loaded up with a bunch of mussels, see pictures. The shrimp was small n had no taste at all!!! For this price, I can definitely do better!! I will NEVER ever return here again!!!One of the better Italian chain restaurants.  The menu is is filled with traditional favorites as well as some creative selections.  Nice atmosphere for a family gathering (we were there for a local college graduation celebration).  Service was just OK.  The waiter seemed to rush us.  I guess they were more concerned with quick tunrovers on a busy Saturday night rather than ensuring a good consumer experience.  Drink re-ordering was slow.  They probably could have sold us another couple of rounds.  I also didn't like the fact that they didn't remove the empty glasses when a new round of drinks / wine were brought to the table.  3 rounds of empty glasses sitting on a six top all they way thru dessert is unacceptable.  The waiter seemed surprised when we asked for a dessert menu.  He wanted to drop the check without even asking if we wanted dessert and coffee (which we did order).  We could have made reservations at an authentic Italian restaurant in the Rittenhouse Square area but their prices are super inflated due to the neighborhood they're in.  All-in-all, just OK.I recently came to Maggiano's in Philadelphia for a rehearsal dinner. We had a private room and the servers were really great. All the food came out family style, from the salads to the entrees to the desserts. I, of course, had to have a little bit of everything and it was all delicious. Will be back again.When I entered the restaurant, I was in an absolutely miserable mood having just received some the worst news of my life. Thus I did not expect to enjoy my supper. However, the excellence of the meal totally changed my attitude!
I order the steamed mussels to precede the meal and lobster carbonara. The food was very tasty! The mussels came with a couple of pieces of garlic toast that I used to sop up the broth... to die for! 
The when the lobster carbonara came, it was loaded with lobster meat. The sauce was a little thinner that I was expected but I think that is due to the chef making the meal healthier. The taste was superb and reflected a high quality restaurant. 
Because the meal was so good, I decided to order dessert. I had the Zuccocca (sp?) cake. For all you chocolate lovers out there, don't pass this one up. I also order a double espresso and a dark sambuca on the side so that I could mix the sambuca and espresso according to how I liked it. (Often times, in other restaurants, if it premixed, they either put too much in or not enough.) Everything was great and I still have enough sambuca left over for yet another espresso!
All in all, this was an outstanding experience and a I left the restaurant in a very good mood as well as being sated.If your looking for a 'fair' Italian food experience in any major city Maggiano's is a good bet. 
The service here was pretty slow, but the waitress had the whole bar alone, considering that she did a great job (shame on the Maggiano's for not having more help). 
The food was unremarkable, mussels Tuscan, Caesar salad, and Veal. As the rule in chain restaurants the Veal required a steak knife to cut it (rather than a butter knife) so it was chewy and just so-so. 
Overall what I expect at franchised chain restaurants.Ok no exaggeration, in this very sequence what I experienced...
It was cold, the bar area and bathroom area smelled like drunk homeless people, my table was near a side door that smelled like someone had peed on the door and it seeped in and got into the carpet. And that's believable because homeless people do hang out on the same block outside of the 7 Eleven . My flatbread  pizza or whatever it was supposed to be was dry it was like I was eating chicken and peppers on a Huge saltine cracker.  The only thing that was enjoyable was the cheese cake and tiramisu that we ordered, my mom loved the spaghetti but overall it was a bit of a wack experience and a waste of money. I definitely would have been better of at a local Olive Garden where having lunch in the past I've never experienced the disgusting smells and being chilly.Maggiano's is one of the better chain restaurants for Italian food. Actually, I think it's the best and a favorite of mine. I have never been to this particular location but it's still as good as the other ones I've been too. There is always something new on the menu. 
Do try the bruchetta bar. You can select 5 from the 6/7 they have. The classic is always a go to. I had the roasted pear and spiced shrimp. I don't think you can go wrong with any of the selections. 
Typically my go to here is chicken parm, which is out of this world good by the way! However, this time I tried the chicken saltimbocca. It's chicken with prosciutto and a mozzarella cheese in a cream sauce served with spaghetti. Soooo good!!!!Everything is perfect in this restaurant, even when they have a very fancy look their prices are very affordable.Delicious food! Our first meal in Philly, and we chose well. 
For starters the standard bread with olive oil was delicious and we also ordered several appetizers. The chicken sausage margherita flatbread, a 4 cheese fonduta, and prosciutto wrapped asparagus. All excellent. Personally, I'm not a fan of the whole tomato slices on flatbread, but I know that's the traditional way of doing things. Even with the tomatoes, the flatbread was still delicious. We loved the chicken sausage. The 4 cheese fonduta was very smoky and peppery, but with the hard bread they provided it was balanced. I personally didn't have the asparagus, but they were eaten.
For reasons unknown to me, I had decided it wasn't enough to have appetizers and a meal, so I had tomato basil soup as well. It was very good, but had more tomato than I was used to.
The three entrées that were then ordered were the Taylor ziti, fettuccini alfredo, and shrimp scampi. No complaints. Mine was the ziti, and it was very good. I didn't get very far in before I had to box it, but the small pieces of sausage in the sauce really added to it. I could have used more cheese, but that's a personal preference. 
The only thing that wasn't superb was the crème brûlée. It was more pudding/custard textured than they typically are, and the flavor seemed a little off. Still decent though. 
We could have had slightly more attentive service, as our drinks weren't refilled quite to my liking, but overall they took care of us.The bar is a beautiful replica of a 1940 era style bar, nice woodwork and old fashioned tile flooring. Bartender was extremely friendly and helpful, had the Tuscan style mussels. I don't like butter and before I could finish telling him so he recommended I have them prepared with olive oil in lieu of butter in the white wine. They were fantastic, also had a side meatball. It was a three meat (pork/veal/beef) combination started as seared to seal the juices then finished by baking, again fantastic flavors. All the staff was very friendly and obviously care a great deal about their patrons. Highly recommendThis goes to the poor service. We had issues throughout our meal that were inexcusable. We had to ask several times for an appetizer, then 1 main course came after everyone's meal and one of the kids beer received ice cream even though the table was served. Even getting and paying the check was a challenge.  We had 2 waiters and neither seemed attentive to our table or cared that things were slow and wrong. Seems like many others have the same experience. 
Go to KOP - much better!
Sadly the food was very good