Good pie. Especially like the three for $14 on Friday nights. Would recommend. A little on the expensive side but it's nice for a treat every now and thenThe banana cream pie on Magpie's spring menu is the banana bomb. It's topped off with a dollop of whipped cream. But why ruin it by sprinkling corn flakes on top of it (maybe crushed pretzels would be better?) Fortunately you can order it without the corn flakes if you are seeking banana perfection.Lovely space. Greeted right on cue and the ladies behind the counter were super friendly and knowledgeable. We got a visual tour of each pie and decided on the cherry, which was delicious. We also had the awesome housemade ginger ice cream. Service was really impeccable. We will be back! And probably walk out with a whole pie next time.Oh heavenly deliciousness. I've only visited Magpie once, but it was enough to know there's something special here. Their pie menu changes regularly to keep with the seasons, and from my own experience, their pie is GOOOOOD.
Not only did I really enjoy the pie that I tried during my visit, but I also purchased their cookbook and have really loved the pies I have made thus far, which only confirms how great they are at making pies.
If you're visiting Philly and love pie, Magpie should be on your to do list!This place is different and worth a visit. They also can provide pies to you to take home and store. We have had both and they taste great both ways. 
There are three things that I think really make this place.
1. They are always changing up options, which makes me want to pop in and see what delicious new pies they have.
2. They make both delicious savory and sweet pies, so if you and your travel mate like the opposites, it makes for a perfect marriage :)
3. Continuing from number 2, there is the "Mole Chili Frito Pot Pie." Remember Fritos?! You have to try this one!Magpie is only a couple blocks from my house, so I'm pretty scared about how often I'm going to go here. This place is adorable inside and has a selection of 5-7 sweet and savory pies at any given time. I had their caramel apple pie and absolutely loved it - who doesn't love pie. It was especially great because they drizzled caramel over the top before serving it. They also have great coffee and hot drinks, so I'll probably stop in here pretending to only get coffee, but mostly wanting an excuse to check out their pies. 
They also offer pie making class all summer long - definitely on my to do list.Tried Magpie last night after reading a bunch of great reviews. Both tables were full so we sat at the bar. We were greeted right away by Courtney, our waitress. She was helpful with making suggestions on what to try and easy to talk to our entire time at Magpie. I had the shepherds pie and my friend had the chicken pot pie. Both were excellent! My shepherds pie came topped with a cauliflower mash which was a great addition to a pie that would have been fine on its own. For dessert, we both had a slice of butterscotch bourbon. In one word: amazing! It was so creamy and the crust was perfect. They change their menu often so we're looking forward to going back again! They also offer a pie making class twice a month which we're also anxious to try. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!My friends and I had a slice of the  Butterscotch Bourbon and the Butter Almond Pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side. Both very tasty and the service was quick. Wish the pie was served warm, hence the 4 stars. I'm sure they'd warm the pie if you asked them too, which we did not ask for. Worth the visit.I may be one of the few who think that this place is a little overrated. Don't get me wrong - I do love the ambiance of this place tucked in on South Street and the pies are good, but for me it was a little too hyped up.
A few friends and I came after eating at Entree BYO (just a few stores down, conveniently), and came here for dessert. It took quite a while to get our orders in, since there was only one person manning the tables. We ordered a sweet pie and a savory one - I liked the savory one a lot; the pie crust was very buttery and the filling was extremely hearty. In comparison, the sweet pie (a Mexican chocolate pie) faded into the background.The great thing about Magpie is their changing menu with new savory and sweet pies... this also sucks because if you LOVE pie you better find out if it's just a monthly special! My personal savory pie fave is the shepherd's pie and sweet is coconut cream... sadly both are specials!! 
On this trip we came in just for dessert. I got the cheery custard pie and my friend got the Thin Mint. Both of us were happy with our choices and were ready for a nap when we got home ;) 
Magpie is a great place, they've found a unique and fun way to enjoy a traditional comfort food. I'm always happy when I leave there.I could talk about pie all day. Apple pie. Strawberry rhubarb pie. Raspberry plum pie. Key lime pie. I'm pretty much a pie connoisseur, so when we stopped in the other day for a couple of iced lattes to shake off our grogginess, I had to try at least one of these yummy pies. The blackberry hand pie was fantastic! The crust was perfectly flaky and the sweet blackberries inside were incredibly flavorful. I love the balance of sweet and savory pies and how the menu changes along with what's in season. Looking over the bar at an arrangement of homemade pies was enough for me to get ready to come back!Upon my return from Seattle and my life-changing discovery of Pie in Fremont, I implored the Philly Yelpers to tell me where I could get a slice of heaven on this coast.  There were few options that came up in other towns and a few places that had pie on their menu but none that revered pie enough to make it the main attraction.  
The pie gods must have heard my cries because 18 months later Magpie is here!  At the first chill in the air, I pulled on my boots and headed over for lunch.  The fat kid living inside me made sure I ordered a sampling so that I could get my pie fix.  As it was late summer, their menu was true to the season.  For savory, I ordered the tomato and corn and croque monsieur.  For sweet I ordered the apple pie and lime with basil.
Magpie is ridiculously cute inside.  It is very simple with adorable warm wallpaper and a long marble bar with stools.  I also love the simple but vintage pendant lights.  
I brought my pastry riches back to the office.  My intention was to eat each a savory and a sweet for lunch and then save the other 2 for dinner.  Of course, I couldn't help but try all four.
The tomato and corn was quite flavorful and simple.  The corn was not over cooked or mushy so it had a good texture.  The pickled veggies that come with each savory pie had good crunch to them.  The croque monsieur was ok but the mustard was too strong for me.
The lime custard was great and had that citrus smack that I love in lime pies.  The basil whipped cream topping took it to another level.  The apple pie was possibly the best I have ever had (and I didn't even warm it up).  
I can tell that the pie is made from scratch and totes the artisinal label, but it comes at a price. That is where my heart broke. For those 4 pieces, my bill came to almost $30 ($8+ for savory and $5 for sweet).   What it did do was show me that my love for pie will forever burn in my heart and so I will have to start making them at home.  Otherwise, I will have to wait for special days to bellyup to their counter.Love local places, esp specialty shops and Who doesn't love pie?! We wanted to try both sweet and savory, so he got the coconut cream pie (nice balance of coconut, not too sweet) with some decadent white hot chocolate. I'm trying the chicken and biscuit pot pot, beautiful and tasty.    The biscuit was a little peppery and i wouldn't call the filling quite thick enough, but still tasty.  But for me it's all about the crust!  Buttery, flaky, and smothered with the remainder of the savory pie made for a perfect finish.  We will be back.
it's not a huge place, but the staff is super friendly and helpful and the decor is cute.  Sweet pie runs around $6 and savory around $9.50 - but filling and a complete meal served with some nicely dressed greens.I live right around the corner and have been desperately wanting to come, but alas, my boyfriend who doesn't love dessert as much as I do always shoots down the idea. I was home from work with a cold, I was feeling crappy and needed a pick me up- enter Magpie I dragged myself there and ordered a slice of the cinnamon coffee chocolate pecan. Not one of the flavors overpowered, they all worked in harmony to create sweet pie-perfection. Since I took it to go, I popped it in the microwave so everything was warm and gooey (not sure if they do this in the shop, but they should!) 
I have since started to follow them on Facebook, where the post what the weekend pie trio theme is. I can't wait to go back and try the other offerings and won't take no for an answer from the boyfriend.Craving something sweet?!? This is your place for a late night bite or anytime of the day. They have a cute counter with full service hot and cold beverages. Serving La Colombe coffee. I love how they are open until 11pm. A great place to end the night with a date or talk among friends.  
Ordered: apple pie a la mode was the main reason we stopped in, but I couldn't resist the coconut creme pie. I told the waitress that we were going to finish the apple pie in the shop and only take a couple bites of the coconut and bring the rest home. The first bite took me away... the pie crust was perfect, nice and flakey and the filing was just right, not to sweet. We finished both slices of pie... 
Services: the ladies here are sweet and very knowledgeable. They took the time to talk to use about the owner and the establishment. She mentioned that the owner's great grandma's original pie recipe hangs on the wall. Also, checked on how we were doing mid dessert.
Overall: can't wait to go back and try their signature sweet pie and looking forward to trying their savory pies too!Pricey but tasty for a treat every once in awhile when I'm in the mood for pie. The butterscotch bourbon pie is really buttery and tasty, but I recommend eating it chilled - seems to be one of their bestsellers and the style reminds me of Momofuku's crack pie. The chicken pot pie is also unique and good for a first taste, but not sure if I'll get it again w/ the price.Update- still a fun place to go for a slice of pie, but I don't recommend buying a whole pie here. When I did, they basically charged me by the slice, so a regular-size pie was over 40 bucks.This place is amazing! From its delicious pies that are surprisingly not heavy to its fresh interiors - what's not to love about magpie!
Ate the chicken pot pie with biscuit and chocolate black out....both left me wanting more! Looking forward to trying other flavors the next time around cause I know I'll be back!
Note - get there early, or else you may note get your choice of pie.So, went here for the first time today. We had the Apple pie al la mode! It was fantastic and so was my cappuccino! The Decor was simple & modern with a touch of whimsy. Great stop for some sweet decadence, I highly recommend! Also bring someone to split a slice with, they are pretty sizable.Came back for more pie. The chocolate cream was amazing and the butterscotch bourbon was tasty as well. I liked the last bourbon pie better though. The person working there gave me less ice cream and whipped cream than the first time :(I have not tried the savory pies so this review is only for the sweet pies.  
I love pies (sweet ones not savory) but they prevent me from achieving buns of steel and washboard abs - Magpie is definitely not helping. Even though I love the idea of catching up with a friend in the city over a slice of pie, Magpie pies are so good that I don't think I can leave after only eating one slice.
I first tried the bourbon butterscotch pie, fell in love with the flaky and flavorful crust and the filling that wasnt overly sweet, and subsequently took a pie making class on Valentines day (fun and recommend) where I learned how to make raspberry chocolate pies and apple crumb pies. Also learned that Magpie makes most of their stuff from scratch, even the marshmallows!The key lime mango pie was spot on!!! Def recommend it. The best key lime pie I had was in Key West and Magpie came close to it. Well doneYummy pie!!! Mmmmm reminded me of something my great grandmother would have made but Magpie's was so much better! I had the Berry Lavender pie and t was just amazing.  It had blackberries, raspberries, strawberries and a few other types of berries...it was very good! I cleaned the plate! The server was very nice! 
It has a very short menu though just as a sidenote and some pies are seasonal line the apple which is what I really wanted but it wasn't on the menu because apples aren't in season!Novelty does not equal quality. 
1. The crust was neither flaky nor buttery. Buttery crusts typically are flat and flaky crusts are not the best. If one is unsuccessful at both, maybe you shan't open a pie place. 2. No mastery of the classics (apple crumb =avg), and uninspired flavors. Sure, the salted caramel apple pie decent,  but so is Starbucks' salted caramel mocha. The so called signature butterscotch, was not custard-y at all--more similar to butterscotch pudding poured into a mediocre pie crust. The pecan pie was off base as well--overly coffee tasting, and separate layers of a gelatinous corn syrup filling, coffee something layer, and burned pecans. This experience was incredibly disappointing. Especially because I'd love to support a local business, and the decor is so amazing! 
The last straw though, are the TINY slices that are 5 dollars each. I wouldn't recommend this place one bit. 3 slices of mediocre pie are not worth $19--and  we were not offered whipped cream.The best pie place you'll find in the Philadelphia area. Sweet or savory, you can't lose.Been here plenty of times. Their menu is always changing and they make the pies fresh, so it's not uncommon to see they've run out of a flavor. When they had the girlscount mint chocolate flavor, that was the bomb. They always have these milk steamers (they can use any milk!) that are absolutely delicious with a late-night bite, because it's delicious side to dessert without the caffeine. I love going here and am always sad when I see the "Sorry, no more pies" sign, but thankfully haven't seen it enough to make it a deal-breaker.Very cute place, quick and friendly service, good savory pie -mac & cheese was the best vegetarian option.We got their sampler.  I preferred their pies with fruit filling.  The cherry plum almond, peach pie and blueberry pie were delicious.  After eating blueberry pie from this place I can never get it from anywhere else.  The bourbon butterscotch and their almond pie were sickeningly sweet.  Expensive, but good fruit filling.If I could give Magpie a higher star rating I would. This place is amazing. It's like having your mother cook a fresh pot pie as soon as you order it (although your mothers is better right? RIGHT?... actually, probably not). 
As soon as you walk in the smell of fresh pot pies hits you and you start salivating. The only solution at that point is to dig in. When your pie is set before you everyone stops talking. Every once in a while someone will utter how delicious their pie is and then steal a bit of yours cause it looks so good. But it's ok, steal some of theirs cause you know you want to. You have to. 
My favorite so far is the chicken pot pie. The chicken, veggies, the crust all just melts together and it's heaven in your tummy. 
It's a great place to go during the winter to warm up and get that spring in your step again. 
I would recommend this for the out-of-towner as well as the person who lives a block away and, sadly, hasn't tried it yet.Most of the pies I've had here, both sweet and savory, have been pretty darn good. Though I've had a few passable pies, the odds are that anything you order will be good. I love the mixed berry and peach. On the savory side, the pulled pork and samosa pies are great. The place is really cute, with a pie bar! The ice cream is pretty good! The servers are always cool. This is a great stop on date night.Great experience here tonight!  Amazing pies and friendly service (shout out to Madison who was very personable). We came in for the special pie and beer tasting night. Generous portions and goooood deal! The pies just kept coming. I stopped by at 7:30 and it was packed so we came back at 8:30. They were friendly and said they'd love to get us in and would have a table soon. We eventually got in and the savory pies to start were awesome (chicken pot pie and Mac n cheese). For dessert we got three: bourbon butterscotch, lemon gingersnap, and caramel apple. Favorites were the lemon gingersnap, and my husband the bourbon- although the apple was great too. All very flavorful. Beer pairings were a great compliment- lager, stout, cider, and dogfish head namaste. Will be back in December to do this again!!My first time here was for a cooking class where we made strawberry crumb pie. So delicious! I absolutely never bake and have never made a pie before and yet I left feeling like an expert ! 
I have been back a couple times since and every time has been good. I tried their bourbon butterscotch and may be slightly obsessed with their chocolate crumb pie. I can't wait to try their savory stuff but until then this will be my go to dessert place.Mmmhmmm, super yummy chicken pot pie. Dense crust keeping the flavorful ingredients and sauce inside of the pie and not just making everything mushy. Veggies were fresh and had bite, sauce and chicken flavored just right. Looks deceptively small and is so filling. Not sure I will be able to fit any of their really yummy looking sweet pies..ahh of course I will ;) it'll be the seasonal Cranberry Blackberry Pie.I stopped by here for an indulgent afternoon snack on a Sunday afternoon to close out a visit to Philadelphia. Between two of us we shared a slice of the butterscotch bourbon and the cranberry apple walnut (pie of the month). The butterscotch bourbon was amazing, deep richness and complexity of flavors but also something I don't see typically at pie shops. The cranberry apple was great as well and a bit more traditional balancing the tartness of the cranberries with the sweetness of the apple. Although I'm a fan of pie, I'm pretty bad at describing the different crusts but I'll say I liked the crust on the butterscotch bourbon between than that of the cranberry apple (not such a fan of the thicker, buttery edges of the crust that are harder to break with one's fork, but this is a personal preference I'm sure). Anyways, Magpie is great, I was disappointed I didn't come here earlier in the day to try one of their savory pies as well. Maybe next time I'm in Philly!SO GOOD! both sweet and savory pie selection, very cute little interior, and not too overpriced. And the option to turn a piece into a milkshake is definitely a plus. Would definitely recommend this place to satisfy everyone's pie cravings!After one bite of their May special (lemon buttermilk with saltine crust), I stopped being able to speak in complete sentences for a while. All I could do was eat pie, moan at the taste of the pie, and mutter the word, "perfect" while taking another bite. So, I decided to gather up some of my rambling thoughts about Magpie for your reading pleasure:
P: pies that are exquisitely crafted from scratch every day
E: easily the best dessert spot in town
R: really adorable waitstaff that are spunky, knowledgeable, and sweet (as pie)
F: feeling like I'm in a cloud when I bite into the butterscotch bourbon pie
E: eating/drinking the pie milkshake, especially with crumb
C: crumb pies, custard pies, savory pies, fruit pies, quiches, pot pies, oh my!
T: that feeling when you get the last slice of the night of the pie you desire most
TBH, you should probably stop reading and just head on over there right this second. Tell Simone I said hi.This place redefines what we know as pie. The bourbon butterscotch was absolutely exquisite, and from what I saw my friends order everything listed was delectable. Savory or sweet, these pies will change your life. I'm serious. These pies have had a lasting effect on my life. Forever. The decor was very cozy, with soft lighting and handmade decorations. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Overall, it felt like I was just spending an evening at home, only a world-renowned pie chef was tending to my every need.Omg.   This is amazing.  We had Mexican hot  chocolate and butterscotch bourbon pies. Amazing!!We ducked in here to enjoy some pie, iced coffee and air conditioning on the uncharacteristically warm day. We had a slice of pear ginger pie, two coffees and an iced tea between us. 
The pie slice was generous, which it should be for its $6 price tag, with a healthy portion of fresh whipped cream. The pie crust was flaky and moist and delicious - I often leave edges of pie crust aside, but here, I found myself sneaking bites of the crust before I had even finished the filling. The ginger wasn't as noticeable as I would've liked, but the flavor overall was good anyway. The whipped cream was perfect -- great consistency, not too sweet.
Iced coffee is good and strong. Sugar syrup and almond milk were available on request. 
We got a bit of a vibe that they didn't love that four of us sat there for 80 minutes or so chatting, but maybe that was us and not them. The rest of the place was empty, so we didn't feel like we were being greedy taking up a table. I definitely hope to be back to sample more slices.I am so grateful to Magpie for getting Philadelphia out of the cupcake rut! Magpie treats pie baking like a craft - dreaming up delicious flavor combinations beyond the traditional. The crust is, by far, the best part of a Magpie pie - flaky and slightly crisp on the outside but tender inside. No tooth cracking crunch here! Flavors like lime custard are elevated past the likes of the traditional key lime pie by the addition of a sublime basil custard and pistachio crunch. The caramel custard takes on a deep smokey flavor with the addition of bourbon. The fruit pies are equally delicious as Magpie utilizes the freshest local fruit of the season. My go-to savory choice is the Chicken Pot Pie which is instantly comforting and chock-full of meat and veggies. Pull it out of the oven on a crisp Fall day and you'll completely forget that your mom didn't make it for you! Last, but not least, do yourself a favor and get their salted carmel latte - an instant belly warmer and perfect complement to any of Magpie's apple pies.I stopped in for the first time with my significant other and was very impressed with the pie, venue, and service. The venue isn't too big but has enough space at the bar or tables to sit. It also has a lot of cute decorations to make a date or time with friends/family enjoyable.
As for the pie, I went with the cafe mocha. It was sooooo good! The cream was light and had a rich coffee flavor. The crust was buttery and flaky, but maintained its form well. I also got a side of ice cream and the bill came out to $8.50. Looking forward to coming back to try more pies and hope to venture into the savory ones!
(They also have cooking classes online. It's something I hope to do, but you have to book well in advance!)Great food. My wife and I shared the savory mac & cheese pie with pulled pork. Then we finished with a slice of Apple pie. A must stop if you are any where near South Street!Magpie makes pie and brews La Colombe.  The menu is concise and divided into sweet and savory selections.  A sweet pie runs about $5 a slice, while a personal sized savory pie ranges from $8-9.  And because Magpie keeps its menu focused and simple, it means that these homemade pies are really, really, really good.
I came here on a frigid January night with one of my besties for the Winter Warmer special: one savory pie, one sweet pie, and your choice of coffee or tea ($14).  We both got the Chicken Pot Pie: a small but dense concoction of tender chicken, buttery vegetables, warm gravy, and a flaky savory crust.  All of the ingredients worked really well together and the pie was perfectly sized.  I also enjoyed the breadcrumb and cranberry sauce topping, reminded me of a mini Thanksgiving dinner.  As for dessert, I opted for the Butterscotch Bourbon pie while my friend ordered the Chocolate Cinnamon Coffee Pecan.  Both were served with homemade whipped cream and tasted amazing.  My pie was soft, creamy, and sweet without being overpowering.  Hers had a warm chocolatey center with a soft flaky crust to balance it out.  You can really tell when you taste the pies that they're made with care and quality ingredients.
Magpie also gets bonus points for the terrific, personal service and free wifi.  The servers could not have been nicer or more helpful, and really make you feel at home.  My only gripes?  One could argue that the pie is just a tad pricey (but you are getting top notch ingredients and pie), and perhaps next time I would ask for a knife to help make it easier to eat.
An outstanding addition to the South Street scene and definitely not to be missed.Homemade pie blended inside of a milkshake?  SERIOUSLY??? SIGN ME UP EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK (and twice on the weekend)!!!
So, my coworker/good friend knows that I have a serious issue with all things sweet.  So whenever she sees a blog or article of something ridiuculously sweet, sugary and just overall amazing, of course she always fills me in.  Magpie totally met the 1) sweet 2) sugary and 3) overall amazing criteria - so when Diana clued me in, it obviously became my new life's mission to get to 1622 South St. 
Attempt #1 was at 6:30PM on a Sunday, yes I know - it was a 1/2 hour before closing.  So I should not have been surprised when they were all out of sweet pies.  When at first she doesn't succeed, this gal tries and tries again!  
Alas -  this past Saturday my husband promised to take me after his basketball tournament. As I've noted in previous posts - my husband lacks a sweet tooth (perfect case of opposites attracting).  Usually, he will just try a bite of my dessert and that will hold him over for days/weeks.  But after smelling and seeing the delicious assortment of pies, he ordered the caramel apple pie (the crust was so good that it could be packaged and sold on any street corner in a glassine bag marked "good stuff").  For me, I ordered the Lemon/Basil pie shake - so, so, so good! I'm sure I will be reuniting w/ said Lemon Basil shake in the very, very near future!What to do in Philly on a dreary, rainy day? Whatever you are thinking scratch it and reprogram your brain now... Pie! 
Pie is the answer!
Warm delicious and savory quiche with a salad of fresh mixed green. The portion looks small to the naked, hungry, eye but is dense and surprisingly filling!! 
The coffee is grand! 
The service exquisite!
This place has seating for 14, but while I was there I saw many people come in for takeout. 
My friend and I met for conversation and lunch and stayed for dessert!! The menu is short and simple yet the choices are still difficult because it is all so YUMMY!First the pies are awesome, especially the savory ones. The menu rotates a fair amount which keeps things interesting and the seasonal choices are on point.  The ratatouille or mac & cheese pot pies are especially divine.  The atmosphere is cute and warm while the staff is generally quite friendly.  The downside of magpie is that the place is pretty small and frequently understaffed which can mean long waits and very noisy meals.  I get the sense whoever is working (often alone) is trying trying to juggle all the costumers but at some point they just cant keep up with it all by their lonesome.  Definitely a good take out spot if you catch them at a more low key hour.If you're in the mood for pie, look no further than Magpie! They have large slices of both sweet and savory pie, so you can have chicken pot pie for dinner and caramel apple pie for dessert. Incredibly delicious and incredibly filling pie - what's not to love? Check out their instagram @iluvmagpie for visuals that will make your mouth water.It's been getting cold recently and, along with the change of seasons, came a craving for a savory, comforting meal.  That craving was only compounded by a horrible cold.  The remedy?  Pie, of course.  Dad was near this new pie shop, and picked up a gouda and squash pie, along with a pumpkin praline.  The gouda and squash was savory, creamy, and flavorful, but didn't taste heavy at all.  The filling was very indulgent and comforting but didn't leave me feeling overly gluttonous, and the flaky pastry crust was light yet buttery.  I can imagine that it would be great with soup when it gets even colder.  I only tried a tiny bite of the pumpkin praline since my usually voracious appetite was quelled by the cold, but it tasted like a creamy pumpkin-flavored hutella pie, which is perfect for the fall.  Dad also got an order of the pie fries but polished them off before I got a bite so, while I can't report on them, I can, in all honesty, give my blessing since he has a very selective palate when it comes to all things pastry-related.  Will definitely be coming here to try out more of the menu in person1Totally cute place! I stopped in with a friend on a Friday night. We were lucky to have been seated at a table. The place was filled with people at the bar, tables and take out.  
We shared Chicken and Biscuit Pot Pie and had a slice of the Butterscotch Bourbon pie. The pot pie was baked in a crust that had just the right crisp, and the biscuit on top was a perfect complement. I have a sweet tooth so the slice of pie satisfied that. 
This is a great establishment on South Street. I would love to come back to try more combos and their milkshakes.Yessss!! The pies at Magpie are so yummy and the service is excellent. The waitresses are very friendly and approachable. The store owner makes the pies in the morning, so they are freshly made every day. It has a very homey feel and it's always spotless. I'm addicted to their Nutella pie. And their Bourbon Peach pie is....omg. And their apple crumb! Fantastic! Great for a post-dinner dessert in the city.I liked it a lot. Got the chicken pot pie and the bourbon custard pie... both were delish and gone in 60sec.Love the fun flavors and extra homemade taste of the pies! We came by after already having dessert at a restaurant nearby and we were not disappointed! I ordered the Lemon Buttermilk pie and the Butterscotch Bourbon pie and could not get enough. We will definitely make this part of our routine post-dinner dessert treat. Also the interior decor is beyond charming!Had my first visit a few weeks back. Nice clean enviroment and the sales staff are pleasant to deal with. I figured I would keep it basic so I ordered the chicken pot pie and a slice of apple pie. 
The chicken pot pie was very good, rich and filling. The crust on the outside was flaky yet firm and crunchy. You can taste the quality ingridients, ie. (fresh cream and herbs) in the filling. The topper on the pie is a soft crumbly cheese biscuit. So once you start eating the pie, its kind of like stuffing added to the pie. This pie is so filling, 2 can share and be satisfied therefore, I feel it is worth the price.
On the other hand the apple pie was nothing special and might I add... overpriced for the size. You get a basic small slice of pie for $5 bucks. And to be honest its pretty much basic, nothing to rave about. The pie does have lots of apples however, you cant even taste the carmael topping. I think the problem here is the crust to apple ratio......The crust is ok, but I feel like the crust tasted better on the pot pie.
I would go back for the chicken pot pie and I would also like to try there other menu offerings of pot pie. 
But as far as dessert goes.....I would look elsewhere.I tried this pie place last Friday evening...I ordered a corn-chedder-tomato pie, expecting, um....a pie.  What I got was a very small SLICE of a pie for $8.00!  Yes it was very tasty, the ingredients were fresh, but the outlandish price of $8.00 for a small slice of pie is well, ridiculous, even by South St. standards.  They were out of most everything else, and I requested to place an order for a whole fruit pie.  I was advised by the very pleasant and courteous waitress that I could order it then, but it would not be ready until Tuesday, 4 days later! (??). One would think that a new restaurant would go out of its way to accomodate the customer.  So, 4 stars for delicious , but small, servings, 2 stars for service but 0 stars for cost.  I will not visit them again based on the pricing of items.  Why is it that places on South St. feel the need to charge outrageous prices for food and clothes??? New York City it's not.Can't speak to the food- ran in at 8:08 pm (they close at 8) hoping to get 2 slices to takeout and was denied even though they had a full bar of people still dining there. Very bizarre. They must not need the business!Had three pies delivered to my home. Got the apple pie, butterscotch bourbon, and tiramisu. The tiramisu and apple pie was nothing special. The tiramisu was very alcoholic. The apple pie was... like I said, nothing special. It felt like there was a mountain-full of apples in the center, but the taste was unspectacular. The butterscotch bourbon on the other hand was really yummy. I think I would come back for the butterscotch, but the other pies were a disappointment.I tried their caramel apple pie yesterday. It was awesome!!! The upper layer of crust was crispy and full of butter aroma. The apple slices inside were excellent, with just right amount of auger, sweet but not over sweet. With caramel on top, I felt I was in heaven. A must try if you live nearby.So, it's taken me a little over a year to write this review either because I'm too busy eating the pie or I'm out of my mind. (Hopefully the former) Anyway, I've been coming here since it has opened and the second I walked in I felt cozy and was welcomed by a well-mannered staff. The "pie ladies" are so great and are on top of the service. The pie is incredible to say the least, and the menu is constantly changing -- they retire pies and bring them back, which has me coming back in hopes for the peanut butter pies. 
If you're a visitor or a native to Philly -- do yourself a favor and become a regular!Dropped in last night for the Winter Warmer Special--it was wonderful.  I had a great Shepherd's Pie (with divinely light mashed cauliflower instead of potatoes), very flavorful and not too sweet Coconut Cream Pie, and a delicious cup of Darjeeling Tea.  Linda had Butternut Squash and Smoked Gouda Pie (and to be honest the squash could have been a bit more done) and Butterscotch Pie (Excellent!) with a superb cup of La Colombe Coffee.  We were thoroughly warmed by the fine and friendly service as well, but unfortunately had to go back out into cold and windy night to go home. Wish we could have stayed there all night!Holly Ricciardi is a brilliant, talented, beautiful, wonderful person. Her pies are equally beautiful and wonderful, and after spending plenty of time with both her and her pies, it makes sense. Pies can be humble, but Magpie pies are not your average pie. Holly can also be humble, but she is not your average baker of pies and goodness. 
This quaint and sweet little shop on South Street is as inviting as the lady behind it all, and you feel just a little bit at home there, even if your home has never looked this adorable. You can hop on a stool at the pie bar, order a slice of happiness and tuck in with no remorse, because everything is just too damn delicious. My personal all-time, hands-down, no-question favorite is the sour cherry pie. However, Holly's commitment to in-season offerings (hooray!) means this is a short-lived seasonal treat in (about) July. 
That's okay though, because I'm perfectly content with allllllll the other offerings. The caramel apple is a constant, and perfect. The butterscotch bourbon is Holly's take on her grandmother's recipe and is genius. Craig LaBan is a devotee, and he's not often mistaken. The pear ginger crumb, when available, is ridiculous. The lemon gingersnap and lemon rosemary offerings, have been standouts. Let's not also forget the banana nilla-wafer pie, which makes the MOST ridiculous pie-milkshake (yes they have that too!) I could have ever hoped to indulge in. The chocolate cloud pie, the lime basil pie, the berry offerings...it's a never-ending parade of pie paradise at this mecca. 
Let's not forget the savory options though--the chicken pot pies, the shepherd's pie with cauliflower, and the chicken & biscuit pies are standout stars all on their own. On the weekend, you can also drop by with a bottle for a BYOB brunch over some quiche...awesome. 
The classes offered once or twice a month, depending, are an amazing way to spend some time as well! 
I miss you Magpie, but I'm sure a visit will be in order soon!!I woke up craving chicken pot pie...In July which I know may be weird, but who hates pot pie?! After looking at reviews I strolled into Magpie to satisfy this craving. Walking into this small shop I couldn't help but notice a few things; first of all it was incredibly clean and airy; second, the smell wafted nuances of sweet and savory as pies sat along the bar, and for some reason I got a South meets Philly hipster vibe walking in. 
The great thing about this place is you have the option of," cooking it yourself" at home. And they seem to take pride in their to go packaging. They do all the work except heating it up. Allowing me to finish the cooking at home meant I wasn't going to be eating a soggy crust, but a crispy right-out-of-the-oven crust. They even include a little card on heating instructions.
As for the food itself, I would give it five stars if I ordered more food, but I only tried the pot-pie. The filling was typical, consisting of peas, carrots, onion, celery, and chicken. The gravy was nicely seasoned with lots of aromatics and a great consistency. The crust and topping is what really elevated it. Its one of those pies where you wish you could order a side of crust. Flaky, crispy, and held its own against all the filling. Next time ill be sure to try one of there many other sweet and savory offerings!I lasted two years in Philly without going here, and I say 'lasted' because I thought once I went in I wouldn't want to leave.  I was right.
I was sad that they ran out of a couple of kinds of pie, but what we ordered was good enough to make me forget!  
The cherry almond pie was chunky, had a fresh cherry taste, wasn't overly sweet, and the almond added a smooth taste and a nice crunch.  What a great combination.  
The lemon buttermilk pie had a cheesecake quality to it but was still unique.  It was light but satisfying.  The crusts on each of the pies were perfect.
I can't wait to go back and try the savory pies, and I already know I appreciate them, because there are two vegetarian options.  You're doing a good thing here, Magpie!Really love this spot. A warm and cozy place to get some work done, especially in the winter when nothing is better than a slice of pie and a hot coffee. Recently went for a savory and a sweet pie. Got the chicken pot pie and the pear ginger pie. The crust is ridiculously good and I'm still thinking about that pear ginger pie. It was amazing. Their menu changes pretty regularly but they always have their pies posted online. Definitely one of my favorite places to go when I need to escape from stress and enjoy some comfort food.A haiku review, for you. 
My review is short.
Apple pie, good for the soul.
I should come here more.
Ok but really it's better that I don't. 
And the apple pie is amazing. I could eat an entire one all on my own. It's amazing.
The crust is perfect. You know what I mean- a buttery, flaky blanket that envelops apples that are sweet, and just slightly salty and caramely...perfectly delicious cold; begs for a crown of creamy rich vanilla ice cream when warm. 
Pies are cooler than cakes. Remember that when your birthday comes up folks.Hmmmm I used to tell people that I'm not a big fan of pie, but after a visit to magpie I MIGHT BE A FAN NOW. I went with my bf on a super cold day so going to a cozy small place to eat was a must for us. We settled down in the shop and decided to sit on the couch-like seats (WHICH MADE IT FEEL LIKE HOME) they had the $14 deal on Wednesday for 1 sweet, 1 savory, and a coffee/tea! Super delish. For sweet we had butterscotch bourbon pie with a side of ice cream and for savory we had the chicken pot pie that came with a side of salad. The chicken pot pie was SOOO good. We should've ordered more :'( totally love this place and I'll def take more of my friends here ^_^I kept hearing how great this place was, and kept meaning to stop by.  Now that my b.day is coming up, and knowing my undeniable and eternal love of pie, I decided to finally check this place out.  Yes, for a whole pie, it's a little on the pricey side, but I'm convinced it's worth it (especially for special occasions).  I came in today, with some knowledge of what I wanted to order (just look on their website...dare you not to drool).  I was given two free samples (Butterscotch Bourbon and Coconut Cream) which were delicious, but didn't quite hit the spot.  However, I was shown one of their seasonal pies: Chocolate Peanut Butter.  (For everyone who knows me, they also know that besides my eternal love for pie, I also have an eternal love for peanut butter and chocolate.)  Needless to say, despite not having a sample taste, I ordered the chocolate peanut butter pie.  I also decided to enjoy the a slice of the one pie that was not up for pre-order: Chocolate Cinnamon Coffee Pecan.  I have had many slices of pie in my years of living...and this one could quite possibly be the best.  (The nice lady at the counter assured me that the chocolate peanut butter was just as amazing.  Can't wait!)  The flavors were perfectly combined for an absolutely delectable flavor.  Went very nicely with the cup of coffee, too.
Come check this place out!  Definitely worth your dollar.Pie is wonderful. Pie shops are my friend.
Magpie has an adorable interior and a happy staff. Their selection of pies is ample without being overwhelming. You know when it seems like restaurants are making up flavors just to look really creative, but instead it seems like maybe someone got drunk in the kitchen? Magpie doesn't do this. There are creative but solid offerings.
Bonus points for the savory pies. It's nice to be fair to people who don't have a sweet tooth.
The butterscotch bourbon is maybe the very best pie in the world. The end.Yum yum yum ordered delivery and it great. Tried pick up once and They are slow for just cutting a pie but still deliciousSuper cute and friendly place with amazing pies. I had my own savory BBQ pork pie as my main and a slice of chocolate mocha for dessert. I also (shamelessly) ate what my friends didn't finish and I STILL considered taking a slice of something I hadn't tried home with me. My only regret is that I haven't made time to come back, but I will remedy this soon (as in tomorrow).Magpie is an underappreciated gem of Philadelphia, garnering lots of deserved local and national press. In fact, while watching a WHYY program about local restaurants, I suddenly realized 10 minutes into the show that Magpie was just a 10 minute walk away, turned off the TV and went there, and have never been disappointed since.  
This is a bit of a second career for the owner, who used to work in public relations and then quit to go to culinary school. Good for her. They've been dishing out all manner of pies, sweet and savory, ever since. They sometimes make their own ice cream. I haven't had the milkshakes, but they look great. I have, however, had the steamers, and they are delicious. 
You might also be interested in the pie classes. I wondered in and left a few hours later with an entire strawberry rhubarb pie, plus got a slice served to me while we waited for the pies to cook.
Give the savory pies a shot. There are pot pies, shepherds pie, but I've also had a pie of sweet potatoes, black beans and chili. They also had a pie with butternut squash, which I would gladly eat once a week for the next year if they had it.
Sweet pies are great and traditional. I've yet to see a Shoo Fly Pie (because you people don't order them), but they do sometimes have Sweet Potato Pie (the queen of pies) among many others.I'm not usually a big pie fan, or fond of sweets either, but Magpie surely satisfied. The shop is small with only a few tables for sit down, but most people order to go anyways. I had the chance to try the strawberry crumble and lemon buttermilk. The strawberry crumble came with real slices of strawberry on top, adding to this slight tarte theme. The lemon buttermilk had a hint of lemon and just melted away all my sorrows. I enjoyed both flavors and will definitely be back to try everything.Wanted to like it.  The shop itself is really quaint.  The waitress is very friendly.  The pie was ok.  Seems like I could make it at home.  Not enough selection.Great Pies and friendly service.  I went and got the chicken pot pie and Mac and cheese.  Both are worth a try.  It's a bit pricey though for what you get.   
An extra if you have some work to do, they have free wifi.  And it works great.Do yourself a favor, dine in, get ice cream on your pie, and a cappuccino. 
I tried to bring a slice of chocolate cream home, and when I got home, I realized the bag is so small, they place the pie in sideways, which borderline destroyed it, and I'm not a huge fan of the summer menu. 
I wouldn't recommend coming here for dinner. The chicken pot pie was okay, but the savories aren't made fresh. They are frozen and heated up to order. I learned this when I brought home savories. But this is one of my favorite places for dessert.
I also personally favor the fall/winter menu over the spring/summer menus (it changes seasonally as fruit goes out of season). My favorite pie ever was the Mexican Hot Chocolate pie, but it was the pie of the month a while ago, so it's uncertain whether or not it will come back. I did, however, call and find out you can special order it for $10 more (which puts it at a steep $48). 
The Cookies & Cream P.O.T.M. is also great.Thoroughly unimpressed with this place. The portions are pretty small considering what you're paying. The variety isn't as big as one would prefer. The savory pies lack seasoning and flavor. The service was mediocre at best. The dessert pies taste much like any other dessert pie at any other pie place. The one thing that I actually enjoyed a lot was the crust - but I don't think many people eat pie solely for the crust. Also, they put too many things on top of the pies to give them better presentation, but those toppings really should be mixed in with the pie to make the pie better all around. Let's just say I'm saltier about going to this place than their savory pies are.Magpie *SWOON* I love thee.
Having walked past your heavenly doors many a time, it took a chilly Saturday evening for me to finally enter your gates and experience your divine pie. From the cutesy decor, adorable chalkboard menu, and sweet-as-pie employees, I knew I was hooked in an instant (in fact I came back the next Saturday). 
Let me cut this pie place down for you. First, they don't just deliver sweet slices, they offer savory pies too (Chicken Pot Pie, Sheppards Pie, etc).  They serve some delish coffee and tea as well.  But back to the sweet pies (can you tell their my favorite?)... Magpie prides itself on using fresh, seasonal ingredients so they rotate their pie offerings on a seasonal basis.  They also change it up a bit by offering a different "Pie of the Month" in addition to that season's selections.  This winter they have been serving up Lemon Curd, Coconut Cream, Butterscotch Bourbon, Caramel Apple.  I've had the Caramel Apple and it was nearly perfect.  I've also tried the Butterscotch Bourbon which actually is perfection and incredibly unique.  When I return I'll probably just keep trying a different  type of pie and will surely update my review.
I just love everything about Magpie and can't wait for my next visit. 
I like to believe that Magpie's pies were likely made in heaven and transported here to Philly to make us happier people. :-)A small wonder, yet it adds so much character to its neighborhood and the city.  It's quite a friendly place to visit, and the staff often works very hard to keep everything rolling (you'd be surprised how busy this little pie shop can get).  On that subject...if you must go here on March 14th, do so because you are genuinely in the mood for a good slice of pie; not because it's what you think is "National Pie Day". (It's not...you've missed it by a couple of months).  Sorry for the rant, but it needed to be said!
Anyway, two of my favorites so far have been Banana Nilla and the Tiramisu.  It's all great stuff though; I follow them on Instagram to keep up with anything new, and I could easily eat here once a month.I'm not usually a sweets person. So you'd think I wouldn't do well in a pie shop, right? Magpie may have just proved this wrong. 
Repeat after me: light flakey crust, sweet potatoes, black bean chili, blue corn tortilla chips, crema. 
What a delightful pot pie! It came out piping hot but my overzealous eyes took over and caused me to try it a lot too soon. Burn! But seriously, once it cooled down it was fantastic. It came with a side salad and was definitely meal sized. So fresh! So tasty! 
I had a bite of the butterscotch bourbon and a bite of the thoroughbred. It was the same flakey, wonderful crust and sweet fillings that had this savory fan enjoying herself with the pot pie. 
Sugar, butter, flour...I thoroughly enjoyed my visit and give Magpie nothing but high praise.An entire bakery revolving around delicious pie. Magpie's is turning into my new favorite dessert stop in Philly; the space looks small but there's plenty of room at the bar counter to sit. 
Pictured is the coffee cinnamon chocolate pecan pie - a fun twist on the old pecan pie classic. The chocolate isn't overwhelming and the crust is so buttery and flaky. Also in the photo is caramel apple pie. It was equally delicious. The slices are generous servings, we were okay with the $6 price. 
Second photo is the menu so you can see what else they offer.I so wanted to give Magpie 5 starts but i had a few issues with their takeout policy as well as the Alex and Cheese pie.  When you order a savory pie to go they don't give you a salad with the pie yet they charge the same amount. In addition the Mac and Cheese pie was very bland and not cheesy enough.i still love their sweet pies and will return. However, I was really taken aback by the no salad policy.Seating is limited to the counter area (~10 stools) and two tables, but the positive reviews made me eager to try this place.  I ordered the much-reviewed chicken pot pie, which is topped with stuffing and accompanied by a side of greens.  I was a little apprehensive at first b/c the stuffing was lukewarm but thankfully, the rest of the pie's contents are piping hot.  I wasn't sure whether the pie would fill me up but to my surprise, it's packed with tender, dark meat chicken and veggies.  I was a little surprised to find kidney beans in the mix.  No potatoes, sadly, but lots of peas, corn, and carrots, all with just the right amount of flavor.  Beware if you're like me and eager to cut into the crust (the best part of any pie, I think) since the "gravy" in the pie will start spilling out, but the crust is delightfully light and worth the gravy spillage.
We also tried the chocolate pillow fluff (the pie of the month) and the bread pudding pie.  The pillow fluff pie is chocolate mousse, topped with melted marshmallow and rice krispies, which add a nice texture. The bread pudding is heated up before serving and tasted amazing.
So now the cons: I've read some reviews criticizing the service.  I did have to ask a few times for my water to be refilled but otherwise, the waitress did check in on us intermittently to ask if we had questions about the pies, which I appreciate. As I mentioned, seating is limited but thankfully, we didn't have any problems finding seats at the counter on a Friday night.  There's also only one unisex restroom, which can mean you might be waiting a bit.  
This also wasn't publicized to us but there's a small sign near the door that talks about a Wednesday winter special: A savory pie, sweet pie, and cup of tea/coffee for $14.  I would definitely cash in on that, since the savory pies will run you $9.50 and the sweet pie slices are anywhere from $5.50-$6.  There's also a sign about a pie-making class, which I'd love to check out at some point.  Oh, and did I mention there's mac and cheese pie?  Yes, I think I'll be coming back.The only problem I have with Magpie is that they need a second location! We used to live 2 blocks away and were able to go and enjoy so much more often. We loved that they were open later because we would get a craving for dessert around 9 or 10 and could go to Magpie! Although they sometimes sell out of certain pies (especially the monthly special) all of their pies are good, so even a backup pie is delicious. Some of our favorite pies include the mocha, nutella cream, and most recently, the cran-blackberry almond. I am typically a chocolate person, but honestly this pie was one of my favorite pies I have ever eaten. Tart but sweet, and the crumb topping was delicious. So, if you are considering going, definitely go, get more than one slice, get some coffee to go along, and enjoy your visit!As much as I love the idea of savory pies, so far I haven't come across one that I love.  I recently tried the new spaghetti herb pie, and it was a cool concept but the flavors just didn't do it for me.  There was tons of cheese which really didn't have a lot of flavor and then some herb which was overpowering that I can't identify.  Also, even though the staff seemed to just be standing around talking, I had to awkwardly wait for someone to acknowledge my presence.I love Magpie. The space is adorable and cozy, the service is outstanding, and food is great. We came here for a coffee the other day and ended up staying for lunch. The savory pies are delicious and hearty. The syrups for the coffees are all made in house. There is a lot of love in this place and you can tell.This would have gotten 5 stars had the server not been so easily flustered and stressed. This venue is tiny, a max of 20-30 ppl, she had no reason to be so high anxiety. It was making everyone around her uncomfortable. Don't work in the service energy if you don't like answering questions. Literally kept snapping at people and then referring to them as "my dear." which only got more ppl annoyed. 
Venue itself was clean, cozy. There is a long bar for you to eat right there in front of the delicious pies. Also 3 smaller tables in a small little cove. Obviously can't fit too large of a group here, but it was fun nonetheless. 
This was suggested by a friend and it did not disappoint when it came down to the dessert pies. We got the sampler which included 7 slices of pie, one of each (5 total) and they chose to give us 1 additional orange custard and 1 additional butterscotch. They also had a very decadent chocolate one, peach, and a berry crumble. My favorite from best to least: peach bourbon, orange custard, butterscotch, berry crumble, chocolate. The chocolate one was very rich and I'm more of a milk chocolate than a dark chocolate. Everyone else enjoyed it in my group, so again just personal preference.
Prices were fair, a little much for the small slices, but the tastefulness of each bite almost made it worth it. We got the sample for a total of 7 people so absolutely worth it cause we each paid $7 to try all of them, turns out to be $7 a slice, so again, steep.
Parking is limited out front as it is in Philly. Beware of the parking signs. Walking and public transport is best option. 
This was a good find and we'll be back for sure. They do offer savory pies as well which sound interesting. Will have to try at our next visit. Happy eating!My friends and I were looking for a place in the city to get dessert. I found Magpie via yelp and I was excited over all the great reviews. I was thrown over the top when I saw they also do savory pies! I ordered the Mac and cheese pot pie- amazing. The crust was so flaky and buttery. The Mac and flavorful and complimented the garlicky roasted tomato bits.They are known for their Butterscotch Bourbon pie so I ordered that as well. It was very good and had subtle hints of bourbon. I think I would like to have the pie heated up next time I order it. We also ordered a Beef stew pot pie to go and it smelled phenomenal.Tried their butterscotch bourbon pie at a friends place and my taste buds were just blown away.. haven't tasted a pie so nice of late!! I went back later that night to Magpie to get some more but they ran out of it.. and cos of that I could try their savory dishes instead.. I got us a chicken pot pie and the quiche of the day and both were scrumptiously delicious!! The only negative is that they are only in 1 location.. how i would love to go back again n again!!Best chocolate pie in the universe. Full point deducted for mistakenly determining that summer is not chocolate pie season. Half point added for wonderful alternate options for in season pies. Potential for 1 billion bonus points if fall is determined to be chocolate pie season. No pressure...
Edit* Yay yay yay hip frickin Whoohah!! Tis the season!
Edit** Nooooooooooo!!! Well smore pie season is a thing I suppose. Will investigate..This place is adorable! And I love me some pie. So what's not to like? Had a savory pie - chorizo and black bean sprinkled with Fritos, and a sweet pie - chocolate coffee pecan or something like that. Both were phenomenal, and this is coming from a dessert snob who usually bakes my own sweets. Plus the decor is super cute - kind of shabby chic meets Parisian bakery. Minus one star for the high price, and also the limited selection. I came in weeks apart and they still had the same exact offering of pies.I had the blueberry crumble with a scoop of ice cream. Delicious! I loved this little cozy nook. I'll definitely be back soon! A++A friend and I stopped in here for dessert after dinner.  Wow their pies are delicious!  And they serve Basset's ice cream with their pies!  HELL YEAH!  Great savory pies as well which is great to see.  I got their salted caramel latte.  It was beautiful and delicious!
They have pie making classes here.  I hope to attend one this year (if my group of friends can get their act together and commit!).
Lovely inside... so pretty and cozy.I am hopelessly addicted to Magpie's pie. The interior reminds me of a soda parlor, cute counter and comfy benches. It's a great place to go on a date or just to nom on pie with friends. My favorite are the the butterscotch bourbon and the apple pie, but I haven't had one that I didn't like. The savory pies are delicious too! Definitely a must-go spot on South St.I obsessed over going to Magpie for a long time because I love pie. I finally made it here and the pie was decent but not my favorite. I had the special which was a Mexican chocolate pie. It had just touch of pepper which I really liked. The butterscotch pie was the other I tried, it was a little too sweet. Although I like the crust alone, I didn't like it with the sweet filling. I want to come back and try a savory pie.The customer service was excellent and layout was really cute. I like the counter service.My favorite pie place in this city! Every year I make it a point to go for Pi day when they have select pies for $3.14! I love that they celebrate it. Their butterscotch bourbon pie is soft and rich and the crust is perfect. Their chicken pot pie is also savory perfection. The chicken is tender and flavorful and paired with the salad and cranberry sauce, it is a very comforting dish. The place itself is a charming and small establishment and one can always have a cup of coffee and pie at the counter or have a more hearty meal at the tables.I love pie. I barely did any research for the trip and saw it in the WHERE magazine while I was browsing at the hotel. We had brunch next door, so finding out that the one other place I wanted to go to was next door was a win-win. There is plenty of seating inside; the interior was tastefully decorated and clean. 
I internally balked at the price of $5-6 per slice of pie and got two slices (caramel apple and butterscotch bourbon) to go. Both pies were good and more than enough to share with some family since everyone just wanted a few bites. Pricey, yes. Quality, yes. Sweet but not overly sweet.
Per their Instagram, they have some dine-in specials on some evenings.I really can't say enough spectacular things about this place. I moved to Philly just after Magpie opened, and I went there during my first week in the city. Never have I been so delighted to have found an eatery so quickly. 
I have since moved away from Philly. Last weekend, I was back for a visit. I took three of my best friends (who live all across the country) to Magpie, and we ended up going back less than 24 hours later because they loved it so much and wanted a second taste before they left.
What's good? Everything. I rarely go in without getting both a savory pot pie and a sweet dessert pie. I recently had a pie milkshake for the first time - indescribably delicious.Great space, great food, great service!
Had a friend's bridal shower here. The staff was charming, fun and fast. There were about 15 of us and we all were served at the same time (no easy feat!)
Had the veg mole which was to die for and the lemon curd. Just sweet/tart enough.
I highly recommend Magpie and will be back!
Thanks for making the day special!The woman working the counter was blatantly rude to me and the people I went with. Not sure whether they were having a bad day or not, but their negative attitude really ruined the experience for us. If you can be downright rude to customers, maybe the service industry isn't for you. As for the caramel apple pie I purchased, she didn't put caramel on it and walked right away without saying anything. When I was given my change back, she placed it on the counter out of my reach. It was a strange experience and I won't be going back. If the woman with long(it was in a bun), brown hair is working, just leave.Magpie is a great place to relax and hang out with someone special or a few friends. I wrote a review on my site about Magpie and you can find the review at www.thefashionablejoe.comSuper cute place! Great ambiance. The pies are really good and they have great ice cream to go along.Quite possibly my favorite place to grab dessert, specifically, pie. To start, the women here are the most friendly servers you'll find in the area. As for the pie, I can only speak for the dessert pies as I have yet to try the pot pies. The dessert pies are by far some of the best pies I have ever had. The crust is the perfect amount of flakey and the fillings are to die for. My top three are the signature bourbon, birthday cake, and my newest favorite, the blueberry peach crumb. Every time I visit I try to try a new flavor and I'm never disappointed as all the pies are amazing. Definitely will be coming back for as long as I'm in the area. A must try destination for anyone with a sweet tooth!Went here for Pi day (because... duh) and I can imagine that they were extremely busy and overworked but I was not greeted with a whole lot of pep or happiness. Overall, 5 stars for the amazing pie and one star for service. Total: 3 stars but we'll be back on a less busy occasionI loved discovering this place on pi day. I shared chicken pot pie, earl grey tea, pie "fries" with pineapple sauce, and chocolate pecan coffee pie.
The only slight disappointment was that the chicken pot pie wasn't made in a way that my mind expected it to taste, so I guess it wasn't as "traditional", but it was still decent. The pie fries were amazing, they're simply pie crusts you dip in a variety of fruity sauce flavors. That's good for me because generally I prefer the crust and don't like having too much of the creamy insides of a pie. The dessert pie was good, probably a bit strong on the coffee flavor but not bad.I found this gem in South street, quite unexpectedly, while going to ballet lessons in the next building! When I got there, it was almost closing so I just quickly chose the butterscotch bourbon pie to-go.....and.......hands down, the best pie I've ever had! 
The flavors are awesome-I could taste all of it. The right amount of sweetness. The crust is not soggy or buttery at all, and goes really well with the filling. The savory pies are also good. The smoked gouda butternut squash pie was very hearty and filling. I would go here everyday if  only lived closer...:)Unfortunately I cannot rate the food here as I have not had the opportunity to try it. I can rate their customer service and it was poor. They lost me as a customer before I was even able to try their pies.  I like supporting small businesses and this experience was so unsettling.  I will try again as everyone is entitled to a bad day and I will give the people there there the benefit of the doubt. I hate giving bad reviews and i only hope that this review serves to teach the owners of Magpie to train employees to treat all of their customers on an individual basis. Fortunately I was able to get the pies I needed from another local business who were AMAZING to deal with.  They have gained a new customer in everyone who got to try the pie. Customers who most likely would have been just as happy with magpie had they tried it.We came here for desserts after dinner. Pies were great but the vanilla ice cream was surprisingly the best! I couldn't put my spoon down. Service was fast and courteous. Would definitely recommend this place!The food is good but the customer service is not. We asked about the items they featured in the Cook's Country magazine, yet did not have them and gave us very short responses. The girl at the register was very cold and not welcoming.I'm giving this place 4 stars because I think it has great potential. I had the buttery caramel apple pie and it was just too sweet, not enough apple flavor because there was so much caramel. I'd be interested in trying another option from the sweet menu and they do offer savory pies, including chicken pot pie which I must try.
The atmosphere was adorable. Perfectly designed inside, cozy and welcoming, and the staff was awesome. 
They also have a winter special -- 1 savory pie + 1 sweet pie + coffee or tea for $14 on Wednesdays. I will be going back, but I'll be ordering something different next time.A gem of a restaurant on South Street (on the nice side of Broad).  The store is small, homey, and has a non-contrived hipster feel (now, don't I sound like a hipster).  Like everyone else has been saying, the must try pie is the bourbon butterscotch.  The filling is velvety without being overwhelmingly heavy.  It is not cloyingly sweet...just enough to satisfy that sugar rage.  I'm a big fan of pie and will choose it any day over cake and cookies, but I'm still particular about what I put in my pie hole (pun intended).  The key to a perfect pie is the crust, and Magpie hits the nail on theirs.  
I'm taking 1/2 star off for how expensive it is (yelp's facists standards required me to take off a whole star).  Each pie slice is $5.50 and if you want to order a whole pie you need to give them 48 hour advanced notice and cough up $35+.  Pretty steep for sugar, butter, and flour, but considering how much love they obviously put in their food I can understand the steep prices.  Highly recommend.Magpie, you adorable little diamond in the rough, why have I waited two and a half years to walk through your darling doors? 
Hosting a guest for dinner from out of town, after a filling dinner of meat and whiskey, we were craving a sweet ending. And though there are oodles of options, I recalled a little spot on South Street I'd passed countless times that I'd been dying to visit without a real excuse to get a slice of pie.
Lesson learned: Don't wait for an excuse to get a slice of pie. You don't need one. You just need this pie.
With savory options cast aside as our dessert desires called out for sugar and spice and everything nice, we ogled the short but delightful menu. While our out-of-towner went straight for the caramel apple, we opted for the highly recommended flagship flavor: butterscotch bourbon, each with a (complimentary) dollop of house made whipped cream. 
My senses sang as I inhaled the aromas of cinnamon, apple, caramel, bourbon, and a crisp crust. My tastebuds tangoed at the flavors, subtle and perfectly blended, with no one shining above the last. While each slice, at first glance, seemed small, we realized these pies were chock-full of filling and two slices were more than enough for three hungry diners. 
We spotted a couple behind us ordering a chicken pot pie and I was tempted to stick around, but a full stomach encouraged me to begin waddling home then, before it was too late. 
This would be THE CUTEST date spot, a great place for gal pals, a bro-brunch, or a go-to for relatives and family of all ages. 
The pies seemed a little pricey initially, but were far more substantial than the cupcakes of that craze of yore, and when you realize the ambiance adds so much to the experience, we felt as if we'd made out like bandits.I went to my friend's bridal shower at Magpie and was very impressed with both the food and the service.  The staff was able to handle our large group with ease.  The food was delicious; I wanted to try all of the savory pies.  I chose the Shepherd's Pie which was amazing.  For dessert, I had the Butterscotch Bourbon which was perfect.  I was afraid it was going to be too sweet (as some butterscotch dishes can be), but it was not.  I am definitely going back!  My only criticism is that their website should have descriptions of the pies on the menu.Pie pie pie pie pie... They have what I want! I was on South Street last night and was in the mood for a tasty treat. They had Carmel apple, oatmeal cookie, chocolate and I believe butterscotch. You can get a deal if you split 3 slices. Would you like your pie warm? This is also an option. Ice cream? Why not. Warm or cold beverage? Sure sounds delicious. 
Great cafe for pie/ice cream and caf. 
CheersThe service was pretty much flawless. 
There was one server/barista and 20 hungry people in the room. Yet, she managed not only to offer quick and cheerful service, but she also checked on how everyone was doing at least 3 times throughout the meal, all while making coffee and taking care of To-go orders. Very impressive. 
Now, onto the pies... 
I must say that I'm very particular about pie crusts. I have adverse feelings toward pies that have thick, doughy crusts, or that are mostly crust and no filling. However, I love the thin, buttery, and flaky crust they use here! They are also pretty generous on the pie filling. Though I wasn't too crazy about their chicken pot pie filling (the veggies reminded me of the ones from the frozen section of the grocery store), I'm hearing a lot of good things about the chorizo chili pie and the gouda/butternut squash pie, so I will definitely need to try those next time I'm here. (Note: all savory pies come with a side of pickled veggies!)
Also... I was really excited about the butterscotch bourbon pie, but when I tasted it, I could not detect any bourbon. If anything, there may have been a slight bourbon "aroma," if you close your eyes and focus really hard. The custard portion didn't really taste like butterscotch either, but I felt it had the right amount of sweetness. Their coffee list seems tasty. I tried the Magpie Pie Latte when I was there. The milk was nicely foamed, but it didn't taste very good. 
Please note that eating here isn't cheap. For $25 (incl. tip), I had a personal chicken pot pie (which fits on a coffee plate), a small slice of butterscotch bourbon pie, and a Magpie pie latte. So far, my taste buds seem a bit conflicted about this place, but overall, I'm excited to go back and try some more pies.Very cute establishment that serves up some mouth-watering pies.  I tried the buttery carmel apple and within seconds (literally), my husband and I had eaten the plate clean.  
At around $6 plus tax a piece, the pie doesn't come cheap.  You'd honestly be better off purchasing a whole pie for the price, but that would be dangerous in our household.
I'm excited to go back to Magpie soon and try their savory options.When you want to treat yourself, Magpie is the place to go. No, it's not for the bargain hunters out there. It is, however, extraordinarily good pie, made with seasonal  ingredients and such care that you can serve it proudly on any occasion. The Wednesday special for lunch or dinner - a slice of savory plus sweet for dessert and your choice of hot beverage is a great eat-in option.Oh Maggie! If there is 2 things that I am a total sucker for is good cake and good pie. Especially apple pie a la mode! I will trudge high and low in search of the ultimate apple pie a la mode. But just pie in general! Like who doesn't love it? Its the classic all Americana dessert and Magpie has got it going on! 
First, my husband read an article in the paper about this famous Apple pie milkshake where they take and actual piece of pie and blend it into a milkshake. He was intrigued so that's what made us walk on over and try it out for ourselves. I personally like my pie and ice cream separate so I ordered the apple caramel pie a la mode. It was perfection. The only thing I wish it had was more crust. I am all about the crust when it comes to pie. I like it thick, buttery and flaky. The crust was buttery and flaky but not as thick as I would like but still amazing. The apples where a perfect combo of sweet and tart! 
Husband ordered the Apple pie milkshake and he devoured it. I had a sip and although it was too rich and over the top for me it was still quite tasty and the sip satisfied my curiosity. 
Our waitress was amazing! Super sweet and made you feel at home and not awkward. We sat at the bar and although the establishment was modern, it felt really homey. I cannot wait to go back and try more pie! I have my eye on the banana cream. 
All in all I am so happy that we found this spot. They are open until 11pm and our sweet tooth usually kicks in late in the evening so I have a feeling we will be seeing more of Ms. Magpie!yum yum yum. had the plum pie most recently - with a cup of fresh Colombe coffee - seriously good.  ambiance is clean and fresh.  not the most friendly customer service, but certainly generous and kind.Great place for coffee and pie. The cappuccino is really great. They serve a little pastry with the coffee and that is very good. We had the key lime pie and the bourbon pecan pie. Both were excellent.Oh magpie. How you expand my waistline. But totally worth it. I woke up super early wed before thanksgiving, spent $30 on a bourbon pie, and brought it on a train all the way to New York to share with my family -- I think that says it all. Treat yourself!A return visit to Magpie found some yummy treats. We tried the butterscotch bourbon pie which was clearly a winner. I also tried two thirds of the seasonal trio of mini pies including the bourbon vanilla caramel cream and vanilla custard crumb pies.  The former was very good and the latter was decent. I would probably get the vanilla cream pie again but maybe not the custard crumb one. I do think it's really cool how they have special rotating pies in addition to their usual ones becaue the selection is a bit limited.
The place was really packed on a Saturday afternoon but the service was great.Overall nothing bad about this place, but if you're looking for the best pies in Philly I think its a little overblown. 
Had shepherds pie and again, nothing was wrong with it, and it had a piece of Polenta on top which was a nice twist, but I didn't think it was anything special.
Also had the pumpkin pie, which was good but again, nothing I would write home about. 
Location is nice and convenient and the space inside is bright and welcoming. Nice staff. Good selection of savory and sweet pies.AMAZING! ! The pies are incredibly delicious!   Savory pie for myself.. More like a meal!! Yum Yum!! Hubby loved the butterscotch pie.. Coffee and pie fries were so so good!! Environment is superior to competition surrounding them! Beautifully decorated!   Beyond friendly!!  The care and quality of ingredients used are obvious! ! Only the freshest ingredients! ! The combinations used to make the pies are PURE GENIUS! !! Smells heavenly as soon as you enter this eatery..HIGHLY RECOMMEND! ! Beautiful pies that taste incredible! You can tell MAGPIE is owned by someone who is very knowlegable , detail.oriented and.knows how to make damn good pies!! Atmosphere that is as comforting as home !! Super friendly.  And most importantly, the best tasting pies EVER!! Extremely enjoyable experience! !!Conversation with employee: Hello we would like to buy a pie. Sorry we don't sell entire pies here. Confused - this a pie store and there is an entire shelf of pies behind you and we wish to purchase one. Sorry no you can only buy a whole pie if you order it a week in advance. Are all those pies sold? No.. Um ok how much for 8 slices of pie in box?  That would be 63 dollars.  For one pie? No it's 42 for a pie but I have to charge you for 8 slices.  Ok give us 6 slices in a tin. Sorry I can only give you a box if you buy an entire pies worth. Ok fine 8 slices of Bourbon Pumpkin. Sorry I only can sell you 4 slices to go. umm ok 4 slices of pumpkin and 4 slices of whatever that dark Oreo looking one is.  Ok that will be 72 dollars. What happened to 63? Sorry that's for 8 slices of Bourbon, the specials are more. Jesus, fine here's my credit card. To add a tip select the amount here on the screen...Everything is wayyy too expensive and they don't usually have anything I want to eat, but sometimes you'll get something good and I really like the staff. I wish they had more basics.Chocolate Cinnamon Coffee Pecan! It's a desert place, how can you go wrong?
The first time I went, I got the Chocolate Cinnamon Coffee Pecan. The second time, I got the Chocolate Cinnamon Coffee Pecan. I have no incentive to try anything else at this point. The coffee is kinda small, not enough for an entire piece of pie. I'll probably get a large coffee next time.I love this place with such a wonderful passion. I wish I had never found it because once I found it, I wish I could be there all the time. The place is cute and very welcoming. The pies are delicious and they have free wifi and it's bright and cozy! I bought a bunch of pie slices earlier: bourbon butterscotch (SO SO SO GOOD if you love bourbon and even if you don't), smoked gouda and butternut squash, caramel dutch apple pie, with so many more  left on the pie queue. I wish they were open on Mondays because every time I have a hankering for pie are Mondays...sad day. The smoked gouda and butternut squash pie was good but the bourbon butterscotch pie took the cake (no pun intended). You can actually taste the bourbon and that made me a very happy pie fiend. Must come back..naoFinally had a chance to stop by magpie on a weekend afternoon.  I needed a quick lunch, and although it wasn't exactly quick, I'm glad I made the trip.  I had the chorizo chili and grabbed a butterscotch bourbon.  It was about $15 which is a little expensive.  The chorizo chili isn't a slice, but it's own mini-pie.  It could have been a little thicker, but the flavors were nice.  The butterscotch was pretty awesome.  It wasn't overly sweet, and I really tasted the bourbon.  I would definitely go back for a cozy afternoon treat.This is a great place for both sweet and savory pies. We had their  caramel apple pie and their pumpkin pie for Thanksgiving. Both were exceptionally good. The apple pie was full of fresh slices of apples and the pumpkin pie was wonderful too.I had the chicken pot pie and it was amazing.  Flakey pie crust, gooey goodness for the filling.  For dessert, had the special oatmeal cookie pie which was just as good.  Now we are taking home the apple pie.Such an adorable pie shop! I had a slice of the Banana Nilla pie which was delicious. Really great spin on banana pudding in a pie form. The shop itself is one long bar with a few tables on the side. If you could describe something as "darling," Magpie would be it.Cozy little spot on South Street. Came here after having dinner down the street and the atmosphere feels like you're walking into Grandma's house down south. We had ordered the Carmel Apple and the Butterscotch Bourbon; the Butterscotch Bourbon is a must have! It was by far our favorite. The Apple pie seemed like your typical Apple pie nothing too memorable. Has a nice selection of coffees and lattes. Small selection of pies but also serves warm savory pies which I would definitely try if I went back for lunch or dinner.I really enjoyed the buttery caramel apple pie (with whipped cream). The crust was delicious, the filling was not too sweet and the apples were not overcooked and had enough bite to them. The size of the slice was a bit large for one person, but I devoured it all anyway. I also enjoyed the cozy, friendly ambiance of Magpie. I would definitely return! The only problem I had was that each slice was pretty expensive, so I probably couldn't afford to come here very often.Whether you're having a great day or the worst (but especially if you're having the worst), head straight to Magpie. Do not pass go, do not collect $200. Magpie is a small outpost, on South Street just past 16th, for home-sweet-home, close-your-eyes-and-sigh, delicious pie. My mother is alive and I see her frequently, but this cozy shop makes me nostalgic for memories of her floured hands shaping dough during the Thanksgiving Day parade. 
Magpie's buttery caramel apple is stellar. Sweet-tart apples are cooked to a slightly firm yet forgiving state with cinnamon and other warm spices oozing between the fruit. The crust is outwardly crisp with soft layers beneath and oh-so buttery. Just the right amount of coarse sugar sprinkled on top gives it a lovely sweet finish. Add a dollop of fresh whipped cream and a salted caramel latte for extra bliss. 
Magpie will cover for you if the idea of baking for the holidays gives you angina, but order well in advance. Pies will be for sale on a first-come, first-served basis the day before Thanksgiving for those who don't know how to plan in advance. 
The savory, chorizo chili pie is also a stand-out. It reminds me of pot pies without the top crust given it's size and shape. The flavor of the chili is not so much spicy as smoky which makes it an excellent hearty winter dish. The mild spice factor should make it pleasing for a wide-range of palates, even kids. Again, the crust really shines - strong enough to maintain the shape of the little pie, but still flaky and tender. The frito topping adds a pleasant crunch and, really, what's not appealing about something topped with fritos?
Pie fries are a tasty little invention for those who need instant gratification. They are available in waxed paper bags for those who love freshly baked crust. Served with fruit compote for dipping, these small bites are the easiest way to enjoy pie on the go!A place featuring pies!  I love pies! 
Went today for the first time....lovely server (Thank you, Madison!), beautiful and comfortable decor, and the plum almond crunch pie of the day was fantastic!  My friend had the chicken pot pie...equally fantastic and served with delicious cornbread and side salad.  Even the bathroom is charming!
Suggestion to include another savory pie and to include a savory pie with a sliver of sweet "Pick Two" combination so I could have had both.  That's the only reason I give it a 4.5!Honestly my fave little spot in Philly! The pie milkshakes are something I crave on a near daily basis...such a great treat. The savory pies w/ salad are definitely good too, but those pie shakes are heavenly. Cute shop and friendly service round it out!The vanilla custard pie is incredible. It's the primary reason for the four-star rating.
We sat at the counter, which is long with plenty of seats and adds a fun, almost old-school soda shop-feel to the place. Both parties on either side of us also expressed extreme satisfaction over their choices of pie, which brought my boyfriend to express our shared conclusion, "this place is legit!"
If you're craving pie, sweet OR savory, I think this place would hit the spot. The atmosphere is really nice as well - cozy, homey, and clean.
There are a few things I think could be improved - most jarring during our visit was the service. There was only one person working! She was very kind and asked us to be patient since it was obvious she was alone and it was taking a long time for us to be helped. Why are you so understaffed, Magpie? The second thing would be the pricing for the pie classes. We saw the sign advertising their twice-monthly pie classes and were very intrigued since we just had a very delicious slice. We were told, however, that the class was $70 per person after tax! That's a bit steep for a pie class in my opinion. At $20 or even $10 less, I think it would be more attractive, especially to grad students like ourselves.Although I truly love dessert, I am not a huge pie person unless it's one that I bake, but after hearing rave reviews on Magpie, I had to stop in for a slice. They have a list of daily offerings to include savory pies and also a flavor of the month. The decision was hard to make, but I went for the chocolate coffee cinnamon pecan pie. I also ordered the sweet potato black bean chili pot pie to go. After savoring both pies, I see why Magpie was featured on The Chew and The Food Network. I had no idea that their butterscotch bourbon pie was named one of the best pies and I hate that I didn't order that to go as well. Hmmm....I just might have to go back out in my pj's. Yes, the pie is THAT serious!Have only had the butterscotch bourbon pie (and a bite of the blueberry rhubarb hand pie) and it was pretty awesome. Got it with ice cream, but it wasn't necessary as the pie stands on its own. Cute shop, good pie. Definitely a good place to stop for dessert after dinner.VERY good! Way better than I was expecting. Had dinner and desert and can't wait to go back. Got in just before they closed for the summer and will definitely be back when they open up again.Unfortunately, the first time we tried to come here; there was a baking class in session. Bummer. But we came back another day and it was great. I had the caramel apple pie and the chicken pot pie. 
The caramel apple pie was delicious! It was warm and complemented well with the icecream. I loved it!! 
The chicken pot pie was also quite good, It was really tasty and for someone that doesn't usually like meat pies. 
I also got a chance to try the peanut butter milkshake, it was a little too rich and sweet for me, but maybe y'all would like it.Cute, clean restaurant. Good service. Excellent cafe Au lait with soy milk...the flavor and foam.....  Very good apple pie with whipped cream. Looking forward to returning to try the chicken pot pie.Magpie is a cozy cafe with both sweet and savory pies. A nice spot for a quaint lunch. Loved the Cheddar Macaroni & Cheese Pot Pie and Chicken Pot Pie with Parmesan herb puff pastry. For dessert try the famous Butterscotch Bourbon pie.  The cookbook is cute also. Closed on Mondays. www.iluvmagpie.comI was just recently introduced to the quaint little pie shop. They're well known for their butterscotch bourbon pie, with reason! It melts in your mouth, in a delicious, flakey, creamy pie way. Don't forget to get icecream with your pie! They also have amazing service, which makes the pie experience all the better!
Dear Butterscotch Bourban Pie,
Please just get in my belly!Damn. Good. Pie. Went for #FridayNightFlights - Split three slices with friends. All delicious. Will be back.I've been to Magpie twice now; once to eat and once to learn (and eat again). The first time Dining Partner and stopped in we ordered a flight of three slices of pie. We had the blueberry, smore's, bourbon peach. All were good, the blueberry had an unexpected citrus flavor that I could have done without. It was during this visit that I saw Magpie did pie baking classes, so a friend and I signed up. 
We took our Magpie pie class about two weeks ago and it was great fun. It wasn't cheap, about $65 but worth it if you consider pie baking a life skill like I do. The class began at 5:30pm on a Thursday and ended around 8pm. First, Holly demonstrated how to make the pie crust and then for time purposes we were given pre-made pie crust. We learned how to properly roll out, line the pie tin, prepare the filling and techniques for other types of pie. I also ended up buying the Magpie cook book, because the great thing about this class is that you take it just once and you have a foundation for endless pie recipes. While we waited for our pies to bake we enjoyed a slice of pie for ourselves. My friend and I split the pumpkin pie and pear ginger. If you go, get the pear ginger pie. it's really great. This would be a great mother-daughter experience or a girls night out event. Highly reccommended.It's been a month and a half since my Magpie outing, and in the time since, I've "liked" nearly every one of their photos that pops up on my Instagram feed. Their pies are simply outstanding... and quite pretty.
When I visited in August, I had trouble finding the place. I walked by it three times, consulting Google Maps and the Yelp app in the process, before realizing that I was standing in front of it and that "Magpie" is painted on the actual building. Right.
My friend and I had the option to sit at a table or at the bar and we chose the bar. It was definitely the better choice, as there was only one girl working that night and I think we had better service where we were sitting.
We started with ice water and it was so, so nice and refreshing. Next up was the chicken pot pie, which was hot, meaty, and delicious. I really enjoyed the flavors. I also want to go back and try the other savory options. My friend's mac and cheese pie looked amazing, and she raved about it.
By dessert, I was full, but there was no way I was walking out without trying the butterscotch bourbon pie, so I took a slice in a to-go box. Later that night, I was singing that pie's praises. Just typing about it is making me want another slice, darn it!This place is amazing! The pies beautifully prepared, they offer sweet and savory pies. We decided to split the chicken pot pie.. and then for the real deal my blueberry pie was mixed into my vanilla milkshake omg yes! My daughter peach  pie amazing and my other daughters black and white pie oh yes with homemade whipped cream. Everything was perfect including the service! Get there early they sell out quickWhat a unique gem on south street! The whole concept of a place that only sells sweet and savory pies is so well executed here! The cute decor and great service will definitely keep me coming back. Our waitress was so friendly and made great recommendations. The standout was the ratatouille savory pie which had such a yummy combination of veggies, tomato sauce and cheese. The crust was nice and flaky! The mac and cheese pie with the old bay and the butterscotch bourbon dessert pie were good, but nothing exceptional. I'm excited to try the monthly rotating dessert pies next time!I finally understand all of the hype about Magpie and can say that it is certainly well-deserved. After brunch, we stopped by Magpie to round out our afternoon meal.
Amongst the 6 of us we shared the Raspberry Rhubarb and the Butterscotch Bourbon. Both were delicious but the latter was definitely my favorite. I'm a big fan of bourbon infused desserts and the bourbon was a great complement to the butterscotch. This pie was seriously delicious. After we all scarfed these down, we could tell that we were yearning for more so we also ordered the Nutter Butter (the pie of the month). Also, another superstar in the pie game. Their crusts are delicious and the fillings are light and fluffy. At the end, we each paid only $3 each for our smorgasbord of pie goodness. The interior is also really cute and homely. 
Definitely worth the trip to South Philly! I know I'll be stopping by again.Obsessed with this place!! In general I would say I'm  not a huge fan of pie often opting for more of the cake/brownie root but I have changed my tune since moving into the neighborhood! The can't wait for the beginning of the month to try the pie of the month! I have had almost every pie of the month since May some stand outs being the blackout pie, the caramel latte pie, and the oatmeal cookie pie! The quiche is also insane! Mountainous slices that can be easily consumed in one sitting or as I prefer savored over several mornings! The perfect post night shift pick me up!Cozy atmosphere - loved that they had a bar you could scoot up to and have pie.  Somehow it felt like going to grandma's house (a modern cozy grandma's house)
Excellent coffee!
We tried the Butterscotch bourbon w cinnamon ice cream and apple pie. 
The Butterscotch bourbon was a pudding pie, and had amazing flavor!  Went really well with the cinnamon ice cream.  The apple pie, while seemingly normal was out if this world!  You got a sizeable portion filled with big chunks of apples.  The top crust of the apple pie was crunchy and delicious.  I could eat just the crust and be happy!
Staff was friendly. 
Prices were reasonable. 
Good place to get a slice of pie and read a book, or meet up with some friends for a snack.  
Will definitely go back next time I'm in Philly!I love this place, and I come here often. Whether it's to hang out with a friend for a cup of coffee, or to buy a slice of pie to share... I always have a lovely time here. The staff is great and funny!Really delicious savory and sweet pies. The savory pies have a crispy golden flaky crust that is perfect with the fillings. We had the smoked Gouda and butternut squash, which also had spinach and apple, and I spent most of the time while eating it wondering if I could recreate it. Mmmm. The ratatouille had a melted piece of mozzarella on top that was fresh and gooey. For dessert, a caramel apple pie milkshake as well as a slice of nutter butter made everything even nicer. Yum!Very cute place. Shared the butterscotch bourbon with hand-made whip cream and it was delicious. Not too rich and dense but just enough. Tried the savory pie once a couple of months ago but can't wait to go back to get the chicken pot pie!It delivered. The reviews are true.
I liked the chicken pot pie more than the mole chili frito pie, only because I think I don't love mild chilis with beans (I prefer a meat-heavy, super flavorful and spicy chili). The mac and cheese pie was a delight as well-- great for vegetarians. Very garlicky mac and cheese.
They make homemade ice cream to go alongside their delicious pies. I was so full by the time we got to dessert, I couldn't appreciate the dessert pies in full. Next time!Perfect, creative pies with sturdy but flaky crust. Butterscotch Bourbon and Caramel Apple are two of many faves.  Lemon was tart and amazing. Flavors change and price is high at $5/slice but always a great value for quality and delectableness. (Oh, that's a word once you visit this Philly Phinest.)We recently had Magpie cater the pies for our wedding in early September and all of our guests loved it!  We are still hearing about how great the pies were!  The peach bourbon is incredible!Recently took the pie making class and enjoyed it immensely. I've made many pies over the years and was a concerned I wouldn't get much from this class but boy was I wrong. The owner is so passionate and enthusiastic about pie making and gave a ton of important tips and techniques that I think any home baker would find helpful. The class is well worth the $75 fee. Included is a cup of coffee or tea and a slice of pie of your choice. We split the sour cherry and Bourbon. Both were exceptional. You also go home with the pie you made and a whole new perspective of pie making. Highly recommend!Pie for daaays! Been here a few times, and it's always delicious. Fresh, warm pie with some vanilla ice cream? Yes please! Eat lunch in Rittenhouse, then meander down to Magpie for dessert. It's a great little date spot too!I just had the croque monsieur pie. Cheesy, bready, eggy moist and delicious! The crust is flaky with just a hint of sweet. I will go back to try more. Oh and the pickles were a nice touch, just slightly spicy. This is one of those places I am glad is just far enough from where I live so I don't go there everyday. The pie was definitely not lo-cal and was very rich!
The place is cute and the gal serving the pies was very friendly and nice. There was easy parking on the street (metered).Stopped by for pick-up on two separate occasions; one sweet and one savory. 
Sweet: The thoroughbred pie was amazing. It was a specialty pie honoring the Kentucky Derby but I honestly wish they would make it a regular. The filling was boozy and gooey and the dark chocolate and pecans added a nice layer. The crust I think had maple or brown sugar to make it a bit more crunchy. Really a fantastic pie after a long day of work. 
Savory: The Shepard's pie with cauliflower mash was wonderful. I was a little hesitant since I don't always love this pie, but here it was very good and memorable. I liked that the vegetables were large and distinct, the meat was well seasoned and had a bit of a gravy, and the mash paired well. I was surprised how much I liked it and wanted to buy it again. 
I recommend Maggie to everyone looking for desserts in this area. The staff is nice and helpful and I like that they know their products. The atmosphere has an easy-going, relaxed vibe rounded out with great food. A bonus is that it's open late.Magpie is probably one of my favorite places in all of Philly. I've probably been here at least five times in the last year because their pies are absolutely phenomenal (though a bit on the pricey side). It's no surprise then that this place has been featured on a lot of tv shows and magazines. 
The ambiance is very homey and pink. It's very casual though the place is a bit small and cramped. There have been times that I've tried to go but there's a bit of the wait to get food or there's just not enough sitting room. 
I've ordered quite a bit of their food: 
SAVORY PIES: Usually, I am not a fan of savory pies but because magpie is just amazing, I felt that I needed to try these as well. The crust of all of the pies are absolutely phenomenal and it's nice that these pies all come with a side salad. 
Their BBQ Pulled Pork Pot Pie was on the larger side and it was extremely flavorful. Usually, I find BBQ Pulled Pork to be on the drier side, but I felt this was moist enough without being gross. The crust I think though was what made the dish amazing. It was subtly salty and peppery but extremely flaky. It was the type that just melted in your mouth which made it extremely good. The coleslaw also helped juxtapose the taste of the BBQ Pulled Pork and was a great complement to the pie. 
Their Chicken Pot Pie with cheddar cheese biscuit was good but not really remarkable. It was a bit bland for me and could have done with stronger seasoning of any sort. 
PIE SHAKES: I think hands down this is one of the best inventions ever known to mankind and I don't know why people don't order this more. I've had their butterscotch bourbon shake, caramel apple shake, lemon icebox, among others and I really cannot pick a favorite from all of them. Though you lose the texture and some of the flavor because it's a shake after all, some pie bits still remain so you can still chew on a bit of the crust. This is extremely heavy and for me, it can honestly feel like a meal but in the end it's definitely still worth it especially on a hot summer day when you just want something cool. 
Overall, this is one of those places that are worth coming back to again and again. Their pies are amazing and the flavors change on a regular basis, which keeps you wanting for more.Artisan pies that can be both adventurous or traditional. They also have great coffee. It's an extremely cute space with a countertop perfect for enjoying pie. The staff fits my idea of what pie place employees should act and look like which is red lipstick and rosy cheeked pie enthusiasts that will happily give you tips and recommendations.This place is so freaking cute that it hurts.  The servers there are so fashionable and cool.  
The iced coffee was delicious.  The pie was delicious.  Prices are a bit up there, but the decor, atmosphere, and 1950s modern vibe was so nice.  
When I was a poor kid, Magpie is the kind of place I dreamed about hanging out and spending $10 on a slice of pie and some iced coffee.  You feel cool and not poor.My boyfriend and I popped in here after dinner one night and it was just the cutest little pie shop. As soon as you open the door it smelled like butter and sugar. We ended up ordering a slice of classic key lime pie with some fresh homemade whipped cream. The pie was tart and delicious. The graham crust was buttery and added the perfect crunch to the lime curd. Maybe it's because we went in at the end of the night but they were sold out of four out of the six possible sweet pie options. That was a let down for me. They did have all their savory pies available.This is one of those places where I get so excited when I walk in that I just want to live there.  It's adorable.  I just want to sit and drink coffee and eat pie all day.  
I got the savory chicken pot pie with a biscuit on top... it's amazing.  Chock full of veggies with a sauce that isn't too creamy or runny.  The perfect balance.  Treat yourself and go to Magpie.  You won't be disappointed!Upon walking into the shop many first-timers get distracted by the super cute interior and the delicious pies on the counter. Yes, the shop is adorable, and yes the pies look amazing, but there's no need to rush! Everyone that works at the pie shop is more than willing to go over all of the flavors in detail as well as pointing out which one is which. Sometimes you need to see a pie before you decide!
Butterscotch Bourbon is the signature pie, it is the first pie that I tired and to this day it remains my favorite.
The pies change based on what ingredients are seasonally appropriate, so if there is something that stands out to you, i suggest trying it before it rotates off the menu.
This goes for both the sweet and savory pies!
When it comes to picking out a slice, I'd say follow your first instinct.This place has rather tasty pie. I only wish I had enough time to stay and try their pie in a milkshake, where they blend a whole piece of pie into ice cream for you. I had the berry lavender crumble which was really tasty, but could definitely use a boost on the lavender. Overall a cute place to come and pretty quick service. It didn't absolutely wow me and make me immediately want another slice, but maybe that would've happened if I'd gotten the pie milkshake. Next time I'll have to find out for sure =]Magpie!!!! I've passed this place a few hundred times since moving into the city. I am pretty sure every time we walk by, I comment to my boyfriend... "This pie place is supposed to be amazing!" But he never really got my drift and we never went. This past weekend we walked by with another couple and when I gave my typical line- they suggested we go in for dessert!!!! OMG!!! 
What a cute little shop!! We went after dinner and drinks at about on Saturday night, and boy this place was packed- I couldn't believe it! 
We all ordered espressos and shared two pieces of pie- the butterscotch bourbon and the caramel apple. One a la mode and one with fresh whipped cream. The espresso was La Colombe and delicious. I loved the pie! The crust is buttery and crispy and the fillings are super flavorful, sweet, and sticky... Yum!!
What a fun place to stop by at the end of a night. LOVE IT!The service is what was very lacking; I picked up an order (1st time customer) and the cashier/server couldn't wait to get to the next customer, did not greet us as we stood by the register, only looked at us until we said we were picking up, then did not say thank you, then did not reply when we said "goodbye."  Any one of these would be excusable, I guess, but what  a terrible first impression! Snarky service does not make a tasty, expensive, small pie worth a 2nd visit.It's pi day, so I did a quick google search to find the best pie in Philly, number one on the list was Magpie's Butterscotch Bourbon pie, so I made a trip out there and got two slices of butterscotch bourbon and one of pecan at the waitresses' suggestion. The checkout process was really fast and the girl was super helpful when I asked about her favorite pies. I was in and out with my togo pies in just two minutes. After driving my precious cargo home, I decided to take a bite of each, intending to save my favorite of the two flavors for last. Both are delicious, but the butterscotch bourbon is absolutely amazing. I'm so glad I got two pieces so I can share one with my friend so she knows just how delicious it is. 
I can't believe I'd never visited this place before. And now that I know about it, I will definitely be back on Wednesdays or Fridays for their specials. I also read on someone's review about a pie making class? And you'd better believe if I ever figure out when that is, I will definitely be going to that.
I love pie, and this place definitely hits it straight out of the park. One day I will try all of the pies they offer. And I'm sure none of them will ever disappoint.Very cool little place to grab some pie. And who doesn't like pie? We stopped in here one night, after finding them on Yelp, to grab a late dessert. 
I opted for key lime and my wife went with one of their apple variations. Both pies were delicious and the young woman behind the counter took good care of us. I wish my slice had been a tad bigger, it seemed pretty small for the price, but overall it was probably more than my doctor would want me munching anyway. 
Oh, and they have pie-making classes too! If I lived nearby I would absolutely give one of those a try. Talk about a fun date-night event!
Yes, I am sure we will be back soon!I seriously disappointed myself for having gone to Philadelphia so many times and never coming here. This place is amazing. We had chicken pot pie and Shepards pie for lunch. There could've been a bit more chicken in the pot pie, but the sauce was delicious, the fresh veggies- amazing. The Shepard pie is how every Shepards pie should be. With a yummy buttery crust for texture. For dessert we had the bourbon butterscotch pie and the oatmeal cookie pie. I can't even. Not too sweet, gooey ooey goodness that makes you want to be a fatty forever. Love this place.Dessert pies are amazing (and expensive) !!!!! The savory dinner pies are really not that good (and very expensive) 
The staff is okay - not too rude, but not noticeably friendly either - kinda nonchalant - which can be a good thing or a bad !
The space is realllllllllyyyyy tight ! You'll be fighting for elbow room with the person sitting next to you. 
It is worth a try!I love this place! It's cute and quaint. I love the hanging aprons on one side..the whole vibe is so light and happy. The pies are pretty darn good too. Their most popular is the butterscotch bourbon which lives up to the hype. I recommend pairing it with the African nectar tea (if you're a tea person you'll love this one). Overall a light and airy affair! Will definitely drop in again next time I'm in the neighborhood.was not a big pie person until i went to magpie. they did not have my first choice, which was apple pie bc it was sold out. in hindsight, im glad it was sold out or else i wouldn't have been able to try the pie that changed my life.  the butterscotch bourbon pie with vanilla ice cream is a life-changer!the thought of that slice of pie has been lingering in my mind for days after my first experience! i plan to come back every wed for that butterscotch bourbon pie.
ps. madison is hella cute! & the service is great.
love, 
your 845 wed customers.We stopped in for a couple pieces of their sweet pies. I had some sort of chocolate madness, and my boyfriend had a berry crumble pie. We opted for whipped cream over the ice cream, which was good because my pie was so rich! Their savory selection sounds fun too.Got the Kentucky bourbon pie here with a scoop of ice cream, and it was AMAZING. Good pricing: for the price you get a good size pie and ample ice cream. No complaints and it was very charming.I like Magpie but not it's not "luv" (as in their website name) at first bite. We stopped by on a busy Saturday afternoon and tried a few pieces of pie. We had the buttery caramel apple which, to be honest, tasted kind of bland. The apples were decent tasting and the crust was flaky, but this baby needs some jazzing up. I could not detect much of the caramel element, and it could use some cinnamon. Better yet, offer it warm with a scoop of vaniila ice cream (which I didn't know they had). We also tried the peanut butter chocolate pie and found it to be pretty good, but was not a mind-blowing, I gotta run back here week after week and get another slice of it kind of thing. Finally, the pie fries were pretty good. They taste almost identical to the outer layers of Termini's elephant ears. They are served with a thick fudge dipping sauce that could use a little more zing to it. 
All in all, Magpie was good but has the potential to be great. Hopefully when their new fall menu comes out next month they will have a killer pumpkin pie. Until then, my favorite pie in Philly is Percy Street's (what, a BBQ place has the best pie in town?) banana cream.Visited Magpie on a Sunday with a group of friends.  It was my first time at this restaurant, although my friends have been here before.  I enjoyed the food.  Be forewarned, thouigh -- the pies are very rich.  I had the lime and basil pie; my friends ordered the hamburger pie, chocolate pie, and lemon pie.  All were excellent.  I wasn't able to finish my key lime pie because it was so rich.  You will want to try all the different pies, but do it slowly.  One recommendation is to go with a bunch of friends (as we did).  Ask each friend to order a different pie, and then share the goodness.  One bite from each pie is the way to go.
Note that Magpie is more like a pie shop, than a restaurant (and they don't pretend otherwise).  There is a diner-like counter, and 3-4 tables that seat 2-3 people.  It's clean and bright.  The woman working on the day that we visited wasn't the most efficient waitress, but it didn't matter too much to us.Magical & delightful pies. Crust is heavenly and flaky. Had the chocolate blackout pie with Chai tea. Divine! Can't wait to return for the savory pies.  Charming little eatery.I really liked Magpie. The place is really nice inside.  It has a 40's sort of vibe and almost feels as you are  eating in someone's kitchen.  Someone's really nice, cool kitchen. The music they were playing fit in and was really good. Pop and Jazz standards from the 30's and 40's. 
My daughter and I shared a butter scotch bourbon pie and a side of ginger ice cream.  The pie was really good and the crust was flaky and moist. The ice cream went perfectly with the pie I didn't think it would but it was a great combination. 
Magpie also has savory pies, such as Chicken Pot Pie, etc. I'll definitely be back to Magpie!Pi Day was the perfect day to try out Magpie. I ordered a slice of butterscotch bourbon and a slice of caramel apple pie. The smooth filling of the butterscotch bourbon pie had the right amount of sweetness, while the cooked apple slices of the apple pie had the right amount of tartness. The apple pie tasted like your traditional apple pie with its cinnamon apple filling, but the drizzled caramel sauce on top balanced the slightly tart apple filling perfectly. I wish I could get some more of that sinful caramel sauce... Can't wait to come back and try Magpie's savory pies!Love it! The spaghetti pie was surprisingly awesome with a nice lightly spicy tomato sauce. Get the strawberry rhubarb crumble, too!I like this place most for the novelty of focusing on something as simple and comforting as pie.  I've tried the savory and would most definitely come back for the sweet.  That being said, the pies themselves are quite simple and are not packing a ton of unique flavor.  I left torn between feeling satisfied with the simplicity of it and feeling let down by the plainness. Either way, you're in for an experience.Went in on opening day thinking that we were going to have to brave some massive line-up... such was not the case.  A friend got the pie fries--which were fine--and yours truly got the berry thyme custard pie.  The experience was underwhelming in general.  The pie fries were average and my berry pie wasn't warmed or anything so the ice cream just kinda sat on the side.  Maybe my expectations were too high?
ps. The ice cream cost $2 extra.  Not sure about the whipped cream but the girl didn't tell me and I was a little annoyed... mostly because there was no heads-up.Homey and adorable little spot on South Street. Come with a group of friends to share some savory and sweet pies for brunch. Come with a date and split a slice or two for dessert. Heck, come alone and treat yo'self with some of the most delicious pies you'll ever have because you deserve it (and don't listen to anyone who says otherwise!). I've been here three times now, and each time has been absolutely wonderful. I've tried the butterscotch bourbon (my favorite!), pear ginger crumb, lime basil, raspberry rhubarb (my least favorite so far, if I had to pick one) and the nutter butter (the current pie of the month). I've only had one of their savory pies (chicken pot pie) and it was deeelicious. The pie crust is perfectly light and flaky. Love their changing menu because it means fresh, in-season ingredients and new flavors. But it also means you have to enjoy something while you can, before it gets taken off the menu (pear ginger crumb, I miss you...). They also have pie milkshakes and a variety of hot and cold drinks. 
The people who work here are all really nice and definitely make you feel at home! Almost as if you're at your grandma's eating a slice of her famous homemade pie (except my grandma is Thai and doesn't make pie, but you know what I mean). Prices are a little steep for my liking--sweet pies are in the $5-$6/slice range, and the savory pies are $9.50.
They're open until 9pm (11pm on Fridays and Saturdays) for your late night cravings, but don't make the same mistake as I did and try to come on a Monday. They're closed and you will be heartbroken until Tuesday when you indulge in two slices to make up for it. Wish Magpie had a loyalty card or something, you'd see me here every week if they did!Magpie is adorably cute, though prices may be higher than anticipated. Amazing quirky, first date spot.
Beyond the cuteness, my first visit was 3/14/2013.  PI day. I thought it apropos. I entered, and I felt confused.  I anticipated something like a counter with a pie display, you buy slices or whole, maybe some other items, and coffee, etc.  What I got was a gorgeous looking spot that has seating out front, small tables inside, and a coffee bar.  Unexpected, but nice.  More unexpected was that I didn't see anyone working the front. Very confusing. I sat at the bar for three minutes before a person came from the kitchen and told me she'd be with me in a minute.  True to her word, she took my order-- a cup of coffee (black) and a slice of the special-- $3.50 for maple bourbon pie.  
The size of the slice was reasonable. I thought I'd get a mutant sliver slice, but alas, my thoughts betrayed me. The coffee had to be just over $1.00-- La Colombe.  I suppose that's a fair price.  
Here's why three stars. The pie crust was spectacular. The filling was grotesquely sweet. It had to have weighed about 8oz, too. I'm writing this after having just finished the slice because it's making me increasingly ill-- hyperglycemic shock perchance. The coffee, as much as I don't really drink coffee, tasted a bit burnt.  Maybe I'm not used to La Colombe, but I didn't expect the highly roasted/strongly bitter flavor. 
I might go back for a fruit pie. Otherwise, I can't deal with that much sugar. It's unbearably sweet.I stopped by during lunch time. Due to the rotating menu for both savory and sweet pies, I chose something different than last times' amazing pulled pork savory pie: this time I chose Shepherd's Pie, which came with ground beef, carrots, peas, and celery, topped with a delicious cauliflower mash on top. It was delicious; highly recommend!  Then I ordered the weekend special: Pie Cream! It's a pie crust filled with ice cream, which seems to also contain pieces of pie (pie-ception!). I got the Bourbon Butterscotch with Bourbon Bourbon pie. It was perfect--if you get in here this weekend, hopefully it's before they have run out! Otherwise, keep an eye out for its inevitable return!I live only a few blocks away, and Magpie is a constant temptation. My roommates and I find that nearly all special occasions merit a visit here for some delicious pie (like, the occasion of ... we haven't tried the pie of the month yet!). The homemade whipped cream is DELICIOUS. Always ask for it. 
In addition to their many delicious pies, Magpie makes for a great dinner spot when you want a delicious savory pie and don't have a lot of time. The chicken pot pie is tha bomb. It's seriously so good. I'm also a big fan of the chile mole frito pot pie. They are just the perfect size to be satisfied and not stuffed past a point of being comfortable... because then you can (and should) get a piece of sweet pie for dessert!I got the Mac and cheese pie. It was a bit too salty and intense in strong flavors for my tastes. I loved the concept of Magpie and the cute environment. The other pies I tried were pretty good, so I give it a 4/5 still.I love this adorable cute, cozy, cafe. I fell in love with it as soon as I walked in the door. it's warm, homey decor is the hybrid of two of my favorite cafes (Zucker in NY as well as Mission Iie in san francisco). Cute old styled wall paper with delicate photos/bird nests add to the cuteness. let's not forget the best part..the PIES!! I've already their their signature Butterscotch bourbon and banana cream pie which was both delicious!! I have to stop myself from ordering a second slice. I have to get their fruit pies/crumble next since those portions seem much more generous.  The second time I came, I camped out to do work and their free WIFI worked well.  Looks like I found my new favorite work place ;)All I can say is wow. Keep in mind I'm not a pie person but this was easily the best pie in my life. I ordered the butterscotch bourbon and it was so delicious along with homemade ice cream. Such a cute little place off the beaten path but well worth the Walk. A couple next to us also ordered a chicken pot pie which smelled delicious. 
Would I return? 110%Oh my God! You need to have the butterscotch bourbon pie. It is the greatest pie in the history of pies.Amazing food! I had a samosa pot pie and it was defiantly  worth it. Will be back soonHorrible, horrible customer service and passive aggressive associates.  I ordered the caramel apple pie and asked it to be warmed.  The associate told me it could only be warmed if it was ordered for dine in.  I asked that it be ordered for dine in and then I could just have a to go box at closing. She finally took my payment for the dine in order.  She came back a few minutes later to retrieve the pie slice to prepare it.  Over the next few minutes I noticed there was a bag on the counter, but the associate had walked by several times without informing me that the bag was mine. (I was not expecting a to-go order).  My husband finally goes up to the bag and looks in and another associate yells from the back that that's my order.. We take the pie to the car and it's cold...perhaps this is because it was waiting on the counter for minutes or perhaps it was never warmed at all.  We go back in to ask that the pie be warmed and were told we couldn't have it warmed because the container isn't made for warm contents. Hmmm... So because they are now past closing they were unwilling to serve us to dine in even though several customers were still eating casually and that was my initial request. Not a single apology or attempt to make amends was made by the associate that took my order.Pie for lunch!
Pie for dinner!
PIE FOR PRESIDENT!!!
No, but seriously.  How can we get this pie on the 2016 ballot???  
I personally nominate myself as the campaign manager, which I am hopeful will come with unlimited pie.  As Pie's campaign manager, most of my days will probably look like that one Simpson's scene where Homer says, "All right pie, I'm just going to do this (munches in air towards pie). And if you get eaten, it's your own fault." 
So in an effort to make Homer proud and in an act of rebellion against the ludicrous childhood rule that you have to eat your vegetables before you get dessert, I exercised my full privilege as an adult and had pie for dinner. And no it wasn't one of the incredible looking savory ones (which I will be back for.  Macaroni and Cheese Pot Pie?  How can I not?).  I had the Butterscotch Bourbon and the Blueberry Crumb (shared.  Because I have to watch my girlish figure or something like that.).
And then I got down on one knee, right there and proposed.  To the pies.  Because not only do I want these pies to be the leader of the free world, I want to spend the rest of my life with them...
And she lived happily ever after...Magpie is a small little pie shop located on a nice part of South Street. It only seats about 20 people total between it's three tables and counter top seats but we've never had trouble snagging a spot to grab some pie.  They typically offer 5- 6 sweet pies and 2- 3 savory pies.  They also serve coffee and tea.
While the butterscotch bourbon pie was epic on my first visit, I think I am going to continue to try different slices each time I come before deciding on a favorite.  Also, I highly recommend that you try the pie milkshake at least once.  For $9, you get a huge milkshake that will provide a memorable experience and satisfy both your ice cream and pie craving.
The staff here is pretty awesome too. They take the time to tell you about the owner, the ingredients, and the way the pie selection rotates.  There is one new pie each week and the main pie selections change each season.  
I do recommend coming early during their busier fall and winter months as they often run out of certain popular pies after 6pm.  
As far as pie goes, Magpie is at the top of my list.  We'll definitely be back when the pie craving strikes again... or maybe later today.The only reason why I am giving this place a 3 star is because the blonde counter person/cashier chick was kind of bitchy. 
Other than that, the butterscotch pie was good and the interior is very nice.Cute little place !    Amazingly delicious pies both savory and sweet !    All kindas of delicious treats in a great little kitsch cafe environment !    Coconut custard is a must !   Lemon curd is a must !     Chicken pot pie was the best I ever had !     Glad to have found this gem !