I frequent mamas usually on the weekends and always get so psyched that their hours accommodate my late Sunday fix. I usually get the half falafel sandwich and fries which only amounts to $6.50. This can usually serve as lunch and dinner if you go with a certain appetite.I can eat A LOT, as in: "try-to-hide-the-piles-of-food-in-front-of-me" a lot. And these platters make me look like I have a modicum of restraint. I don't recall ever running out of anything on the plate before I ran out of falafel. There were so many falafels they had to bring the rest out on a separate plate. Everything was scrumptious (I had the Mama's Platter), made better by the pickle bar to add some zest and spicy goodness to my food pile. Bonus moment: taking some leftovers home...all for $10.I went there for the "best sandwich" today, but the whole experience was a disappointment. There was a ridiculously amount of hot sauce and was very unevenly spread, almost cried when I ate at the end. And honestly, the sandwich tasted very fair in general in regardless of the excessive hot sauce. I probably won't go there again, I've had better falafel sandwiches in Philly... Overrated place.
btw... It's cash only. 
日妈老子遭辣惨了Great place with fantastic, traditional Mediterranean for a ridiculously low price. Bring cash and stop in on several occasions if you can. I already plan on it being my lunch spot again tomorrow!believe the hype!  Fantastic falafel!I'm surprised i haven't reviewed this place yet! I'm here for lunch at minimum once a week! I usually get the half (or whole) falafel sandwich and carrot juice. Their falafel is some of the best in the city-crispy on the outside and soft/mushy on the inside. Sooo good!dead man walking on the island... a last meal... granny's sweet potato pie, diet mt dew and falafel from mama's. there's no doubt that it's the best in the city of philadelphia. reviews aren't necessary for mama's.I love Mama's so much.  The half falafel sandwich is my go to lunch at a mere $3.50, and the whole is only $6.  The eggplant is necessary when a whole sandwhich is in order.  And they have amazing soups during the winter, like lentil, mushroom & barley, white bean, & spleat pea.  A cup of soup and a pita is only $3.50.  Then the guys behind the counter are the greatest.
My non-vegetarian husband loves this place as well and is a stop in our regular eating places.  When you're extra hungry, the fries are remarkably good.  
Overall, this place is crucial.  If you haven't been yet, order a "half on whole wheat, spicy."  You won't be disappointed. 
Don't forget it is cash only!I arrived at 20th and Ludlow intending to try to Octopus Falafel Truck but wound up at Mama's Vegetarian instead - talk about a fortuitous turn of events! I used a friend and fellow yelper's review to decide on what to order. The Mama is really the perfect sandwich - whole wheat pita lined with hummus and stuffed to the brim with 5 falafels, tomato, cucumber, cabbage, hot sauce and tahini. The pita is soft and doughy (the best I've had), the falafel crispy on the outside but still super moist and flavorful, and the cucumber and tomatoes fresh and simple - the perfect complement. I'm a meat fiend so I consider it a real feat when I don't miss or even notice its absence in a meal, and Mama's delivered. I also ordered the grapeleaves and fries. I've had better grapeleaves, but the fries were legit - steaming hot, glistening with oil, and that fresh potato taste (clearly just out of the fryer). The service is fast and all the individual components of the food are done really well here. I'll definitely be back, just needs that extra WOW factor for the fifth star.
Tip: CASH ONLY!If Mama's could open up inside of an Ikea-cum-Target-cum-consignment store, I'd never have to leave home again!  
The hummus is top notch. The falafel is cooked perfectly, it snaps in your mouth as you bite into it. The pickled veggies have just enough taste so as not to overwhelm your tastebuds. 
And the Jew in me feels like it was a "mitzvah" to eat quality, kosher food. 
If someone could prepare food like this for me everyday, I'd give up the cow in a heartbeatWhy haven't I come back here? The first time I got food from Mamas, it was a rainy evening and my friend and I were looking for a cheap quick vegetarian place in the area. Well they didint let us down! They gave us samples to try and the prices are so fair that we got so much food! The falafel is amazing and the dip for the sandwiches and wraps is to die for. 
I don't remember exactly what I ordered but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!Good falafel! Only downside was them closing at 3pm which we didn't know about so had to get our food to go. But fries were good and the food was good. Definitely recommend!Great falafel sandwich, the salad bar has a good selection of pickles. You definitely get good bangs for ur bucks hereIf you're looking for an inexpensive, delicious and cultural lunch, this is the place for you! Even though Mama's is super popular and very busy during lunch, the staff works tirelessly and very quickly to accommodate their customers. A small place, there are a bunch of tables to sit at inside, but I suggest trying to nab the 2-3 tables outside, or taking your lunch to go - falafel is the perfect to-go food! The employee's are very professional and super nice. Highly recommended!!  
Btw - cash only, so bring cash!I order through the Caviar app all the time and the food is always A1! I even got my coworkers into it. I'm obsessed with the falafel sandwich with the tehina sauce!  best part is I don't feel like a beached whale for the rest of my work day.Nice place! Nice food! Nice staff! It's a small peculiar place with very friendly staff and customers. Our falafels were delicious and the music was good! ;)As a vegetarian, I know my falaffel.  And this my friend, is the best in Philadelphia.
It's everything a falaffel should be, crisp on the outside, moist and chock full of delicious magical wonderfulness on the inside.  
Expect a line and remember to bring cash! They don't do cards.I love Mama's! This little hole in the wall that has the best Israeli food around - it is truly authentic! 
Everything I've had at Mama's has been delicious; I particularly love the Sabich eggplant sandwich. 
Everything is so so fresh and delicious. The staff is constantly filling the containers with recently cooked or cut items. And, there is a fixin's bar which is amazing if you want to add some more tasty treats to your sandwich....that is if you can find room as they truly stuff those pitas! 
Love the staff.
Warning - at lunch time on weekdays there may be a very long line... but it's worth the wait! Really!The falafel sandwhich is unmatched ! This is my go to spot for lunch . I wish the venue was slightly bigger but over the food is scrumptious !The platter is huge, could be a meal for two or a meal and a half. Everything was very fresh and tasted fantastic. The french fries are made to order so they're super fresh and tasty. Many of the vegetarian options are vegan as well. They do have whole wheat pita, but it's limited and sells out sometimes. There is also an unlimited pickle bar.This place is definitely solid, but I wouldn't call it the best falafel I've ever had. Love the prices, and that you can make your falafel sandwich spicy! Definitely a great place to get a tasty, filling, inexpensive lunch if you're on this side of the square.Really, really excellent food. Best Latkes sandwich ever. Best falafel I've had in the city of Philadelphia. Beats the hell out of Maoz Vegetarian. The staff could be a bit cheerier though!Falafel, hummus, stuffed grape leaves, and more for for very minimal prices and a full tummy?  I think yes!  This lunch spot is absolutely the greatest thing that's ever happened to the work week lunch.  The guys who run the place are so friendly...  you just can't go wrong at Mama's!!!  (Cash only)Authentic Israeli falafel place in Philly! I ordered my favorite, sabich, which can be hard to come by outside of Israel.  Cheap and delicious! This is a must-stop if you're looking for a great quick middle eastern meal in the Rittenhouse areaLove this place!!! Tried the salad with extra falafels and it was delicious!!! Also tried a grape leaf, whole wheat pita and the pickled veggies which were fantastic. I will definitely be coming back here as often as I can. The serve was very fast and extremely friendly.Celebrating MLK Day with a stop at MaMa for a sit down...Spicy Falafel with Eggplant will do the trick, but this time i am also doing the fresh cut French Fries. Well, the Falafel needless to say was awesome, but the French fries deserve their props also....nothing beat fresh, fried in Peanut Oil. This place is a must try...and next time I will try the Latke (Veggie Type Burger)Omg best falafel ever!!! I will be going back soon to try the rest of their menu. I was never a big fan of falafel but wow its really good at mama's.  If you're near it that's where you should go for lunch or dinner.The best falafel I have eaten ever. These guys keep it really old school and simple. And like almost every Center City outfit they are Cash Only. Ahh, Philly.This lunch- and cash-only vegetarian restaurant always has a line, and for good reason! I've only ever had the Mama's falafel sandwich, but that's all you'll ever need. Just tell them what level of heat you like, and perfection will be handed back to you. The hummus is very smooth and creamy, the falafel crispy and delicious. 
Pro tip: all of the fixings to the right of the kitchen are free. Even if you're ordering to go, you can grab small containers to stock up on carrots, pickles, extra hot sauce, jalapeños, etc. Try their green hot sauce, which adds some different flavors than the normal red sauce, but is equally hot.Some of the best falafel i've had here I tried it yesterday after leaving a meeting and realizing I  was up the block and also because of all the yelpers who spoke highly of the place. The food was good and since it was my first time there I got a free falafel ball which is how I made my choice as to what to get .. I hear regular bread is tastier but I love whole wheat so i chose that and I don't feel robbed of taste one bit! Thanks yelpers for pointing me this way I'll def be back againI come here at least twice a week.  Without a doubt the best falafel sandwich in the city, and trust me, I have sampled many.  I can't speak on their other selections as  accurately, I've only tried the vegetable latke and the side of fries one time each.  Both were very good but a whole falafel sandwich is just the right sized meal and it's by far the best thing on their menu. 
Their pickle selection is good. The humus that comes on the falafel sandwich is outstanding, the vegetables are always fresh, and the pita (gotta get it on a white pita, whole wheat, although healthier, just doesn't do it justice) is perfect, fresh and kept nicely warm.Really solid falafel joint. The five falafel sandwich wasn't enough to fill me up on its own but had a great balance of ingredients, and the side bar of unlimited condiments (pickles, fruit, etc.) was a pleasant surprise. The fries were fine bite slightly disappointing: oily, not very crispy, and only ketchup for dipping. 
It's slightly frustrating that the $12 combo of a sandwich, fries, and a drink doesn't actually save you any money, it's just the sum of how much each would normally cost. But that said, they do give away free bananas which is pretty cool.Welcome to Mama's I went on a friend's recommendation, think your favorite falafel cart  and give it a roof and a few tables.   Menu is pretty good your basic middle eastern food at reasonable prices. Falafel was pretty good, good crunch and flavourful. Hummus and Tahini was pretty good.  I would recommend in more for takeout in winter as it gets cold inside in the fall and winter.  They are great and fast  in preparing your food also which is a plus.Small spot nestled in the shopping district.  Service was quick and attentive. Definitely get the falafel sammie! We did and so did all the other tables around us. Great prices!Thanks to a Foobooz tip today I "discovered" Mama's which I'm totally surprised I'd never heard of...I am now, OBSESSED. I got a small sandwich and I can assure you it was filling...For those who know me, I am eternally starving, so this is a hard seal of approval to get from me. Such a good deal, too! $3.50 for a small sandwich (get the hot sauce!) and a container of veggies from the salad bar. Definitely beats a wawa sandwich for lunch!We were at the Franklin Institute and starting chatting with a couple who had kids that were playing on the science stuff with our kid.  Turns out the husband is Israeli and a caterer.  He said to me "If you can, make sure to go to Mama's... I'm Israeli and I make food for a living, so I'm not easily impressed... it's the best in the world!"  Um, okay... you don't have to tell me twice!  So as soon as we finished at the museum, we walked a few blocks down to Mama's.  It was the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend (2014) and NOTHING around it was open... just Mama's... it was 1:30pm and it was BUSY!  Everyone working there was nice, friendly, offered samples, patient... awesome!  I had a large pita filled with falafel and eggplant with a little of the spicy sauce. So fresh!  So good!  My meat-eater husband LOVED it!  The fries were made to order... hot, fresh-cut, and perfect.  I seriously cannot recommend this enough!  Yes, it's cash only... and there are a billion banks and ATMs everywhere in Philadelphia.  Grab some cash, get in line, and thank me later.  You're welcome.Once when I was fifteen and very stubborn with my palette I accompanied some friends to Mama's only to abstain from eating anything. Five years later I returned with a friend ready to complete another phase in my quest to try every Philly falafel gem. 
They serve up large, mouth-watering, and wholesome falafel. I haven't been to the Falafel King or Magic Carpet yet but this is tied with (if not slightly tastier than) Alyans in my book. It's a healthy and heartier alternative to fast food. Mama's packs your pita with falafel balls, a shredded lettuce mix, cucumbers, tomatoes, humus, tahini, and so forth. Upon ordering they also offer a spicy option that is some additional sauce, it's very good and allows me some sort of variation upon visiting. Their signature combo consists of a large falafel, a generous serving of fries, and a soda or water for $8.50. I've always taken left overs home so it's definitely worth the price. I'm a sucker for combos but they also serve individual (and smaller sized) falafel, platters, and soups. 
The only inconveniencing facet of Mama's is their schedule. As other yelpers have pointed out, they close on Jewish holidays. However in my experience whenever a fast food or hole in the wall has a challenging schedule that often inconveniences the customer (i.e. mostly every cheesesteak spot which I love ever) it often means that the food is very good! Plus if you're unfamiliar with Jewish holidays that is nothing that a quick Google search can't remedy. 
I highly encourage anyone to make the pilgrimage to Mama's. This falafel possess the power to cure hunger, poverty, blindness, the recession, the gender gap, etc. I'm just playin but it is a healthy decision for your next meal!I would say that it is the best authentic falafel place in Philly! 
For my New Yorkers, it's similar to infamous Naomi's pizza of NY :O yes I said it! For my people in Philly,  if you love this place, check out Naomi's pizza ( falafel place too) in queens!!!
This place is a little bit small but worth every penny. Great selections of sides as well as portion! 
I believe this place is cash only!Fabulous! Nothing else to be said. It's not a regular restaurant. Tables are very limited.great falafel, their humus is great, side salad bar of free stuff always makes me happy. 
almost every time i eat there, i find that i'm upset i hadn't eaten there more recenty. 
the reason this is true, btw, is that they seem to take about 1/3 of the year off for religious holidays. this includes friday nights and saturdays.This place is the truth...humus is the best ive had in philly.  food is fresh and fast.  dont forget the pickle bar.the BEST falafel in the city. don't listen to anyone else. go to mama's.
you won't be disappointed. no way, no how, no chance. 
do yourself a favor. goDelicious, fresh falafel in fresh, soft, pita.  Mmmm.  Tasty latkes, also.  I haven't yet tried the burekas.  Fairly inexpensive.  They have Honest Teas, which are basically the only bottled drinks I buy.  I wish they had more fixings options, but after getting stuffed on what they do have, you don't mind as much.Good when I'm being bad at lunch.  Everything is fried here, and even the latkes are pretty oily.  Still, I like it... the workers always remember what I usually get and are really nice.
Cash only.  Good for the price, although they can be closed during Jewish holidays that aren't known by most people.great food, great prices, friendly staff. A half falafel pita is plenty of food and only $3.50. Can't beat it!Good falafel, unfortunately they seem to always be closed.  Also a pain that they don't take credit cards.So delicious and such a good deal. Small falafel sandwich for 4$ that could pass for regular size at many places. You can get it spicy or non. They give you a small container for pickled vegetables on the side. There is a small bar with radishes, hot peppers, pickles, etc. The falafel is not too dry or drenching in oil, so flavorful! I'm not vegetarian and I love this place!Delicious falafel. Great lunch or dinner spot for a casual vegetarian middle eastern fare. The toppings bar is great and very plentiful. 
I make this a regular stop!Falafel was good but we weren't that impressed by their hummus.. overall nice place for people who are strictly vegetarian...worth for the value..Beyond amazing food here and the staff is helpful if you don't know what you are looking for with regard to choices.  I only wish the building was bigger for more seating because I love to hit up the relish bar and smell the food while I eat!The guys behind the counter are hard workers, and the sandwiches are served up quickly.  The fries are made to order, and just about perfect.  I recommend the sabich (a fried eggplant and hard-boiled egg sandwich).
The place itself is dingy, and the tables never seem to get wiped. If the tables are dirty, then the kitchen is not likely to be much cleaner.Simply the best Falafel in the USA. 
This place is a great little Gem. Been coming here for years and after eating Falafel in many places in the US, Canada and the Middle East Mommas takes the trophy.Cheap. Delicious. Cash only :( Get the falafel & latkes!!I love falafel and Mama's has the best ones I have ever eaten, hands down. I love this place. It is small, laid-back, inexpensive, and has a quiet atmosphere. Most of the times I've been there, I've seen families eating there or some type of large group. It's a quiet (but not stuffy) and relaxed place. The food never disappoints. I just love this place and I highly recommend it :)LOVE THE OPTIONS! Loved the atmosphere, and had awesome customer service! It's also very inexpensive, great if you're on a budget!Falafel tasted great, pita bread was perfect people were nice and friendly. However the place had a run down feel and who on earth serves falafel on flimsy cake paper plates like that and for the soggy salads/condiments too?. Next time I will take it to go that is if I ever find parking again :)Mama's Vegetarian is ultra delicious. When Falafel Bar closed down to move over the summer, I had to get falafel from somewhere that wasn't Maoz (which is alright enough, but you need variety). I kept walking west down Chestnut til I found this place, and ohmygod. Their sabich, to which I am wildly addicted, is amazing. Egg, eggplant, tahini, spicy sauce, it's all good. Easily the best sabich I've had in the city. It's fairly priced and they work super quickly, so even though there's usually a huge line at lunch, it's not too bad a wait (though if you wanna get in and out even quicker, go around 1 or 1:30).A really good vegetarian place. Cash only but the food is so cheap. Highly recommend the eggplant.The falafel fried at Mama's are golden and cripsy outside and fully fluffy and flavorful inside. A freakin delight, I tell you. The pita bread too! The pita baked here daily are super freshy and excellently soft and sturdy at the same time. Oooh if there's anything I can't stands, it's a flimsy pita. So, this particular pita problem is not something I have to worry my falafel sandwich lovin' head about here. It'll support the falafel and creamy hummus and eggplant, as well as any of the variety of pickled vegetables and tasty hot sauces that I wanna pile on them beauties from the pickle bar.
Life is too short for a lotta things and it's definitely too short to eat mediocre falafel.
Using the same vein of a falafel logic here, I deem life too short to pass up the opportunity to enjoy a great falafel sandwich every chance I get, and Mama's is my favorite falafel in Philly to date. Whenever I'm in the vicinity, I make it my business to have make any excuse to stop in at this little Kosher vegetarian joint. 
(Cash only- Have that CA$H.)The crack of all falafels. I refuse to even order falafel if i can't get Mama's.
There is only one downfall, the hours are a little difficult sometimes. They are for certain closed by 3pm on Friday and all day Saturday. But pay close attention to the Jewish holidays or you might find yourself falafelless and heartbroken.Falafel sandwich is GREAT. Inexpensive and filling.This place is good !!! That's all u need to know. So happy it's down the st from my office and I can get a fix whenever I want :)There's a line out the door at Mama's during lunch time for a reason -- their food is amazing! (It moves quickly by the way, so don't let that scare you away.) The large falafel sandwich is only $6 and it's so huge and filling. I'm usually still full by the time dinner comes around. 
I kind of love that every bite of the sandwich tastes a little bit different. There's so much stuff in it! Falafel, veggies, hummus, spicy sauce. Each of the pieces are really good on their own and even better when combined. 
The staff is really friendly and always smiling, even when it's busy.This place was ranked pretty high from fellow yelpers so I HAD to go check it out. Some people said these were the best falafels in Philly?? 
I'm sorry but I didn't get what the whole fuss is about. I think this place is hyped up way too much. 
The falafel I had was good, nothing special. The portion was tiny and I had to order twice. So in essense it was about $14-15 for lunch (two falafels and a drink)m which sucks. 
The atmosphere was weak. Way too cramped with dirty tables, so dont place to eat here.
Overall, the place is average, nothing special.So delicious! Came from NJ and really glad I chose to give it a try despite rough outer appearance. Falafel and fries were top notch.I thought I had found some of the best falafal elsewhere in Philadelphia, and boy was I wrong. If you're vegetarian, or simply love falafal, this place is heaven. I completely understand why there was a line out the door when I went here,  it's worth the wait! I got one of the lunch platters that had eggplant and falafal - absolutely delicious. I feel like I got transported back to Israel by way of pita :)I ordered a plate named after a woman.  I can't remember what it's called, but it has falafel, a veggie patty, and eggplant.  The meal also came with tomatoes, a whole wheat pita, cucumbers, and cabbage.  All of it was very good (except maybe the cabbage).  I give it 4 stars, rather than 5, because everything was cold.  (I doubt that temperature is standard; maybe it was cold because I ordered in the last hour the restaurant was open.)  Also, the sauces next to the counter seem pretty unsanitary.I've been here plenty of times but will never go again. I was waiting in line by the door and an employee basically yelled at me to shut it. I understand it is hot out; but not how you talk to a customer. Plenty other places to get falafel around here.Best falafel I've had in Philly yet - crispy and more importantly light on the inside. I've had falafel at a few other spots and they always end up far too dense inside, not so here, with the falafel (at least at lunch time) being freshly made constantly. White pita was also soft and fresh, tomatoes were bright red and delicious. A great falafel sandwich.Mama's falafel is the best falafel place ever. You can enjoy variety of pickles beside your food. They are very clean and friendly. Thank you.After reading the awesome Yelp reviews and passing by this little hole-in-the-wall joint multiple times, we finally made our long-anticipated inaugural visit to Mama's today.  We got the combo platter (which is listed on the online menu, but isn't an obvious option inside the restaurant) and a side of grape leaves, allowing us to try most of what they offer for under $12.  We tried to add a boreka, but sadly they were out.
Everything we had was great -- well-seasoned and hearty -- and the portions are plentiful.  Although most of the entree items are fried, they are not greasy or over-salted.  A standout was the latke, which is pleasantly dense and full of flavor.
That being said, it was the hummus and pickles that really make Mama's memorable.  The thick and creamy hummus is lightly seasoned and comes topped with tahini, olive oil, and some awesome house-made hot sauce.  We ended up getting an extra order to go.  Don't pass up the pickle bar, especially the pickled carrots, which are cooked through and infused with a subtle cinnamony-cuminy spice blend.
Can't wait to go back and try a boreka!Best falafel I've had. There are a number of great items on the menu -- but let's keep this simple. Ask for a:
Mama's on a wheat pita,
Spicy
Avacado
Go ahead and make it a meal. They'll make you wait on the fries, but it's totally worth it. All in all, this place is too good to pass up, especially if you're looking for something meatless.After living in NYC, we thought we would never find as delicious a falafel as Taim falafel. Wrong! Although this place has a different kind of falafel ball, it is just as moist and delicious. These falafel's also come with a lot more different kinds of fixins like hot sauce/pickled veggies on the side that compliment the dish well. My only complaint is the very limited seating but it won't hold me back from walking 15 minutes in 30 degree weather for takeout. Can't wait to try out the other items on the menu like the eggplant.I called Mama's to have a lunch catered for my company. I was absolutely polite on the phone and took the time to answer any and all questions. The owner, however, was very rude and kept trying to change my order. I still wanted the food though because my coworkers raved about the falafel.
The day of the delivery he wouldn't bring the food up into our building so I had to bother three other people to come downstairs and carry it all up. The food was definitely good and I enjoyed it, but as a catering experience it was awful. They included no plates or napkins either, and those are standard among big catering orders.Solid, great salad bar, excellent falafel, but a bit too in your face and curt to merit 5 stars for what it is.I definitely consider this place as one of my top Vegetarian joints in Philly. When I feel the need to eat a clean veggie meal, Mama's Vegetarian usually comes to mind. Always be sure to ask for extra sauce in the falafal. Bomb.comGuaranteed-delish, authentic falafel sandwiches (and/or platters) at an über reasonable price.  Fill it with your choice of toppings or let the experts do what they do.  Take advantage of their little salad/sides bar - (try their carrots, the little flavorful olives and their cauliflower - but you've got to first request a tiny plastic cup to carry out those goodies)
Often this is my second choice when Mr. Falafel cart (down the street) is nowhere to be found (or when I don't have the huge appetite to consume his massive constructions) but this does not mean that Mama's isn't good in her own right. She is.
Tiny place, I almost always take it to go  - on nice days, there's always a line but it also almost always moves rather fast.
I'm also partial to their stuffed grape leaves (50 cents a pop). Throw one in with your order, and get some extra tahini, hot sauce on the side and you're set!Life-changer. I had tried to come to this place at least 10 times before finally realizing that they are indeed closed every Saturday. But now, I'm totally willing to work around their schedule. After eating their falafel sandwiches, I feel like I owe them a lot more than the ~$6 I'm paying them. 
The falafel is so flavorful and crispy, and it has just enough smush factor that it melds with the other ingredients in the pita. You won't find a stale, hockey puck like chickpea patty here.
I order the large falafel sandwich, although the small could probably do, get a little side of pickled carrots and other fix-ins, and hunker down. The veggies are always fresh tasting, and the ingredient ratios are just right. Service is fast AND friendly- they care about their customers.  I wish they had cups for tap water so I didn't have to buy a bottle, but I guess it's my fault for not remembering to bring my own water bottle each time I come.The only thing keeping Mama's below a five star is the fact that it is cash only!
Visited Mama's today for lunch with a co-worker at my new job downtown.  Heard a lot of good things from fellow yelpers and was excited to give them a go.  Even with heightened expectations, Mama's delivered.
Walk in and read the board for the menu options.  I ended up with Mama's falafel sandwich.  You can get a half (3 balls inside) or a full (5 balls inside for $8).  If you dine in, your meal also includes a small salad bar with various pickled veggie options.  I should note they also sell fries and have a combo for $12, however, I opted out of the fries today.
The full pita sandwich was a good portion and maxed out in terms of filling.  I didn't leave hungry but had room to finish ever bite.  Beyond the falafel, the sandwich included veggies, tomato, hummus, and sauce.Very fresh and tasty.
Service was on point.  I went during peak lunch hour, but didn't have to wait long.  They work to keep you moving while giving you time to decide and customize should you choose.  Likewise, the place is clean, but does have limited seating.
Working around the corner means I'll be able to return to Mama's in the upcoming weeks.  Until then...In my mind, Maoz is still a bit better.
Here the falafel was good, but the hummus was way too tahini-y for me (my son, a falafel expert, wouldn't eat it) Plus all the hot sauce and tahini sauce was all in the bottom and not mixed at all.
The price was good, and I got there too late in the day to get fries, which are also a plus.
Maybe everything would taste better if I got there earlier in the day, so I may give it a try again, but I don't think I'll go out of my way to eat here.This place is great for a quick meal. The food is consistently well prepared. Only one time I was underwhelmed and that was because I got there too late and they were closing up shop so my latke was not freshly made. But- I've eaten here probably 20 times and am always satisfied.
The portions are large. The falafel, latke and hummus are great, the veggies are always fresh. I've never eaten the eggplant but a friend stated it's "crispy on the outside and creamy in the middle " and raved about the eggplant. So that's on my "to try" list.
The fries are just ok in my opinion, but the portion is large.
The place is Cash only, but reasonable - only 6$ for a large sandwhich and 9.50 for a platter which is gigantic.
The place is small, the ambiance is just ok. A line during the week at lunch, but the staff is super fast so it moves quick and they are friendly. 
Thumbs up...!One of of favorite falafel ever! I have tried many all over and on different continents. By far the best !Got their falafel after a few colleagues were talking about how good it was. Honestly wasn't very impressed with anything that I got and was tasteless. Also only takes cash which I'm not a big fan of places that restrict you as I prefer not carrying cash around.The food itself is amazing, easily worthy of a 4th star (you absolutely have to try their eggplant) but the prices and service bring it down a bit.  I like the Samantha Platter  (a combo of falafel, latke and fried eggplant) which it was recently downgraded to 1 fewer latke and 1 fewer piece of eggplant for the same price :(  Added to the fact that some of the staff insist on giving me the smallest possible eggplant pieces, even when I buy extra, I am bitter at the sheer number of upcharges needed to get a satisfying amount of food.  It is a cash only business which is annoying but they do have an atm in there for those willing to eat the fee. If you are flexible about requests (I cannot count the number of times my "no tomato please" has been ignored) and down for paying more like $12 for a full meal you will be extremely satisfied with this top notch food.  PS: They have a little side condiment bar and everything in it is gloriously tasty.Hands down the best falafel place in town!! The falafel is crispy on the outside and it's pretty filling as a sandwich. The pickle bar adds a zesty touch to the sandwich!! Will be going here frequently.Lunchtime favorite! I'm usually on the run for lunch, so I get the large falafel to go. I'm also on a lifelong quest to find food so spicy I can't take it, and Mama's is a good challenge, but I like to get the sauce on the side so I can distribute evenly. Lots of places overcook their falafel but not Mama's. Crispy outside, but moist inside. If I'm extra hungry, I grab the applecake for dessert -- the baklava's good too, but the applecake is a poem in your mouth.Sooo good! 
Service was quick and friendly. I had the Mama's falafel platter ($11) and it easily could've fed two people. The falafel is delicious--crispy outside and smooth inside. The cucumber/tomato salad, slaw, and hummus sides are also good, but don't really justify the price tag. You're better off just getting the falafel sandwich.so good! glad I found this place! I had the falafel sandwich! my only complaint is they only take cash(atm in the restaurant, nice), the girls aren't the friendliest (the girl w the short hair haha) at explaining what the food is bc I had no idea what they were putting in my sandwich or what any of the food was. While i was eating a lot of people walked in confused looking at the menu on the wall and walked out bc they were unfamiliar with that type of food. a detailed menu would be nice I think. ( as a vegetarian you get paranoid. but the sandwich was awesome and I will go back!Incredible food, incredible location (Capogiro right down the street for dessert!). The falaffel is so delicious, and their hummus is so smooth and creamy. I had my first falaffel here, and it was incredible. The ONLY complaint I have is that their hours are really funky. They're dirt cheap and always really busy. A real winner!!!This place was pretty good and reasonably priced. Got the falafel platter and an eggplant sandwich to split with my boyfriend. The hummus was delicious and the bread was very soft and tasted fresh. The falafel itself was also quite good. However wasn't so crazy about the sides from the salad bar.Mama's offeres kosher vegetarian food at its best. They bake their own pita, make the falafel fresh daily and serve it with delicious hummus, tahini, vegetables and hot sauce if you wish. They have a nice vegetable bar where you can add more pickles or vegetables for your sandwich. The half a falafel sandwich for 3.50 is a steal for lunch. Beware the lines are long, and they are closed on Saturdays.Mama's was the first place I ever tried falafel.  I'm a meat-eater at heart and never really had the desire to try it.  My first visit here about a year ago opened up my eyes.  I didn't fall in love with it right off the bat, but I wasn't afraid of it anymore.  Since then I've made a few trips to NYC where I had what I'm sure will be the best falafel I'll ever have at Mamoun's.  Mamoun's gave me the craving for falafel that I may never lose.  
Recently, I got back over to Mama's with some friends and got one large and one small falafel and they were much better than I remembered.  The whole sandwich is one giant masterpiece.  The creamy hummus, firey hot sauce and crunchy veggies really compliment the warm falafel.  I can also recommend the latkes and the fries.  Both are very good.  And if you are ok with some heat, definitely say yes to the hot sauce!  Highly recommend it for those who like falafel and for those who haven't and are looking to try something new.so hard to find fresh falafel but these guys do it right. really close to the real deal - israeli street food. a nice selection of pickles too.
it's a small menu so be ready for that. i suggest they add a few more items - like a real hummus plate with raw onions for the construction workers in all of us!If i could give this place a 1000 stars i would. I love the food. Everything is fresh and in abundance. I live for the mama's platter.   I go here at least twice a week. Mama's was the first place i ever tried falafel and will probably be the last. 
I tell everyone i know to go here. The prices are good and you can get things made the way you like them. 
The place is small and seating is sparse but if i took a star off your that we would still be at 999 stars. Amazing!I love their falafels and fries. Its right down the street from my job. I've never had a bad expirience with them, but I would recommend going before lunch times because their lines be out the door.A lot of healthy food for a little bit of dough. Try the eggplant! You won't be disappointed.Excellent falafel. Tastes authentic.  Granted I got there about 2 minutes before closing, so some of the toppings had run out.  But enjoyed making the falafel with the pitas and fixins.  Also enjoyed the dolmas which at 25 cents apiece were inexpensive. Can't beat it.Every day around noon a mini war takes place between my wallet and my stomach. Working in Center City, it's pretty difficult to find a satisfying lunch for under $10. Cue Mama's Vegetarian. A small falafel for $3.50?? Yes please. And, its super tasty plus filling. Not to mention the buzz in Mamas makes me smile; every walk of life happens to come in here looking for a solid lunch.Best falafel in Philly! I love going here for a quick sandwich that leaves me full and happy.Great place for Falafel sandwiches- fresh, authentic and filled with goodness. The first time I had them I was blown away, the second time not so much. They aren't the most consistent with flavor I would say. But still a great great spot for a filling delicious meal for $8. Get the eggplant in the sandwich as well, you won't regret it!Delicious- the small falafel was big enough for me- super filling, w/ good salad bar of pickled veggies and sauces- line moves quickly, served quickly, good deal!  Small area to sit and eat in, but was enough space for me and 2 friends to shove in and eat.  I will definitely return!The BEST falafel in Philly! The small ($4 - cash only) is perfect for lunch and an amazing deal - and they have whole wheat pitas! The pickle bar at the side is delicious too!Best falafel in Philly. Authentic and fresh. Wouldn't compare it to maoz (mcdonalds of falafel)Really good had the spicy falafel sandwich and it was bombb kinda messy tho which was kinda tough cause I went with a coworker. Would def come backTheir hummus, falafel, and pita are delicious.  The best in philly I've had. I've only had maoz, Byblos, and mama's.  The toppings are great too; everything is sooo fresh!  
I had a whole wheat falafel sandwich with tomato, cucumber, cabbage, and hummus.  I enjoyed every last bite without feeling weighed down; like after a trip to Maoz.  However, I love the salad bar at maoz.  
The only thing that would have made this falafel better would be warmth.  Unfortunately, it was cold, but still uber tasty with fluffy falafel and pita.Yum yum and yum   Great falfels. Great price  great find! Nothing fancy but high yum factor !while this is fast food, the crispy, well-spiced felafels call out for 5 stars. great pita, decent salatim, this place beats Maoz, not an easy feat.This was my absolute favorite eatery during my 4 years in Philadelphia!  Excellent location, near Rittenhouse Square and Market Street.  Excellent prices and menu.  My favorite sandwich was the eggplant sandwich!  They also provided awesome carrots as an option for your side.  Although I ordinarily love meat and consider myself a carnivore, I would literally eat at Mama's every day if I could.  Great place to go to pick up a quick meal, to drop in for lunch or dinner, or for a casual date.  Highly recommended!In addition to having great falafel, they also have really nice eggplant sandwiches and burekas.  
the free sides are also a huge plus if you love olives.Absolutely in love with this place.!
I m a vegetarian. .options being so limited for me, this is a place I wud even recommend to meat lovers.
They are are just mouthwatering good falafel sandwiches.
Their falafel balls are soft and yummy! 
CONS for them are 1) They are very unpredictably open and close. So if u just reach there sometime u dunno whether they r gonna b open.
2) cash only!! (Urghh! I hate those places)
Overall food is good n i wud go again with some cash;)Absolute heaven in a pita.  
Every time I walk in determined to eat in moderation and order a small. I  of course always leave with a large.
I wish I could give them more than 5 stars.  17 to be exact.
I can't even write anything else about them because my mind is now flooded with an intense craving for falafel.
I'll leave you with this:
MmmmmmmmmmmmmThis is going to be my new, favorite lunch spot! Walked in and the line was kinda long (I can definitely understand why), but it moved super quick! I was in and out within 5 minutes (that includes the time it took me to grab condiments!) 
They have a nice little salad bar set up of pickled condiments and sauces! Best part: they're reasonably priced. You can get a small falafel for $4 or a large for $7. All the ingredients were fresh and the staff was friendly and helpful. I will definitely come back again.
** NOTE: THIS PLACE IS CASH ONLY! **My go to philadelphia kosher food place. Always a pleasure always friendly and always hits the spot.10/10 Amazing food! It was my first time and they were patient and helpful by going through the entire menu. Very hospitable employees and they gave me a free sample to see if I would like it. Generous portions that won't make you feel weighed down.Pre-condition: I am NOT a vegetarian and I don't eat Falafel often. I've eaten Falafel from just 2 places in Central Philly: Maccabeam and the food truck located between 16th & John F Kennedy Blvd.
I went there on a weekday after lunch hour. Mama's was kind of empty at the time so I was able to sit-and-eat right the way after my order. I had a MAMA'S Platter with 8 Falafel balls. It came with Hammus, Veggie and a Pita. Falafel balls were very crispy (but not over dry) outside and soft inside. There are the best by far comparing to the 2 places I mentioned above. The Pita was great, soft enough to perfectly go with the Veggie, Hammus, and the Falafel balls. The Hammus & Veggie are good but not outstanding. Also, I had order a Soup of the Day for $3.25, which is a regular veggie soup. It's ok but not great. I would have saved that $3.25 for something else. I will go back if I happen to be in central city and think of Falafel ...Found this place through Yelp and sounded good so thought I would give it a shot. Walked in and was offered a quick taste of a Falafal ball in hummus and was sold. Food was delicious and I will be back when I'm in town.My entire office goes here on a daily basis - BEST falafels in the city without question. The fries are handmade and cooked to order as well. The lines are worth it!!!No need to fluff a review for this place because they are legit, delicious, and fast!
This is a once a week lunch spot I hit.  
Always filling and the staff are friendly!
What I usually get
+ Mama s Falafel Sandwich
+ Latkes Vegetable Patty Sandwich
+ Samantha s Combo Platter
get the pickled sides and roasted hot pepper! (I personally like mine hot but some people can't hang so try at your own risk.... or just get it on the side near the pickled section by the drankss!)I used to work around the corner from Mama's and I would get one EVERY day!  When I decided to move to LA 4 years ago, Mama's was the main thing (other than my family) making it very hard to leave.  Now, I visit back about twice a year and go at least 3 times in the week that I am here.  I love the food and the people who work here.  
Now, my sister works next door and goes whenever she can and of course tries to make me jealous :(
I still have not found ANY falafel in LA that even comes CLOSE to Mama's!  Keep it up fellas!
~apeHands down - Mama's falafel sandwich is amazing..one of the best I've ever had. Also they have a spicy sauce that goes really well with it.
For lunch people:
They are quick
Cash onlyDear Mama's,
Oh Mama of Mama's Vegatarian, thank you for creating something that is so fresh, so cheap, so tasty, and quasi-healthy.  Your employees are great too.
During finals, I realized I love you.  So far you are my favorite joint for food that is fast in Philadelphia.  
Love, MeganOk, first of all I need to preface this review by mentioning the fact that I am in no way a vegetarian. That being said, I might just be able to live off of Mama's falafels for the rest of my life!
Meat or no meat, this is hands down one of the best falafels I've had the pleasure of trying. For just $6, they stuff an entire pita full of hummus, 4 of the actual falafel balls, a plethora of veggies (some of which I thought to be a bit unconventional for falafel but really quite good), and as much sauce as you could desire. If this is not enough, there is a little side bar with different veggies to try, an even hotter hot sauce, and white and hot sauce bottles.
I have to say the best components in their falafels are the pitas, falafel balls, and hummus. Without these 3 components being as delicious as they are, this would only be at best an average falafel. My fiancé's is vegetarian, and her number one favorite food of all time is falafel. She said this is among her top 3 best falafels she's had, which I think speaks for itself!Great fresh food! The falafel was great and the hummus was sooooo yummi! Don't miss out on tbe eggplant as well!
I took the platter which could easily suffice 2 ppl so either share or just take the small sandwich. 
The platter comes with 8 falafel balls, i had hummus, a bit tahini and chopped tomato and cucumber. Really recommended.While the falafel sandwich I had was fantastic - warm soft bread with crispy falafels and to-die-for tahini, the service was beyond lacking. I arrived a full hour before closing and was informed that they were out of eggplants and that "I should come earlier next time". I was nonplussed and ordered a falafel sandwich instead. I sat down to eat my food, 45 mins before closing, only to have one of the staff tell me that "they were closing soon". I began to eat as fast as I could, and had finished about half of my sandwich when they began to stack chairs, an unacceptable 30ish mins before their advertised closing time. Needless to say I asked for a bag and left with my unfinished food and drink. Seems like a good place with good food - just make sure to arrive at least 2-3 hours before closing.Went to mamas vegetarian for lunch and was not disappointed! I got the large falafel sandwich with hot sauce and the sandwich was perfect. It was a pretty big portion and was very full afterwards. The hot sauce wasn't that spicy so I went to the salad and pickle bar to get some jalapeños. The line wasn't too long but it was getting pretty busy closer to noon when I was leaving the restaurant. I didn't get anything else but will for sure try the baklava and and fried eggplant next time I'm there for lunchOverall: 5
Food: 5
Ambiance: don't care
Service: 5
Price: 5
The falafel and spicy hummus with the wheat pita was awesome. I will be going back. Definitely would recommend this place even to the non-vegetarian.I would give this place  (100) stars if possible. Everything was fresh and delicious. The Samantha platter is your best bet for getting a little bit of everything. But order conservatively as the portions are very generous. There is also a complementary salad bar with fresh veggies and spicy  options. The staff treated me better than my actual family. It was like eating at the home of a longtime friend who was amazing at Mediterranean cooking.scrumptious falafel and even better grape leaves! also loved the little hush puppies with soy "meat" in them.4.5 stars. These sandwiches are quite possibly the best food to ever come out of Israel. Forget Zahav, save your money and come here! The pita bread is so fresh and so soft, with just the right amount of chewiness. The falafel is delicious, especially with the fresh cucumber, tomato, sauerkraut-ish type vegetable, hummus, and yogurt and hot sauces. At $6 (cash only) this giant pita sandwich is a meal on its own, but you can add fries and a can of soda or water for a total of $9. However, I wouldn't recommend the entire meal unless you've been trekking from Egypt to Mount Sinai and haven't eaten in days. 
It's amazing that vegetarian food can taste this good. I can't wait to go back and try every other sandwich on the menu. My only regret is that I've been in Philly for ~3.5 years and the first time I tried this place was today.If you want falafel - go to Mama's.  It is that simple.  Mama's has THE BEST falafel in Philadelphia.  I usually go there once a week for lunch.  Get there at noon, but even if you get there by 12:30p with a line, the line moves fast.  Go authentic - get the white pita, not the whole wheat.  The pitas cannot be beat in the city.  They are awesome.  Don't bother with the french fries (although I have not had them in a while).  The fried eggplant is very good too.  Don't forget some of the Spring or Prigat Israeli juices - especially the mango.
Get a large falafel sandwich, and don't forget to go to the fixings bar for some peppers, extra tahini, carrots, fried cauliflower, and extra hot sauce.  You can get a plastic container near the register.
If you are ordering for a bunch of people as take-out, get a few salad platters with extra falafel balls.
There are other places to get goof falafel too.... 17th Street Falafel truck (on 17th near Market )comes to mind (Yohai is very friendly to all of his customers).   If you are closer to 17th and Market, stop by his truck.  Just like Mama's, Yohai's truck is kosher.Yum!!! I tried falafel for the first time at Mama's and have tried is many times there since. I always get the spicy falafel sandwich. It's loaded with flavor (falafel, cabbage, tomato, hummus, and spicy sauce) and sooo delicious. Who knew a meatless meal could be so satisfying?!
It's formatted in a sort of chipotle like style where you order at a counter and watch them assemble your food. The line can get long after 12 so I usually show up a few minutes before to avoid that. Also- they are cash only which is a bit of a pain. Small super casual seating area, most people take it to go. Definitely the first place I recommend for more adventurous waters looking to grab lunch in the area.Wow, this is the BEST falafel sandwich at the best deal I've had in a while. Having tried Goldie just last week, I knew this place had some stiff competition, but after waiting just 4 minutes in line during lunch rush hour, and I ate a 'half' falafel sandwich ($4) filled to the brim with mouth-watering falafel, pickled vegetables, an extra slice of grilled eggplant ($0.75) and pick your own adventure side-salad cart, I left this establishment feeling gastronomically and emotionally satisfied. Some folks mentioned that the eggplant may be greasy, but I thought it was done just right and I highly recommend adding it to the falafel. Did I mention that they had a platter of freshly grilled jalepeno peppers as free, extra sides for you to pluck?
Long story short, stop reading this review and start thinking of which sandwich you want!they make your fries on the spot, that's why you have to wait.
everything is good, latkes, hummus, eggplant, falafel - so Samantha platter choice is good. 
I order the eggplant platter (no bitterness here) with sides of latke, falafel and french fries.Hands down, the best falafel in Center City -- or perhaps in all of Philadelphia county. I'll add my voice to the chorus suggesting the $8.50 "Mama's Meal" which nets you a falafel sandwich, a HUGE side of fries (almost big enough to be an entree of fries, really), and a can of coke. Get it spicy, though!I am in heaven.  
I am eating a Mama's falafel sandwich in wheat pita with a little bit of spiciness, and I am so happy.
The falafels are cooked perfectly - crispy on the outside but moist on the inside.  The warmth of the falafels combined with the coolness of the veggies and hummus, with a touch of spice makes this a perfect lunch for $6.   I am ready to go into a food coma now b/c it is so filling.
I was in and out of the restaurant in 10 minutes, despite the long line; they are obviously pros at handling the lunch rush.Excellent falafel! Go here! Forget the rest!Just indulged in a fine lunch from here. I strayed from my usual falafel sandwhich and splurged on the Samantha's combo plate extra spicy of course. It had tomatoes, cucumber, cabbage, , pita, hummus, 3 falafel, 2 eggplant and a latke. I even have enough left for dinner....and it was all only 8 bucks--can't beat it. 
.still the best falafel in philly (although alyan's off south street is a close second. forget about maoz.) the location is kind of dirty but whatever, so is every other falafel place and none of them are as good as mama's.
great vegan destination in philadelphia.Great falafel! I definitely enjoyed their sandwich since it was plenty of food for a cheap price. While I was waiting for my fries around dinner time, one of the employees gave me some free falafel to munch on. It's definitely a popular place. The one thing I would change is maybe some other sauces like tzatziki along with hommus. However, I do dig the fact that you can purchase their pita which I plan on doing one of these days and I would love some of their hommus too.Love this place and I'm not a vegetarian. There's a couple carts on the street around here to get falafel, the guy with the charcoal grill isn't bad, the halal carts are ok but Mama's is the place to go. The outside texture is nice and crispy, the inside warm and delicious. There's usually enough of a crowd that you can't help but get fresh balls. But those one or two times that they're not just coming out, they're still awesome.The potato pancakes rule. And the fries are freshcut made to order. You go at the right time of year you can get bourekas. I didn't know what those were before I went here but I like mushrooms and they had one with them in it. They're these big dough filled with whatever things. Like a pretzel stuffed with ingredients. THey have home made soup and so much else that you have to go to understand. My words aren't doing them justice. And then there's the pickle bar after you get your food. I would do 4 and a half but it won't allow me. Fresh pickled awesomeness to go with your sandwich or whatever you got. I only bring it down from 5 because the olives with the pit aren't there anymore. Loved them. But the beets, carrots and peppers are incredible. Don't forget the grilled pepper and if you're lucky, fried cauliflower.Haven't been in a while . Falafel was bland, underseasoned w/little flavor or spices. Not as good as in the past. Only 2nd time this was unsatisfactory; hoping  it was an aberration. Also no cumin carrots on the " salad bar", which was mostly pickles & hot peppers. DissappointedWhen you live near Mama's Vegetarian you can not resist stopping by to get a bite of their crispy Falafel. When she is hot, she is at her best (do not get me wrong, I am speaking about the Falafel here :D) it is fresh and healthy. I tried all Falafel all over the city, if you need the real taste of falafel come to Mama's Vegetarian.
Next best option here is Hummus, with a white peta and again falafel you will leave Mama's Vegetarian happy.
If you used to come here often like me, you will notice that the staff change often, in general they are friendly but it is hard to create loyal customer relation with all these often changes.
It is cash only shop so be prepared.This is a serious contender for best falafel in the city-and their fries are equally delicious. This is not something you can do everyday but when you have the falafel craving this is the spot to quench that hunger. Don't forget they are closed on Saturdays.Hands down the best falafel sandwich I have had in a while. Fresh, delicious, cheap and fast - what more could you want?1?!The best humus I have ever tasted. Although I can't stand the people who work here. Like used car salesmen. Don't tell me what I want. I'll tell you what I want. + Fries thank you.It's the best, I've had. It's so good, so fresh. I'd give it 6 stars. I haven't trie dthe crazy falafel guy's kart down the street yet, but the roasted peppers they have and the hot sauce at Mama's is amazing.
the pita is fresh, the vegtables are so good. I get the platter if I'm really hungry or the sandwich. Go there, it's an experience and amazing.Hands down, the BEST falafel I have ever had. In my life. When I left philly, I found myself craving this place often, and every time I've had falafel since it has not met my expectations.
Seriously - falafels in nyc, maryland, san francisco, seattle, etc etc - nothing compares to this place. Fresh, crispy, flavorful.
Some tips: don't get their hot sauce when you order (it's not spicy at all) but they have this really spicy green sauce in their side bar. Load up on that, because it's delicious.
Also, don't get a glass bottle coke here - even though it's in the bottle, it's not made with real cane sugar (at least, it wasn't the last time I checked - which was in 2013).The best hummus and falafel this side of the western wall. Delicious salad bar to add all the toppings to create your culinary masterpiece: pickled stuff, creamy and hot sauces, vegetables to add crunch - oh la la. Whether you're a vegetarian or a carnivore - shasay on down here for a great meal . A teeny, tiny dining spot that is big on Flavor and tummy satisfaction. Also, the outdoor seating is lovely, when Philly weather cooperates.Wow!  Falafel.... Wow!  
Very friendly service during the busy lunch rush when I stopped in on a Friday afternoon.  The falafel was so tasty-  A little crisp on the outside of it, a little fluff on the inside... just right.  The tomatoes and cucumbers were fresh, the sauce was yummy, and it was the perfect sized sandwich for lunch.  Super affordable, super delicious.  Yay!I don't know how I've never been here having lived in Philly for 9 months. I met a friend for lunch today. The line wasn't too long & they have an ATM on site (CASH ONLY!).
I enjoyed the falafel sandwich (spicy). The spicy wasn't too spicy & the falafel was perfect--crispy on the outside, warm on the inside, amazing flavor.
Vegan items clearly marked on the menu board. I will definitely be here often. Highly recommend.Consistently the most delicious falafel in the city.  I could eat their falafel, sabich, hummus sandwiches every day of the week.  Absolutely one of my favorite spots in the city.  Also great for catering.  Use them for every event we host and everyone is always impressed.I really linked the falafel i just had from there and 5 bucks is cheap, but I think I had better from the cart down 1/2 block closer to my work.  I'd probably still go again thoughVery inexpensive and very delicious. Don't miss their fries.
While I normally eat vegetarian meals when I want a delicious, meatless, healthier-than-a-burger lunch- I actually go to Mama's when I want a spicy hummus-laden delicious falafel and eggplant sandwich. I saw some reviews that say go for the half and to that I say- get the whole and save the other half for later that night when you're craving it again.
When I normally go, I don't get the fries because I'm trying to eat semi-responsibly, but they are pretty incredible, so sometimes I do find myself cheating and adding an order to my meal.
Although their sandwiches can be ordered spicy or not, I've never had them not spicy. I love my food spicy so it's not much of an option for me. This type of food may not be for everyone, though. It definitely is a unique sandwich but I would definitely recommend trying it over lunch one day. If you're not impressed with the sandwich, I guarantee you'll be happy with the fries.Wow.
Where do I even start with this review? 
How about how charming and sweet the atmosphere of Mamas Vegetarian is? You walk up to a corner store front with cheery yellow tables and chairs for those who want to dine al fresco. The inside isn't for those looking for a romantic, intimate dinner for sure; but its got personality. The chalk board menu lends itself to the whole Mamas "experience". 
The service is fast and they get you in and out as soon as possible. I haven't eaten there- but you order, get your plate, and sit. There is a sign encouraging you to share tables which I happen to love. They temporarily ran out of falafel while I was waiting- but the last of the batch was put in the fluffy pita that was to be my sandwich. I am currently pregnant, and  I joked that baby was hungry and wanted falafel and the gentleman grabbed a tiny plate- and took that falafel out  and said "for the baby!". Then I got a stuffed grape leaf from the other lady who was behind the counter. 
So lets talk about the after I got home and beasted this meal.
Oh.My.Goodness.
How do you say "absolute very best falafel ever" in Hebrew? 
I am so happy that I ate this for dinner. I ate an entire large falafel sandwich. I'm not full, and not hungry. It was a perfectly made, perfectly balanced portion. The falafel itself was a crunchy- while not greasy- flavorful ball of chick pea perfection. The pita was a fluffy masterpiece artfully constructed with the aplomb of a master craftsman. The hummus was creamy and complimented with the veggies and hot sauce marbled throughout.
I am impressed and in love.
I will be back, and I will bring others with me. 
Mamas vegetarian how I love you so. Thank you for being amazing.Fast and delicious! Get their fries. I wish they accepted card, thats my only complaint.The food is good here but not as incredible as some of the reviewers make it out to be. The falafel is fresh but I'd avoid skipping the  latkes and the French fries which were way too greasy in my opinion. Although I thought the service was a little off the main server I had was sweet albeit a bit overwhelmed. Also great hummus and okay  salad bar.I've been coming here for years. Everything's delicious, so come early because they do sell out! 
Friendly service. They even gave me complimentary falafel because I had to wait 5 whole minutes (!!) for french fries. What a nice surprise! 
It's my favorite hole-in-the-wall. It's a small, simple joint and definitely the opposite of fancy. I think that's what I like most about it. 
Tip: Their half falafel sandwich, at only $3.50, is a great deal because they stuff it full with hummus and falafel balls. It's big enough to stand alone as a meal. 
Cash only, closed on Saturdays and all Jewish holidays. It always makes me happy when I see their yellow chairs outside their door indicating they are open.Had heard rave reviews about Mama's so I was excited to finally try it today.  On the downside, pretty much everything on the menu (including the lakes and falafel) has gluten in it.  I decided to try it anyway and I will say it was very delicious and reasonably priced!  The sandwiches looked bangin'.  I would definitely go back!I have to say, the falafel was good. But I mean really, it's a friggin' falafel. I got the Samantha's platter, which comes with 3 falafel, a piece of eggplant, a veggie patty, a pita and hummus. The eggplant was cold and mushy, not good. The veggie patty was also cold. The hummus was flavorless without the spicy sauce they add on top. 
If I ever am in the mood for a falafel, I guess I will come here. But again, it's a friggin' falafel, nothing special in my opinion.Delicious, cheap, fast and [mostly] healthy. Best falafel I've had in Philly. They make it  to order, so it's piping hot and delicious. $3.50 gets you a (huge) half falafel sandwich on whole-wheat pita. Yum yum.
The thought of this place makes me miss Philly *sniff sniff*. Staff is so friendly, too.Because my cooking comfort zone and culinary career objective all stop at microwaving frozen food, I love discovering economic restaurants with great food as my "cafeterias". Luckily Philly kindly offers me many options and Mama's will likely always be on the list.
Cash only? No problem. Limited spacing? No problem.
Super proud that I brought two coworkers who were skeptical about "vegetarian" food for lunch and completely shifted their opinions. I got the Mama's Platter and added an extra pita bread and made two meals out of $15. By the way I definitely consider myself a big eater.
Last tip if you haven't stopped reading - PLEASE TRY THEIR PICKLES & SAUCES.Is this really the best felafel in Philadelphia?  I am a big felafel fan, new to the city, and I am not impressed.  yes, I will keep it on my go-to list for cheap lunches near Rittenhouse square-- but at $3.50 for a small and $5.50 for a large, it's kind of pushing my "filling lunch for less than $5" standard of living.
Yes, this is solid felafel.   Nice crisp chickpea balls, good but not at all fabulous pita, chunks of veggies a tiny bit large for my taste.  Feeling hungry after the small, I got a spinach bureka ($5) to go.  It was in a nice flaky pastry crust, but not enough spinach and definitely not enough in general for the price.  Grumble grumble.
Edited to add: I'm not going to yelp it because I'm too lazy to figure out how, but the best felafel in the city, top 5 felafels I have ever had, is the cart on 20th and Market.  Not very far from this place, but admittedly only open M-F 11-2.Great falafel. Staff give off a rude vibe if that's gonna be a dealbreaker for you.I had the falafel sandwich for $8.  This place is cash only, and they have a small ATM inside.  It's a small establishment with a couple of tables inside and one or two sidewalk tables. It gets very crowded during the lunch rush, so it's better to take your food to go.  The falafel was okay, and I thought the salad bar was pretty good. It included sumac fennel, some pickled vegetables, and roasted peppers.  I prefer Goldie's falafel sandwich, hands down. The pita at Goldie's tastes fresher, the tomatoes and cucumbers are well-seasoned and better quality.  Mama's Vegetarian is not bad by any means, but I don't feel it's the best falafel I've ever had like some others.The falafel (large) is served in a freshly baked (white or wheat) pita. Unlike most falafel joints, hummus is a default condiment, along with the pickled cabbage, tomatoes, Israeli salad and tahini. The hot sauce is flavorful, but not especially hot, at least not to the capsaicinaholic. They pack the pita with fresh, savory falafel and serve the sandwich warm. For just $6, Mamas falafel is a cheap and satisfying way to bed down your appetite. The stools arrayed at the store front window offer a pleasant view of the passers by near Rittenhouse Park.Seems like a typical falafel joint but they're definitely the best falafel I've had in Philly. I grew up on falfel in an orthodox Jewish community and I think this might be the best falafel I've ever had honestly. 
I also tried the cigars (soy meat), the latke sandwich, and the eggplant sandwich. 
All very good, especially the latke. 
Some of the best fries I've had too. Skin-on, steak-thick, not too fried. Perfection. 
Relatively cheap.
Cash only. 
KOSHER!I love it!! It is so amazing! I love the mama's platter. This is my first time try Falafel. This dish is big enough for one person and will make you feel full and happyAwesome falafel.  I mean, how can you order anything else your first time, based on the Yelp reviews?
You can tell from the clientele that this place is legit.  We were surprised to arrive maybe 5 minutes after opening on a frigid, Siberian Sunday and find the place already abuzz with customers.  We got our falafels spicy; veggies crunchy and pleasant, hummus was creamy and delish, soft pitas.  The only complaint I have is that I wish the hot sauce was a little more evenly distributed: I'm no shrinking violet when it comes to spiciness, but it's a little unpleasant to finish off your pita with a glob of hot sauce lurking in the bottom.
would love to come back and try some of their other platters!  or just takeaway hummus... or falafel balls... only $.40 each!Really, really good falafel.  I mean really.  It's also cheap and good for those in a hurry if there isn't a line, which there frequently is.  
Friendly staff except for one old, cantankerous man who is just funny. 
One problem is that the menu is not easily spottable. In fact, it's a paper menu pasted onto the food area.  This leads to people not knowing what they want until they get to the front of the line.  Then it's a lot of hemming and hawing and the line slows way down.  I'd suggest going to the front of the line to read the menu, decide, and hop back into line but the place is so small and crowded that this isn't an option.  
Why not just make a big sign?Now, that I'm a little further away from HipCityVeg, I think Mama's will be my new vegetarian spot.  The Samantha platter is the way to go.  I love when I can get a little bit of everything for my meal.  It has 3 falafel, a latke, and some really delicious eggplant, plus salad, hummus, and a pita for about $9.  It's a ton of food, and everything is delicious.Best hands down middle eastern food in Philadelphia! I love their falafels. And the price is extraordinary! Only five dollars for a falafel. The condiments offered are pickles of all varieties. I suggest trying their pickled hot peppers. The location is also excellent near rittenhouse square. Only suggestion for improvement would be to have a slightly more flexible menu for fillings.This place has the best falafel I've had in the US. Delicious. Good portions. Quick service. Friendly staff. 
I'm only here for another day and plan on coming back tomorrow. I plan to try the other entrees - eggplant sandwich or latke.Ate here with family from Tel Aviv.  They gave it a thumbs up and so do I.  It was delicious and will certainly return when I am in Philly again.This BY FAR the best falafel I have ever eaten in my life!  And, trust me, I've eaten a lot of falafel!  The veggies are fresh, the falafel balls are fresh and just the right amount of crisp, the pita holds it together well, and everything else is also A+! 
The prices are very reasonable too.  $6 for the falafel and then you can add $3 for a drink and more fries than I could ever eat in several days, let alone one sitting!  Go there now!  You will not be disappointed!Everyone seems to rave about this place for the falafel. I thought it was an average falafel. I wasn't floored by it. No wow factor that I could see. Fries were acceptable. I thought the eggplant looked good but I opted for the falafel instead.I absolutely adore this place!!!
I've been to Philly twice in the past 4 months. After I stopped at Mama's for lunch in August, I made it a must to stop there when a friend and I went to Philly for a recent weekend.
If you haven't picked it up yet, I'm on the kosher diet so finding a hot spot while travelling is always glorious.
I don't know if the decor grew organically or if it is cultivated but it rocks the kosher vegetarian vibe. It is low key joint. They will wrap your falafal in foil for pick up on the counter and it's up to you to find a table, plates, forks -the works. What you see is what you get.
I am a lover of all things eggplant and adding that unique texture to a pita falafal is soooooo good. Add in a potato latke and it's an extravagance. $7 for a whole pita falafal. 
Touristy things to note:
1. CASH ONLY so if you are doing a one day trip to Philly to take in some sightseeing make sure you have cash. I did see a bank two corners away.
2. It's pretty close to 30th street station (as a New Yorker close is about a 20 minute walk).
3. You can catch the bus two corners away and get dropped off at the Liberty Bell or head to the art museum.
Brilliant business model. Was there late in the day and they ran out of eggplant/latkes or something and that was that. I think they close shop so they have no leftovers and just make everything fresh the next day.Oh Mama's, why must you be 7 blocks away from my office on these hot days?   The mix of falafel, fresh pita, veggies, hummus, and hot sauce make a very nice lunch.  In the large sandwich you usually get 4-5 falafel balls.  If that isn't filing enough, the platter gets you 7.  
I have never had a bad meal here.  It is always fresh and the service is pretty good.  Maybe it's because I'm a girl and the workers are usually boys?  Who knows, but if you're sweet when you order, the service is on par.  And you may even get an extra pita.  Yeah, I'll kiss up a little to get extra pita.  It's one of the best I've had.Mama's food is by far the freshest, delectable, vegetarian, kosher, middle eastern flavor-boom in the Philadelphia area. Too many adjectives? Try it for yourself, and you'll understand what I mean.  
Warm, freshly baked pitas stuffed with ripe tomatoes, cucumbers, and cabbage, hummus, falafels, spicy, spicy, spicy sauce and for some extra spice their special green tahini sauce at the side bar.  If possible I would like to put that special green sauce on everything that I put in my mouth.  I dress my sandwich, the side of eggplant, and even experiment with a bite of a grape leave in this sauce and savour every morsel.  The flavor is explosive and magical all at the same time.
The side bar could potentially be a restaurant of it's own.  Spices, sauces, pickled peppers and carrots and olives galore. My personal favorite is the flash fried cauliflower. It's a must-try, AND a free added bonus to an already phenomenal meal!AWESOME FALAFEL. Done right with all of the different salads and sauces. Not just that but the falafel ball itself was really good.Our company order catering from Mama's a lot, and we all love it. The falafel sandwich is the best I found in Philly, and if you like spicy food like me, try their spicy source!Incredible food for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. A friend told me that they're vegetarian because getting meat certified as "Kosher" is a frustrating and expensive process. If you're a hesitant carnivore, you will be welcomed with open arms. This is the most satisfying restaurant in town.The food here is amazing. The staff is very friendly. I had the Samantha's Platter for $10.50 which was huge and very good. I would strongly recommend this place.Today was my first visit here and I can't wait to come back. I had never eaten falafel before. Wasn't really sure what it was but everyone told me Mama's was amazing so I gave it a shot. I'm so glad I did!
First of all, it's cash only. They have an ATM inside and there's a Wawa just down the street so no excuses.
The staff was super friendly and patient with people in line with a million questions. I give them huge props for that.
I had a mama's falafel platter and a couple of grape leaves. The falafel was amazing!!! It wasn't dry at all. Very tasty and left me full but wanting more. I don't even like hummus and their hummus was awesome. They put hot sauce in the middle. I was blown away by the flavor combos.  Thanks, Mama's!!The best falafel I've ever had- coming from a guy that lives in NYC.OK I have to agree with the other posts.  The Falafel here are some of the best I've ever had.  Hummus was delicious too!   Service was very fast and friendly.This was the place where I tried a falafel for the first time and I am glad it was!
Every other place I've had a falafel was not up to par. This place gives you a good bang for your buck. Every time I go back there and take a bite into one, I get that reminder of how uniquely delicious it is. It's not like a cheeseburger or a pizza you might have often. This is one of my favorite occasional treats!
The inside is decent for small groups and a quick bite, but it might get a little crowded for anything more than that.I'll keep it simple. Large, wheat pita, spicy. $6.  Good.So delicious and cheap! Their falafels have just the right crunch; the pita is so pillowy soft; and all the ingredients (hummus & veggies) are very fresh. For $6 you get a whole, and $3.50 gets you a half. CASH ONLY!
It still can't replace my love for Maoz since their salad bar is superior to that of Mama's. If Mama's had a self-serve salad bar with an abundance of options, then I will definitely change my loyalty.If I close my eyes while taking a bite, I can darn near convince myself I'm in Israel again. Which, by the way, is the highest compliment you can pay to falafel. This is just seriously falafel done right. $6 (cash only) for a huge pita, well made so it's not too messy, and all the classic fixings. So worth a try...or many tries.This is the real deal.  Right up there with the best falafel I've had on the streets of Tel Aviv or Amman.  Like a great cheese steak, a key ingredient is the bread.  The pita here is fresh, chewy and delicious.  The complimentary condiment bar offers a variety of pickles, olives and those roasted, long hot peppers that just keep on giving.  All this combined with the perfectly fried balls of ground chick pea makes for a gourmet experience at a bargain basement price.When you want the best falafel in Philly, Mama's is the place! The Mama's sandwich my go to on the whole wheat pita (while they last!). Oh make sure you have cash. No credit cardsDelicious falafel at a reasonable price!  Great lunch spot as they are quick.  It is cash only but they have an ATM inside.Wow! I love this place. Great little hidden gem in Philly. The falafel was fantastic. I recommend the spicy falafel sandwich. Also the grape leaves. We knew this place was legit because it is closed for all the Jewish High Holidays. Definitely recommend. We'll be back for more falafel again!By far the BEST falafel I've ever had!! I highly recommend the spicy sauce!
www.ohivedonethat.blogspot.comI forgot to review this place when I went this past spring.  Awesome vegetarian food.Very good falafel. The eggplant and the latkes are good as well. Wish they had rice. I also enjoy how much hummus they give you with the platter.Oh. My. God. 
Okay, I first found this place because I was wandering aimlessly around Rittenhouse Square trying to find a job. I saw a "Help Wanted" sign in the window and walked in to find myself surrounded by Hasidic Jews and suited up businessmen, all eating happily together. Such a lovely sight.
I told the very attractive Israeli boys behind the counter I was looking for a job and they pulled the owner (father?) from the back to talk to me, but not before giving me the twice over and asking me if I knew Hebrew. I shook my head. "I know some Yiddish?" I said uncertainly (my mother taught me some slang). The guy responded in Yiddish. I smiled and nodded, pretending to know what he was saying.
So they didn't end up hiring me, because the position was part-time and the man knew I was looking for a "real job" and didn't want me to quit on him two weeks later. But the next day I went back for lunch with a friend who works in the area.
The falafel is cheap and so, so tasty. You can get it spicy with as many toppings as you'd like. Add a slice of fried eggplant for 75 cents and head to the pickle bar for endless veggies, like fried cauliflower. Okay, so everything is fried (the actual potato fries are unreal) but not so much that you feel sick afterward. And the Israeli guys are constantly hooking me up with free food.
"I dread the day I have to tell them I have a boyfriend," I told my friend as were munching on complimentary "cigars" (Israeli taquitos).
"That's why you're never going to tell them," she said.I was expecting a lot after reading other reviews but was disappointed. The falafel itself is solid (though nothing extraordinary) but the sides and the salad are very disappointing. The baklava was ok, but again nothing to write home about. I haven't sampled all the falafel places in Philly yet but the food truck on 37th and Sansom has been my favorite so far (comparable with the best falafel I have eaten in other cities, NYC and Boston for example).are you kidding me?! lunch for $5?! yes, please!
a coworker stopped by this place and told me how good it was, so i decided to give it a try today for lunch. when we walked in, the line was pretty long (good sign)...maybe 5 or 6 people ahead of us...but the line went fast. while we were waiting, another like 5 people stood behind us. the wait gave us time to peruse the menu though so that was ok. the space is pretty small but cute. 
i ordered their small mama falafel sandwich spicy and some grape leaves. my coworker ordered the sandwich meal? it came with a sandwich, fries and a drink. they make the fries when you order them so it took about 5 minutes. the guys behind the counter offered us some falafels while we waited...which wasn't very long. but i thought this was a really nice gesture. the falafel was so yummy. moist and warm. i hate when falafels are dry...no good. anyways, while i finished my last bite, her order was ready. 
i'll definitely be heading back to this place! oh, the small mama falafel sandwich ($4!!!) and 2 grape leaves ($.50 each) left me full. AND i'm someone who can eat A LOT! it was the perfect portion size. i definitely want to try their eggplant slices and hummus next time. nom nom nomI enjoyed the food, but the place did not blow me away.  My friend was raving about Mama's, so maybe I expected too much.  Cash only.