I was happily surprised that we got seats out on the deck overlooking the river. It was peaceful and when it got dark, staff promptly lit candles and took our drink orders.
We ordered sushi and it was flavorful and fresh. I would order their sushi again and maybe venture trying one of their speciality rolls although they are on the pricer side ($16 a roll). I like that they have different food stations dedicated to one type of food. It's nice to be drinking and still get quality food to go with your drinks.
I am not a beer drinker but my companions seemed to enjoy the beers they ordered. No complaints!
Will come again :-)This will be may be my last time here for brunch. 
The omelet station had no meats. What am I paying for? I want an omelet with ham, bacon, something. 
The last time I was here, there was fried chicken which I enjoyed nicely with waffles. I was looking forward to that this time and they did not have it. They have a nice view of the river but the brunch is nothing spectacular.Stick to the beer, my cucumber jalapeño margarita wasn't great. Food was good and really cool atmosphere.  Super relaxing and killer music.Decent beer actually and really good food. Awesome happy hour experience and worth it. Great outdoor drinkingWith more and more brewpubs popping up in the area, having the beer made on-site no longer has the novelty it once did.  These days, people want their $6 beers to actually taste good.  Maybe it's the fact the brewpub was made early in the game, maybe it's the fact the place will always get good business due to its location; but the effort at the brewpub feels phoned-in.
The beer selection can only be described as bland.  There are enough varieties, but none of them really stand out.  Definitely doesn't stand up to anything offered by Victory, Triumph or Gordon Biersch.  They do have a full-bar stocked with liquor and wine, but no outside beers.
The food is usually pretty good; no complaints except for what they serve up during their Sunday brunch.  The Sunday brunch sounds like a good deal; about $30 for all you can eat buffet-style food consisting of salmon, ham, prime rib and other high-quality foods.  However; when you see it in reality, it's very disappointing.  Snobby sounding food cooked poorly and served cold results in the tackiness of a crappy casino buffet in AC.
They do get good musical acts in during the weekends and the outdoor area is great during the summer.  Despite the quality of the beers themselves, it remains one of my favorite places in Manayunk to go attend during Friday and Saturday nights.SOLID food it's a little pricey for what they serve but the atmosphere is amazing. Very intimate spots throughout the room-  nice venue. Beer sucks but food makes up for it. Also a little
Sushi joint in the place. Great place to check out.Awesome place!   Great Food, Great Beer, Great Atmosphere, and usually Great People. It's big, and there's lots of different bars in the place, even in the winter. Manayunk has been known to attract a meathead or two, but this place seems to be somewhat meathead-resistant. It's good to get there a little early, such as for dinner or happy hour - I've seen some long lines that form later in the night, and they might even charge a cover by then. Anyway, if you've been there, you know it's good. If you haven't, be sure to check it out. It's the best place in Manayunk, in my opinion.Maybe it's a good place to go for lunch or dinner, but as evening places go it's just awful. Evening staff are exceptionally rude, beer is complete garbage, and the DJ they had was seriously the worst I've ever heard.We tried the outside deck which is covered from the sun so you get the joy of outside without the inclement weather. Ate some lunch during the week to avoid the crowds. The food selections for lunch were average. The burgers and big salads were good. We also had a six glass beer taster set. Most of the beers on that were not very good. I'm giving it two stars because the service could have been a little more attentive and if your going to call yourself a brewery you better have some good beers. I can't speak for any live music or club scene as i haven't been.Giving this three stars because when we went we got to sit outdoors and the deck is a great perk of the place, especially on nice warm days. 
The place use to have really good sushi (have sushi chefs on staff) but I went last week and was pretty let down that for an $80 tab the sushi sucked and their beer is just so-so. Never eaten any of their other food but if we go again it looks like I will have to try since I'm not paying for their sushi again. 
Recommend going for a drink or two on the deck to be outdoors but then venture elsewhere for food or the rest of the night.one would think that having lived in the yunk for 8 years i would have known about the brew pub's all you can eat brunch feast. but, sadly, no... well, not until today! 
tho quite pricey considering that i don't NEED to eat the amount of food necessary to warrant the steep $21 cost, i did do my best to get my money's worth (and haven't needed to eat anything else since!) my made-to-order veggie omelet prepared @ the omelet station was huge & delicious and would have been a meal aplenty for me...but alas, i loaded up additional plates with roasted potatoes, half a bagel with cream cheese & veggies, fresh fruit salad, french toast with blueberry sauce and an assortment of pastries. a ton of food, right? yet i didn't even scratch the surface!!! there was SO much more, including more lunch-y dishes like meatballs and chicken marsala that didn't stand a chance at getting on my meat-free plate. 
coffe/tea is included in the set price....not mimosas/blood marys...but they're a pretty decent deal at only $3.50 a glass. servers don't have to do much here during brunch other than bring drinks and clear plates, yet our table of 11 seemed to have our mere 2 water carafes perpetually empty with no server in sight with whom we could request a refill.
the BEST part: the live jazz band playing while you eat! that alone helped to turn what is a complete douchebag bar by nite into one of philly's classiest bunch experiences outside of a center city hotel. so while brunch was great, and the back deck can't be beat, the combination of the "eh" beers, the "ugh" late nite scene and the "huh? where'd ya go?" service definitely costs the brew pub a few stars.I can't begin to say how much I love this place. Everything on the menu is delicious and the beers are incredible. 
Good vibes here, especially in the summer time.I have had many great nights out here, but came tonight for dinner for the first time. I have not been this disappointed in a meal in a long time. I ordered chicken quesadillas (how could you go wrong?) and they looked great on the outside but inside the chicken looked and tasted microwaved - white rubbery and watery - no cook marks. My boyfriend had the steak sirloin salad - the dressing was extremely lacking in flavor. Lastly we got the yellowtail scallion roll which honestly only tasted like rice. There was a tiny piece of fish in the middle. This meal came to $55 before tip, and honestly was not worth any of our money. This is solely about the food because service and atmosphere were great. Wish we took our business somewhere else.My husband daughter and I went for a light lunch.  First we opted to sit outside near the river.  We were at the end VERY CLOSE to some sort of storage area, super messy and a bit off putting.  Our server was fine, but a bit overwhelmed.  We had three appetizers, the Hummus veggie plate was billed as being Roasted red pepper but didn't have much flavor at ALL.  The hot crab dip had something off, couldn't put our finger on it but it was just not good.  The nachos with chicken had about five chunks of bland chicken.  All in all, not impressed with the food or the ambiance.  $48 bucks for three blah dishes and sodas.... not worth it.The brew pub is great. If you are a beer lover, you should definately try this place out. The menu is great with a little something for everyone and the chefs cook the food with some care. You will note the quality of the food. There is a sushi/steak station sometimes, a breakfast buffet on sundays, and live music often. When I go here, I have a vegetarian tower dish with eggplant, peppers, mushrooms. Its always been tasty. Like another revierer warned, beware of the party college crowd on some nights. And for all the god food and service, they are priced suitablely. You wont be disappointed you you visit for a fun time out.This place has a great ambience and looks like it should be better than it was. It was my first time there and truth be told I may be a "victim" of ordering the wrong item.  My friend and I both had salads and one was more nasty then the next.  Not only were they nasty but the portion was small.  On the bright side our waitress was friendly and very quick to let us try all the beer samples that we wanted.  Perhaps this would be better for a late night beer and catching a game rather than going for food.I've been for dinner a few times there and overall it's just kind of blah. It's nice for large groups because it's spacious and they have nice outdoor seating during the summer, but it's nothing to write home about. There are way better places in Manayunk to spend time and money for dinner.I think this is a good local place to go to with family and friends if it is walking distance or a short drive. The food is nothing special but they have a variety of options. I got the chicken, bacon, ranch pizza and it made my stomach hurt after.. but it was pretty good. Didnt stop me from having leftovers! Our waitress was nice and attentive throughout.Service was slow. The server gave us the evil eye the entire time! $13 for 6 crab raviolis? You could buy a whole cluster of crab legs for just a few dollars more! I would come here for the drinks, not the food!Four stars for the beers, three stars for food quality, two stars for everything else. We took a friend visiting from out of town here a while back, hoping to show him a good time and some of Manayunk. We called at around 5 PM on a weekend to ask for a reservation and were told that no tables were available until 9:30. Fine. We showed up at 9:30, only to see about half of the tables empty, most of which did not fill throughout the course of our dinner. Strange.
We got some beers. Everyone enjoyed theirs, and all was good. The food came out and that was okay, too. Nothing memorable.
When it came time to pay, we put down a credit card and received SOMEONE ELSE'S BILL BACK. What the what?! Up until this point, I had never experienced this at a restaurant before. The server came over, was half-heartedly apologetic, and brought back the correct receipt in a rude, rushed manner. I don't know if the loud music had distracted them or what, but the experience put a bad taste in my mouth.Drink local! Love this spot. Make sure you're sitting outside if the weather is nice, they have a ton of seating out on a patio right alongside the river. Solid draft list with a little bit of everything to please: darks, lights, and sours. Friendly servers and a bit of everything on the food menu as well. They also serve sushi.Went here 2 weekends ago. It was pretty crowded but service was still pretty good. Tried a few different beers, all of which were good but nothing out of this world. 
For dinner I actually had some Sushi which was very fresh and their rice is perfectly seasoned with Japanese Vinger. Everyone I went with had no complaints about the food.I love the eight microbrew selections, Shauna's bartender stylings, and the Schuylkill-straddling location of this place SO MUCH that I'm going to give it 4 stars despite the nauseating, 20-Something, hipster scene that congregates here after 7:00 PM on weekends.Came here on a date and fell in love... with the outdoor seating overlooking the Schuylkill River.  It was a beautiful day and very relaxing on the deck despite the crowds of yuppies  around the bars for Happy Hour. I will definitely head back simply for the Schuylkill Punch (Raspberry-flavored beer) and the view.  The food is just ok, so stick to the typical pub fare or pizza.I have been coming to the Brew Pub a lot lately, usually because it's convenient to my house and has a comfy feel to it. Plus, everyone is nice there. The only thing I don't like about this place is that it always smells like beer (hence, the brew pub thing, but still, I don't remember all brew pubs always smelling like bad beer). But I digress. This place has consistently good food, not great food, but good food (though people I've brought here have always raved about it). And the unique factor alone is a sell. How many brew pubs have a sushi bar in the middle of them? But again, I digress. I'm mainly writing a review because of the pizzas. The Brew Pub's pizzas are AMAZING, better than most Italian joints I've frequented. Their claim to fame, at least in my opinion, is their new pizza that has panchetta and roasted corn on it. It comes out gooey and warm from the pizza oven. The crust is thin and crispy. And the taste is out of this world. It is a true guilty pleasure. I try so hard not to finish the whole pie but I ultimately do. And I don't even care. Go for the pizzas, you won't be sorry.Enjoyed brunch on Sunday. People must be on vacation in August,  so it wasn't very crowded.  Ordinarily it will be difficult to call the same day and get reservations for parties of six or more. We called  that morning was able to get in.
They had eggs sausage omelette station waffles French toast turkey desserts.  They will add the gratuity to all checks.  Jazz band played the entire time.  For the most part the food was good. The salmon was a little overcooked but that's probably because they have it in small pieces and it stays in the chafing dish for a long time. The same was true for the eggs Benedict, the egg yolks were well done instead of slightly runny, and they hardly had any hollandaise sauce on them. The omelet  station was fine except I prefer eggs that not browned and I told the chef this and he had the frame up too much and they browned anyway.  Sunday brunch is from 10:30 AM until 2 PM you can either order off of their regular menu or the Sunday brunch buffet. 
Really enjoyed the atmosphere and the laid-back feeling of the restaurant which is why I gave it four stars.  We will definitely go back.The Brew Pub is by far my favorite summer happy hour spot. The outside deck looking out on the river is fantastic and often has a steel drum band playing. The food is great - appetizers are fantastic, and I would recommend the steak salad. And if you like sangria, you are in for a treat. Their summer sangria is absolutely delicious, light and refreshing.I live up the street from the Brew Pub and visit quite often. The beer is good especially the Schuylkill punch its the only one i get now. However I now have a huge beef with this place. Last weekend we ended up here late night.. i didnt have any cash on me so the girl at the desk said she could hold my licence and go to the atm and give her the 5 bucks. So i went to the ATM and it was out of service. So i just went to meet up with my friends. I ordered some drinks and forgot to close out my tab at the end of the night. The next day i go down there to get my licence and debit card back and pay for my shit. The license and debit card are nowhere to be found. And on top of that the hostess chicks were bitches. Asking me if I "checked my wallet" or my pants pocket. Well obviously I did you dumb bitch why do u think I am here. So ive been back to check again and still nothing. Other than that upstairs is fun if u like to dance and acutally the sushi is decent.Sure it's a little trek from Philadelphia, but the Manayunk Brewery is worth the ride on the regional rail. During the summer the outdoor seating is a great place to chill out with friends and have some drinks. Their homemade beers are good with options from the lightest lagers to some darker beers. There are a ton of options for food as well, with the typical bar food, some spicy pizza, and even sushi from their sushi bar. When we went they had live music and a good crowd. It's a real fun place and has one of the most scenic sites to eat by the river in the greater Philly area.Great environment, view, staff. Enjoyed the different beers that I tasted. For the appetizer I had the Hot Crab Dip, I am a seafood lover, but this was a bit overwhelming to the taste. For the entree I had the Stone Oven Baked Chilen Quesadilla, it was a good portion size and great tasting. Overall I enjoyed my experience, can't wait until I come back and try other items on their menu.I had a really great experience here about two weeks ago. My boyfriend and I grabbed a late lunch here on a Saturday. We both tried two of their house brews. I can't remember exactly the ones that we tried, but their description on the menu was accurate as was the waiter's recommendation. We also split the nachos and they were awesome. They give you a a huge portion. What I like about the nachos is that it's not just chips, but there's a lot of chili meat and toppings throughout. A huge pet peeve of mine is when you order nachos and there's just a bunch of chips on the bottom. This was definitely not the case here. I liked the style of the restaurant. It's very modern meets classic. It seems like a great place for families, young adults, college students, etc. My only compliant was that the wait staff kept trying to rush us out even though they had plenty of tables.I have been back many times as our default easy dinner and good beer spot. I'll say we've had some spotty service lately with servers taking our order and then switching and having a new person retake our orders. Some other servers have been great though so think this was just an unlucky night.
We've tried a bunch since our first visit and must say the sushi is surprisingly great. Nothing to rave about but it's fresh, on the cheaper side and hit the sushi spot really well. I'd recommend the spicy mango salmon or octopus. We've gotten from a few places around manayunk and this is surprisingly our go to for it now. 
We've also gotten most of the sandwiches by now and would recommend any. Brisket one is definitely the pick of the litter. 
If its a nice night for sitting outside you definitely want to be on the deck over here. Favorite spot to relax outside with a flight.*Wedding Venue Review*
I was here on Sunday for a family wedding. We initially went into the "main" entrance down the ramp and into the bar. I loved the sushi area and the big bright tap list on the wall. It wasn't too loud but there were a lot of people there watching the football game. I would have loved to hang out there. Upstairs, the ceremony and reception were in the big room which was plenty big for our group and had stations with DIY sliders, cheesesteak, and stir fry. The food was fresh and hot and tasted great. We also had a private bar for the cocktail hour and reception with (what I think was the same tap list as the main bar). I only had one beer (the Rise & Grind) which was fantastic, but I tried sips of other beers and they were all really well made. I even brought home a four-pack of the Crunch and the King Crunch back to CT! 
Manayunk itself is a cute little town and I am hoping to come back and check it out.Brunch Buffet is pricey but has a large selection.  If the weathers nice make sure to sit on the deck along the river.
There's a sushi bar on the first floor.  I wouldn't go here looking for top notch sushi.
On the weekends this place gets packed.  They have live music downstairs and if the upstairs room is not rented there's a DJ and another bar.  I didn't find out about the upstairs bar for several years.   Its a nice option if the band isn't that good or if you feel like dancing.Manayunk Brewing Company has pretty good food, service that wont raise your blood pressure, a deck that will really do it for you on those nights that you simply must eat outdoors and beers that are pretty forgettable.  A kick ass brew pub with memorable beers and truly excellent food with that deck in Manayunk should have them standing in line down to the Triumph dealer and own the best brew pub reputation in the Delaware Valley.  Granted there is a wait on balmy nights for the deck, but that's default business.  Even I will drink their beer on a great al fresco evening.I love the food here. Crab dip is delish. Pizza is really good. Cookie desert soooo yummy! Must try the cheese steak egg rolls!! Honestly everything I have had on the menu is amazing. Food is decently priced as well. Probably on of my favorite places on main.This place is probably really really nice during the daytime, with the waterfront seating and the great outdoor areas. The nachos we ordered were very good, and I loved their raspberry beer, but I don't think I will ever come back after about 9 pm.  Manayunk Brewery is Mecca for white frat boys.  It just is.  If you're into being groped and surrounded by meatheads, this is place is for you!  Our waitress was a grade A jerk.  She dropped my friend's wallet and didn't bother to pick it up, and was really short with us and just kind of rude.  It even started a debate at our table about tipping and restaurant service staff.  Mixed feelings!!!!Great spot.  A little pricey on some items for what you get but you can't go wrong with the sushi which is surprising for a brewery.  Server could have used some further beer knowledge but was very polite and attentive.Nice atmosphere but the food was bland. I had the captain's chicken. I liked the combination of chicken, crab and shrimp but it just didn't have enough flavor. I read expecting a scampi sauce insured it was like a light country gravy. The chicken was hard on the outside, dry and no flavor at all. The rice was flavorful but soggy. Also don't expect to get full unless you get a salad because the capturing chicken dish was tiny. Oh I forgot about the shrimp only two! That's right two. All of this for $18.50 really? I must add that the waitress was great but the host please someone make her smile and not act so scared of people and walk slower when she seats them. Lastly and once again is a nice spot, it would be perfect if you give the host a smile and give the food some flavor and teach the cook how to cook rice firm and chicken soft. Not the other way around.Manayunk Brewery offers a large venue with decent atmosphere and good lighting. I have been there with friends on a Friday night and it's a great place to stop and try some of their seasonal micro-brewed beers. 
I stopped by again today around 4-5 on a date after telling her how great the place is and left less than satisfied. The brewery felt awkwardly empty with around 20 patrons there. We had the calamari which I found to be over fried with a strange choice of dipping sauces: sweet barbeque, some sort of thick and sour balsamic vinaigrette, and a nice and pungent hot cocktail sauce (all three sauces are layered on top of the dish by default, make sure to ask for them on the side). Next was the cobb salad, a fairly hard dish to mess up; it was decent and well proportioned for two. Finally we had the beef tip sandwich, chopped pieces of steak on a kaiser roll; I found it to be edible but it was tough, too dry for my taste and lacked flavor. The service was adequate but could have been better for what your paying. Dinner for two amounted to roughly $50
OVERALL: Manayunk brewery is definitely one of the best places to check out and grab a beer on a good night (thurs,fri,sat) after 9. As far as dining goes, they are slightly overpriced and should stick to their core competency, serving alcohol. It wasn't terrible, but I would probably not eat there again.Had a great meal today with family (kids 8,6 and 4).  Menu choices were more than sufficient and staff was friendly.  I particularly enjoyed my beer flight, trying 9 of their drafts for only $8.
Food came out a bit slow due to a funeral lunch, and waitress apologized in advance and offered kids meals for free, per her mgr. And without us even saying anything.  Nice touch!Was here for the Sunday Brunch for a friends Birthday party. The party was lovely and a good time was had by all but the food was Meh...Not too exciting and certainly not worth the pricetag.  Overcooked eggs, soggy bacon, oily sausages and mediocre waffles. The omelette station looked good but with only one chef, it was slow and the line was soooo long. We didn't want to miss the rest of our party so decided not to wait. So-so breakfast and a cup of coffee later, the individual price tag for 'brunch' was a $26.00 surprise. Add $5 to that for each mimosa, if you had one. Way overpriced for the fare served. Skip the pricey brunch selection and just order from the menu IMHO...This place is snazzy looking.The food was pretty good, and the beer selection was interesting. The service was weird--not bad, just weird. Servers hovering and waiting to snatch your dish is weird--and rude (please have them wait until everyone in the party is finished, within reason ). Standing behind someone's chair is weird. It must be what it's like to be the warden of a prison waited on by the inmates.Went for lunch while my family was in town visiting Manayunk for the first time. I immediately thought of Brew Pub as a nice place that we could sit outside on the deck during a beautiful Saturday afternoon. 
It was graduation weekend for a few colleges so it seemed busier than usual for lunch. We had to wait at the bar about 20 minutes before being seated but we didn't mind since we got a chance to try out some of the micro brews. I tried the Manayunk Wit, which was their version of a wheat beer. My father tried that Lager and liked it, but wanted it to be a little darker. 
For lunch we had an assortment of things - the coconut shrimp appetizer was good, nice and crispy with a nice spicy dipping sauce. My dad had the crab chowder which he though was some of the best chowder he's ever had. 
For my entree I got the lobster crab cake sandwich... be warned, it's pretty small and if you're not into eating a bunch of french fries for lunch you may want to go for something else. The flavors were good, but certainly not that unique. My bf ordered the brisket sandwich (which he's had before) and it was so flavorful and delicious. I loved the blue cheese horseradish sauce that came with, it perfectly complemented the meat. The little bro ordered the chicken parm which was pretty basic. His only comment on it was that he thought there was too much cheese - I think there's no such thing as too much cheese, but he's a weird kid. 
All in all it was a pretty good experience, maybe my rating is on the high side because the weather was so perfect. Our server was extremely nice, but service was a little slow...probably due to all of the large parties for graduation lunches.This is my 3rd time giving this place a try and I am glad I did again.  My last experience was during the summer on the patio, the service was terrible, long wait times, the waitress forgot to put the food in etc. Anyway, this time I decided to try happy hour at the bar. They have a few good happy hour specials from 5-7 they are more food oriented as the drinks are just only 1$ off. However, I enjoyed the sushi ( shrimp tempura) not on happy hour menu, and I especially loved the cocktail I ordered. It is very hard for me to find places who makes a good pomegranate martini and the woman at the back bar on a Tuesday night ( wish I asked her name ) nailed it! They were awesome and so was her service! Glad I decided to give this place another shot and will be returning.Waitress was the best part, attentive helpful and friendly. Food was ok at best, edible. Do not believe the word "spicy" on the menu. Fried green tomato? It was flavorless, and red. Go here for maybe a beer, but the food is overpriced for what you get. The texture was great, but the flavor was severely lacking. This may be a good spot of you have picky eaters, since nothing seemed that complex or flavorful.I went to the brewery with my husband a few days ago, and we were disappointed. We used to go a lot before they changed their menu. The menu is so stripped down, lacking many of the items that were great before (such as the brisket sandwich). Also, the sushi bar is closed on Mondays, and they were out of two beers on a Monday evening. Kind of strange. 
Our waitress was really nice and she did a good job. We were the only people in the place around 6pm for dinner. Our pizzas ($8 special) were fine, but not what I would usually get at a pub. I didn't feel like any of the salad/sandwich options were really that great and the entrees are very pricey ($17-28). 
As much as I like the beers here, I wouldn't drive into Manyunk for the brewery anymore. Until they beef up their menu a bit, we'll go elsewhere.This review is from our second visit to this restaurant. I waited to see if our first experience was a fluke. It wasn't. The service we received both times was very unacceptable. I actually needed to ask if someone was assigned our table. This time we actually left after a 15 minute wait without being acknowledged or even greeted by our server. On our first visit we actually endured the long wait for service and had some rather good food. Was the wait worth it? Good beer good food lousy service.Came in on a Saturday afternoon. Not too crowded at the bar. Great beer, nice drink pours, and decent food, although clearly industrial ingredients. Male bartender was grumpy, female bartender was outstanding. Very quirky Saturday afternoon regulars made for interesting conversation.Want to get abused by bouncers? Go here. Overly aggressive, verbally and physically abusive employees. Lawyer up.The interior fits to a brewery: Brick and stone walls, industrial ceiling. Good lighting. The service was good, the beers were ok, the cocktails too sweet and the Whiskey Sour a disappointment. The food was not really more than mediocre bar food. The sushi was dry when it came to our table.We went here for dinner last night and lunch today.
Lunch was 2 stars and that is generous. The place wasn't busy yet our service was SLOW. They had a very limited menu for lunch.
Dinner was amazing! Great cod tacos! 
The jazz band was great just a little to loud. The beer was tasty and so was the sushi!
Must try for dinner but not for lunch.My friend and I found ourselves here for a Masquerade party which was a pretty cool concept, but I balked a bit when I saw where the location of the event was.wasn't a huge fan of Manayunk (read: Mad River ruined it for me). However, I am honestly glad that I brushed aside my previous experience with Manayunk and came out. Parking can be found either on the street or in a nearby lot for $10. The ambiance is a bit on the dark side with a trendy air about it. There are also tons of tvs with various sport games on them.
Our event was held on the deck out back which was tented and heated to help us brave the frigid winter weather. Although they had drink specials, the credit card minimum was $20, so keep that in mind if you're not a huge drinker (although 4 drinks and a margherita pizza put me way over that line!) Tony, one of the bartenders, took great care of us though! The clientele is interesting as well; some drunk guy literally walked up to my friend and took a slice of her pizza. The bartenders looked as shocked as she did, but the situation was settled amicably (i.e. she let him have the slice and informed him it was her personal pizza)
I feel like this is a nice local, trendy bar and they brew their own beers so if you're into that sort of thing, you should definitely try it out!I've been to Manayunk Brewery three times for lunches and drinks.  This is an extremely well managed restaurant.  The staff - waiters, bartenders, cooks, bus boys, etc are all on their toes.  Excellent service.  The restaurant and brewery area are spotlessly clean.  The menu isn't extensive, but there's something for everyone - including gluten free and vegetarian selections. Last visit, I had a mushroom pizza.  The menu says it's for 1 person, but I couldn't finish it and took the rest home.  Sandwiches are excellent.  The sushi bar opens at 4:00 and the menu looks amazing, so I'm definitely going back for that.  I've only tried the blonde bohemian beer (I'm not much of a dark beer drinker) and it's really tasty and refreshing.  The beers are made on the premises.  You can see the brewmasters at work with the giant tanks. Prices are maybe a little high, but you pay for quality.The Brewery is my go to SPOT when I want consistent food and drinks!!  I have been for Brunch, Lunch & Dinner.  I go here to take folks who want an intro to drinking new beers - they offer a sampler and it help some develop a palate for different types of beer.  I am a Hoppy beer person, so I liked the Dreamin'...which has been discontinued - think it has a new name now.  The bartenders are also skilled at making cocktails.   Now the food is also equally enjoyable.  The mahogany wings are always perfection.  The brunch dishes are also tasty - but be aware - Brunch get crowded - so plan ahead.
So, the 4 stars are really for the Beer selection - but the food and service are about 3 stars.  Solid place - So have no worries.I am in love with the outdoor deck here. This is THE place to be in the summertime enjoying drinks and listening to the live music (most of the time). You have to try all the different brews they offer (don't drink miller lites!)Came here for Fall Restaurant Week and could not have been more pleased. We had great service and excellent food. 
I had a beet salad with pecans and goat cheese to start and the beets were perfectly cooked. For an entree, I had tortellini with sausage and Kennett Square mushrooms. It was spectacular. Seriously, so so good. My friend ordered a medium-rare steak, and the temperature was perfect. That was impressive!
Dessert was good, and the portion was perfect. I left there feeling satisfied and not overly full. Their Dragonfly beer was a good choice. 
Definitely recommend!Extremely poor service...but food (that they actually have in stock) is good,  as are the drinks.  Nothing makes up for piss poor service.Love this place. Every time I go there I try something new. The dining area looks great and is really chill. It's my neighborhood go to spot for beer and good foodI made dinner reservations for 10 (6 adults, 4 kids) on June 23 to celebrate a graduation. The food was good but they could not understand  or handle us 6  adults wanting to pay separately even though we told them before we ordered our food...so when the check came and we attempted to pay separately it was literally rocket science for our waitresses...which basically ruined our night after all the damn back and forth with those waitresses... I'm never going back.Fun atmosphere and huge restaurant! As someone with a gluten allergy, there wasn't too many options. The menu is marked with options though. I originally asked for nachos and they said they were not gluten free. I got the hot crab dip which was pretty good and sushi, which was amazing. My boyfriend loved the cheesesteak dumplings. The wine was good but the glasses were quite small but my cousin got the red sangria, which she loved but I could not have because it had whiskey in it (not gluten free). My sister enjoys their burgers a lot and always orders one there.I can always count on coming here for a meal and having a good time. The food is good, and it's a plus that they also serve sushi, which I love. The only downside is that they only serve it on certain nights, so if that's what you are looking form, make sure you are going on a night that the sushi chefs will be there.
The beer is always flowing and plentiful, and the drinks I get are always good. The service is good, but a few of the waiters and waitresses I've had are a bit on the slow side. That's good and bad, especially if I'm out for a girl's night and want time to catch up, so we have a lot of time to chat. However, if my water glass is empty and I'm parched, it could be 20 minutes before I get a refill or have the chance to catch someone's eye. 
This is definitely one of the first places I think of to go when I am in Manayunk, since it is such a staple. My parents had an anniversary party here several years ago and the people who helped her coordinate were great. We had the whole back open section to ourselves.Went here on a date and ordered sushi. They waitress said they were running behind because they ran out of rice and needed to make more??? Thought this was bizarre! When my rolls finally came out the presentation was awful and the taste was even worse! Worst sushi experience of my life! I also had crab dip and a Cesar salad as apps and both were very sub par. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and will never go back!Great place!  Atmosphere, food, dining, music, service & FOOD!  It's a great date place!  The Sunday Brunch was wonderful!  Reservation makes your visit all the better.  Will be returning soon!Been hearing about the MBP for years.. so for my birthday I decided to give her a try...now I have to say my sister in law reccommended this place, and usually she has the palate of a horses ass, so I was ready for another adventure like Sorrentos restaraunt she reccommended up on ridge (see my review on it .. it sucks)
Anyway.. SMALL menu,selection, which usually means REALLY good food. I do like some microbrews, but I find that most micro brews  fall into 1 of 2 categories ... 1) Excellent , craft beer types and 2) Gimmicky , trying to "make a point" (like being really strong, or a weird combination of ingredients) .. with dumb names like "Monkey junk" or something  
I started off with the Deviled egg appetizer (dont eww you know you like them .. usually) this is 3 deviled eggs, 1, with smoked salmon, 1 with crab, 1 just plain  ...I backed that up with a glass of theire own microbrew beer "schuylkill punch" raspberry ale 
Now you can Eww, they werent that good... OVERLY salty almost like sea water, you couldnt really taste much else ..but I never let 1 dish sway me ... some of the best places Ive ever eaten, were a miss on the appetizer 
Now its important to note I went with my italian relatives ... which means like it or not youre going to get a bite of every friggin thing on the table ...so dont think im some kind of IFOCE eater or something 
Following my drink of the schuylkill,(which was ok, but bitter )  I decided to order the 8 beer sampler ... Now its hard to label a microbrew "good"or "bad" ... beer varies SO much flavor, recipies, ingredients.. area , that what you might think is bitter, another may just call a "hoppy finish"... if that makes sense 
I like a good beer, IMO of the 8 beers I sampled, only 3 were what I would call "pretty good"... none were excellent , but 3 were drinkable, well at least till the high alcohol content they all have puts you on your ass that is ...(For the record NONE go with deviled eggs aight?)
Sounds like a disaster right ... well , lets see 
Service was impeccable, the waitress was a doll, the kind of girl that could dump your plate on your lap and youd still tip her 20% ...
Then there were the entrees... and HERE we have the 5 star rating ... we put a DENT in the menu 7 people 
The Wings... OUTSTANDING.. crispy, in a sweet glaze, that makes you want to lick the plate 
Calamari...OUTSTANDING.. light sweet breading, with a sweet spicy dipping sauce.. 2 bites and I wanted to go get a room with it 
Chicken Marsala (no my fat ass didnt order all this it was our entire order , I was "Italianly" forced to tase everything ).. Best I have ever had, and the hard core italians with me agreed ...delicious 
Nachos... OUTSTANDING
I had the smoked brisket sandwich with a side salad ..OUT OF THIS WORLD tender juicy, really good horseradish mayo , on a rolll with carmelized onions, and mushrooms.. my face didnt come up from the plate till that sucker was HISTORY .. and their balsamic dressing is the best Ive ever had at a restaraunt 
7 people , with a liquor bill, all that food came out to like $200.00 not too bad at all for the quality of what I crammed down my gullet last night 
SOOOO if you want to try a place with REALLY REALLYgood food.. really bitter beer, and shitty deviled eggs...with outstanding service.. give the MBP a tryAwesome bar. Not really a club but has some dancing up stairs, also always has a live band out side. 
There are several good things about the Brew Pub. One is the outdoor deck, which in the summer can make for an amazingly fun time. The other is the beer. Anywhere in manayunk your going to spend 5$ for a beer. Here you get hand crafted beer that tastes amazing. 
So... lets see 5 $ for shitty miller lite or awesome schuylkill punch. 
Honestly it's probably the best bar in manayunk.I've only ever been here in nice weather when the outdoors is open, which automatically gives it 4 stars. Great views and ambiance. Food is fine and the beer is great--the sampler is a steal and you'll know what to order for your next two or three or...This time was just ugh. When we got there we had to wait 15 minutes. Okay that's cool, 15 minutes comes around still waiting, 20 minutes still waiting. When we finally get seated we realized that there were SOOOO many tables open? Soooo why was there a wait? Any who.. Our server Laura, idk what was up with her. She just always took FOREVER with EVERYTHING! Idk if it's cause she was busy or what. She asked for our drinks, I told her what I wanted. Took forever. When she finally came back she stopped in her tracks and did the body language of "Oh crap I totally forgot her drink". On the other hand, all of our food was good. My sister swears by the Veggie Burger - she loves it, I had the Southern Fried Chicken Littles, and my other 2 friends ordered the Mahogany Wings. However, my friend also ordered the Hot Crab Dip. The French baguettes were inedible. Really hard and had so much different seasoning on it, looked scary to eat.I used to love going to The Brewery because I like their sushi. But my last couple experiences there were terrible. The food was still fine but the service was a disgrace. Last night, it was dead inside but my two friends and I still had to wait 10 minutes for the waitress to come bring us menus. It took 10 minutes to get a glass of wine. I also had to walk up to the bar to place an appetizer order because our waitress had disappeared for so long. This is not the first time service has been lackluster. Reluctant to go back..I love the layout of this place, it's got a little of everything - indoor and outdoor bars, dining area, stage where cover bands play, a dance floor, and my favorite part of all the sushi bar!  Believe it or not, the sushi here is AMAZING!  You can't go wrong with sushi chef ED, i love all the specialty sushi rolls here (just had the sea roll last night and it was delicious!) and the sashimi platter is awesome too.  The food otherwise at the brewery is so-so in my opinion, but can't beat the beer of course, my fav is the schuylkill punch (which goes great with the sushi :))  This is a chill place to go any night of the week, something for everyone!This is a great place to bring visitors to Manayunk. We've been to it a few times now, and it's growing on us each time.
It's nice that they offer sushi, though, a little out of place with the other food options. SADLY, they removed the mashed potato pizza from their menu, and I was very disappointed last time when it wasn't available.
BEER is obviously a highlight of this place, and I really enjoy the Nocturnum beer when it's available. The Monk from the Yunk is also nice. Really, this place is all about the beer, so try a sampler and get food if you really have to, it's a little expensive.
Check it out!I've been here many times; usually I have a decent experience and enjoy the food & drink, but on my most recent visit, the service is what really ruined my dinner. I enjoyed my burger and my cocktail, but a server spilled someone else's cup of au jus (from a roast beef sandwich) all over me. He initially had no idea what he did, so I spoke up and asked for napkins/help cleaning up. He never even apologized. I asked to speak to the manager and I told her what had happened. She told me that my meal would be comped...however upon receiving the bill there was just a discount.Typically have great things to say about this place. From the sushi to the pizza oven to the nice brewed brews. Overall solid place, typically a beautiful environment with beautiful souls. Well, that narrative changed in an instance. I learned a big lesson about this staple of a spot in Manayunk. DO NOT USE A STALL IN THE RESTAURANT AFTER MIDNIGHT TO GO TO THE BATHROOM. GO NUMBER TWO ELSEWHERE (still not sure where that elsewhere place would be- don't hesitate to answer in the comment section below) After having used the relief station for the sake of using the restroom I was approached by a bouncer in the bathroom and told "we have a no drugs policy". That's great to hear and I fully support the healthy life choice of saying no to drugs. I passed my 6th Grade D.A.R.E class, which had a large impact on my life and continue to live by those teachings of Officer Winters. I learned a few tidbits of information. On average (depending on the drug), using drugs can take away AT LEAST 5-6 years off your life. It's studies like that make you realize the magnitude of doing drugs. They aren't anything to mess with. 5 years...that's a long time. That's over 1.5 MILLION SECONDS. A LONG TIME. If I had a dollar for every one of those seconds I'd be a millionaire. Anyways, I digress. So I'm fully on board, fully support the no drug policy. That's phenomenal. And was asked to leave then and there while I was washing my hands due to using the stall for its purpose (number 2). Yes, I understand that midnight may be a weird time to use the stall for its actual purpose when everyone is letting their stream flow but goodness gracious that I have to go number 2 and have to be punished for doing so because it means "I'm doing drugs". Apparently number 2 is the equivalent of doing drugs. Maybe my form of sitting on the toilet is not proper and I have been doing it wrong for the majority of my life. Or maybe, just maybe, this is not a place to feel comfortable to use the stall as a reasonable means of going to the bathroom. The possibilities are endless for what people can/ will do in a stall- fair. After all, humans often push the potential and always figure out new ways to utilize tools ( a stall is very much a useful tool). It's how we have evolved and became the beautiful creatures, the homo Sapiens, that we are today. Thank goodness for the homo habilis primate species (meaning "handy man") that evolved over 2 million years ago for being the first species to use tools as a means of improving their life. If you have time to do research on that, I thoroughly suggest to do so! But my point is, humans will always push the envelope. I wish I was pushing the envelope and thinking of the new way to properly use a stall in a restroom (up to this restaurant's standards) but I was simply, unfortunately, using it for its original purpose (the bathroom). It's all hearsay at this point, my word vs. the bouncer. Yup, I get that. But instead of marginalizing the second way people can use a bathroom (meaning the way other than urinating), have some common sense. The bouncers and staff always keep the place safe (so thank you for continuously making the environment a safe place to wind down after a long week- I mean that). HOWEVER, let's take it down a notch and use common sense before our testosterone/ aggression takes over and you try to over power a restroom needy person because they ate food 6 hours before and have a digestive system different than most people. So all in all, DON'T USE THE STALL FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN LETTING THE STREAM FLOW BECAUSE APPARENTLY IF YOU DON'T JUST USE THE BATHROOM TO PEE, IT MEANS YOU ARE DOING DRUGS. IF YOU DO DRUGS YOU LOSE 5 YEARS OF YOUR LIFE. PUT THE DOTS TOGETHER. DRUGS ARE BAD BUT USING THE STALL AT THIS RESTAURANT IS EVEN WORSE.My favorite patio in Manayunk. Awesome beer selection! Always a fun crowd. Food is great for a brew house. Indoor and outdoor seating which is nice.Great location, good service, bad bad food. Worst fried calamari i've ever had...The beer is typical of brewery brews. A nice variety including fruity brews.  Thee service for food was a bit slow. They got our orders mixed up as well too. Waitress was personable at least.  The crab dip was mostly cream/ cheese.  Almost no crab. Salads were quite tasty though they were small - closer to appetizer size.Typical Manayunk experience. Terrible service,  suspect bar tending, early 20 somethings hangout. The outdoor area is great but every time it seems the waiting staff just seems to ruin the experience. It's a brew pub -- the beer should be good...often, not the case.
Collar poppers, yuppies, bros, underclassmen, and daddy's credit card holders...this is your place!We were excited to go here for dinner with another couple because my husband and I met had originally met here. The atmosphere is nice. The menu looked great but the food was disappointing. Two of us ordered pizzas that were both overcooked and lacked flavor. The service was also so so. The waitress was friendly but not attentive. Silverware was dirty.Pros: Beer is pretty tasty.  Huge place with a great deck on the Schuykill River in the summertime.  Nice atmosphere with exposed brick from the Mill the place used to be.  Can be a good place to eat in Manayunk for a big crowd.  Usually some fun bands or DJs upstairs on the weekend.  So, it can be one of the only places to dance in Manayunk on the weekend.  (Aside from Kildares...)  Cons: Typical Manayunk crowd.  Despite it's size gets pretty packed on the weekends and can have trouble getting a beer.  Food is only OK to good.  Gets about 3 1/2 stars!Went here last night for the first time. They had some fantastic beers! (I personally got the Monk from the Yunk and a Porter). The burger was fantastic and the ambiance was great.
When we went last night it was $10 burger night. So we got to piece together any burger you wanted for a very decent price. The burger was great and they served sweet potato fries with it. 
The ambiance is pretty cool. Since it floods every other day, it's cool to see that almost everything in the restaurant can be cleared out quickly. The walls are just brick and concrete and art of famous musicians line the walls. Overall, this is a great place to go just to grab a bite to eat or bring guests if you're looking to impress.
Again, this was the first time I've gone but it definitely won't be the last!This place is way nicer than i remember it from my college days.  i guess it turns more bar/drinking scene after 11 pm on the weekends? we were there a bit earlier for dinner. their menu is more extensive than i expected, and portion sizes were large.  warning: it gets reallllly loud when the band starts playing. 
i thought the pizzas looked a little weird/ not normal but no complaints on taste from the people who got pizzas. i got sushi (yes, they have sushi. its odd.) and it was good, decent sushi. very fresh.   apps were good (calamari was the best i have had anywhere, zucchini fries were a little too thick cut for my preference). The granny apple sandwich was also enjoyed by members of our party.  
Our server was AWESOME!! her name was Lindsay. she was accommodating and very pleasant. even though we may have been a pain in the butt. hopefully she thought we were entertaining.First time here for brunch and we had a great time. Food was great for the cost and the jazz band was great as well! Everyone was polite. We will be returning.My Family recently came here for the Sunday Brunch & at $21 a person, it's hard to beat. 
The food was AMAZING & they had something for everyone to enjoy. Everything from an omelet bar, to fresh fruit, to french toast, to a carving station, to lunch options like salmon and veggies, to dessert. I didn't try a single thing I didn't like. It was all delicious, which isn't always easy for a buffet. My three favorites were the French Toast, the green beans and the mini chocolate chip cheesecakes. 
Coffee, tea and soft drinks are included in the brunch price, alcoholic drinks are extra. 
As if the food wasn't amazing enough, Manayunk Brewery also has an awesome atmosphere. During the brunch there was a live Jazz trio.
I highly recommend the brunch!Awesome place.  I usually always sit at the bar when I go here.  From 5-7 PM it's half off their pizzas, and I always get the Good Fellas pizza (frickin' delicious!!).  Their beer selection is nice, about 8 beers I think.  I always go for the California Dreamin', high in alcohol & even better for taste!  I'm a sports guy so it's nice to see they always have ESPN or ESPN News on at the bar.  Overall this place is amazing... good service, good food, good beer.  My girlfriend also said the Candied Walnut salad is awesome.  She gets it every time just like I do with the pizza.
They also have a bar outside and a patio that seats probably 75 people or so.... nice in the Spring or Fall but too dang hot in the Summer!Checked this out with a large party for brunch the other weekend.  Never been here on Fri/Sat night but heard it gets pretty rowdy. 
They do cheap adult brunch beverages, mimosas and bloody marys, but are really strict about serving them no earlier than 11- it was like 1050 when we ordered.  Weird.  The only brunch option is a buffet.  They have live jazz music while you eat.    For twenty some dollars all you can eat and coffee.  Not usually a buffet person, don't get my money's worth.  But, this place can be the exception.  From eggs benedict , omelet bars, and carving stations there's something for everyone.  Personally, I probably ate $20 in smoked salmon.  Normal.    Everyone enjoyed their food.
Service was good.  I enjoyed the signs for 'high water level' around the restaurant.  Why not 5 stars?  Kinda pricey.Awesome spot! Multiple bars and plenty of space! They had a wide selection of beers and I loved that they had a sushi bar! Will definitely be returnI went to eat dinner here and it was good. 
Normal quality for a bit above average price. Very upscale in presentation of food, atmosphere and staff. It was a very nice environment and the wait service was very kind and helpful!
It was a large place with a decent amount of people, yet very quiet and relaxing. The menu had great variety, and the appetizer I had was excellent. The steak was pretty good, but the salmon was average. 
Would return at the request of friends but not likely on my own.Such a great meal today, the meatloaf sammie is killer, esp with the spicy ketchup.  Love the changes and the updated look, and of course I had to finish up with that amazing amazing hot gooey cookie sundae.   Some great new beer selections on tap right now too, I was tempted to try a sampler but am making it a point to come back for it next time!The other day I ate at the Manayunk Brewery and my service was outstanding. The food was great, I had the Nachos for an appetizer and sushi for dinner. I don't normally drink beer but I had a Monk from the Yunk and fell in love. I suggest yal get in the car and get over there! Like Now!brunch service is terrible. all the waiters have to do is get drinks and that takes them 15 minutes. they all hang out in the back chatting while I am wondering where my water is. unfortunately tip is included in your bill or else I would have written $0The first thing I noticed upon entering was the strange smell.  It was mild but it was there and affected my experience.  The hostess offered me my choice of seating locations and I opted for the bar.  The bar tender Immediately greeted me but whatever he actually said was lost on me because he was a bit of a mush mouth.  
I was in a Dos Equis sort of mood and I asked the bar tender for his advice on which house brew would be along those lines.  He gave me taste size shots  of his suggestions.  I made my selection and then it was on to the food decision.
I was feeling wispy washy about what I was in the mood for.  I was vacillating between a burger and something healthier.  One again the bar tender offered me advice in the form of a free sampling of the soup of the day, a navy bean soup.  It was quite tasty but my need for red meat won out and I ordered the brewski burger.
My beer was cold and tasty and my burger was perfectly cooked as requested, medium rare.  It came with fries and they were okay.  I did have to request salt and pepper to improve the fries to my taste.
One place where I felt wrong was that a basic burger was $14.  Maybe I'm out of line because I don't know about food costs and there was a generous portion of meat in my sandwich but things are beginning to get out of hand when a simple lunch consisting of a burger and a beer ran me over $20 with the tip.Beers aren't bad and the location is nice. However, this place wins the award for worst fries in the Philadelphia area. Fries were processed and soggy. I didn't take a picture but they were limp with a greasy pale skin growing increasingly flaccid as they cooled.My experience at Manayunk Brewery has always been a pleasant one. Recently though, I was out on the town with friends in which we visited the location. I somehow left my phone on our dinning table. Using a friends phone on the find my iPhone app it located my phone here. I contacted a manager and he told me to drive down and see him personally. when I went he looked for my phone extensively. he suggested I wait to see if the phone moved during closing time because it could of possibly been found later that night. Well behold during closing time my phone moved out of the restaurant/bar and it never returned. I told the manager and he apologized but persistent or not m phone was snatched by an employee and never handed I. Thanks Manayunk crew you guy are some real classy individuals. a $600 phone stolen !! unbelievable!!!! A warning to all to keep your phones in your car when visiting this place...  
This place is very good if your looking for great sushi though but other than that :/Atmosphere is awesome. I've been here three times, once for work, once on a date and once with my parents. 
The food has been delicious all three times I've come. The beer selection has something for even non-beer drinkers (I.E. Something fruity and crisp). 
The dining room gets rather loud on the weekends, but the energy is fantastic. I will probably come back.On my way to Philadelphia I took a side route to alleviate the chocker block of the Schuykill expressway. I found my way through a town called Manayunk looking for a bite to eat and a beer. Unfortunately it was a very disappointing experience.
I was delighted to come across the local micro brewery in a very small unique town. The entrance which was a bit of a challenge since the front door doesn't operate and eventually found my way to to the side entrance. It had a good look though. Clean, welcoming and spacious. Possibly a hidden gem for lunch. Upon entering I was greeted by an empty restaurant and a very lovely hostess that offered me a table or the bar. I chose the bar.
The reviews told me the sushi was good but it wasn't available at lunch. I ordered an IPA because it is usually a safe bet. It wasn't bad. It wasn't great. Looking at the menu made me a bit queasy. Very much basic American bar food. Burgers, sandwiches, wings and a lot of fried options. No imagination and I began to worry about my choice to stop in this place.
The very nice bartender told me the brewery and restaurant had been in operation since 1996. This gave me hope. My food the California grilled chicken sandwich arrived after 45 minutes. The bartender was busy talking to another employee at the end of the bar and failed to check on my order. At this point I was regretting my decision to stop here. When I got this attention I ordered one of their cask beers and he went to fetch my food. 
My food was served and I tried the IPA cask beer choice. I usually prefer cask beer to beer that has additional nitrogen or carbon dioxide pressure. The beer was bad, very undrinkable and I told him. For a brewery that has been in operation since 1996 I expected more. I expected greatness. Not swill. I asked for a glass of water and tried my sandwich which was basic, small and cold in the middle. Nothing special here. He asked me about the food and I told him it was still cold he offered to heat it up and I decided to leave. I paid the bill and left after using the toilet. To my surprise there was a vendor in the mens that played music and sold perfume or paper towels for tips. This was to my surprise and shocking to have to pay for toilet use. Hopefully the brewery will work with a better brewer because there is a lot of potential here. The Manayunk Brewery was a chance stop and very disappointing. I wished I had kept moving. I would suggest others to keep moving. There must be better options than this in Philadelphia.So my friends and I came here on Sat night for Restaurant Week. When we arrived we were seated and given menus, no talk of restaurant week at all. We quickly decided this was okay since the regular menu was large and we didn't have to do 3 courses. We quickly discovered that they had run out of a lot of items and our server could not handle her tables. The brewery was not full at all and our wait times were ridiculous. My friend got so annoyed waiting for catsup that she went to the bar to get it myself. 
With that being said my burger was great, although cooked well when I asked for medium, and the beer was phenomenal. I had the Schuykill Punch, Brotherly Love Cider, and Crunch Porter. 
I would return for beer alone or a beer fest event.Came here on a Saturday night, $5 cover. I found this place interesting. There were multiple sections, with a sushi bar and pizza oven embedded inside of this bar-like environment. There was a cover band playing top 40s music from the 90s (second one that night). It was pretty crowded with young folks. There's a coat check.Top 3 Spots to enjoy the weekend in the whole northwest region of the city/suburbs. The Brewpub separates itself above all the bars by having various Unique beers brewed in house as well as numerous Imported and Domestics. With 5+ Bars, Inside/Outside Dining/Dancing, and Live Music/Dj's every weekend night you really cannot go wrong by going there. Just be sure to get there early to enjoy happy hour specials and avoid the line at the door.
P.S. - Sushi is also amazing!!!Paris Rose and staff at the Manayunk Brewing Company helped make Oct. 8 2016 the best day of our lives.
We rented the space from 630 to 11 p.m. and had our ceremony and reception upstairs in the River Club. We were able to decorate to our liking but the place is beautiful alone. The walls, doors, floors, red chairs and mirrors and pictures are all amazing and make decoration less of a hassle.
Paris answered any and every question we had quickly and helped reduce stress as I was a bit of a "Groomzilla" Lol.
The menu turned out great and everyone loved the food and hors d'oeuvres.  The drinks were strong and the bar tenders did an amazing job and worked quickly. No one had to wait long for another drink.
There was plenty of space for our DJ and photobooth and there are so many great areas to take pictures inside of the River Club.
We can't thank Paris and the staff enough and we are already planning to have our 30th birthday party in the same location.Whether it's enjoying one of the brewery's exclusive draft beers, eating yummy dishes or enjoying the scenery on their deck, Manayunk Brewery should definitely be a first stop when visiting Main Street!!!Loved their beer!  The patio seating has a beautiful view of the river.  4 stars because they were out of veggie burgers when we went... bummer.  The sushi and chicken sandwich were both decent, but go here for the beer for sure.We recently had our wedding at the Manayunk Brewery, and we couldn't be happier!
Paris was easy to work with, responsive, and accommodating throughout the planning process.  She went the extra mile to make sure everything was perfect for our wedding day.  The deck was a great place for our ceremony, and provided easy access to the cocktail hour and reception space.  The staff was diligent and friendly, the food was great, and the decor was stunning.  Extremely happy with how everything turned out!Schuylkill Punch... How I miss you.  The beer, not the drinking water, silly.  This is the place that truly started my love for wheat beers, the raspberry flavor was just perfect, without making it not taste like beer.  And I was always amused that the beer you were handed looked just like the murky water running out by the back deck.
I went to a catered event upstairs here once, the bartender was very good and their buffet was just as good as if you had ordered off the menu, which is an accomplishment.  The atmosphere upstairs was great for a group event, I highly recommend it.I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this spot yet. One of my fave places for afternoon drinks in Philly. They have an outdoor area right along the toe path by the river. Usually a nice breeze keeps it very comfortable in the summer. They have some great local beers to try and offer beer flights for a good price. Service is always fantastic and the food is great. One of our favorite perks is the Old Bay popcorn they have at the bar.I came to MB and I ordered food that totaled $45.07 and my guest arrived and ordered the same amount. We went to car and came back and all our food and drinks were gone despite me telling the barmaid we were stepping outside. I'm disgruntle because I was on a date. When we returned our date was not the same! 
The manager addressed the matter and took 1/2 of my guest food off but I felt like that wasn't complimentary. Her explanation was he ate half the food. True but where is the customer service and courtesy for their error! 
I'm not coming back for a while despite this being one of my favorite places to eat and I live 5 minutes away. If I don't get a call back I'm never returning and that would be a shame because I adore MB, staff and ambiance!I've been to the Brewery many times and each visit is worse than the one before. The very first time I was there was just for drinks. We sat at the bar and had some quesadillas which were decent. Pretty pleased overall. One of the next times I was there was for dinner. I had their veggie flat bread pizza which was sub par at best. Not very flavorful and the flat bread was really soggy...eww. The last time I was there was a Thursday night and it was absolutely empty however there was a dj blasting dance music right next to the bar. The only person dancing was a 40ish year old woman and although she was really enjoying the music no one else was...at all. Needless to say, we left shortly after arriving. Having to yell in an empty just doesn't make sense. 
So far, the Brewery has been hit or miss for me. Definitely love their Manayunk Lager but not enough to go there often.All I can say is this place HELLA sucks! 
Check my reviews, I'm rolling 60 deep and this is my first 1 star review. That in itself has to mean something. 
So here it goes, I will explain in detail our terrible experience. We walk in around 7PM and get seated on the patio right away. From this point our experience went downhill. No joke, we waited 20 minutes for a waitress to come over and even greet us. Now after 10 minutes I was ready to just walk out but my sister who lives in the neighborhood convinced us to stick it out. I should have went with my gut and just walked out, but out of respect for her 'hood i stuck around. 
Finally, the waitress comes over and rudely takes our drink order without even introducing herself. No joke, you would have thought that taking the drink order was the biggest hassle she ever faced. 
She comes back with the drinks and then proceeds to take our dinner order with the same rude attitude. When the food comes it is mediocre at best. I ordered the brisket sandwich which was bland as hell. Our other party members ordered a pizza (no sauce and dry) and two sushi rolls and no joke this was the WORST sushi I have ever tasted. It wasn't fresh at all and the rolls were falling apart. 
We hoped to order a few more beers but the waitress never came back to see if we wanted any more. Finally she comes when we finished eating and just throws the check down and walks away. We respond with a tip representing the service and the waitress has the nerve to chase us down and call us out on a sub par tip. I responded with a "yeah, the tip reflects the service." 
Again, check all my other reviews. As a Yelp Elite I take pride in reviewing restaurants and bars with integrity and this is the first time I EVER felt the need to give a 1 star review. 
Please take my advice and not give this establishment your business.Their menu selection can't be beat they have anything you could possibly want to eat and a wide variety of drinks to choose from. I love being able to get sushi as well as an American appetizer together and I enjoy sampling their seasonal beers. They have many different areas to sit and eat as well as a few different bars both inside and outside. It gets very crowded around 10-11pm when it becomes more of a bar atmosphere. Overall, it's a good choice when your not in the mood for anything in particular and the prices are average.Love the Brewery!  It's our go to when we have out of town guests.   Have great food.  The stone over pizzas are delicious.  Brewski Burger is awesome, along with the Skillet Baked Chocolate chip cookie!  Love all the beers they brew, especially the  SCHUYLKILL PUNCH Raspberry Ale
The location is great on the river.  They have a lot of outdoor patio seating too.  The weekend nightlife there is fun too with a live band.  Cover is $5 after 10pm.  There's a couple bars indoors and also outdoors.  There's another bar upstairs with some seating.  The second floor banquet room turns into a DJ/dance floor.This place is fun. We went a lot over the summer which is its best months because the back deck is huge and contains 2 additional bars. Usually a cover charge on the weekends but I'm fine with that, though I do believe they jacked up the beer prices recently. 
I recommend the "Brew Pub" only during the summer. The winter is kind of flaccid with old people trying to eat dinner inside while you just wanna flush beers.I have been going to the brew pub on and off for the past 5 or 6 years. I have never had as much fun there as I did last Saturday night. The band, Element K, was AWESOME. The drink service was fast and the bartenders were attentive. The crowd was enjoyable and clothed appropriately for January (you laugh but I swear some girls don't wear clothes no matter the time of year) I really think the addition of Mad River next door has improved the experience at the brew pub because all the 21 year old college kids go to Mad River.  (I am 27 and have completely lost my patience for that crowd).
Before Sat, I probably would have given Brew Pub a 1 star rating because while the food is pretty good, the service is typically terrible and unorganized and their brewed beers tear you up like crazy. Maybe a little competition next door is doing them good because the band was killer, the crowd was better and the bartenders were polite and attentive! 3 STARS!Went for lunch, expecting to just eat some light finger food while catching up with a friend. The restaurant was not busy, but the service seemed inconsistent and otherwise too slow... (slow for our food to come out, yet we felt rushed to have our table cleared and finish up while we were still eating). Several items were unavailable from the menu, which was a letdown. Food itself: nice, large portions, fresh and tasty. Ordered two kids chicken finger orders, which were surprisingly flavorful (unlike the bland stuff that restaurants usually serve to kids). Would definitely return, would have gotten 5 stars if the service lived up to the food.Trie it for the first time. Really great atmosphere. Love the food and beer selection.So being a Chicago native who once lived in west Philly a few seasons ago, I relished my trip back to Philly to visit an old friend for his birthday. He lives in Manayunk within two blocks walking distance from Main St. and that's where the night began on a Thursday night after I arrived from my flight.
I was impressed by the sheer space of MB&R and was promptly greeted by all the staff, bouncers, and waiters (my friend is a regular here and happens to be friends with the owner's family, shout out to Paris & Dylan). The rest of the night was kind of a blur as the midnight hour ushered in my buddy's birthday as shots of patron and double orders of jack-n-coke were being tossed back like baseballs in a marathon extra-inning no hitter.
Highlights 
- Nice atmosphere inside of the dining area and the multiple bar layout of the entire space. We kept bouncing from one area of the Brewery to another which made it convenient to order a round of shots as we did a merry-go-round around the compound.
-Friendly bartenders and waiting staff. Name dropping like the Game, I gotta say it was good to be amongst friends as the night wore on and my friend eventually collapsed over after almost 20+ shots and mixed drinks barely being able to stand up on his own support. Luckily he had a few of his friends, myself included, to help him stagger back to our ride.
-Food. Even though I only sampled a small portion of the menu the sushi caught me off guard being that this was a brew-pub/restaurant but surprisingly it was well prepared and the fish was pretty fresh as well.
Closing thoughts. Patron is always a good idea before international borders begin to cross into Tennessee Whiskey country, but what's a party without a little Jack to spice up the evening's entertainment? Big outdoor deck for summertime fun with a nice scenic view of the waterway below. Music as expected wasn't the main attraction, but the scenery was an interesting mixed crowd with everyone seeming to enjoy themselves.We love this place, but....what is with the elevator music??? We always wish to go because we love the beer and the setting, but the music is such a downer. At a spot like the Brew Pub, I wish to not hear Eric Clapton's "If I Saw You In Heaven." Boo-hoooo! ;( Please change up the music...and tell the bar tenders to smile more! :)I go here every year for our company christmas party and they always have great food, desserts and service.I did the brewery tour which was nice but very brief. Drop by on Saturdays between 12-2 if you'd like one. It came with a free pint of beer. I ordered the beer flight first to try the 9 types they have on draft before selecting one. The beer was good. They have a nice variety. The service was so-so and the food was poor. I got the hot crab dip which was unappetizing and unappealing. The bartender saw how unsatisfied I was and took it back. I ordered wings instead. They were cooked perfectly but I didn't care for the glaze that came on them.Awful experience & mediocre food to say the least. Late food arrivals...one after another. Food was not properly prepared for 3 dishes due to forgetting ingredients. Table had two servers and still couldn't properly attend to us. Things such as silverware were not provided until 10 mins into the meal, no check ups on food, and the list goes on. Unimpressed...seems like everytime I come hereFun place to go with friends or have a group meeting. Beer is great. A bit pricey but worth it. Food is also goodWe eat here all the time.  In fact I just booked my wedding reception here I love the food so much.  All of the cocktails and beers are amazing.  I love to take out of towners here to give them a good taste of the yunk.Cool place, but the beer just wasnt great. I guess I am spoiled to live in Cincinnati where the craft beer is on point. The flights are smaller than what I was used to. The chicken bites were great though.Just ate here with my family. Beer is good. Service is poor, food is weak. I had a veggie burger that tasted like nothing. Daughter had chicken tenders, also tasted like nothing. A brew pub with lousy food is not a good combination. Oh, and it took over a half hour for the kitchen to deliver this lousy food.  Beer is good though.  Maybe you stop in for beer and then keep walking, any other place would be better.  At least they validate...Great sandwiches and surprisingly delicious brick oven pizza.  But what I like most is the fact that they have Saint Lucifer Spice as one of their table condiments.  I've seen this stuff at a few other Philly restaurants and crave it.  Also, this place is huge, so I never feel cramped.  It's extremely clean too, which makes me enjoy the food that much more.I rate this restaurant four stars just because of the atmosphere. The deck is great for a summer/spring day to sit watch the river and get a decent meal. I would bump the brewery up to the next level if they would increase the menu selection very limited.1 star for an amazing atmosphere, and 1 for a nice server Tina. That is where it stops. Came in on. a Sunday, man people really like their brunch. It was a mad house. It kinda left the rest of us who were not interested in brunch kinda left out in the cold.
For starters ordered a Bloody Mary, I thought it was watered down but then noticed everything had gathered at the bottom of the long glass, I asked for a pint glass to make it more bearable to drink, but no it was still watery. Should have stuck to beer as the pumpkin beer ordered was tasty. 
The burgers that were ordered were so greasy and not cooked how they were ordered. The fries were greasy, the chips, a small portion were good. The quesadilla was ok, they put seasoning on the outside like it is a pizza, was not to the liking of the person that ordered it. The mix we were told was pre-made so it was not possible to omit anything. They were out of the Cuban sandwich as well as avocado... 
Again seems like a cool atmosphere, and maybe it was just an off day, but with so many other places in the area, not sure we will be back anytime soon.Popped in for happy hour to get a bit boozy and mission accomplished. 9.6% Belgian brew? Check. Happy hour wings and quesadillas? Check. And good bar service- check. There is a bit of a lackluster aftertaste to some of their beers. And do I wish their wings came in more than one type of sauce? You betGood buffet brunch with a big selection, but maybe slightly overpriced.  I get that it has been flooded a bunch of times as it sits right on the river, but I think it always smells really dank in there.  Sit out on the deck if possible (enclosed in the cold months).Stopped in for a few drinks and the place was jammed. We were able to get a drink quickly from the bartenders even though the place was packed. The live music was right up our alley being Jimmy Buffett style music and for us, sitting by the river with some good local beers in hand was perfect. 
For those dining, the bar crowd can spill over into their dining experience so I can only hope that when we come back for dinner we get a table far enough away from the bar crowd but still on the music area so we don't have any boogly eyed drunk dudes staring at us or burping and standing next to us while were having dinner like a few folks we noticed had to endure. 
Try the The watermelon ale before it's gone as I can't imagine it's an all year long brew!The food is fine.  This is strictly about the service.  I'm currently sitting at the restaurant at this very moment and I've been sitting here for an hour and half of our table has not even received their appetizers.  Our waitress keeps walking back and forth looking confused and has not even addressed us. Service here is terrible smhStopped here after autograph signing next door. If your going here to drink, the beers are cold and plentiful, but if your going to eat!!!!! Save your money. The food is below average.I had Sunday brunch here with 5 others. We were seated quickly in the cramped dining room. Most of the food was hot but some was just warm at best. Overall a nice selection and the live band was a great touch. A bit pricey but I would return.Great place to come and hang out with a big group of friends. Love the beer flights that they offer. Regarding food, the crab dip was tasty but the bread was like styrofoam. The sushi was average and extremely over priced for something that was not that special. Cool place to chill with a beer, but not impressed with the food or service.This was my second visit for brunch and I can't get enough! The food is wonderful, the service is great and the drinks are A-OK with meeeee ;-) I don't see me taking this off my brunch go-to list anytime soon. I especially like sitting outside near the river when the weather is warm. Now I can't wait for the spring to come, this will be my first brunch stop.Def recommend the chicken quesadillas. They're HUGE and cheap. Always have to get the river punch, it's delish. My only complaint was I'm guessing our server was new, she wasn't very good."Brew pub" is a great bar and it also has great food. I went there for dinner one night and ordered their nachos, TO DIE FOR. Big portions, you can add guac, chicken or steak and they were so good. I also went out there and it was so much fun. The place is huge and once it gets nice outside, their outside deck will be beautiful.I have to say, I'm surprised by the high reviews for this place.  During a week-long vacation that included many brewery tours, my friend and I ended our week here at Manayunk following a Phillies game.  
I don't know if it was the day (Sunday, late afternoon) or not, but the place was relatively empty and it didn't seem like anyone belonged there.  The interior looks pretty classy and we were dressed for a ballgame.  But since it wasn't packed, we decided to take a table in the dining room.  
We each ordered a sampler.  The blonde beer was my favorite, though nothing really stood out.  Except for the Irish red that tasted like cough syrup that our waitress said was her favorite.  
I ordered a Caesar salad that was nothing special.  There was hardly any dressing.  My friend ordered a burger and while hers wasn't bad, the table next to us had much debate with the waitress over how their burgers were good.  
If we had just had our beers at the bar, my experience probably would have been better.  And that's probably what I would recommend to friends if they ask.  Though it could be that Manayunk was a bit more than I expected/needed after a long week of drinking.In town for an event and they took us here for diner. Really good place for food and great local Brewery!  A must visit.We have had many good experiences in the past. (Normally 6 of us meet up).  Last Sunday was not one of them.  We were a party of 10 (including 4 children ages 2-13) at 5:30 PM. Service was slow, we didn't get our meal until 7 PM. 2 peoples meals don't don't come out for another 15 minutes. My Turkey burger was burnt on the outside and barely warm. My french fries were barely warm. It took 15 minutes to get a fresh plate of them.   The whole thing was disappointing. When addressed with management, my family was told they had too many large parties. There was barely anyone there. Guess we will be finding a new meeting place. Very disappointing.Always a good selection of food. I love the live band for brunch. 4 dollar mimosas/bloody mary's. Most of the staff is attentive and friendly. Great grits, turkey sausage and fruit selection. Definitely check them out.Beers are delicious particularly the Von Haze, Yunkin Pumpkin, Belly Flop, Mango Daydreamin, and Monk from the Yunk. The blueberry lemonade cocktail and sangria are also delicious. I haven't had a food item that I didn't like, and the service is always superb. I recommend the cheesesteak eggrolls, turkey burger, pierogies, and pizzas. It's always a treat when you get to sit outside!Great atmosphere.  Service could have been improved (she seemed stretched in terms of tables she was covering).  A great variety of seating options (inside high top, low table, outside near the water, under cover, open air) and multiple bars (inside, outside, sushi). Sushi wasn't bad, nothing spectacular. I ordered fish and chips and it was fairly cold.  Burgers looked tasty.  Crab dip also so-so.  Music was a tad loud and there were multiple TVs to watch (but not listen to) the game.The kitchen couldn't begin to keep up.  Everyone was waiting.  When there is a big event in town, they are just not prepared.  What's with the persons in the bathrooms ripping off a paper towel for you and looking for a cash tip?Really liked the atmosphere inside and enjoyed the menu options. The personal pizza was pretty big and can easily be shared. Beers are a little expensive and I wished they had more options of other beer there but overall very neat place and great food.Okay so,
 I am writing this review strictly based on my experience at the Sunday brunches they have here.
 It's pretty damned awesome. At a fixed price, you get to gorge on a dangerous amount of food that is exceptionally delish. If your computer screen is a little misty whilst you read this, sorry I drooled a bit thinking of the waffle station...
 Oh the waffle station.....there is a woman behind a counter that is jam-packed with butters, cinnamon butter, almond butter, good old fashioned sweet butter and oh yeah; maple syrup and she is just a making these sweet heavenly waffles as fast as we can eat them. I mean, if you need a reason to go, go for the waffles. 
 The omelet station is equally as gnarly. You have a vast selection of all the fixings to make the omelet of your dreams.  
 The rest of the buffet will not disappoint. The selection is immense. They have something for everyone. Different types of sausage, not just one type of meat. There is breakfast food and lunch food. The tarragon chicken is to die for. Bagels, muffins, cheesecakes, brownies.. AND don't forget the waffles...Oh the waffles.....As my husband and I were heading into Philadelphia for the weekend to meet family and friends, he made reservations at The Manayunk Brewery for their Sunday Jazz Brunch. What a Great Choice!! The Brewery even called on Friday to make sure we were still planning on keeping our reservation. 
We arrived for our 10:30 seating, were seated promptly at a corner table and began our delicious brunch with mimosas. Tony, our attentive and good-natured waiter, did a great job making sure we were comfortable and well hydrated as we began checking out the numerous sections of brunch offerings, and the large dining area began filling up.
Those of us who began at the omelet station enjoyed personalized omelets cooked to near-perfection. The little slices of french toast and the waffle station were also enjoyed by members of our party. The fried chicken was a favorite as was the turkey station with delicious stuffing and cranberry. There was smoked salmon and other fish offerings as well as some delicious green beans. 
The only area where we were slightly disappointed was the dessert station. The choices were many, however they were unimpressive. Perhaps that was due to the fact that we were plenty filled up by the time we even considered dessert.
Throughout the meal a talented three-piece jazz band played popular tunes for our enjoyment. We wished they had played longer before taking a break, because they really added to the ambience of our brunch.
As we left my husband purchased a jug (growler) of one of The Brewery's crafted beers. 
We enjoyed The Brewery experience and will most likely return in the future.Really good sushi and they let you tweak the rolls. The wine was good too. Food came out quickly and the service was fine. Really good top shelf Long Islands. I'll definitely be back this summer. Sushi only available after three unfortunately.This place is absolutely HUGE! Set along a river several miles outside of downtown Philadelphia, the unassuming entrance belies the enormity of the complex that lays behind. The main dining room and bar is elegant and upscale without being pretentious. Several televisions provide access to the local game, and sometimes the corner is home to a big screen with projector. A second room is dominated by a very cool mural of some jazz musicians that encompasses the entire wall. Yet another room is filled with round dining tables. It's this room that you must traverse to get to the back patio that commands a very cool view of the river and bridge behind. And if that weren't enough, the building next door houses a balcony with another bar and even more seating. I can't imagine this place ever being full.
The wood-fired pizza is delicious. It is not the best I've ever had a brewery, but it certainly ranks in the top five. The crust is thin and tasty, but could use a pinch more salt.
Every beer on the sampler of eight was quite drinkable. I wouldn't count any of them among my favorites, and I wouldn't return just to get to any of them. However, the blueberry lager was actually very pleasant. I don't usually go for fruited beers, but the taste of blueberry seemed to envelop my entire mouth before giving way to the familiar finish of a fine lager. Also delicious was the IPA, which I was sorry to hear is seasonal. It had a depth and complexity often lacking in IPA's and was in no way dominated by the initial bitterness.Went here on NYE. Food was mediocore, but the dining space was pretty cool looking. Service stinks hence the two star review. We got there at 630 for our reservation and the only thing they said to us was "You have to be out by 9pm because that's when the NYE party starts." As informative as that comment was, I wasn't planning on staying at dinner for 2.5 hours. (We left by 745pm, for the record).
The drinking glasses had a huge crack in them - my friend just drank his beer out of the can. 
The server didn't know about the menu and had to look at the item on the menu when taking our order. He seemed genuinely annoyed to be working.Stopped in for a light dinner on Easter, since most places were closed and we were not familiar with the offerings in Manayunk.  I was pleasantly surprised at the nice atmosphere and HUGE deck.  Cool place.  I tried the Lager, which was really smooth, but could have been colder as someone else noted, but darker than a typical lager (not a good or bad thing).  
I had the Chicken fingers and fries.  It was good.  Fries were I think battered.  Decent, but I've had better.  Not bad by any means.  It was not busy, because it was Easter, and service was good.  Prices were moderate.  My friend got a bowl of soup that was $7 and was brought with her meal.  I thought that was rather high for soup.What can I say, a solid entry into the hustle and bustle of bars and restaurants on Main Street Manayunk. Tastefully decorated, cozy, comfortable atmosphere with above average, creatively mouthwatering menu items to choose from. Service here at our summertime riverside hideaway is always as good as the food! Spot on. Unique mojito's, a great seasonal selection of house brewed craft beers along with exciting house classic selections of mixed drinks, keep us coming back for more. Thank you for a memorable Saturday night dinner. See you again soon!I'm a big fan of brew pub food but for some reason the Manayunk Brewery was a solid meh for me. 
The atmosphere, the staff, the food, --and yes, even the beer --all suffer from the same 'so what' factor. Add in the trek we had to make to get here and it's just not worth it.Nice place horrible concept, can't order any main dishes before 4 pm instead you're stuck ordering from a very expensive bar food menu as if you're in a sports bar. If I wanted to order sports bar food I would've went to a sports bar. If you come before 4pm expect to only order burgers pizza or bar snacks at a 70% markup than your average bar. Best thing about this place is the drinks
Oh I guess they have sushi so that's okHaven't been here for years and went a few months ago for an Eagles' game, the food was great!! The beer was great and service was great.  My only problem is that we were sitting in the enclosed outside space, and it was either burning hot or freezing cold, no happy medium.This place has an amazing view of the river from the back deck.. ... I ordered a salad.. and it was great.. .. and OMG I ordered this soup.. it was a crab chowder... and it was DELICIOUS! .. my waitress was very nice... very accommodating .. The space is HUGE.. apparently if the entire place was full it would seat about 500 people.. you could never tell this from the street.. they have multiple bars.. and they also have a little sushi bar... its neat.. lots of TV's and speakers to hear games..  it has potential to be awesome.. .I'd like to go and try other foods.. and if that soup is any indication of the other foods they serve then I'm sure I'll be pleased.Let me tell you about this place.  I've been to Manayunk Brewery™ multiple times to drink, but never to eat.  That is, until earlier this evening.  I met a good friend out to eat and he chooses this place. Now this friend doesn't even drink. So why would he pick this place? Because I like to drink, and that's what friends do. Now I obviously got a beer, you know, to show my dominance as the superior man.  I'm a 5'7" mayonnaise colored northeast philly kid with IBS; I gotta take that extra step so people will take me seriously.  The two beers I ordered were delicious and worth the price; the food, a little more complicated. We ordered nachos to split and I got a turkey burger with blue cheese crumbs.  The nachos were standard; nothing to wild about them; they did their job of satiating us.  The turkey burger however, was a tad disappointing.  I wanted to like it; I just couldn't. Think of it like M. Night Shyamalan's movie The Last Airbender.  You walk into the theater, all excited, blue arrow on your forehead and everything.  You're sitting in your seat, watching the movie, when all of a sudden, they pronounce Aang's name wrong.  "Did they just pronounce his name wrong?" you ask yourself.  So you keep listening and listening, second guessing yourself every time they pronounce his name, when before you know it the movie's over and you're just stunned that such a horrendous movie could have been made about one of the greatest cartoons to come out of the mid-2000's.  Kind of like the same thing with eating this burger; every bite is a mispronunciation and boom now the only thing you hate more than that movie is the 16th Amendment.  I give this place 3 stars.My 1st time here. I went for the Sunday Jazz Brunch and was impressed! The food options were great. The atmosphere was nice and full of families and mature young and older adults. It's a nice couple outing, family outing, after early service outing, or like me a brunch date with my friend to catch up. Being a Jazz brunch expect for the live band to be loud. I was happy with the cost per person as well. I would definitely go back for brunch. I didn't give 5 stars because I would like to see what they have to offer for lunch or dinner. Breakfast is not too hard to mess up. I was happy to see fish and grits! That's one of my favorite meals.I have been here for a few lunches and a dinner and its pretty nice. The outdoor deck is good for groups, there is always a good mix of people here, and the food is decent. 
The issues I have are the waitstaff tend to be very cold, the beer isn't all that great, and it tends to feel like a frat house on most nights. 
Their salads are good. This place is good if you want to go on a drinking binge and you don't care how you get drunk.OK, so i gave this place 5 stars, for a combination of things, it's house brews, it has sushi, it's location, and it's atmosphere.
I think this is the coolest place to go to in Manayunk and for that it gets 5 stars, beer and sushi, i mean, what else do you want?I was very unimpressed with this place. A group of friends and I went here for a late dinner on Saturday. It was crowded, but we were able to get a table in the back. It's a gigantic space. I believe the upstairs is more a club type feel - 'the River Room." 
The beers we ordered were okay - the Schuylkill Punch would probably be more refreshing in the summer sitting on the deck. 
The food was what really suffered. I don't know if I'm used to something different, but I was completely shocked at the size of the burger - for $10.50 I'd expect something a little bigger. Not to mention that it was literally burned on the outside. Chicken quesadilla was okay and I appreciated the big bowl of guac. The chicken littles were actually cold and we had to send them back. Wings were WAY too sweet and tiny. Overall the menu seemed outrageously overpriced. 
This place feels confused - they have sushi bar? A ton of bouncers? And there was one of the WORST live cover bands performing. I could barely hear anything over the din of Nickelback. 
There might be a time and place for this - again, enjoying a beer on the deck in nice weather might have triggered a different reaction. But I don't know if I'll make it back to find out.The beer here is fantastic. I highly recommend the Schuylkill Punch. The food is pretty pricey but their aged burger and sushi and pizza are divine. Sitting out by the river is the most serene in summertime. Definitely a hot spot.I came here on a Monday evening for my friend's birthday. I was pretty impressed with the amount of space - both indoor and outdoor eating areas can hold a good number of people.
I ordered the pizza (sized for one person), which was the same price as most of the appetizers, surprisingly. The food selection looked pretty decent. The roasted chicken pizza I ordered was good, but not great; definitely could have used a bit more crunch in the crust.
While Manayunk Brewery is indeed a brewery, I'm on a mission to abstain from alcohol for at least three days, so I didn't get to try any of their beers. However, they do offer a neat beer sampler - a small amount of each of their brews that they present to you with each beer placed on top of its respective spot on the menu. Neat. My friend said some of them were pretty good and some of them were not so good.
It was surprisingly busy for a Monday afternoon, but that may have been attributed to the good weather we're finally having here in Philly. I'll likely go back to try some beer and grub out.Brew Pub is a great place to go for dinner, they have amazing food and a great selection of craft brews. Just be careful of the Friday and Saturday night crowds, they can get a bit crazy. But overall, I love this place. Chill atmosphere and pretty good service, it's definitely my favorite place for dinner in Manayunk.This was my 3rd time here, but first time for dinner.  We went as a large group.  We met at the bar and the bartender was very attentive and kept our drinks full.  After everyone arrived we moved to a table and it was really tight.  We barely had room to move.  There were additional tables open and it would have been nice to add a table.  The waitress wasn't very attentive and instead of her asking if we needed anything we had to continuously ask her for things.  Drink refills, water, take away empty appetizer plates/empty glasses, etc.  My food was really good.  I had the chicken taco pizza and another person had a different pizza and he really liked it.  The other food was just ok.  Small portions with a fairly high price.  A couple people had steak and neither of them cared for it due to lack of seasoning.  I think someone had the crab cakes and she did enjoy her meal.  We tried several different beers and all of them were really good.  I would consider going back but in a much smaller group.  Maybe that would make a difference in regards to service.  Overall, it is their selection of beer that made my night.  The decor and ambiance of the place is cool tooThis place gets no stars. This past weekend Saturday January the 24th they were the worst. The management there is not just horrible but does not care about its customers. My sister was out with us and she has epilepsy. She can not be around flashing lights because it will cause a seizure. And what did those idiots do when I asked them nicely if they could turn the strobe lights off for my sister. I mean I thought with the American Disability act they would be smart enough to realize that they have to turn off the lights. Instead they discriminated against someone with a medical problem. They will not hear the end from me. The DJ was rude to us and did not even try and see what he could do for us. I hope he knows he the worst DJ anyway. The workers there just kept saying "they cant do anything about it." Well we all know that just a bunch of bull. So just so everyone knows. If you have a disability or health problem, Brew pub will not care. 0 stars!Ok the drink was bomb af, loved it perfect slushie to liquor ratio and the whipped cream on time was delightful! The staff is super friendly and attentive, they're very honest about wait times as well and do their best to make your comfortable, their interactions with each other were super pleasant as well which made the experience even more enjoyable (love seeing people happy at work). The place was packed so maybe quality control was off, i ordered the plain cheese pizza. Although the cheese and sauce were well executed, the pizza itself was rather doughy, there was alot of flour on it too which gave it a funky taste. I'd recommend them thinning out the dough before baking it just because when theres like ruffles in the dough where some is cooked through and other parts are untouched its really unappetizing, the server was too nice i didn't wanna send it back so i picked at it. None the less the view is beautiful and the staff was excellent, i'd go back for drinks!To best experience Manayunk Brewery & Restaurant, I would highly suggest coming here on a warm summers eve.  The inside is cool also, but the outdoor deck seating, with a live band out back is amazing.  Sippin on some Schuylkill Punch (Raspberry-flavored beer) that is made by the brewery is fabulous with a warm night, good music and good friends.  Didn't eat any food, but will be going back again sometime to try that.  Our server was great, and the beers and mixed drinks were fantastic.  There is two levels to this bar, both inside and outside, which is a plus since it does get crowded rather quickly.  I'd suggest if you are meeting friends, arrange to meet before 8:30pm to avoid lines at the door, and I believe a cover charge also.4 star brews, 2 star food. For beer, they offer an a solid group of longstanding favorites and switch up the other half of the beer menu with seasonal surprises that never disappoint. you can try a relatively inexpensive flight that will allow you to try every beer they have on tap so you can bring home a full growler of your favorite!  Ok and now on to the food: (the food used to be 4 star, but then the food went WAY down hill) It peaked around 2009 - 2010. The calimari in particular went from being great to mediocre to bad. They used to serve way fetter quality calimari with 4 great sauces (marinara, tang duck suace and honey mustard) sauces and now serve TARTER sauce with the calimari that has a fishy tatste. The other food has experienced a similar decline over the past 3 years. My last visit was my last time to ever order food there again. Stick with their beers, they are still good as ever!For a place that brews its own beer, the beer here is not delicious. It's pretty obvious they cut back on the more expensive ingredients in order to churn out a larger volume at a lower price. Four out of five beers here were watery and flavorless.
The deck on the Schuylkill is pretty ok, but it feels like a beach bar. I guess that's normal for Manyunk.Ok food, very overpriced. Terrible service. Went in with a group, they ignored us all night and then slapped on gratuity. They brought me a can of beer but didn't have the decency to think to being a cup with it. They never brought my friend her drink. Overall, between 2 people in our group, we got 2 beers and a very small plate of okay food and spent $35. Never going back and making sure all my friends know not to either. I would give 0 stars if it was an option.This rating is based off only during day brunch. I have not been here for dinner or lunch. 
The place looks like an old factory from the outside and it's so beautiful with such a relaxing vibe inside. The jazz band was amazing and I could sit there and listen to them for hours. 4$ mimosas which were really good because the orange juice was freshly squeezed and the champaign was decent. Bathrooms were clean and service was great. 
Now Food!.... it is buffet style... pasta salad was delicious, eggs Benedict were OK I've def had better ... bacon was cooked perfectly, fried swordfish was so so good. The grits were BANGING... the lox was not fresh and too fishy. The baked salmon was flaky and fresh and sweet but perfectly seasoned. I did not have any pastries or omellete but it all looked so good. I've been to buffets before but this was elegant food for a buffet with a lot of loved put into it. We sat inside because we wanted to hear the band but we did go outside to check it out and it's a really nice seating area on a lake I believe or maybe the bay not sure I am not familiar with the area. I would recommend trying this place outThis is the one redeeming bar in Manayunk.  Those who dislike it most likely do not know or have not experienced the size of the entire bar or outside area.  Their food for lunch or dinner is very delicious and reasonably priced.  The nightlife scene is always booming and during the summer sitting on the back deck right next to the river with a group of friends having drinks can really add that missing element to a night out.  There are many bars and waitresses that are around running table service and food late into the night.  The crowd is 21 year old into 30's and usually doesn't get to the point of blackout rowdiness and if it does it is handled quickly and accordingly.  I recommend this place for a fun night out or a breezy summer lunch.  Check it out!Came here for brunch this past Sunday and was definately pleased! Service was spectacular and food was delicious. Also, mimosas and bloody marys are half price during brunch. :-)
Lox n bagel...AMAZING! It was one of my favs there that day. They had salad, fruit salad, pasta salad (wasn't too fond of this one), eggs benedict (mmmm), scrambled eggs, turkey and pork sausage, bacon, home fries, french toast, waffles, omlette station (which I did not have a chance to eat bc I was overstuffed), swedish meatballs, salmon, fried chicken, bbq chicken, etc etc etc. There were plenty more, but I'm sure you rather just go there and find out for yourself. Oh, don't forget to use the apple cinnamon butter they have right next to the french toast area. OMG!!!! MMMMMM. 
I will be back! See you soonThe weekend staff is terrible. I left my phone at this bar and the next morning find my iPhone said it was at the bar. When I went back to get it they said that it wasn't there and to call the night staff in case someone had put it somewhere. When I checked find my iPhone again at 4:30 when the night staff came in, someone had driven into center city with it. Someone had gotten off of the first shift and stolen my phone and told me they didn't have it. Also, the beer is not great.I had high hopes for this restaurant, but it was just okay. This was my first time visiting Manayunk and I'd heard so many good things about this place, but I must say that I was a little disappointed. I started off with the red pepper hummus plate which actually was the best thing that I had the whole night (sad, I know). The hummus came topped with olives and served with strips of toasted naan and fresh veggies and it was pretty good. The salty olives really set off the flavors of the hummus. For my entree, I ordered the Captain's Chicken which left much to be desired. It was chicken breast topped with lump crab meat, shrimp and a wine sauce. How could that be bad right??? The shrimp (which I believe I got two or three) and the lump crab meat were the best thing about the entree. The chicken breast itself...tasted as if had been prepared the day before, refrigerated and reheated because it was hard...and lukewarm (a running theme with the food here). I mean...cooking a chicken breast is pretty much cooking 101...I thought. Anyway, the chicken was served with veggies and mashed potatoes, but since I'm trying to limit my carb intake, I'd asked if it would be possible to have extra veggies in lieu of the mashed potatoes and I was TOLD yes. But...if what I received was extra, I'd hate to see the regular portion. I actually think that what they did was just left the mashed potatoes off of my plate and added no extra veggies. My friend ordered edamame for her appetizer and the Cuban sandwich for her entree. She didn't really comment on the sandwich at all (which if you knew her would speak for itself) but it looked pretty dried out (and not hot) to me. The chips with which it was served were pretty good and crispy though not hot. They tasted like your run of the mill kettle chips that you'd pick up at Shop Rite. So...basically she paid $13 for an arguably dried out hoagie and grocery store kettle chips. My friend had the same assessment as I of the restaurant..."just okay." She seemed to like her beer though, and the waitress was nice enough to give her samples to help her decide. Nothing was egregiously bad or totally inedible (especially since we were starving, lol), but...I wasn't impressed. I personally don't understand the 4 star rating, nor do I foresee myself CHOOSING to eat at this place again, especially since I live much closer to Center City which is filled with yummy places to eat.I'm going for five stars here because I've been coming here for different reasons for 10 years now.  And, it's always been good.  Back in my early 20s, I came here on weekend nights for partying, music, meeting people - it served that purpose well then.  Late 20s/early 30s - I've been coming here when I know it's going to be less crowded for a delicious lunch or dinner (always good specials) and great drinks.  The deck is a huge plus and a rare find anywhere in the city (even in the NW parts).  Special events, like the upcoming Easter Brunch, are always exactly what they promise.  I like the beers - okay, not the end-all-be-all but quite good.  Only pitfalls I see are:  tough to park, especially at busier times and the young crowd which I successfully avoid at all costs on the weekends.  I bet I'll still be coming here 10 years from now.Found our experience here pretty lackluster. 
It was my first time here, and although pretty familiar with Manayunk I never thought to come here. We were a party of seven and were seated right away. The menu selection is decent, but nothing really stuck out to me so I opted for a salad. I ordered the steak salad which was $16. From the presentation to the taste it was all around bad. Maybe worth half of that sixteen dollars. It also came with a chipotle sauce that was so spicy my nose was actually running. Weird feeling while eating a salad. 
We ordered nachos as an app with condiments on the side, and it came out with everything on it... bacon cheeseburgers without bacon as well. Our server even pulled the "you never said bacon". 
The brewery itself is very nice, but I just don't see myself coming here again.Great for Sushi - Not anything premier but they even accommodate my Shellfish Allergy and are reasonably priced!  Dinner service is always excellent, but drinks are expensive and can be tough to come by in the busy summer nights.This was my second visit for brunch and I can't get enough! The food is wonderful, the service is great and the drinks are A-OK with meeeee ;-) I don't see me taking this off my brunch go-to list anytime soon. I especially like sitting on outside near the river when the weather is warm. The service has been great every visit & the brunch omelette chefs are super sweet. I really like the atmosphere here and that banana chocolate martini was like whoa! Can't wait to return!The Sushi and Dreamin IPA were amazing at BrewPub. Their Philadelphia Porter is my new favorite beer and my girlfriend loves their White Sangria and Margharita Pizza.Absolutely horrendous. Ordered hummus platter and the vegetables were wilted and look like they had been sitting out for days. They seriously looked like they were pulled out of the trash. Sushi roll was way overpriced at $14 and looked like something prepacked at a gas station.I can't believe I haven't written a review for Brew Pub yet. When I lived in Manayunk in college this was my place. I love their sushi. I love their other food selections. I love their service. I've come here for Valentine's Dinner with friends when I was single. I had my first date and kiss here with my boyfriend of 4 years (ha!). I used to be obsessed with their outside deck in the summer when I was in college, it was so fun. It's a Manayunk staple in my mind, definitely worth a visit!Very enjoyable bar along the river front with a fun coastal feel. The beer was trendy though with an overwhelming majority being fruity or hop styles. Enjoyed their daring with a chocolate peanut butter porter.This spot is a definite visit when I am in the Manayunk area!! I was pleasantly surprised at the huge menu, and even more delighted to find that their sushi is phenomenal!! Great atmosphere, and good service. I'm not even a beer drinker and I tried one of their signature brews, the Schuylkill Punch - a raspberry lager, and it was very good.
Like I said, this is a must go to when I visit Philadelphia.Get the brewski burger. Don't think about it, just do it. Pleasant staff. Tad pricey, most likely due to the location. Take notice to the flood line signs on the walls. Pretty cool. Downfall: unpleasant odor & bathroom smells like it was mopped with piss.Always a fun time at the Manayunk Brew Pub...Everyone that works there is great and super friendly. Food is good. Beer is good. Sunday brunch is the best..Fun place to go with friends anyday of the week!Excellent lunch food and surprisingly amazing sushi bar here. I was not a fan of our waitress disappearing for large amounts of time. 
I tried the beer but I did not enjoy it. 
Brunch menu looks greatWe just moved to manayunk, and we're so happy to have this place nearby! We had a great date here. Love how much outdoor space and types of spaces they have. Cute feel being on the river with the bridge going behind it.
We did the beer flight and got to try 8 beers for $8 which was quite awesome. Loved most of the beers we got to try. I would recommed their dragonfly brew (IPA/Hefenweizen mm). It even included the higher percent beers which are probably $8 or more on it's own.
Food was pretty good, but not something to rave about. We got a cali chicken sandwich which was a pretty typical sandwich and a mushroom white pizza which was pretty tasty (Really fresh tasting crust).
Our server, Christian, was wonderful and will request him when we go back. He had a ton of tables but still took the time to talk to us and check in with us frequently.
We'll definitely be back and try some of the other food (maybe even sushi menu) to see if the food can be better, but this is definitely a place I'll come drink. We decided we were gonna come back for flights each season here to try all their brews.The wait staff was very slow and inattentive. We never got silverware so I had to swipe it from a near table. Tables were left dirty for a very long time. The Bloody Mary isn't that good. I kept spitting out peppercorns the whole time. Might be back for happy hour but I know to just get beer.I'm pretty sure we had to pay to get in, what the hell?  If I'm not getting a brewery tour, then the bar should be free!  Service was just awful.  The lady disappeared with my credit card so even when I wanted to leave already I couldn't.  I know this is an issue with big places but she was gone a good twenty minutes and I only think she came back because I started asking other people working about her.  
I expected more from their beer.I went here last night as part of my "Wecome back to Philadelphia" tour. I'm just discovering that Manayunk? It's in Philly. Mind, consider your self blown. For some reason Philadelphians tend to separate the two, but it's only a 12-15 minute drive.
Anyway, I came here with one thing on my mind. SUSHI. I was starving, and so relieved to find out that they serve sushi until midnight on Saturdays. That deserves a slow clap on its own. But then, the three men working the sushi bar were attentive and friendly. And they moved quickly and I didn't wait long for my plates at all. I had a shrimp, avocado, cucumber roll and a shrimp tempura roll with this amazing eel sauce. Both were so delicious. My only minor gripe is they weren't looking when I put money in their tip jar (don't you hate that??). But clearly that is a personal issue. Still my tummy thought the tip was more than deserved.
My server was working the regular bar and the sushi bar, but he still made time to check on me very often. And while I ate there was Comcast Sports Center on three or four TVs at the main bar.
After sushi, I went upstairs to the main dance floor. There was a wedding reception slowly clearing out so they blocked off one half of the room. No matter, bodies started piling in and testing the AC after about an hour. The DJ was amazing and spun everything from old-school hip-hop to techno. Seriously half a dozen people came up to him like, OMG give me your card. He even threw in a few bars of Justin Bieber for the dozens of grown women who kept requesting him, which, I mean seriously ladies, stop that.
All in all, the crowd was more than tolerable. There was an even ratio of dude-bros to fist-pumpers to "urban", all of which were outnumbered by the rest of us who can not so easily be picked out of a crowd. The music outside was good too, but there was less space to dance. I like this place and its versatility. And when you stumble out of there at 2:30 in the morning, there are still places open to eat right up the street. Manayunk, you've made a new friend.I've been here twice already. Once in a group of four and the second time as a group of two. The interior is nicely decorated, spacious and the dim lighting gives it a very chic urban feel. 
Both times I've had very attentive servers. They have candlelight on each table so be careful with your paper menu! Someone in the next table had to put out the flames on their menu. Kinda scary. 
The nachos are delicious!!! Both times I've ordered the chefs chicken. Soooo good! I definitely recommend this place, it was my idea to go twice! I'm taking off one star because the food is pricey and I saw a tiny cobweb on their brick wall.Had lunch here last week.  Wasn't too impressed with the menu choices for lunch, but what a great place to sit, chat and enjoy the great summer weather. I am such a sucker for waterfront restaurants.  Anyway, I had the classic, stone-oven fired pizza (I know.... what a boring choice, right?)  He had the roasted red pepper hummus plate. Both were as good as can be expected when you order the blandest thing on a menu. 
Anyway, the best part for me was the atmosphere. I will have to return and try some other stuff on the menu and adjust my rating accordingly.I really love the Brew Pub.  My boyfriend and I went on a Sunday evening and had the pleasure of sitting on the deck.  We were entertained by jazz musicians.  The nachos are our favorite so we started with those.  The waitress recommended a Dirty Blonde (schukyll punch and blonde bohemian).  SO GOOD!  Also tried their sushi for the first time.  Very tasty!  Overall great place--just a little pricey.
Highly recommend for dinner or going out on a Friday or Saturday nightService outside sucks! We were ignored. With that said, my friends and I decided to give the inside a shot. We sat at the bar. Our bartender Diana was wonderful. She gave us great service and was very personable to boot. We ordered apps. Two out of three of them were yummy. The nachos with chicken were dry and had no flavor, the wings and cheesesteak dumplings were delish. Diana saved the day. If not for her we would not come back and give Manayunk Brewery another chance. 1 1\2 stars for this place.I've been to MBC a bunch of times and the food/drinks/service has always been awesome.  Tonight I had a long night at work and grabbed food to go.  I ordered the short ribs with mushroom risotto.  Wow. I never typically expect "to go" food to be great, but this dish was amazing, even after I microwaved (for shame).  I could have eaten the risotto as a main course alone, and the ribs were delicious.  I was definitely impressed with the brewery tonight and will be back ASAP.I must admit I was skeptical to go here from dinner after seeing what it was like after 10PM on weekends.  We decided to go at around 8:00PM on a Friday night and we successfully beat the 21 or almost crowd.  As expected, the beer selection was good.  Although a little pricey, many of the beers available are higher ABV so you get some bang for your buck.  As for the food, they have typical pub food -- burgers, sandwiches, salads -- but a few unique selections as well.   We ordered a butternut squash ravioli as an appetizer and it was delicious (Note: this was a special in the late fall so it may not be on the regular menu).  The same goes for the sushi.  The service was satisfactory and it was not overcrowded, even at that time on Friday.  I'd definitely recommend.  If you like, be sure to get a frequent diner card!This place is pretty cool.  It is spacious inside with a warm ambiance.  Starting later in the evening they have live music.
Well, it was kind of counter productive for me not to order a home brewed beer at this place, but I couldn't decide what I wanted to go with my fish dinner.  So I opted for a Blue Moon in a bottle.  They have about 8 home brews on tap and a small selection of bottles and macro-brewed beer.  My date had one of the home brews and said that it wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything spectacular.  We both agreed that that is better than having something bad, and for me, I can't really tell what a 'good' beer is; I just know what I dislike.
For dinner I had the Talapia Fillet (a white, flaky fish) over garlic mashed potatoes, with a side of steamed vegetables and a white cream sauce.  It was great!  I haven't had a meal at a restaurant in a while where I said to myself, "This is a meal I'd actually want to pay for."  For $16.95, there was plenty on the plate.  In fact, I was unable to finish it.  That is a rarity.
My date had the grilled chicken sandwich.  It was tastey, however, the fries are beer battered.  If that isn't your thing, ask for another side dish.
We were so full that we didn't get to order a dessert.  Their menu was amazing.  I was already for the peanut butter mousse.
Overall, their prices for entrees ($12-$25) are priced well for the portions and quality of food that they serve.  They have long tables for big parties and they have a separate area with a sushi bar.  (I looked over the sushi menu and the prices were typical for an order [6 pieces] of a Philadelphia Roll (~ $7).
There is a bar/lounge on the second floor.  If you use the men's bathroom up there, there is an attendant that will hand you a paper towel to dry your hands.  In addition, there are a slew of cologne's, deodorants, and other grooming products, if you're into that sort of thing.  Have a one dollar bill ready because this guy won't readily break a twenty.Food and beer were good but the service was terrible! Waited more than 10 minutes after being seated to even be acknowledged and that was because we flagged someone down. Waited another 10 to get our beer. Never got water at table or utensils and had to ask for napkins. A couple at the next table had the same problem. He tried getting someone's attention and finally gave up after 10 minutes and left to sit at the bar. It wasn't overly busy so there's really no excuse. With all the other choices in Manayunk, I probably wouldn't return.It is very difficult to come back from a devastation such as a flood. However, a business should wait until they are ready. My experience did not suggest they are at this brewery. After waiting while the front desk shuffled menus, we asked to be seated inside because it was muggy. I asked the hostess twice if the air conditioning was on, but it was only after we were greeted by the waiter that we discovered there was no air. The service was fine, actually attentive. I had to request a glass for my drink instead of a plastic cup, because they were unable to wash a large quantity of glasses. The food was horrible. And over priced. The zucchini fries were cold , the $14.00 Cobb salad had 4 thin strips of chicken on them. My partner had a pathetic chicken sandwich, more bread than anything else. The room alternately smelled like paint and musty.
Any grand reopening should wait until they have the equipment necessary to feed the patrons and make them feel comfortable. That might take awhile.Don't try to show up wearing any kind of sports clothing. They refused to let us enter because a friend was wearing Adidas shorts and its agains their dress code. Never returning.