I love this place SO MUCH, I drive several miles out of my way when going to New Jersey just to get a veggie combo Manakeesh. The z'atar is so fresh and makes the Manakeesh extra yummy. I also have gotten a few different smoothies from here as well, made fresh and absolutely delicious! You won't be disappointed.Neat find in University city.  The most beautiful pastries I have ever seen!I have been coming here for a couple of years now. It is my absolute favorite cafe in all of the city. It is inexpensive. You can come here just for the freshest dessert and a sharing pot of traditional mint tea (GOOD crepes, waffles and fruit, mamoul, baklava, smoothies) or for a complete meal (rice, meat, pita, salad, the most delicious hummus ever, and more)
There also make espresso drinks. One of the rare places that do a lot and still do it well.
The ambiance is relaxing and cozy. It is well decorated, tasteful, but casual. No matter when I go, it is always bustling with mixed clientele from all backgrounds.  It dies down for a moment during prayer time at the mosque down the road. There is also outdoor seating for when Winter finally gives up on harassing us. It's a great place to hang out for hours and no one will judge you if you break out a deck of cards (n case anyone was wondering). There is also free wifi.
It is a very successful business, and I hope it stays around for good!Overall the food is excellent. It is astonishingly close to what one would find in the Middle East. The baklawa (or baklava) is incredible.The falafel sandwich was tasty but was not stuffed properly and was too bready. The fries were cold, underdone, soggy, and worst of all, contained bits of chicken in them (I'm vegan). My friend ordered a Shish taouq platter and the staff required a reminder to make her side of freshly baked pita, which was probably the best part of our meal.  There was a polite employee who looked new who told us to take our time as we glossed over the menu. His coworker/Manager looked at him and snidely said "don't tell them that, we close in one hour" while we were still standing there. That some pretty ironic customer service training, lol. This place has excellent reviews, and perhaps on a good day this place can be excellent, but my experience tonight was subpar from all ends.I was craving a Chicken Tawook wrap from Saad's they were closed. Decided to go to this establishment and saw something similar on the menu. It was definitely not what I expected. I did not like it at all & it was nothing like Saad's.I've been here twice for take out. Both times they messed up my order. The first time I let it slide. The second time I asked for a refund. They refused. So, I did a chargeback. Caveat emptor: if you order food here, and they mess it up, they do not want to accept responsibility.Manakeesh is just a beautiful space to sit, have a great conversation, drink their excellent Turkish coffee, and indulge in their really great home-made sweets.  The food and drink are four stars, but it's the bright, airy space and the really lush decor that make this place five stars for me.  I miss living in the neighborhood!Worth the price, as always. Their vegetarian options are just as good as their meat options, and although it gets busy, splitting a platter with a friend can be a fun dinner experience. I ordered pick up for the falafel platter for a friend and he enjoyed every bite. They hand make their bread right in front of you so you know that when you eat it, dipped in hummus or whatever you get, it will be light and delicious.
The bakery on the side has its own name, but their smoothies are fresh too, and they have super authentic baklava, mamool, and other treats. Also great crepes.I absolutely love this place.  The food is light and filling.  I was hesitant because I had never ordered anything like this before but, I found myself craving it.Good food, shitty service. Women on the breakfast side know nothing of customer service.Love this place! Great flatbreads and baked goods for a cheap priceI wanted to experience a bunch of different restaurants while I am in Philly but I keep coming back here. Everyone who works here is super nice which is very important to me, but the food is just amazing! I have tried the Lamh Bajeen and the Kafta. Both were perfectly spiced and huge! They come with dill pickles inside unless you specifically ask not too. The Kafta came with dill pickles,  but the woman at the register asked if I wanted to try Lebanese pickles on the Bajeen. They just call them pink pickles and they taste like a mix between radish and turnip and, of course, pickled. It's sooo good. The wraps are huge and extremely filling. I ate one around 9 am and didn't need to eat until around 6 pm.  Did I mention they were huge?
I also had the Baklava and the Shortbread cookie with pistachios. The Baklava was rich and flaky and not overly soaked with syrup so it wasn't sickening-ly  sweet. The cookie was great too. Do yourself a favor and try the Turkish Coffee. I got it sweet and snuck in some cream which I am sure would appall someone but the spices were exotic but not overpowering. Thoroughly a great experience!Stopped into this hidden gem the other night for their 1st anniversary party and was amazed! Not only was the service excellent, the food was awesome! Best baklava I have ever eaten in my life!My friend talked up Manakeesh for a long time and I finally got to try it today. I got the falafel platter with salad and hummus. Falafel was out of this world - crisp, flavorful, and filling. Staff was also very polite. Would recommendwhen it comes to my experience, with Manakeesh, I would say it was Very good, only because of the best middle eastern food I have come across
When I walked in, it looked like a typical middle eastern bakery (btw they also have a juice bar, didn't order anything but I like the idea of it), crammed with a lot of tables, all of which were occupied.
We gave the order, and as this was a self service, so had to stand and wait. 
The food was pretty great, especially their pita bread which was freshly baked.
Now, to be true I am 3 months late in writing this review and so I don't really remember what I had ordered but I only remember the experience, which was great. Well isn't this the least we expect when we try a new place ?What a wonderful, wonderful addition to the neighborhood! I could not be more thrilled with this place. Where to start? Manakeesh is a beautiful space - the decor is wonderful, complete with tapestries made from kids' artwork generated at Al-Bustan camps. The staff was incredibly friendly - my partner and I were approached by the owner and two separate staff members who wanted to know about our experience. The lattes are amazing - I am quite the latte drinker, and this was the tastiest I've had in my life aside from La Colombe. The pastries are beautiful and delicious - all are baked on site, and their baklava rivals the trays my partners' mom special orders from Detroit. And finally the Manakeesh -  YUM! My partner had the lahm bajeen and was completely impressed - he is used to delicious arabic food, as his mom and aunt are wonderful cooks, so this is saying something! I (sinfully) had the nutella banana combo, which I loved as well. All in all, this place made our Saturday morning perfect, and will spice up many more mornings and evenings to come!I like Manakeesh- I've eaten there a couple of times as it is open later than some other restaurants in the area. Today I checked out the market area. I purchased some pita and some candies. 
While everything there looked delicious (definitely want to try the smoothies) the selection of items seemed very random and slightly sold out. I would come back again but not necessarily just to do my shopping. Plus side, they do have HUGE containers of Nutella.Awesome spot, great food and very affordable. The people there were very nice as well. We got the falafel and some great beef dish.Tea, Manakeesh and baklawa are good; However, any thing els is not. Shawrma, falafel, konafa... ect. Non of these tastes as goog as it should. The fisrt time i ate there i thought "god, i'm gonna miss home if all resturants are this way"Very nice place, food is great and wonderful atmosphere. Will be returning soon to try the bakery, smoothies and some more of the dishes.Truly authentic levantine Arabic food. Absolutely the best zaatar bread I have ever eaten. And it's not my first rodeo - I've made it at home and sampled the best of Brooklyn Paterson and New Brunswick. The pastries  are justly rated the best of Philadelphia.3...2...1... Lift off! Another ZOMG experience!
I can't believe it took us this long to give Manakeesh a try. We had past by it so many times, and I had wondered about it. Having "bakery" in their title is a little deceiving. I was under the impression that it was a place for deserts and maybe breads, but not so much for a meal. Boy was I wrong.
I started with this orange and cream, creamsicle like, tasting drink. It was pretty tasty. Although, it was way better when it was full then it was once it was drained and the ice started melting in it. For some reason, it didn't maintain the perfect flavor from start to finish. And, I did not take long to suck it down.
Next, I had the Shawarma Manakeesh with salad added. I was really glad I added the salad. I did not realize it, but Manakeesh is a large pita like bread folded like a taco and stuffed with the filling of your choice. In this case, it was filled with Shawarma. Had I not added salad, it would have been a meat with some onions and tomatoes and not much else sandwich. Adding the salad was key. All this said, it was awesome. Everything was fresh and full of flavor. I practically devoured this monster sized taco in ten minutes.
My wife got Veggie Manakeesh and added hummus. She really enjoyed it too.
We also shared a side of Baba Ghannouj. It was made to perfection. It was so tasty. $3.75 for the portion we got was a little more than it should be, but it's hard to complain considering the quality and how inexpensive the Manakeesh  sandwiches were.
Then, there was the deserts. We got a little crazy. We decided to share three deserts. We got the Black Forrest Cake, Tiramisu, and an eclair with strawberries in the middle looking desert. Now, these are not what you would expect, as they have a middle eastern flair/interpretation to them. The Tiramisu was okay, a little disappointing only because I like the traditional style so much and this did not live up to it. It wasn't bad though. The eclair thing was pretty good, but also not great. The Black Forrest, however, was the real winner. The cake was moist and tasty. The cream in it was nearly perfect. The fruit, which was not your typical raspberry, was great. I think it was mango and something else, but I am not certain. But whatever, it was awesome. And the chocolate sprinkled on it was delish.
All in all, this is an excellent spot and I will be back many times.830pm and they're willing to charge me for a cup of coffee; lady says coffee was made before her shift (apparently begins at 4pm). Said she would not make a fresh pot of coffee, even though it's almost 5 hours stale. Overhyped place !Good food. Pita and flat bread is worth dealing with the poor service. One item was ready 15 minutes sooner than the other and the employees just kept saying 3 more minutes.When I finally entered the physical building of Manakeesh (having walked by it several dozen times and ordering manakeeshes for lunch delivery), I was pleasantly impressed with the cozy cafe. You do go up to a counter to place your order, but the dishes are brought out to you. The walls leading up to its vaulted ceiling are adorned with tapestries. If you'd like, you can even seat yourself on a couch and kick back until dinner is served.
It seems silly to mention but their condiments and utensils were very neatly organized by the front door. I love a place that supplies lots of sauces to dress the dish to your taste!
This time I ordered the delicious  grilled veggie manakeesh. It was just filling enough for a small person's dinner. I mean to come back and try all manners of their manakeesh!I decided to give Manakeesh a try after receiving a coupon. I'm so glad I did!!!! My husband and I CRAVE their food every day. It's delicious. They are simple, yet to-die-for. We always take out-of-towners there for an amazing lunch.Best place to get middle eastern food. This is my place to eat breakfast and lunch when I'm in Philly. Really good food! Recommend.Manakeesh is a great place to go for an inexpensive but filling meal! All of the manakeesh (flatbreads) are the size of a small pizza, and the bread itself is very well made and delicious. My first time here was for breakfast, so I ordered a sausage and egg manakeesh (without cheese, which it normally comes with). Turns out not having cheese makes the other toppings fall off pretty easily, and overall I found my manakeesh too dry. Luckily, I stole some bites of my friends' non-breakfast manakeesh, which I liked enough to return several times after that day. My favorites that I've tried are the kafta (ground beef and lamb) and the tawook (marinated chicken with garlic sauce). I also love the nutella wrap, which has some hazelnut crunchiness and is absolutely delicious.
I recommend going with a few friends so you can share a few manakeesh and try different toppings!Food was ok  the service was horrible   but I gave it a 3 because of there traditional decor and clothing #chicA great range of food reasonably priced in a welcoming atmosphere.
This is a great place to go with friends and order several dishes to share.  We had the falafel, the kofta and others.   All were good. Delightfully fresh and abundant.  
It's cafeteria style but they do bring the orders to your table and the staff is friendly and seem proud and happy to be there. 
The desserts are also great and don't forget the tea with fresh mint.I have been there couple times and all the time there was a same cashier who has beard. He is very RUDE person!!!!!A great place for middle eastern food. A real nice atmosphere to sit and eat, and it's even better now that they've added the ice cream parlor. I've eaten there a few times and had the zaatar manakeesh, the veggie, and the nutella wrap. All were delicious and very filling. Also had the baklava and that was one of the best I've had in the city.It's nothing special, but it's quality food if you're looking for a quick bite to eat and are in the area. We enjoyed the flatbreads and lentil soup.Great food, tried there version of Philly cheese steak sandwich.. It was greatThis was a delightful find. I appreciated the enjoyable casual atmosphere with many different food/drink items to choose. You can go in for a quick bite for breakfast/lunch/dinner or enjoy their wonderful dessert and coffee/ tea selection at any time. I also got the impression that this a popular hangout for small groups of friends to get together or for students to get work done. 
 My friend and I split the zaatar manakeesh and the chicken shawarma platter.
The zaatar manakeesh was rich in flavor and fresh. I loved the oregano and sumac seasoning! As for the chicken shawarma. The hummus was to die for, so fresh. The chicken was juicy in the inside and a bit charred on the outside, which gave it a nice contrast and flavor. The Lebanese salad was also fresh. The cucumbers had the perfect crunch and I liked the high concentrate of lemon and garlic flavoring.
I wish I tried dessert, but due to the large portion sizes we were stuffed. I'd like to emphasize this place has reasonable prices and is generous in their portions. The baklava looked amazing. Maybe someday I'll be in the area again to try it :).
Please check out this place, your tastebuds will thank you.The Kafta manakeesh and hummus is an all time favorite, trying the beef schawarma tonight! the atmosphere is great for meeting friends or to catch up on some reading. The owner is great and they definitely aim to please. Since I Started this review I have tried other dishes and all have been dee-lish. If you are in the mood for this type of cuisine, Manakeesh will not disappoint. They also have a nice selection of Mediterranean pasties/sweets.Disclaimer: I've only had one item here, but it was incredible. Get the tea. I had their house black tea and they put mint leaves in it!! Mint. Leaves. It was so good, I wish I had gotten a whole pot of tea. I also had the baklava and (it was pistachio or walnut) it was so yummy. I wish I had gotten a few more. Not the best place if you want to get work done, but I was catching up with a friend. Good vibes.The Zaatar Labneh Manakeesh is AMAZING, but does not deliver well AT ALL. This, I should have known.
They also forgot my order of Fattoush :( 
I'm still waiting for the restaurant or GrubHub to refund me my money. The awful delivery experience is the reason for the 3 stars. Besides that, the food was great and I'll eat-in next time for sure.This is one of our very favorite restaurants. The kids love the egg and cheese manakeesh and the labneh zaatar is my favorite. Very family friendly place with friendly staff and customers. Though as often as we eat there, we also take out!I unfortunately did not try their dessert but have heard only good things about it. However, I did get to try their manakeesh (Lebanese flatbread), their kafta manakeesh was great and I am usually not a fan of red meat. They have a large variety and brought out our food quickly. 
The manakeesh flatbreads are fairly big, you can easily split one amongst 2-3 people.
A very casual Middle Eastern spot with good food.Amazing.  Some of the best Middle Eastern food I've had.
Always delicious, always a nice atmosphere, best baklava.
Not always the best service--they mixed up my takeout order once, and another time forgot the hummus I'd ordered.  But, it's really cheap, so I didn't care too much.
Worth the trek out to West Philly.I love hanging out in their garden, sipping some tea and snacking on their delicious cookies and treats.Manakeesh is one of my favorite places in Philly to hang out at all day. The selection of food and drinks makes it a one stop shop to either hang around and drink coffee/tea or eat a full meal. Or stay for hours and do both! I spent a few months in Lebanon and this is a quality Lebanese establishment (their fruit smoothies are even named after neighborhoods in Beirut!). 
Food: The Baklava is cheap and especially tasty. It is not overly syrupy like many I've had are. Some prefer the syrup covering but personally I feel like it overpowers the pastry. I also had a spinach flatbread which was a tasty pizza like combination of cheese and spinach. 
Drink: I have gotten their coffee which is quite tasty. I prefer though, to get a full teapot of their Arabic style tea and laze around. If you have not had Arabic style tea, with the flavors of cardamon and the lemon in it, head to Manakeesh right now. 
Atmosphere: This is where Manakeesh beats out its similar competitors- it is an enjoyable place to sit around for hours. The falafel at Saads may be better, but it has the feeling of a fast food joint, and Kaffa Crossing is a nice laid back coffee house, but it leave a small bit to be desired. And I will take coffee at Manakeesh over the dungeon-like conditions of Green Line Cafe every day. 
Breakfast, lunch, dinner, go to Manakeesh!I highly recommend this place! For coffee, lunch, dinner, dessert, great every time. The baklava is mouthwatering.I live midway between Philadelphia and Allentown;our two big cities in eastern PA with some decent  middle eastern population, so I decided to go break my fast at Manakeesh due to the high reviews here
Being a middle eastern myself and being in many middle eastern restaurants  , I give this place the following
Atmosphere: Awesome; very classy lighting and ceiling reminds you of the big capitols like Cairo or Beirut
Food: Ok....clean, fresh, and in decent quantities but not the wow-taste, I gave a big A to their Juice and milke shake bar.......it was excellent
Service: a little clumsy and need some order....served main course before appetizers and other things
Prices: Very good for the served quantities
It's an average place.....traveled 45 miles to try but I still prefer the  ACI halal of Allentown and the Kebab Cafe of Wayne, PAI would definitely recommend the lemonade, which is fresh and tart. I ordered the vegetable manakeesh. The flat bread was chewy, although next time I might take up the offer for cheese on top (it was a bit plain) or maybe I'll try the kafta manakeesh instead.
The falafel wrap was huge, quite a bit larger than that served at hummus grill in University City (and wrapped in housemade pita/flatbread). Good ambience and prices, but not blown away by the food!Manakeesh is a great place to eat most of the time, but it can be a long wait, and they can sometimes be stingy with the meat they put on the manakeesh that you order. The prices seem to have gone up recently, but it's still pretty affordable. Pictured here is the lamb manakeesh.I've heard so many good things about this place that I decided to stop in... big mistake! I'm not sure how this place has such a high ranking with the rude ass employees and the mediocre food.
I gave the place two stars only because two of the four things I ordered were half-way decent.
Even before I had the chance to actually taste the food - the guy who took my order was unnecessarily rude. I almost walked right out of there but I had just texted my friend that I was stopping by their house afterward with food from Manakeesh. If I hadn't been so specific in my message - I could have just stopped by Chipotle and called it a day.
Rude people, lack luster food, dingy dining = major FAILdelicious authentic lebanese food in the heart of west philly! 
My husband and I used to go here a lot when he lived in the area. 
Good prices, really nice dining area. Great to eat-in!
they also have a large array of delicious desserts. 
I would highly recommend!I visited this bakery for the first time, and I was so pleased to find great baklava and friendly staff members!Have been a regular since 2011 and love it! Their Baklava is phenomenal, the freshest I have ever eaten. It is paired well with a Moroccan Mint Tea. Try the Turkish Coffee too if you enjoy a stronger caffeine hit. Love the way it's served. 
They are known for their flat breads, I am a huge fan of the Tawook. They also serve crepes and smoothies. Great place for Brunch or dinner, but I really like going there during the late afternoon to catch up with friends over teaBEST DESSERTS IN UNIVERSITY CITY. amazing baklavas, i especially love the pistachio ones! it's impossible to decide from all the baklavas available, so i'd recommend to just order all and share with a few friends!
the manakeesh were hit-and-miss - chicken was good, but the shrimp was too salty, spinach and cheese was good, but the lamb was strange. (do order and eat here, a manakeesh tastes best freshly baked, not sitting around in a takeout box)
excellent service all round, and this is a very feel-good place that's great for when you want to study, eat, or just relax with friends.
two very enthusiastic thumbs ups!!A little bit of everything! And everything with great presentation. It's a bit noisy and messy but worthy it for a unique place to eat really quick.Their crepes are the best! Both sweet and savory options'll leave you indecisive and wanting to try both. Cool, hip atmosphere. Family friendly, college student friendly and tourist friendly. My favorite little spot in PhillyWe used a Yelp deal tonight after hearing rave reviews of this great West Philly spot from an Egyptian friend who swears the baklawa is the best in the city. Because we visited during Ramadan, the restaurant wasn't taking food orders until 8:15pm, after sundown. We hopped onto the very busy line -- we were lucky to get one of only a couple unreserved tables in the restaurant -- and ordered fool, batata, and one each of the combo (zatar & cheese) and kafta manakeesh. I grabbed a fresh lemonade and my partner got a mint yogurt drink from the case. 
The wait was long, but I think that was mostly because the folks who were there to break their fast had ordered their food ahead. At sundown, we were all served one date, to break the fast with something sweet, and then other tables started getting their food. The special lamb kebabs looked great! 
Our food took about 35 minutes to come. The waiter was very apologetic, and I knew they were unusually busy for the holiday. The fool came first, and it was awesome. A few minutes later the manakeesh came, with our order of batata off to the side. The batata was not amazing; they turned out to be roasted diced potatoes with a faint taste of garlic and cilantro, and I thought they could have used a bit of salt. The manakeesh were AWESOME, though, and don't get me started on the baklawa we took home for later.... We'll definitely be back!Can't ask for better kebabs, dessert and then Turkish coffee. Parking may be challenging. Great foodManakeesh is a great place. 
Ordered the chicken wrap and it is enormous. I ordered a tabouli and a flat bread along with the wrap and didn't even touch either. I took them to go and ate each later in the day. The flat bread was perfect. Definitely freshly made. The tabouli wasn't anything to write home about, it was average. 
I got the chicken wrap with hummus and garlic sauce and it was really, really good. I was completely stuffed after word. 
One more thing: the baklava is out of this word. All the other pastries aren't good but the pastry chef NAILED it with the baklava. 
The restaurant is nice and there seems to be a lot of college students that come in to eat and study. Good place, definitely recommend.I have been a Manakeesh loyal customer for two years now. There are many reasons, but let me enumerate just a few:
1. The food! Delicious Lebanese food. Baklava is ooey gooey honeyed and crumbly goodness. The falafel is spicy and nutty and delicious. The chicken and beef and lamb is always tender and spiced very well. And the manakeesh itself? Really good...interesting taste combinations, huge portions, good prices.
2. The service. The people here are so so kind, and receptive, and really have built a feeling of family business in the place. You enter and feel very at home. They're also great to regulars--I have a few people there who never fail to remember my name or ask how I am, and it's such a good feeling.
3. The decor--it's beautiful and atmospheric, and in summer, you can sit outside or next door in Bliss, the smoothie bar, and do work or just lounge and chat with a friend if you want. How great!
Some drawbacks are that not all dishes are going to suit your tastes--I've had some mankeeshes that I'm just not into. The pita is always a little dry and thin and almost powdery for my liking. And I wouldn't rave about the hummus or the baba ganoush--it tastes pretty generic, although the portions are, again, great. 
Still, though. Manakeesh is a gem. All my friends have visited with me and been amazed and enchanted. The tea is also fantastic, and piping hot. Also they do baklava making classes! Come on, how could you NOT stop by and see what it's all about?This place has amazing manakeesh (manakeeshes?). There's also an area with smoothies which is great. But the real gem here is the hummus. I like it on pita with sriracha.Went here again and decided it's actually pretty good - especially the dessert cakes! It is definitely pricey though.I come to this place very often for dinner and have tried their pizzas and kebabs they are delicious. Also my favorite is the Nutella and banana ,strawberry crepes with fresh smoothies. It's a must try.. U won't regret.Overall good place that makes their own pitas. Some of the dishes are less than stellar and preparation can be a bit slow, but still one of the better spots in west philly.A friend recommended us to come here. We arrived around 8:40 and ordered the chicken shawarma platter. It was a busy night apparently, and we ended up waiting around 40 minutes. However, they were super kind, and gave us free baklava as an apology for the wait. Normally i am not a huge baklava fan, but this one was really good! The chicken shawarma platter was also really delicious, and the hummus was one of the best we have ever had!Quite possibly my all-time favorite place in Philadelphia!  It's taken me so long to write a review only because I've been hoping to keep this place all to myself, but I see from the other reviews that my secret is out!
Manakeesh is an incredible place with delicious food, friendly people, and a unique ambience.  It's a great place to spend the day, catching up with friends, and trying all the amazing desserts in the display case, one by one.  The Combo & Veggies Manakeesh is my favorite of their savory options, and I love the Walnut Maamoul.  
On top of all that, the people at Manakeesh are incredibly nice, and you feel like family as soon as you walk in the door.  Keep up the great work, Manakeesh!It was my first time eating here today. I called and ordered manakeesh for pick up. Their service was amazing from the second they answered the phone until I left!My life has been changed by their fruit smoothies. It was good enough to merit signing into Yelp and seriously, who utilizes Yelp for good things?Best food in the neighborhood by far - from desserts to beverages to wraps. Their cafe is wonderful, and so are the ladies working there.  
The customer service on the restaurant side isn't the best, however. They have several menus up online which list items they no longer make and prices they don't honor. In fact, they often charge several dollars higher than their listed prices, so be careful when ordering from their website. I always inform the men working about this issue, but they blatantly don't care.This is my favorite West Philly place for food. Wish they were open 24-7.
1. Large variety of baklavah, all of which are amazing. Cashews, pistachios, walnuts, and more. Not too sticky. Not too sweet. Just perfection in tiny bitesize packages. The take-out pre-packaged containers are also fabulous for bringing to dinner parties etc.
2. Cheese Manakeesh. (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manakish). In other words, delicious flavorful dough topped with delicious spices and yummy cheese. 
3. Zaatar Manakeesh. Sumac! Thyme! And other delicious ingredients. 
4. Grape leaves. As a pescetarian, it's always exciting to have grape leaves that I can eat. These don't disappoint
5. Combo Manakeesh. Why choose between two amazing options when you can have it all?
6. The salad is delightful and fresh and imho, delicious--very lemon-y and garlicky. Stay away if you don't like lemon and garlic.
7. The people are always super friendly and nice.
8. The falafel is also really good. I prefer getting the manakeesh that are laid flat so I taste more of the amazing dough. But If I were in a falafel kind of mood, Manakeesh is totally where I'd go. 
I've had the shrimp manakeesh which was fine but I'm more partial to the cheese and zaatar ones. I think I was expecting larger shrimp and these are small.Worst customer service!! Just ordered delivery. Food arrived so late, order was wrong, and customer service was even worst. Never going there or recommending this place to anyone!.If you could give more than five stars to a place this would be it. I drive from DC to come here! The decorations and atmosphere are beautiful. It's extremely clean and run by very good guys. The food is absolutely excellent from the manakeesh to the amazing smoothies and sweets that you can only get here they can customize everything to your taste. One of Philly's finest.Very clean, friendly customer service - just an acquired taste!  I'd visit again though!The food is good, but I have issues with their service. I ordered just a schwarma (a sandwich), to go, nothing else, and it took over an hour.  Their waiter would twist the cook's arm to make him food immediately, there was no regard or consideration towards addressing my order, and I'd see patrons come and go while waiting for just one sandwich.  The cook supplies the waiter with food quickly, yes, but completely ignores customers who want food to go.I highly recommend this restaurant they have fresh and delicious food and great customer service.
I am definitely coming back soonI come here and spend my precious cash at least once a week. This place is a gem of West Philadelphia. Fantastic, flavorful flatbreads, absolutely beautiful deserts, the best lemonade in the northeast and the sweetest staff. Plus wifi  and a beautiful atmosphere.
And they are attached to the best smoothie place I have ever been to and the cutest new natural foods neighborhood market. This place is really a model for amazing food service.To preface this, my friend absolutely loved the meal when we went. Personally, I really thought it was about average, and not really worth the hike out to 44th and Walnut and the crappy service.
We waited over 30 minutes after being seated *before* we could even order, so I wouldn't come here hungry. I would also suggest to check your bill as ours was incorrect at first.I happened by Manakeesh one afternoon and was struck by the building facade.  Upon looking inside, I made a note to comeback with at least one friend in tow.  It didn't take much convincing to find a good friend to see what the bakery had to offer in terms of Lebanese food.
A friend and I stopped in for breakfast and coffee, a welcome break from the usual Saxby's fare.  Both of us were impressed by the friendliness of the staff and the decor, which highlighted Lebanon.  
The food, in a word, is heaven.  I had the Manakeesh (flat-bread sandwich) Combo.  It was a mixture of thyme and cheese.  While deceptively simple, the sandwich was full of flavor and the flat-bread inspiring.  Other than my more traditional morning meal of Bagels and Lox, it's been a long search for that perfect and filling breakfast.  Filling, but not heavy, Manakeesh (available with honey, cracked wheat and tomato paste, fresh veggies, et al) is a must.
You haven't lived until you've tried one.  For the meat-eater, Sujuk is delicious.  You could play it safe and stick to more traditional American breakfast fillings, but I doubt that you'd want to after experiencing the other flavors.
If that isn't enough to make you want to head for 44th, the nice, friendly, and caring staff coupled with the available wi-fi will surely make it more difficult to resist.  You won't be sorry for seeking out the Manakeesh Bakery.  In fact, it's so good, I have a new favorite place to go in the mornings.It's high time I review Manakeesh, my favorite neighborhood (and potentially favorite EVER)  place-to-get-food. I don't want to call it a cafe, because I don't usually get beverages here (although they do make a killer chai latte). I also don't want to call it a bakery, because bakeries don't usually make amazing sandwiches (although they do make incredible cookies). I don't want to call it a sandwich shop, because it's not exactly sandwiches in the traditional sense...freshly-made, perfectly crisp yet doughy flatbreads with a boatload of fillings (both meat and veggie-friendly) are deserving of a better title than "sandwich." 
So what do I call this place? I guess I'll call it, my favorite Manakeesh place. The prices are right. The food is obviously great (they know me by name and I go here at least once a week. I almost cried when they went on vacation). The service is super-friendly. The cookies are a delight.
It's my mission to make it through the entire Vegetarian menu. So far the favorite is the combo- half za'tar (like a ground thyme paste, but don't let my poor description put you off from trying it. It's an herby, salty spread) and half cheese. I think they make their own cheese and I want to buy it in bulk.
My only gripe is that they don't have a separate pick-up line from the (looooong) ordering line that leads to the two cash registers. This is obviously a problem because it makes me wait longer to get my Manakeesh on. But as always, it's worth the wait.Picked up dessert. The line was bit long and I was standing there for about 15 mins before being helped even though i was he only one there. Picked up baklava and shamiyyat which were delicious but little dry.Their baklava is so good, best I've had in the U.S. Also, the staff is so friendly and the atmosphere is so chill and awesome. Their tea is really good too. The rest of the food is standard, and reasonably priced.  It's just a really enjoyable place to be at. Part of what makes Philly so great.Love this place! Meats and breads are hot delicious and flavorful, and the baklava is amazing. Order at the counter and your meal is brought to your table. A good place to go with a group for a shared meal. They do have a credit card minimum. Have also ordered takeout for group meals. Good, polite and efficient service, and I love their outdoor seating.Very good flatbread sandwiches. I have have now had at least a bite of 5 of the manakeeshes. They have all been very good, and they offer a good amount of food for around $5. If you like Middle Eastern flavors I would highly recommend trying this place out. 
They also have a large assortment of baked goods, of which I have only had the baklava (good, but not great). I would suggest that they better label the desserts for people who are unfamiliar with the many varieties of Middle Eastern baking. 
The drip coffee is also quite good and reasonably priced. Staff isbvery friendly. Really wish it wasn't so far from center city!This place has a lot going for it, but they do need to get a few kinks worked out before they earn a special place in my heart.
Things I like:
The ambiance manages to be roomy but cozy at the same time, which is an impressive achievement.  There are some (but only some) outlets, and ample seating both indoors and out.
The food is also a strong point.  The manakeesh (for the uninitiated, a pizza-like flatbread dish) are well-prepared, flavorful, large, and reasonably priced.  The coffee is pretty good, and the creme brulee is very good (and a reasonable $4 and change).  They've also got some good signage going for them, so it's fairly easy to figure out what the yummy-looking-but-totally-unfamiliar-baked-thing is, and how much it costs.
Things I dislike:
Organization FAIL.  The lines are extremely slow.  The family in front of me actually left -- despite being next in line -- because of how long it was taking to place their order.  I also saw two separate groups of people go up to complain that part of their order had been forgotten or hadn't yet arrived.  I don't know if this is recent opening jitters or a more pervasive problem, but it definitely interfered with my enjoyment of this place.  (That said, the staff are perfectly friendly once you actually get to them!)
They also advertise free Wi-Fi, but in reality there's a purchase code that expires *every hour*.  I get that they don't want people buying a cup of coffee and sitting all day, but having to buy a new something-or-other every hour to continue using Wi-Fi is a little unreasonable -- especially when you've already paid a decent amount for a meal, coffee, and dessert.
TL;DR: I like this place, but I want to *really* like this place.  If they can get their front end a bit more organized and ditch the draconian Wi-Fi policy, they'll be a solid 5 stars.This place is overpriced, mediocre, but consistent in the west Philly area. The coffee is good, the crepes and waffles are nice, and some of the main course selections like kebabs are good. The pastry selection is below average, and they sell old items without clearly marking it as such. Make sure you ask for an itemized receipt, sometimes they overcharge.
The two dollar smoothie on Tuesdays is also a good deal and worth having.
The service is inconsistent, especially at the smoothie and coffee bar. Overall, if you want a place to catch up with a friend in the area, it is fine.What an amazing discovery!  
I have driven past Manakeesh probably about once a week for the past year, always wondering what it was like and mentioning how I wanted to try it out.  This past week, I finally made my way over, and thank god I did!  (I have been there twice since :) )
Manakeesh is a cozy little cafe-like bakery making FRESH from scratch Lebanese baked goods and foods.  They serve Turkish Coffee and other espresso/coffee/tea drinks too.  The menu includes some appetizers, Lebanese flat breads and wraps, and a few platters.  In addition to the main cafe room at Manakeesh, there is a connecting small Middle-Eastern grocery shop with a full smoothie & crepe bar.  OMG.
The first time I was at Manakeesh, I ordered the Turkish Coffee.  It is very strong coffee with Cardamom.  It was served piping hot and was delicious.  I also got a to-go order of the Tabbouleh.  The small is pretty big and was less than $4.  It was full of fresh bright green parsley, amazing.
I had to come back to Manakeesh with my fiance- Middle Eastern food is one of his favorites so it was only right to bring him back and get the full experience.  We ordered the Za'tar Flatbread (with veggies: cucumber, tomato, onion, olives) and we each got a platter- he picked the Chicken Schwarma and I got the Beef Schwarma.  The platters each came with hummus, salad, fresh pita bread, and the meat was served over a very large bed of rice.  We could have just ordered one- it was a ton of food.  
The Za'tar flatbread was outstanding.  I highly recommend trying it, especially if you haven't heard of Za'tar yet.  Get it with or without the veggies- I'm sure both ways are fantastic.  Everything here is cooked in an open-flame oven which gives the bread an amazing smoky flavor.  
The platters were also seriously awesome.  The meat was super flavorful and very tender.  I don't typically like to fill up on rice, but this rice was delicious and worth it.  The hummus was a bit oily for what I prefer but of course it tasted amazing.  I also enjoyed the salad, it was light but had some fresh pita chips sprinkled over top which was a nice touch.  The pita unfortunately came out about 4 minutes after our platters, so I took mine home since it was so big anyway.  It made for a perfect late-night snack that night- still probably the best pita bread I've had outside of Israel.  
This place is legit.  It's the real deal.  Highly recommend.Reviewing their delivery only- I am a long time fan of Manakeesh and this review is only to help make their deliveries better and more reliable. 
Timing issues- We order food from Manakeesh almost every other week for our meetings. Delivery times are highly variable for a close distance of ~1 mile, ranging from 45 mins to 1.5 hrs. I can totally understand if this happened during winter/bad weather but not when it's pleasant and warm outside. It's really frustrating when you have to wait so long especially when everyone is hungry and run out to pick up the late delivery in the middle of the meeting.
Packing issues- our typical order ranges from $35-50 plus tip. The Manakeeshes usually come in a paper bag, sort of covered in parchment paper. During our most recent order, there was oil all over, turns out it was oozing out of a cheese Manakeesh.. And the plastic bag there were put in was all oily too! I remember them using a cake box to deliver one other time, which was much better at keeping the contents together. I hope they always use those boxes for delivery!Always a great place to do work, grab a Turkish Coffee or a smoothie, and munch on the large and wholesome menu. Plus the customer service here is always super friendly. Give it a whirl!Authentic Lebanese food. Better for a visit during the day given the casual atmosphere/area. Good for pick up too. If only they had the baked kibbe more often. My favorites are the lamb lahm bajeen manakeesh, zaatar+cheese combo manakeesh, hummus, chicken tawook (with the garlic), kibbe, grape leaves, tabouleh, kanafe, the list goes on. Drop what you are doing and go here!So I'm here from Chicago and to be honest I haven't  done a Yelp review in a while. But for this place I had to. So I ordered my food over an hour and a half ago it's not even that busy and the other 2 I came with ordered 10 min after I did and they got there food first. There's 8 guys working in the back and there all on a snail speed. And the food was decent not anything special. I had the pick 4 and the choice of meat was chicken. Hummus was good but that's about it.Friendliest and nicest service people ever.
Went tonight with a friend, and neither of us was familiar with the menu. The staff was extremely patient and helpful in describing and explaining everything, and just welcoming in general. 
I was impressed at the variety offered--all sorts of flatbread sandwiches, but also lots of delicious-looking pastries, and most of the basic drinks you get in a coffee shop, as well as Arabic specialties. You could go to this place like a coffee shop and order a latte and french pastry, and settle down in one of the leather chairs with a laptop and the free wifi. You could go there for dinner with friends, and order a Lebanese feast. Or you could come here and get some tea and date sweets and sit outside and enjoy the air.
I only got a Turkish coffee and a baklava, and commented that $1.65 was a lot for a pretty small baklava piece--but I didn't mean to seriously complain. The cashier did explain that the price per piece went down as you ordered more, and most of the other pastries were not expensive at all. (We came late and there were all sorts of cakes available for super discount prices.) However, once we sat down, one of the counter staff brought me 2 extra sweets to make up for the baklava price! And another staff person upsized my friend's drink, since it came out a bit late.
The baklava itself was, as promised, delicious, nutty, and not too syrupy, and my friend's manakeesh smelled very good. The decor was beautiful, and I like all the condiments and spices they had available next to the cutlery-and-napkin station to customize your dish.
 I'll have to come back again and try the food, but my first experience here was a delight.There is a new Cheesesteak Manakeesh!!! ITS SOOOOO GOOOOODDD!!! Also the new Bliss Cafe is excellent.  Make sure to try the melon/mango smoothie.  So DELISH!!!! Purchase a Mankeesh Coffee Mug and get super cheap coffee and tea every time you visit!! Love this place!!!Love. Simply in love with this place! I find myself craving the food multiple times a week but since I don't live anywhere near it I become obsessed with finding reasons to go out of my way to get here. There's usually a special dish sitting on top of the prep area that has never disappointed. Delicious meat options are here but it's also a vegetarian's delight. The small Lebanese salad is like a large in a regular restaurant and the large is huge! So perfect on a hot day, tart with lemon and spiked with mint. 
The desserts are incredibly fresh. The baklava is crispy and the semolina cake is dripping moist with just the perfect touch of sweetness. Don't leave without having some. 
The staff are friendly and so polite! This place makes me want to move to West Philly.I would give two separate rating for this place: One rating for the savory food, another rating for the bakery.
It's definitely a clear 4 or 5 stars for the bakery. Everything I've had there from the baklava to the macaroons are delicious. If you like these types of desserts, you won't be disappointed here. Unfortunately, my dentist tells me that man alone can't survive on desserts. 
I've been to Manakeesh a handful of times now (like probably close to 10) and I've never once been wowed with the food. It's NOT bad-- it's just a little bland. Their flatbread is definitely the star  but everything I've ordered on top of it has only been okay. The pizza just tasted like normal pizza on a flat bread and probably something I could easily recreate at home. I've had the Tawook (chicken on flatbread) and the chicken in the sauce can be a little soggy and a little sour a combo that just isn't entirely pleasing for poultry. I've also had the falafel platter which is actually good-- the falafel isn't oily but it may be a tad overcooked as they're pretty rock hard. I've also had the all Veggie platter which ended up being like 2-3 veggies so it also wasn't really super awesome. 
So in summary, I definitely like this place but it's not what I would call the most flavorful experience of Lebanese food. However, the staff here is really great and nice and fantastic about answering any questions you have about the menu.
Oh and note: they close for prayer from 1-2 so just make sure you get your lunch fix in before 1! They definitely will serve you if you walk in at 12:40 which is really clutch of them.The flatbread sandwiches are great. The bread in particular is fresh and while the fillings are somewhat duller than I expected, overall it's still I think a fantastic deal. Portions are huge. I got the Kafta sandwich which was a combination of green peppers, lamb, and oil and was quite pleased.
I got a chance also to sample the baklava. To be honest, I didn't particularly like it, but I don't like sweet things in general (though this was hardly as sweet as most desserts I suppose) so take that as you will.
The turkish coffee is also a fun treat. It's served in a tin cup with a small ceramic teacup for drinking. I couldn't notice much flavor when I had it unfortunately, but it's hard to say if it was me or the drink.I will admit my bias here and now: I am obsessed with Mediterranean food.
With that being said, Manakeesh offers a fresh and delicious array, from the homemade hummus to the flavorful tabouli. They even have a gluten-free platter!  Awesome! I split the veggie, z'atar, and spinach/cheese manakeesh with two other people, along with a side of hummus and tabouli.  It was just enough food considering we were getting dessert (see last paragraph).
I really enjoy the atmosphere here.  It is a casual cafe, but with high ceilings, comfy chairs, and Wifi.  There are large tables to accomodate big groups and enough space that you can come here alone and not feel weird.  Service is helpful and friendly.  You order at the counter and the food gets brought to your table.  Prices are reasonable, and the Yelp deal ($13 for $20 worth of food) is very advantageous.
The only reason I did not give Manakeesh five stars is that they did not warm the kanafe in the oven.  Kanafe is a cheese pastry meant to be served warm so that the cheese is oozing, gooey, and melty.  While it's true I have high standards for this dessert since I first discovered it in Jordan, I had really hoped Manakeesh would nuke it just a tad for me.  Maybe next time they will be willing..Ridiculously inexpensive, clean, unique, and good. The staff there are acknowledgeable and friendly. They guided me to the combo sandwich thing and a tasty pastry (i dunno what it was but it was Good). 
Today was my first Lebanese food experience. I had the combo: some flat bread with cheese and a spread on it. Boy, it sure was good! And 3.50 total. You can't beat these prices. Unique and fresh. I plan on coming back here next week for lunch again. The restaurant was so clean and nice!Mankeesh Cafe Bakery has a great vibe and atmosphere. It's a perfect hangout place for young college students. I love the decor and the cafe is spacious. It can be a bit busy at times but overall I enjoy coming here. I like the flat breads with the different toppings, they have a nice, fresh taste. Overall, the food is good but the desserts are okay. It's still a nice place to go every once in awhile with friends.This bakery is just across the street from a local mosque and offers some pretty authentic Lebanese sweets and coffee. 
While visiting Philly with a group of friends we stopped here to grab some breakfast. Coming from France, we have some good knowledge of what Lebanese sweets taste and feel like, so we were kinda cautious about ordering some here. There was no reason to be cautious - this place was really good and, at least to our taste, pretty authentic. 
The coffee was quite good as well; especially the Turkish. 
Overall this is a good place that I would recommend to anyone looking some coffee and sweets!Love this place.  Almost don't wanna give it a 5 star review because really want to have it all to myself...late afternoons with my personal pot of tea and yet another baklava or other bakery treat.  But I must play fair....and let's face it I'm not the only one who has discovered their delicious Middle Eastern pastries.  But wait....there is a terrific authentic casual restaurant in the next room.  Kabobs, wraps, salads, platters, (grilled lamb!)  beautiful Middle Eastern fare...so real, so good.... very reasonable and the staff couldn't be nicer.Really delicious middle eastern food. We got in just before a rush (proof that it is a popular spot) and were impressed by the variety of options. I got a vegetarian platter, and they shared that there were too few falafels left, so they offered my any additional substitute. Very considerate staff, relatively fast service, and generous portions. We didn't get to try the coffee shop and desserts next door, but it looked fantastic. Next time for sure.I can't go to a place as much as I do to Manakeesh and give it less than 5 stars. A much needed addition to West Philly, I can't say enough about the freshly made manakeesh and desserts that I enjoy on almost a weekly basis now.
The staff is great and really friendly and the space itself is really inviting and comfortable with a nice decor. For as much of a meat eater that I am, my favorite is the combo vegetarian, which is half za^tar, half cheese. If you're feeling carnivorous, try the shawarma, spicy sirloin strips w/ onions and tomatoes. For breakfast, I'll indulge in the sausage, egg, and cheese manakeesh with a cup of coffee which is a great way to start the day. 
As for the desserts, I'm still making my way through all the choices. You definitely can't miss with the baklava options. 
Oh yeah, did I mention how cheap it is to enjoy all this goodness? Can't beat it.
Enjoy!I came in for a quick snack prior to a physical activity.  I opted to order a za'atar manakeesh.  It's a Lebanese flatbread cooked to order in the flame brick oven.  This is the most traditional manakeesg which is topped with thyme, oil, and sesame.  It's best eaten right out of the oven.  I loved the flavors i really didn't want to share, but did!  The bread was warm and delicious.Best hummus, wonderful flat breads with toppings. Amazing atmosphere. A pleasure to visit.Overhyped, average food and below average baklavas. (For those who don't know, ALL middle  eastern desserts are called baklavas).I had baklava and the lahmbajeen flatbread, and I've had the tawook in the past. A great deal especially with the Yelp thing. Good for a working lunch for two and close to the university.I live right next to this place so it became my new Green Line Cafe. I come here for the crepes every Sunday. Stay away from the fajita crepe. This fusion was never meant to be lol. If you're craving something more savory, the smoked salmon is pretty delicious. Fig and goat cheese is spot on for the sweeter tooth looking for something a bit different. Right now they have a specialty vanilla pumpkin latte, which is really great timing given the season. Rich and cinnamon-y.I love this place so much that I wouldn't mind the 2.5 hour drive up from D.C. Just to come here. 
Whenever we're visiting Philadelphia we make sure we stop by this place, preferably for brunch.
Their namesake item, the Manakeesh, is possibly the BEST in this country (and I've tried a lot of places). I've also had other Mezze items and they're quite tasty as well.
Manakeesh is certainly worth a visit, you will not be disappointed.Semi-obsessed with this place, try to go at least every other week. Favorites so far are the house tea with mint leaves, combo (cheese/zaatar) manakeesh, lebanese salad, fruit smoothies and date mamool cookies. The only reason for the star off is that if you are waiting for takeout it takes forever, even if you order ahead. The orders to eat in are always very promptly delivered though.Love! Had a great delivery experience last night. I had ordered fried cauliflower but they didn't have any left :( fortunately the place called me right away and offered to replace it with something else.
I tried their grape leaves for the first time and really enjoyed them. Not overly oily, and they have a nice kick of lemon which enjoyed.
The fattoush was fresh and delicious as always!
I always go with the labneh and zaatar, my favorite combo. The bread was a little too doughy last night but it still tasted great.Manakeesh has great food, very reasonably priced.  Standouts include the falafel, the kofta flatbread (a kind of pizza sans cheese or tomato sauce), and every dessert I've ever had.  They also make great Turkish coffee.  The space is bright, clean, and welcoming, with kick-ass outside seating in warmer weather.  The owner and workers are kind and friendly.  Kids are welcome and adorably in evidence.  So happy we have a place like this in Philadelphia.Great place to have lunch, breakfast or dinner. The sujuk manakeesh is to die for, a lil bit on the spicy side. personally , my favorite dish is the combo manakeesh. My wife loves the tawook manakeesh and the egg cheese and sausage one.
The sweets are great also.One of the best Lebanese food places in Philly! Definitely my go-to spot after studying. Try the baklava, it's the best.This review is for delivery only. Twice we've ordered here through Eat24 and both times the delivery took over 2 hours. This time I called the restaurant after 1.5 hours and the man who answered the phone said the food was out for delivery and that it should be here in 20 minutes. Another 45 minutes passed so I messaged Eat24. They responded that they were checking the status of my order. And then nothing. I messaged them asking about the status of my order again and then I received a call by the same man I spoke to earlier. He asked if I was still interested in my order. I would've cancelled but I really wanted to eat! I asked him if they could fast-track my order and he responded that "they'd do the best they could."  That's not really an answer.$2 smoothies on Tuesday are amazing. You pick what 4 fruits you want so it is truly your own creation. I also had the Beef Shawarma Wrap. Was very nice and very filling. They've changed their hours recently (I think for Ramadan) so I actually went there at 10pm and was great that they were still open. Very quiet at that time too.Nice and family friendly, The kunefe and mint tea was great, and the fresh juices and smoothies looked amazing. Very nice interior and a cool little outside patio as well.This is an update to my most recent review about their DELIVERY only! (Read my previous reviews for more info/details). 
After my review, Manakeesh fixed their packaging issues for our delivery order today. The food was delicious as always. The box used to deliver food also had a note, "sorry about last time and thanks for the feedback". Now this is what I call good customer service. Please note that they start delivery only at 11am and give it about 40-50 mins. I ordered about 1.5h ahead of time just to make sure the order arrived in time for our meeting and it did within 45 mins. 
Overall I am happy with their service and will continue delivery orders in future.Amazing desert case filled with cakes, mousses and various Lebanese sweets, including kanafa on the weekends.  Their Lebanese food includes flatbreads (manakeesh) cooked in a brick oven, hummus, babaganouj, salads, etc..  Everything is very good and affordable.Manakeesh is a great addition to West Philly.  It is proving to be a real hit and is always busy with friends, couples, and families enjoying traditional tea, homemade flatbreads and delicious pastries made fresh on the premises each day.  The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff super friendly.  
Based on staff recommendations I tried the combo flatbread (cheese with thyme) and it's excellent.  The bread is always served warm straight from the oven and is big enough to tear in half and share as a snack with a friend.  The vegetarian flatbreads are just under $4; flatbreads with meat more like $5-$6.  
The pastries are ALL good and they're bite-size so it's nice to get a selection and try more than one!  They're stacked in glistening piles in an array of colors so it's hard not to be tempted.
I'm still working my way through their menu but everything looks great and is really fresh too.  
I've taken several friends there and they've all been pretty impressed by the atmosphere and the quality of the food.  I'd definitely recommend it and encourage people to cross the city to try it out.One star down because the Foul was too thin and oily. But the flavor was really good. 
My Za'atar and Labne manakeesh w/onion, tomato, cucumber, and olives was delicious. And sooo filling. The bread is different than other flat/pita breads I've had - slightly sweet, and wonderfully soft. The Za'atar was perfect with the labne as well. 
Also got a side fattoush salad - very good as well. Super fresh and crisp with a tangy dressing.
Overall, it was a good experience. Next time I'll try some of their coffee drinks...smelled good.Beautiful atmosphere. Delicious food. Friendly staff. Wi-Fi and comfortable study/work spaces. With a wide variety of food, baked goods, snacks, and coffee or espresso or tea drinks! I highly recommend the pistachio baklava - absolutely delectable!So tasty and affordable.   Things can get a little crazy-busy inside, but the outdoor seating area is always calm, clean, and relaxing.I'm giving this establishment a 5-star rating because of their fresh juice bar, which was definitely needed after my friend and I ate everything on the menu at Saads (just across the street). The service was impeccable and the girls behind the counter were sweet and patient. The space is SO spacious. I felt so restricted at Saads. I can't wait to come back here to order my fresh juice drink. By the way, when I mean fresh, these juices are FRESH. And they don't add preservatives or crap to it either. You can create any kind of juice drink, let your imagination run wild. Cheers!The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because it can be hard to get a table, which is really just a testament to how delicious the food is. I've had the BBQ chicken, the Cheese and the Cheesteak and all were tasty. A good price point for their size and quality. Although I've moved from the area, I plan to stop in on my next visit.This place is definitely a hidden gem. First off, there is street parking so be prepared to keep a keen eye out. This area to my surprise has many restaurants and businesses around so you can always come in for the bakery or middle eastern sides! The food was AMAZING. It tasted so authentic with the seasonings and fresh out of the kitchen. You get to watch them cook in front of you, so that's a plus! There are many options to choose (in both the bakery and cafe). I recommend trying the Lebanese pastries, stuffed grape leaves and baba ghanouj!! There's a good amount of seatings in both sections and outside so you don't have to worry about that. They are only loosing a star because the food took a bit of time to come out (a wrap- 10 min) and the prices are not very cheap. I would come here maybe once every other week.I had some sort of flatbread. It was delicious. Definitely get some baklava as well. The atmosphere is very cozy and peaceful.I live about a block from this place, so I've been very often. Their baked goods are delightful, smoothies delicious and I LOVE their chicken curry menu items. Their falafel is second to Saad's but Saad's is really hard to beat. Even their coffee drinks are good. In fact, my only complaint about this spot is the customer service and staff rapport. I've seen one of the guys in charge yell at and other times scold the female employees. Some of the cashiers/front counter staff are distracted and/or dismissive. So, going in is always an internal battle for me. Good food, mediocre at best service. Prices feel a little high, but not high enough to deter me.I love this place. Casual and relaxed with lots of families. Cafeteria style. Food is fairly priced and really good! Especially the gluten free platter and baklava!Definitely look at the menu ahead of time before heading to Manakeesh. Otherwise you'd be standing behind the counter for a bit or even worse, holding up the line while you decide what to order! 
Food was great at this fast casual eatery and extra points for having Sriracha (do it). I can't get used to Turkish coffee, though. Can't wait to come back to try everything else on their menu.Amazing food! I ordered the chicken shawarma with a side of hummus! Great choice! Pita bread was very fresh! My friend ordered a veggie wrap, which was also very tasty! Service is kind of slow, but would definitely go back! Their bakery also looked good- will also be back for that!This place is fantastic. The food is great, the prices are good, and the employees are friendly and helpful. My favorite is the zatar manakeesh with cheese. We got the veggie manakeesh, which was really tasty, but I think next time I will get it with cheese. The baba ganouj is awesome and the baklava is the best I've ever had. We got 2 manakeesh, 1 small baba, 1 small hummus, and 3 pitas all for $20. GO!Two words- CHICKEN TAWOOK!! Get it on a flatbread, put some sriracha on it and eat it fresh. One of the best middle eastern foods I've ever had. Amazing every time. Do it do it do it!I'm not used to these flavours but it was quite delicious!
I think the drinks are overpriced though.I can understand the plethora of four- and five-star reviews, but I'm gonna have to go for a three on this one.  The food was very solid, but there were a few quirks of the service that makes me knock them down. We were a group of 8, and some of us ordered together (groups of 2 or 3) and others flew solo.  It was not the easiest of groups to manage, I suppose, by nevertheless...
The hummus and baba ghanoush made a great opening act.  The bread came out hot, and piping fresh.  But then the server came back and TOOK AWAY a piece of bread!  He gave us 1 too many apparently.  And he took one away just as my friend was tearing into it!  Weird, right?  I mean, fine, maybe you should only get 2.  But it's bread, not truffles!  And PS, bread adds $1 onto the price of each of these; if you hold your horses, you can use the bread of your manakeesh and forego extra. 
Then the manakeesh started flowing, and the server just kind of put them down without explaining which was which, leaving us all to fend for ourselves in figuring out who got what and whose was whose.  It was finally sorted, and I will say that the chicken tawook was my favorite.  Moist chicken, great garlic sauce.  The hot cheese and red peppers was pretty disappointing in the lack of cheese.  The lamb lahm bajeen was also tasty.  Falafel was solid.  Then we realized two orders of labneh never came.  So we went to ask for them, and then they arrived.  
Pretty much everyone got a fresh lemonade ($4) as well.  They came, without ICE!  Apparently they were out of ice... so so much for our thirst quenching, cold lemonade.  It comes with a free refill, as well, so there was ice in time for that as they ran out to get some.  But two ice cubes in the refill didn't really cool me down.  And worst, I highly doubt the lemonade could fairly be called "fresh".  
So, all in all, decent food, weird quirks of service, but the prices are good, so, perhaps I'll make a repeat appearance.Great smoothies, and manakeesh. The manakeesh is a Lebanese street food which could be likened to a pita pizza. These can be made with veg, spiced meat, cheeses and eggs. Also offered are a selection or charcoal grilled meats on skewers and traditional middle eastern treats such as fool, hummus, babba ganush and a large selection of baclava baked on premises. Service is always with a smile. Plan of waiting for your freshly prepared food on a pita fresh baked baked for ten minutes or less. The dining room is attractively decorated spacious, with high ceilings and an outdoor area for nice weather. Tuesday is discounted shake day. They also offer ice cream and espresso.Loved this place and all of the options that it offers from the juice bar, to the bakery to the Lebanese main dishes.  Came here for the juice which was amazing and was blown away by the cashew baklava. Hope to come back to try the Mediterranean food.Wonderful food!  The cake, the zatar combo sandwich, the labneh, the hummus, Everything I tried was top notch.  I've had the joy of home cooked Lebanese food before and this tasted quite similar... which is a very good thing.  Everything they serve is made there, same day.  It's all fresh and delicious!  Bonus: it won't break the bank unless you only have $4.  Even if all you have is $4, you can get something lunch sized (One of their Manakeesh Sandwiches) that will taste and feel surprisingly good!  Oh yeah, and there are mint leaves in the labneh "sandwich"!  So good!Perfect loose leaf black tea with added fresh mint leaves.  Nice people and lots of seating and sugary treats.The food is excellent and the staff is friendly. I deff recommend the manakeesh Cheese, Falafel Rap and the chicken Tawook great restaurant.Some of the best baklava I've ever had (they have pistachio, cashew, and walnut, and my favorite is the walnut), and a smoothie bar where you can design your own (OJ or milk as the base, + up to 4 fruits/veggies) for only $2 on Tuesdays! The chicken tawook manakeesh (flatbread) is also good--creamy and garlicky.The food is delicious and consistently amazing. Definitely worth making multiple trips to! Sometimes it can get a little crowded but every time I've gone I have found a table.Really nice neighborhood cafe/restaurant. Drop in here for coffee and a delicious piece of baklava, or a casual dinner. The menu is simple, but really wonderful.Great baklava, maybe some of the best I've had. The smoothie would've been great too if they had washed the fruits and vegetables first. My friends mango carrot smoothie had a nice layer of dirt floating in the middle.So I had to give this place another shot, since the first time was only based on delivery.  Bf wanted a fruit smoothie so, after doing a short Yelp search, I settled on going to Manakeesh. (And for my own selfish reason of wanting some falafel).
It was a gorgeous Sunday afternoon and we sat outside.  (Love spots with outdoor seating!) You have to order inside first, but they'll bring it out to you.  
This time I got the falafel platter and bf got a fruit smoothie and then the lamb platter.  The falafel was dry and stale.  And you know why?  Because they are pre-fried and then sit in a foil container awaiting to be reheated, for who knows how long!  No bueno dudes.  
The salad was abundant and the hummus was satisfactory.
I would choose the lamb over the falafel but only if I had to choose between the 2.  It was more flavorful and the rice was nicely cooked.  Salad and hummus accomapained that platter as well.
I'll give it up for their fruit smoothies.  Delicious!!  For the price, you get almost a meal in a cup.  So, Manakeesh, You've earned another star with me.  But I still am not impressed with the food I've had, especially for the cost.  
I will probably find myself coming here yet again to try something different... because I do believe third time can be a charm, and because I'm an optimist. 
(Review update for lunch 4/12/2015 )Parking is little hard to find, but it was worth it. Food was great, kitchen is open so you can see your food preped. We got gyro and Tewoik, it was one perfect.This place used to be so good but with time their middle eastern hospitality started going down:
- be aware of the big guy who stays behind the counter and scratches his balls time to time. Just imagine what happens in the kitchen!
- the girls at a pastry department are rude and full of attitude. You ask them for a tea or smoothie and they do it slowly as if you inconvenienced them with your request. They never say "please", "thank you", or "you're welcome", and they barely smile.
- if before they paid attention to how much they put meat on "Kafta Manakeesh" now they don't even care to spread the meat and the meat itself is raw and salty. 
- how difficult is to put a big bottle of ketchup instead of ketchup packets? They are annoying! And if you ask someone behind the counter to pour some ketchup into the cup they bluntly say they don't have it when it is right there. 
- the biggest complaint is their restroom! It is always dirty and smelly. You can't enter it without holding your breath. It is right next to the kitchen and they use these restrooms themselves. If they don't care how clean their restrooms do you think they care about the hygiene in the kitchen? Right across there is a Saad restaurant. I've been there couple times only, because I'm not a fan of their food but their restroom is crystal clean compared to Manakeesh.
I received the response from a manager and very glad that he reads reviews and is willing to work on the issues they have. So I give 3 stars this time.Fan-freakin-tastic. Amazing flavors and spices on everything... And a great atmosphere, too. The kind of place you feel happy to give your business to. Been here several times and have nothing negative to say.One of my favorite places in Philly to chill and eat well affordably. I highly recommend the manakeesk kefta. Its a freshly made personal size pizza type dish topped with tender ground lamb with spices.  The bread is made there from scratch and is perfectly baked in an oven on the premises. It has the crispiesr crust youll ever have.  All the meat is halal which is very lean and high quality.  They also have many other "toppings" as well as sandwiches including vegeterian choices such as falafel. 
Besides great food they also have a a gourmet selection of coffee, espresso, teas and other drinks as well as an amazing assorment of freshly made middle eastern (baklava etc) and western pastries...the best ive had in the city. And if that wasn't enough, theres a juice bar over  in an adjoining space where they also make fresh crepes ...as well as a great litlle middle eastern/ arabic  grocery store.  Oh and they have free interrnet (for customers) and it has a nice european cafe, chill atmosphere.  The service is chill, freindly and extremely prompt. I am so greatful its within walking distance from my apartment.
Highly recommendedLovely place! 
Manakeesh (tasty lebanese flat bread/pizza) is a popular Levantine food consisting of dough topped with thyme, cheese, or ground meat. they offer veggie options as well. flavorful and authentic!
Plus, huge assortiment of middle eastern traditional pastry (including several types of Baklava) and european style cakes (when i was there, they had at least 10 different kinds). mmm =) so good =) and fresh 
and of course, its a coffee/tea house =) 
the atmosphere and staff are very nice and friendly.The staff at Manakeesh are so friendly and courteous, you feel like you're going to a friend's house for a bite to eat. The design is very quaint and exotic, for the lack of a better work and it always smells delicious! 
The flatbread is delicious. It always look like it's too much for one person, but I've never had any difficulty eating one in a single sitting, then again, it's way too delicious to put down after that first bite. The labneh has a very interesting flavor. It is a yogurty, cheesy spread with a sourish taste similar to greek yogurt. I love yogurt/dairy products so I thought I give it a try. The first bite was slightly unexpected and it requires a little bit of adjustment but I fell in love with it by the end of my meal! For those who like yogurt, I highly recommend the Turkish Yogurt drink (Ayran). It has a very interesting taste, like yogurt with salt, but it's a delicious combination after you get used to it. 
Anyone in the West Philly area should definitely try out this place. It is a very pleasant walk from UPenn's campus.Its fries is so crispy and delicious. I love it so much.
Grilled chicken kebab with lemon herb tastes really nice. Its chicken is tender and well-seasoned.
Also, its spinach-strawberry walnut salad is fresh and beautiful. I will definitely come here for meals againYou know how there's just some food you eat and then you crave consistently for the rest of the week? That's Manakeesh. I had it one time for a birthday dinner and couldn't WAIT for the next time I could go back. The food is simply DELICIOUS. The must haves are definitely their hummus and fries. I could eat that forever. Once I have gone to just get their hummus. The food is definitely pricier than what I expected- my platters ended up being in the upper teens, but the food is just so worth it and so good. I would-and have- come back over and over!YUMM
all the flat breads here are good
The food feels authentic, and I love the smoothiesGave me the wrong order , then when I asked them to give me the right one wouldn't give me I had to pay for the second time .... Smh never coming again poor customer service .....Update to my review because I've eaten more food here and it's wonderful! Portion sizes are great, especially for the price. My friend had the baba ganoush and it was incredible. I couldn't stop eating his food. I ordered the beef shaarma and the portion was huge! Everything was so yummy. They cook the meat perfectly, add tomatoes and pickles, topped off with some house made sauce. I don't even like pickles, but I loved the way it all tasted together. I plan on coming back and having some manakeesh. I got an whole tea pot with my meal. Once again the house black tea is a hit. I love this place!I have been here a couple of times. Each time the service has been relatively quick and the staff has been extreme helpful and friendly. It is affordable and delicious. I have had the lamb shwarma platter. WOW. It's a lot of food. You can easily make it 2 or 3 meals pending on how hungry you are. I also had their hot cheese manakeesh. It was extremely flavorful. I can't wait to try more kinds! Their sweets are always good. The juice bar attached has delicious juices and smoothies. Their chocolate chip cookies are where it's at! Soft gooey goodness. This place is definitely on my radar for quick, flavorful food.I wish if I took a pic for the food but it was hot and looks very good so I eat it all and not to expensive I would definitely come back I love itI went to this busy Middle Eastern cafeteria and purchased a big plop of slightly-brown, cheese-lard mixture spooned onto a rock-hard tart shell for a mere $4.50 . No sponge cake or coffee liquor in sight, despite a little sign made out of white chocolate stuck in the side, which had "tiramisu" written on it. Although I should have demanded a refund after the first chewy bite, I shoveled the rest into my mouth using the plastic fork I got at the plastic utensil dispensing machine near the door. Because I thought it would be fun.
Maybe it's like ordering fish at a diner - i.e. best to stick with a club sandwich. In this case, go with one of the exotic things you probably never heard of -- it can't possibly be worse!What surprises me is that this place is underrated and not as famous among University City students as it should be! 
This restaurant is awesome! The food is really great tasting and also something that is not super typical so it's great when you want to eat something different. The pita is delicious and the toppings are great (I love the chicken tawook in particular, but everything there is great). The desserts are amazing as well and come in such a large variety  - many many different types of baklava, cookies, and various pastries. My mom loves their cappucinos! And of course, the prices are great. 
I also really love the atmosphere - the dining style is casual and the restaurant is really cozy. The service is extremely friendly and welcoming.
Another thing that is great is that they now offer baklava-making classes for $35 per person! I took one a few weeks ago and it was really fun, very educational, and a great deal because I got to take two boxes of baklava home with me!My favorite place in Philadelphia, solely because of the COMBO (half cheese, half zaatar) flatbread. That is all.Food: 4
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 4
Value: 3.5
This was a great little spot. It's a combination of a restaurant with sandwiches/entrees, and a bakery/cafe with coffee and baked goods. There is something for everyone here. The atmosphere is very cool too, in a converted old bank building.I had my first experience with Manakeesh last weekend and it's official - I'm a fan. Who could complain about nice doughy bread/pizza crust with different toppings options?! Not I. 
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. We started out with hummus and pita, and then ordered a breakfast manakeesh with eggs, cheese, and sausage and a savory manakeesh with shwarma with onions and tomatoes. All of the food was great, the coffee was also nice and strong. 
We ordered a variety of desserts to go and the star of all was definitely the baklava. Bonus points to Manakeesh for the cute decor and comfy seating. It's a place you could spend an afternoon just hanging out.I've been to the Bakery several times each month they have been open, and I plan on returning many more times in the future. The staff is extraordinarily courteous and friendly, and you feel like family from the moment you enter to the second you leave. 
The food itself is very inexpensive and is a fantastic deal considering the quality of the food (flavor, portions etc), and the chic decor and environment that you find yourself immersed in (the interior decorator deserves a raise).
All in all, if you make the voyage out to 45th street, you'll return home a fuller happier person!i would give it 3.75 stars if i had the option. Didnt love it quite as much as the other reviews, though I admit of the cookie dessert assortment we got, the baklava was Queen!! the grumpy boy behind the counter suggested a creme cake but by then we built our cookie assortment so we stuck with that. 
loved our manakeesh "sandwiches" -- we got the combo cheese and za'atar (totally recommend) and the ground lamb and beef (which I piled high with cucumbers and tomatoes from bf's falafel plate, and it tasted like a middle eastern take on a burger, with the perfect amount of everything to make a thin sandwich).
we also sampled the fool because we had never had but it was just so-so but having no comparison I think we just didnt care for it. oh and bf dug his falafal balls but no so much on the turkish coffee. it had an unpleasing odor to it.
i would go back esp if seeing movie in the area--and recommend it. stick to the manakeesh and the baklava and you will not go wrong!! very reasonably priced.One of the first things you notice entering Manakeesh is that it looks different from typical west-Philly joints in the area -- it's new, spacious, and has a good variety of seating options.  
The next thing you might notice is that, oddly for a large restaurant, there is no table service.  Instead, you order and pay at the counter (a server then brings your dish to your table).  This might work fine in a small place with a limited menu, but Manakeesh has many options -- many that are unfamiliar to new clientele -- and that can cause major backups, as it did the first time I ate here, on a Sunday morning (you've been warned).  One cashier taking orders for groups of Sunday brunchers is simply bad design.  The second time there was no line and ordering was a snap.
Manakeesh's first specialties are Lebanese flat breads covered with various cheese, spice, and/or meat toppings (veggies tend come on the side).  They are like small pizzas without tomato sauce.  Or mozzarella.  The flat breads are baked in a brick oven to a satisfying crispiness.  Other options include good Mediterranean spreads (e.g., hummus) and a meh chicken shwarma (mine was soggy and bland, though at least it had good chicken in it).
Manakeesh's second specialty is desserts.  There are several types of delicious and fresh (!) baklavas and other treats.  Get a combo and try 'em all.  Not all at once though -- even though they're thankfully not cloyingly sweet, they're still sugary.
The staff here is nice and friendly.  The prices are reasonable.  Note that if you want to enjoy your manakeesh with a nice cold pilsner, though, you'll sadly have to take it to go since Manakeesh does not serve alcohol and is DBYOB (*don't* bring your own booze).This is a new type of food to me, Troyes their desserts and food! They were okay, not very surprising, but good to try something newLargest breakfast everrrrrrrrr!! Enough for 3 meals...not to mention the taste was fabulous!... ambiance was fantastic would recommend everyone to come see for themselves!Really tasty, super adorable. Totally packed at 3:00 on a Sunday. Definitely coming back.Food is ok, but prices are way high (for plates $17.xx).
Tables are dirty, floor is worse.
Needs some major cleanup and prices adjustmentsThese stars are for pastry only. Food looked good. WIll have to try it next time.
It is one of the best mamul I have EVER had! Get the plain one, without the powdered sugar. The texture of the pastry surrounding the date paste is extraordinary. I took a bite and just swooned. The other ones were okay too, but the plain one is the best. Also tried the different baklava. Also good and not too sticky sweet. Very nutty.  We tried both pistachio and walnut.Real authentic Lebanese food!
Very tasty Shawarma ... & the Manakeesh are excellent!
The ambience & the seating is nice.Want to give 5 stars for their intended execution, but had to give 4 stars simply because food, while it is delicious, takes a while to come out albeit the low number of customers at that particular time. Proportions are grand. I had their potato and cauliflower wrap while another had a falafel platter. Everything seemed fresh and was definitely tasty. Casual eatery that serves families, solo diners, groups and couples. You can see a few laptops as well. Their adjoining bakery showcases a wide variety of baklava, smoothies, and other goodies (e.g. apricot paste, lebanese coffee, sunflower seeds, middle eastern tea). I intend to visit their cafe next time and try their turkish coffee and pastries.Came here with a Groupon after hearing many good things about Manakeesh.  I'm very open to trying new things so I was excited to see what they had to offer.  For my boyfriend and I, we ordered the half zatar (Thyme, sesame, oil, and sumac blended in a paste) and half labneh (Yogurt cheese spread with fresh veggies and dried mint) manakeesh, and the kafta (Ground beef and lamb w/parsley and onion) manakeesh.  Both were very tasty and had very earthy flavors.  The zatar and labneh was my favorite of the two.  The thyme paste worked so well to compliment  the yogurt cheese spread and I was in love.  
We also ordered a side of baba ghanouj which is a creamy eggplant spread and some pita bread to dip (should have just dipped the manakeesh in it) and three pieces of baklava which is flaky phyllo dough, assorted nuts, and just the right amount of sweetness.  The baba ghanouj was creamy and had a light eggplant flavor.  The baklava was the perfect end to that meal.  Not too sweet but enough sweetness to hold the flaky pastry and the nuts together, plus when I ordered three pieces, the cashier gave me four which sent my heart soaring. =D
Will definitely venture back to try their other types of manakeesh and more of their amazing baklava.I just ate lunch here, and I'm already eagerly looking forward to coming back!
I've been wanting to try this place since the beginning of last year, and I finally made the trek over to 44th and Walnut this morning with a friend who was also curious about the place. 
The place is fairly small, with cute and ethnic decor. Nothing amazing to rave about, but it still had a nice vibe to it. 
I had heard amazing things about the combo flatbread (1/2 za'atar and 1/2 cheese) and so we opted for one of those as well as a falafel platter (which came with a salad, flatbread, hummus, and falafel balls). 
The combo flatbread was to die for. With each bite, I became more and more impressed with the flavorings and perfectly melted cheese. Though the bread was a BIT on the hard side for me (I like my breads warm and softer), the combination of the slightly tangy and flavorful herbs mixed with the warm cheese on the bread was just too good. That, with a couple drops of sriracha sauce added on the top (+definitely recommend doing this!) was perfect.The size of the flatbread was a bit on the smaller side, but for the cheap price I would not complain. 
The falafel platter was a little expensive ($9.25) for the portion size, but the flavors were great in that as well. The hummus was not too subdued (which is one of my biggest pet peeves) and the salad tasted fresh. The falafel balls were amazing as well-- the friend I was eating with claimed that she loved these falafel balls when usually she doesn't like them too much. The texture was my favorite part-- soft on the inside, crispy on the outside. The bread that came as a side with the platter was a bit hard as well-- would have liked it to be softer and fluffier, but it still tasted great with the salad and falafel pieces. However, maybe this is my desire to turn this bread into buttery naan coming into play. 
Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here and am really looking forward to visiting again. I see myself craving the flatbreads often (especially the combo) but other ones I have my sights set on are the hot cheese flatbread and other veggie options. I also have my eye on the desserts!
Will be updating my review with more visits-- could easily see this turning into a 5 star for me.Delicious middle eastern food in a serene setting. The spinach and cheese manakeesh was oozing flavor and it was fun watching it be made. Didn't try the pastries but they looked amazing!My boyfriend lives very close to this place, and I used love it and went regularly. However, then they added a fruit drink place to the original diner and seemed to have changed completely, probably owner change? 
My first experience after their redecoration was awful. The front guy just couldn't get my order right and it took him forever to work with the ordering machine and this situation happened to every single person in the line!!!! The cheesecake I used to love was just not right, way too sour! Forks at the supply station were all gone and I couldn't fine a single waiter to get me one. Bad service!
The only good things were those little sweets in the display window, and they were absolutely delicious.I love this place! First and foremost, the Manakeesh is incredible. I've had the breakfast, tawook and kefta Manakeesh and they have all been exceptional. The bakery is equally good. The baklava and mahmool are baked to perfection with the right amount of sweetness. Staff is super friendly!Lovely place to hang out and chat. Delicious dessert, nice coffee drinks. Didn't try the flatbreads, but they look delicious, and they obviously sell tons of them.Great food and service, arrived close to closing time and one of the workers gave us the chicken shish tawook he was saving for his dinner!! 
They have very good tea and mint lemonade tooI have heard good things about this place and I wanted to check it out. I am new to middle eastern cuisine and I was overwhelmed by the menu. As I was looking at a meal getting prepared, I realized that I wanted exactly what was being made. I wanted to ask the person preparing the meal what exactly that meal was called but I only made it to :"excuse I have a quick question" when I was interrupted immediately with "go ask the girl at the front" (cash register).
A few minutes later when it was my turn to order I asked her what that meal was called but she didn't know because the order was already picked up. A customer then told me that it was a kebob but my order didn't look anything like the one I wanted. The food itself was ok. But I was shocked when I looked behind me and saw a little kid sitting on top of the table with his shoes on, and neither the parents nor the restaurant workers seem to care about it.Once again, another gem in University City/West Philadelphia! I have never been disappointed here, either when ordering strong coffee (regular or Turkish brewed), from the variety of savory flatbreads (topped cheeses or deliciously seasoned meats), or from a mega selection of Lebanese pastries, cookies, and cakes. I would not recommend anything in particular from the sweets, as it seems that your eyes will point you in the right direction. Many cookies are filled with dates, pistachio, or sweet cheeses. Make sure to ask about the fillings! 
Food aside, the atmosphere is very unique. I love the classic decor, and even when crowded, there is a nice sense of spaciousness. Although a coffee shop (and thus UCity hipster-bait), the clientele is eclectic, with families, professionals, students, and just your regular Joe's. Best of all, Marrakesh is open till 10pm!This review is based solely on the fresh baklava served here. There are a variety of flavors (pistachio, almond etc.) The prices are right and the taste is phenomenal! Plan to return for more baklava and to try other items.If you are seating facing the oven with your back to the street, looking at the "Manakeesh" written in Arabic and bite in to your zataar manaeesh, you might actually forget you are in Philly and think you are in a bakery or cafe in Lebanon.  By far the BEST manaeesh we've had in the US.  Tastes exactly like what we'd get in the best bakeries and cafes in Lebanon.  We had to buy a stack to bring home and freeze, it was that good.Was very good!! Loved it Found through yelp always wanted try Lebanese food.,it did not disappoint.Manakeesh is my first Lebanese fusion restaurant and it just knocked my socks off.  The first time I went I had to ask a million questions, and the people behind the counter were patient and helped me order the real deal.  Since then my to-go is the vegetarian combo (za'tar and cheese).  I can't describe the taste really, but the flavor is so aromatic.  The cheese is a fresh mozz, a bit salty, a bit chewy.  There are varieties of desserts, some better than others, and again the people behind the counter can help you.  I also dig the fact that they offer less intimidating dishes for newbies (i.e. egg and cheese).  so filling, so cheap.  I am not a fan of their coffee (because I like mine dangerously strong) but can vouch that their tea may be the best you've ever had.  Grab some friends, get a manakeesh, and share a pot of tea.  Look up the term "neighborhood gem" and you'll find a pic of Manakeesh Cafe Bakery.Great foul, fresh breads, labneh.  place has a nice vibe, despite disposables.  really welcoming folks.We had the mezze and fatte, falafel sandwich, manakeesh and knafe. The falafel was very good, the manakeesh just ok, the fatte was cold and had too much garlic and yogurt, which is not how we do it back home, probably something done in another region. The knafe was very good though.I stumbled upon their '$2 Tuesday smoothies' a few weeks ago: fresh fruit (you pick up to 4 varieties they have on display) and they make it for you with fresh milk and its a 16oz serving. simple and very satisfying and just two bucks! The building is very airy and I love the decor. A decent amount of seating, but I could see it filling up fast at regular meal times.
Today, I had their stuffed grape leaves wrap...wow! The bread was still warm and the ingredients were full of flavor: cucumbers, tomatoes, several stuffed grape leaves, I think hummus and a vinegary/herbal dressing. The wrap itself was under $6 and then the fresh lemonade infused with mint as a beverage was a decadent splurge ($3.25). I am very full and feel good about the nutritional value. 
I am going to try to make it there on a Friday...half price gyros!!I grew up eating tons of Middle Eastern food and really want to find a place to get my fix of it in Philly.  I heard this was the best place around, which doesn't bode well. 
The staff behind the counter move at a snail's pace.  We had to wait 15 minutes in line just to place an order.  I have heard from others that this is typical.  It was hard to find a table as this place feels more like a coffeeshop with people sitting on laptops and working.  There was a big leak in the ceiling and a huge bucket splashing full of water next to us.  The place was chaotic and dirty.
The food was average and expensive for what it was.  I said I would never go back here.  About 6 months later I went to a party with catered Middle Eastern food.  It was really, really good.  Turns out is was from Manakeesh.  Shocking.  Perhaps it tastes better when you are not in a dirty, slow, cramped environment?This place is phenomenal. The place itself is pretty, staff extremely friendly and polite and food is fantastic. Prices are great too. Coffee is fresh. Desserts are outstanding. Places like these make west philadelphia livable.Manakeesh is almost a great place, and then something or the other happens every time I'm there that makes it less than awesome. They've got a really lovely space in West Philly, and even though I personally think that Saad, which is across the street has more authentic food, if I'm going to sit down, then I end up going to Manakeesh.
It's got a pretty nice outdoor seating area, and the food's not bad if you order the right thing... (hummus is A+, and the zaatar and labneh are actually comparable to the kind I'd get back home in Dubai). But the service is all just so out of it? Like... is it everyone's first day at work or something?? It's kind of frustrating. But I guess if you're doing take-out or you don't mind the loopiness, it's a good place. And the outdoor seating really is quite lovely.Phenomenal! Great portions and prices! Fresh ingredients. Food and juice made to order. Can't get enough of it!Great spot to chat and eat with friends. The food is delish. The salads are awesome and the ground lamb on flatbread is filling and tasty. I am such a fan of the Really Reel Ginger drinks, too.Manakeesh is pure & simple a classic on the Philly food scene. This Lebanese bakery and caf has been around for a long time and hopefully will be around for a long time to come.  All the on-the-spot baked manakeeshes that they serve are the best I have ever tasted. You can't go wrong with whichever one you order. On this visit I had the cheese and zatar combo - totally delicious!  And from the bakery I ended the meal with a delicious shamiyyat with pistachio on top. All this in a wonderfully spacious and comfortable atmosphere (I think the building was a bank in it's former life) with service provided by a friendly staff.  In warmer weather there's even an outdoor caf to the side of the building to enjoy your Lebanese treats while you do your homework or surf the internet. No wonder Manakeesh is so popular!Just went with a friend last week. We ordered, and the wait was kind of long, but it was absolutely worth it for the food we got. They have an open gas oven where they make their flatbreads. I got the beef shawarma, which had great pickled vegetables on it and the shawarma itself was amazing. I also got an iced chai, which unlike so many other places, actually tasted like chai. I just bought the deal currently available as I write this because I'm definitely going back.The desserts at Manakeesh are very good but pricey.  I especially like the date ones.
This is the first place I had manakeesh, which is like a flatbread pizza with different toppings -- some flavours I like better than others, so I definitely want to try some more.This has got to be one of my favorite places in Philly. They cook the bread fresh right in front of you, and the staff are all amazingly friendly and helpful. I cannot recommend Manakeesh highly enough. Definitely try any of the flatbreads, with the za'tar and labnah as big favorites.Think you like Baklava? Think you've had the best Baklava ever? Think all other Middle Eastern desserts are bland and some how overwhelmed by honey? 
You're wrong...and Manakeesh Cafe will prove you so.
Baklava comes in several varieties including pistachio, peanut and other nut. Each tastes different from the previous. Each is sweetened disparately from its sibling. Each is unique...like you.
The Macaron cookies are fun - they too come in more flavors than you'd care to imagine...from white chocolate to coconut to lemon to orange. The cookie is melty as it should be, and the filling is airy enough to fly away.
Then there are other middle eastern cookies that you've never heard of, nor could you pronounce the names of. Try them. They're unique. There's one filled with jam, another loaded with powdered sugar...all of them have a sort of melt-in-you-mouth goodness.My best friend and I went to Manakeesh for the first time today and we absolutely loved it. The staff was very friendly and showed us how the menu worked. We ordered lamb flatbread, tiramisu, and lemonade (with 1 free refill!) for $15. 
The decor was soothing and a lovely refuge against the summer heat. I will definitely go there again and again to try more of their dishes.
NOTE: The store is closed on Fridays from 1-2:30 for evening prayer.My wife and I love this place. The selection is kinda limited (what will you be having? the desserts or the flatbreads?), but everything is tasty. The friendly chef knows us as well, and always gives us some free sweets to try every time we come by. If you come here for anything though, make sure you try the baklava - it's the best that I've ever had.First time enjoying Lebanese pastries, za tar and Turkish coffee. Definitely would go back again and try the Crepes and smoothies from the bakery next door.   This is one of my favorite things about living in Philadelphia because I am exposed to experience cuisines from all over the world. :)