I recently had the pre fixe meal for $22 and I enjoyed the combination of tastes on my plate. The chicken was moist my veggies were tasty but a little too greasy....overall is was a great meal. 
I also use them for take out/delivery. I have always enjoyed the way the package their food, in plastic containers that I use over and over again until they look too worn out and I recycle them. I hate take out places that use so much boxes and cups and card board - it's extremely eco-unfriendly. 
The food here is never spectacular but is a good standby you will always come away enjoying. The prices seem a little steep but the restaurant atmosphere is contemporary, the service has always been splendid and the food is dependable.Great atmosphere, service was very friendly and prices were very reasonable however I found the food a bit bland, not bad just bland. My husband and I were starving after a long drive to Philly and this filled the spot but it wasn't overly enjoyable and we most likely won't be back.Really disappointed. I've been to the Marathon at 18/Spruce and had excellent service, drinks and food. Thought that would transfer to this location - not at all.
To sum it up, our server was extremely energetic, but not in a good way. More like a frantic energy. I was there to enjoy a few drinks and dinner with a friend who was visiting (AKA looking to spend money AKA you will get a larger tip if you let us stay longer) and we were rushed out. Server brought boxes for food we were still eating, without asking if we wanted them. A few minutes later he physically put the food in the boxes at the tableside while mumbling something like "I don't like food sitting on the table." .....we didn't even want to take it home. Next, when we said we were having another friend join for another round or two of drinks he told us we couldn't stay at the booth we were at and we needed to go to the bar. What? I point blank asked him if he was kicking us out of the booth and he said "yes!" energetically. There was no one waiting for tables and there were numerous open tables/booths around the restaurant. I felt extremely uncomfortable and wanted to leave immediately. Our friend joined after all this happened, and when the server came over to ask if they wanted a drink, he seemed surprised when we told him we were just going to leave. YOU LITERALLY just told us we couldn't sit at this table any longer!! We then left.
I worked in restaurants for a long time and I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to restaurant service. I was not pleased at all during this visit.
On another note, the food was not that great.I like their salads, tea, and french fries! The servers were great...I've been here a few times and I'd come back!Sandwiches are great here!  They have a decent menu with a variety of food types. Lunch time gets crowded, but that's downtown Philly.  The jambalaya was tasty and just the right amount of kick.  I'd definitely go back.I really enjoy this place. Lots of healthy options and I love the blueberry pie!  I always stop in after a day of shopping and haven't been disappointed yet!I remember when this was the place - many moons ago. Now, though the portions are large, the menu is dated. Not a bad place to grab a quick bite, but I'm uncertain whether I'd linger.Straight to the point: the service, the one dish I ordered and the inside was very inviting, my hamburger was made perfectly like I like it. The restaurant is really nice and they have good drinks.. No complaintsWe consider Marathon to be Philly's diner. Yummy comfort food at a good price. Tonight, sweetheart loved the matzo ball soup, which is 5-star. I really enjoyed the turkey plate with mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce.  Sweetheart's salmon salad had a lot of yummy ingredients, but the salmon was a bit dry. Marathon is a perfect go-to spot for basic foods that I could make at home, if I cared to cook!All over good food. Not super fancy, but I have never had something there that I did not like. 
Recommended items: 
Marathon Burger
Basil Lemonade (alcoholic)
Dark and Stormy (alcoholic)
Vegetarian Chili (awesome!!)
Fire-roasted salsa
Crispy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich
Southwest Salad
Great place to get a decently priced meal and is easy to get into any day of the week.Eh, disappointing food. I saw this place got busy during lunch hour so gave a shot during weekday lunch. 
Place was busy and I saw people getting salad with salmon so I got that one as well. 
My salmon was dry... And lukewarm. Definitely didn't enjoyed my protein. I had only one visit so I can't speak for all but my salad wasn't fresh either that day. Sandwiches on other tables looked good though. That was my first and only trip to Marathon.i've always avoided this place because it seemed played out, but i was extremely surprised yesterday when i popped in for lunch!  the summer market salad with grilled corn was TO DIE for.  it was fresh as can be with  a light balsamic glaze.  the iced tea was also really good, slightly fruity, and the prices were very reasonable.  i'll be back!This is a review for all of the Marathons that exist or have ever existed in Philly. I am pretty sure I have been to all of them over the past 7 years, from West Philly, to Rittenhouse Square, to the oceans - white with foammmmm.
Overall, the food is really nothing special. I somehow just always end up here for lunches because it's just...there. Now there are fewer locations so hopefully this won't keep happening to me.
The main positive of the menus is that there are a lot of healthy options. They have light salads, soups, even quinoa dishes, so there is always plenty to choose from. I normally get the Salmon Burger, which is nice, but I can definitely make this at home. Writing this review is making me feel dumb for going here so many times!We came for a casual brunch out, and found this joint to be a pretty okay place. When we arrived at around 12:40, it was lively and full but not too crowded - no wait. The menu has plenty of tasty options that aren't too pricey. I ordered the Marathon Breakfast which is a great option if you want some bang for your buck. It came with one two egg omelet, toast, potatoes and two pancakes. Pancakes on the larger side and very tasty. Toast a little too crisp but the eggs and potatoes just right. The service was fast and friendly. I'd go for a round two.I stopped by when visiting town for 2 nights . I ate the chicken pot pie which wasn't really chicken pot pie but the insides with a bit of pie crust. Nonetheless it was good. It came part of a 3 course dinner for 20 bucks. I liked the atmosphere and the service was friendly . Just the perfect portion that I didn't feel too stuffed afterwards . I'd go back .Went here for brunch yesterday while visiting from out of town. Waited over an hour for our food, when tables who arrived after us were served. Our server Brandon was nice but I would have really appreciated him just checking in, explaining what the problem was, or simply apologizing for the ridiculous wait time. After all that, my smoked salmon Benedict was almost inedible.  English muffin that was twice as big as what was on top of it, a tablespoon of shredded salmon with wilted spinach, and the sorriest excuse for hollandaise sauce I have ever seen. The menu indicted a Dijon hollandaise but this was the consistency of water. So thin and watery I couldn't even taste it. I never do this, but I actually considered sending it back... But Brandon never asked how our food was. Only giving two stars because my sisters turkey burger was pretty good.Ive been here twice now.
Both times with my boyfriend and we enjoyed it very much.
I got the tortellini with mushrooms and it was scrumptious. My BF for the veg chili and the southwestern salad with Avocado.
Heads up for the Vegetarians out there that stay away from Soy, there veggie burger does have soy in it other wise I would have tried it.
I had ice tea and my guy got the blueberry lemonade. Our server "Erin" was really sweet and refilled my ice tea about a 100 times which I appreciated. It was lunch time and I go through my ice teas. I really liked that it was never empty. 5 starts go out to Erin with the awesome service,
The next time we wen for lunch again and we got the Gazpacho (a special) and the southwestern salad again. we were splitting everything and it was a really great gesture when the salads came out already split. Nice touch!Drinks need to be revamped. Very light on the fruit taste. 
The food was excellent. Had the burger and the city sandwich. Both were very good.Went with with one other person for Sunday brunch.  We were seated right away.  The staff was friendly and we got our food fairly quickly.  The breakfast was delicious and the perfect amount.  I would go back again.The food at Marathon is fine. I ordered an above average turkey club with basil aioli on toasted sourdough bread which I thoroughly enjoyed.
The reason I'm mentioning this place is because the server had enough smarts to recommend the CHOCOLATE MOUSSE.
Chocolate mousse? How good could it be at this restaurant? She said trust me and I said ok. She was right. It is quite possibly the most decadent, rich, dense, chocolatey (thanks to the extra chocolate chips) concoction I've ever experienced and easily the best chocolate mousse I've ever had at a restaurant.
If you're into chocolate mousse, go here and order it. And thank me later.I was super disappointed by our server and my appetizer plate. Don't get the sampler. But I've liked other things here before so on average I'd give it 3 starsCame here for brunch on a Sunday morning. They were able to sit a group of ~10 without a reservation which was a nice surprise. The coffee was delicious and very strong! I got an egg white omelette where I chose my own toppings, and it was delicious. Fresh tomatoes, jalapeños, etc and a generous portion of goat cheese! Server was very friendly, and split our check a million ways with a smile.I love marathon! I have been in here few times and every time, I never had trouble waiting for a table or not getting anything below perfect! The prices are super reasonable and the menu selection is very diverse!Had a surprisingly delicious tofu breakfast scramble. Good service, chill atmosphere. In a sea of Rittenhouse cheese steaks, this was a nice relief.We got there, the place was nice, nice environment, but had a little bit of a diner feel to it (because of the layout).. but then the sign that signals good food... Local Police. Once we saw local police were eating there, it was a sign that this was a good establishment.
Foot was cooked perfectly. Everything was delicious and it was reasonably priced, especially considering we were in the city center. 
Great selection for everyone.Sunday brunch. Waited for the server to acknowledge me and take my order. Waited quite a while for my adequate food. Waited for my check. Won't be back.The 10th street location used to be a staple for taking guests out to lunch while at Jefferson. It's a shame it is gone but hopefully Square Peg can pick up where Marathon left off. 
Luckily there is still this location serving about the same menu. One of my teams  had a gift card that was long overdue to take advantage of so we set out here for lunch. Unfortunately they do not take reservations for groups at lunch so the 9 of us had to roll the dice. It was packed so the best they could do was two back to back booths after a 15 minute wait. This wasn't so bad except in the back left hand corner there is a ton of noise coming from behind a faux wall (that gets hot also) with dish washing in full effect. 
Nonetheless our service was great as we spent about 1.5 hours here. I had a 16 hour brisket sandwich special of the day that was delicious as the fries are nice and crispy. A solid plate for $10 but in general the menu does not have anything to get too excited about. Most of the other people got salads on this hot day which all looked tasty and fresh too. 
I would recommend this place for someone looking for a solid sit down lunch in Center City, but probably not for a true foodie.Good for a casual family place. For children - pancakes were a big hit!!!  Mac and cheese was spicy and cheesy for their taste.  Alcoholic drinks were fine.  I loved the salmon sandwich with Caesar salad.  Salmon was moist and yummy.  Light, tangy dressing.  And not too heavy.  Chicken fingers were dry.  .  Kale salad and an oriental like salad were big hits.  
Friendly service.  Well attended.  Comfortable.Marathon was ok, but nothing spectacular.  They have a nice $20 for a 3-course dinner deal, which made it extremely affordable.  However, I opted for Chicken Noodle Soup and the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  The veggies in the soup were cooked perfectly, as were the noodles and chicken.  However, the soup had no flavor and there was too little noodles, veggies and chicken to the amount of broth.  The chicken sandwich was delicious though.  I also had the spiked apple cider, warm, but it wasn't that great.  Service was ok, but I wanted to order my soup first so that the sandwich wouldn't come out too quickly.  My waiter assured me to put in my whole order and they would time it appropriately, but as I suspected I was only two spoonfuls into my soup when my sandwich came.  Overall, ok, but nothing more.Nothing special but open late Sunday night and I like that they try to source everything from local farms.
With my blackened chicken sandwich (which was really good) I got fries, though I asked for a salad.  I overlooked this because the fries were also really good.I got food poisoning after eating at this restaurant. I would recommend avoiding it at all costs.My friend visting from California and I both tried the grass fed cheesesteak sandwiches, they were definitely a lot less greasy than a conventional steak, but  kinda bland in terms of flavor and a bit of a let down for my friend who was attempting to try her first true Philly cheesesteak.. the caesar salad served with them was OK, but not too exciting. interesting cocktails (albeit $10 each) are available, I tried dark and snappy it was pretty good.. however the cheesesteak wontons are a must try in my humble opinion!!! just a small appetizer plate but they are great. waitress was very friendly, service was very good, she was full of advice for us. the interior is clean and the environment pretty pleasant.No service, waited 20 minutes for someone to approach the table. When asked if there was service I received a shrug from the host.I really love this place. They have a ton of healthy options and the service is excellent every time I come. I am a vegan, and there are delicious appetizers, salads, and more that I can custom order to make work for my diet. Great locations throughout the city as well. Love coming here!The restaurant is okay. Came here with a group on the school's wallet, so I can't comment on how much the food was. It seemed fairly reasonable. Nothing was all that memorable, service and portions were decent. It's a bit removed from the group of restaurants by Rittenhouse, so it's a bit unfortunate that it has a mediocre location. 
I do want to note that the banana bread pudding for dessert was very delicious! Would order that again if I ever come back!Marathon does not seem like a five-star restaurant on the surface, but when you dig deep and go there regularly, you realizw why.  The food is so delicious and so consistent there. Never a surprise. Their salads, sandwiches, and brunch items are some of my favorites in the city. Screw Stephen Starr and Jose Garces. A great home-cooked meal awaits you at Marathon!For brunch only - was never impressed by the service, however the place was really always packed. tip - if you are in a group of two sit at the bar, others you'll be eating your brunch way too close to some random people. They pack them in like sardines. Omelettes were always solid and toast was well done. A good option if you are hungover and need some fast grub.I come here only when absolutely necessary. It is busy however when it is not the service goes way way down. It is as if the wait staff knows who will give them a good tip and who will not and serve accordingly. I know I never enjoy my food here even if it is good. My tips usually at least 22% but always end up giving around 15%. I guess when you are a landmark you can do fuc all and still be busy.I've come here for drinks and brunch as well, and both times I feel like I was more impressed with the ambiance than the place itself. For drinks we were sat at the bar and had decent conversation, but the bartender was not very attentive, and sadly drinks were just poured ok, and for about $10-12 a pop, I expected more. 
For brunch, the girls and I came in to mend a bachelorette party hangover and were sat right away and thought, fabulous! Sadly our loaded grilled cheeses (bacon, avocado, egg, cheese on sour dough bread) took an ETERNITY!!! I literally had 2 cups of coffee and still nothing. Our waiter checked on us only one time and we had to flag him down to give us our check as well as to take it. Yes, I get that brunch is busy, but we got there when there was no wait at 10 am, and ordered really simple items....all three of us actually ordered the SAME thing!
Thankfully prices are not crazy,  very reasonable for brunch at about $10 a plate, we sadly were not even able to order a mimosa because our waiter was too busy, but alas, we did have a good sandwich with really fabulous potatoes. I would return, because the food was delicious, but most likely when I'm not starving.Great turkey burger. I would've taken a photo but I ate it too fast. I will go back for breakfast tomorrow.I ordered the turkey chilli and it was sold out. I was so disappointed. My meal consisted of mashed butternut squash, lots of carrots and very tender beef. It was bland! It could of used a bit more seasoning. I had the lemon pound cake for dessert...it was delicious!!!! 1 scoop of ice cream was all i needed. Now the service was okay. The table guy was more attentive to us than our waitress, but i will say she had a lot of tables. We basically had no drink with our meal.Marathon is Marathon is Marathon is Marathon.
This one is not really all that different in terms of food, though the flank steak sandwich special was super yummy (albeit priiiiiicy at 16.95). 
Normally, though, I've known Marathon to have particularly crappy service. Our waitress was fan-effing-awesome. As a former server I can say with authority that she did everything she could to make it a good night. It wasn't too crowded which maybe helped a little. Two of us decided to split a salad and an entree and she had them both put into smaller separate plates, instead of having to pass back and forth. There was a mix up with one of the sandwiches and she brought out fries to tide my friend over. AND she totally humored a group of 9 girls and took pictures for us. 
If you go to this Marathon, request Jessica. She rocked my socks. And the steak sandwich was pretty good, too.I like the *idea* of Marathon more than I actually like going there. I have a weekly appt near this place and tried going here afterwards for some readin' and eatin' (aka "I have no friends and am by myself and hunnnngry"). I almost always order the chicken salad sandwich with a side salad and it's tasty, for sure. Everything is fresh and all that. But it's not food-gasmic, you know? Also, I know this shouldn't be a complaint, but the service is too fast. I like to sit and wait a while and here I feel rushed, which ruins the lazy late lunch vibe I'm trying to get going.A couple of friends and I met here for brunch on a Sunday morning. It was completely lackluster. My eggs with lox and capers was okay and the hash browns were greasy. My friend ordered the French toast with berries; the berries turned out to be jam. The only real positive is that we were seated quickly. With so many great places in the city to go for brunch, I don't think I'll be coming back.I've been to this Marathon several times and had great service but yesterday was awful. We were seated pretty promptly but then had to wait 10 min before our waitress came over to take our order. She was short with us and hardly said a word. We waited 40 mins for our food and she never checked on us once. We had to ask two other people where our food was. Several people came in after us, got their food and had already left by the time we got ours. The food was great as always. I'm not sure if he was the manager but one of the guys working there said our meal was one him. If it weren't for that, I probably would never go back.I hadn't been to this Marathon in about 2 years. Since then the prices have risen but I found the service is better than it used to be. I will not be returning though.  I had forgotten my green card and they were unable to give me points for the two expensive breakfasts I had. It's not worth the price anymore. I will go back to frequenting Le pain quotidien. It has less options but the food is organic, tastes better and about the same price now!Had takeout from Marathon.
Meatloaf was pretty tasty.  Solid.
Turkey plate was hard to eat.  Actually, I didn't want any more after trying a bite.  Turkey was overcooked and dry.  Stuffing was overly salty.  Maybe the turkey didn't travel well for takeout, although overcooked is still overcooked whenever you serve it.
Somewhere between 2 & 3 stars.A group of us stopped in for a light bite and some drinks. We just so happen to get here during their happy hour (which ends at 7:00pm - very nice). Between four of us, we had the app sampler, matzoh ball soup, mac and cheese and two rounds of drinks. The Marathons throughout the city are a good for American food and drinks; don't expect anything above average. The food was fine, nothing groundbreaking. Ditto on service. 
I do have to note this (which I hate): their bathrooms need work ASAP. The first bathroom did not have a working lock; I had to make sure I had a friend to guard the door. The second bathroom's toilet did not work well. Their soap was watery. While I was waiting for my friend in the bathroom, I saw a cockroach! eek! I know it's the city, but still... I think I will stick with drinks only.Went here with friends on a Thursday evening and really enjoyed the atmosphere. The waitress seemed a bit off in answering some questions about the menu, but I will say everything came out decent. I got the grilled salmon and it was yummy, and my sister got the Marathon burger which she raved over. Drinks were a little slow, but it was pretty crowded. All in all I'd come back, just maybe on a less crowded night.Came here before Hurricane Irene hit for a quick brunch.  Was visiting for the weekend and this placed looked busy, so why not?!
We were seated and the waitress came to take our order soon. Banana brioche french toast with dulce de leche sauce for about 10 bucks and salmon benedict for 11.50, with a side of fruit salad for 4.50.
Shortly after we were seated, the manager that morning asked to move us to a nearby booth, as he was expecting a large wedding party. We didn't mind, and even better, he said that he would take care of our breakfast for our helpfulness.
The food was standard brunch fare, but what really stuck out was the banana brioche french toast with the dulce de leche. My boyfriend was crying as he ate it. Crying.
I was just so impressed with the customer service. Definitely would come back for a quick bite to eat.Why is there not an option to give 0 stars? There should be.
WHY WHY WHY WHY would people come here to spend money? Every time I see this restaurant packed with people, I just wanna go in there & scream "LEAVE before you taste their horrible horrible icky overpriced food!" & then steal their cute little wooden tables/chairs that they have for outdoor seating. I first went here for brunch. I ordered the eggs benedict which wasn't too bad at all until my food started to get colder, I could finally taste how salty it was. Gross.
The second time I came here with my sister, just to grab a couple appetizers to hold our appetites until dinner. The waiter was very friendly & kind. He suggested the vegetarian chili & the artichoke dip. First off, never again get vegetarian chili. Chili is not chili without the beef. Also Marathon, if you would, could you please kindly SEASON your food? The artichoke dip was gross also. Artichokes in ranch dressing? Seriously? Whatever. I could have made a better dip myself.
NEVER ever again. UGH.WOW!!! The name says it all what a MARATHON!!!The wait time to get your order is ridiculous!!! Waited over 30 minutes and the excuse was "We had a large party" how is that MY fault???Food is very average. Won't be back!! Offered dessert for the trouble, then when we ordered we were informed we could only get one dessert.  Humm... There were 2 in our party. Not a good experience, 
don't bother. There are far better restaurants in Philly to try!The food was fine, once we got it. The service was very, very slow. Many tables of people who came later than us were served before us.Great place. We had excellent 4 star vegetarian chili, a turkey club and a Caesar salad. Service was good and we will definitely eat there again.I was craving a salad, but I wanted a specific kind of salad.  A friend recommended we try Marathon.  I saw the menu and found a few salads that looked good.  Then, when we sat down, they handed us the "control freak" menu.  There are a few categories (burgers, salads, etc.).  In the salad section, there is a list of greens, veggies, and various ingredients/toppings/cheeses.  I was able to design the very salad I wanted: mixed greens, grilled veggies, feta cheese.  It was fabulous!  
I went back another day for a hearty, yummy burger.  The fries were fresh-cut potatoes.  
Marathon might become one of my favorite spots in Philly.  I'm a sucker for fresh, well-prepared food.  It need not be fancy.Brunch at this place is the best!  Salmon scramble was so good as were all of the accompanying items.  Also tried the blueberry marscapone stuffed french toast, which was just as good!  It wasn't too sweet, great flavor.  I will be back here often!Great place downtown for brunch. The marathon burger was amazing, but the bacon is as well and Id recommend a side of that with any dish. The breakfast burrito was great as well. They play great tunes as well. They lost a star only because the coffee was on the weaker side.Got takeout from here for lunch. I had the Housemade Veggie Burger with a Caesar salad and a brownie for dessert. The burger was DELICIOUS!!!! Prices were reasonable. I will come again for that burger.This place should be called Crawl, not Marathon.  While the food is decent and the prices are reasonable, the speed of the service was beyond slow. 
My friend and I walked past Marathon after going to the Kimmel Center.  The menu looked good and the prices were surprisingly reasonable for the area, so we stopped in.  The atmosphere was welcoming: imagine steakhouse meets fair trade coffee shop (I know that's a hard atmosphere to conjure, but I swear it's the most accurate). Warm but focused on natural woods and cool lighting but you can tell they definitely serve meat ...
Anyway, the menu was basic Americana - burgers, salads, sandwiches, and a couple of more expensive entrees. Here's where things got a little rocky.  Our server was painfully unaware of what their rotating drafts were (I'm sorry, but telling someone it's a Yards does not describe the beer ...) and it took at least 15 minutes to get our drinks after ordering (we each got a beer on tap). After we got our drinks and ordered it took another 30 minutes to get our food which was a burger and crab cakes. The food was solid and the sweet potato fries were quite delicious but just not worth the wait.
Overall, this place was just mediocre and probably not worth seeking it out given all the other options around.I just did lunch takeout and was very happy.  Friendly and fast service - even with the in-dining area packed.  Only had to wait 5 minutes for my matzo ball soup and beet salad special. Soup was great and I LOVE the beet salad.  Hoping they add to their standard menu.CALL AHEAD FOR SEATING ESPECIALLY FOR BRUNCH. Luckily we did this for our large group and we did not have to wait for a table. We had a group of 9 and they were able to put tables together easily. The location is also handicap accessible as our group had one member in a wheelchair. One note though is it is next to impossible to get someone in a wheelchair to their bathrooms. If you are on crutches or more mobile, you should be good to go. 
The food was excellent and so were the mimosas, however, do not come here for brunch if you are in a hurry. It took about 40 minutes for our food to arrive after ordering. If you are alone, it is possible you will have a faster turn around but not guaranteed. Don't say I didn't warn you. 
The reason I do not leave 5 stars is due to there only being two non gender single bathrooms, the bathrooms not being wheelchair accessible, and the excessive wait for our food.4 stars?  I know, I'm as surprised as you are.  I've been to a few other Marathons around town, and left disappointed every time.   I protested when this place came up as an option, but hunger won in the end and ended up there for lack of other options.  
The service was spotty, and at least three people broke/dropped dishes while I was there.  My steak salad with arugula, fennel, gorgonzola and a table by the window made up for it.  
2 people, one soup and two salads for $26.  Marathon survives another day in my book.My go to brunch spot. Also the only brunch place that seems to be open before 11 am. Such a great neighborhood spot to grab a quick dinner also. All the food is great that I have tried. Great happy hour also with cheap drink prices. I love their create your own salads. They can get pricey but they are really good. And who doesnt love $5 mimosas?So accommodating to the kids.... great food... great kids menu... nice waitress...all around good experience!Went here twice this past weekend, once for a late dinner and once for brunch. The dinner was pretty good...food was enjoyed by all (despite taking an unreasonable amount of time to arrive), decent drink selections, fair to middling service. This was when the six of us were just about the only party there. I'd chalked the slowness up to it being late so maybe they were short staffed or in the middle of cleaning. It wasn't a big deal then because we were content to lounge around for a while. Brunch today was another story. I called twenty minutes before we were to eat to see if they could accommodate a party of eight. They said no problem, and would be awaiting our arrival. We get there and the host said the table still wasn't ready but he'd make sure we were seated soon. He did nothing of the sort. Rather, he went ahead and sat no fewer than three small parties (which had arrived after us, naturally) at large tables while we stood there taking up space. After we'd been there for twenty five minutes, with not so much as a glance from the host, someone leaving the restaurant came up to one of us and said "Just leave now, the service is obviously terrible and the food is even worse." So we turned around and went to the Continental instead. Which was lovely.Decent quality food. Their vegetable and grain salad is my favorite.
Their burger is OK. Nothing terrible, nothing to write home about.
Fabulous service! I've ordered To Go here and on the premises and both times, they've been great.
I do want to go back to check out their Happy Hour/bar scene.I ran a marathon to get here ;) 
jk I only walked like 3 blocks. 
Usually it's always crowded but today my friend and I were lucky enough to get a seat. The food is great and so are the prices. Servers are very kind and welcoming.Ambience: a panera is cozier
Food: burger was great (probably overpriced) and the caesar was lackluster
Service: just okay
Go or don't go: eat anywhere else- Philly offer so many other wonderful choicesWe only had one breakfast here, but it was good, came quickly, and was a good value for money. I don't know why this place isn't reviewing better. The waitress and hostess were cheerful and competent, and that's as good as it gets.Stopped in for a quick drink and a bite to eat and had one of the worst experiences of customer service since moving to Philadelphia.  We sat at the bar and there was no bartender.  The others at the bar were also just sitting around with waters waiting on a bartender to show up.  When the bartender did show up, he was unfriendly, spoke quietly and acted annoyed when we repeated questions.  It took 3 tries to get a food/drink list out of the bartender and then the bartender disappeared again. After 15 minutes, and one extremely overpriced beer, we left cash on the top and bailed.  
My review may be limited to the bar, but other servers saw a bunch of patrons waiting at the bar and none of them did anything.  Even a manager came by and asked us where the bartender was, as if we would be able to provide that answer.  Horrible service all around...do yourself a favor and skip this place and enjoy dinner and drinks at the wide variety of other locations in this area that care about you being there and not about the football game on in the background.  The only reason I gave it a 2 star is because the food looked interesting.Hits and misses but honestly I come for the ambience and vibes. Also the fries are good and it's a awesome place to chillI went there today and was disappointed that a woman at the front register had a cough and used a paper towel to grab spinach for my smoothie. She did not wash her hands. 
Needless to say I threw the smoothie away and it wasn't even blended completely. I will not be returning to this establishment. 
Sick employees should not work around food!I think the thing that really impressed me about this place is the bang-for-your-buck factor. The food, while not extravagant, is very good, and it's less expensive than other restaurants of similar quality. My wife and I have been a couple of times and have had similar experiences each time.Every time my husband and I visit Philly this is our go to breakfast place... Love the salmon goat cheese omelette! However this past time the server wasn't as on point as the others we've had took almost as long for her to bring us our check as it did to eat our food... However these things happen and I'm sure we'll return next time in town!food is pretty good especially the turkey platter (thanksgiving dinner) and the meat loaf .service is fast i am in and outNice spot in center city. The food is good, but the place is usually crowded and noisy. If you're ok with being in a noisy place, the food is really good so it's worth it.  I recommend you the quiche. It has good flavors and texture.Why are there five of these downtown?  
Anyway, I went with a large group (20ish) for dinner around 6pm on a weekday.  There were maybe 7 other people eating when we showed up.  Thanks to reservations we were seated promptly and drinks soon arrived.  Food however, took an eternity.  I understand you want to bring everyone's dinner out at the same time and some idiot orders something special to slow it down, but it still took a while for our fairly simple orders.
Luckily our waiter was a nice guy and very attentive.  And while our food was decent, I think it was mainly hunger that drove me to eat every morsel.  The options on the menu looked fantastic, but no one really raved about the taste at the end.Since my friend lives right down the street, we came here for Sunday brunch.  We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table which wasn't too bad.  We both ordered the Breakfast Quesadilla and shared the Short Stack Pancakes.  I loved the idea of the Breakfast Quesadilla and it was very yummy.  The pancakes were nothing to write home about.  This is a fairly inexpensive place for quality food and I did not feel like I was rushed to finish my food like I do at other crowded brunch places.We ate here twice for breakfast and I'd say it's ordinary at best.  The first time I had pancakes and a side of sausage.  The pancakes were fluffy enough and not bad, but with the butter and syrup and not so great sausage I felt like it was just plain old diner food.  The next time I had eggs, I believe called the Marathon special or some such thing.  Eggs came prepared OK, sunny side up, but again nothing to get too excited over or all that special.
The wait staff seemed somewhat complacent, friendly, but not overly into the job.  Both times the restaurant had some customers, but not all that many.
For breakfast on the run, perhaps OK, but otherwise find somewhere that steps it up a bit.Eggs Benedict fresh and served hot.and fast -omlet perfect size 
With good portion of home fries. Wait staff excellent attentive and anticipates your needs.What can I say? Because this place is on route to going home, it might as well be my kitchen only without running back and forth to the refrigerator and freezer with ease to fix something to eat. This Marathon has a magnetic atmosphere that just pulls you in. I've sat and watched people walk past it only to come back because they wanted to enter the busy, electric atmosphere it give off.
I've been coming here since its opened and have seen many servers and staff member come and go. One of them being a friend of mine and former coworker that I met while we worked at a cafe in Germantown together years ago.
 How about that huh? So having been a server before, I know how I want to be served and the service here is quick and prompt but sometimes rushed and impersonal but as I continue to make my frequent appearances certain servers become more and more friendlier depending on the time of day I go in. 
The day I went in I ordered a chocolate milkshake and the cheese-steak rolls which gave me a quick protein boost until I got home for the real kitchen food. 
I always have a pleasant experience here with the sights and sounds going on there is never a boring or sleepy moment here.I've been here twice now, and am definitely a fan. Last night I ordered the grilled soy ginger salmon with roasted veggies and couscous. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the perfect flavor. The vegetables consisted of asparagus, carrots, and zucchini which were all crisp. I was surprised to get such a great dish for under $16. Service was surprisingly quick for a Saturday night, my table of 5 was in an out in a little over an hour.Stopped in for some apps and drinks before an event near by. It was three perfect starting spot with an upbeat vibe. Seemed like others may have had the same idea. Luckily we were in time for happy hour so we took advantage of the drink specials. Our server was on top of our refills and made sure we were taken care of even though we didn't order full meals. The appetizer sampler was a good choice bc of the variety. Everything we had was tasty but not overly amazing. It did the job though! I also liked the matzoh ball soup. Reasonable prices and a plenty to choose from. 
As my friend mentioned in another review, bathrooms could use some work. 
I wouldn't hold that against them though and would still return for a fun night out!The take-out counter ladies and gents are the nicest. Always quick with a recommendation, and they haven't steered me wrong yet. I'm grateful for their assistance.Grilled Salmon with Asparagus & Mashed Potatoes exquisitely prepared!I've been the this Marathon a few times for breakfast. It was crowded but we didn't have to wait too long for a table. The service was good and friendly. I loved the southwestern breakfast wrap and the parfait was awesome. Not to mention the delicious bloody marys, also :)
The breakfast was such satisfaction, I can't wait to go for dinner soon!Unfortunately, this restaurant has lost all of my future business after tonight's experience. I ordered the vegetable capellini and was initially enjoying the meal, until I noticed something extremely hard and unchewable in my mouth. To my surprise, when I spit it out it was a triangular piece of thick, sharp plastic, just shy of the size of a dime. I was speechless and in shock, so my husband took the initiative and called over our waitress. To her credit, she immediately sent the manager over to our table. However, as shocked as I was by the plastic in my meal, I was even more shocked by the manager's response. While he did ask if I was ok, he did not utter a word of apology, nor did he offer to comp my meal. When I asked him what the plastic was from and why it was in my meal, he replied, "I don't know -- it could have come from a lot of things."  Excuse me? Why are there so many things it could have come from?? Is there no quality control in the kitchen? While he did bring me a new dish, I had lost my appetite by that point, and was still skeptical as to how I could be sure there would be no plastic in this one (his blind assurance was not helpful). I took the leftovers, because I hate wasting food, but I don't know if I'll be able to bring myself to eat them. I do know one thing, though -- on principle, I will not return to a restaurant with such poor quality control and management.Sometimes I am an adventurous eater. I want something innovative, something different, somewhere trendy. But most of the time, I just want to choose food that tastes good from a menu with reasonable variety and prices. Marathon is my go-to spot for that kind of meal - especially for brunch! 
Offerings at Marathon are pretty basic. You've got burgers, you've got sandwiches, you've got salads. At brunch you've got French toast and eggs Benedict and omelets. Nothing that is going to blow your mind. The food quality is very consistent, I've never received a wrong order, and service has always been helpful and attentive. I particularly like their "create your own" options - make your own salad, your own omelet, your own burger. They've got good variety in toppings so I can always come up with something that fits exactly what my tastebuds are looking for. 
Some people might look down on Marathon and their basic offerings and chain status. I know, I live in a city with great food offerings, why spend my time and money here? Because I don't always need my mind blown, sometimes I just want a brisket sandwich (delish) and a side of French fries, done well, without a side of pretension. Marathon is happy to give that to me, so I am happy to patronize them.I cant really speak on many of the dishes here, but I've had one of them twice now, because that's how tasty it was.
They have a breakfast special called the brunch quesadilla.  Warning - it's a lot of food.  People around me commented on how much I ate of it.  (Not awkward at all!  But I did take a doggy bag home, so that means I'm dainty, right?)
Aside from potatoes with onions and peppers, you get a tortilla filled with scrambled eggs, jack cheese, jalapenos, pico de gallo, black beans, and I said no chorizo but it usually comes with that too.  The jack cheese is a perfect choice with the eggs.  The salsa that comes with it adds just enough spice to make you want to keep eating.  Sometimes the jalapeno is a little overpowering, but I pick a little bit of it out as i go and that tones it down.  I definitely recommend giving it a try!FYI: They have a full bar and outdoor seating on the sidewalk, but they also have plenty of seating on the inside, though their table layout makes for some narrow walkways.
On a Friday night during prime dinner time, the fiancé and I were searching for somewhere to eat after running some errands in center city. We always walk by this place so I've always wanted to try it but the opportunity never came up until today.
WHAT WE GOT: Grilled chicken margherita flatbread, grilled salmon, scallops dinner special
PROS: Nice decor/ambiance with friendly and attentive staff. The kitchen is on full display on the side of the restaurant but it adds a nice touch to the place. The food was pretty okay; nothing super special but nothing to be mad at either. The price matched the portion sizes and the freshness of the food. Loved the sweet but tangy honey mustard glaze on my salmon, which was cooked nicely. The mashed potatoes were also pretty good and so was the flatbread. I mean you can't really go wrong with chicken, cheese, and pesto.
CONS: The asparagus that came with the dish were a bit cold and my fiancé's risotto and spinach were both kinda sort on seasoning. It also took a little bit for the appetizer to come out even though the restaurant wasn't really busy. There's also minimum walking space in between some of the tables. 
Random thoughts from the fiancé: Our waiter Tyler was friendly and provided great service. It seemed though that his area was kinda spread out and disjointed with some tables being inside and some being outside which slowed service down. He also looked and sounded like Vin Diesel which was amusing.Pretty good, pretty good! I've heard fairly bad reviews about the location near Jefferson, but this place seemed to have a lot of people, so my husband and I took a chance and ate there.
We ordered the calamari for our appetizer. I wasn't too impressed, as there was a lot of breading than actual calamari. The sauce was good though (can't remember what it was).
My entree was the chicken marsala with parmesan risotto and grilled asparagus. Very yummy! I liked the risotto because it felt like I was eating chicken and rice. =) I wish there were more veggies though.
Overall, I'd come back. Prices are decent, service was good, and it's close to our apartment.Fantastic food, great environment in center city Philadelphia. I will definitely come back again.After today, I have to regretfully give Marathon a two star rating. I have eaten here a few times before and the food has always been pretty good. Their burger is tasty, juicy, but a little bit messy. Their Philadelphia-style take on a Caprese is very good as well. On their food alone I would give Marathon four stars, but there are other issues. The noise level (extreme) and cramped sitting room (they try to pack in as many people as possible) takes that rating down to 3 stars easily. Today I ordered a Caesar salad with *blackened chicken* to go. There salads always look fantastic when you watch them go by your table while you're eating there. The salad I got today though was awful. The chicken was, in my opinion, undercooked and cold, and certainly not blackened. The salad itself was drowning in dressing and the croutons are bland and leave a bad taste in your mouth. To top it off, the salad by itself is $12 or $13, if you add chicken it's $16. This is high even for the city. I expected a much better tasting salad and my opinion of this place has taken a major hit.Shut the front door! 
I ordered the vegetarian chili a few weeks ago and ordered it again for lunch today.  If your looking for a nice warm lunch go to Marathon grill. The small chili is like a large and its extremely affordable. The people are nice and welcoming also.I love going here for brunch, prices are reasonable and the food and service is always great. I've never had a wait but I also don't go during peak hours so that could be the reason why, never hurts to give them a call just to check! Favorite lunch spot for all the offices nearby.I went here when I was in Philly for the weekend.  My boyfriend did nothing but rave about it.  He was correct in the raving when it came to the food.  The burger I had was delicious and the Caesar salad was incredible.  
The service we had was unbelievably awful.  He said that particular location was more of a lunch spot, but come on 4 servers for 10 tables?  You would have thought we wouldn't have watched our food in the window for 15 minutes.  We saw a server talk over our food several times to the kitchen but she never felt like she should bring it to us.  I have no idea what made them actually bring out our food, but thank goodness it finally came.  We asked for our check three times about 10 minutes apart because no one would bring it to us or come over  near our table.  
The food is worth going and when I go back to Philly I'll probably go again, but I sure hope the service is better.Great casual dining experience.
The decor gives Marathon a very modern and casual feel. They also have floor to ceiling windows spanning two sides of the restaurant offering a cool street view. They seated us right away and the service was good but nothing to brag about.
I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and was very pleased. It was topped with blue cheese crumbles and coleslaw which balanced well with the buffalo chicken. The chicken itself was very lightly breaded and served on a ciabatta roll which made it not as heavy of a sandwich as you might find at most sports bars.
Overall I think Marathon is a great lunch and casual dining spot.Nice ambiance. Average service. Worst food I've had in years.  Salmon was so oily we couldn't eat it (tasted like cooking oil was added to the salmon!).  Greek salad was very salty (REALLY salty).  Even the coleslaw was salty!  Cod was watery, undercooked and felt kind of slimy, couldn't eat it.   House salad was good. Ice tea was small glass with infrequent refills. Don't eat here.Open late.  Great salads with solid variety.  The wait staff is attentive and timely.  The also have good burgers and sandwiches.  The place is never crowded in the evenings and the location is convenient for going out afterwords.Marathon Grill is a local chain restaurant, with about 5 locations around the city, but I've only been to the one at 16th and Sansom.  I went with a huge group of friends on a Saturday night after a particularly grueling day, and I really enjoyed myself.  They sat our party without a wait (there were probably about 15 or 16 of us), and we got a long table with a great view of the street.  This place has a modern, clean decor and friendly wait staff.  The food is also really good.  I had a really good burger and a huge, cold pint of beer.
This place also delivers, caters, and hosts parties.  It's also good to just hang out at their bar, and they have happy hour specials on a regular basis.  If you want a cool, contemporary place to eat that's not too expensive, check out Marathon Grill.Good food, great service, reasonable prices. All of this and walking distance from my hotel. We had an event for 15 people here and they took great care of us, giving us the back area and even setting up a buffet line. I will definitely be back for a salad on my next trip to Philly.Been here a few times in the past, I especially enjoy the outside seating on a nice day. Food is pretty good too, and it is easy to get reservations.Really an average place for an average meal. We came here during the Federal donuts block party because there were just too many damn people in that block. It seems like other people had similar ideas because the place was packed! Fortunately, the hostess seated us fairly quickly and brought our drinks out. 
I was not particularly impressed with the brunch selection. There really were not a lot of selections for people that didn't eat meat, so I got the marathon breakfast which includes two eggs, toast, home fries. I decided to get two extra pancakes to satisfy my sweet tooth and that was the best decision I made the entire day because while the dish was meh, the pancakes were perfect fluffy cakes with chocolate chips. 
I do want to note that it took a while for our food to come but that was probably due to the packed house. Also, the home fries were very soft and I like my potatoes a little more roasted but it was a regular restaurant with not much pizazz.Went for brunch with a group of 9, called ahead and got a table little to no wait. Sat down and was immediately greeted by our waitress for drink orders. It took her longer to get back to the table to take our food orders but it was also very busy when we first sat down. Food came out about 40 minutes later, but was very delicious. Many staff came over while we ate, checking on drink refills and if anything else was needed, but never felt like they were a bother. When it was time for checks the waitress took extra time to make sure she split everyone's checks correctly and was friendly while doing it. Very reasonably priced. I would go back.I got the salmon burger, it was pretty good. I'd come back to this place! My friend got the veal meatballs----DELICIOUS!!
I came back again and got the eggs benedict- average but I will keep this at 4 stars because of those meatballs. 
Service was good , friendly.We waited an hour and a half for our food while we saw at least 3 rotations of tables get their food before us. When confronting the manager about this, his excuse was they were "busy". Not too busy to serve 3 rotations of tables before us I guess. Will never go back and food wasn't worth the wait. The best part? We both ordered sandwiches that could've been made in less than 10 minutes.Possibly the slowest service I have had in years. Seriously it shouldn't take  an hour to cook a hamburger.
This place is rediculous. We sat for over an hour waiting for food, and all we ordered were hamburgers and drinks. The drinks, two wines, two beers and a water took 24 minutes to get to our table.
Then, when the food came one of our group ordered a hamburger well done. It came out very bloody and raw. Seriously after an hour you would think they would have the order right. 
Im not from Philadelphia, but if I was I would never go back.Such a good job with the amount of people with the Super Bowl Parade. Food was great! Had the Moroccan meatballs - could have been a meal by itself! I also had the Philly Cheesesteak, my wife had the turkey club (which she actually liked, a rarity when we go out because places usually put mayo on things). We had our kids with us, the kids menu is reasonably priced and good portions.Awesome place. Took a date here on a busy Saturday. I expected a 30 minute wait but we were seated within 5 minutes and we ordered and got our food within 15 minutes  the food was super high quality and you could tell the entire staff cared about us. I'm not one to talk about price, but our bill including drinks was under $60. Absolutely will be back! Also they serve the best old fashioned in Philadelphia!This is one of my go to lunch places and their Chicken Cobb salad is perhaps my favorite salad there is.  Had the opportunity to try them for breakfast this weekend and was not disappointed.  Everything you would expect, and their coffee (Chesnut Hill, I believe) is really good and much better than you get at most breakfast places.On its own, Marathon would rate a 4. But in a sea of great places to eat in the downtown Philly area, its tough to rate it that high.
Good, solid, competent food. I'd eat here again, but to be honest, I only dropped by in the first place because my favs were all booked up. Given the choice, I can think of 2 or 3 other places I'd go to first if they weren't cram packed with reservations.5 stars only because it is the ONLY decent spot open past 10pm in this hood.  That, and who doesn't like a "control freak" salad?I've been to the Rittenhouse location for dinner once, and once was definitely enough. Our host was nice, but we wound up with a surly server who, when I asked him which of the grilled tuna steak sandwiches he'd recommend, just shrugged and said, "Depends what kind of stuff you like." Strike one.
He finally said, "Just get the Cajun one." Bad move on my part for taking his advice. The flavor combination was plain bad, and adding cheddar cheese was just wrong. Strike two. 
Our calamari appetizer? Completely unseasoned.  And the arugula salad we ordered? Wilted after a serious dressing drenching. Strikes three and ... I'm outta strikes. And love for Marathon Grill.I have eaten at Marathon (this location) more times than I care to admit, and I have no earthly idea why I kept coming back.  I used to live and work in the neighborhood, and it is convenient, but looking back, there are SO many other convenient places that (1) serve better food, (2) have better service, or (3) both.
Really, there are two Marathons here, and they each deserve a review.  There is the weekday lunch Marathon and the weekday evening/weekend Marathon.  It's almost as though these restaurants are the alter-ego of one another, and just happen to share space.  Very strange.
During the week and the lunch rush, Marathon is not a bad choice.  They are crowded and rushed, but the food gets out pretty fast (and generally correctly) and the tables turn quickly.  To accommodate the largest number of patrons, they do have tables packed so tightly together that you can literally hear entire conversations from nearby tables, but it can be interesting to occasionally eavesdrop and hear about someone else's dysfunctional life for a change!  Weekday lunch is also when the "A-team" of servers tend to work.  The service is pretty good, despite the apparent chaos throughout the restaurant (I can only imagine working the kitchen line during a weekday lunch shift), and the food is at its peak (which while generally a plus, isn't saying much here).  I quickly learned to stick with basic stuff like sandwiches and soups (the Matzo ball rocks!), because salads (yes, salads) and more complicated entrees get messed up way too frequently.
Then there is the evening shift.  This is where things really come unglued.  If the lunch shift servers are the "A-team," then this is the "D-team."  Most of the servers we have had in the evenings and on weekends seem like they wound up working at Marathon because pumping gas was too complicated.  In the 3 years I lived nearby and ate an occasional dinner at Marathon (apparently I am just lazy), I don't think we ever had a meal where everything was correct in our order and we enjoyed good service.  More often than not, the order was wrong in at least one way (seriously, how do you mess up a Caesar salad?), or the waiter disappeared for 20 minutes, or the temperature in the restaurant was hovering just above meat locker level.  Sandwiches with the wrong meat (yes, really), salads with the wrong dressing, and entirely wrong dishes were delivered with apathy and discourtesy on a routine basis.  On the rare occasion that I was either particularly motivated or so pissed off that I decided to speak with a manager, the line was always the same:  something about the server or kitchen staff being new/undertrained/high/mentally deficient.
And yet we returned.  Again and again.  I think the last straw was when they were changing menus a while ago and diners at our table got different menus and the server tried to explain that neither of the menus was correct but that he would tell us what the kitchen could make that night.  I love a good walking menu at a red gravy Italian joint, but at Marathon it was just too much.
The good:  Matzo ball soup (as good as any New York deli)
The bad: EVERYTHING ELSE
The ugly: see "bad, the"I had just finished my day and decided to go out for a weekday dinner with a friend, but we didn't want anyplace too fancy or fussy, and settled on Marathon Grill. Marathon is a local favorite with a few locations around Philadelphia, with good food, a nice amour of space and decent prices--it often reminds me of a modern, upscale diner. In fact, Marathon is often a brunch spot for me since their brunch quesadilla with chorizo is big and delicious!
For dinner, I opted for the Marathon Burger ($11.50). They also have the option of customizing your burger, but I went with the pre-customized menu version. The temperature of the burger was good, just a hair over medium rare, and it was amazingly juicy, greasy and messy in the best way possible--all burgers should be a little messy! For their beef, Marathon uses a blend of short rib, sirloin and chuck. The party tasted very gourmet, and because there was a blend of cuts, it had a nice amount of fat that kept the burger incredibly moist.
The tomato wasn't sliced too thick, and the lettuce was easy to take off as I don't usually like lettuce on my burgers. The applewood smoked bacon was cooked through, but still a kept some chewiness, which I love. I hate when bacon is super crisp and it's lost all of its porkiness and meatiness. On the other hand, the bacon wasn't flabby, and had a subtle smoky taste.
The BBQ sauce was slathered on the bottom half of the bread and also helped keep the sandwich moist--and wet. The sauce itself was spicy and had a nice bite to it--interesting, but in a good way. The cheese didn't have a very bold flavor, but helped the sandwich keep a creamy consistency. The sweet, caramelized onions were on point and played well with the spicy BBQ sauce, especially since there was a generous portion of them on the burger. The burger was served on a country, brioche bun that was strong enough to stand up to the heavy burger. It had a slight, pleasant sweetness to it.
I wasn't in the mood for fries, or for the other side choice of Caesar salad on the menu, so I substituted some spinach for the fries. The spinach was served in a small bowl on the burger plate and was cooked with a nice amount of garlic, though perked up a lot with some salt.
My friend ordered the Grilled Salmon ($15.50), which was glazed with a whole grain honey mustard sauce. The fish was cooked well, and stayed moist. The mustard wasn't too strong as to overpower the salmon. The mashed potatoes were super creamy and absorbed some of the juice and sauce from the salmon. The accompanying asparagus was a smaller portion, but tasted delicious. The stalks weren't mushy, and still had great texture. 
The restaurant staff was very friendly, and the servers were enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the menu. Marathon Grill was a solid weekday dinner option with a tasty, comforting old school burger.Great service, meal had effort put into it, moroccan chicken on my salad was great, and best of all, free wifi. Best signal was in the back corner with all the booths. 
However, like any downtown upscale american joint, the prices were a bit high. Not only a little high, which i can deal with, but if you want a side or a starter it's gonna hit you even harder. But, the atmosphere was very good for a date and money is less important in that scenario.Really good service and good food. I've been here for brunch and dinner and have always loved it. I recently got the Marathon burger and it was cooked perfectly (medium) and the sauce was delicious. I got the salad as a side and it was good. Maybe a little light on the dressing but fresh vegetables. It had a very nice atmosphere, not too high end but comfortable. Also in a good location.Good price, but not value.  The staff was nice, but the food was worse than anything I've cooked after a night of heavy boozing.  I ordered a simple, foolproof dish, but resultantly received delivery of a bone dry, burnt, black rotisserie chicken.  Isn't it the pinnacle of ease to keep chicken moist if you've invested the money in a rotisserie?  The rest of the dish was ok, but still not arriving to the aforementioned bar of my drunken culinary skill.Everything about this place was awesome. I was visiting Philly for the week and bumped into their delivery guy in my apartment elevator. He recommended the place so my girls and I went. It was so good, we had brunch there two days in a row! I would recommend the vegetable chili, it was flavorful and served at the right temperature. The wait staff was welcoming, professional and cute (lol). Overall, a great experience and I would 100% recommend it.Very good food. Fresh. Delicious. Nice atmosphere. Prices are decent! I got the applewood bacon omelette. I would def recommend that dish.Expensive, loud, not really bad service - I think they are just SO, SO overwhelmed.  They pack too many people in there and double seat the servers repeatedly.  
It's just so underwhelming here.  There's no point to go.  You usually have to wait.  You usually wait forever for your food.  Just not for me.Been here a few times for brunch, so we went last Sunday (3/9/14) for a late lunch around 4 (we didn't see it posted on their site anywhere, but brunch ends mid-afternoon). Three of us got: the turkey club with cup of tomato basil soup, the Philly cheesesteak with caesar salad side, and the Marathon burger. Everything was good, but my favorite part of the meal was a vanilla shake: SO good. Service was great, and restaurant wasn't too crowded at 4pm. Only downside was we thought brunch was all day..will be heading back in time for brunch next time.Delicious and good service. The best vegeterian chilli ever. A lot of options for vegeterian people like me.Came here for brunch with my sister the other day and I was pleasantly surprised! I had only been to the marathon location on market so I didn't know if I should expect the same. We were pleased to walk in around 10:30 without a wait for a table for brunch. After perusing the menu and swearing we'd get everything because we were hungry, we started off with the fresh brewed ice teas. They were good and well priced! 
For my entree I ordered the salmon, tomato, and goat cheese omelette with a side of turkey sausage. The turkey sausage was bomb. Seriously delicious - I would order 5 sides of that if I could. I really liked my omelette too, although I thought it was a little heavy on the goat cheese. However, the salmon was fresh and the tomatoes were cooked well! I was hoping the home fries that came with my omelette would be a little crispier, but they were soft on the inside and seasoned well! I would recommend for an impromptu brunch spot in center city!Really really like their banana bread French toast! So soft, smooth, and full taste of banana!I think A-OK says it right. Marathon is an OK lunch spot and it's in a great location. Keep in mind, this location is FREEZING in the winter...if you look around, most patrons are wearing jackets (and I overheard the servers saying to each other that they were super cold). I enjoyed the Spruce Salad with chicken...the ingredients were fresh and the chicken was cooked well. The salad wasn't mind-blowing and a bit pricey at $13.50. But the menu has a variety of options to please everyone. It's definitely a convenient spot to grab a quick, non-fast-food lunch.Pretty good burger, but lackluster fries. Not any crunch in those at all - unfortunately undercooked. The burger on the other hand was overcooked, in spite of being ordered medium rare. Affordable prices though.mmm.. Although i've been to marathon many times and return because of the fresh ingredients and creative menu this visit was just very average.Stopped here for Brunch, and was definitely a good decision. We were waiting on a list at day by day, and decided to look around and see what was nearby. A very friendly lady recommended that we stop by here, and that was a great decision.LOVE this place. Great spot for a casual lunch or dinner and super veg friendly.
The veggie burger is AMAZING and love to make my own salad. Friendly servers and great location.This is one of my favorite spots for brunch.  Come to think of it, i don't think I've had any other meals here.  It's really fabulous though, and for some reason I always forget about it.  I went to Green Eggs and the line was out the door.  We went to Marathon, sat right down, had lovely brunch mimosas, great service, and food that made my belly warm.  I got the breakfast quesedilla and it was huge and delicious and served with spicy salsa and sour cream.  I also have to say that the decor of this place is fab too.  Also noteworth is the prices are really reasonable for an amazing array of choices.  Also, you're right by Rittenhouse Square so the people watching can be quite amazing.  They also have seating outside when its warmer out.... which is very nice too.I always thought Marathon Grill was a nice restaurant, and then I realized tonight, that its more restaurant/cafeteria hybrid.  I got a big salad, and it was big, with fat free thousand island dressing, which was my fault (it was nasty dressing).  prices are good, food is good, definitely a place to catch a good meal downtown.One star for the delicious, traditional eggs benedict with a fun twist of spinach thrown in to jazz it up.
One star for fun people-watching at our window-seat.
One star for relatively cheap brunch for two - $27.
Minus two stars for the slow service and 30-minute wait for our meals.  Not sure if the food always take a while, but we went around 1 pm on Sunday afternoon.  Give yourself some extra time.I just came to Marathon last night with my mom for dinner and I really enjoyed our experience. The menu has a large variety of options so you are bound to find something you would like. They also use local ingredients which I always like to see. Our server was nice but he seemed to be very busy with a bunch of other tables, but I understand because we came just as SIPS was ending. I ordered a cup of vegetarian chili to start and a Caesar salad with blackened chicken. My mom ordered the Greek salad with blackened chicken. Both salads tasted fresh and the chicken was flavorful. The portion sizes were perfect. The chili was decent but served a little cold. Our overall experience here was good and I look forward to coming back, especially for the outdoor seating.veggie burger was house made (kudos!), yet fries soggy. overpriced. cute location during the fair weather days when you can sit outside. nothing was spectacular, everything was expensive. brunch is inordinately packed and impractical for sub par omelettes, do not recommend for this occasion. if you're gluten free, this spot has very limited and tasteless options. nope.Friendly service. Food is ok. Only downside is the long wait to get seated, to get your food served, and to get your check. Overall, this place needs to be a little bit more organized to accommodate its patrons.Great spot where the food is always guaranteed fresh. I love the idea that all the food is local.  The service was great and the food was delicious.I ordered the turkey burger- honestly it was pretty amazing, smoked Gouda, bacon, and came out piping hot.  
My sister ordered the eggs Benedict salmon meal and it was fairly disappointing- watery hollondaise sauce and wilted spinach.  She was so upset about the way it looked that she was holding back the tears, I felt really bad.  I offered her my meal, but she was too proud to take it.  It was pretty emotional. 
I always really liked it here- but now I must choose my fate- whether I should return for the delicious burger, or follow in my sisters footsteps and explore other brunch options.We happened upon this place in search of a quick work lunch. This place has everything - soups, salads, sandwiches, burgers, seafood. We ordered the salsa and chips appetizer because we were starving - word to the wise - this is WARM salsa. Got the sour cream on the side (I like it, friend didn't) and I just really loved the combo of the warm tomato salsa with a bit of sour cream on the amazing seasoned tortilla chips. Great option to tide you over. They had a crab cake sandwich special. I was skeptical getting this from what appears to be a diner as crab cakes can be great or really bad. THIS WAS AMAZING. Huge lump crab. Got the remoulade on the side but it was also great. I was stuffed but managed a few sweet potato fries and it was worth it. I would definitely come back!We just had an awesome breakfast! Good customer service! They kept refilling us coffee. Loved it.The prices seemed reasonable and I was excited that they had so many vegetarian options. I ended up getting the southwest salad and the avocado on it was perfect. My husband got the ginger soy salmon and he had requested different sides, (which they said was fine) but when our food came, they brought him the sides on the menu, not what he requested. We didn't want to wait so he just ate what they brought, but it was still good. Our server was friendly and made recommendations for us. Overall, it was a good experience!Stopped in here today and ordered off their 3-5 menu. Best part of the whole meal were the Philly Cheesesteak Won-Tons. Fried to a crispy perfection and served with a wiz cheese sauce that had a drop of Sriracha in it. I ordered the Salmon burger which was terrible. Overly fishy tasting and had a slimy film over it and was topped with wads of some sort of gooey green. Texturally it just didn't work. My husband had the burger. It was really dense and mostly dry. Service wasn't anything special. I walked in and had to prompt the man at the podium to speak to me. Our waitress was nice but was rushing away from us before we even finished giving her our orders. She always didn't check back in with us after brining food over. I would not dine here again for the price there are a lot of other nicer places to go out to.Food: 3.5 stars
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
Price: 4.0 stars
Location: 4.0 stars
Service: 3.5 stars
Recommendations:  Marathon Grill is a great local choice for a higher end diner style experience.  They serve a great breakfast, have a delicious cheeseburger, and have multiple other food options on their menu.  Their portions are generous and the service and ambiance are great.  There are multiple locations throughout the city.  I would recommend this place for breakfast or for a faster, more inexpensive option to higher end dining restaurants in the city.
Overall: 3.5 starsI liked marathon, the menu is simple and everyone can pretty much find something they like, from vegetarian to gluten free or general picky eaters. On more than one occasion I have ended up with a big crowd and Marathon has always been accommodating. Though the food has always been consistently good, the drinks have varied greatly from not quite right, or completely wrong, and then sometimes they're great, it just depends on how busy they are I guess.My girlfriends and I went here for CC sips last week. Great specials! $4 beers, $4 house wines, and $5 well drinks. They also had $2.75 disco tots and sweet potato fries. I would've given this place 5 stars but our server, Samantha was rude and awkward. I made a reservation and got there before my friends so I sat down first to get a glass of wine. My friends got there so we got drinks and ordered the Marathon Sampler. Immediately after, the server asked us every minute 3 times if we were ready to order our entrees even though we told her we needed more time. The Marathon Sampler was delicious! I got the Marathon burger with Caesar salad as my entree. Delish and well made. My friends also loved their food (cheesesteak wontons, flatbread, burgers).
Overall, my first experience at Marathon was okay. The service sucked, but the food was good. We'll be back and definitely make sure we have a better server.This is a regular diner.  Nothing special about this place so only giving it 3 stars as it's just okay as far as diners goes.  I had the cheese steak sandwich but it was mostly hard bread. The bread makes a big difference for a sandwich or burger people!We ate a late dinner here. Some of the drinks were good. We thought the food was ok.. Probably a bit too oily. We ate salmon and talapiaLove this place. Best burger around. I pay the 10 dollar train ride to come here. It can get a little loud at times but it's a great place to get good food and spend some time in Philly. Never gotten anything from here I don't love.Food is good and portion sizes are large. Decent value for the money. The biggest problems with this place are the consistency and they're not very good at following directions. This is a consistent problem. For work, we eat here at least once a week and there's always something wrong with our order. We have them read our order back usually and it's right, so it is probably the cooks or whoever is putting the salads together that are confused.
UPDATE 6/11/2015
Took a star away because they've hired a new person that takes phone orders and deals with payments for takeout. She's got the wrong (read: bitchiest) attitude for a person that has a job interacting with customers. Not sure they did their due diligence before hiring her. The people that were there before her were much more pleasant to interact with.Marathon Grill is good, reliable, fresh food.   Co-workers and I tap this place about 2-3 times a week for take out lunch.  It's slightly pricier than neighboring lunch places, but you know that it's clean and fresh food.  Only downside is that the menu could change a bit more often.COME HERE IF YOU WANT TO:
- Cure your weekend hangover with not-so-greasy food 
- Drink milkshakes all day
- Feel comfortable/homey hanging out in a crowded restaurant while chit chatting away with your friends 
PROS:
-  Food is bloody excellent.  They serve a variety of diner-like meals (but with MUCH BETTER QUALITY) such as omelette, burgers, sandwiches,salads.
- Waiter/waitresses are very friendly
-  I love the sound of people chatting away.  It's like white noise to me.  So if you like quiet places then this isn't a place for you unless you come late at night?
-  Pricing is excellent, it's equivalent to the quality of the service and the food.  Not expensive.
Favourite food:  Salmon bagel, Marathon burger, Crispy chicken and sesame salad.
N.B.  Don't forget to order coffee, fresh OJ and milkshake!!
CONS:
-  Pretty long wait if you have a larger group
-  burgers and salads don't get served until after 11am.It was quite a struggle to friend a place for brunch on a Friday morning while visiting Philly. My mother and I came across this place and the food did not disappoint. I ordered the Smoked Salmon Omelet and it was absolutely perfect. My only negative is the fact the air conditioning was blasting so hard I left with goose bumps. I would be interested in trying dinner or lunch here the next time I am in town.I was walking around center city and since this was the closest place decided to just eat here. It took over an hour just to get our food. I should have just walked to 500 degrees and called it a day. The pasta dish we received was not even good but at least the burger was decent. I would not come again.I came here with my 3 friends for brunch last Sunday morning. It was pretty crowded but we lucked out and got a booth right away. Our server was friendly and efficient. I created my own omelette of egg whites, cheddar, spinach and applewood smoked bacon. It came with a side of quartered roasted red potatoes (which were quite good) and whole grain toast (not my favorite). My friends ordered the breakfast quesadilla and burritos. The quesadillas had that crisp flaky exterior that I love. Everyone enjoyed their food. My friends also ordered $5 Bloody Mary's. I ordered a green tea which was actually Jasmine tea (unexpected flavor because I was expecting regular) but I enjoyed it with some honey. Overall the food was pretty fresh and seemed to be good quality ingredients. The bill was more than you would pay at say a diner (about $17 a piece with tip) but not super expensive. They also have that double set of doors to keep the cold air out which is always a plus for seats near the door in the winter.Yes, it's open until 11 PM or midnight, which is key if you've been working long hours, and nothing else around is open (and the room service options suck). 
A colleague and I ordered omelettes for take out a few nights ago, and the woman taking the orders kept asking me questions about what we were ordering. "Uh, uh, uh, I think we can do that" is not something we want to hear, esp. if one of us (her) has strict dietary issues and was worried about getting the orders mixed up. We were able to clear orders away once we got back to our hotel. My bacon/cheese/pepper omelet was delicious but a little runny. The side of french fries were pretty good as well; it was just a little salty for my liking. 
I came back and dined in this time. It wasn't crowded on a late afternoon and I was able to choose wherever I wanted. My waiter was friendly and stopped to chat with me a few times. I ordered the same thing as before, and this time, the omelet was better but the fries were a little bland. It's not a bad place to go in the area that's still open.Skip this place...terrible service!!!! Sat at our table for 15 min, asked the hostess for a server, and watched her tell the hostess, "I get there when I get there"This particular Marathon only gets two stars, but I do not dislike Marathon as a general rule. In fact, I like Marathon as a general rule. But this location... I want to like it. I work less than a block from here. My only frame of reference with this restaurant comes from the first time I tried to order take out and I was placed on hold. For about 7 minutes. Why I stayed on hold so long? I was desperate for a salad. 
I called back two weeks later for this same salad: spring greens, artichoke hearts, goat & cheddar cheese, and white balsamic. I successfully ordered this salad. When I picked it up, service was decent. It was ready when they said it would. Then I got back to work, ready to EAT! I opened the bag and found a soggy, wet, nasty soup that barely lined the bottom of the plastic container it came in. The veggies were completely swimming in white balsamic. I ate three bites and wanted to vomit. Perhaps I should have ordered the dressing on the side, but I thought that was common practice with to-go salads. The size of the salad was unacceptable - I've had their salads before and this was maybe half the size. Perhaps I should have complained at the time and taken it back, but I was so sickened and disappointed I didn't.
All of that being said, I'm giving this place two stars because it's not all that bad. Just that one time, it was really, really bad. Marathon on the Square is better. But Marathon in University City is worse (FYI).Awful experience there a few weeks ago. Ordered several meals and desserts to go during a slow period of day. I was told the order would be right up. So went back to counter in 8 minutes thinking it would be ready. 
Nasty, miserable young lady running the takeout/cash register at the counter. She makes you feel stupid for thinking that it would be right up when she said it would. I don't think she could smile even if I offered her $10. Took another 10 minutes until order was ready. They also don't give you the actual copy of the bill. All they give you is the total charged to your card. Bad form. 
The young slick looking man behind the counter either owner or GM, could see and observe his nasty counter employee, but clearly didn't care - doesn't seem to have a clue how to see the forest through the trees. He was more interested in flirting with a young female employee, while at the same time having a lengthy texting session.
The food, service, and staff pleasantness used to be exceptional, but over the past few yrs., there's been notable change in the food and the staff's hospitality.  
And really???....very surprised they're not professional enough to respond to the awful experience of Jennifer L.First time here yesterday.  LOVED it!  Our server was so friendly and the food was so good!  I had a turkey sandwich with cranberry mayo, arugula, swiss, and bacon, on special.  I downed it, naturally.  My date had a breakfast burrito on special with chorizo and jalepeno which he loved as well.  Loved the décor as well...feels like a diner almost but it's so rustically modern!  Will be coming back certainly :)I love Marathon. I have eaten at all three locations and it's consistently great. The other night I had worked the whole day at my job and even stayed open and extra hour to accommodate the influx of clients. I walked over to the Marathon at 16th and Sansom. I knew what I wanted but had never had it before. I was hungry and tired from the long day. I came in from the cold, and was greeted with a handshake and a smile from their manager Brandon. He's always friendly and greets me using my name. I head back to the bar and order a Bulliet Rye Manhattan neat with a side of ice. Matt the bartender whips up this amazingly perfect cocktail that is exactly what the doctor ordered. It's perfectly mixed and is delicious! I order the grilled barbecue chicken sandwich with a side of fries. I'm hungry! My dinner arrives like lightning. It looks perfect and tastes even better! I like that they serve it on a roll that's a parker house. It's all about balance when it comes to a delicious sandwich. It's so perfect that I came back the next night with a friend of mine and ordered it again! Marathon is like an upscale diner with fresh locally grown comfort food. It's a place you can go every week at any time of day and get a great meal. Great staff, solid quick service, and delicious menu. You can always find something to love, breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner. And don't forget...a full bar in every location! Thank you guys, you're doing it right. Love new server Brittany at the 16th street location!Service was horrible. Water was never filled till we asked the waiter. The staff stood around having conversations rather than tending tables. 
Food was bad. Had their rib special. Ribs was slathered with cheap BBQ sauce. Cole slaw had no taste. Best thing was the sweet potato fries which were crispy and went well with the honey mustard.  Our table also ordered their chips and salsa. Salsa was like warm tomato sauce with some spices....just horrible. 
It's a nice restaurant. Owner needs to focus on food and service!I went here for a quick breakfast on a Saturday. Overall it was very pleasant. We both got the Marathon Breakfast and pancakes. Nothing special about the breakfast but again no complaints. The pancakes on the other hand were better than expected. Nice open kitchen and trendy vibe. Great place for a quick decent priced meal! Two breakfasts and two bloody mary's= $29We sat outside cause we had our pup. Tight sitting area as it's right in the sidewalk of Philly, but perfect for people watching. It was a chilly day so probably not the best idea, but it did take a while to get seated, overall the server seemed to forget we were outside with the other 4-5 tables. Long wait time between ordering, getting our food, checking in on us, etc.
The menu was interesting cause it was mostly American but then random Asian and Indian dishes like chicken Marsa. Begs the question how good are their foods that they can't make up their mind. I got the soy ginger salmon and was pleasantly surprised. It was great flavor, a bit overly salted but the ginger came through and the salmon was cooked very well. I love when there's a crunchy outer layer and tender in. They did well. The couscous was nothing to rave about.
Overall, a good experience and I will give them props for noticing my pup and getting him not one but two water bowls. It was a pleasant meal. Will be back if in the area to try their other dishes. Great location in the middle of downtown.
This means horrible parking options. Walking is best! Happy eating.Recommended to come here by our hotel because we were looking for somewhere to eat until we can check in. Great recommendation! We went on Saturday and I had the turkey club sandwich (yummy) and my boyfriend ordered chicken noodle soup (he said it lacked flavor but with a little salt was better). The next morning we came back since it was a block from the hotel. We asked for mimosas and the waitress suggested we can get a bottle of champagne for $40 and make our own, we were sold! She was so sweet and even helped give us recommendations on cool bars in the area for that night. Food and service was great!We were here for  a late breakfast and left pleased, full and feeling good.  The home made OJ was exquisite.  Eggs cooked to perfection.  A slab of ham the size of Manhattan.  Good service overall despite the crowds.  Yummy place in a superb location.Visit Marathon on 16th+Sansom last night and I fell in love with the feel and top notch customer service and awesome food. Very tasty rich in flavor and excellent would eat more. Mike our server was very professional and showed genuine love for his job. I would like say much I appreciate the email from Kevin Kong on how we enjoyed the place. I am a customer for life and I will be back there real soon Kevin. Thanks again.I came here by myself for breakfast at 9am on a Sunday morning. The atmosphere was quieter and relaxed. I ate the Marathon Breakfast, which was well done and satisfying. I agree with many other people that the food was nothing new, but they do the staples well. Although the food did arrive quickly, I leisurely sat and sipped my coffee without hassle. The server was extremely friendly, which also made the experience relaxed. I would definitely return.Stumbled upon this place after the other restaurant we came to the area for didn't work out. Found the service to be quick and attentive and the food to be fresh and tasty. I figured for my only dinner in Philadelphia I would order the namesake burger, so I ordered the Marathon burger with fries. My wife ordered a chicken caesar salad and found it to be very good as well. The best decision of the night though was to flip the menu over and order the b&w shake (chocolate and vanilla mix). The shake put my experience over the top, surprisingly savory and went down smoothly on a hot night. 
If we are in Philadelphia again I will make sure that we eat here again!Came here for brunch and enjoyed my dish thoroughly.  Surprisngly wasn't that crowded on a Saturday at noon either. Only downside was the coffee was watery and underwhelming.We had breakfast here both mornings on a weekend visit to Philly.  They open early (8 AM) on weekends so if you have young kids that get you out of bed early, and you are staying in this area (we were staying at the Westin) this is a good option for the weekend.  The food is ok, the standard eggs and waffle, pancakes...portions are not huge like IHOP or diners, but enough and service is very friendly.I have ordered from Marathon for several small parties (10 people or less).  Their catering service is friendly and knowledgable.  The prices are fantastic, and the food is out of this world.  Worth every penny and good to the last bite.Great prices for great quality food. I love finding healthy places to eat that don't cost my paycheck. 
I've eaten here a lot. My recommendations are the turkey burger, the Mediterranean salmon salad, the green smoothie, the calamari, the breakfast quesadilla, french toast... almost everything. 
I wasn't to impressed with the salmon burger or the smoked salmon benedict. 
Still I'll always go back here!Drink - Pineapple margarita ... Much thanks to the bartender it was amazing. 
Food- 
half caesar - wet lettuce. Flat tasting Caesar salad. Terrible. 
chicken pot pie    - not your traditional pot pie. Crust on top and not gooey and flaky like most are used to. The vegetables were very hard. Like break the brackets off my braces hard. ESPECIALLY the celery and we all know celery is stringy when raw. The potatoes has ZERO flavor. I must note, I ate it only because it was 6:30 pm and I had not eaten anything all day. My friend took one bite and sent it back. 
Ambiance - great low yellow lighting.
Service - great guy. Ask question. Checked up on us. Offered more drinks, etc.
After sending back the pot pie one would think the manger would come over and apologize as well as ask for our feedback.. none of which was done. 
The supervisor stood behind the bar and looked beyond us. We would have appreciated a walk up or some sort of acknowledgement. 
That's no good. In order for business to grow you must get feedback from the consumer. Would you not ask what the problem was if you served someone food and they didn't touch it? Never in my life have I don't that nor have I done it to someone. 
End of story - great service and I'm on vacay.The food is very good for the price, and the interior is beautiful (the plants give it a nice touch). The second time I came here, a busser dropped my used knife on my skirt while he was taking my plate. :(Popped in cause it looked cool, were from California. I had a green smoothie and spaghetti Bolognese and mum had a mimosa and sandwich. SO good! Great service and perfect to watch outside.Great food cool ambiance.  Many beers on tap and the food was great.  Kind of like a fancy diner. They were the only place open for food in this area late in a saturdayCame here for brunch today. I can say that I am a fan and pretty impressed! The boyfriend and I dropped in around noon to get a nice brunch with mimosas (which were very good, definitely not watered down). I ordered a "control freak" omelet - so I was able to pick 3 toppings (sausage, spinach and goat cheese), instead of ordering one of their pre-arranged omelets. The omelets come with home fries and toast (sooo much food, I was STUFFED). The boyfriend got eggs Benedict, and it was also very good and filling. This eggs benedict was a nice portion size, unlike some other restaurants that give you a small serving size which leaves you wanting another round. This also came with a side of home fries. 
The waitress was really friendly, helpful and attentive even with it being super busy since it was prime lunch/brunch hour. I also ordered the Liberty Belle cocktail (the waitress suggested it as one of the better cocktails). I wasn't WOWed by it, it was drinkable and tasted like berries, but I didn't find it to be super awesome or special. 
I would definitely suggest other people to check this place out for any meal during the day, and I will be back in the future!Our group of 6 was pleased by the variety of food options that could make everyone happy. Tempted by the burgers that were passing by, but trying to be good, I opted for the Turkey and Grain Burger on an evening that it was mixed with barley to give it a less turkey-ish texture (as explained by our server). I was a little dubious, but I ended up liking the flavor and texture; however, I found the burger quite large, therefore hard to eat or finish. We asked for several beers that were out of stock, but managed to find other options that suited us.The burgers here are very good. I also love their salads! I gave it three stars because the service is hit or miss, really. I like how they use local foods and farms.Great food, amazing prices and Amanda was an awesome server!  Definitely recommend especially if you are traveling with children!!!I recently took two locals to Marathon who had never been.  They were impressed by the organic and fresh local ingredients and wide array of food on the menu.  For me, it's a stable stand-by for when I'm out and about in Center City looking for good service, good fresh food, and not too pricey a meal.  I absolutely love the turkey and grain burger -- and the matzo ball soup is truly as good as you've heard before.  Also, the make your own salad is a great idea! I just learned on this last visit that there is actually a garden in Northeast Philly you can visit to see some of the ingredients you're eating in grow mode.  That just upped their credibility to me a million times over.Soo apparently Marathon carries frozen yogurt (although it tastes more like ice cream if you ask me). It's advertised as "active- culture nonfat frozen yogurt made with probiotics" so, well, I'm not going to question the decadent creaminess factor.
I just devoured a dazzling cup of vanilla adorned with shredded coconut flakes and fresh, juicy blackberries. It cost me $4.59 but the portion was rather sizeable and it was conveniently packaged with top & all so that I could, conceivably, stick it in the freezer for second helpings. CONCEIVABLY being the key word here, of course.
...the only leftovers at this point include an exploited plastic spoon and a few stubborn coconut shreddings that managed to escape surreptitious tongue lickings.
Hello, fat kid.I had high hopes for this place after looking at their website, but my husband and I were not impressed. We came on a holiday Monday around 11:30 a.m., and this was our first meal of the day, so we were looking forward to some good breakfast fare. Unfortunately for us, they had stopped serving their official breakfast menu by that time, so our options were limited to the "breakfast all day" choices. I'm not dinging them for that policy - it's understandable. But we ordered omelettes and a smoothie, and it took a ridiculously long time to get our food. The place is basically a glorified diner - I've never waited such a long time for eggs at a diner. The server explained that the kitchen had been "slammed" with take-out orders, but as a customer sitting in the restaurant, I thought "perhaps you should hire more kitchen staff."
The food was okay, but a bit pricey for . . . well, a diner! My husband thought his omelette tasted like it had been made with Egg Beaters. Mine was okay, and the smoothie was pretty good, but the bar gets higher the longer you wait for your food.I went here for Center City Sips just to grab a few drinks and appetizers with a friend. For drinks, we ordered the sangria and basil lemonade. Both drinks were okay, but nothing to get excited about. The basil lemonade was just a tad too basil-y for me. 
We ordered the baked Mac & cheese and cheese steak eggrolls for appetizers. You could tell the Mac & cheese was made from a generic mix with no love; the cheese steak eggrolls were good, but hit or miss. Some of the eggrolls were loaded with delicious, cheesy steak, others had barely anything in it. 
For those who love sriracha, Marathon doesn't have it! 
If I were you, I'd walk down the block to Nodding Head - their food is sooo much better (and they have sriracha).I was just thinking how I miss Marathon Grills's breakfast, time for a visit. I love this location, love the omelet with smoked salmon. Love their pancakes. Coffee could be stronger, prices are reasonable and the staff is always very friendly. This is my breakfast spot.Hair in my salad! It's so gross. Bad hygiene, you can see the chefs have no hat or hair net. I try to get my waitress's attention, but she doesn't look over my table at all. She is chatting with another waitress. I literally waited almost 15 mins. Bad service. 
I just moved to the building across the street, but I would never come back again!I seriously don't understand why this place has low ratings. This is one of our favorite spots to frequent in Rittenhouse. Wanted to try out a new place one day and decided to try this on a whim, fell in love ever since. They have a great menu and all their food is fresh and has good portions for the price. My favorite part is that they have a salad and smoothie bar. The very berry smoothie is the best! And their Cobb salad is heavenly. The mac and cheese is to die for. The food is just great here. Every time we visit we try something new and have yet to be disappointed. The ONLY thing I would say I don't like about this place is that the worker in the front isn't a really inviting person... and she always gives us the small tables. Meanwhile my bf is a giant 6'8" man. But it's tolerable I guess.. just try this place out. 
We didn't take pics of all the food we got there each time but here are a few.
Also, follow us on IG @ntfoodies for more food places you should try out!I really liked the trendy space and the food was pretty good as well. All of the food I tried was pretty good but not amazing.I went here a couple of months ago for breakfast on a Friday morning and was disappointed as this is usually such a great place. The menu selection was underwhelming and not as large as I hoped for. There was some early morning drama going on with the wait staff and you could really feel that energy. My server made another server cry and she stormed outside and was being consoled by a third server. I could also hear them all talking about the incident and discussing whose fault it was and overall was just a weird morning and pretty hard to focus on the group I was with. I honestly probably wouldn't go back after the last experience although previously I have enjoyed it.This review is for brunch (and brunch cocktails) only. I think this place is the definition of an "OK" restaurant. The savory brunch dishes taste good, but aren't exciting in any way. Just ... middle of the road. The brioche french toast was just normal french toast with some caramel creme drizzled over it. The food feels like stuff you'd get in a run-of-the-mill diner anywhere else. There are too many places in center city that are just better.
Lastly, their brunch cocktails are terrible. I had one with Jameson and honey syrup - I would call it less of a mixed drink and more of a layer of honey at the bottom of the glass topped with a tiny bit of alcohol. After I mixed it together myself, it was unbearably sweet. My fiance got the elderflower collins, which was also far too sweet. Probably 3 parts elderflower to 1 part gin. Avoid the cocktails, and don't expect anything memorable from the food.Had a really great meal here. I would highly recommend it. Really good service and good food. We had the muscles to scallop dinner and the meatloaf. We had a nice view of the room and of all the people passing by on the street so we weren't stuck in a basement somewhere.Never had anything bad from here.  I always get the pan seared salmon and its amazing.  If you get a chance to, try the chicken pot pie soup or the beef and barley soup.  They're only SOTD's but they should be regular menu items cause they're that great!!Wandered in last night for dinner. The service was very good but the food was just meh. With all the other restaurants in this area I'd try something else before coming back here. We did see an incredible cookie ice cream sandwich dessert that a few other patrons ordered, so if I ever do end up there again, I'd like to try that!Five stars to Marathon Grill and Brandon the wonder server we met on August 19.  When I told Brandon that there was nothing on the menu I particularly wanted that day (despite the fact that they even have a create your own salad), he did not even blink an eye.  I worried I would  be a difficult customer, and he dismissed my worry, saying "no you won't. What do you want?"  I then asked if I could just have two giant bowls of steamed veggies.  That's what I got to my sheer delight - and it was way too much too eat at one sitting!  My kids on the other hand got wonderful fish (two different entrees) and loved their food as much as I loved mine.  
Any  restaurant that handles special requests easily like this gets five stars in my book. 
The location is convenient, it was busy for lunch but we got seated immediately, we even saw long-ago friends, not a lot of parking nearby but a great great place to have lunch on a work week.Quick service, tasty food, good drinks, priced right. We went after the opera, on Sunday afternoon. The e Eagles were on TV in the bar area, the outdoor seats were full and the dining room was about half full. 
Drinks came quickly (Exit 4 for me, Pinot Grigio for my wife) and our food was ready a few minutes later. Great hamburger with a side of Caesar salad and a funky salad with edamame radish wontons greens and chicken breast. 
We felt a little bad for the servers when a 20 top of seniors came in, that must have been fun.I worked right down the street from Marathon, and it's a pretty good and stable restaurant. Generally when I was going to lunch with superiors or people to interview, it was a very good, safe option with plenty of options, even for vegetarians.
The most important thing for me is the value of the meal. I'd say that the food there is ever so ~slightly~ more expensive than I'd want to pay for it, taking into account portion size and taste (don't get me wrong though -- the food is very good)! But obviously that didn't keep me from going! 
I guess it's not really my opinion but it's also worth mentioning that it's one of my office's favorites so you won't be disappointed. It's not like the best restaurant in the city or anything but it'll get he job done. And they have fast service.
Pictured: Jambalaya. Would recommend!These folks take the lunch hour on a spin.  Organic ingredients, fresh and different options all make these guys a good place for lunch in town in multiple locations.  Turkey burgers are flavorful, fries are tremendous, salmon burgers, cuban sandwich are all great.  Its a consistantly good option for a business lunch or just to grab a bite.I came here for a weekend brunch, and it was packed!
They had most of your standard breakfast foods. I got an eggs Benedict, and it was what you would expect. Location close to Rittenhouse is great, and the atmosphere is lively. However, there's nothing particularly exciting. Will possibly include this place in my weekend brunch rotation list.Went to Marathon @ 16th/Sansom tonight to celebrate my birthday with friends. The food and service was wonderful! The menu met all dietary & taste bud needs. Thank you marathon for making my 30th birthday and extra special evening. Will becoming back to Marathon again and again.What a find! Stopped by for lunch. They didn't miss a beat when I asked for quinoa instead of couscous in the Moroccan salad. Very tasty and generous portions. A great choice!