Marathon is great because it's pretty consistent and there is something for everyone on the menu.  
- Cheesesteak wontons are fantastic-- definitely a favorite
- Turkey Burger is good-- the burger itself isn't anything spectacular but I love the fig jam, apples, and smoked gouda!
Can't wait for the rad outdoor seating to be back!Food is ok. Never spectacular, but good enough if I don't feel like cooking and want to eat somewhere nearby and not pay as much as at other spots in the area. My only gripe is the inconsistent service. As a solo diner, I usually get good service during dinner time at the bar. The quality of table service, however, is mixed (except during Sunday breakfast, when one of the waitresses ALWAYS disregards me while attending to pairs and groups; I think I'll switch to the bar next time, or request the other waitress with the dyed blond hair--she's good).I love Marathon because of the fresh selection and healthy options although get the chicken pot pie when its on special because it is oh so good. The servers are not great, the basic skills are lacking like remembering all items ordered and doing so correctly, slow on refills of drinks including top shelf which always boggles my mind. Also, last time we ate there I had to tell this guy to please stop mopping with bleach while I was eating! For crying out loud, I got nauseous and had a headache when I left. No common sense by any of the staff.The food is consistently good here. Nothing super-great or fancy or overly amazing or even that original, but consistently GOOD, all the time. 
All day breakfast, yummy eggs and pancakes, giant giant giant salads that you can, like at all the mg locations, mix and match with whatever you like. And consistently interesting enough specials. 
Also, soup. MMM. Matzo ball soup. MMM. 
And the manager, Renee is the sweetest person in history.Lousy.  Have been passing this place for months, finally gave it a shot.  A completely mediocre brunch.  Worse than most diners I've been in.  Potatoes cold. Pancakes dense and cakey. Crappy maple flavored table syrup.  Greasy fatty bacon as thin as paper. Everything was pretty much the quality you'd get at a crummy hotel breakfast.
So I began to wonder why the food was so bad.  Then I realized there were as many wait staff present as patrons.  And that perhaps the reason the owner isn't investing in better food is because he or she is paying a large staff to stand around.
Whatever the reason, I won't be back.  Not alone.  Not with friends.  Not ever.oh marathon. i eat here fairly often as it's 1) open late; 2) close to my place; and 3) one of the few places to get soup. 
and yet... the food is mediocre on average. some things are really good -- the soups, the burger is pretty solid, the cobb. but where marathon fails, it fails hard. things like the calamari, which attempts to be upscale when it should just be good, and the southwest salad, which i can honestly say was one of the worst salads i've ever had. 
mots bills itself as organic and farm-fresh and all that, but it should really ditch the gimmick in favor of better tasting end product.Oh how this place has fallen from what it once was. 
Stopped by for an early dinner after not having been here for a few years. (I used to live down the block and was a regular here for a long time.)
The decor is cute, the menu is more casual than it used to be, but still looked interesting. We were seated and served promptly. Because it was early, there were only two other tables seated, so we expected to be in and out quickly.
And then we waited.
And waited. 
Drinks ran dry. Plates were cleaned. And still we waited. 
And waited some more. 
It was a solid hour since our food had been brought and no one even glanced at our table, let alone came over to check if the food was OK, if we needed more drinks, etc. 
Finally, I went up to the bartender and asked if she could please find someone, anyone who could give us our check so we could leave. She ended up doing it. Ten minutes AFTER that, our waiter came over and cleared the plates without a word. No apology, no attempt at explaining what happened. Just grabbed our plates and the check and walked away. 
The food was fine -- but nothing to write home about. So unless you want mediocre food and an exercise in zen mediation while you ponder the nature of time and the meaning of life, avoid. 
There are much better ways to spend your time and your money  all over this neighborhood.Great drink specials during happy hour and late night.  Service is okay.   Food/apps/mixed drinks are okay.  A good spot for a cheap drink/app before heading elsewhere.  Their breakfast, though, is good and they deliver!Not really sure why some of the reviews just ripped into this place. I enjoy it. It's a good place removed a little bit from the business of the Park/Square. Our server was solid, and the food was tasty. There's also outdoor seating, which is a huge plus. 
The food is no frills. Definitely try their matzo ball soup. It's solid, and I love how chickeny and salty the ball is. In addition, their numerous brunch offerings everywhere from breakfast sandwiches, burgers, and platters are cloud pleasers.I came here for brunch and ate at the bar on a weekend to Philly for my friends wedding. The bartender made an AMAZING Bloody Mary!  Staff was very friendly and accommodating. It was a great vibe, good menu and my omelette was pretty good. Highly recommend.I've eaten here many times, and today was probably the last. Here's the story of the worst experience dining in Philadelphia I've ever had. Ever. EVER.
My husband (a vegetarian), two friends, my baby, and I came here for brunch.
We put in our first order:
- coffee with milk (I asked for whole or 2%)
coffee and half and half came out
Ok, I thought. Not a big deal.
We put in an order for food:
1. Breakfast special burrito (just without the chorizo)
We asked about 5 times to make sure it's vegetarian with the chorizo taken out. 
This was the ONLY item we asked for to be altered from the menu.
2. Huevos Rancheros
3. An omelet
4. Another breakfast burrito (no alterations whatsoever)
Because we were starving, I asked for some muffins or bread. This is where things started to break down. 
The waiter told us that they didn't do muffins. They don't do muffins - nope, not at all. Not now, not ever. 
(I believe him even though my office gets Marathon catering with muffins.) 
Ok, can we get an order of home fries and have those come out soon? Sure, he says.
He leaves and comes back 5 minutes later.
He apologizes but they are out of chorizo. Bummer, I thought. I was excited for my huevos. Ok, well, that's two orders we had to adjust, and again not a big deal. We can get any other breakfast meat in our orders. He recommends bacon. Ok, sounds good. But apparently, his "system" erased all of our previous orders so he had to take them down again.  We repeat our orders. 
1. My husband asks for the breakfast special burrito without the chorizo
2. I ask for the huevos, but with bacon instead of chorizo
3. Omelet stays the same
4. My friend asks for the burrito with bacon (since there's no chorizo available)
And those home fries. 
Another 5-8 minutes goes by and our waiter comes out again and tells us he got in a fight with the kitchen staff about our order. Apparently they can't take the chorizo out of the beans for the breakfast special burrito and they can't make the huevos with bacon.  Ok, well this is weird - I thought they didn't have chorizo, but now they can't take it out of the beans for the burrito... So we change our orders again:
1. My husband asks for a regular breakfast burrito (again making sure it's vegetarian). I ask as well to make sure it's vegetarian.
2. I change my order to the Eggs Benny - I forget the name of them off the menu, but it was on the brunch menu.
3. Omelet stays the same
4. My friend asks for a different thing because again they couldn't take the chorizo that they didn't have out of the burrito. 
And the home fries. At this point we were very hungry so we asked for the tex-mex home fries as well. 
About 15 min later our orders come out and my husband's burrito has chorizo in it. It has the thing we were told twice the restaurant ran out of. It was the thing we were told we had to change our orders for twice. And it was my husband's, my vegetarian husband's, burrito, which we asked about a number of times.
We got two orders of home fries and tex-mex home fries. That's an extra order of home fries. 
I asked to speak to the manager. He came out and was very kind and apologized. He comped us the home fries and had a new burrito brought out for my husband.
Then, the waiter came out again and started telling us that he's paying for the home fries and that the brunch shift was the best one and he's no longer working it. Now he's trying to make us feel bad. 
To top things off, I see a giant basket of muffins on the counter when I run in to use the bathroom. (The muffins we were told they didn't have.)I love the design of the restaurant, I think it is stylized beautifully. The food was great for a group of girls looking for a hearty breakfast after a night on the town! Yummy drinks. Great spot!My significant other and I had quite a poor experience here. 
During our meal: 
1) We were ignored by staff who delayed in taking our order then forgot to bring our drinks. 
2) The food then came late. The table next to us was seated at least 10 minutes after us but got their food at least 10 minutes before us. 
3) The food that came was then substandard, to put it mildly. My significant other couldn't take more than 3 bites of her meal because it was so bland (think of microwaved, scrambled eggs with no flavoring), and ended up sharing mine. We both left hungry. 
4) Finally, the cleanliness of the restaurant left a lot to be desired. When the waitress finally brought out my (forgotten) drink, the glass had lipstick marks on it. When I told the waitress, I did feel bad because she was so embarrassed. She went and got me another glass. 
What makes this matter worse is, later on, I wrote to the restaurant with feedback. I didn't want to make the wait staff or restaurant management feel bad on the spot, so I figured email communication would be better; however, I was mistaken. They ignored my complaints and correspondence. At the very least, from a customer service perspective, listening to and offering an apology for a frustrated customer would have gone a long way. 
Overall, a poor dining experience that we aren't going to forget anytime soon.I was looking for somewhere for a Friday night and not being organised enough to book anything, I wandered around for a few minutes and stumbled upon this place. It was fairly quiet which is usually not a great indicator of a place but it worked out for the best.
Service was good not pushy. 
I had a burger which was well cooked pretty tasty and not too expensive. My dining partner had a Salmon Nicoise salad which was the size of a house - more a full dinner than a subtle salad. 
All in all a reasonable tasty experience. Not fine dining but a pretty decent place to stumble upon. There menus were a little tatty and not up to date when it came to the beers on offer.
I'd get a burger there againI have tried every Marathon location many times and Marathon on the Square is consistently better than the rest. 
Better selection than the other Marathons, the food is always hot  (when it's supposed to be) and fresh, waitstaff always accommodating of special requests. The ambiance is much nicer too. Just be sure you don't get seated too close to either the front door or the air conditioning vent! 
I have eaten here hundreds of times over the years and have enjoyed virtually every meal. It is also the "go to" place when out-of-towners visit. Repeat visitors always ask to go back. There are a number of long-time waitstaff, but every so often a new waiter pops up.  Also don't judge the food by how well it keeps when carrying out or getting delivery. Definitely an excellent choice for brunch, lunch, and dinner!
The pros: varied and tasty menu, breakfast avail all day, doesn't break the bank
The cons:  can get pretty packed for sat and sun brunchWhenever I want to break the monotony of my dining experiences the atmosphere of this location is always the ticket. Only because of where this restaurant is located does on feel like it is upscale or ritzy but it isn't - At All.
 This location can get pretty busy as well as the other two location and with the route 17 bus and other cars going by it can seem similar to the 16th St. location but that's fine.
The day I was here, it was a beautiful, sunny day which is when I prefer to go here because its always busy in and out.
 I ordered my favorite, Banana pancakes with bacon and a tall glass of milk. This always hits the spot and I like the carbs it gives me to go use up after several hours prior to a working out.
The servers here are very pleasant and attentive. At least when I'm there they, are. 
Not all of the staff have gotten the memo to be kind, pleasant and attentive however but I think they have their picks on who to be this required way with or not but it should be across the board that they show professional courtesy to everyone that comes through those glass doors.Came here for breakfast, but they only serve breakfast on the weekends. A sign or something would have been nice. The breakfast menu looked really good.  I ended up getting a caprese sandwich. Everything tasted fresh. The coffee was really good. Service was slow for the place being so empty.This is one of my favorite restaurants. I go there around once a week and have for the past year or so. The food is consistently great. I've never been disappointed, not even once. The service is friendly and quick. The prices are very reasonable. They make the best grilled salmon and the Moroccan salmon salad is wonderful. It can get a little loud when it's busy, but even when they're super busy, seating is never a problem it seems. Very clean, too.Sat at the bar for drinks. I was treated like dirt. Service was horrible. Never going back.Went over to this local diner where we had been many times before for breakfast last week about 10 am.  We were happy and in a good mood for the holidays. Hostess rudely asks us "do we have a reservation?" and then tells us thirty to forty minute wait despite many empty tables.  Please!  Reservations in a diner? Forget the good mood after we met that woman.
We left. Won't be back. Would give you all the same advice. Many good places in center city no need to waste your time at this one.
If you are requiring reservations either say so or else make a first come first served policy, which in my experience (we live two blocks away) it had always been.Met a friend for Sunday brunch here and had a great meal. I enjoyed the crispy chicken and sesame salad while he enjoyed the burger. We were both very happy with how flavorful our food was. We also enjoyed the mimosas which I would highly recommend. They had a great variety of flavors of mimosas the day we were there-- he had the grapefruit mimosa while I had the mango mimosa. I will definitely go back there again and possibly try any of their sister restaurants in the future.I wanted to like this place so badly given the location off the rittenhouse park, but sadly the food did not cut it for a repeat visit. We ordered the appetizer sampler, which was an array of bland deep fried items including calamari, greasy cheese steak wontons, and unseasoned chicken tenders. I had the Buffalo Chicken sandwhich which tasted like garbage...not sure how the simplicity of Buffalo chicken can get muddled into this sad, unappetizing sandwhich served on a stale baguette to boot.What happened here?  I live a couple of blocks away and dine here at least once a week.  The service has been going downhill over the last year.  Do they even care anymore?  I was in for lunch on Thursday and sat at the bar.  I had to ask for a menu, ask to place my order and point out to them my food was sitting under the heat lamp before anyone brought it to me.  Mind you there were 3 employees standing right in front of it talking paying no attention.  Also, I find it tacky when their manager is taking phone orders and every time she hung up made comments about the individual she spoke with.A series of unusual events. I walked in and, instead of being greeted and asked how many people were in my party (it was just me), I had to look around to figure out who was supposed to be helping me. Once I engaged with someone, I still wasn't asked anything - I had to ask to see a menu. I asked if they could swap out pancakes for French toast in one meal - I was flat out told no. I told the waitress what I wanted to order and she put it in the computer in front of me, assuming that I was ordering takeout without asking me. Then I asked if I could be seated and finally was. The food came out quickly, but my drink was missing, so I had to ask for that again. I ordered over easy eggs...let's just say they were very easy. Shortly thereafter, a waitress tried to deliver food to me that wasn't mine. And, to top it off, multiple fruit flies landed on my pancakes, getting stuck in the syrup. Yum.... And finally, upon getting up, I noticed a bumble bee along the window next to me. Inside. Hope no one's allergic to bee stings! Definitely one of the most unusual restaurant experiences I've had in a while...I went for brunch today for the first time. I ordered a fresh squeezed OJ and pancakes. I got the OJ, took a giant gulp and realized that there were two lipstick marks on the other side of the glass (I don't wear makeup). Gross! I called the waitress over and she said "that's gross!," too then proceeded to get me another glass. Needless to say, my appetite quickly left me. I was disappointed when the waitress did not offer to comp the OJ or actually apologize. Never going back!This place is kind of like Così, only slightly better. The menu has a lot on it - perhaps too much. When I sat down to eat, it took me forever to decide what to eat because the menu is slightly confused. I like diversity on a menu, but here, it's definitely too much. 
The prices aren't bad. Again, it's like Così, only a little more. 
One of the best parts is that it's open relatively late. If you're looking for a relatively inexpensive bite to eat in the area, this is a fairly reliable option.Stopped in midday for a drink on a hot afternoon. The whole place was quiet and empty.  After all it was around 2ish on a Tuesday. The specials board was done up with chalk and looked very arty. The bar was clean and the bartender regaled me with stories on how she was on a reality TV show a few years ago. All in all, it was alright, I can't  attest to their food quality or service since I did not order anything, but for a quick stop to grab a couple beers, it worked out well.Woke up looking for pancakes and found only bakeries for pastries and donuts near the hotel. We walked a bit past Rittenhouse Square and found this place with "Pancakes and Bacon" displayed prominently on the menu.  We went inside and weren't disappointed.  Fast service, reasonable prices, and the pancakes were up to par.  There really is something for everyone based on the lunch menu I read.  A pleasant surprise in an area dominated by bakeries.I love to support farm to table efforts, so generally those get 4-5 stars from me. I see this becoming a not thrilling but good option when I want a less meat-guilt-inducing cheesesteak (grass fed!). Service was also excellent - the waitress immediately rectified a slightly errant order and was very pleasant.I grab salads and smoothies (to go) from Marathon for lunch every now and then. They're food and service is consistently good and they have an extensive menu. When I do decide to dine in, I always come to this location because it's in a beautiful area and way less crowded than the other locations (one on Market and one on Samson).
Their food is locally sourced and always tastes fresh. My go to for lunch is the Moroccan Salmon Salad, and for breakfast/brunch is the Banana Almond Whole Wheat pancakes. Their omelets are also good, but nothing special. The green monster and mocha espresso yogurt smoothies are absolutely delicious, although a little pricey.I liked eating here though I didn't actually enjoy my meal. The eggs Benedict's holladaise sauce was just not quite on the mark, the potatoes were equally eh. Coffee was tasty. We all shared an order of the chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes...which were...well...surprisingly, creepily satisfying...gluttony.
Seriously though, the eggs benedict looked great but tasted forgettable.Solid dining experience. Plenty of tables available at 10am on a Saturday. Brunch, I had a Marathon Burger while dining partner has Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough pancakes. Priced right, service was solid. Excited to come back for drinks and sit outside when the weather gets nice.They don't have breakfast everyday but the do have a very small menu during the week. So I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries. The food came out in a decent manner and the sandwich was very tasty. The fries were a Home run, they were perfect. I would defiantly come back for lunch and the great view.The chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes are delicious!I don't usually eat at Marathon outside of breakfast/brunch (great blueberry pancakes BTW).  But in a pinch, on my way home from work, I got the Rittenhouse salad and butternut squash soup to take home for dinner one night.  O. M. G.  The soup was freakin amazing!  At one point, (and I'm ashamed to say this) I was calling on a daily basis asking if they had the squash soup.  Ridic.I've been to other Marathons at some point, and have experienced everything from good to awesome. My boyfriend and I were wandering around on Sunday and decided to pop into this particular one for brunch. We were immediately seated outside and moments later greeted by a friendly server who brought us coffee and took our order. Boyfriend ordered some fancy french toast. I ordered a basic breakfast of eggs, bacon, homefries, and toast.
If you think it's impossible to mess up a basic breakfast, let me introduce you to Marathon on the Square. What came to me was a pile of firmly-cooked scrambled eggs in a puddle of grease, a couple of pieces of potato in a pool of grease, and a few pieces of soggy bacon in a pond of grease. If the sun were brightly shining, I'm pretty sure I would have been blinded by glare.
I'm not exactly a picky diner, and I can count on one hand how many times I've sent something back to the kitchen. I grew up in Jersey diners, so I've had my share of greasy breakfasts. This mess was just inedible.
Our server offered to bring me a new plate of food, but I just requested it be taken away and off the bill. He did both, though offered no apology - it wasn't his fault, but it would have been a nice touch. I will not be back to this Marathon.Great matzo ball soup and breakfast quesadillas -- what a fun and yummy alternative to a breakfast burrito. Also enjoyed the pumpkin pancakes. We sat at the bar on a Saturday around noon and had great service from the friendly bartender. VERY reasonably priced and just an all-around solid place!So the atmosphere was nice but my soup was like warm and my salad (salmon) was "meh". Service was far from good but not horrible. I wouldn't recommend or go back here when there are so many other options.I went here with my fiance, another couple and their 2 year old daughter this past Saturday for Brunch.  If I was judging on service, food and beverage, my experience would yield 4 stars.  I have been to Marathon's before and knew what we were getting into - they do quick business and have a nice, casual atmosphere.  An excellently crafted Manhatten warmed me up nicely on this frigid February afternoon.  
However, after we finished our meals - 3 burgers and 1 buffalo chicken sandwich, we noticed mold on the two year old's cheese quesadilla. We brought it to the attention of our server and he immediately took it back and removed the item from our check.  That was nice of him, but the damage was already done.  She had already eaten three quarters of the quesadilla.  I used to work in the restaurant industry and I feel like this is a serious issue/violation.  In my opinion, you need to make sure the food you are serving is safe.  Period.  
Also, young children have weaker immune systems in the winter and this could really adversely affect her.  An apology from the manager was warranted and we did not get that.  That's poor form.Really pleasantly surprised on my first visit to Marathon this evening. I was slightly apprehensive as I was taking guests; a lot of Yelp reviews focussed on brunch here, making me think it might be a slightly `diner-ish' place.
I needn't have worried. The evening ambience was one of a reasonably upmarket restaurant, though the mood lighting was perhaps a little ill-judged (difficult to read the menu!)
The menu had a pleasant number of moderately healthy-sounding dishes, and lots of lovely fish. I was impressed to hear the waiter ask my guests how they would like their salmon cooked: this question is de rigeur for meat, but most places don't seem to realise that the same spectrum of 'doneness' exists for a meaty fish like salmon.
Delighted to see the rare treat of swordfish on the menu, I ordered that. It was perfectly cooked, still juicy and succulent, served on a generous helping of orzo pasta and spinach. The portion size was spot-on too: filling, but not overwhelming.
Best of all was that our attractive, tasty plates of food all had modest price tags. The other upmarket establishments around the Rittenhouse Square can be outrageously expensive.
One small complaint would be that we were seated near the door, which let in a blast of cold air whenever someone entered or left. The restaurant wasn't full, so I don't know why we weren't given a better table. Still, it was not significant enough to seriously detract from the meal.
Service was attentive but not overbearing. Admittedly we went on a Sunday night, likely not their busiest time. 
All in all a good experience, and I will return.Good food.  Poor service.  We went on a weekend for brunch. They told us the wait would be only 15 minutes.  After 30 minutes of standing there in a packed room, I asked the hostess for another estimate.  She again told me 15 minutes wait!  I was a bit upset but we waited anyway.  The food was pretty good but not good enough to endure the frustration and annoyance of it all.  The service was also quite poor once we had sat down.  We had to ask for a glass of water three times before it finally arrived.  Will I give it another shot?  Not sure.The food is good here with a nice menu..just make sure you eat at restaurant and Do Not do take out
 They never can get the order correctThis is our go to neighborhood place for a close, convenient breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  I have never had a bad experience or a bad meal here, and I've been there more times than I remember.  My only complaint is they are extremely stingy with their ketchup.  They bring it in a tiny metal cup that is usually about a 1/3 full.  Just bring me the bottle please:). The prices are very reasonable for the neighborhood.  I recommend it.Marathon does free deliveries on grub hub now!!! 
Fast service.
Same old food...but if you're in a pinch for a burger/sandwich/salad it's nice.
The smoothies are great! Love the mixed berry with honey!I decided to treat myself to a nice meal and I'm so glad I chose Marathon on the Square.
The ambiance is great.  Non-pretentious chandeliers, mood lighting, and I was able to sit at the table by the window so I could people (and dog) watch.  Good start!
The elderflower collins was a fantastic drink, and I chose to ignore the price tag, because I was feeling fancy.  I had two ;) big spender, I know.  They were just so good.
I also ordered the vegetable capellini, which was full of asparagus, tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach, and garlic.  It was a good amount of food and I was very happy with it.  A wanton chocolate chip made its way onto my plate, so that was quite strange, but the server and I had a laugh about it. 
Overall, a great experience, and I will certainly be back soon!I've lived in Rittenhouse the entirety of my Philly experience and Marathon is a staple. A HUGE plus - they have a dry Rose on the wine menu, very tough to find.
Too lazy to make dinner and I'm in need of quality take-out? Marathon...My parents are in town and someone is a picky eater? Marathon. It's a beautiful day and I'm in need for a post-mass bloody mary outside? Uh, you guessed it, Marathon. 
Their salads are fail-safe (add the chicken or salmon and you will not be disappointed) and when you're feeling less healthy, opt for the bolognese, the burger or the club sandwich with sweet potato (or regular) fries. Simply fresh and unpretentious food served by a friendly service staff in a comfortable setting fit for any occasion. A few of my favorite (Mar
Brunch: Smoked Salmon Scramble, loaded with salmon, capers, spinach, white onions and tomatoes. I get the fresh fruit (sub strawberries) or spinach on the side. Marathon's steamed spinach is amazing, truly, I hate spinach but it's so good here - trust me (unless you're not a fan of garlic).
Lunch: Baby Kale & Quinoa Salad: Add Moroccan Chicken - it's topped with tons of grilled veggies (asparagus, mushrooms, onions, zucchini, roasted tomatoes) and has a light lemon vinaigrette. Less healthy: Turkey Club with the basil aioli and sweet potato fries, so good.
Dinner: Blackened Chicken Quesadilla or add blackened chicken to the Marathon Caesar salad. Pasta Bolognese if you're craving a good quality pasta dish.Don't bring your family or kids here. The place was empty and they gave us a hard time about having our kids here. Stay away.I like that I can count on Marathon for a good salad and a plate o' hummus when that's exactly what I'm craving (which is fairly often). I'll be honest--I haven't strayed far from their salad menu, (aptly dubbed the control freak menu), which lets you pick the lettuce, toppings, and dressing you want. It's dependable and decent--not particularly interesting--but certainly a good place to go with a group, when you're trying to please many different palates. Do beware, that if you order bread just to munch on, or ask for extra pita with your hummus plate, you will be charged!I get take-out from here very frequently. I normally get the sandwiches, all of which are very reasonably priced and excellent.
My favorite sandwiches are the Sirloin Burger and BBQ Pork sandwich. They're admittedly very close to the stuff at Village Whiskey, and very good.
In short, the food is solid, the place looks good, but Philly has enough "Wow" places that Marathon on the Square gets 4 stars, not 5.Went with my family for brunch. Told us the wait was 15-20 minutes. After 25 minutes, we asked and were told it'd be another 45. When we asked the original staff member he acted like he didn't know what we were talking about. The owner apologized but said there was nothing he could do. Bottom line, abysmal customer service - this restaurant was way in over its head and too disorganized to be a reputable brunch spot.The salmon burger was a bit dry for my taste. The "Marathons" used to be my favorite restaurants in Philly, but they have fallen off considerably. The last time my bf and I went to this location, the place was completely empty except for us. I think it was 8:00 on a Friday or Saturday, so that was strange.
I prefer Marathon for breakfast/brunch. They get a little lazy with their lunch and dinner.Had a fantastic brunch here with three friends.  We showed up at 10am without a reservation, so seating was not a problem.  As a DC resident, I found the prices shockingly reasonable, especially the generous portions and delicious food.  I enjoyed the vegetable quiche, which was mainly cheese (mmm...cheese), so basically it was the best quiche ever (seriously, great texture, vegetables were well incorporated, just delicious). One friend got the burger, which came with some of the best sweet potato fries I've ever had.  Overall, fantastic food for a reasonable price!Went here for breakfast after the gym today.  This location is super loud but I feel like marathon is a good little chain that I can appreciate.  They have their own marathon farm in brewery town which seems cool and anytime I've been here the staff has been excellent. 
Note the tofu scramble has butter unless you ask for it I be vegan 
I really appreciate all the vegan options at such a classically typical establishment.I love Marathon. The brunch is incredible and I haven't found a better salad for a casual lunch. Everything is always fresh and I can almost always be seated quickly. I also love that they have outdoor seating. Basically just an all-around solid restaurant.I used to love coming here! Was always a reliable meal in a really nice location. However I went this past weekend, and the food was such a let down. Two of us order the tofu scramble and the tofu definitely was scrambled. It was a soggy mess of squares of tofu w greedy vegetables. Our server also could not have been stranger. I feel like he was on something and was super unprofessional.Marathon is a no-nonsense, American style eatery.  They offer straightforward salads, sandwiches, burgers and entrees.  The wine and beer is list is varied enough to pair something appropriate with your order.  They have outdoor seating for when the weather is nice, and I bring my dog with me when I go.  This is a solid option for someone looking for an affordable meal on the Square.What drew me to Marathon was the fact you can control how healthy your meals are. Your burger options range from lean salmon to fatty beef. Likewise you can choose to have your burger with salad or fries. 
I ended up trying the turkey burger with a side of Caesar salad. Flavor wise, the burger  was well balanced with turkey, apples, gouda, and dijon mustard. Although the  menu said the patty would be topped with bacon I was not fortunate enough to receive any. The accompanying Caesar salad was poorly dressed and therefore bland. 
Keeping with my healthy theme, I washed my salad down with a green smoothie. The smoothie was almost dessert like in that you couldn't tell there was any spinach in it due to the frozen yogurt base. I personally prefer having a slightly raw taste in my green drinks; however, I appreciated this approachable take on a healthy item. 
All in all, I enjoyed my meal at Marathon. Although my burger was missing bacon and my Caesar salad was bland, I still left satisfied. I will definitely return.I give this place 3 stars, at best. It has a great location, but that is by far the best part. The food is decent, I'd recommend breakfast or the lunch and dinner specials. Prices are reasonable for the portions and quality considering the area. My continued gripe for the 4 years I've lived here is the service. So bad. Sometimes rude. I almost think they try to hire less experienced servers. They don't refill water, they don't own up to their mistakes, and the hostesses always seat me and my guest in the most annoying small area, even when it's not full. The front could use a lesson in customer service.Somehow this has recently become my go-to weeknight wine and calamari bar.  It's more than a typical sports bar in the fact you feel a bit more elegant, yet perfect to grab a good meal and wine and watch the game.  Service is great and you'll tend to notice there is your local crowd stopping in for some warmth and a good dinner on their trudge home from a long day's work.Overall a very pleasant experience.
We went for brunch and I got the ham and pepper omelette which was cheesy, flavorful, and cooked perfectly. My fiance got the marathon breakfast with the banana pancakes. The pancakes had a little crisp to them which we found very nice.
The service was good, the coffee was fresh, and the price was great. Great option for brunch. I look forward to trying lunch and dinner.
Edit 04/07/14 - I am giving this place an extra star. I've been here several times now for lunch and dinner and its always great. I highly recommend the Moroccan meatballs, meatloaf, turkey burger, and chicken pot pie.We just had salads here and they were pretty average in our opinion (nothing exciting).
The wine list was extremely good and we had an excellent Sauvignon Blanc for a good price.
Looks more of a breakfast place though... they seemed to have some good/organic smoothies as well as other interesting brekky options, so may be worth a try for breakfast instead...I had a great meal & great service! Two things that are a must in any restaurant. I ordered the grilled salmon which was excellent! The sides were just as good, mashed potatoes & asparagus. I don't live in the area, but would go back anytime I am here in philly.This particular Marathon (haven't been to the one on Sansom) serves up consistently good and reliable food. It's one of those places where you always know what you're going to get, but still delicious. Pretty much everything on the menu is a good pick. I think this place stays busy because of the consistency.We come here frequently for brunch - the food is usually decent and consistent - and there is normally little to no wait. The service has always been wishy washy, but today it was particularly horrific.
We were seated and ordered our drinks and food. We never get our drinks. The food comes out. Our order is wrong. The busser takes the wrong food back. I also mention we still don't have our drinks. We get the food again, still no drinks, he says he's working on it. About halfway through our meal our waitress brings over my boyfriends coffee and a hot tea for me (it's wrong, I'd asked for iced tea) - totally unapologetic that we aren't receiving our drinks until halfway through our meal. Awhile later I finally get my iced tea, again, no apology. 
We go to eat our pancakes - we weren't given syrup. We wait to catch our waitress or anyone for 5 minutes to no avail. Finally I walk to the bar and just ask there.
Overall just a terrible experience and the food was the worst it's ever been to boot. 
I still tipped 20% because that's just how I am - I can only hope some went to the busser because he is the only one who even remotely tried to help us. Meh. I wouldn't have even care if the woman had just leveled with me and said listen we're swamped and I'm sorry, but she was acting as if this was totally normal.
Just be prepared to roll the dice on your experience hereThis has become a hung-over Sunday tradition for us.  Despite being busy, we're always seated quickly, the staff is always friendly and the waiters attentive.  The staff also seem to know the menu well and can recommend food based on what you're craving.
The spinach smoothie is actually really good, try it.
Pancakes are a little on the dense side, but that's an observation, not a complaint.
Omelettes are quite large and paired with the potatoes and bread, make a pretty big meal.
The waffle has a great flavor to it, but it's a little too dense for my taste.
Sandwiches are a great size with a very good combination of sauces and quality ingredients.  It really tastes like they're prepping it all themselves from scratch in the back and not buying presliced meats like so many other places.
Mixed drinks are well made, although if you're just here for mimosa's and bloody mary's, there's plenty of better places to go.
Hint: you can double park on the right side outfront on Sundays since this is where the church crowd gets permission to park.I've been here for brunch and dinner and you can never go wrong! No matter what you get, you have to get the Elijah's Mac and cheese for an appetizer to split! It is the bombdotcom! Also the waiters and waitresses are always honest with their recommendations and hardly ever wrong with their special's suggestions. Even though the place is nice, it's not pricey at all. I've had eggs Benedict, jambalaya, pork sirloin, and chocolate molten bundt cake at various times, and all were fantastic.This is the place to go if you want good, cheap food and friendly, attentive service. It also has a wide ranging menu so is good for large groups. It's not the best restaurant in town, no, but it perfectly serves a particular need.Mind you, this is for the take-out portion of Marathon on the Square. Haven't quite had the opportunity to dine in yet!
On my walk home, I had a sudden craving for a juicy burger and then before my eyes, Marathon came into my view! I settled for the Marathon burger because it sounded amazing: 8 oz house blend burger with Vermont cheddar, bacon, caramelized onions. Are you salivating yet?! I ordered my burger medium because I like my burgers pink in the middle. Unfortunately, it was more on the rare side. And the burger itself was a little disappointing. Again, it could have been the fact that I ordered take-out, but the flavors that were so eye-catching on the menu were indistinguishable in person. 
The staff and the ambiance were lovely, so I'll definitely have to try again. Until then, this is my standing review.Marathon on the Square is okay.  Just okay.  Dining is casual and food is predictable.  It is inexpensive and I think you can safely expect the meal to be what you pay for.  The service, though, is generally on the weak side, even at times when the dining room does not appear to be too busy.  Waiting for seemingly uncomplicated things like drink refills or the check can take a curiously longer amount of time than anticipated.  
It's a safe, inexpensive restaurant, but I would not recommend it if prompt service is required for your dining experience.I remember going to Marathon On The Square many years ago when it first opened but I forgot how AMAZING the food was until my recent visit!!! The food is not only amazeballs and the portions are very large, they run the restaurant like a master clocksmith keeps Big Ben on time!!! I really love this restaurant! The staff seems to be constantly in motion with no time to stand around and do nothing. For the past couple of weeks I have found myself sitting at the bar/counter to avoid the packed restaurant during brunch hours getting to know the many customers who frequent the restaurant. The prices generally run $10.00 to $11.50 which I think is pretty reasonable considering the large portions! If you decide to do brunch, you have got to order the "Banana Bread French Toast" which is more like a desert than a breakfast! It's my new favorite!!! If you decide to pull up to the bar..... Ask for Jason and tell him Christian sent you!!!!Decent place for breakfast/brunch.  Have been here a few times and the food was always good.  Went this past weekend and still agree.  
Had 2 eggs over medium, cooked perfectly.  Potatoes were good, although some were still a little hard.  Also ordered a side of banana pancakes and they were almost inedible unfortunately.  They were so thick and dense that I though I was eating bread.  Plus it looked like they were only cooked on one side...and that one side was burnt.  The more burnt pancake was discreetly hidden on the bottom.  The other side of both pancakes was still semi-raw.  Sad! 
Good strong coffee though, and friendly service.DOG FRIENDLY! We came here to sit outdoors because my friend had her dog with her. The host was very accommodating and we were seated right away on a Sunday at 12:30 without a reservation. The menu had a lot of different options, including some specials which made it tough to decide what I wanted! I ended up getting the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich which came with homefries. It was a pretty standard sandwich. Others in my party got the turkey burger and veggie burger which both looked fantastic, and paired with fresh salads. You can't beat the location and prices either.Exceptional service; exceptional food!  Thank you for another wonderful lunch and a great experience.Good brunch selection, nice bloody mary, generally agreeable staff.  Be prepared for a wait on weekends.We're not sure what happened to this restaurant, but we were there today and had to leave. In the past we've had a good experience here, but what is it? Management? Or mismanagement? An empty restaurant, 15 minutes later, we didn't even have water, I guess the manager and staff were taking a break.Marathon almost always hits the spot for me, for any meal, whether I am hanging out with locals or out-of-towners.  They are very veggie friendly and their servers are routinely perceptive, patient, and sweet.  
Unfortunately, their hours can be inconsistent, possible based on who is watching? Also, oddly, they don't serve Yuengling.My husband and I made a long weekend trip to Philly during the first full weekend of September.  We dined at many restaurants during our stay, most of which were recommended by friends who live in the area, and also by google/yelp research.  We were recommended to eat at a place called Tria, so we actually dined there a couple of hours before we went to Marathon.  We wanted to walk around and get a drink/find a new place and boy did we luck out!  After easily finding a nice spot at the bar, we ordered a drink and the husband ordered a sundae for dessert.  As we looked over the menu, we quickly regretted not eating at Marathon for dinner!  The food looked and smelled amazing and our bartender, Cait, was probably the loveliest, funniest, nicest person we had encountered in Philly thus far.  
She made our two drinks wonderfully, strong, fresh and flavorful.  We chatted about many things and stayed until well after the sun had set.  Since we had already eaten, I decided I wanted a side (or two) of sauteed spinach, which was cooked perfectly.  
We would have liked to eat more, but it being our last night in the city, we had run out of time.  When we visit Philadelphia again, this will most definitely be our first stop for food.  
I am shocked that this was not one of the places that the friend had suggested, but it was one of our favorite places of the trip.Marathon is a Community Mainstay for Affordable, Healthy Comfort Food.  Over the years, Marathon on the Square has soundly provided healthy, creative, affordable comfort food to me, my family, friends and other loved ones.  Marathon on the Square is a mainstay in my community because of its extensive hours of operation, healthy menu options that accommodate various dietary needs and wishes, and respectful service.   And yes-Marathon caters and delivers.  Big thumbs up to Marathon.Hostess Has a Responsibility
I was in Philadelphia for just a few days and came upon this gem. The menu has lots of healthy diverse options at reasonable prices.  Wine selection good and also at moderate prices. Location just on the edge of the park at Rittenhouse Square.  So what's with the title?  It's a drag to be seated and not get waited on!  I don't believe it intentional but rather I was at the "unclaimed" server table but duh, the hostess is too busy chit-chatting to realize that the person she seated 20 minutes ago hasn't received a glass of water and duh, the person she sat after her is sipping a glass of wine.  I watched this unfold and finally flagged down the woman who was hostess - there was actually a change in command in the window that I had arrived.  Other than that the server was great and I ate there two evenings in a row.This place is an all around solid and great restaurant. Great location, nice ambiance, modern decor, good vibe, outdoor seating. The food is delicious and consistent and very fairly priced. The cocktails are some of the best in town although they are a little on the small side. My wife loves the "adult milkshakes."
Tonight, I had the chicken noodle soup which was obviously homemade but nothing too special and the chicken quesadillas which were really good. My wife LOVED her Moroccan Salmon Salad! The salmon was perfectly cooked and had a delicious cinnamon rub. She switched out the greens for kale and was very pleased. 
I've had burgers here before as well as some of their specials and was always satisfied.  
Definitely recommend this place for solid, delicious, fairly priced (if a little unimagined) food.Marathon is a philly staple for an easy sit-down lunch. They have a variety of sandwiches, salads, etc so you can be sure to find something you like on the menu. I especially love the blackened chicken quesadilla. The atmosphere is open and clean, with lots of windows and natural light. On a nice spring day I love to sit at the outdoor picnic tables. The food and service are always good, making this an easy choice for a quick lunch in the city!My favorite Marathon Grill. This is my go to for take out when I don't feel like cooking and my go to for brunch when I don't feel like thinking. I've eaten dozens of things on the menu, never have I had a bad experience. I love the decor of this location and the relaxed atmosphere. Some favorites are the breakfast items, the turkey club, the burger (get ready to not move for hours), and many of the salads.The food is kind of boring, the ingredients don't stand out for freshness and so I always come away feeling "meh". Bar service is very good.A classic. Food is always great here. Best brunch spot. Can be a bit noisy. 
Best outdoor dining in Rittenhouse. South 19th does not get much traffic as compared to sitting at second and market and getting choked by Septa bus fumes. Be prepared to wait on weekend mornings - however the full bar can help you pass the time. Its worth the wait.Just went for brunch this morning. Overall, pretty satisfied with the meal, but there were a couple low points:
1. Our waitress was a little out of touch. She forgot our side order of bacon (for the best in the end, as we were really full - so large portions are a plus!). We also used a google offer of $8 for $16 with free soup, and she had to redo the check twice after she forgot to do the discount and then forgot about the soup.
2. The food was mostly pretty good. Manhatten clam chowder was decent, and served in a heaping bowl. Not amazing though. Banana Brioche french toast was excellent. Cheesesteak was fine, definitely nothing special.
Looking back, this review did not need numbered points, as there were only 2. Oh well. I'd go back, especially for brunch, but I'm not dying to.What to do for lunch on a cold Sunday afternoon ...A bowl of Matzoh Ball soup hits the spot... Light broth and plenty of floating chicken... Then we shared a cheeseburger platter (split on two plates and served by the cutest little waitress)
Home made fries done to perfection... A perfect lunch at a reasonable price...A Brunch/breakfast spot with decent food and outdoor seating...also dog friendly if you're seated outside.  I was lucky enough to find this spot on a nice day, after a few days of rain, and ordered a bagel with lox.  The bagel was decent and the cream cheese came out in the pre-packaged little containers.  The food was decent, but nothing special.  The waitress was very attentive and the service was quick, so I can't complain.I went there for lunch and was impressed. The portions are generous, the service was attentive, and the food was really good!
I would recommend this place to anyone!This place is a good standby. Nothing is particularly excellent, but the food is consistently good. Their Cobb salad is my favorite, but they have a good variety that you can usually find something you're in the mood for. The location is great and they have a nice outdoor seating. Their happy hour specials are pretty decent, too.Had lunch/brunch on a Saturday and we enjoyed it immensely.  Cheese steaks were hot and fresh, the special bacon grilled cheese sandwich was so good--crispy and melty. I had the Dark and Stormy cocktail and it hit the spot, equallt relaxing and refreshing. The coffee was perfect.The worst service, overpriced food, loud room with terrible acoustics, rude management. I will never go to Marathon again. 
I'd been to the various Marathon locations multiple times over the last couple of years, and always thought it was okay. No more. My experience here this summer has made me decide never to return. 
I ordered the steak frites medium rare and received it very over cooked. When I asked to have it replaced, not only was I given a hard time by my waiter, but when I was told that the manager would speak with me, he never came over. Later I approached him to ask what was going on as I waited another 45 minutes for my meal, and he was aware of the situation but entirely unapologetic. 
Never again.This has good service and good food but the stay away from the nachos! I swear all they did was heat up pasta sauce and add spice then threw cheese on top of the sauce..... unmelted. I love their smoothies and the salmon Moroccan salad is great but those nachos Just sad.I used to eat here five days a week. Really. For years... and I wasn't sick of it. The servers knew what I wanted without asking (even special requests). They brought my soda to the table the first time they came. Again, the just knew. The food always came quickly and it was always right... and always good. MOTS is a block from my office and I could reliably get in and out in less than an hour. It was predictable.
One day during the summer everything changed. Everything was still reliable. Reliably unpredictable. Sometimes I wait for 10-15 minutes just for a soda and the opportunity to order. More than once, I waited for an hour for lunch (a salad). Sometimes it took 10-15 minutes to get my check. Soup was cold. Food was wrong. I stopped going. Every so often I go back... just to see if maybe things are better. No luck yet. 
I can walk 5 blocks further, have lunch nearly anywhere else, and be back in the office more quickly. Every so often I want one of my old favorites on the MOTS menu. So... I try it again. It just hasn't been totally right since. I still really like the Center City Salad... and the Vegetarian Chili... but it's not the same. Disappointing.This is my local comfort food place. Truly the best of the Marathons that remain. Great for breakfast, brunch or dinner when you don't feel like cooking and just want eat a good meal.I was at first inclined to give Marathon a 4 because it feels like 5s should be reserved for extremely exceptional places - but I couldn't really think of a significant con to this restaurant short of "it's not an extremely exceptional place."  So I guess this is more a 4.5, rounded up.
General pros:
- Prices are very reasonable 
- Service has always been stellar and friendly for me. We live close by, so we've eaten here repeatedly, both inside and outside, and also at the bar.  Waiters/bartenders are prompt, as is the food.
- The outdoor seating is particularly nice - not a bad view, comfortable seats, and ample room.  Great for those with pets!
- It's open late and they do takeout
Food:
The food has never disappointed me here, but there are definitely some things that are just average (though again, never bad or subpar).  There are also some really unique and yummy things on the menu - the cheesesteak wontons are delicious, and served with cheese and a twist of sriracha (go during happy hour to get these on the cheap!).  The matzah ball soup is great, a great variation/alternative to chicken noodle.  And the apple pie a la mode (while not all that unique) might actually be the best apple pie I've ever had: the perfect blend of flaky crust and caramel cinnamon apples served warm.  Portions are generous but not overwhelming.  The local/fresh food is a neat little bonus - always a good thing to support.  
Overall, it's no michelin star gourmet dining experience, but it's comparably inexpensive for the quality/amount that you get, and it's a convenient, comfortable, reliable place.I came here for brunch with one of my friends. They have a good brunch menu and are pretty accomodating with special requests. The food is here good, standard brunch food that is quite filling. I got their breakfast burrito and barely managed to finish it. It is a short walk away from Rittenhouse Square and is definitely cheaper than some places directly on the square itself. I love the clean and sleek atmosphere about this place too!Fabulous!! Found on Yelp... What a great place!!! Friendly staff, great food!! I had the blackened chicken press... A-mazing!!! Highly recommend!!!!! My friend had the marathon burger and loved it!!!!I always thought of Marathon as an upscale neighborhood diner which I frequented and enjoyed.  Now, with the new Menu, new fancy plates, high prices and  servers asking you 10 times during your meal if it is okay, I am no longer a fan.  Every item on the menu that I enjoyed is gone.  When I attempted twice to try things from the new menu, it was so poorly prepared it was inedible.  They had a Brunch item called Breakfast Bread baked on the premises.  It was sliced bought bread (and they were out of the cinammin cream cheese touted as the side) for $6 - are you kidding?  I could get a full basket of fresh baked bread for free at Parc.  I will not be returning.Server Jen was very knowledgeable and helpful. Food was delicious.
Atmosphere is also very chill. Laid back music and good vibes all around. Next time I make it back to Philly I will definitely be coming back.I've found that whenever I go grocery shopping, I tend to gravitate toward fruits and veggies that come with stamps attached. The fruit stamp, that "holy-grail-of-seal-of-approvals" is reassuring....
Finding the fruit stamp in my cooked food is not. 
Two stars.....one for each of the shrimp that came in my 'calamari and grilled shrimp' salad.Delicious. Came here on a Saturday around 11:30 and were seated immediately. Our server came over quickly (almost too quickly) and took our order. I had one of the brunch specials which was eggs, ham, cheddar and avocado on a pretzel croissant. It was delicious. Everything was perfectly done and presented. My SO had a waffle with fresh fruit which was also quite good. We each had one of their smoothies which were hands down some of the best. All in all a fantastic and very reasonably priced brunch. Will definitely be back.I found a hair in my food had the marathon sampler and found a hair fried into My calamari ! The only thing they did was ask if I wanted something else .. I should have realized that they were dirty when I saw flies and sticky floors :(! Regret eating hereI've been here twice--once for dinner, and once for brunch. Brunch was  phenomenal, while dinner was slightly above average American pub fare. I appreciate Marathon's lack of attitude despite its proximity to Rittenhouse. The food is simple, honest, and fresh; the service is friendly; and the price is fair. Marathon is a very solid neighborhood joint--nothing less, nothing more.I think this place deserves its 3 star rating. It's average. I've come here a few times now for brunch and happy hour, and it's a solid choice. I love it in the summer when they have tables outside on 19th street. For brunch, they never seem to have a terrible wait. I think the longest I've waited was 20 min. They have a good amount of lunch options on the brunch menu, which I like. The salmon burger is pretty good, and I love that you can sub a salad for fries on the side for no extra charge. 
Their happy hour menu is pretty weak. 3 beers for $3, but the Yards was the only decent choice the other day (no thanks, tasteless domestic drafts). They also have $5 cocktails, but the margarita I had the other day was a little too tart for my liking. And the only food they offer are the cheesesteak wontons and fried calamari appetizers, each $5.I ate here all the time when I lived across the street, and I come back to it often when I'm back in Rittenhouse and want a no-fuss, reliable, reasonably priced, quality lunch/dinner. The Yelp reviews don't do the place justice. I have pretty high standards for Philly restaurants so I'm not sure why people beat up on this Marathon. My guess is that people have the wrong expectations. You should think of it as an upscale diner, not as a trendy restaurant. They do some dishes very well, and usually very consistently. The burger is always great. The Moroccan salmon salad is a great value and very tasty. Service is friendly. Beer selection is solid. Give it a go!Marathon serves a decent, efficient breakfast.  Three of us went in on a Saturday morning and 45 minutes later we walked out having enjoyed to omeletes and a breakfast quesadilla.  All the food was fresh and done well.  The presentation was nothing to write home- nor complain- about and both the coffee and ice coffee were satisfying.  The total price tag (including tip) was $45 which seems somewhat high for three fairly basic morning meals, but it was not unexpected.  
I'd go back to Marathon for breakfast and will give it a shot for lunch on a return trip to Philly.Great place! Love the atmosphere and excellent service! Ordered the swordfish sandwich and Tuna wrap. Both unique in some ways and completely delicious. Definitely recommended!I am obsessed with this place.  Every time I get the Moroccan salmon salad and french fries as an appetizer and it's delicious.  The service can be a little off when they are busy, but usually they are very friendly and I love the indoor/outdoor feel.Absolutely fantastic management and team with great prices and solid food.  We had a table of 20+ and the manager was able to seat us all, even with last minute additions.  Everyone was happy with the food, especially the Marathon burgers and the turkey platters.  The veggie burger was a hit as well.  If you are in the mood for the 1/2 rotisserie chicken, get here early as they ran out by 8 pm tonight.  The service was great and it's a good option for a group dinner.I had the caprese sandwich (delicious) and fries. The fries were shoestring and super greasy. Great beer selection and easy location right next to rittenhouse. I would go back just for the sandwich and beer!
I came back again to this place last night and had the same sandwich(the center city) or something like that. Seriously great flavor! I will go back just for the sandwich !Highlight: Speaking for the brunch menu that we had on Saturday. We ordered the Grilled Chicken Omelette and the Salmon Egg Scramble and Perrogis. Overall: food is heavy just as American brunch is known for, dishes were a little too salty, or too bland, or too oily. Service can get busy so definitely make a reservation in Philly for any brunch interests b/c the lines are insane here. Great spot with scenic views b/c it is right by Rittenhouse Square for those who want easy access to the park and rest of Philly while they are visiting or running errands. They do make excellent muffins, however. Definitely get a 1.80$ muffin to munch on while you are waiting in line or waiting for food. 
Food:
1. Salmon Scramble- smoked salmon is known to be salty- and if you want a salty dish, then you want this one. The first few bites are awesome, but the portion size is large to the point that the last few bites get to be a bit of a struggle bc once the food cools down, without much other seasoning (there are capers and pepper in this), you really are eating a salty salmon-y scramble. Comes with potato wedges to dip in ketchup. 
2. Grilled chicken omellete with broccoli- I thought this dish was the opposite- it was quite bland. I think they could have flavored this dish more with more herbs/dimensions/salt. If you're someone super health conscious and want something with almost no salt and more fiber and less butter/oil then order this dish. 
3. Perrogi- these, I learned were dumplings that are fried with mashed potatoes inside. This place has theirs with cheddar-if you want a very heavy dish that is alittle bland in terms of texture variety, potatoey, and filling- then this is your go to comfort food! 
4. Muffins: the corn muffin is EXCELLENT. they have blueberry and chocolate chip as the other 2 options, but you really want this corn muffin. 6/5 anyday 
Service: Call and make reservations. Philly brunch scene on weekends is insane- can wait up to 1 hr for many places.Dear Marathon, today you served me the tiniest turkey breakfast sausage patti I've ever seen someone try to hide with a ridiculous amount of over cooked eggs on the biggest breakfast bun I've ever seen for $8. You also served my boyfriend completely over cooked eggs benedict on an UNTOASTED English muffin for $10.50. The other thing that happened was the breakfast sandwich I ordered from the menu ONLINE was not the sandwich I received. When I called you to see what's up with the missing avacado and aioli from my sandwich you informed me that "You must have an old menu because there is no sandwich like that on our menu."   When I informed you that it was from your online menu you said something about getting IT to correct it and that you were sorry and then hung up. Firstly, why would you remove those delicious ingrdients from that sandwich only to make it mediocre? And secondly' I've worked in the service industry for a while, that is not how you deal with a mistake your company made. Parc is right around the corner and for $4.50 more I can get some of the best eggs benedict in Philly. For another $5 I could've ordered the Croque Madame which is seriously one of the best things I've ever tasted.  $9.50 is the difference between over cooked and perfectly cooked eggs. Also, Parc's service is always incredible. Consider ALLLLL the other amazing, affordable brunch places in the city before Marathon Grill. There's always a better choice.  My order was placed on 1/13/13 under the name Sam for reference.very good meal with lots of options to please everyone. friendly service. Good veggie burgers with sweet potato fries, salads, cheesesteaks, chicken, mac and cheese. Good happy hour $3 beer specials.I love Marathon because the food is consistently good without breaking the bank. I ended up there twice last week out of a desire to sit outside in the beautiful weather.
I'm not sure what was going on with the waitstaff, but the service was incredibly slow on both occasions. My friend and I sat outside on Friday afternoon for lunch and the service was so slow that we were both late getting back to work. Really late. I ordered a Cobb salad and she ordered the BBQ pork sandwich and service took forever. When we were done it was twenty minutes before the waitress brought the check and then she disappeared again with my credit card.
I went back with my boyfriend for brunch over the weekend and it was halfway through our meal that we finally got ice water. Refills on coffee and iced tea were slow as anything and again it took forever to get and pay the bill. I always tip 20%, but this repeat incident made me drop down to 18%.
Anyway, I will go back for the consistently good (and reasonable) menu, but I really hope that they resolve this issue!I recommend this place.  It is a good location.  Right off the square.  Parking is a bit tough.  The service is just ok.  But the food is very good.  I like the options for a vegetarian.  Also one of the best brunch places I know.  Not so good for big parties.  Try it.  You will like it.The burger was great and I'm not even a big meat fan. I asked for medium rare and they didn't burn it. The salads are tasty, breakfasts too.
The wait staff is friendly and the African bread man is nice to look at. 
I go to this place because it is close to my job and not as busy as the other Marathon restaurants. It's fairly priced, clean, and you can eat outside if you like. 
This place is just an American-cuisine spot that is not too showy yet is still part of a chain--so don't expect the most fantastic experience of your life. But it's a good place to come to for breakfast, lunch, brunch, dinner, and even come with a bar. Right in your neighborhood...if you live in Rittenhouse, that is.I am only in the Rittenhouse Square area on rare occasions so the only reason that I went to marathon on the Square in the first place is that I know a server, Yvonne, who works there. She was at the front to greet me and sat my friend and I at a nice window table looking out on 19th Street. Yvonne gave us time to look over the menu and she made helpful suggestions. My friend ordered the vegetarian chili to start while I had the calamari. The chili looked thick and hearty and was an ample portion for an appetizer. The calamari was not overly fried  and came flecked with a few hot pepper slices which I could have used more of. Yvonne instructed me to ask for extra peppers next time. Still tasty though.
For our entrees my friend ordered the organic meatloaf platter which came with mashed potatoes, wilted spinach, and barbeque sauce. I had the Crispy Chicken Parmesan which was served over capellini with marinara, mozzarella, and parmigiano-reggiano. Some basil in there also. Straight forward simple meals, well executed without being pretentious. Both of us could only eat half of our entrees and got the rest to go. We had no room left for dessert. Maybe another time. 
The meal was fairly paced though the entrees came out while we were still on the first course. So Yvonne had to hold them back for a few minutes. But that is a good problem rather than having the entrees take forever after the appetizers. 
When we left the dining room was only one-third full. Yvonne said that it would be busy and steady later on. So we missed the rush. We left around 12:30pm. 
I would recommend this restaurant because the service was very good, the food was all excellent, and the ambience was nice, especially if you like the oldies music that was playing throughout our stay. A neighborhood institution that performs well and is not going anywhere anytime soon.I really like Marathon on the Square.  It's a fabulous place for lunch or dinner, and they have a nice selection of food and booze.  I came here for lunch in the later afternoon, and it was pretty empty.  I'm not sure what the service would be like if it were more crowded, but we had a very prompt and attentive waitress that seemed like she would be just as good with ten full tables as she was with two.  I had the Marathon Salad, and my friend had the grilled chicken cobb salad.  Both were excellent, and they make all their dressings from scratch, with I think is a huge bonus.  We also had a side of fries, which were delicious.  I had a jasmine tea with my meal, and it was also excellent.  For dessert, we tried their Philadelphia Cheesecake, which was really good.  I think Marathon is a great place to go in Rittenhouse for excellent food at a reasonable price.  I will definitely be returning.I just came in to redeem my groupon that expired on Dec 1st. I am flying to Los Angeles tonight and did not have time to dine in. The fine print on the groupon required that I did. I spoke to the hostess about my situation and she said she thought she could help. Then a second waitress with her back to me whispered to the first girl that it was a no go. I asked if they could make an exception given my circumstances. The girl with her back to me again whispered to not let me have my way. I asked to speak to the manager and reiterated my case. He told me that it was my fault for leaving the groupon to the last minute and that he would not budge and give me takeout. 
The end result is he left a potential customer pissed off and someone who will never again dine in their establishment. Terrible customer service for a very minor issue.Terrible service, and they changed the menu, which is now a shell of it's former self. What a shame, this place used to be great.The best thing about Marathon is the Happy Hour from 5-7 and the Late Happy Hour, from 10pm - close. $2 draft beers, $3 martinis in four flavors, and huge $4 flatbreads with gorgonzola, pears, and walnuts (normally $9). This is when the Marathon On The Square becomes a good deal, especially for the pleasant, chic, upscale-but-not-stuffy, atmosphere.
The largely 'comfort foods', 'breakfast foods', salads, and fancy sandwiches menu really seems hit and miss, a lot of it overpriced come the end of Happy Hour. The frittata was the worst frittata I've ever had in my life. It tasted like someone poured raw beated egg into a porcelin ramekin and nuked it for a minute or two. (The waitress claimed that the restaurant doesn't own a microwave, but the rubbery taste suggested otherwise). A lot of items are mediocre. The calamari is good if you have a strong stomach for excess grease. The sweet potato mash has been great on all occasions, and the arugula salad with lemony dressing was appropriately airy. Desserts here are a little basic  (apple pie, brownie with ice cream)-- banana bread pudding is the shape and weight of a small brick. I say find something you like and don't venture off the beaten path much. Or just come for Happy Hour with friends.Last night Alicia and I were tearing up the town, running from one place to another and realized "oh crap, we really need to eat!" Lo and behold, we looked up and there, right in front of our eyes, was Marathon. Taking it as a sign from the universe, we went inside and were seated right away, despite the fact that we were dressed like we were straight outta 1986 (we were going for a theme...).
The menu choices were vast and since I can't ever make a decision, I went with the first thing that caught my eye:
Garlic mashed potatoes.
And they were delicious. Like, ridiculously delicious. That and a Golden Monkey beer made me very happy, as did the music (Joy Division? Oh yeah!). Our meal fortified us enough to run off to our next destination and got us through the rest of our wacky night out. (Bonus points for the gorgeous menu cover with an illustration of Tinkerbell...not really sure what the story is there but it was quite lovely).
Damn, now I can't stop thinking about those garlic mashed potatoes. I think I would have licked the bowl if it were socially acceptable!I've sent back one meal in 42 years. I would have done it tonight, but the kids were there and time couldn't drag on. Marathon on the Square should be woefully ashamed. My meal was virtually uneaten. The roasted chicken was overcooked, the broccoli undercooked, and the potatoes were dry. My daughter even thought the hamburger was bad (when does a kid say that?). I brought this to the waitress's and manager Rory's attention twice EACH. Rory apologized but eagerly noted that several other dishes were served without complaint. The check arrived. And, yes, the inedible entree was there. Shame on them. Worst meal in over a decade. And, yes, I'm still hungry.What I like about Marathon is that I always know what to expect. The food is always decent, the service is always good and I rarely need to worry about too much of wait. They always have a nice selection of items to choose from on the menu with some daily specials. Sure, the menu barely changes ever but that leaves no room for surprises and I'm ok with that.I was a little wary about trying this place due to some of the bad reviews on here. We decided to take a chance on it anyway on a busy Saturday morning in March.
We were seated immediately, and greeted by our very pleasant server just a minute or two later. Our mimosas came to the table fast and so did our food. The food was delicious! I created my own omelet with fresh mozzarella, bacon, and asparagus. My boyfriend got the banana bread French toast and my friend got the loaded grilled cheese. We all loved our meals, the service, and definitely the mimosas.
The prices are also really fair for the city, particularly for this area that is just a few minutes walk from Rittenhouse Square. It was only $25pp with one meal and two drinks each. Very reasonable.
I will certainly be back!Nice service. Horrible food. Was throwing up for hours after. Biggest regret. Don't go here.I come here for breakfast and brunch and always have a good time. The options are like classic diner options, eggs, home-fries, toast, breakfast sandwiches, omelettes, pancakes etc. but better quality ingredients and a little extra style. The only downside is that they don't have any fake meat substitutions on the menu. There is no tempeh, or vegetarian sausage links. You can have a veggie burger but it will cost you $5.50! That is a little disappointing but not enough to keep me from coming back.Marathon is a solid choice especially for brunch.  The service is usually pretty slow though, even when it's not that busy.  It's got a nice ambiance and the food is fresh and tasty.I'd give a 3.5 but going four. Went for breakfast and food was good, not great.  Service was good and place is clean. Loved the home fries.french fries not so much.  Turkey BLT was good and bunch quesadilla was good.Good food, but crazy that their catering van driver is criminally aggressive a block and a half from the restaurant.  Would think they might realize they are trying to kill their own prospective customers.I had dinner here on a Friday night with my friend. We came in for a quick dinner and drinks. The service was very good. After reading the Yelp reviews I was not sure what to expect. It looked like they were training servers and were really working on improving their service. The food was good as well. My friend had a chicken sandwich and I ordered a salad, the fries where great. I would definitely come back here again if I am in the area.GREAT food and service !  AND PRICES !  Normal cost for an expensive neighborhood (Rittenhouse Square).My favorite thing to get here is a giant salad with whatever you want in it. Nice place for a weekend lunch.We ordered drinks and got their version of the moscow mule and it tasted like lime water. For appetizers we got the pizza and it was alright. I ordered the the turkey club sandwich which was extremely dry. The bacon tasted like it was made the night before and just reheated in the microwave.The bread did not taste fresh. Overall it was pretty flavorless. My husband ordered the chicken parmesan. The pasta had no flavor and even adding salt did no justice. The chicken was ok. 
Overall the meal was very bland. Not worth for the amount we paid for. I would not go back nor recommend to anyone.Full disclosure: I only come here during the week for an early dinner, so I cannot really vouch for the waiting time at other points, but I have always been immediately seated, from 5:30 until 6:30pm. 
That said, a nice cold pint of Yards Pale Ale for $3 and one of the most tantalizing burgers in Center City for $11 and change is a pretty good deal. 
Service is friendly, and they have seating outside (on 19th Street).The food is always good, the specials are a good value, and the staff is very nice. What more can you ask for?I lived across the street from Marathon on the Square for 2 years and went here often.  Consistent with other Marathon locations strewn about center city, there's a wide variety of menu items mainly that appear to be your typical diner fare with a twist.  Despite the variety and consistently good service, this place just never really blew me away.  I guess it seemed like everything was about $3-$6 overpriced and the items rarely came out as good as they appeared to be when viewed on the menu.  All told, you won't be disappointed too much here.I live a few blocks from here and I've been here twice now. The first time I went for dinner on a weeknight and it was basically empty. We were seated right away (obviously) but then no server came over for almost 20 minutes. People seated after us were greeted, given water, etc and we were ignored. Finally someone I was with got up and asked the hostess where our waiter was and someone came over a few minutes later. Not sure what was happening there. We shares the hummus plate, which was excellent. All of us got a sandwich of some kind and were happy with them.
The second time I went for brunch on a Saturday. There were 5 of us and we waited about 40 minutes for a table. The hostesses were really nice and kept coming outside to give us updates. Once we were seated, the service was not great again. Our waitress forgot two drink orders and my boyfriend had to ask for a coffee three times. The food was good (two of us had omelettes, one a salad, two sandwiches), but took quite a while to come out. In our waitresses defense it was really busy and she was running around like crazy.
I've heard so many people talk about such great experiences here, so I'm hoping my two trips were exceptions to their usual service. I'll most likely go back again.We ordered from Marathon last night via Grubhub because we were in need of some serious comfort food. We ordered the macaroni and cheese and created two burgers with fries. The macaroni and cheese was delicious - very creamy! The burgers were good too, but they cooked up a little more "done" than we would have liked. This might have been due to the takeout and the extra time of transporting them, not the cook, but it's hard to tell. The burgers were still pretty yummy overall! We had to stick the fries in the oven to crisp them up.
I'd like to try going in and eating on location some day to see if that improves the quality at all, but I think we would definitely order from here again!fabulous salads.  i particularly like the "control freak" design your own option.  because yes, i have been known to be a tad controlling when it comes to my food.Being in the Rittenhouse area, this is a great place for brunch. Has both outdoor and indoor seating and staff put noticeably extra effort into the service (opening the door when you came in, conversations, etc.).
Matzo ball soup was a particular standout, my wife and I both enjoyed our meals, with solid brunch choices of a brunch themed grilled cheese with two fried eggs, and an omelette.
Prices are pretty great too for a table service restaurant in the area. We ended up spending $40 all in (including tip). Which is a steal for the experience and food!I was really surprised to see all the negative reviews.  I've been to this location several times and twice to the one on 16th street.  My experience has always been very good.
The menu has plenty to choose from and its mostly local and natural ingredients which is important to me.  The matzoh ball soup is excellent, as well as the fries.  The sandwiches, salads and breakfast options are solid as well.
The interior is pretty cool and the service is always friendly and competent.
I'm not gonna go 5 stars b/c its on the expensive side for what you get, but when you consider the natural ingredients, I don't think its unreasonable either.The place is super busy which gives it a nice vibe. The veggie burger was fantastic, my mom said it was the best she has had lately. It was not dry at all and was well seasoned. I had the blackened chicken quesadilla and it left something to be desired: it needed more veg and the chicken was cut into these huge chunks that made the ratio of flavors off. It could have been crispier too. It was still good enough to eat but I would order something else next time. I love that you can make your own salad. They allow you to add a number of toppings at no cost. The bar was super nice looking, they have a good alcohol selection, and the black walls and chandeliers made it very nice looking inside. The happy hour deals are great ($5 great) and I will be back for those!Loved brunch here! Zagat has it rated well for a reason. Everything was delish and well worth the 15" wait. Can't wait to go back and also check out dinner -- wonderful that they do take out & delivery!I remember going to Marathon On The Square many years ago when it first opened but I forgot how AMAZING the food was until my recent visit!!! The food is not only amazeballs and the portions are very large, they run the restaurant like a master clocksmith keeps Big Ben on time!!! I really love this restaurant! The staff seems to be constantly in motion with no time to stand around and do nothing. For the past couple of weeks I have found myself sitting at the bar/counter to avoid the packed restaurant during brunch hours getting to know the many customers who frequent the restaurant. The prices generally run $10.00 to $11.50 which I think is pretty reasonable considering the large portions! If you decide to do brunch, you have got to order the "Banana Bread French Toast" which is more like a desert than a breakfast! It's my new favorite!!! If you decide to pull up to the bar..... Ask for Jason, he's been there for 13 years and tell him Christian sent you!!!!My favorite item was the cheese steak roll appetizer. Cheese steak ingredients in a deep-fried roll. The real cheese steak entree looks a bit aggressive..didn't try any as it was a dining companion's dish. 
Whatever I got as an entree wasn't memorable, because I can't even remember what I ordered.
Nice place for a summery dinner.Thirty seven dollars and an hour or so later, my companion sighed and said, "well, next time I have this idea all you have to say is 'meatloaf sandwich,' and I'll remember this day and we'll go somewhere else."
Yes... because while a chipotle meatloaf sandwich topped with caramelized onions and mushrooms and served with hand-cut french fries sounds fantastic, it's a cold slap of reality when said meatloaf sandwich arrives: a thin slice of pale "meatloaf" on top of a piece of generic white bread, topped with a handful of mushrooms and onions that have indeed been cooked (though "caramelized" clearly has a different definition in the Marathon dictionary than it does in mine) and doused with some kind of scarily artificially red sauce, accompanied by a sad pile of anemic french fries.  My breakfast quesadilla fared no better, though I think the turkey sausage that obviously journeyed straight from the freezer to my plate was the final nail in the coffin. 
On the plus side, we were eating outside with our dog, who gives absolutely RAVE reviews to the soggy meatloaf sandwich remnants (and the generic frozen turkey sausage for that matter).  Also, the coffee was hot and generous and the little pitcher of cream that came with was adorable so.. yay?When in town we enjoy the Parc Bistro for a Sunday brunch, but, unable to obtain a reservation we decided a search was in order for a substitute spot. We found Marathon on the Square during our search. We were very happy with our choice. Quick service with no wait, we ordered  The Huevos Rancheros and the Salmon Burger. These were great choices for us. Our meals were served hot and full of eye appeal and flavor.
     For out of town people the Marathon on the Square was a top choice for us.Food is ok, but wait time can be dreadful and underestimated by servers on weekends.
Nail in coffin was waiting 45 minutes to be seated after being told it would be a short wait. Since we were trying to catch a train, after the delay we had to change our order to "to go". After waiting another 45 minutes for a salad & burger we were finally given the food, apologized to for the delay, and offered a free desert as recompense. We politely declined, as we didn't want to wait another 45 minutes for the "free desert" and miss our train.
Did not enjoy being strung along with the various wait times, and as a result never plan on eating @ marathon again.I definitely like this Marathon better than the now defunct Marathon on Penn's campus.  They have a real focus on local produce, and meat.  I typically only go for lunch with co-workers.  Everyone loves the chicken salad sandwich, but I usually try to get something off the specials menu.  It's a nice option for the Rittenhouse area, decent food, and a little cheaper than Devon or Parc.Good place for some good food.  Service was friendly and helpful.  Three stars because didn't really have that oomph for four or holy-mother-of-peanut-butter! for five.My husband and I were major regulars at Marathon on the Square, and it was our local neighborhood place to grab a casual dinner.  The food started changing and going downhill prior to the renovation.  I went back last night with a friend for dinner post renovation.  Here is what we ordered ... my friend had a few orange juices, we each had a matzoh ball soup, and I ordered a dinner size caesar salad...no chicken, just the salad.  The total came to about $34 which with the tip (the staff was delightful, as my friend had to leave suddenly and they wrapped up our food for us) came to about $42.  For virtually nothing of a meal.  The salad was about $10 for goodness sake.  It is so incredibly overpriced now...I can go to Smith and Wollensky and get a much more interesting salad that will serve 2 people for just slightly more.  I gladly pay money for something special...but 10 bucks for a caesar salad and 3 bucks a glass for plain orange juice?  Come on!   They have lost my husband and me as clients until they readjust their prices, which are insane.I would love to be able to write a review but I didn't even get past the hostess.  We asked for a table for 2 on a Sunday night (it was not busy) and she tried to seat us at a small table between several tables so I declined as it was not busy, so after rolling her eyes and getting a cloth to wipe down a booth she just threw the two menus down and walked off.  Ummmm, no thanks, there are too many options in downtown to put up with that! Goodbye!I've eaten lunch at MOTS at least 100 times, and had dinner there a bunch. It's a very good restaurant (I've tried most things.) A few of my lunch faves: The grilled Cubano sandwich, spicy chicken quesidilla, and the Center City salad.
They also have great service. They are very, very attentive and greet us when we arrive. It's one of my real faves in the city.Cute location, but the entire daytime wait staff could use some retraining. (Sometimes you can't retrain "Rude and Oblivious AF") I sat waiting to order as the majority of aforementioned staff sat idle. I thought, "perhaps it appears that I'm not waiting for them and that I'm just engrossed in my phone" ... so then, I put my phone down and assumed my most Performative "ready to order face". Two of the idle staff began a private conversation about preferred afterwork hang out spots. They walked away oblivious to my need to order. 
A man walked in and sat down. One of the ones who had been conversing in front of me goes and begins helping the new person. I still sat waiting with my ready to order face. 
Since I began my meal, no one has asked me if I needed anything or if the food was to my liking.  (The person who took my order came back and stood in front of me and then proceeded to engage their coworker in conversation about another patron) 
Positives: the person who brought my food was polite. The food tastes good. It came out fast. Back of the house is on point. 
I will never come here again. Perhaps that was the intention behind the poor service I received.Cya, Marathon.  We were in for the last time this past Sunday for brunch.  It was a disaster.  Had to flag down a server to place our order.  Tables around us were being delivered incorrect orders.  I sent you an email and you didn't even have the decency to reply to it.  Never again.i'm new to the neighborhood I love it it has a little bit of everything and they are on point with their cocktails.I have always loved Marathon. They have a wide selection, and the good is reasonably priced. When I lived in Philly, it was always a place that I took guests from out of town because everyone can find something on their menu.
My most recent visit was after flying in. I had some errands to run in the Rittenhouse area.  I was hungry after traveling, so Marathon was a great option. I love this location because I used to live in the neighborhood. It has a more intimate feel, and everyone is friendly. They even let me leave my luggage behind the hostess stand. 
We had the calamari for an appetizer, and then a turkey burger with a garden salad. I chose the lemon vinaigrette dressing, which was really good. The calamari was lightly breaded, and came with a delicious sauce which was a little spicy. As for the Turkey Burger, it was flavorful, on a multi grain bun, and big! It comes with lettuce, tomato, bacon, and onion. Delicious. 
I heart you Marathon!Great food. Great location. I recommend the Crispy Buffalo Chicken Sandwich for a light, fresh, fulfilling lunch! Yum!The food is pretty good here. It is also one of the few places that does not get crowded for brunch. I go to both locations a lot.very slow in the kitchen.. waiting a long time for a small order.. the bar tender was nice..We were eating at this restaurant 2 days ago when a mouse ran a crossed the booth behind us. We told the waitress who told the manager. We thought we would get a discount since this was a bad experience. No, they charged us full price.Had to give a star to get posted!!
Great location & good water - stops there.  
Omelette made w/ egg beaters & tasteless. 
Home fries, Turkey sausage and toast all cold.  Save your time and $$ - should have gone to Little Pete's!!I lived around the corner for a couple of years and was a regular customer, although it has lowered my enjoyment of the regular Marathon Grill spots thanks to its ever so slightly different (and superior) menu.
Everything I have had is good, with special nods to the matzo ball soup, turkey salad, and gigantic enough for two chicken breast. 
the brunch is excellent, and apparently there are good happy hour deals though Ive never really been there for drinks. 
beat the table squeeze by ordering takeout, perfect for sitting in the parkGood service.  I'll give them that.  On a Friday night, they got all the food out for our party of 12 at the same time so they get an extra star.  But the food was two stars.  I had the crispy buffalo chicken sandwich, which was neither crispy nor sufficiently buffalo, but was a chicken patty.  I was expecting something like fried chicken on a bun.  Not so.  The flavor wasn't all there either.  My wife's salad was meh.
But there's one guy working there who looks like Charlie from It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia, so it has that going for it.I feel like I shouldn't review this place because I have been there like 20 times (like don't date a girl you work with, etc.)...probably once a week (usually saturday mornings) for like three months running.  So obviously it is a good breakfast spot.  I also realize there are some places I have rated three stars that are better than Marathon on the Square (btw this is only for Marathon on the Square I don't really like the other one's all that much), and I have a Yelp rep to uphold.
Anyways...as breakfasts go, this place gets the job done...not as good as Parc, not as annoying as Green Eggs, better food than Day by Day, and more convenient that Ant's Pants.  The veggie chili is delicious and the people are always nice.  Sitting outside on a nice day always brings with it great people watching.  It is also definitely the best of the Marathon's.
Lunch and dinner are also good; it is a good neighborhood spot (not expensive, good food, nice people).  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone looking for a sophisticated dinner.
Shout out to our girl Bobby who is awesome and seems to inevitable wait on us everytime.As someone who has had many memorable late evening dinners here with my fiancee and our friends I could think of no better place to grab a casual and moderately priced brunch with my family when they came to town for my birthday. Sure, there are better brunch places in the same area but we were really in the mood for something simple and good and up to this point I had always been able to rely on Marathon for just that, simple and delicious food with great service. Unfortunately our experience during this visit was not as good (read: terrible) and had I not enjoyed my prior visits so much I probably wouldn't go back. 
After being seated we were given our menus and immediately asked if we had any questions about the specials being offered, but when we asked how much the specialty mimosas were our waitress actually stated that she didn't know and that "if she had to guess" she would say somewhere between $5 and $7. Seriously, you can't even go find out the price you just "had to guess"? Not cool. When it came time to place our food orders my mother asked what the other bread options were for the club sandwich (since she isn't a fan of sourdough) and the waitress proceeded to name off a variety of rolls and baguettes, but none that could be used to make a club. After it was pointed out that a club sandwich needs flat/sliced breads to work the waitress responded by saying "I don't know what you want me to do, that's all we have". This would have been fine had it been the truth, but the table next to us had heaping stacks of whole wheat toast and when we asked if it was indeed wheat bread the waitress retorted, "It sure looks like it, doesn't it?".
Thinking the worst was behind us we received our delicious looking food and eagerly attacked it like a pack of starving wolves only to discover that this too was a giant disappointment. My mothers club still had sourdough, my grandmothers medium rare burger was so over cooked it was crumbling, and my breakfast sandwich had literally one bite of meat on it. While my mother and I decided against sending ours back due to our hunger my grandmother asked if they could redo her burger and the waitress responded that she could try to get her manager to have the kitchen do another one but couldn't promise anything. Eventually a new burger was brought out except this time it was entirely raw, like it legitimately was still pink on the top and completely uncooked on the insides. Thankfully the burger was taken off the final bill, but even this didn't make up for the fact that after leaving we had to take my grandmother somewhere else to eat since she wasn't able to eat anything the entire time we were there.
As I said before, because of my prior great experiences I'm definitely going to stop in again sometime in the near future and give them another shot, but if the experience is the same as my last visit I will never be back and their rating will be changed accordingly.OK - you need brunch and you're too lazy to make the trek to the place that you really like.  Or, you're starving for a quick and easy dinner and don't feel like going out for an expensive trendy meal.  This is your place.I had a great experience and would recommend coming here.
I went here for weekend brunch with a group. There was no waiting and we got a table outside on a nice day. The brunch menu had some tempting offerings all at a reasonable price.
Everyone in my group enjoyed what they ordered including the burger, blueberry pancakes, and the loaded grilled cheese. The drinks were also reasonably priced and enjoyable. 
The staff was helpful and stressed the farm fresh ingredients in each of the menu options. I'd go back!I'm a lover of Marathon. Have been since I moved to Philadelphia.
I made my first visit to this particular Marathon on a Thursday slightly before noon (we were hungry!). They have cozy outdoor seating and the atmosphere is breezy and light, inside or out, in the warmer months. This is probably my new favorite Marathon location.
My mother enjoyed the Center City sandwich and I had one of my Marathon favorites, the 'Old School' Chicken Salad sandwich. This has whole grain mustard. Enough said. The service was quick and attentive. 
Didn't quite expect local beer (a Victory Summer Love) to be $6, but that's okay.
You can always count on Marathon to please - whether you're doing brunch, lunch, dinner, with old friends, family, or out-of-towners. It's savvy, simple, and delightful.Such a disappointment.
I've eaten at the Marathon at 40th and Walnut a few times (always good food and service, though a bit overpriced) and was expecting a similar experience here.  Unfortunately, I am not even able to review the food because the service was so awful that my guests and I left before we even ordered.  
We were seated right away and provided menus; on a Saturday evening the place was surprisingly empty (including the outside seating, I'd say it was 1/4 full).   Despite the relatively few tables, my guests and I waited over 8 minutes just for our water - and we only got that after we flagged down a waiter who was refilling another table's glasses.  Having already neatly filed our menus away (clearly sending the message of "we're ready to order") we waited another 5-10 minutes without service, although we did notice the speed in which unused tables were being set and readied.  Again, we flagged down someone (this time the host) and said we have been waiting over 15 minutes and no one's come to take our order.  He apologized and quickly took drink orders.  Our drinks were quickly served (just 1 diet coke & 1 iced tea) by someone we believe was a manager (compared to the wait staff/hosts, she was dressed in more 'business' attire: suit jacket, etc).  We thanked her for the drinks and again mentioned that we were still waiting to order.  Again, another apology and a promise that someone would be right with us.  
Once we were nearly done our drinks and had STILL not given our order, we decided to leave.  When I asked for the check, explaining that we just wanted to pay for our drinks and leave because of the poor service, they apologized again and said the drinks (1 diet coke, 1 iced tea) would be on the house.  
The phrase "it's the least they could do" seems beyond appropriate.Bottom Line: Yes, it's a chain but it produces a damn good brunch.  Friendly staff, simple decor.
I've only been here for brunch, but the Eggs Benedict was perfection.  It was accompanied by a side of chunky potatoes (parading as home fries) seasoned with something delicious.  I was particularly fond of the funky chandeliers and the entertaining people-watching.Our party of four dined here for a business lunch last week at 12:45pm. We had reservations and were seated promptly. The restaurant was busy but not too loud.
The service and food were both very good. 
Three of us got smoothies (I got the strawberry mango -- not enough mango) and we shared the Cheesesteak Wontons to start, which were pretty good. I liked the dipping sauce.
For my entree I enjoyed the Southwest Salad with Shrimp. It was a generous portion with layers of flavor and texture. Two others got salads and one person got an omelette. Everyone was satisfied.The service was slow and bad. Our waitress, Francesca, was also rude. 
She took 15 minutes to bring our drinks. I asked for the dressing on my salad (thought this would make it easier than on the side) and ended up with no dressing on the salad. I had to eat half of the salad without dressing because she didn't come back to the table for so long. When she did, I asked for the dressing twice before I got it. 
My father-in-law ordered salmon with his salad and it was served without salmon. Francesca rudely told him that was because he ordered it without salmon. 
And, my husband overheard her telling another table that she would be happy when we left. Rude and unprofessional. 
We won't go back.This place is great!  I come here somewhat frequently depending on my craving for breakfast.  My boyfriend and I arrived on Saturday AM around noon and sat right down.  We were given a cup of hot, strong coffee and mulled over the menu.  We ended up splitting a chocolate chip cookie dough pancake.  He got the swiss and spinach omelette, and I got the breakfast quesedilla.  Everything thru and thru was delicious.  The food came out quick, hot, and with everything we need.  I would have liked to see a bit more cookie dough presence in the pancakes, but maybe that's my inner child that just wants to eat cookies for breakfast.  The quesedilla was also amazing.  I love that they don't skimp on the cheese!  Service was generally good.  I reached the bottom of my cup of coffee a few times, but generally, i found the service enjoyable.
The only strange thing was when i asked for a to-go box, i was brought a tiny little thing.  I had to literally squish 2 pieces of quesedilla and potatos in there... and cram the box closed.  I heated them up this morning in the toaster oven though and man were they good!We waited for more than 10 minutes after being seated and never had a waiter or waitress come to our table. No problem, sometimes there is confusion, so we flagged down a member of the staff and asked if we could order. He brought us water and told a waitress that we were waiting. She continued to serve the tables around us and ignored us. Meanwhile it wasn't busy at all, the place was about half full. We had to get up and walk out. If the service was that bad before ordering, I can't imagine how long it would have taken to get our meal.I went here Saturday night and was very pleasantly surprised. My last Marathon experience was over a year ago at the location on 16th (or 17th) and Sansom...and it was awful!
I ordered gazpacho, which was very refreshing and flavorful and the chicken breast for dinner. The chicken was amazing. It was bone-in and had perfectly crunchy skin. It was served over polenta, and surrounding the polenta was a sort of chicken gravy with more chicken pieces (I think dark meat) and lima beans. This may not sound that appetizing, but it was absolutely delicious. I have renewed faith in Marathon, at least that location.
I did see that someone had an experience with a rude waiter, but the waiter I had was awesome. Very attentive and checked on us multiple times to make sure everything was okay.
A good experience all around.This should be a 3.5 star review because it's better than a three but less than a four. Listen my lady friend and I ordered delivery from this place last night because we were hungry. I was so tired I could barely sit up to eat. It's the truth. Anyway, the Caesar salad wasn't really worth sitting up for and the marathon burger was slippery but cooked well. What I mean is I ordered medium rare and they did a well job in cooking it medium rare. Am I helping here? You'll want to find out about this place for yourself so go there to eat or drink a beverage. Well you can't "eat" a beverage. Can you? I don't know, I'm not you.Marathon is a great place for a casual meal with friends. Great smoothies and muffins in the morning! Love enjoying a good chicken noodle soup under the heaters outside.I came to Marathon On the Square for Sunday Brunch with friends. We were celebrating an engagement so our spirits were high to begin with. The place itself is clean and open, even with the dark walls and black chandeliers (which I was a fan of). The brunch menu was tasty, typical, but tasty. I opted for the breakfast burrito. It was HUGE. It had the typical fixings, but was satisfying overall. 
Bloody Marys were yummy. I think the only downfall was that the waitress spilled a drink and broke a glass right over one of the guests seats and instead of removing a meal, or drink from the bill, just acted like it didn't happen. That rubbed us the wrong way a little bit, but the meal was "A-OK".Bad experience! Came in after Christmas shopping and was pretty hungry. Service was very slow and by the time food arrived I didn't get what I ordered. Had to wait until almost closing time (10pm) to finally eat some dinner. Overall not impressed with any aspect of the dining experience. The food wasn't bad but nothing to rave about and the server was nice but not very good.Food is mediocre. beware of the delivery girl that has attitude.Absolutely never again. 
Marathon has made it into my repeat restaurant category somehow BUT never again after today. I drove across the city for a nice lunch and got EVERYTHING but that. This includes, aggravation, wasted time, wasted money, and NO LUNCH. In fact, I didn't get to eat at all today because of their ridiculously slow service. After being there for 40 minutes, FORTY minutes, we got our SOUP. 
I mentioned twice I was starving and even asked if she could bring the soup while I decided what I wanted for my entree. 
I could go on and on, but really, there is no excuse for an absolutely empty restaurant to have this level of negligent service to their customers. But, then I remembered things like this happening before. On an empty, rainy afternoon, I requested no barbecue sauce on my Marathon burger-- twenty minutes later-- my burger was presented to me with sauce and not cooked well enough. 
I had to get up, go inside, and ask for my food to be wrapped to go because I had to go to work. TEN minutes after that, they started, slow as molasses to do it.
Of course, the cap wasn't secured on my dressing, which they put on top of my salad. So when I got home to grab a bite or two on my way out the door, there was the most disgusting tasting vinaigrette all over my salad. 
The buffalo chicken sandwich my boyfriend had was as equally disgusting. It reminded me of something where people take items that don't belong together and just throw them together to be fancy and you're supposed to like it or you're not trendy enough. Well, sorry Marathon, the "baguette" was stale. And you can't make a good sandwich on a stale roll.  EVERYONE knows that!Marathon gets the most points from me for the menu. I always find something I think sounds, and then actually is, good. 
The Marathon Burger is great, so are the fries. So is the side salad. So are the omelets. i don't think there is too much you can go wrong with. Except showing up on a weekend starving. You will wait.I took my mom here for lunch when we were visiting. The servers were very friendly and attentive. 
We ate from the '3-5 menu' which i guess they only serve a limited selection during that time. I had the turkey burger and my mom had the turkey club. Both of these sandwiches were HUGE we almost didn't finish them all. The toppings of the turkey burger were bacon, apple slices, and i think gruyere or muenster. It was amazing. the burger was juicy and the bun was toasted. the fries were well seasoned.
glad i live so close to here!Always great quality and something for everyone! I suggest dining in or getting takeout. For some reason, delivery is always missing one thing (especially when you create your own salad). But I still eat here all the time because it's that good! Great portions too!Marathon is a decent neighborhood spot offering standard breakfast and lunch fare at moderate prices. There is nothing that blows me away about their food, or anything else for that matter, but also nothing that stops me from coming back when I'm in the mood for a sandwich and a beer, or brunch when I don't feel like waiting in forever-long lines elsewhere in the city. 
This Marathon location is always pretty busy during brunch, but never such that you will be waiting for longer than 10-15 minutes in my experiences.
The service is decent, relatively quick seeing as how busy they usually are, and mostly friendly. Haven't really had a bad experience with service here.
Food is mediocre. Nothing I'm raving about, really, exception being the matzoh ball soup. They do a build your own salad for the control freaks out there. Their breakfast menu is pretty decent and you'll get a large portion. Prices, eh... kinda expensive for the quality of food you're getting, but it is center city. It's not outrageous. Only bug complain on price is for their drinks. A mimosa should never cost $7 at a place like this unless they are using real/good Champagne. They're not.The reviews on here don't do this place justice. Every time I've been I've had great service, delicious food, and very reasonable prices... What's not to like about that?If I could leave no stars, I would.
I had a simple delivery of a burger to my condo. I added the tip to my online order, and when the burger was delivered, I noticed that the tip had not been added. I asked whether to include it to the receipt or whether the online charge would hit my card.  The driver was incredibly rude, and didn't seem to understand that my query was about how best to ensure that he received gratuity. He told me that "I should say thank you." (For the record, I had.)
Poor customer service.
Also, my order wasn't correct. I will never order from here again.A week after breaking an arm & having it immobilized I pursued errands in the neighborhood, trying to regain as much independence as possible. One was to replace the corkscrew which had snapped off in another's accident *and* to get two-handed help in pulling it out along with the broken half-cork. A weekday dinner hour but I sought help from the nearest restaurant - and the manager himself left the floor, grabbed a couple of tools from the bar, and - popped it out in a jiffy.
The classy way he handled the matter (plus me and his staff have myhmbbluulip + customers) was highly impressed me.On the surface this is the 'basic b*tch' of eateries. Mainly because it's where they all go, but also because of the menu and strictly Center City locations. Pretty and hip enough to be 'in', but really no originality. 
If you go, you'll find that the food is actually quite good and is locally sourced. The service is attentive. Menu not as expensive as its locations would imply. Overall a good experience. 
If you don't know what you want to eat, they'll have something that will suit everyone in your group. And it'll be good more times than not.I've been to every single Marathon and this might be my favorite. Helps that there is a full bar. And cozy outdoor seating as well as a corner spot which allows for lots of indoor window seats. I was there for brunch with a friend...I ordered the lox and bagel platter and she got some kale quinoa shit that I would never have gotten. Great service. They do a good job there's a reason why there's four of them in the city and they been around for so long!The loaded grilled cheese was excellent! A good brunch option that is reasonably priced, and they don't rush you out!Despite being so close to where we live, Marathon Grill went unreasonably unnoticed by us until more recently. We went once about a year ago when an out of town guest wanted to have a cheese steak. We opted to avoid the trite options of Pat's, Geno's or Jim's and decided to keep things closer to home and try Marathon's take. We really enjoyed the grass-fed beef, the onions and peppers, and their own cheese sauce. I've spent most of my life trying to avoid food that involves the word "whiz," so I appreciated this homemade touch.
Although we really enjoyed our lunch there, we didn't go back for several months. Our visits since have all been for brunch and we had success with those meals as well. We've enjoyed options from the menu like their whole wheat banana almond pancakes and their breakfast quesadilla. We've also liked some of their specials, such as their pumpkin pancakes and their breakfast burrito.
If we were in the mood for a boozy brunch, we've taken advantage of their beer list specializing in local beers like Yards, Troegs, Sly Fox and Victory.
Since moving to Philadelphia, we're grown to appreciate how many of our meals originate locally, so we love that Marathon has their own farm and attempts to get whatever they don't grow from other local farms.I'll make this short and sweet.
Pros - none
Cons- where to begin
1.  took waitress 15 minutes to get 3 bloody marys because she forgot about them (I saw the look of panic when she looked at our table and was like "oh shit!  they ordered $30.00 of cocktails and all my incompetent ass had to do was ring it in and walk them over and I didn't even remember to do that") ..there were only 2 tables in the restaurant
2.  My server brought out my burger which was well done, I asked for medium rare so I had them remake it.  This was after the fact that it took  25 minutes to make 3 sandwiches one of which was wrong.  These numbers are not good folks.  I  did not get an apology and didn't see server again until next burger was brought out (which i saw sit in the window for about 5 minutes).  It wasn't even the correct burger and there was no side of fries.  I was going to have them remake my second burger but lost my mind and told them to cancel the order.  After the second attempt at a simple cheeseburger I still did not receive an apology from the inept server/ some type of manager come out to say sorry..I employ a bunch of dumb asses.  
Moral of the story:  Never setting foot in there again!Had a lovely dinner with a big group here tonight. The sandwiches, pasta and quesadillas were all great. We had excellent service and good drinks. We had left and we're about 2 blocks away when we heard one of the managers running to catch up to us to return the glasses that I left on the table! Such an act of kindness that didn't go unappreciated. Plan to dine here again!!My friend and I came here tonight and after her praise of Marathon, I was dying to try it.  Tonight we ate at a table near the window and we had a lovely time.  The chicken noodle soup was very good and I ordered a turkey burger with a side of fries which was excellent!  In fact, both items were so filling that I took the burger home!  I am very pleased, I will definitely be back!  The waiter was very kind, attentive and helpful and the ambiance was very nice, relaxing except for the upbeat music.  I will be back!I'd run another marathon just to eat here again! (Did the wdw down in orlando in 09, five hours 11 mins, not too shabby! ) Came here after working out with a pal, the workout plus a little bit of gods greens had us parched. The one criticism I have for this place is those cups hold so little water! Dry mouth was killing us and it took easily four or five glasses to wet our whistles. Luckily, staff is super attentive and didnt give us problems about the red eyes. I had the grilled salmon, he had the grilled chicken. Both super tasty, yet p healthy post swole sesh meals! I finished all of mine, but hes frail so couldn't put it all away,  tried some of his meal, let me tell ya, those lemon potatoes are surprisingly well balanced. Def recommend.
Keep it real in the new year,
Jason "" FeltonI eat here at least 3 times a week if not more . The food is good and price is reasonable for as much as we eat out.  We had a problem once, when they gave us The Marathon Rewards Card after talking about it and how we save, if we eat there a lot . They did not tell us that we had to go on line and activate it . We went back for another meal and handed the Rewards Card and the waiter said, you have to go on line to activate it but, just bring in your receipts and we can fix it. Next time in , we did just that, and brought our receipts in ,and out came the dreadful manager . He proceeded to tell us that it was too late , and there was nothing he can do, which if you are a manger , you should know how to make a bad situation better. OK, we paid our check and left unhappy, and a bad taste in our mouth about The Marathon. We went in tonight and I ordered a salad with Chicken . It came out and it looked a little light on chicken . The waitress asked how everything was and I was not planning on complaining but, since she asked, I said well it is very good but ,it looks a little light on the Chicken . She offered to take it back and put more Chicken on it.  Out comes the dreadful manager again . I think his name is Corey or Seth  and said he would have to charge me, as there was a whole breast on it.  As if I would lie . In any event , I eat out a lot . I  will  never eat there again , and they should fire Corey or Seth or whatever his name is. Worst manager and does not know how to handle good paying customers. $30.00 x4 is $120.a week . I guess they can afford to lose business. I am going to report him, as I feel very strongly that The Marathon is a great restaurant with good food but, having a bad front runner can kill your business. People need jobs today, and in the restaurant industry, with thousands of places to eat in Rittenhouse Square , you need to be top of your game ! I hope this helps Corey or Seth to realize that he is not invincible and needs to remember the customer is always right.  Why ask ,if you really do not care or want to know how everything is?
Ps ... I called the director of operations , Vicki and she made the experience so much better ! She was friendly courteous , and most important put the business in perspective ! Great experience with her !I went here with my cousin, she was born and raised in Philly and knew right where to go, when I said I wanted to go for breakfast.  Everyone at the hotel where I was staying raved about Marathon.  I loved the ambiance.  It was a bit awkward when we first walked in, because no one greeted us and we had to chase someone down to put our name on a list for breakfast/brunch.  The wait was short and we were seated at a cute window seat.  The tables were a bit close together, but I was really happy with my meal and our service.  Breakfast is my favorite and I loved the twists on normal fare.  I would definitely come back here again when I visit Philly.  The price was affordable and the food was good, portions were excellent.