I could not recommend this place more. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about a chef's tasting menu with no choices but everything was amazing. Each dish was better than the next and the flavors were all so interesting paired together. Some dishes were outside the box and allowed me to try foods I've never had before, but it's a cool experience. Also, make sure to bring a bottle of wine as it's BYOB.Would have loved to try.....but my Groupon expired last month. $25 for $50! I Sent an e-mail asking if I could just use the $25 that I paid....no response. Called them Today......sorry, but can't help you. The person who answered was very nice....made me feel good about losing my money....I loved this place. I went for a very special occasion and it lived up to my expectations. The entrees on the Dining Days special weren't my favorite so I ordered  a la carte and it was a great idea. The crab mac&cheese is the most decadent and delicious dish I have had in a while. The truffle oil and jalapeno give it intensity but the creamy cheese smoothens it so it is not overwhelming at all. The duck was also spectacular. 
Very cozy  atmosphere, BYO so you can bring your own wine. I highly recommend it.Really cute, quiet dinner in an old Victorian house. Amazing ingredients that are really fresh! Favorite dishes were the scallops, salad, and carrots.This terrific West Philly BYOB is well worth the trip from Center City.  Nestled into a quiet corner on a pretty block, Marigold is a comfy, homey, and intimate.  (We sat upstairs and thought it would be a perfect spot for a dinner party / birthday party for 15-20)
Their "3 for 30" prix fixe on Sundays is a terrific bargain, and the apple cake dessert should not be missed.  
The presentation and taste of everything was delicious -- absolutely rivals Matyson, and like a classed up Audrey Claire (we noticed little bits of Mediterranean throughout -- eggplant etc).
The artwork in the bathroom is beyond charming ("Recipe for Dinosaur Soup") 
Service was a bit spotty, but that can easily be overlooked when the dinner bill for 4 comes and it's $135 all in.To be honest I went in one night to try the food and although the sous chef and I had our issues for the prices we paid we felt like we got cheated. As for other restaurants in the area the portions are a bit bigger and if your paying 90 dollars a head they will make sure you leave stuffed. I have no eaten at plenty of fine dining restaurants and this place is sub par. I recommend going else where to eat. If it wasn't for the sous chef or the owner I would have given this place a better reviewI wasn't really sure what we were getting into since the web site had no menu. Although kudos that they asked for dietary restrictions when they confirmed and they did accommodate 2 of us that eat Paleo style. The 13-course mini plates were diversified, tasty and intriguingly different. 
Not sure I'd pay $90 fixed price per person to go back again, but it was worth trying once.Incredible. Like "I want to lick my plate but will use every ounce of self control to refrain" incredible. Every dish was bursting with flavor. Unique, innovative concepts. Homey, warm atmosphere. And they were so accommodating with my "aversions" (no liver, sweetbread, etc) and came up with creative alternatives/substitutes for each. 
A really special gem for a fantastic experience with someone (or a group) you love. We will be back!Unique concept. Great Date place. Expensive but worth it thru and thru. I had a beautiful piece of fish that I had never heard of before. I would order anything from this menu and trust even if it was a ingredient I usually would not like that the chef would transform it into something I would enjoy. BYOB.Expensive, esp since we were confined to the pre-fixe menu, which we were not fore-warned when we called to make the reservation and when we called earlier in the day to confirm the number of people in our group.  The good thing was that the food was good.  But I felt like I had arrived in a house I was uninvited.  I felt uncomfortable.I'm pretty sure I rudely stumbled into one of my neighbor's houses, and for some reason they decided to just roll with it, proceeding to serve me some of the best American fare I've had in Philadelphia.
The average person walks past this place time and time again, completely unaware of the culinary treasures contained within. Marigold hides out in a residential corner of West Philadelphia, snickering at all the passersby who don't seem to know any better.
But for those fortunate enough to find their way, Marigold serves some of the most perfectly executed, complex, and cared for new American cuisine in the city. The menu changes seasonally, but each dish contains so many flavors that courageously join forces to create a symphony on your taste buds. The four course tasting menu (at $65 a head) provides the best value, though most of my favorite bites were found in the seven (yup, SEVEN) amuse bouche we were served. Butternut squash bisque, chestnut ravioli, head cheese plate, and beef tartare come to mind.
This is the kind of place that serves you a pre-entrée palate cleanser and several pre-desserts.  The kind of place that makes you feel like maybe you came from old money, and that your father was a white Republican. The kind of place you'll comb your hair for. The kind of place you bring your forever girl. The kind of place you definitely don't bring the kids to cus they couldn't even comprehend that level of exquisiteness.
Two slight downsides: the octopus appetizer and fish course were both tougher than I would like. And this was a seasonal issue, but the entire menu seemed to go heavy on the parsnips. [I'd never eaten a parsnip until a few months ago. Someone explain to me the appeal.]
Parsnips aside, Marigold Kitchen is excellent. And a BYOB. Make a visit happen.My bouche was thoroughly amused.
The restaurant was close to 80 degrees when I stepped inside, which was a very welcome change from the miserable 20-or-so degrees it was outside.  The temperature matches the ambiance; it feels like you're eating in someone's cozy living room.
The boyfriend and I shared the scallops (which were stellar) and the squab (which was good, but not great).  The complimentary amuse bouche is what sets Marigold apart, though.  The bites are small enough (and there are enough of them) that you have a chance to try a lot of unique flavors and textures (think bubbles) without having to commit to a whole potentially-questionable entree. We were brought 5 or 6 amuse bouche (crispy parsnips with powdered sugar, a melty cheese-and-crackers bite that tasted a little like melted-down cheetos (in a good way), apple soda with cinnamon bubbles (favorite of the evening), butternut squash bisque with thyme-bubbles (probably about 40% butter), and a yogurt granita-type thing).  With these plus our entrees, we were glad we hadn't ordered appetizers.
I'm docking one star because the squab was a let-down and because the service was good but not great (I'm not a fan of pour-your-own-wine at a nice restaurant, even if it is a BYO).  But I will absolutely be back!I love Marigold Kitchen. I discovered it during my fourth year of undergrad in Philadelphia, and have moved away since but I still think about the meals I've had here periodically. The restaurant itself is basically the living room of a beautiful West Philadelphia home, in a wholesome and pleasant looking neighborhood. The menu changes seasonally, which is nice. The experience used to be somewhat like a customized tasting, where you order from the menu and the house provides small bites between courses that are always inspired and delicious. The restaurant transitioned into a more formal tasting experience, which I enjoyed as well. I love how the menu turns simple and familiar ingredients into inventive and fun dishes. The space itself is romantic with warm lighting, perfect for intimate group dinners or dates. This is a seriously underrated restaurant in Philadelphia, find out for yourself!I decided to try out Marigold Kitchen based on the recommendations here at Yelp.  After the taxi driver tried to drop me off at a corner store - I finally found the restaurant - clearly signed in a quiet residential street.  Coming into a historic home to eat is always going to make you feel cozy and welcome - the artwork homage to Joseph Cornell was a nice touch too.
So, yes, on to the food.  The many many amuse bouche were still a surprise even though I knew the restaurant's reputation.   The creamed corn ravioli and lemon curd were my two favorites.  I went during university dining days where the menu had 4 items to choose from for starter, mains and desserts.  The starter of asparagus with 147 degree egg was out of this world - the texture of the egg unlike anything I'd ever experienced before.  The swordfish main paired with quinoa and kale was an unusual pairing, and not to my taste.  The basil creme brulee with a candied cherry tomato was exquisite.
In sum, the unusual food pairings ensure your palate will be entertained.  Not all dishes were hits - but overall a great restaurant making interesting food an unpretentious experience.  Cheers!It was years ago, but it was downright scrum-diddly-umptious!  The Lobster bisque was a mouth-watering work of art and the Barramundi - ahh, spectacular.  I went during the west Philly summer version of restaurant week.  It was one of my best restaurant experiences.
Edit: I've returned since the chef and 'style' shift - modern southern-inspired.  It was still quite good.  The overall experience wasn't as 'perfect' but it's winter now and the ambiance just isn't the same.  That's said, I'd still recommend it, just maybe not quite as high on the list as before.  no change in 'star' rating either.Molecular Gibberish!
The reason for 2 stars is the price vs food ratio. For $30 per person, the food is average, however for $110 (including tax and tip for the tasting menu) there are several better places in and around Philly. 
They brought about 6-7 amouche bouche's which were good but nothing great. In addition to the amouche bouche's we had a choice of one appetizer, one entre and one dessert. 
My Escargot appetizer (ode to Le Bec Fin) was pretty sad. It was way too salty and basically bland (Salt was the only seasoning on it!)
The other appetizer (trio of Oysters) was good. It came with one fried, one baked and one raw all accompanied with bubbles, foams, powders ...all things you would expect in molecular gastronomy.
For the Entree, we got the Squab and Scallops. The Squab was overcooked and dry. The Scallop dish was below average (I swear, I can make better Scallops at home)
Deserts were ok, nothing great. 
 I must say the Chef is particularly heavy handed on the salt. All dishes (except for the dessert) were a tad too salty.
Overall not a good dining experience for foodies. I get the molecular gastronomy thing and really liked how everything was plated, however the food in it self was pretty ordinary.Charming setting, exquisite service and presentation, delicious food.  We did the 14-course prix fixe which is incredible.  If you advise in advance, they can accommodate restrictions e.g. my lactose intolerance.  Highly recommended!After the first appetizer, Marigold flirted with being a truly excellent meal, but ultimately the restaurant came up short. My fiancee and I greatly enjoyed the various amuse-bouches and found some of the initial appetizers extremely praise worthy. But, the chef disappointed us with the main courses. The duck came out partially cold and the beef tasted fine but not special. If we could somehow have ordered only the appetizers and various amuse-bouches I would be singing a very different tune.
On the positive side, we loved the soup with Cinnamon foam on top. We also enjoy the liquid nitrogen popcorn and the fois gras in chocolate.  Dessert was also really good.
The service fell well short of what I would have expected. They cleared the table too fast between courses yet we waited too long for the next course to arrive.
The decor can be described as old Victorian residential house in which they removed the beds and added tables. They skipped all other renovations. 
The cheapest option for dinner at Marigold is the s $65 four course tasting menu.Four stars for creativity, presentation, and being such a thoughtful dining experience. Of the 15 course tasting, plus three bottles of wine, I'd be hard pressed to name just one favorite though admittedly fois gras and oysters always get my attention!The meal was made up of a fixed 13 course $90 menu and a bergamot fortune cookie. They started out with a feel good tomato soup with cheddar sandwich. The warmth of the soup matched the cosy, converted home atmosphere. Standout dishes included brandy roasted butternut squash with trumpet royale, tarragon scallops with escargot and verjus, and pears that had been soaked in pitted fruit alcohol.  Most of the time we were wondering what we were eating, and some of the time the staff didn't tell us when they placed it in front of us. Though confusing the dishes were expertly made, and very interesting. It surprised me that there were two different venison dishes, but they were very different and we were told that it was their current featured meat. I'm surprised at the other reviews that said they were not full at the end, I Iove to eat and I found myself trying not to finish every dish so that I could have room to try everything. The service was excellent, I just wish they had told us more about each fish because we frequently needed to ask more. My friends took me here for my birthday, and I would highly recommend it for special occasions.Got a gift card for here from family.  13 tasting courses that were nothing short of horizon expanding.  The food was exquisitely prepared and presented.  Every single course from the "Mojito cocktail" with its rum gel to the frogs legs to the cheese course - a delicous 8 year aged gouda cheese cake with chocolate stout foam -  was spectacular. 
The service was impeccable.  We never wanted for anything and at one point, my wife asked that we slow the pace of the dishes down, so we could enjoy the evening and each other's conversation a little more.  The staff easily accommodated.  Each server was extremely knowledgeable about each dish and was more than happy not only to describe each course, but to explain its origin and inspiration.
I can't say enough wonderful things about Marigold Kitchen.  As a serious home chef, this was an experience that has and will continue to change how I look at an approach cooking.
We will absolutely be back.  The manager told me that Tuesdays are "Test Kitchen Tuesdays" and that if I really wanted to see the chefs in full creativity mode, that was the night to go.  I think I know when I'm making my next reservation.Great variety of tasty food from extremely polite and hospitable staff. Randomly showed up on a Friday night and treated us like anyone else. I never did a tasting menu before but highly recommend it here.We ended up at Marigold Kitchen because we had a groupon and are SO glad we did.  We had the best experience and think the value we received was incredible esp because a BYO.  We cannot wait to go back and try the next season's menu.
The servers were warm and informative, the meal was paced well.  Watching the reactions of other diners made for a fun evening.  Every amouse bouche outdid the previous one.  
We loved all the tastes, it allowed us to linger and appreciate the food.  It was just a wonderful experience all around.  24 hrs after we left, we have literally already invited friends to go back with us! Cannot wait!I've been passing in front of this place but being shied away by the pricey menu. During the UC Dining Days I decided to finally give it a shot. It was the best deal I got out of all of the dining days. Amazing food, amazing service. I'll surely go back now!Last weekend was the $640m megamillions jackpot.  I bought a lottery ticket for the very first time.  My mom asked me what I would do with $640 million dollars.  I didn't know.  I didn't win.  But if I ever do, I will go to Marigold Kitchen ever day (and twice on Sunday when they have brunch).  
I loved EVERYTHING.  The meal was inventive and exciting.  They provided several amuse bouche (including pre-dessert).  The pre-desserts were amazing.  I loved the little rhubarb soda with strawberry foam, but the lavender ice cream was my favorite.  The waitress was super nice.  I had the clark park market salad with blood orange, the crab mac and cheese and the creme brulee (and a blood orange iced tea).  I could eat them every day.We have been in several times for breakfast and lunch but last night was the our first time for their take home dinner. What a treat! Brazed short ribs with a wonderfully tasty gravy, great mashed potatoes and roasted root veggies. Even though we were at home it was probably a little much to lick the container! The carrot cake cupcakes topped with a heavenly whipped icing were beyond delicious. Last years Christmas present, all-clad cookware, might be getting a rest based on Marigold's dinners to go.What a great little byob! I love that this place is in the heart of West Philly in a "home". It really feels like you are a guest in someone's home! The multiple course dinner was quite enjoyable and the young wait staff were friendly and welcoming. I won't go into detail about the food -- too many courses -- but there was nothing that had any major executional errors. Quite the contrary! I remember a simple bean dish and a deconstructed breakfast dish being extra good. This place is not quite on the same level as the premier chef's tasting menus you'll find in NYC, London or San Francisco, but the reasonable price, casual vibe, delicious food and unpretentious service make it just as desirable in my opinion.Amuse bouche to die for
Lots of bubbles
Great staff
DoneMarigold Kitchen is surprisingly easy to get into for all its finer qualities -- innovative,  modern cuisine, capable and knowledgeable service, a charming, understated presence in a quiet part of West Philly.  One expects it would be much harder to get into if it moved just 20 blocks east. I would say its quiet charm is more of the take-your-visiting-parents-from-out-of-town variety.
The many surprise amuse bouche are as advertised. We had confit duck, butternut squash, headcheese, pork belly, and more (the menu apparently changes often). The food is beautifully presented, and portions are small, discouraging sharing, encouraging health.Two things are very NOT ok. First, they did not warm the plates up when they served hot dishes, which is totally unprofessional. People knowing something about cooking should understand what I am talking about. Second, the session they used to keep customers' jackets and coats were  as chilly as outside. Imagine when you finish everything, walk to the exit, your coats are soaked in the temperature of 14. Your dinner end up with shaking.
As for the dishes, they are just like 15 well prepared assignments submitted by top students. They demonstrated techniques, creativity and attentiveness. But viewed as a whole, there is no a wow factor for me. I cannot pick one of the most impressive dish to mark the memory. Many dishes share a common ingredient that had strong and distinctive taste. And there are many kinds of tubers in the dishes. So you would have an impression of repetition.My wife asked me where I wanted to eat for my birthday, and I'd just read a glowing writeup in Philadelphia Magazine. So I pushed for Marigold Kitchen, and I'm glad I did! The cost of the tasting menu was a bit higher than I expected (I think it was $90) and the wine we brought was  clearly not as refined as the menu, but the food itself was delicious. 
Make sure to leave yourself lots of time when you book here. The courses come at a reasonable clip, but with 10-12 of them (we weren't sure how to count), it takes a while. We ate a little quickly because we had another engagement to attend, and the meal took us more than 2.5 hours. 
Anyway, this is my new favorite restaurant in Philly. Not excessively salty (many restaurants here seem to kill the food with salt) and lots of delicate flavors. Good use of vegetables and a creative cheese course that you have to try to understand (I won't spoil the surprise, but they will soon be switching to a summer menu so that might change.) 
Good news for food lovers: MK is opening a sister restaurant in Center City at around 21st and Chestnut. Closer to where I live, which is extremely dangerous for my pocketbook. Can't wait to try out that spot, which is supposed to be more a la carte. 
Oh, and props to our server Nitassia for being knowledgeable without being stuffy or preachy.Amuse douche....
The restaurant itself is an interesting space, a full West Philly house converted into a restaurant.  We were seated upstairs in a small room that was cozy, but since we were alone in the room for much of the meal we often felt like we were forgotten about.
We started our meal by ooing and ahhing at the interesting menu and all ordered appetizers.  As we waited for our apps, we were brought a series a amuse bouches which ranged from interesting to weird to just not very good (the cracker thing filled with watery cheese).  I hate to rip on free things, but the series of tastes completely distracted from the focus of the meal, the things that we chose to eat and pay for.  After all of the little tastes we were all left wondering why we ever ordered appetizers. When the appetizers finally did come, I was very happy with my "147 degree" salad named for the temperature that the egg is cooked, which true to promise was a perfectly sous vide (sp?) egg and was part of a great salad.  The other apps at the table were not as well received, but no big complaints.
Another half hour and another pallet cleanser later (now 2 hours after we were seated) our entrees arrived.  I really enjoyed my squab, but the green spinach log that was served with it was frankly inedible.  It was so salty that I had to share bits with everyone at the table so that everyone could join in the fun saying, "can you believe they served that? it's just salt?"  The other entrees were just okay.  It was clear that presentation was the real focus leaving the flavors largely disappointing.
We declined to to get dessert since we didn't know how many odd bites would show up if we stuck around.  As we left the premises a friend mentioned, "was I the only one who saw the mice running around?"  Not sure whether it was a good thing that he waited until after the meal to share this tidbit.  For the money there are just way too many other places I'd rather go.I think this is one of THE best restaurants in the city!  The atmosphere and staff are amazing each time I visit.  Rob is so creative with his food combos and ingredients. 
They can be hit or miss, but it's something different, and not the same old thing other chefs are doing.  It does take awhile to get through all of the courses, so I wouldn't visit here if you have movie or show tickets.
 It is a bit pricey, compared to other places in University City, but you really do get your money's worth. The four course option is plenty, when you add the bouches to it.   It's an excellent choice for a quiet and romantic dinner.  The outside does look like a house, so don't feel stupid if you walk by it 5 times (like I did!)
Oh and it's BYOB (and no corking fee!)We celebrated our anniversary at Marigold Kitchen last night. The restaurant is situated in a lovely, home from 1907. The atmosphere is cozy and charming. 
What most impressed me during our experience was how flexible the kitchen was with my dietary restrictions. When I made the reservation, I mentioned that I can't have gluten or dairy. The kitchen accommodated my needs, I never felt like I was left out. I really appreciated the gluten free bread substitutions   I've never felt so taken care of. I really appreciate this service! I often feel like I miss out on tasting menus because the kitchen has to make so many subtractions. At Marigold, I got to enjoy each dish fully. It was amazing!
All of the 13 courses were truly remarkable. My favorites were the Walnut Bisque, Some of the Duck, and apple dessert. The dishes were flavorful and inventive. I love that the menu reflects the season and utilizes local resources.
I look forward to returning! It was a culinary experience that surpassed my expectations, and it's BYOB. My fiancee did note, that while there were so many courses, he didn't feel filled at the end. Perhaps some of the courses could increase in size ever so slightly. That was his criticism, but I felt satisfied.The setting itself is awesome -- intimate and stylish, inside a West Philly row home  -- and the dishes are super-pleasantly zany. 
I was seriously wowed by a seasonal soup and the desserts. There were, in fact, tons of things  that looked like neat ideas on the menu...the only downside to all the neat is that the portions of neat are small and kind of expensive for being, you know, neat. But that's my opinion as someone who lives for person-sized eggs at Sabrina's, and if I were a person more interest in interesting food in real life -- as opposed to on top chef -- I imagine this would be my PHL go-to.Marigold is not worth the price tag of $90/person. They overpromise but underdeliver. My fiancé and I had been wanting to go here for awhile, so when he proposed, he made us reservations to celebrate at Marigold, the night after. We go out to eat a lot in Philly, always for special occasions. (Recent places include Laurel, Friday Saturday Sunday, Ambra) I can tell you that all of those other restaurants do something special to elevate your experience (in addition to great food), and help create a memorable evening. Marigold, didn't even write "Congratulations" on a plate. 
Here's everything that went wrong which shouldn't in a fine dining restaurant - No one greeted us when we walked in the door. When someone finally realized we had been standing there for a few minutes, they did not ask to take our coats. It seemed the waitress was new or something, as it was like she had stagefright every time she explained a course. Telling us about a meal seemed to exhaust her. At one point, she started walking away before she was even done with the description. We were not asked once how any of the food was. The waitress also dropped the bill when she gave us our last course. Typically, fine dining restaurants will want you to feel comfortable and sit awhile after your meal. We were also not asked if there was anything else we needed. I'm sure you won't be surprised to hear that when we left, there was no host/ess to wish us a goodnight. 
The food however, was fantastic. It was very interesting, creative, and refined. We did agree that while the food was great, it didn't feel like a $90/meal. It wasn't filling enough, and felt like there should have been another course or two. While we knew to expect a multi-course tasting menu, we were not given any explanation of what courses/how many to expect, progression of the meal, etc. The first time we heard about any of the courses was when they brought them to us. Some type of intro into generally what to expect would have been helpful because when they brought the first dessert out our reactions were, "oh... I guess that's it?" We were surprised that there were only two hot "main" courses and were already on to dessert.  
When the $200 bill came, we felt a bit ripped off. Marigold's price should be cut in half. They are absolutely doing the food right, but that's only half of the battle. They have no idea how to create a good experience. A restaurant experience is a necessity, especially for such a high price. There was no experience for us. What should have been a fun, celebratory evening, was unmemorable. Save your money and go to a restaurant that actually cares about it's customers experiences.Operating continuously in the same Victorian location since 1934, Marigold's current small plate tasting menu style (by my count, 14 courses) dates back to at least the days when Erin O'Shea (Percy St. Barbeque) and then Michael Solomonov (Zahav, Federal Donuts) had it's helm. Since Michael, the torch has passed through his disciple (and sous) Robert Halpern (2009-2014) and now to Robert's disciples (and sous), current owners Andrew Kochan and Tim Lanza (2014-present). So, in a way, Marigold is like the Dread Pirate Roberts of the amuse bouche crowd. It won the "second best" of Philadelphia restaurants award, but many in my acquaintance consider it to be THE best BYOB in Philadelphia. Andrew has brought a bit more discipline to the restaurant (perhaps its his degree in mathematical economics), which makes for a more consistently remarkable experience. The whole team (including frontman, Christopher), appear to gel well and have a lot of momentum for carrying on the prestigious traditions of its former days. A foodie's foodie hangout. 5 stars.FOODIE HEAVEN!
I found this place as a surprise for my boyfriend during our long weekend trip to Philly.  I had read the reviews and was excited about the prospect of multiple amuse bouches (even though it was a lengthly cab ride into west philly from where we stayed in the old city - totally worth it!!).
This restaurant is in a row house in a neighborhood and BYOB (which is awesome).  It's small so reservations are a must.  
We started off with the Chicken Fried Sweetbreads (Stewed plum ginger beer gel, savory waffle, country gravy, sweet potato shoestrings) and the Sake Marinated Torchon of Foie Gras (Sea Urchin, Dashi, Wasabi Froth, Edamame Foam, Freeze Dried Edamame). Both were tasty - but heading back I would say the sweetbreads got the top spot.  
Then the amuse bouches started... which was a wonderful surprise to the BF.  Each was just one or two bites and you could tell that serious thought had gone into each.  The surprise element in receiving and tasting each one (we had about 5 or 6 throughout dinner) made the dinner truly memorable.  The chef even came out and talked to us about them.
For entrees, we had the Golden Tile Fish (English peas, Trumpet Royales, Criminis, Shiitakes, Berkshire Bacon, Parmesan Reggiano Broth) and the New World Paella (Langoustine, Scallops, Clams, Squid, Monkfish, Pulled Chicken, Chorizo, Cauliflower Couscous, and tomato saffron broth).
Was this the best meal of my life? No, but the ambiance, creativity, surprises, service and overall experience gives this restaurant 5 stars and is highly recommended.I visited Marigold Kitchen this week for a low-key birthday dinner with my husband. I think it has a great potential, but on a Wednesday night, we arrived to our 8:00 dinner reservation to a nearly empty restaurant. Only 2 other tables were seated when we arrived, and no one else showed up the rest of the evening. I know it's January, a bad month for restaurants, but come on, people! Get out of your house!
The chef is bringing some advanced techniques to a pretty laid-back neighborhood. I appreciate the art and craft of food, but I think the main problem is tying the food together with the space and locale. There are lots of foams and gelees for a restaurant that is competing mainly with a half-dozen Ethiopian places. It's pretty expensive too, for the area, but I do think it is a good value.
Atmosphere - Cute, but there could be better attention to the lighting and walls. The walls were vibrant yellow, and had some interesting sculptures really randomly strewn about. The track lighting didn't really do much to create a space. It was pretty harsh. Otherwise, it's super cozy and charming.
Service - Fine. Friendly and casual. 
Food - My husband's vegetarian selections (Chestnut Soup with some foams and things, and Potatoes 3 ways with more foam) were quite elaborate and sculptural. I tasted his dishes and despite the many components, all the flavors really worked together and complemented each other. Loved them. My selections (Tuna Tartare and Swordfish) seemed to work less well. The Tartare was served with a raw quail egg, and was delicious. But then there were these other parts - the tiniest cube of vodka gelee with 12 osetra caviar eggs perched on top, and then further away from that, 8 nonsensical and nearly invisible mustard seeds that I am not sure what I was supposed to do with. Eat the whole teeny pile in one bite? Take my tweezers and pick out an individual seed to go with a bite of tartare? It just didn't make any sense. And, of course, there was more foam on the side. The swordfish was well cooked and tasty, but actually kind of boring compared to what was going on with the Potato entree. I was a little jealous.
The dessert was a chocolate profiterole with pistachio ice cream. It was good but a little on the conventional side.
The chef came out after we ate and introduced himself, which I always like. I am looking forward to trying it again, especially when it's not January and all we have for local food is potatoes and kale. I am optimistic that Marigold Kitchen will work out its kinks, get its groove on and deliver some sophistication and newness to an otherwise dreary neighborhood for food.
Also, I do love BYOB, but for a meal put together with so much precision, it is unfortunate there are no specialty cocktails, wine pairings, or apertifs that could be enjoyed. Sad.We ventured out of our comfort zone, actually crossing the Schulkyl to try Marigold Kitchen, a highly recommended BYO. It's in an old house in West Philadelphia and is surprisingly big inside. The small seasonal menu was interesting with many fresh ingredients but each preparation seemed simple so as to allow you to fully enjoy the flavor of the main ingredient. We were started off with an amuse bouche of lamb & feta wrapped grape leaf. I wish we could have gotten several more they were great starters. For appetizers we had an asparagus salad and carrot soup. The carrot soup was the best carrot soup I've ever had and I honestly thought about licking the bowl. For main courses we had salmon poached in olive oil with morels and pickeled fiddleheads. I wasn't a big fan of the fiddleheads but the salmon was amazing being so moist and perfectly cooked that the pieces seemed to melt in my mouth. It was new on the menu but cooked flawlessly. We also tried the halibut en brik which was also cooked perfectly. Both servings were generously sized, but despite that we polished off the plate completely. I had chocolate cake with seasame ice cream and a tuille which was good but not the best chocolate cake I've ever had. We also had white chocolate mousse with rhubarb and almond cobbler, that was amazing. We had never had anything like it and it really impressed. The waitstaff was great and we would go back again in a second.Ate here with some friends and the sweet breads in a bao bun was amazing.All 5 Stars. 
Made my reservation right from their website. Got in got seated quickly and it took off from there.
We did the $30 3 course thing. 
I had the Muscles and Sausage and she had the Pound cake topped with ham and peaches for our first course. Amazing. Left us begging for more.
2nd course I had the pork loin and she had the scallops. Amazing. Good job on portions too. I almost had too much meat on the plate. Almost...
3rd course. Dessert. YES! Wonderful. Chocolate mousse with raspberry for her and a pear tart topped with Vanilla bourbon ice cream for me.
All 5 stars. 
Service - 5 stars
Food - 5 stars
Atmosphere - 5 stars
Take your lover here and love her with the great food. do it.Went to Marigold for the first time last night with 4 close friends/colleagues.  The atmosphere was homey with yellow walls.  It was quite quiet and easy to carry on a conversation.  The food was lovely, with enough choices, especially appetizers, for our vegetarian friend.  Portions are small which has been said before - lots of room for amazing deserts and chese plate!  Five of us spent about $240 with tip.
JaneWe traveled here from several states away to try this restaurant on a recommendation.  We had a reservation for 4 people.  However, we ran into a close family friend and invited her to dinner.  Upon getting there, the hostess/manager refused to add just one chair to the table which definitely had room to do so.  We even offered to sit 3 people to 2 chairs if need be and only order 4 dishes if the chef was worried about cooking too many dishes.  The restaurant at the time was barely half full yet she kept stating that they were at capacity.  What made me the most angry was that the manager didn't even act sorry at all.  A place which charges $$$ for food should have top quality service and that is definitely not what we got today.  What a waste of time.  Reading other reviews about bad service and hit or miss food, I can say I'm glad we skipped out and got dim sum instead.We went there last week and it was very, very good. One of the top places we've been to in Philly. We could really see and taste the artistry in the flavor and texture combinations. Our appetizers were revelations -- velvety tuna tartare in a pickled-cucumber salad with a dollop of perfect, light horseradish cream, and foie gras on a surprising, slightly sweet cracker - almost a cookie. My dining partner had what she called an "amazing monkfish piccata," crispy on the edges but not overcooked, and served with an intense lemon sauce. I had the squab, which was interestingly gamy though perhaps not the most exciting item on the menu. For dessert we had a narrow wedge of rich chocolate tart with "seasonal" strawberries.
I was interested in trying some of that molecular gastronomy I've heard so much about, but there really wasn't much here -- very light foams (or "bubbles") on a couple items and that was about it. I would've like to try some more adventurous dishes.Took my wife here for her birthday. I love how cozy it is. It's like eating in someone's living room. The food was delicious, and the variety was very interesting. It's a tasting menu, so relax and let them spoil you.Haven't been here in years, but stopped by recently to use a Groupon coupon.  Solid as ever. Great knowledgeable, efficient service without being overbearing, lots of free amuse, tasty food thru and through.I was here for the second time a month ago and it was every bit as delicious as my first visit several years ago.
This time I went for University City restaurant week and thought quality/quantity might suffer, but I was dead wrong. The flavors of every dish were just out-of-the-world amazing. The key winner was the corn chowder, that tasted like perfectly ripened sweet corn off the cob. Amazing.
The only gripe was the oppressive heat inside! It was a humid day and the air was not barely circulating. 
FYI: it's BYOB :)Don't miss the Spring Menu at Marigold Kitchen
The setting: warm and welcoming. But what are we really here for, but the palate pleasing palette of delicious, diverse cuisine.  Ten courses, each uttelyr different and completely satisfying.
 Homemade rosemary bread with amazingly flavorful chanterelle butter to break the fast.  Then a panoply of starters - cool and refreshing Edamame Hummus studded with black sesame, brightened with a touch of chili oil and eaten with a light rice cracker; a lemon leek ricotta gnudi dressed with peeled tomato and fresh oregano; and a flavorful salad of lettuces in a puff pastry with sweet nubs of pineapple and crunchy hazelnut. 
The perfectly cooked Thai scallop with a fragrant and dizzyingly delicious curry-coconut sauce with mango, basil and mint was a showstopper, and I almost halted the meal right there since all I wanted was a full plate of this wonderful dish.  But more was still to come.  We moved to red wine when the tender wild boar was served with a braised mustard seed sauce, shiitake mushrooms and fava beans.   Again, my eyes closed with pleasure as I tasted the escargot in a 'good to the last drop' sauce of zinfandel, parmesan and basil.  We took a breath with the refreshing cantaloupe sorbet perfectly matched with cucumber water, a surprising, cool combination.  The perfectly cooked black pearl salmon with Bernaise sauce, a poached egg and Ossetra came next followed by tender free range Australian lamb with tabbouleh, pine nuts and white bean garnish. 
The cheese course was a melted base of Camembert de Normandie with a jellied strawberry and rhubarb flavored with balsamic and thyme.  The chef proved that he also masters chocolate with a rich square of dark chocolate ganache brightened with passionfruit, softened with buttermilk and garnished with edible wild flowers.  But my favorite was the 'finger likin' good' foie gras twix with a slight taste of dulce de leche and a white chocolate crunch candy.
Chef Keith Krajewski  has built on his foundation of training at the Culinary institute of America with flavors and a style that are all his own.  I cannot wait for my next meal at Marigold Kitchen, and following his culinary journey in the years ahead.Well I went here a few weeks ago as a nice low-key outing. We were sat upstairs which was a good thing since it was a humid night and the air conditioning up there made it tolerable. Our server was very pleasant and we enjoyed the meal. I just wasn't blown away by it. Very simple preps done well and nice plating. Nothing memorable and just didn't seem worth the price tag or the hike to get there. 
If you are going here expect a relaxed slow evening. The restaurant seems to focus more of relaxed dining over long periods than quick turn-over and getting as many bodies in a night as possible. 
Definitely make reservations. Since the place is small and seems to fill up fast.My wife and I had the chef's tasting menu for our anniversary, and it was as good a restaurant experience as we've had. The dishes were extremely inventive and varied, exactly what you'd want off of a tasting menu. The pacing and portions were also good - we never felt hungry and walked away satisfied, but also never felt like we were too full to go on. The wait staff was very pleasant and happy to take the time to answer questions, and we very much enjoyed the conversation with the chef at evenings' end. About a month later we ate at Le Bec Fin for a birthday, and walked away agreeing that we had enjoyed our evening at Marigold far more (and for quite a bit less money).I'm going to give this place a second try, because it appears to have better potential than what I experienced.  Went on a Tuesday night, late-ish (around 9:30) and they were busier than I expected (I was actually afraid they'd be closed!), and claimed that they weren't expecting such a crowd so they were short staffed.
 The food was well prepared, but just seemed bland.  Began with the mussels, which were good, with lots of Spanish Chorizo.  The pork shanks, were very substantial and well cooked, but surprisingly lacking in flavor.  The lentils they sat on, however, were fantastic.  I could have eaten a whole side of those!  The other entree, the cod with tomato coulis, was also well prepared but rather boring.With our 6 year anniversary swiftly approaching, I was at a loss as to where we should go to celebrate since I love to try new places, but despite going to so many of the most highly rated restaurants there were still so many options available! I nearly cried with joy when Philly Mag's top 50 rsetaurant list came out, and after looking through the list decided that Marigold Kitchen fit the bill for our celebration.
This byob is very unassuming, located in the corner house on a mostly residential street, and when you enter the feeling of being in someone's (quite nice) home continues. We were promptly seated by the host in the first room, which had some interesting iron and glass work on the walls - I especially liked the one above the fireplace. After our server explained the menu, told us the one special that night (crab mac & cheese), we decided on the 5 course menu. She warned us of the onslaught of amuse bouches that came to our table before our first appetizer; I'd describe all seven, but my review is too long!
Moon Stone Oysters (3 ways: fried, baked, raw) - highly recommended by our server, mostly because of the type of oysters which are quite flavorful. Of course, the three preparations mostly mask that, but my fiancé enjoyed them (I couldn't try myself - it's a little awkward to share something that's pretty much one bite)
Winter Harvest (local root vegetables, coconut gel, curried raisin, nameko mushroom, quinoa-almond powder): a work of art in its plating, and quite delicious, especially if you like beets - there were slices of red, golden, and candy-striped
Duck Egg Carbonara (house-made goat's milk ricotta, squash "noodles," pancetta): wow, this dish was small but super creamy and delicious because of all of the components. You have no choice but to break open the duck egg yolk, which you should definitely swirl around with the noodles and everything else. The pancetta adds the necessary additional salt to combat the richness of the yolk and ricotta, but it isn't a heavy dish at all - my fiance LOVED it
Hamachi (duck kidney mousse, wild mushroom "forrest," puffed sticky rice, mushroom tea): the presentation was great - they brought the mushroom tea first to steap, and then poured it over the little hamachi filet. The wild mushroom 'forest' looked just like they had grown on the side of the plate, and probably had one of every variety of mushroom as part of it, with the duck kidney mousse underneath providing a wonderful fatty salty flavor that enhanced the entire dish. The puffed sticky rice had seaweed in it for another element of salt. Delicious!
Halibut (curried egg-country bread crust, cauliflower in textures, chorizo, red pepper nage): This was my fiance's choice, and it was good (but mine was better :P), the fish was well cooked with a nice crispy crust, the cauliflower was the star of the dish and my fiance's favorite part, the nage just added some moisture to the fish
Diver Scallop (parmesan broth, english peas, pancetta lardoons, wild mushrooms, puffed scallop): yeah, this we agreed was the winning fish entrée - the one large scallop at the center was seared perfectly so that it was still melt in your mouth tender, practically like eating raw scallop, the broth was creamy, a little salty from the parmesan and pancetta, and the peas were so fresh they must've been picked that day. But the best part was the puffed scallop, which is MY version of pork rinds, it was really good I didn't want to give my fiance a large bite, but I allowed a taste
Painted Hill's Filet Of Beef (turnip-horseradish puree, seared foie gras, baby turnip, pear, arugula, caramelized onion pudding): Here is where my fiance won the 'battle of the dishes' because I had to admit that this was the superior dish, and I don't even eat beef. The beef topped with the foie gras was so tender it literally melted in my mouth, and the foie gras was nearly as big of a piece as the beef and richly delish. All of the accompaniments only added to the flavor of the dish, beautifully composed flavors
Duck (crispy skin breast, confit leg, parsnip-white chocolate puree, duck-fat roasted carrots): well cooked, but cut too thick, the puree added perfect sweetness to savory
Chocolate (in various forms & textures): pretty and yummy, but nothing crazy special
Butterscotch Cremeaux (apple, peanut butter, pomegranate, coffee, bergamot, bacon-oatmeal cookies): DELICIOUS. No words, just try and see for yourself
Overall, it was a wonderful meal. I can't believe the negative reviews before our visit (I was terrified we would experience a mouse or nasty service), but everything was clean, beautifully plated and well-cooked, and the staff were all very professional, knowledgeable of the cuisine, and warm and friendly. I highly recommend Marigold Kitchen for a special occasion - it doesn't beat Vetri, but for the price, the amount of food we had, and the creativity behind this molecular gastronomy, Marigold Kitchen is a SERIOUS bargain. WORTHWhat a disappointment. I was sooo excited to go to marigold kitchen for months. We went in a group of 10 for a friend's birthday, and it started out really well. The waitress seemed to be on top of it.. Or so I thought. 
I have 6 food allergies. They are actually pretty easy to avoid, except for dairy and eggs. They sent out 8 amuse bouches through the course of the meal, most if which I couldn't have-- which is fine, but the server kept setting them in front of me knowing full well that I was allergic to them!!
Thankfully, we were there with a chef friend who was on top of everything and recognized that I couldn't have them. When I asked why she kept serving me food I was allergic to, she actually said, "oh we put them there so you can give them to whoever you want."  Had I been unaware or drunk or just not paying attention, I'd have been in the hospital so fast... 
When I told a foodie friend about this let down of an experience, she said "Oh, it's well known that Marigold doesn't modify food even for allergies. Kind of sucks for people like you..." 
Bottom line, don't go here if you need any kind of modification for your meals. They aren't accommodating.Well, i had high hopes for Marigold Kitchen, besides the number 2 rating in Philly Magazine. The buzz surrounding this small byob in university city was fervent and constant.  I had heard things like the new Alinea of Philly and such.  Did it deliver on such high praise and hopes.  One word, a resounding yes.  
I went here with a friend from culinary school, we both had been wanting to come here and the timing was right so we got a reservation just a day ahead which in my book is a big plus.  I was greeted very warmly on a cold "spring" evening and waited for my friend to arrive.  Just from sitting briefly and looking into the dining room i could see i was in for something special.    (Sidenote, others have metnioned about lack of parking, which could not be further from the truth,this is UC and there is free street parking everywhere.)
Once we were seated, we were told about the menu and some of the options, which were very interesting and quite exciting to both myself and my date.   At Marigold, they only do tastings, ranging from 4 to 6 courses.  However, i must mention, you will not be eating just 4 or 6 courses.  You will be eating many many more amouse and small tastes in between and around your meal leading up to certain dishes.  This was a wonderful surprise to both myself and my date.  We did not know we would be tasting so much more, and oh the things we had.  Honestly, i couldnt even do it justice trying to remember all the elements and different flavors we experienced, suffice to say it ranged all over the map from the best foie and chocolate cookie bite i have ever had in my life to brilliant palate cleansers and everthing in between.  (other have mentioned how hungry they have been upon leaving. I don't know if they are just being picky or just being obese because i am 6-5 225 and i was stuffed when we were finished).
My dishes were a trio of oysters, hamachi with a gorgeous wonderful aromatic mushroom dashi, duck 3 ways and with amazing white chocolate puree, and for desert a tasting of choclates which was very very good, im not even a huge chocolate person but this was great, amazing textures and flavors. My date had the beef tartar which was truly stunning with a blue cheese ice cream and many other flavors such as red and golden beet in different textures, followed by an octopus dish which was great, then seared scallops in a parmesan broth with peas and pancetta, it was incredible.  For desert she had the carrot cake with goats milk ice cream which was really good.  The food was just amazing and the service was right on par with it, truly a memorable dining experience, i will be back.  The chef was so gracious as to come out and speak with us and inquire how the meal was.   Truly worthy of all its acclaim.Sunday brunch was great at Marigold Kitchen.  The small setting and rustic-chic decor gives the feeling of dining in the parlor of someone's home, which in a sense, you are.  Food was great all the way around.  A unique, delicious place for bunch. Looking forward to coming back for dinner.
From the menu the table ordered duck fat fries and popovers to start.  The fries come with three dipping sauces, all delicious, especially the truffle aioli.  The popovers were very good and a surprise highlight of the meal.  Flaky and crispy outside, soft and doughy under the crust.  Popovers came with a homemade raspberry jam.  Man were they good with some coffee.  For mains the table ordered pheasant and waffles, two crab omelets, and a duck confit panini.  Everyone was very pleased.  Out of those choices I believe the crab omelet was the star.  Other options on the menu looked inciting as well.  We were in a hurry and forgot to pick up champagne as it is a byob.  Next time we'll be sure to bring the bubbly.
In addition to the food and ambiance the service was very friendly and professional.  Finally, to top it off, the menu is very reasonably priced.  I don't like to give out too many five-star ratings, but I can't think of anything negative about this brunch experience.  Way to go Marigold, keep it up!My hubby and I wanted to have a nice dinner during our brief trip to Philly and read about Marigold Kitchen in the Philadelphia's "The 50 Best Restaurants in Philadelphia: 2013."  It was #2 on the list with BYOB and $65 for a tasting menu.  
Please note that dinner here was NOT $65.  It is now $85.  I wish we knew this going in, we probably would have gone somewhere else.  We did enjoy our meal and loved the culinary adventure, but it was a little more than what I would have liked to spend on dinner. 
I called up and made a reservation the same day for 8pm.  Apparently there was a cancellation and we lucked out.  I also mentioned I have a slight dairy allergy.  I don't eat cheese.
We arrived at 8pm and were seated upstairs.  It's a very intimate restaurant in an older house.  We don't have restaurants like this in NYC - so it was really unique to be eating in what was probably someone's living room. 
Our server took our beer to keep cold for us and got us a few glasses.  Since its a tasting menu we just sat back and enjoyed the ride.  
Food came out over the course of 2.5 hours.  We were super hungry, so we gobbled up the first few courses and then slowed down later on.  The food was interesting, some dishes were definitely better than others.  
Here are a few options:
Liquid Nitro Popcorn - this was fun to eat, but it's just popcorn.  It was an easy starter and went well with our beer.  Never had anything like it. 
Gazpacho Dippin' Dots - I love dippin' dots, so I was a big fan of this. Wish they served more than 1 small spoon full.  It really did taste like gazpacho!   
Everything Carrot - this was just okay.  Crispy carrots covered in the seeds, etc. that an everything bagel would have.  I could live w/out this option.  
Cracker w/ 2 Year Aged Cabot Clothbound Cheddar - I couldn't eat this but they brought me one anyway.  Gave it to my husband who liked this.  Is this really considered a course??  It was literally the size of a chex.  
Lobster Bisque w/ Thyme Bubbles - we would soon learn that the chef loves bubbles... this wasn't good.  It was way too watery and had a strange flavor.  I just took a small sip since dairy makes me feel a little "eh"  My husband didn't like this either.  It was essentially a drink, yuck. 
Roasted Corn Ravioli - I loved this but was worried it had cheese... I took the chance anyway.  It was worth it.  Once of the best small dishes of the night. 
Beef Tartare - this was amazing.  The best beef tartare I ever had.  It came with a ton of garnishes that you eat in clockwise with the beef.  There were different sauces and mustard ice cream... each one was unique and added a complexity to the beef.  I could have eaten this all night.   
House Cured Kago Buri Hamachi w/ Wild Mushroom Forest, Mushroom Tea - another delicious dish.  The broth was delicious, the fish was succulent and the mushrooms were amazing.  Be careful w/ the bowl - it's rather unsteady. 
Duck Egg "Carbonara" w/ spaghetti squash, Sheep's Milk Ricotta, Pancetta - I couldn't eat this because of the cheese.  my husband loved it.  I forget what I got instead, but it was good... 
Lamb w/ Summer Beans, Artichoke, Chick Pea Panisse, Cauliflower-Almond Puree - this was delicious as well.  The lamb was cooked perfectly and went well with all the sides.  It was only a few ounces, but at this point in the meal, you're already getting full and couldn't eat a huge portion anyway.  
Cheese Plate w/ Doe Run Bathed In Victory, Valley Shepherd Creamery More-Beer, Point Reyes Blue - this was a rather large portion for just one person.  Perhaps they forgot I couldn't eat cheese.  My husband loved it.   
Summer Fruits & Berries w/ Goat's Kefir Ice Cream, Mint, White Chocolate Powder, Rose Water Consommé - I thought this was really good.  I had a sorbet instead of the ice cream.  
Overall, the meal was tasty and interesting.  They paced it well so we could enjoy each dish.  I feel like a number of items were just "eh" and I could have gone w/out.  I don't know if they added a number of these items to make the price point more expensive since they can now say it's a 10 - 12 tasting menu.  Some of the options were literally just a single bite and I would have rather received a smaller number of items and focused on the heroes of the meal, which were the Hamachi, Lamb, Beef Tartare and the dessert.  The food was more like a culinary experiment, there were bubbles in various flavors and lots of liquid nitro to make things smoke.  I'm sure the chef was having fun in the back w/ all these options, but it really didn't rock my boat.
We were surprised when the bill came.  We kept reading reviews online and everyone talks about the $65 tasting menu.  We're glad we came here and had a lovely time, but had we known it was $85, we probably wouldn't have tried it.   
Did we enjoy our meal - yes.  Would we come back - probably not.Went back to Marigold Kitchen because I really like Erin O'Shea's menu and cooking.  The standards were all great - Stone-Ground Grits with Butter-Poached Oysters, the salads, the perfectly cooked hangar steak.  I have, however, a couple small misgivings: plates should be warmed so that dishes are not getting cold almost immediately.  The tapioca pudding with pickled water melon was a very sad looking dessert - a small amount of tapioca with a miniscule amount of water melon, not enough to break the monotony of eating tapioca.
The service, as always, was most friendly and accommodating, but slows down considerably when the restaurant fills up.  Something should be done to soften the very high decibel level in the main dining room.BEWARE: On a weekend night, a meal at Marigold can take more than 3 hours.  Also, it can be extremely loud - difficult to hold a conversation.  The food is extraordinary, but don't go here on a weekend unless you want to avoid talking to the person you're dining with for a very, very long time.We went on New Years Eve, so we weren't expecting their absolute best.  They were offering 6 courses for $65, and to be fair the portions were surprisingly generous for a tasting menu.  
Chef Erin O'Shea does a nice job of pairing sweet and savory flavors, which was helpful because the meats and fishes were far too salty.  I ended up not finishing the trout (3rd course) and bypassing the quail (4th course) altogether.  The gingerbread cake and pistachio ice cream had a wonderful texture and taste and I would get it again if it were on the regular menu.  
What really killed it for us was that we were there for three hours!  And that was after we asked them to omit one course because we just couldn't sit in the chairs any longer.  Basically we were waiting half an hour between courses, and oddly other tables were served ahead of us.  It was hard to comprehend because otherwise the service was very knowledgeable and attentive.  The one bathroom had a long line and no lights.
The food was intriguing, but not really worth the back pain.I came for brunch and I am in love with this place!
Tried the
-French Toast "Elvis Style"
-Egg Benedict (SO GOOD)
Disappointed by nothing. Definitely coming back for dinner.Really in terms of price to quality 3.5. I came here with my girlfriend and brother last year as my brother was visiting from out of town. It been 6 months and only now writing review because while I had great time don't have that much to say.  It Is a prefixed many course meal for comparatively a reasonable price but the food doesn't blow your king. Portions are very small but you won't leave hungry. We are vegetarian  so for the main dish they literally just Swapped proteins and gave us tofu instead of chicken. It was bad because it was just something I could make at home. The best part is how intimate it is there were only 3 tables that night and that it is byobA good solid 3.5 or 4.  Loved this place.  May have been a little understaffed in terms of wait staff, but the food was very pleasant.  The service was not on par as some other places (unlike Southwark, not as attentive or quick), but the food was definiately creative and very good.  They have seasonal specialties and they are really, very good.  A BYOB in every sense,  I don't think they serve anything besides water.  Made reservations and came here on a Friday night, two appetizers and 2 main courses.  All were very good, especially the scallops here.  Will not hesitate to go back, though they do close a bit early.  Last call is at 9:30PM.MAJOR CHANGE....They've eliminated the menu and gone to a 16 "course" fixed menu with three entree options. Went with 9 friends and made it to course #7 before the laughter and hunger overtook us and we had to leave....terrible. Want more info ? The first course was a couple popcorn funnels with dry ice for effect (not kidding). Then came 3 slices of head cheese for 10 people, enough said ?This was one of the most enjoyable dining experiences I have ever had! We did the 4 course tasting menu, and it was just one surprise after another. Our server was very attentive, and casual in a good way! I love that they take risks with their dishes - there were a couple misses, but what can you expect when you are served almost 4 courses with about 6 amuse bouche. The whole experience lasted 2.5 hours. What a great way to spend a night out with my husband. Enthusiastically recommend it!This is an absolutely phenomenal restaurant for the price of an average restaurant.  Two of us ordered 3 average-priced courses and the total price was ~$90 (before tip).  So, we ordered 3 courses, but were treated to an additional 11 courses of amuse-bouches, those little tasy bites that some chefs insert between courses.  we actually had six different courses before our salad/appetizer arrived.  Each and every course was interesting and tasty.
This is worth traveling for.  This place should be packed every night.Had dinner there last Saturday. I thought it was quite good - but not great - for a few reasons. As a result I can just give 2 stars, though it could have earned more. Based on my experience it is hard to see how it is a top-5 restaurant; I would rate Talula's Garden and Mica higher (with Mica topping that list).
My wife and I were seated on the 2nd floor, which seems more quiet and was fine. But we both did notice that the bathroom on that floor seemed to have a water leak from the 3rd floor and so there was a bit of the ceiling hanging down a bit near the window and it was black-stained, which was kind of gross in a way.
The knowledge of the wait staff varied widely. Our main waiter was very, very good. But some courses were brought by other people and they were nowhere near as knowledgeable. For example, we noticed two courses delivered by another gentleman and the description of each was quite lacking. One was a cheese course - and we actually listened in on a table behind us getting the same course in order to hear the much longer & more detailed description. Another course came that we swear the person said included lobster but were later told by the main waiter was pork belly. So suffice it to say, our main server was very good and had a great personality but not all the waitstaff were to this standard (we expected better).
Lastly, one course came out that had a (live) bug in the middle of it. In credit to the restaurant it was small and hard to spot and they immediately removed the plate and replaced it 5 minutes later with a fresh course, and were apologetic.
Oh - one last odd touch -- the steak knives we had were from Ikea. The wood was a bit worn from washing them but more than anything it just seemed kind of out of place.Best. Culinary. Experience. Ever. From the moment you walk to when you leave, you will be treated like royalties and dine like Iron Chefs. Seriously, its every foodie's dream! The $90 per person 13 course tasting menu is extravagant and fancy, perfect for special occasions. The boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary, and the staff reminded us of how special our day was on multiple occasions, like a 'happy anniversary' card placement, candles on dessert course and being the first to try the new dish-passion fruit sugar cane. Plus they even offered to take care of our parking ticket if we get one! 
Reasons for my obsession - 
- Phenomenal customer service!!! 
- The dishes may be small, but they are packed with flavor. Each bite is an explosion in your month. Literally a party for your palate. The ingredients married together beautifully. And don't even get me started about the plating. The flavors were perfectly balance, yet potent, and it enhanced the freshness and integrity of the ingredients. 
- Love that the ingredients are seasonal and local, which explains why the tasting menu is changed twice every season. 
- Great at accommodating dietary restrictions while not compromising quality. 
- You might expect to not be full due to the small portions, but remember there are 13 courses. My boyfriend and I are both big eaters, and we both left very satisfied!
- The pacing of courses was great. In between wine, conversations, food, we never felt rushed once. The staff was also very open to feedback and critics of the dishes. 
- The first two floor are for customer seating, and the third floor are actually some living quarters for the chefs. Talk about dedication and commitment! 
- Its BYOB!! Tip: Bring two bottles of wine, you'll thank me after 2.5 hours. 
Places like Marigold Kitchen stay small to be customer service focused, while continuing to uphold their high quality of food. Maybe its the small portions or just the ridiculous delicious food, but dining here really made me savor every bite and appreciate all the details and work the chefs make for each plate.
Don't go for dining days. Make a reservation for your special occasion and bring your favorite wine, you won't regret it!Had the tasting menu, got the cheapest one, still plenty of food, great deal.  This place is great, innovative dishes, and compared to the low standards and high prices typical of University City, truly great.Just had a great meal at Marigold Kitchen BYOB.
I had a good experience before but now that there's this new chef and she focusing on "southern" cooking, I was curious to see what all the buzz was about.
One may thing southern influence would be heavy and rich, this menu seemed light and fresh.  The chef puts her southern accent onto the dishes rather than only supply authentic heavy southern food.  
So, with my friends, we shared everything to enjoy it all as much as possible.  
The appetizers were great: 
Byrd Mill Stone-Ground Grits and Shrimp= great shrimp and the creamiest grits my one friend had ever had.  I don't eat grits but these were great.
also had: Vidalia Onion Soup with Grape Tomatoes and Scallion and WOW.  This was incredible.  The creaminess made it perfect as soup experiences go.  When we commented on it, the server explained the chef's forte was soup and that was easy to believe.
As for 2nd courses:
-Halibut with Beluga Lentils, Poached Grape Tomatoes and Creamed Ramps =this was light, flaky and my friend compared it to great Chilean sea bass.
-Beef Hanger Steak with Creamer Potatoes and Fiddlehead Ferns = this was super tender and with a wonderful flavor.  Even the carrots were tasty.
-Chive Gnocchi with Spinach, Red Bell Peppers and Shiitake Mushrooms = these are great.  They're light, creamy and potato/chive flavor is super.  I'm getting hungry just typing this.
The cheese plate was also a treat that included unexpected pairings that seemed like culinary ecstasy.  White choc, dried apricots and sliced dates all set off each of the cheeses.  We felt guilty eating all this, but not enough to completely skip dessert.  
We ended with great La Colombe coffee and ordered the Orange Blossom Cake with Coconut, Boiled White Icing and Honey Ice Cream.
This was light and richly sweet and definitely made us think southern sweets.  The accompanying honey ice cream was enough in of itself.
However, when we asked questions and showed curiosity concerning the sour cream ice cream that came with the tart, the server was generous enough to bring a small dish of that too for us to try.  
This meal was really flawless.  Service was great and the atmosphere pleasant and relaxing.  
I'd have to recommend pretty much anything Steven Cook is connected to, that guy is gold.In late 2013 I returned to Marigold Kitchen with fond memories of my first visit, but ended up highly disappointed. While before it felt like a warm, cozy home with casual service and unique food... it is no longer any of those things. Its pretentiousness has gone off the charts.
In 2011, the food was billed as several courses (maybe 4?), while amuse bouche treats came as out as lovely bite-sized surprises throughout the meal. In 2013, its now a "14 course meal" composed entirely of bite-sized "courses". 
The service TOTALLY killed the experience. 14 courses meant that servers were at our table constantly. Every few minutes, a server came to ceremoniously set our place for the next course, then the food came out with a flourish and long-winded explanation and instructions we had to follow when eating it. The tables were so close together that even when we weren't getting the full Marigold Technical Guide to Eating lecture, our conversation was interrupted by the neighboring table's lesson. It might be great for an awkward first date, but my husband and I actually wanted to hold a conversation with each other without constant interruptions. 
Also awful: allergies. When I made the reservation, I let them know my husband has a few food allergies. Both the hostess and server made a point of mentioning it and listing them (a little awkward for my husband to feel singled out, but thoughtful I guess). Then when the plates came out.... there were the foods he was allergic to. I guess because much of it is "deconstructed", they expected him to eat around it, as to not disturb the presentation? But it was highly annoying because nowhere in the 5-minute presentation for each plate did they point out the (known!) allergens or apologize for not modifying their plating. Luckily we spotted them all and he was able to avoid them. What was the point of confirming with us, if you're just going to ignore it? 
While the food was still tasty, I kept thinking that the taste itself was exactly the same as any other highly-rated restaurant in Philly. The only difference was the molecular gastronomy treatment. Full marks for the roasted corn ravioli, though - that was top notch.
It was awkward when the chef came out to greet the tables at the end of the night. I wanted to give my honest opinion, but it was clear from his air that he was just doing a victory lap, so I kept my opinion for Yelp.
I give the hostess points for being super friendly and accommodating - I called that we wouldn't make it due to a broken down car, and they graciously made room for us to come later in the evening. She was nothing but lovely.
Final shock: THE BILL! While we knew it was a set menu (for which they gave us a printed "keepsake" copy at the end of the night), never was the price of the meal discussed. It was $85 each, which I thought was absurd given that last time I checked, it was much cheaper and the amuse bouche treats were "complementary". 
Final strangeness - the final course was given to us as a to-go bag. Why bother listing it as a course, when you're treating it like a mint you grab at the hostess stand on the way out?A wonderful experience from start to finish!   I loved the creativity of the chef.  You get to taste many different bites---most were a joy to the palate. A demitasse of white bean soup was a delicious tease.  Service was attentive and you met the entire waitstaff as they brought the small bites.  It was nice to feel relaxed and not rushed during the meal.The best meal I've had in Philly. Hands down.
Even at $65 a person for the 4 course tasting menu, it's a steal (and I can tend to be a penny pincher).  Plus it's BYO. 
The meal is long, but very well paced, so that you don't even notice that you have been eating for three hours straight.  All the amuse bouche (10 I think) that they bring out are fantastic.  
It feels like a lot of food because there is so much variety, but you don't leave feeling ridiculously stuffed.  You'll feel perfectly satisfied and hoping that another special occasion will come up that will prompt a return trip.First off for people who choose to visit this is establishment, THERE IS NO PARKING.  Street parking is extremely limited, so definitely use a taxi as your transportation.  With that out of the way:
If you've got oodles of time and money to spend on what's basically well presented hors d'oeuvres, this might be a good option for you.  If you're looking to actually eat dinner, then this would be a horrible choice.  
The service is excellent, and the kitchen is certainly creative, but the portions are tiny.  And no, you can't just drop in for an appetizer or dessert, the _minimum_ you can spend here is $65 for a four course meal.
Last but not least, the atmosphere is not what you'd expect for a high-end restaurant.  Simple bare walls, a semi-functioning gas fireplace, and a 20 year old bathroom don't really add much in the way of elegance.Service was eh for "fine dining" i expected the server to at least smile or pretend a little bit that they wanted to be there.
Food was delicious but extremely small portions.Marigold kitchen is the perfect example of super fancy food that I would NEVER even attempt at home (frozen salad...?!) in the most cozy, classy, and unpretentious setting.  
My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary last friday - what a treat! The staff was very friendly and genuine. I was a little unsure after seeing the size of some of the portions if we would indeed make a meal out of this or would be ordering a late bite from somewhere else - but two and a half hours later, we were both plenty satiated. The non-menu thing is really nice...like really nice. You literally just sit and food comes. No decisions, no compromising, no trying to gauge if you have ordered too much food or not enough (I know I know, first world problems).  
Each dish that came out felt like a little gift surprise. They were all wonderful to try, though I wish that butternut squash bisque could be taken to go. Cinnamon bubbles, are you f*@#ing kidding me?! Who makes those, the little cinnamon fairy? Jeez..that soup. We stuck with the fish themed plates since I am only eating sea creatures these days, but even my super carnivore man felt plenty satisfied. He did get to have lamb for his "entree", which I thought was really awesome of MK .  The other thing I wish I knew how to replicate was the chocolate mousse thing..I think it was the 1st round of dessert after the cheese plate. Oh. My. God. I mean, I love chocolate and would pretty much eat it in any form, at any time of day..but this little prize was the best chocolate I have ever ingested. It was topped with..stuff..but all I can think about was the chocolate.  
In my wine induced food coma, I left without taking the menu. Much to the amusement of said beau, I called the next day and asked if I could still have one. The staff was nice enough to tell me I could drop by this week and pick one up..so bonus points there too. Not that you should need any more reasons to go here by this point.i've been to marigold kitchen 3 times over the past few years.  i still like it, but it wasn't as enjoyable as the previous two times.  i had the pork belly and fried green tomato salad.  it was good, but a bit salty.  for the entree i had the the rib eye - medium rare.  it was much more on the rare side, but tasty regardless.  my friend's halibut in ham broth with a sunny side up egg also a little on the salty side.  for dessert we shared the cheese plate.  i am not a huge fan of goat cheese, but humboldt fog is definitely an exception to that statement.  there was also a hard sheep's milk cheese paired with white chocolate.  i wouldn't normally put those 2 together, but the worked.  the 3rd cheese was a nice blue cheese.  
i'd recommend it, but i am not sure if it is on my short list of philly byobs.Great BYO that seems to reinvent itself fairly often--but not because it needs to.  Comfortable atmosphere tucked away in a Brownstone in West Philly.  The foie gras appetizer was unbelievable.  I can't imagine coming here and not getting it.  I gradually got sadder after watching it disappear bite by bite on my plate.  The monkfish and paella entres were great too. Dessert was also well executed.  I would hesitate to call this place spectacular or elite, but it is amazingly solid and consistent.  It's a regular in my rotation and doesn't seem to be in danger of falling out anytime soon.So, my supper club formally debuted tonight even though we've all been dining together the past 4 months in various BYOB places. we had a private room upstairs for a party of 8. Ambiance is 3 out of 5 stars, a bit warm even though they had an AC. It was lovely to have a private room especially since my little brother was in rare form - that means, he was loud! Food was a bit spotty. The chef most certainly had the "foam" theme going in most of his food presentation. I ordered the pork tenderloin & chef recommended medium rare, a little pink. It still came out dry. My friend's hanger steak was alright. The monk fish was lukewarm. But, the appetizers were a hit! The escargot, peekytoe crab, bruschetta with sardines were all very tasty to the palette. Dessert was a happy ending to all of us. Will I come back? Not sure.  They have had a high turnover of chefs the last 4 years. They have a new chef this past year. I still recommend it is worthwhile checking out for Restaurant Week.Cute restaurant with VERY excellent service. That said, of the 11 course menu, 5 were purely vegetarian, there was 1 shellfish course, 1 fish courses 1 chicken course, and then 3 dessert courses. Some of the courses were boring and bland (a fried onion. Really?) - some were very creative and delicious. I wish I had been told that this was a vegetarian focused restaurant, as I never would have come. How do you not have a single course with meat? Just not worth the cost - and I have no issue with expensive tasting menus, but this didn't seem worth it to me. Very mediocre and disappointing.It's been a few years since I visited Marigold, but I was skeptical because head chef Erin O'Shea left the restaurant.  Much to my surprise, the new chef was able to take everything O'Shea had done and improve upon it, making a place I liked a lot even better. 
To start, we ordered the cheese plate.  This is one of the true pleasures at Marigold, and the portions are more generous than I remember.  The three featured cheeses were a hard, mild cheddar, a blue cheese covered in vinaigrette, and a cheese that was similar to brie; I believe it was a Camembert.  All of these were really good and diverse, and paired well with the honey and pears served alongside.  A visit here without ordering the cheese plate is incomplete. 
Throughout the evening, we had amouse bouche brought over bunches of times. In fact, there were so many that I can't remember them all. Some were really good, others forgettable.  Some of my favorites included the chestnut filled ravioli, grapefruit soda, shaved parsnips, and all the desserts (best dessert was salted caramel).
For our appetizer we split General Tso's veal sweetbreads, which was a unique Asian fusion dish that was really tender.  The mains were pork tenderloin and scallops with peas, bacon and mushrooms.  The menu here has a lot of options, and I honestly had a hard time picking out my dish.  Nothing disappointed.
The atmosphere here is nice.  It's a converted West Philly house, and the rooms are small and it's a great place to dine.  The servers here were fantastic; the manager checked up on us and we were well taken care of all night.
Bottom Line: This BYOB provides a great dining experience.  I liked it before, and this last visit exceeded my expectations.  It's fantastic food and service, and while it's not the cheapest, it's certainly a great value for a nice dinner.Expertly crafted meals and unique flavor combinations. We did Meredith's birthday dinner here and we were thoroughly impressed. The staff was superior-- seriously, they knew everything about each plate and did an excellent job taking care of us. Fantastic 14 course tasting menu!Very good but not exciting, which, for the price tag, it should be.  The decor is lovely and novel, but the food is stock New American with a little bit of a Southern twist.  None of the meat or seafood is particularly fresh, local, or sustainable--which again, I would expect for these prices. (Also, the bathroom is almost unusably dim.)
I do recommend getting something with the grits in it, and although I haven't been back I'd be open to trying them again sometime, if someone else was footing the bill.Why Marigold Kitchen is not booked solid for months is a complete mystery to me. My first (but definitely not my last) meal here was one of the most memorable and interesting in a city full of fantastic food options. 
Hidden among beautiful huge West Philly Victorians, Marigold is homey and cozy, with creaky wooden floors and hissing radiators. It's the last place you'd expect to be served pretentious garnishes like truffle snow or garlic foam. But the pretension ends right there. The stunning plating is brought out on the IKEA dinnerware I have at home, and service is extremely laid back. 
Courses come out quickly to start, then slow down as the night goes on. Expect to be there for about 2 hours for a total of 13 courses. The courses range from small to tiny, and while in a couple of instances I would have liked an extra bite or two, at the end I left with a full belly so I think it was just right.
Tables are spaced apart so you're not on top of your neighbors,. And of course it's a BYOB so the $90/pp price tag is a bit more manageable.
The menu changes monthly, which begs for repeat visits. I can't wait to go back.I had dinner with a group of eight dining friends last evening and I cannot say enough about how wonderful the food and the experience was for us all. This is a blind tasting menu and all of the dishes were unique and paired flavors together that I never would have thought of pairing. I don't understand some of the previous reviews stating that the portions were too small and that they left hungry. All us of left quite satiated and I think the portion sizes were perfect. And all of us can eat a lot, so that says something! We had our own private room which was wonderful. Our server was attentive but not obtrusive. One in our group does not eat red meat and they were very accommodating with the dietary restriction. For $90 it really is one of the best values and dining experiences in Philadelphia. If you are looking for a very cool evening out where you can taste creative dishes without the pretension of a snobby restaurant, go here.I finally had the opportunity to try out Robert Halpern's cooking and the positive buzz about the new Marigold Kitchen was fully confirmed by the array of beautifully cooked dishes I sampled.  
The vibrant beet risotto pleased by its intense "beetness" as well as the prefect risotto consistency (something few restaurants here achieve).  The mixed green salad was well composed and the pieces of lush, ripe persimmon gave it a unique flavor combination.  We liked the Champagne braised escargots on crispy polenta, a very generous dish that brought a good number of rich mollusks to be shared around the table.  Of the entrees, the "Colorado" rack of lamb brought four succulent, glorious lamb chops, the "New World Paella" featured was studded with cockles, scallops and langoustine, its seafood accent balanced by pieces of chorizo.  Of the desserts, the Tahitian vanilla burnt cream was an excellent version of the ubiquitous crème brûlée:  a thin, crackling caramel crust covered an intensely rich cream, livened by chili pepper.  The profiteroles with a seasonal ice cream of pumpkin were good, the apple tart serviceable.  The seasonality of the desserts was, unfortunately, marred by the chef's insistence to garnish almost all of them with strawberries - certainly a great accompaniment in early summer when local fruit is available, less so when flown in from the southern hemisphere.
The tasting menu looked intriguing and I have no doubt that it would provide a fuller appreciation of Halpern's considerable talent.  At $85, it does not strike me as an easy ad-hoc decision for diners.  It would be nice to have the option of ordering a less expensive (and extensive) tasting menu, let's say for $65.  Given the quality and originality of the food, I am sure many patrons would come back for the larger menu.
The service was friendly and accommodating but a good distance away from the professionalism of the kitchen.  "Who ordered the snails?" and "you guys" as a form of address are two things that could easily be improved on.  The restaurant had a very nice vibe later on in the evening, when many tables were filled with smartly dressed diners of various ages and nationalities.  The new Marigold Kitchen is highly recommendable.Over the last 2 or 3 years I've been to Marigold about 8 times. Generally, when I have friends visiting town, this is where I take them. I won't comment on particular dishes because the menu changes with the season so over a period of two+ years I've tried different items (and I very very much keep hoping that they will bring back squab).
Of the many times I've been here I've only had 1dinner that was just so so. Every other time the dinner was amazing. Every guest I've brought has had a wonderful time and a 'unique experience'. With so many things to try not every 'dish' will be outstanding, but every dish is worth a try. And most dishes are in fact outstanding. It's clear that a lot of thought goes into creating each dish.
This is place is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Philly and this place truly deserves the high rating they recently received. 
(look at the other places I've given 5 stars and you'll see I set a high standard for 5 stars)Intro: 
Tucked away the heart of West Philly is an new-American boutique offering a varied tasting menu that gives some NYC establishments a run for their money, especially since it's a BYO.
The Basics:
1. There is 4-5-6 course options for a decent price. This is a bit misleading since there are plenty of amuse bouche coming out the kitchen in between these main courses. 
2. Speaking of the amuse bouche, they were well prepared and varied. Many of them packing a lot of flavor in each bite. But they lacked cohesiveness and a transition that I would like to see in a meal with this many courses. Some items did not follow the previous one well, which made for a slightly jarring experience on the palate. 
3. This is a BYO! Do look at the menu and pair accordingly. This part really makes the restaurant shine, since you will save yourself a pretty penny.
Conclusion: 
It's a hidden gem you need to discover. Menus are always changing and it provides a lovely time for a date or a small group.Went recently for Dining Days menu. It was brutally hot outside so we were looking forward to drinking a cool glass of white wine with dinner. Unfortunately, the dining room was uncomfortably warm and they had run out of wine chillers. After complaining about the temp we were moved upstairs to a table right in front of the A/C unit which was great. The food: I had the escargot which came with a polenta cake that was way too salty. I spent most of the meal trying to get the salt taste out of my mouth.  For the entree I had the hanger steak. The steak was cooked perfectly but the dish came with no carb. Just wilted greens and a fried oyster. I also think it was supposed to have a raisin puree which was absent. Had the chocolate torte for dessert which was ok but nothing spectacular.  My partner had the salad to start and it was beyond bland.  Her pork entree was cooked to perfection but based on the description we thought the beans would have a more prominent role than a tiny bit of puree on the plate.  Also, the brussel sprouts had no flavor or texture.  I've had much better experiences at several other BYOB's around town that are at a similar price point.My hubby and I went here for our 1 year anniversary and this place did not disappoint!  We had the 15 course tasting menu and they did an excellent job all around.  Service was excellent, the food was awesome, and you can't beat the price.  I wish a couple courses would have been a little more protein heavy and some of the courses a little larger but everything was very flavorful.  This is my second favorite restaurant in the city if I want to go out for a 10-15 course dinner.  I would recommend it!Tucked away amongst the beautiful old victorian rowhomes of W. Philly is this great spot that I've been going to for more than 5 years. It's one of my favorite BYO's to go to because it's nicely appointed without going overboard. The waitstaff has always been well educated about the food, and service has been great. The food varies from being just above average to absolutely stellar, depending on the visit, but it's always made me want to go back. Great place to show someone when you want to look like you know more about this town than the rest.What a charming little restaurant tucked in a West Philadelphia row home street.
I could go on about the delightful surprise every course was and how wonderful every bite was, and how great the service was, but you can read that in almost any other review.
I would like to bring attention to why my review has to unfortunately be 3 stars. I took my man here for his birthday dinner. I called twice prior to the reservation date. Once to ask for a special birthday dessert to be brought out to him, and another time to confirm that I *did not* have to mention anything when we came in, and that the hostess would see the note in our reservation and know to inform our server that we needed a birthday dessert.
Low and behold, at the end of our meal, I was given the check, and no acknowledgement of his birthday, and no birthday dessert. Really disappointed, especially for the money that I paid, and the reputation this restaurant holds. I really like this place and I'm sad I can't come back for a special occasion because now I know there's a possibility they won't be able to fulfill my seemingly simple requests.
It also didn't help that upon our arrival, we stood at the host stand (no host to be found) for about 5-10 minutes. I had built this place up to him so much, and the beginning and ending to our experience was a pretty big disappointment. I looked silly for how much I had talked this place up.I was in town for a work trip and I dragged my really good friend who lives in Philly to try marigold kitchen out. 
Let me tell you: This was a great dining experience.  It's perfect for a date or for a group of foodies.  
The cool part is 1) its located in University and tucked in a residential area.  You walk into a house like restaurant. 
2) The menu is always changing so go there with an open mind and enjoy the experience. 
3) Gastronomical presentation/food (my absolute fav) 
4) its a tasting menu so don't expect to think you are going in about to order something.
Because I'm from LA where the culinary is impeccable with new innovative ways of eating and making food, this place is up there.  Probably one of the few good restaurants out there in Philly.
Go and enjoy .....Fantastic dinner.  Very well executed dishes.  The price is extremely fair considering the amount of work and prep that goes in to a meal such as this.  Some plates were a bit confusing, but I understand the chefs desire to explore and be creative.  My only complaint is with the atmosphere.  I don't think the décor of the restaurant equals the quality of food coming out of the kitchen.
Bravo Chef, and thanks for showing us the kitchen.  Being a private chef myself, I was exhausted just thinking about the amount of work that goes into your dinner service.
Looking forward to visiting again....that is unless you are on a bigger stage somewhere else!
If you love food, make a reservation - you will not be disappointed.Once-Respected Philadelphia Restaurant takes a Complete 180 with Movie-Themed Dinner
 Over the past several years the Marigold Kitchen, set in the quiet neighborhood of Spruce Hill, has been steadily climbing the ranks of Philadelphia's top restaurants. Serving a varied blend of New American cuisine, with a dash of molecular gastronomy, the restaurant has achieved considerable praise from the Philadelphia public and press alike. Therefore, it came highly recommended by our foodie friends, who had eaten there a few months before and were highly impressed with the warm, comforting decor and the seasonally-themed 14-course tasting menu. This is the dinner my wife and I were expecting...
 While it is not entirely unheard of for restaurants to devote their entire concept to a singular theme, even just a single movie, I cannot understand why the owners would dedicate their entire restaurant to a mildly successful summer blockbuster from a few years ago. As my wife and I entered the dimly lit foyer, we were greeted by sounds of sirens and cacophonous gunfire playing loudly over the speakers. It was very dark and we could not see inside the restaurant. Then a loud voice came on over the speakers and announced: "Welcome to Pacific Rim: The Dinner." This was especially confusing for my wife and I, as we had never seen Pacific Rim. A few minutes later our host appeared; a tall man in a red duster, with gold plated loafers and what appeared to be welding goggles. He sounded a little like that actor from Sons of Anarchy, but I'm not sure. Before we could tell him our names he yelled at us: "Don't you know there's a kaiju coming? Come on, we need to get to my kaiju bunker!"
 He led us into the main dining room, which was decorated with poorly made paper mache buildings and miniature cars. We were led to our table in the second room, apparently supposed to look like some kind of metal bunker. It was very cold and when we asked our host if he could turn up the heat a bit, he ignored us and left. Several minutes later we were greeted by our server, a young man in a military vest speaking in a noticeably fake Australian accent, who introduced himself as Hercules Hanson. Rather than asking us for our water preference or opening our wine, he sort of sneered to us and said: "It was hard enough fighting the kaiju before. Now we have to do it while eating dinner!?" Then he leaned in very close to us and said: "We're going to need your help."
 Before I could ask him what was going on he left and I suppose our dinner started. The food, which seemed to come out completely randomly, wasn't all that bad but there were a few issues. My Stackhouse Pentecost burger was a bit overcooked, while my wife's Kaiju Second Brain Sweetbreads could have used a bit more seasoning. At one point I asked our waiter for some ketchup, and he returned with a small cup full of what he said was some kind of bone powder, which turned out to be just ground black pepper. When I tried to complain about this to my host he yelled at me, telling me that it was one of the rarest substances known to man, which is not true. Later, when I asked my waiter where the bathroom was, he scowled at me and said, "That's classified information." Also several times during the meal a loud red light would flash and my wife and I were forced by the wait staff to run to the dining room, where we handed water guns and made to shoot card board monsters that would pop up from the floor. It was very strange. My wife was very upset. 
 Finally when we finished, we were approached by a large intimidating British man who asked us to follow him for our dessert. He led us upstairs to some kind of computer room and directed us to the middle of the room, where we saw two empty rubber robot costumes. When I asked him what we were doing, he replied. "We're cancelling the apocalypse!" At this point my wife and I asked for the check and left. I'm just very disappointed by our dinner experience, and confused as to why management would decide to take an expanding restaurant in this direction. My wife and I will probably not be returning, and we still have no plans to watch Pacific Rim.If you are reading this, stop go make your reservation and then come back to get even more excited. 
Well, now that your reservation is made... I can honestly say that of the restaurants I've been to in philly, marigold kitchen is in my top 3. The ten course meal was made to perfection. Each and every bite was outstanding. I have not a single complaint. 
Not only is this place a bargain for the quality, at $90 per person, it's BYOB which makes that price even better because it's simply face value. The meals are so beautifully thought out and so pleasing both visually and with its taste. 
A perfect night for a date, celebration, or just a lovely way to relax.
You'll love every bite.We visited "Test Kitchen Tuesday" and had a fabulous time at Marigold's Kitchen!   The venue is charming and the food is spectacular! Squash Blossoms were AMAZING! The restaurant was in an old home and small but 
there was some space between the tables so you were only dining with your party and not the strangers at the next table. (A pet peeve of mine!) Service was exceptional and the staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the food.
Chef stopped in to visit with us too.  It was fun to not know what would be coming out of the kitchen as each course arrived. One person in our party had a food allergy and this was no issue at all with the kitchen. With this event there were 6 courses and my only complaint (if i had one) would be that one course (maybe the fabulous short ribs) could have been a little bigger as the main dish.
A fun night - will surely return for another delicious experience!Well that was a fantastic surprise!  How have I never been to Marigold Kitchen before?
You will order something called a "four course tasting menu."  This is a lie.  You will instead be served many, many more than four dishes, many of which will be in the form of single-bite amuse bouche spoonfuls.  
We ordered our meals, and then the following dishes which we did *not* order arrived:
Truffled nigrogen popcorn, which made puffs of smoke billow from our mouths and was tons of fun to eat.  This was the only one of the amuses that wasn't a single bite.
A tiny, adorable foie gras sandwich with tiny sweet cookies on either side.
A spoonful of caprese salad ice cream, dippin-dots-style.
A butternut squash soup with cinnamon foam.
A single-bite gooey liquid aged cheddar in an envelope of homemade cracker.
A good-sized sweet corn ravioli with chocolate dust.
That's six dishes.  And then the four course menu begins.
We had a trio of oysters.  One was raw with hot sauce foam.  Another was baked with bacon and leeks.  The third was fried with creme fraiche and celery root.  All were delicious.
We tried the beef tartare, with a variety of tiny side-items to eat with it (cube of vinegar, potato puree, blue cheese ice cream).  We had amazing fried sweetbread nuggets.  We had a mushroom and foie gras tamale with a cojita cheese ice cream (which I would like on everything from now on, please) and a ball of fried liquid cheese (which I would like under my cojita cheese ice cream).  
The scallops were great, with a big scallop "chip" on the side.  The filet mignon with foie gras was absolutely unreal, melting like butter in your mouth.  Wow.  The only entree with a problem was the duck, which was tough and fatty.  Everything else was perfect.
And then more surprises!  A glass of lemon curd with rasberry sorbet.  A cube of chocolate with liquid graham cracker in the center.  
And then out came dessert, which was ok, but I was glad I got the cheese plate, which was terrific.
Our waiter was great, the room was adorable, and the meal was just *fun!*  The meal was excellent *and* a memorable experience, which is more than most restaurants can say.  And it's BYOB!  And it's affordable!  The only downside is it's not in Center City, but I will happily cross the river for this meal again, hopefully soon!Delicious place. Wonderful salmon during dining days that was so supple and juicy without being overbearing in flavor. The salmon stood out from the crowd of vegetables which was cut so cute and tasted so delicious and fresh! The gazpacho I had was good but I'm actually not a huge fan of tomato so I was a bit disappointed by that. The torte was also decadently chocolate which just made my tongue and stomach sing simultaneously!! If this place wasn't so expensive, I would certainly come back for more! The service was nice and the fact that this place is in a house just makes it that much more cozier. It's almost as if you are arriving at someone's house for dinner. It's awesome! Highly recommend for future visits in West Philly!Fabulous food, service, and atmosphere. They serve a series of amuse-bouche between each course, so you are never without something delicious to nibble on. Our waitress made us feel completely at home, and explained each fascinating dish after another. The ambience was so magical that I decided to propose to my girlfriend during dinner instead of waiting until later in the evening as originally planned. If you're a foodie, you will love this place.I have lived two blocks from Marigold Kitchen for some time and always managed to walk past it without realizing what a neighborhood gem it is! A restaurant of this quality is a bit out of place in bohemian West Philly, but the hole-in-the-wall feel adds to its charm. Marigold Kitchen is ideal for foodies interested in a leisurely dining experience in an intimate atmosphere with knowledgeable wait staff.
I went for a birthday dinner with my girlfriend. We went in open-minded and brought a nice bottle of wine. At first glance the menu was a bit sparse, but by the time we were finished the consensus was that it really didn't matter what you ordered, it was impossible to anticipate the experience the chef had in store for you. This element of surprise kept the entire dining experience fun and fascinating and we both left thoroughly impressed. I recommend the fried pork belly appetizer and the Colorodo lamb entrée for meat lovers. The chocolate dessert was also quite tasty.we called two days in advance to let the kitchen know to expect a vegan. considering that, i was pretty disappointed. my starter--a salad--was fresh and hinted/teased at something more interesting, but overall was flavor-compromised. the main was a sort of vegetable 'sampler' -- four piles of food bits: carolina rice with minuscule cubes of beets, soggy/limp sauteed yellow pepper and leek, green peas and potato chunks, and a delicious eggplant and tomato pulse topped by overcooked fragments of two asparagus. i mean, come on. vegans eat more than just vegetable chunks and bits. this was the best they could come up with? i actually had to ask for another roll because i knew this sampler wasn't going to do the job of satisfying my hunger. the dessert was by far the best dish: a watermelon and strawberry soup, enhanced with some kind of herb whose identity i am uncertain. oh, and the food was very SALTY. and i like salt! but way too salty. even the warm rolls seemed to be encrusted with some kind of salt coating. overall, a quite mediocre experience. yes, i understand they don't bill themselves as a vegetarian or vegan restaurant, but i expect that any decent kitchen, when given advanced notice, should be able to whip up something delicious and creative for their herbivore clientele.I have been to this restaurant about 4 times.  3 out of my 4 visits were good, but I had one very bad experience during my last visit that knocked down my rating from a 4 to a 3.  Last April, I ordered a salmon dish with sauteed leeks.  The dish was beautifully presented, but as soon as I put my fork into the salmon fillet I saw that the center was completely raw and still frozen.  Naturally, I returned the dish and asked for a new one.  What I got was my old piece of salmon, cooked, put back together (missing the quiet large chunk I had cut), and covered with a butter sauce to hide the fraud.  Needless to say I wasn't pleased.  When I asked to have my dish comped they refused.  I don't believe I will ever come back to this restaurant.I had read about Marigold many, many times before, and finally decided to try it for our fifth anniversary. I wanted something unique to surprise my husband, and Marigold did not disappoint. From the second we walked in, you could tell that service was a key focus for this establishment. They recalled the specifics of my peanut allergy , as well as the fact that it was our anniversary, details I had provided when making our reservation.
I can not even put into words how amazing the food was. This is a meal I will never forget. Each course was impeccable, and so incredibly creative. Standards like pork and beans and eggs benedict took on a new, reimagined, and delicious light. To top it off, the staff did everything they could to facilitate an amazing experience. There is absolutely no doubt that I will be recommending Marigold in the future.
Thank you for making our fifth wedding anniversary so memorable!My first visit to Marihold kitchen was closer to a 3.5. But the staff was awesome which got them to a 4 star rating.
I am a Big Sister with BBBS and this was a SUPER BIG night for my Little. She just finished her freshman year of college with excellent grades and we hadn't seen each other in a year, so we picked a really special restaurant for the night. She was do look excited about the 13 course tasting menu... So imagine our disappointment when the day  before our reservation they called to say they would only be offering a 5-6 course test menu the night we were coming. The 9nly way to get a full menu was to come on Friday or Saturday (which had been booked solid the previous week). Details like this should probably be noted in the reservation process.
Once we arrived, the ambiance was great. The restaurant is in an old house with strange acoustics so it will suddenly get oddly loud at random moments. 
The food was good overall. Because it was a test menu, some courses were more successful than others. Oddly, they didn't ask for feedback, so I'm not sure how they are determining ing the successfulness of the menu.
If you don't bring you own beverages, they have a wonderful selection of teas they will brew for you. And they describe each dish in excellent detail as it comes out. They pay close attention to pacing and make sure to take the time to engage guests, on a personal level. 
I will an back, but definitely on a night when the full menu is available.We went to Marigold for Mother's Day brunch and were pleasantly surprised by the great mix of relaxed ambiance, amazing food and stellar service. The food was remarkable, unique and very reasonably priced. Now i'm just anxious to try their dinner menu!The food was interesting.  Like liquid nitrogen popcorn.  Sorry just a little too weird for my taste.Top 5 restaurant in Philly. Maybe the best for the price. The short story is excellent creative food with great service in a charming row home in U city. There were so many highlights it's hard to start, but we enjoyed every dishes from lobster bisque to Colorado lamb to corn ravioli.
Here's a tip. Bring an expensive bottle of wine or two and walk out with what you'd expect from Vetri at half the price. Bring cheaper wine and you've spent almost the same amount as a Starr restaurant but had a much better meal and a culinary adventure.Best dinning experience ever! The summer menu is well designed and ingredients are so fresh and favorable! Backyard chicken is a bum, so was everything else. Even ingredients as egg and potato, they made it super delicious. Such an enjoyment to eat there. Look forward to the fall menu.This is a gem in west philly so shhh. Not inexpensive but oh, it's well worth it. The food is always delicious and interesting. We've walked in when it was just for two and managed to get a table but more than that, you want to make a reservation. It's BYOB. I haven't had anything there I didn't like. I just read Jen C's review that Erin O'Shea is leaving. I hope that means she moving on to brighter things but that Marigold will remain. I've been there when it was owned/operated by previous owners and I prefer this current incarnation.I visited Marigold about two years ago, and this is a dining experience I still reminisce back to frequently. My friend had made a reservation to Marigold, but his date backed out and he asked me to come along instead. Okay, that's cool, I looked at the Yelp reviews, American sounded good to me, why not?
I literally had NO idea this place specialized in molecular gastronomy and looking through the reviews at the time, I wouldn't have guessed. Wow was I surprised. I remember this experience so vividly, even though it was quite awhile ago. When we got to the restaurant, they only had their prix fixed menu. Oops, apparently they only do a la carte for brunch. Fine, I'm here already and knew I needed to spend some money, let's go all out for the full eating experience. We went for the more expensive option and wow, it honestly did not disappoint.
The amazing part about Marigold is that there are so many mini dishes between actual "courses" that you end up trying about 15 different dishes. Our meal started off with liquid nitrogen truffle popcorn. I don't even like truffle, but the experience itself was phenomenal. I could feel the icy cold of the liquid nitrogen when I bit down on the kernels which seriously blew my mind.
Other dishes I recall include butternut squash bisque with cinnamon foam, the  chestnut ravioli (this was really cool, they told us to eat it in one bite so the liquid chestnut filling wouldn't leak out), chocolate foie gras, and beet and bleu cheese dippin' dots. Everything tasted phenomenal. I'm pretty sure I liked the foie gras and bleu cheese dippin' dots too, and I normally hate both those things!
This was honestly the longest I've spent in a restaurant--the entire meal took three hours! It cost probably around $130 with tip, but it was such a great experience and I'm glad I decided to go all out with the meal. I honestly don't think I'll go back due to the price, but Marigold is a place I would recommend everyone to try once, just for the experience and the delicious food. Definitely a hidden gem in West Philly.Unfortunately, my experience at this restaurant was not worth the money. I've had much better meals that were $40 a person. 
The atmosphere was beautiful, our waitress was lovely, it was fantastic to have 11 courses, and three of our plates were delicious. One was a potato gnocchi appetizer with a madeira sauce. Another was a dish featuring squab. The most memorable dish was an ice cream dessert served in a push pop, with alternating layers of balsamic- and parmesan-flavored cheese ice cream. It was rich, unexpectedly delicious, and very creative. Additionally, it's worth noting that the waitress asked beforehand if we had any dietary preferences and was very accommodating when my companion shared that she didn't enjoy mushrooms.
And yet the rest of the dishes were simply mediocre! Many of the vegetables were undercooked and other dishes were lukewarm when it seemed they should have been served warm or hot. There was a particularly unpleasant dish that was served with a lime-flavored foam, undercooked carrots, and "vegetable ash" a.k.a. charcoal. It was exceedingly odd (and pretentious!)
While the experience of going to Marigold was overall very pleasant, I wouldn't recommend it. If I'm going to pay $90 for a meal, it should be incredible!Came back to Marigold for a second time to share the experience with friends and everyone had an excellent time. We had been talking about making plans to go just before the now infamous 50 Best list came out, which made it somewhat more difficult to acquire a reservation. Despite the influx of clientele the service and food were both still incredible. Officially now my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia -- I can't wait for our next visit!I think this pace is one of Philly's best kept secrets. It's tucked away in a neighborhood of older homes in western Philly. From the outside you'd barely know you are going to a restaurant. The home itself is on the historic register. We're talking street parking here but my wife and I have generally found it not to be a problem. Also, even though the home is over 100 years old they have the air conditioning under control. Yesterday was crazy hot but the dining rooms were just fine. 
So what about the food? Marigold Kitchen has been a fine dining restaurant for over 40 years. It's changed chefs several times so tip #1 is to check the menu on the website. We've visited through three chefs and the food has always been wonderful! It's a matter of taste. Have you ever watched a major cooking show on TV? Iron Chef etc. You always see interesting plates with interesting ingredients. That's what you can expect with the current chef. By the way, he's into bubbles! Prepare to be surprised. Keep in mind that they are BYOB. 
This is a great place to impress a date. Also if you are entertaining out-of-town visitors, I guarantee you they will be talking about their experience back home with their friends!i love the oysters, steak, duck, and all the small dishes they give us.Went here with my boyfriend when they first reopened in the fall. The setting is much different than anywhere I had been out to eat before-in an old Victorian style house tucked in a residential neighborhood in University City. We had arranged for the 12 meal course, and had no idea what we would be eating until it was presented to us. Looking at the portions, I didn't think I'd be full by the end of the meal...but both of us were completely satiated! 
Although I am not a seafood eater, I still wanted to try everything. The textures and different flavor combinations were unbelievable! There was a good spread of different types of foods, and it gives you the ability to try a little bit of everything. If you're a person that always wants to try new things, you MUST come here. 
However, I must say, I was not impressed with the dessert. We were served some sort of popcorn ball that lacked the creativity and flavor that we experienced with all the prior courses. 
All in all, it was a great experience, and highly recommended. Also, it's BYOB so don't forget to bring a bottle of your own!This restaurant has potential, and there are some positive qualities - abundant street parking, a warm setting in a converted home.  However, it seems to put itself in the category of "experience dining," and for this reason it falls seriously short.
My main complaint is the service, which was very off-putting.  Our main server was a pleasant young man, but I honestly wondered if he was stoned...he told us early on that he's normally "quite eloquent," but he couldn't seem to put it together that day.  He was later joined by two other servers, including a young woman with a loud, brassy voice who would come in and bawl, "Who had the halibut?" as if she were slinging hash at a diner.
Each time the servers would come in, they would ask who had each dish and pass them out accordingly.  This seemed sloppy to me...granted, there were 12 of us, but don't waiters usually have a system for which diner gets which item?   
And worst of all, our main server offered the wrong dish to one of us - and then actually challenged our friend, claiming that he must have forgotten what he ordered for that course!  
A brief note regarding the food - some of it was delicious, but I do think they try a little too hard to be creative.  For example, pouring liquid nitrogen over a plate of strawberry desserts was a bit much...and I really can't see why you'd put a chicken foot on anyone's dish except to see what people will do to look like foodies.
I would have given 2.5 if I could - not quite meh negative, but not really A-OK.  I erred on the positive side because most of our group raved about the food.New chef-owner and I must say this was a delightful, delicious, innovative meal from appetizer to dessert!  Every part of this meal included a surprising, tasty twist.  Service was top-notch and the food was really exciting and included different plays on excellent, quality ingredients.  Looking forward to going back soon!I've been to Marigold many times and all in all it can be a good experience. It would be nice if the guy who waits would show a modicum of professionalism. He's been there  a while and the problem is consistent. In fact I've had a few "bad service" experiences there. Which is kind of sad since basic decent service isn't that hard. Last time was the refusal to turn the music down (because she didn't want us to hear the cooks swearing in the kitchen--I kid you not!). This time it was the guy who has a tendency to slam plates down, explain things while he's already half left the table, and generally doesn't appear to care much about his customers or the place where he works. 
So for the food which is what counts most. It can be creative and the dabbling with molecular cooking is fun, but the kitchen gets caught up in patterns that aren't always very successful. So apparently this month has been chocolate...and sweetness. 3/4 of the amuse bouche were sweet. Unless you have some serious sour going on I'm just not that into sugar. And if you have one dish with chocolate on or in it (not talking about deserts here) then you should not be putting it on anything else. It gets redundant very quickly. 
The pumkin cappuccino was horribly sweet and just didn't belong as a warm up for dinner. The foie gras "sandwich" was too sweet. Loved the pastrami fish. Get rid of the stupid oyster cracker with cheese in it. You've had it on the menu for months, or is it years, and it;s never been that good. And now it's old.
The beef cheeks were excellent, the oysters were poorly executed (overcooked and cold), the duck which I have had before in other version needs to be sliced, not presented as chunks of magret. There is a reason why restaurants traditionally slice it thin. It is impossible to do with a table knife and duck is tough when cut too thickly. Oh, and overcooking adds to the problem. 
Didn't have any desert. Cheeses are ok but uninspired and don't merit the $5 extra charge. 
So as this place has always been, it's hit or miss. The hits are fun and inspired. The misses shouldn't be there: the kitchen should simply know better but apparently doesn't. Oh well.I had a phenomenal experience at Marigold Kitchen.  We were presented with 8 amuse bouches, all of which were great.  The blue crab "mac and cheese" appetizer was decadently delicious.  I had the salmon entree, which was not exactly my cup of tea (mostly preference, not preparation related), but my overall dining experience still earns Marigold 5 stars, and I look forward to dining there again.We just got back to our hotel room from eating at Marigold and it was absolutely amazing. From the 10 amuse-bouche that the chef sent out to us, to the palate cleansing sorbet, to the 5 course tasting menu...everything was off the hook.
Our server knew everything about every course, offered suggestions, and kept the right amount of distance and attentiveness in perfect balance. 
Between my wife and I we basically tasted just about everything on the menu and Chef Halpern is a culinary master. 
Thank you for making this one of our best culinary experiences ever.I hate doing this but went there for a second visit to celebrate a birthday of guests who were in town. Based on our last experience, we were very excited to take them there. I'm not sure if I should start at the 14 courses that took 4.5 hours. These are tiny bit sized courses which I'm totally happy with, but if it takes this long, we get a bite like every 15 minutes. The check took 45 minutes to get to us once we finished the meal. I mentioned while making the reservation that we were celebrating a birthday. No one bothered with even one candle. Seriously?! The food was average to above average, but the speed of the food needs serious work - completely takes away from the food. I've been to restaurants like volver and vetri and eaten multiple courses all served in reasonable time. Also, the service is here is also very average. And we weren't offered any coffee at the end of the meal - which in my opinion is an absolute must for any restaurant that appreciates fine dining.It's been a while since I've been out to a nicer restaurant. That' why it was such a treat last night to go to the Marigold Kitchen, especially with my friends Jonny and Amie. Marigold is a converted West Philly house that has been opened up into a nice dining room. The decor is simple and very attractive. Even the bathroom has charm. (Check it out before you leave). 
We were sat quickly and looked over the menu. The service was good throughout the night. The menu has about a half dozen choices for each course: appetizers, dinner, and dessert. There were good options in each of the sections; repeat customers will not get bored.
We started with a cheese plate, three different cheeses which were each paired with accompaniments. We had a goat cheese, sheep cheese, and one other which was paired with white chocolate. 
I usually don't go crazy over food presentation, but when it's a nicer restaurant I kind of expect it. Our food was brought out and looked delicious and clean. The portions appeared to be small, but in hindsight they were prefect. Also, the plates were huge and seemed to dwarf the food a bit. I didn't get a picture of the main dish, which is unfortunate. Amie and I ordered the same thing, Salmon over leeks with butter sausage sauce and fingerling potatoes. Each bite of my meal was a treat. Jonny ordered the halibut with fava beans and a sunny side egg. He enjoyed it, but concluded the salmon was better. 
Nothing on the dessert menu was jumping out at me, so we decided to call it a night. 
Bottom Line: This is excellent food. Further, it's a BYOB, and the prices are very reasonable. Tab was just under $100 for three, not including the beer we brought. Phenomenal experience and food for the price; this place is simply stellar. Lastly, Erin O'Shea is the head chef and will be moving on to work on Percy Street Barbecue, which could easily become the best BBQ in the city seconds after opening. It looks like she'll be leaving in a few weeks. If you're planning on stopping by, do so ASAP.The restaurant only offers tasting menus and we chose the four course $65 option.
Service-
Fine but nothing special.
Food-
I had the hamachi - nice presentation and flavorful broth but I don't like room temperature fish & broth. My steak was good - seasoned and cooked well, but it wasn't like.. OMG this is amazing. 
Amuse bouche:
Although I enjoyed being offered various amuse bouches (i think we had more than 10), some of the amuse bouches just felt like science experiments gone bad. The fois gras cookie, for example, left such a bad taste in my mouth that I had to wash down the taste with an entire glass of water. And I am not entirely sure the progression of the flavors made sense. 
It's always exciting trying new dishes and flavors, (not to mention I totally had fun snapping pics of all the different dishes) but I've had better tasting menus at this price range. The experience was also a bit disappointing because Marigold was listed as #2 on Philadelphia's top 50 restaurant list and I expected to be WOWed. Overall, I didn't feel like the meal justified the price, and since none of the dishes really stood out to me, I don't think I'll be returning.Overall, tasty food and a great value for a tasting menu. Service was casual but good, although the courses felt slightly rushed at times. Zucchini salad, cauliflower soup, and salmon dishes were real standouts! Definitely worth a visit if you enjoy tastings. Setting is pretty quaint, too. :-)A charming little spot in Philadelphia.  The kitchen is open so you can actually watch as your meal is being prepared and the cooks are quick, efficient and pleasant.  The staff is also friendly.  The food is great.  Marigold Kitchen is amazing!SO PRETENTIOUS!
Sometimes less really is more. When a dish requires a three minute description, it's probably over-complicated. I can appreciate wanting to incorporate new techniques but it was overkill. My steak tartare was the biggest disappointment. The plate literally had an identity crisis. Instead of having blue cheese ice cream or a beef broth cube (why??), maybe they could have served some kind of bread on the side. Just a thought.Went for my birthday on a Thursday night. Really good food. Some courses were a miss but most were really good. 
For a fine dining establishment I was surprised that a lot of their plates were chipped - those should be replaced in any restaurant, much less a 'nicer' restaurant. And no birthday candle in spite of knowing it was my birthday was disappointing.
Chestnut ravioli, mushroom risotto, cheese plate, foie gras, squash soup and the green tea dessert were standouts. And the main server ( we were helped by 2 people and I can't remember either name!) deserves a special mention- she was very interactive and got us excited about each course. 
Definitely a place you don't want to miss if you live in Philly!maybe 2.5 stars depending on what you're looking for.
13 course  so to break it down a little the main fish and steak courses were awesome and showed that the chef can cook , there was a salt infused lychee fruit that was creative and delicious.  the ravioli  (one ravioli and tiny) was delicious but is a great segue to my next point
most courses were so so small that they were laughable. ( I know what a tasting menu is,  (see my BIBOU review)  and i'm a fan of Laurel as well), ever see a commercial or a comedy movie making a parody of a snooty french restaurant and they show a plate with one pea or string bean.  yeah  some courses were like that.  when we left  we were still hungry.  again i've been to multi course tasting restaurants quite a bit and have never had that problem
all of us were hungry  ended up at a diner a couple of hours later ordering egg platters
anyhow back to the food.  i'd say about 6 of the courses  were really just whatever,  didn't taste bad but they were just there to fill in the required number of courses i guess.
 I think they try too hard to make a fancy tasting menu and leave much to be desired. some dishes felt forced and were awkwardly creative just to prove, hey i can be creative...
service now left a lot to be desired.  nobody was rude but we had to ask for certain things several times like glasses for our white wine,  our other bottle of wine to be opened etc.
also i've never been to a place including high end byob's that only opened wine when you asked instead of asking you   and also didn't ever not once attempt to pour for you.  it was like   "BYOB?  sure do whatever you want, you're on your own,  NOT MY JOB"
so go  if you want to try something interesting  (i'm sure they've had better nights) but make sure you are paying for the experiment and  don't hope for a fully awesome dinner.  go for kicks and ... and again  it wasn't like anything was bad  
just for a place like this with the acclaim and a 13 course tasting menu  I don't see the point.
Sorry Marigold folk,   I hope to hear that things improve in the futureI took a client there for a new taste of Philly. Neither of us are foodies but we very much enjoyed the 11 course meal of small plates each with a variety of flavors and textures. We took pictures of each course as they came and sent them to our wives as we ate. My wife is insisting I take her along on my next visit.While there are numerous BYOBs in the Philadelphia area, what sets Marigold apart from the other great choices (like Matyson, Chloe, Lolita, etc.) is its charming atmosphere. Located on the first floor or a victorian home on the outskirts of Penn's campus, Marigold is good enough to attract people from all over the Philadelphia area. I have only been twice but everything I've had, from meat to fish are very tasty with an elegant finish. The most memorable dish I've had is the sweetbread, mostly because I was unaware what sweetbread actually meant at the time. Come on, the name is very misleading! Either way, I remember that the appetizer was an excellent choice.
Although I have moved to New York over a year ago, I miss the BYO restaurant scene in Philadelphia. I plan to make Marigold one of my first stops when I venture back to Philadelphia in the fall!A fantastic experience. Our 14 course tasting menu was expertly presented. We especially loved the Pumpkin Bisque, Foie Gras, and Venison courses. Only one (a very salty scallop dish) was subpar.
Our servers were outstanding and we loved the intimate setting. Our only (very mild) complaint was that the service ground to a halt at one point (I think the kitchen got behind for everyone), and thus we ended up with a 2 hour, 40 minute evening.
A great restaurant and we will be back.Attempted to eat here during dining days. No need to rehash the details of that debacle as many others have already done so. However, my biggest issue with the experience was not so much with the weird bait-and-switch menu changes, but the way in which the restaurant staff handled the situation.
Upon realizing the dining days menu was not as advertised, a friend asked to speak to the manager. After being left to wait for several minutes, we were approached by the visibly nervous hostess/manager (really?), who was completely unapologetic and fumbled through a series of lame excuses:
1) They had to submit the menu to the Dining Days organizers back in February.  Interesting, as a friend and I noticed that another restaurant had made significant changes to their posted menu on the Dining Days website only a couple of weeks before the start of the event. Why, Marigold, could you not have updated your menu similarly to reflect the extensive changes?
2) At the time they created the menu they could not have foreseen what proteins and produce would be seasonally available by the time Dining Days rolled around. Shenanigans. Many of the options that were listed on the online menu were present in identical form on the ala carte menu, which by the way we were"welcome to order from." Really, Marigold, you'll allow us to purchase items off the ala carte menu for nearly twice the price of the advertised Dining Days deal. How thoughtful and generous.
Furthermore, when the hostess called to confirm my reservation earlier that day, there was no mention whatsoever of the menu changes - although by that point they had to be aware that customers were upset with the situation given we were several days into the promotion. Clearly they were hoping uninformed folks would show up and, despite their disappointment, shell out the extra cash for the ala carte menu items since they had already made the trip. 
If you're not willing to suck it up and absorb a slight loss in profits while attempting to gain new/repeat customers, why even bother participating in Dining Days at all? So shady. We were thoroughly disappointed and left with a very bad taste in our mouths despite having not actually eaten a thing. I don't care how good the food is, I will not be giving these folks another shot.We really enjoyed our night out at Marigold Kitchen. We selected the full 9 course meal and didn't regret it for a moment. The dishes were delicious, meticulously constructed, and beautiful. I loved the idea of a blind prix fixe dining experience; it was always a treat to see what was next. The service was wonderful, and I was surprised that it wasn't full on a Saturday evening. Definitely worth trying!Excellent food for the price. BYOB!! Had a lovely time last night. I wish they had a la-carte menu. The service is also excellent. Very romantic and good for special occasion.This was one of the most fun times I've had at a restaurant.  The chef really uses a wide array of molecular gastronomy techniques.  I can't wait to go back.Marigold Kitchen has a unique and beautiful dining room, which was perfect for an upscale date night. The food was perfectly crafted with a wide range of flavors and ingredients. This was definitely one of my favorite tasting menus.Just back from brunch, and it only reaffirmed my already high opinion of this place -- a real neighborhood gem, our go-to spot when my wife and I want to eat like foodie hipsters but aren't in the mood for attitude and house music. Chef Rob Halpern (who on all our visits has made a point of personally greeting every diner) is one of the most gifted new talents in town -- as the Inky's Craig LeBon recently acknowledged in his year-end wrap up. The menu is up-to-the-minute-- think sous vide and flavored foam accents-- without feeling like science experiments run amok. (On a recent trip to LA's Sona I was served "smoke" ice cream, which tasted like some unholy collaboration between Ben & Jerry & Phillip Morris.) Atmosphere is unpretentious and comfortable, and especially cozy in winter with the gas fireplace going. I suspect there are a lot of Penn & Drexel grad students going on first dates here. In summary: the place to return to after you've been underwhelmed (and overcharged) by one of the hyped restaurants-of-the-moment.One of my all-time favorite restaurants.  From the moment you walk through the door, this place will surprise you.  Marigold Kitchen is set up in an old house; the place smells like old books, but in a good way that makes you feel like you're stepping into a time-honored place.  Their menu changes seasonally, and everytime I've been there has been proven to be superb.  The menu is small, but the offerings are grand.  Order three courses, and you will end up with 10.  Before the first course is brought out, 3 - 4 amuse bouches are presented to tease and tantalize.  If your tongue had knees, they would be quivering with weakness as you savor each intermezzo.  I had THE best beet and goat cheese tureen salad; in fact, I might request that as my last meal.  In between the first course and your entree, there are more intermezzos.  N.W.'s eyes rolled in the back of his head when he ate the homemade cracker filled with sharp cheddar ambrosia.  And you guessed it - in between the entree and dessert, you get another intermezzo - this one called Pre-Dessert!!!  Recently, I had the Basil Creme Brulee for dessert - I never realized creme brulee could be so refreshing.  From beginning to end, each and everytime, I feel like I'm a judge on the Iron Chef.  The food is creatively presented in forms such as jelee balls or foam mousse.  
I will be taking all of my out-of-town guests here just so I can come eat again and again.  Amazing food, unpretentious staff, and it's BYOB???  What are you waiting for?  Go!  Now! Quick, before all the seats get taken.When I first heard of Marigold Kitchen, I knew I had to go and try it myself. I finally did, and while there were a few things I didn't like, such as the amount of courses and a few dishes, it was a remarkable culinary experience overall. The few dishes in the middle were not to my liking, but Marigold Kitchen finished strong with the dessert game, so I still left home feeling satisfied. Satisfied, yes, but physically uncomfortable due to the amount of food I ate. I'm a petite lady, so fourteen courses were too much for me. Even though each course was tiny, they added up quickly. If you're like me and don't eat that much to begin with but still want to try Marigold Kitchen, I would suggest fasting the day of your reservation.
On to the flavors. All the dishes were intriguing to say the least. We started with a walnut bisque, followed by pumpkin with brioche, charcuterie, veal sweetbreads, Some of the Duck, cauliflower, a free sample of leak ash ravioli, wild boar sausage, sorbet, The Rest of the Duck, Mom Mom's Apple Pie, Pineapple Tort, Marigold's PSL (deconstructed Pumpkin Spice Latte), and chocolate. My least favorite dish was the overly salty leak ash ravioli, while my favorite dish was the pineapple tort. All the desserts were simply spectacular. The non-desserts were hit-or-miss for me. Some of the Duck, the Rest of the Duck, and veal sweetbreads were my favorites.
Our waiter was attentive, but the service was nothing to write home about. Pretty standard for a restaurant of this level.
One thing I really liked was the menu card that we could take home as a memorabilia. I also liked the fact that they wanted diners' feedback by giving us survey cards at the very end to ask about our dining experience there. I hope Marigold Kitchen took my feedback on the leak ash ravioli and improve the dish for other diners to enjoy.This is the best meal I've ever had in Philly and one of the top 3 ever.
Yes, there is best steakhouse, and best Italian, etc.. etc, but for an American/Continental menu this is tops.
I lost track of how many tastings they brought, but they were all wonderful.
Fried Turnip strips with powdered sugar. Liquid ravioli with crab. Something with bacn foam on top. It just went on and on every 10 minutes and each was perfect.
Salad with 5 lettuces' had a wonderful dressing and the Pork app. was wonderful. 
Poached lobster was as good as anywhere and the lobster bisque in a small cup was the best ever. Not thick like most, but more of a hearty type broth. Hard to describe, but if it's on the menu, get it. The chicken was a type of bird from China that was on the small side, but pure white when you cut into it and had a wonderful taste.
My only complaint , and it's minor, was the choice of dessert. The donuts with dipping sauce were not on a par with the rest of the evenings food.
They were a little chewy , not light like I thought they would be. The dipping sauces were good, but next time there were other desserts that I would try.
Service was attentive, parking is what you can find on the street, and at night the place can be a little hard to find, but just look the sign at the corner of 45th and Larchwood.
If people asked me for a BYO in downtown I would say this first and Fond second. If you're in the suburbs then Sycamore, or Lotus Farm to Table in Media.The amuse-bouche were frankly the most interesting part of the meal. Service was decent but not amazing and the dishes were too much on the rich side to my taste. I thought it lacked a really amazing entree that would save the day. Not a bad experience but I was not blown away.Holy moly this place is awesome!   
We ordered our entrees and an appetizer, and were completely surprised to find the staff bringing us a series of unexpected tiny tastes and palate cleansers while we waited for the main course.  The food was inventive innovative and playful, with items such as parsnip chips with powdered sugar, cinnamon, and chocolate, as well as a squash soup with thyme foam.  I know the temptation is to write this type of cooking off as flashy or frivolous, but everything tasted so frickin delicious that it didn't really matter!  Over two hours later we left stuffed and happy
The service was friendly and fantastic, especially considering that only one waiter and the manager took care of every table, making at least 20 trips to our table and explaining each dish in detail.  
Somewhat expensive, but a dinner like this in Los Angeles would cost at least twice as much.It may sound 12 courses is a lot but it's actually just perfect. With a seasonal menu change and a lot and care by the chefs, this is a place when you want something delicious and special.Marigold Kitchen had such promise to be one of my new favorite restaurants in the city but that chance quickly scampered away alongside the mouse that ran across the dining room. That is correct -- a rodent joined us as a late night dinner companion on Friday night nearly brushing my foot as we were finishing dessert.
The fact that there was a rodent in this brownstone setting is not entirely implausible, but what was wholly surprising was the fact that the staff was tacitly apologetic, at best. "They come out when it gets quiet."  "This happens in the winter time."  "It's our neighbor's fault" were some of the justifications uttered by the Manager.  
I will say this --  the food at Marigold was indeed great, but beware that you may end up sharing it with tiny co-patrons that would made the Health Code board squeamish. (And for what it's worth - this is the first Yelp comment I've ever written. I felt that it was my civic duty)I quickly made a reservation here this past Thursday when I heard that Erin O' Shea was leaving at the end of the month.
I've been to Marigold for Dinner and Brunch service numerous times, and have been impressed by the quality of the food since my very first bite.
I'm sad to see her leave Marigold, but I'm greatly anticipating Percy Street BBQ when it opens later this year!great sunday brunch spot in university city.  Reasonably priced for brunch, fresh and delicious food.  Will have to go back for dinnerThis is the first place in Philly that has the sophisticated taste I'm looking for.  I took a friend out for her birthday (and for the UC Dining Days) and was incredibly happy with my choice.  
We started out with 3 amuse bouche of suger and chocolate covered fried dough, a cucumber mint with tapioca drink, and a bite sized cheese filled pastry.  Then we had our first course.  I had an amazing goat cheese and beet dish with pesto sauce on the side.  My second course was fish with quinoa and mango sauce, which was good.  Then, to cleanse our palates, we had a blackcurrent sorbet - again delicious.  Finally for dessert, I got a tomato creme brulee, which was interesting and a nice twist to the usual.  
Overall, I was impressed by the innovative ways the chefs were able to put ingredients together and still made it work amazingly well.  I'll definitely be coming back!I true gem in our neighborhood.  Exceptional food and service.  BYOB makes it affordable.  An excellent choice for fine dining in a relaxed atmosphere.I really liked the service at the restaurant. The staff is very friendly, almost too much. The chef came out a couple of times and greeted us warmly. They really try to make a personal experience out of your dining there and it worked nicely. 
I liked the food. The surprises were fun and tasty, a little strange at times which was a little off putting for my personal taste. The entrées were a bit disappointing. The salmon was good but the swordfish wasn't great. As for the sides, they were good but I feel they tried too hard to include exotic ingredients or combinations. I felt that flavorwise they were not exotic at all. 
We were there for dining days so we only paid 30 bucks each, which was nice.Creative cuisine, great atmosphere, even better service.
I went here with a Groupon special but would easily pay full fare.  
The chef is a big fan of pork and bubbles.  This will be a high fat and sodium meal.  The pork dishes are outstanding.  I had the pork tenderloin that was really fantastic.  The chef serves 3 -4 pallet cleansers during the interludes of the meal.  One in particular was a cream with bacon flavoring.  I had two of them b/c my date is a vegetarian.  Drinking both may have been a mistake b/c while it tasted great, I think the sodium gave me a headache...so beware.
Overall, I thought the food was very cool and great quality.
The atmosphere is very cool and the service is welcoming.Fantastic value. Probably one of the only tasting menu restaurants that is BYOB. The service was wonderful. The food was so good and I was definitely full when I left. A must go for a special occasion.We booked the reservation more than a month in advance and were so excited to try it.  Though the food I had was great, I only enjoyed 2 courses. During the second, I was given almond milk, despite repeatedly discussing my nut allergy with the staff. I have a very serious allergy and have to take epipens, go to the hospital, etc... really unpleasant. They even confirmed my allergy prior to the meal and assured me the kitchen would work around it. After being given almond milk, I had to leave the restaurant to go to the hospital. The hostess's response after they realized what they did was ridiculous, "That was almond milk, but I can assure you any courses from now on will not have any nuts." I was like, I can't stay now, I have to go get medical care. Even worse, no one followed up with me in the days afterward.  Would definitely not recommend it to anyone with food restrictions or allergies.What a great time eating!  For 12 courses, it was a complete blast wondering what the kitchen was going to shell out next.  The service was professional and yet personal.  They all really care about your experience and the food too.  The molecular gastronomy was evident without being over the top and the flavors/textures showed skill and creativity.
This is a jewel that Philly should treasure and one of the best tasting experiences in the city.For the price of $90 per person, I do not believe the quality of the food lived up to that amount. I wonder if the price is more so for the experience rather than the quality since the atmosphere was lovely -- very warm, romantic, and intimate of a setting. Our waiter was extremely attentive to our needs (made sure none of us had food allergies or dietary restrictions) and always ensured our wine glasses were never empty. 
With 13 different courses, only 2 stood out beyond a mediocre rating -- the squab dish with wild rice and the halibut. All other dishes looked lovely, but at times the vegetables seemed undercooked and some dishes were lukewarm. One meat dish was simply cold and tasted/had the texture of canned cat food. It was very hard for my friend and I to say anything impressed us beyond the 2 prior mentioned dishes. 
I wouldn't recommend paying $90 for Marigold for taste because it is not worth that sort of money. If you want to spend that sort of money for the "experience", go for it, but I still do not believe it is worth anywhere near that amount. Save that $90 and go elsewhere.AMAZING, inventive, and fun food. Great professional waiters. This is a great place for a special occasion. Make sure you make a reservation.Wow. Just ... Wow. My husband and I went to Marigold Kitchen last night for a special occasion and we were completely blown away at how amazing it was. We're both hardcore foodies and have eaten at some of the most hyped places in the city, yet this was easily one of the best -- if not the best -- meals we've had in Philadelphia.
Our dinner was more of an experience than a meal. We opted for one of the tasting menus, with five courses including hot and cold appetizer, meat or fish, cheese plate and dessert. Everything we ordered was exquisite and wonderfully plated. Some of our dishes included a tuna tartare, which was lightly seasoned as not to obstruct the flavor of the tuna itself (a problem I find with many tartares) and plated with micro fruits and tobiko; an amazing corn dish that included a croquette, tamale and holy balls amazing Mexican Cotija ice cream; diver scallops served in a decadent cream sauce with English peas cooked just perfectly and wild mushrooms; and my husband's filet, served topped with seared Foie Gras. My husband's dessert was also outstanding and notable -- he ordered "Chocolate in a Variety of Textures and Forms," which was served with the long rope of a stiff pudding around the plate which they called "flexible chocolate." Very cool, to say the least.
But what really transcended this from a  meal to an experience were the amuse-bouche one to two-bite courses, of which we counted ten (10!) total. In fact, some of the highlights of the evening were in these tiny bites, such as a bitter chocolate dusted corn ravioli, celery root vichyssoise with thyme foam bubbles and, of all things, a thick cracker filled with decadent, molten sharp cheddar which made me melt a bit when I ate it. I also can't forget to mention the impeccable service. Our servers were attentive and knowledgeable about explaining each of our courses and amuse-bouches to us.
I've noticed a lot of reviewers have recently given Marigold poor reviews for ostensibly misadvertising their UC Dining Days promotion. I can completely understand diner frustration, but to be honest, we paid $72/course for our meal, and it was worth every penny. While it's unfortunate that the promotion was misrepresented, you are simply not going to have the same experience for a $30 fixed course meal, and it's really just not fair to use that as a factor to rate the outstanding quality of this restaurant.
Thanks to Marigold for such an unforgettable evening. We plan to return again sometime with friends to share this amazing experience!
***Edited because I forgot to add how awesome the music was. Lots of low key brit-pop like New Order, Joy Division, XTC, as well as other stuff like Rolling Stones and Elvis Costello. Made for a nice ambiance.The food here is probably the best my wife and I have had in the city, and considering that it's a BYOB and a multi-course tasting menu, the price is quite reasonable.  I recommend this restaurant without any reservations.  It's a must-try for any Philadelphian.  The only downside to this restaurant is its location.WOWOWOWOWWW!!! This is one of my new favorite places and I can not wait to return!
My husband and I came for a very special occassion this past weekend. We really enjoy places that have that added wow factor and this lived up to it! Marigold is also a BYOB, which adds even more value to your dining experience.
The menu is based on seasonal ingredient with an array of appetizers, salads and all varieties of entrees (meat, seafood and poultry). Between each course, the wait staff will surprise you with small amuse bouches (chef tastings) that will blow your mind! Everything is very "chefy" and based on molecular gastronomy. 
We can not believe the flavor that was packed into every bite. Job well done Marigold Kitchen. We shall see you soon!Marigold is a cool little place that has become a launching pad for promising young chefs in Philly. The first time I went here, it was Michael Solomonov's restaurant (he's gone on to create Zahav in Old City). Last year, it was Erin O'Shea's Southern-concept restaurant, and now the head chef is a guy named Robert Halpern. Each time the ownership changes, it keeps the same name and the same basic decor, but the food changes A LOT. So, that means any review on Yelp before September 2009 is a review of a different chef's food.  
The new chef's concept was described by the waitress as "classic French, but also really modern." I was surprised again and again by the food that came out of the kitchen during our recent visit -- there were lots of high-concept, "deconstructed" dishes that you don't see very often at restaurants in Philadelphia. The people next to us ordered something that involved little cubes of aspic, and there seemed to be a lot of foams on the menu. There were also many flavor combos on the menu that were truly unusual -- like lavender/tomato and vanilla/salmon.
Our food was very well prepared. My husband and I each got fish, and each dish was cooked perfectly.  We also got the carrot bisque, the wild mushroom appetizer, and the profiteroles for dessert. All were very interesting, and sometimes very challenging to our tastebuds (we ended up trading entrees because my husband didn't like the vanilla/salmon combo at all... and I actually loved it).
Overall, it was a weird yet expertly-prepared meal from an ambitious and creative chef. Good luck to the new Marigold!We went to Marigold on a busy Friday night. A friend recommended this west philly hideaway, professing a jewel, so we wanted to find out. I appreciate chefs brave enough to offer a tasting menu, so we settled down for a longer dinner. We started with a nice and simple salad topped with pears. This was followed by an elegantly presented pumpkin soup - I was surprised at the striking color, and then the taste. The cod was a winner with my fellow dinner, who raved about the suttle balance between the fish, sauce and olives. I agreed. The flank cut of beef was cooked to perfection, medium rare as I enjoyed it, and cooked medium for my friend. The bitter mustard greens, again, provided a surprising balance. It was a relief to recieve a cheese plate with pairings; too often, restaurants resort to a smattering of boring cheeses, but in this case, the chef put some thought into flavor combinations. I ended with a tapioca pudding topped with pickled watermelon - pickled watermelon?? Who thinks of that? But it worked! I'm not even a dessert person, but the simplicity of the presentation and the pure taste had me see the end of the bowl very quickly. 
Service was on point, and for ONCE, it's nice to go to a restaurant that doesn't ask me if I'd like to keep my utensils between courses. NO. I'd like a fresh set thanks. Here, it seemed to be a given, with a fresh set every time. Despite being busy, our host checked in on us twice, and the pace of the dishes were well timed. The atmosphere - relaxed. We'll be back soon, with more friends in tow!Great restaurant. We did the 6 course tasting and it ended up being 16 courses. Food was great and chef does a great job of creating unique dishes. If you like tasting menus this is a must try. I look forward to heading back soon.A great experience...definitely something you'll remember. The food was inventive and beautiful--the flavors were unexpected but delicious. There were multiple snacks and surprises throughout the meal which was a great added touch. 
I guess the only thing preventing me from giving this place five stars was that the service is a bit slow. They might be a bit understaffed--we had to wait longer than most places to be seated (even though we had reservations) and to get some of the basic table items (wine chiller, which had no ice even though we requested our wine chilled, extra water) which we asked for. 
Also be aware that this is not a place where you can sit and grab a casual meal...this is actually an experience with many, many courses and explanations. I would budget 3 hours for a meal here.It's been a few years, but my last trip was nothing short of spectacular. I had a friend treat me for my birthday to the 5 course tasting, and it was sublime.My wife and I just got home from our 3rd annual wedding anniversary dinner at Marigold Kitchen.  We like supporting the local talent and all, but today - especially today - Chef Rob and his crew knocked one out of the park.  We are used to the warm environment, the easy parking, the super-friendly and accommodating waitstaff, and the delicious food.  Today, we got pinned down by a barrage of really yummy amuse-bouches.  12 - TWELVE - different little morsels that ranged from "pretty good" to "face-meltingly good" (the liquid ravioli and the sweet corn chowder come quickly to mind).  This was on top of our equally impressive, regularly scheduled 3 courses.  Some highlights: perfect ginger scallops, refreshing hamachi sashimi, satisfying and well rounded halibut with bacon braised cabbage.  Simply put, we had an over-the-top wonderful experience at a restaurant we already had a soft spot for.  Kudoz to Rob and Co - your place just gets better over time.  Long live Marigold Kitchen.Although I love Asian food, I also love American cuisine (hello hotdogs!). As a kid in elementary school, I remember eating up the school lunches of grilled cheeses and potato stix; salisbury steak; wax beans and the very best day was chicken nugget day. I devoured every bit, until I realized it was really uncool to enjoy the school lunches. As I've matured, my tastes have changed, but I still have a love of classic American food.
When I ate at Marigold kitchen recently, I was excited to try what they describe as "fun" American food. When booking a reservation online, the only slot available was for an extra early 5:30 pm seating, so we basically had the place to ourselves for awhile. We walked into the restaurant which is actually an old Victorian house in West Philly, converted. I was in love already. Our server was very friendly and suggested her favorites off the menu. In the end we ordered the Caesar Salad with a 147 degree egg; the 3 preparations of beef, the cod and a chocolate ganache torte for dessert.
The 147 degree egg was something that I had never heard of before. We were told that it is a French style of cooking, where the egg is cooked in a pressure cooker at 147 degrees. The end result was an egg which had a custard like consistency. In between our courses, free bites of food were brought to the table as a pleasant surprise. I didn't take photos of the bites, I think because I could hardly wait to try them.
There was lots of flavor and everything was perfectly prepared and tasty. This was unlike my elementary school lunches, no chicken nuggets here, but definitely worth the trip to try a different take on American food.Just amazing!!!! The combination of flavors and the presentation was incredible. Service was also stellar. I would call it the Super Bowl of dinners.If you want to spend $90 per person for a pre-set 13-course dinner and be surprised, this is the restaurant for you. Service is wonderful. We were not aware of this when we sat down, but elected to go with it.Probably our best tasting menu in the past year.  Relaxed but refined service.  Mellow and enjoyable atmosphere.  Courses were off the charts - delish!Tucked away on inconspicuous 45th Street in the heart of West Philly, Marigold Kitchen is a hidden gem with inventive, delicious food.  This BYOB easily holds its own against its bigger, badder Center City cousins.
Walking into Marigold feels like walking into someone's home.  This makes a certain amount of sense, given that it once *was* a home (albeit a large, Victorian one).  There are several dining rooms, including an upstairs and a downstairs, and they manage to be warm and cozy without being cramped or uncomfortable.  Service matches the ambiance - it's not always the smoothest, but it's undeniably friendly and accommodating.
All that said, food is the selling point (as it should be).  Marigold manages to pull off molecular gastronomy-type cuisine (bubbles, foam, mousse, etc.) without sacrificing flavor or substance, or alienating customers.  I've visited a few times, and there are some undeniable highlights: 1. The scallops.  Flavorful, perfectly cooked, absolutely delicious.  2. The wagyu.  OHMYGOODNESS THE WAGYU.  Tender and unbelievably flavorful.  3. The variety of amuse bouche - sometimes brought out by waitstaff, sometimes by the chef himself.  These change monthly/seasonally/daily (along with the rest of the menu), so it's hard to know what to expect, but some kind of mini soda/bubble tea hybrid is usually to be found (apple soda with cinnamon bubbles is my favorite so far), as is a cracker and molten cheese ensemble (good, but not the highlight of the evening), crispy parsnips with powdered sugar, and some kind of frozen granita/sorbet palate cleanser. 
There have been a few misses, like the squab, which just didn't work for me alongside its chocolate fois gras accompaniment.  The quiche was also a little dissappointing when I visited for brunch; it was fluffy and creamy, but I think I was looking for dense and hearty.  In fact, the brunch offerings in general tend to be a little less filling than would be ideal - so if you're a big eater, plan to order (and spend) a little extra.  
In any case, take SEPTA, cab it, or walk on a nice night.  However you decide to make your way across the Schuylkill, Marigold will make it worth your while.Great dining experience. Chef puts a lot of thought into dishes and makes sure to balance flavors and tastes. He lives upstairs.I think I got jipped because I went during dining days.  I never would have known I was jipped if it weren't for the reviews and my fellow diners. 
Location- Marigold is adorable.  I've walked past it before and never noticed it was a restaurant.  It really blends in with the style of houses in the neighborhood.  The inside is adorable.  You really feel like you're inside of someone's cozy home.  The bathroom downstairs was probably the nicest bathroom I've ever been in at a restaurant.
Service- Our server was great!  Friendly, attentive but not annoying.  
Food- Everything was delicious.  We started out with gazpacho, a salad and the crab mac and cheese.  Everything was great with the orzo crab mac and cheese and gazpacho standing out as being the best.  I'd probably come back just to eat both of those.  For our main entree we got the salmon, chicken and beef.  I'm not usually a huge fan of eating chicken at a restaurant but it was probably the best I've ever had, no exaggeration.  My friends agreed. The salmon and beef were also delicious, but not something I'd go out of my way to go to Marigold and order.  I'm not a big dessert person and it didn't stand out as being particularly good.  In fact, I don't even remember what it was.   BYOB.
Here's where we got cheated- where's my fancy bougie sorbet at, Marigold?  I know you did it for ucdd last year!  My friends who had been there before were so disappointed.  Also, as mentioned by others, their menu online was deceiving.  They put the a la carte menu online, not the $30 menu.  Sneaky sneaky.  
I'd probably go back during non UCDD time if I was in West Philly and had some serious $$$ to burn.Having read some of the more recent negative reviews of UC Dining Days, I was a little concerned heading into last nights dinner.  To start, our waiter seemed to either be preoccupied or non-concerned as he rarely made contact with us. All four of us ordered fish entrees. The Halibut was $38 and the Swordfish was $34. We ordered a la cart even though they recommended one of their prefix choices. Our appetizers were good, nothing special, however when our fish arrived we were shocked to see that they the size of a tapas portion, certainly not $38 size. We mentioned this to our waiter and the assistant waiter and asked to speak to the chef/owner on both instances. The chef never did come out to talk with us and they ended up taking care of our desserts and coffee, which was a nice gesture. We all left pretty hungry and determined never to return to this restaurant.Thanks to its relatively new (as of Sept. 2009) chef and owner, Rob Halpern, Marigold Kitchen has a new, fresh and creative menu.   The menu (which I think changes monthly) offers a diverse selection of seafood and meat items, as well as a vegetarian dish.  Everything we had was perfectly executed, delicious and beautifully presented.  The atmosphere was pleasant and enjoyable- not quiet or sterile and not too loud for conversation.  The pork, beans and beer were particularly good and show off the chef's unique preparation style, but the other dishes we tried were just as interesting and delicious.  This is the perfect restaurant for any occasion; no matter who you are with or what you order, you will not be disappointed.I am such a fan of this place.  I have been here 3 times now in the last 6 months.  It is a gem.  The service and the entire experience cant be beaten.
A true Philly GemFeels neighborly warm but over-pretentious. You'll know what I mean if you go.Nice tasting menu with inventive dishes. Cozy atmosphere. A plus that it is BYOB given the price. Had the chicken liver eclairs, strawberry + rhubarb salad, house bread + butter, seared halibut on white beans, "shepherd's pie", chicken roulade, crème brûlée, chocolate cake + blueberry sorbet. Would say that we wanted a bit more variety between the two chicken dishes as that felt repetitive (shepherd's pie then chicken roulade) and some dishes were more memorable than others but overall great meal and worth a try.This place is fabulous! 
You walk into an old row home and feel like you are ready to eat dinner at someone's house which is actually pretty cool. My friend and I were greeted and seated by the very kind hostess (who also was doing a thousand other jobs around the restaurant!) almost immediately even though we were 20 minutes early. I started off with the Surry Sausage with cole slaw and pickeled watermelon rind. I love sausage and this was just perfect...very similar to Kielbasa. The watermelon rind was a new thing for me and I really enjoyed the sourness to it. Next I had the Pork Chop over white beans--another AWESOME dish. The pork was so juicy although it was still pretty pink which doesn't bother me in the least bit but my friend was totally turned off by that. The dish reminded me of something my mother would make. I really enjoyed the white beans too which had some spinach and pieces of pork strewn throughout. Finally to top it all off I got the warm chocolate cake with malted milk. Yet another fantastic dish..warm chocolate sauce and the milk tasted just like a Whopper! Everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly. The only complaint I have is the waitress who seemed to not really pay attention to us most of the evening. However the food more then made up for it.
I was so pleased with this restaurant and will definitely be going back soon!My husband and I went to Marigold Kitchen recently to celebrate 5 years together.  I was so excited to try this place considering it was Philly Mag's #2 restaurant in 2013, and we always like to try new places.  I should preface this review by saying that just a few weeks prior, we sat at Table 21 at VOLT (Frederick, MD) and it was, hands down, the best dining  experience we've ever had.  Considering Marigold Kitchen and Table 21 at VOLT are similar in that they are both chef's tasting menus, I was expecting another great experience.
Unfortunately, Marigold just didn't do it for us.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it's easy to miss the place if you don't know it's there. It's charming that it's in an old rowhome, but unfortunately the decor in this place needs some serious TLC.  We sat in the dining room closest to the front door and there was little to no ambiance.
Our service was good (although we had to remind the waitress a few times to bring things she forgot) and the pace of the meal was perfect.
At the end of the day, it was just the food that didn't do it for us.  The courses seemed to lack a cohesion and there were probably about 4 courses that were "totally liquid" in the center, which was unappealing to me.  However, we did both enjoy the beet salad as well as our main courses (I had the bass, my husband had the venison).  
The cheese plate and charcuterie were both nice, but there are a hundred restaurants in Philly where you can get a nice cheese plate and charcuterie.  
The worst part was that at the end of the meal I felt totally sick to my stomach.  The last bite, which was extraordinarily, and almost digustingly sweet was just too much.  My husband also didn't feel well about an hour afterwards and I ended up getting sick the following morning.  Something about the combo of the flavors throughout this meal wasn't very appealing and didn't sit well with our stomachs.
Last point I'll make is the price.  At $85 per person, this place should be much better than it is.  We are happy we tried it, but we wouldn't go back and won't be recommending it to others. We're bummed this didn't work out, Marigold.My wife and I went to Marigold tonight after being told how amazing it was (and seeing the #2 ranking in Philly Mag) and we were let down.
First... the service ran from checking in on us every 30 seconds to then receiving no service for long stretches of time. We had our cheese plate collected and then had a good twenty minutes before dessert was served. And the cup of coffee I asked for didn't materialize for over a half-hour until I went back to the kitchen to ask for it. 
The food... interesting, with some real highlights. I loved the halibut ceviche, and the nitrogen popcorn was playful and fun. The salad with pear vinaigrette was very good, the sweetbread hot appetizer was interesting, both my beef entree and my wife's chicken entree was respectable, if not out of this world. But many of the "mouthful" bites were mediocre to not very good. (The cheddar cheese cracker bite, for example, stood out as nearly inedible.) 
Finally, we thought both our desserts (my wife had Going Bananas and I had the Chocolate in Many Forms) were huge let-downs. 
In the end, the food runs from very tasty to not very tasty. It's clear they are doing some really adventurous things, but given the prices, I think they should hit more often than they do, and their misses should not be as big as they were, and they could really work on their service. 
Marigold Kitchen is an interesting idea, but it's nowhere near the second best restaurant in Philly. My rating is somewhere in between two and three stars.An absolute GEM in West Philadelphia. BYO, inventive food, attentive service, and cozy atmosphere. Marigold was the first restaurant where I encountered foam in the food and I was delightfully surprised-the foam wasn't just an aesthetic fixture-it enhanced the meal with a deep herbal flavor. 
I thought the service was wonderful and the chef even came by during our meal to inquire whether or not we were satisfied. A nice touch that I haven't encountered in many Philadelphia restaurants.Went here for my birthday... Hands down one of the best overall meal experiences in Philly. Def dont want to miss this one. Just look at the food posted. Need I say more?What an experience.  The food was creative, and very good. It's a tasting menu so you need to be cool win that . The only choice you have to make is your entree, and even then it was only two options. The staff was friendly enough, and knowledgable. If I had to find fault it would be the changing of plates and silverware. This is an expensive place and there are many different courses. It would have been nicer if we had fresh plates. Party of four the bill was $360+, plus the tip.
Would I go again? Absolutely, just wouldn't be somewhere I would go often.
But then again, with all that Philadelphia has to offer its hard to go anywhere often.After 5 years at the helm of Marigold Kitchen, Chef Robert Halpern has decided to move on. Lucky for me, the GF took us here for my birthday last Fall. One of Philly's best attempts at modernist cuisine, Marigold Kitchen is certainly a bright spot in West Philly, situated in a nicely renovated home.
Tasting Menu [$85 pp]
The motto of Marigold Kitchen is "let us amuse your bouche." And rightly so - the tasting menu here is an offering of small bites. And as with many Philly establishments, it's BYO!
Liquid Nitro Popcorn
Truffle oil, sea salt
Clearly a nod to Ferran Adria's elBulli and subsequently, Grant Achatz's Alinea, Chef Halpern offered up liquid nitrogen popcorn, perfumed with truffle oil. The effect at the former restaurants was to create a dragon's breath where the nitrogen could escape out of your nose. Here, there was no such instruction and perhaps this was because the effect was not apparent, if at all. Still, each bite was crunchy, cool, and salty - not bad.
Autumn Dippin' Dots 
Gorgonzola, bacon
The dippin' dots continued our nitro amuses and to better effect. The funky essence of gorgonzola and the savoriness of bacon was distilled into a creamy cool bite. Delicious. 
Duck Charcuterie
Rilette, prosciutto, pickled cranberries, Gherkins, mustard seed
The charcuterie platter was decent. The rilette of confit duck was nicely seasoned, but I could have used more toast points. The pickled cranberries offered a bright counterbalance. The heft of the prosciutto was apparent, while the pickled Gherkins and the mustard seed offereing some acidity.
Cracker
2-year aged Cabot clothbound cheddar
The aged cheddar cracker was certainly a nod to Cheez-its, though with better flavor and a pop of sharp warm cheddar within. 
Lobster Bisque
Thyme bubbles
Now, I was starting to get impressed. The sweet foam of was infused with herbaceous thyme. And even better? The rich lobster bisque beneath. A nice juxtaposition. 
Walnut Sponge
Creme fraiche, pumpkin seed soil, burning cinnamon
We weren't offered utensils for this particular dish so it was a bit awkward. Still, this dish offered even more contrast, with an ethereal creme fraiche provided with a substantive cake. The latter had great walnut essence, heightened by the pumpkin seed soil and the headiness of the burning cinnamon (inedible).
Roasted Corn Ravioli
Cumin salt
The GF's favorite of the night was a simple roasted corn ravioli, the sweetness of the corn balanced nicely by the cumin salt. Delicious.
Beet Salad
Orange, pistachio, balsamic, port, lavender, goat kefir ice cream  
The omnipresent beet salad was one of the better interpretations I've had in awhile. The balsamic foam - simply amazing - was easily one of the best things I've tasted in awhile. The goat kefir ice cream did have a bit of an aftertaste, but overall, each of the other components of the dish worked well. 
Glidden Point Oyster
Hot & Cold cauliflower, uni, sturgeon caviar, edamame, lemon
Typical of most Maine oysters, the Glidden Point had a firm richness that could withstand the other components of the dish. The creamy sweetness of the uni and the brininess of the caviar was balanced by the lemon, with the cauliflower providing a smooth undertone. Very nice.
Jonah Crab "Mac & Cheese"
Pickled jalapenos, shiitakes, truffle, Cabot clothbound cheddar
One of my favorites was the peeky toe crab, which was cooked perfectly. The 2-year aged cheddar provided a sharpness to the mac n cheese broth. Speckled with jalapeno, bacon, and lardon, there was extra weight to elevate everyone's favorite comfort food. 
Red Currant Sorbet 
As an intermezzo, a red currant sorbet brought forth sweet undertones with a tart brightness - nice palate cleanser.
Baked Quinoa 
Miso eggplant, roasted cauliflower, lemon-tahini glaze
The GF's main incorporated the interplay between the salty miso and the umami of eggplant, which still had some bite. The baked quinoa was initially sweet but came through with earthy flavors that were complemented by the cauliflower and accented by the lemon-tahini glaze. The chickpea croquettas could have been a dish by themselves. 
Duck Breast
Carrot puree, sweet potato croquette, confit leg, bacon potato hash 
My succulent duck breast came out medium rare - cooked perfectly. The confit leg was decadent and rich. The bacon potato hash was absolutely delicious, containing smoky and some candied savory bits. My croquette was just as good as the GF's, but contained sweet potatoes within. The beautiful pearl onion helped to brighten the dish a bit, with the baby bok choy providing some greenery to the plate. 
~~~~~~ TO BE CONTINUED ~~~~~~~~I am a fan! Located in a cute house off the beaten track, Marigold Kitchen is a find! 
Loved the 'small bites' that they comped us. The 'Liquid Corn' ravioli is absolutely stellar!!! Makes you happy just eating it.
Lots of ordering and sharing. Real standouts were: heirloom cherry tomate salad, salad lyonnaise, crab mac and cheese, scallops, and guinea hen! Yum!
The service is friendly and professional. 
Dinner did take about three hours to complete but with many 'small bites' and the attentive service, time just flew by. Worthwhile finding. Parking can be challenging as well as sharing one bathroom for the whole restaurant. We forgot to bring our bottle of wine, we forget about the BYOB concept. 
Will definitely be back! You're a neighborhood gem! Thanks Marigold Kitchen!!!From start to finish, the dining experience at Marigold was top notch.  The General Manager, Samantha, greeted us at the front door and told us on our way to our seats that we were "in for a treat."  We were in for way more than that.
We skipped the appetizers and ordered some of the South Philly Bottle Co. sodas.  Incredible.  One of the sodas fizzed over the bottle and our server, Kelly, went back to get another one on the house.  Then, we indulged in the first round of amuse bouches.  All of them were inventive and thoughtful, the best of which was a butternut squash bisque.  So buttery and creamy.  I could have had 50 more without even a blink.
Our entrees, cod and lamb, were cooked perfectly and melted in our mouths.  The plating was artful and appetizing - so much so that we dug right in and finished everything so quickly.  We ordered dessert and were amazed with the next round of treats in-between courses.  A small ice cream sandwich with homemade coffee ice cream, the chef's innovative take on peanut butter and jelly, and a lime yogurt with candied ginger.  Again, I could have eaten 3x more of each.
Desserts were flawless.  Chocolate torte and profiteroles with mint ice cream.  I could literally taste the real mint in the ice cream.  It was incredible.  We finished everything in record time - every dish, drink, and portion was so perfect it was impossible to put down the silverware.
When we left, we stopped and spoke with Samantha to tell her what an amazing experience we had.  Absolutely every person who served us was informative, friendly, and attentive.  The food was unbelievable.  So far, this is the best overall experience at a restaurant in Philadelphia I've ever had.  I will be back again!What a lovely experience! 
First, service: This requires a bit of backstory: my husband and I got some very good and very unexpected news yesterday, and I decided a celebration was in order. We keep kosher at home and generally eat vegetarian, pescatarian, or vegan out, but at most restaurants, that means "salmon" or "roasted vegetables." We have eaten EVERYONE'S salmon across Philadelphia now, seriously. We are done with salmon. Also, this whole celebration was for my husband, who is stricter than I am; I didn't want to restrict him, as per usual, to two or three things on the menu.
Sadly, the usual suspects (Vedge, Zahav, Morimoto) were full up, and we'd been to Morimoto recently anyway. But OpenTable said Marigold Kitchen still had a table at 7:30 pm. Oooooh!
I called and asked if the menu included any vegetarian or pescatarian offerings. To my surprise, the woman I spoke to explained that they would simply adapt the menu to any dietary need. I told her we kept kosher, and she told me not to worry; they knew what to do. *blink blink*  You do? SCORE!
And indeed they did know, but I'll get to the food next.
The service at the restaurant itself was very nearly impeccable. I mean, OK, one waiter served us from the right, rather than the left. Hardly something to complain about. Suffice it to say we were thrilled with the pleasantness, attentiveness, and thoughtfulness of the waitstaff. Additionally, we loved the "old University City graceful brownstone" ambiance. Such a lovely, cozy, quiet dining room.
Second, on to the food: I cannot weigh in on the regular tasting menu. Ours was adapted for kosher, remember. However, several items were extremely well-crafted. The panna cotta, the flatbreads, and the trumpet mushrooms were absolute standouts in a very good set of dishes.  Particularly impressive? The fact that they knew to substitute a trumpet mushroom for a scallop (no shellfish allowed) and leave out escargot from one of our dishes (nope, no we can't escargot either, and I'm really impressed the chef knew that). Now, one of the reviewers here is right in that some dishes shine and others are a bit less than fully sparkly, but that hardly detracts from the experience, and the evening was certainly well worth a minority of "Oh, that's very nice!" dishes amidst a majority of truly excellent and memorable ones. Speaking of memorable, I once had a delicately chilled fresh pea soup at Le Bec Fin that I still, some 10 years later, long for. There were a couple of dishes on the tasting menu at Marigold Kitchen that will stick around in my memory with that soup. The "Old Fashioned" doughnuts, for example. They are permanently imprinted in my memory. I'll probably dream of them. Oh my.
And the deconstructed candy bar? Forget "imprinted in memory." That one's embedded in MY SOUL now. 
Upshot: Food, 4.8 stars (given the few "oh, nice!" dishes lurking among the standout ones), Nevertheless, you get 5 stars for everything. Many thanks to Marigold Kitchen for such a memorable meal and for accommodating us only a couple hours before we showed up on your doorstep looking hungry. What a lovely experience. And if I could give you an extra star for knowing not to serve snails to Jews, it would be yours.The tasting menu was great. Smooth flow of the courses. The staff is accommodating and super friendly.  Some favorites were the French onion ravioli, the quail egg, scallop.Delicious, charming, just an all-around wonderful brunch option.
We started off with complimentary scones that were so buttery and moist they didn't need any jam (but the jam was delicious too, so I supplemented anyway).  The glasses of fresh-squeezed orange juice are huge and very reasonably priced ($3.50 for a "small" and $5.00 for large).  
At our waitress' suggestion, I ordered the Croque Madame - the sandwich itself was good, but the 147-degree "sous vide" egg on top was amazing - a must try for an incredible smooth, creamy egg  (also available on the 3 Eggs Benedict options).  I'd ask to substitute fruit in for the chips next time to help cut the heaviness of the dish.  The Elvis French toast is tasty too, but be prepared for a lot of sweet, peanut buttery flavor.  For dessert, I tried the champagne-infused pear with gorgonzola gelato - very interesting dish!
The converted house is charming, the bright colors cheery, and the service attentive without being obtrusive.  I will definitely be back!Disappointing service 
Scallops tasted strange and experienced some major GI upset that night.....of note so did the other member in the party that also had scallops. 
Would never go back. SO many wonderful spots in the city with better food and better serviceThis place is cute,  fun, and the food is pretty good, but the portions are awfully small (unless you're going for the anorexic look) and the cost is awfully large (unless you're going for the bankrupt look). It's the sort of place you go for the atmosphere and not for a meal. I took my girlfriend for our anniversary dinner, and we ended up making some pasta and a salad afterwards. Not exactly filling.I don't get the 5 star reviews for this place. The decor is basically a dumpy DIY house. IKEA everything and a sloppy paint job. 
The food is borderline garbage. Some people might think it's creative but one course was a marshmallow with a pea. Another course was grey water ice. About half of the courses will be so disgusting that you won't be able to finish. 
If you want the type of experience they're trying to offer, go to Vetri, Zahav, or some other place. 
Plus it's over $100 a person.. not even remotely worth it.. no wonder it was empty on a weekend night.I'd walked by Marigold several times without realizing what it was, and when my boyfriend and I finally stopped by on a whim, we realized that it really is just a rowhouse in University City that they've converted into a restaurant!
We didn't know what we were in for, so the stream of amuse-bouches was a complete surprise. They almost outshone the meal we ate, especially the tiny cup of corn bisque with thyme bubbles. The food was all excellent and inventive, and in spite of the tiny size of the amuse-bouches, we left feeling as if we'd had a ten course meal instead of just three. 
The waitstaff was also exemplary, unobtrusive and helpful. I thought the thyme bubbles would be some kind of staff secret, but our waitress told me just how to make it when I asked.Marigold Kitchen had been in the back of my mind as a place I wanted to check out for a while now.  It took a Groupon deal to finally lure me away from Northern Liberties to the far away land of West Philly and it was totally worth it. 
I went for dinner on a Saturday night.  First off, the place is warm and inviting.  I love how it's in a converted old house.  My appetizer and dessert were pretty good, the entree was delicious.  I had the 'Beef Three Ways'.  It wasn't just the beef itself, but the little bit of turnip puree and the dollop of soy sauce reduction really made the difference.  It was a lot of flavor in a little bit of sauce.  One of the great things is that throughout the meal you're brought countless amuse bouches.  These creative little bites really added up....I was stuffed by the end of the meal!
As one reviewer noted, you may have to endure some pretentious diners around you.  The table next to me spoke about foam as if they were foodie experts (yet they didn't know what an amuse bouche was and put an 'x' in their pronunciation of espresso).  The fellow diners may have been pretentious but the waitress and chef certainly were not.  The chef took the time to come out and speak to each table.  He was very friendly and seemed to really care about what we thought of his food. 
So to sum it up: great food, atmosphere and service, lots of creative little extras and totally worth putting up with some pretentious foam talk by the people around you.Perhaps because it was brunch or perhaps not but the service and environs made the experience worse. The waiter was a rushing/stomping sort and needed reminders x2 for putting sugar on the table. He didn't attend to the coffee like would be expected. My teapot was chipped at the spout and lid which has potential for unhygienic and at the least surprising to be overlooked. The table wobbled, which was unfortunate. Excellent food and good prices. The improvements they would require should be easy enough and I hope they make the effort but if I have to eat off of ikea-ware I would prefer it be in my friend's ikea-maxed out apt.I went to Marigold Kitchen for the third time yesterday so I really cannot say this place is all that bad, but my recent experience was a true disappointment. 
Food: Variable, ranging from excellent to mediocre. I set the bar quite high for Marigold, given that chef Halpern learned from the best at Alinea in Chicago (Go to Alinea. It's amazing). My first two times the food was wonderful. I felt like I was getting a $300 meal for $50. I has the Guinness Pork and Beans, which were wonderful and some other appetizer, which I'm sure was good, but forget what exactly it was. 
My most recent time to Marigold was not as good. I asked when I first arrived if Chef Halpern was cooking today and was told that he was. I has the sous vide poached egg, which was a over cook and did not run at all. It came with a cracker of a sort which really had little flavor. The rest of my meal was pretty good. The fried parsnips are always fun. My friends, however, has somewhat different experiences. Two of them ordered lamb and another ordered the hanger steak. Both of the lambs and the steak were cold. When we asked them to warm them, instead of starting with new meat (as is standard at most good establishments), they simply put the meat back on the grill, returning well-done meet to us.
Decor: A cute house that used to be a tea room. Interesting vases and decorations. A bit cold and smells very moldy when I first walked in.
Service: Our waitress was nice and considerate of our complaints. I would not say she was a particularly professional waitress, but that can slide to a certain degree. She did not do a good job keep track of our two bottles of wine or our water and she consistently had to fill our own glasses. Now for the major issue and the thus low rating. 
When we received the bill, both of the lambs and the steak were on it. My friends returned all three of those dishes and did not eat more than a bite or two of each. They made it very clear that the food was not up to par. When I asked the manager to take a look at the bill (it's a small place and the manager helps out the wait staff), she said she saw no problem. I asked her if she expected us to pay for the three meats. She asked whether I would like to or not and I asked her if she thought it was appropriate for me to pay for three inedible dishes. She said some mumbles about policy and what not and walked off. 
This is the exact kind of management that turns me off and makes me never want to come back to a place. Sure I can understand that some meat might get cold, but that should either be easily corrected or taken off the bill. No one wants to have to argue with a manager about such an expected practice.
So if you want 60/40 shot of a great meal, try Marigold, but the rudeness of the management is a real turn off.Marigold Kitchen has ruined all other restaurants for me!  I can't imagine ordering an appetizer, entree, and dessert again- BORING!  
2.5 hours and well paced.  Chef Halpern's menu was fun and creative and delicious!!!  Standouts: white bean bisque with ham bubbles, and liquid butternut squash ravioli with banana salt. There was only one item I didn't like, but it was something I don't like in general- oysters.  I still enjoyed the layering of flavors he used with the oyster to make it a very unique bite of food!  
The amount of food was just right!  I left with a smile on my face and a very happy and satisfied belly.  We look forward to returning at other times of the year to enjoy Chef Halpern's seasonal menus!Marigold Kitchens, recently taken over by a very talented chef,  Erin O'Shea, is tucked away on a quiet tree lined street in the University section of Philadelphia. On our first visit there our waitperson suggested the chef's tasting menu: two servings of appetizers and two of a main course plus a cheese plate and dessert. And what an excellent suggestion it was!
 We had the stone-ground grits with succulent butter-poached oysters accompanied by a dollop of tomato jam and the odd sounding but palate pleasing pound cake, peaches and Virginia ham with black pepper sour cream. 
 For the main courses we enjoyed the quick smoked salmon with fried green tomatoes and yellow squash. The fish was very fresh and some of the best I have had, beautifully prepared and fork tender. Our second entree was a nicely prepared hanger steak with sauteed mustard greens, and glazed autumn vegetables.
 The cheese course was a well balanced trio, each with a different fruit condiment. The Humboldt Fog goat cheese was especially outstanding. For dessert I had the silky and rich tapioca pudding with lime, vanilla, and pickled watermelon. Chef O'Shea combined the flavorings of vanilla and lime in such an artful way as to elevate this humble treat into a memorable and highly satisfying dessert.
 This is a wonderful restaurant with an attentive wait staff and Erin O'Shea is a talented chef with a promising career ahead of her.It was our 3rd time in this restaurant through the years. The 1st time was AMAZING, the other two were not so much.
This time it was our Anniversary Dinner. 
AMBIANCE: is rustic/cozy. 
SERVICE: nice, attentive, professional. We were really impressed with nice little touches like printing the number of years we've been together on the menu, little candle on one of desserts, or calling us the next day and asking about experience. That was VERY NICE and we are very grateful for making it so unique.
Now about the FOOD: outstanding in some dishes, but unfortunately not all of them. The Highlights for us were: Roasted Corn Ravioli, Heirloom Tomato "Panzanella", Peekytoe Crab "Mac & Cheese", Cheese Plate, Summer Fruits & Berries and Follies. The entrees (particularly the Halibut dish) were a bit disappointing in point of taste. Lot's of visually interesting experimentation with "molecular gastronomy" and chemical effects were present, so for people who are interested in it it's a fun place to go. But unfortunately we are not one of them so for us THE TASTE matters THE MOST. 
VALUE: recently they started to offer the only option of $85 for 15 courses. It would be great value if at least 80% of the dishes were the same outstanding quality as I mentioned above. But in our case 6 of them were amazing, 4 were great, other 5 we could live without. I'd rather pay $65 for well portioned amazing 6 courses and receive and outstanding impression, then stuff myself with 9 more that are not so great for $85. Maybe there are people who value high number of courses better then the quality of them, but I doubt that there are many of them. If I were a Chef (who is definitely a talented one) I would think about it.
After all said, it was still an enjoyable experience, but could have been an amazing one.Wow- I guess I'm not the only person who was disappointed with my UC Dining Days experience.  What a shame, as this a really cute restaurant on one of those beautiful, green West Philly streets.  
For the record, I've been here before.  They're a little pricey- especially for West Philly- so I usually reserve my visits to Dining Days or when a parent visits.  I was always pleased that, despite the prix-fixe three course menu, you'd usually end up getting a couple little things in between meals- little sorbets as palate cleansers, a shot of soup, etc.  In addition, it used to be a chance to try really fancy things like foams and emulsions.  However, like others I was pretty disappointed to only see a choice of pretty standard soup or salad, chicken or salmon.  I, too thought it would be the lengthier menu featured on their website. 
Right off the bat, our visit seemed to be a bit off.  We walked into the vestibule to find no one in there.  There was no sign, but I remembered in the past there was a hostess that met you there, so we just kind of stood there awkwardly- not sure whether or not to go inside or keep waiting.  Eventually our hostess came to greet us. It was early in the middle of the week, so we did not make a reservation.  They stuck us upstairs, which was good enough- but I kind of got the impression that they put the younger people upstairs in the less attractive dining room. But hey, it gets busy during Dining Days.  Once we were seated, our waiter came by.  Again, he was good enough.  He was polite, but pretty stiff and curt. 
My main beef (hah) with Marigold was with the salmon.  I almost always choose salmon from a menu, so in addition to the salmon I cook at home, I end up eating a lot of it.  As soon as I stuck my fork into the salmon, I thought it looked a little undercooked. Extremely orange and translucent. I know tuna is served just seared on the outside, but I had never seen it with salmon before.  I thought maybe I'd just keep on eating, but I just didn't feel comfortable- the texture was just off for me undercooked like that- none of the flakiness I like from fish.  Because we were upstairs in a room with a curtain over it, my fiance was just about done with his entree before I could get my waiter's attention.  He said he would have another made, but also mentioned that the salmon was organic and that was probably why it "appeared" undercooked.  I didn't appreciate that- I felt like he basically told me I didn't know what I was talking about.  Maybe I don't know what I'm talking about, but I had never seen salmon served that undercooked and if I wasn't happy with it, I think it was unnecessary to quantify it. Lest I sound too picky, I should note that this is the first time I have ever sent food back in my life. Also, I really do think it was a fluke that they didn't want own up to, as I didn't see any other reviewers say anything about their fish appearing undercooked.  They did bring out a whole new fillet, perfectly cooked which was pretty tasty.
Overall, this last visit just left something to be desired from start to finish.  It was almost a different restaurant from what I remembered in the past.