do not eat here. my husband, two friends and i went out for restaurant week to marmont steakhouse on saturday, january 26, 2013; our experience was horrific.  the four of us ordered the crab bisque soup for our first course, it was cold and we sent it back to be reheated.  my second course was the calamari it was bland, fried too hard and rubbery.  finally two ppl from our party ordered the lobster ravioli for an entree.  it was not lobster ravioli but beef. i asked our waiter and one other waiter to please double check with the chef because this is not lobster, i expressed that i have not eaten beef or pork since 1994, and that it would make me ill. they both came back separately and argued that it was in fact lobster. another party of maybe 6 ppl ordered the lobster ravioli, they had the same problem and sent their dishes back to the kitchen too.  the server finally came over after i'd eaten two of the ravioli to apologize for the kitchens error and telling us that was in fact beef. 
i have been in the bathroom all day with diarrhea from the beef ravioli! the staff was very nonchalant about it and offered an insincere apology.I was looking for a restaurant in the city that offered a good steak at a reasonable cost.  I've been to the Capital Grill and I enjoy their beef as well as their service and decor, I just didn't want to spend $250.00 + for the 3 of us (call me cheap).  Not really knowing what to expect at the Marmont, we took a risk.  
The Good:
I have to say that the NY strip steaks and rib eye were very very good and cooked perfectly (medium rare and medium).  They were about 1-1/2 thick (forgot to bring my calipers) and well trimmed; very little fat was left. I would say the meat was prime, not choice.  We all enjoyed them as well as the fries which were cooked crisply as we requested.  the sauces were meh; why cover up the wonderful taste of the beef?  Service was good, prompt, and polite.   
The Not So Good:
The decor is awful.  The floor looks like painted OSB with the paint half worn off, the tables are painted plywood, lighting from K-Mart, and walls have a few giant old signs hanging on them.  The place is a visual dive. I felt like I was in a Tom Waits song.  How hard would it be to make it a nice warm and inviting space? I don't get it.   Want to make more money? Spend the 5K, it will pay off. But please find someone who knows what they are doing.  You serve delicious steaks; I'll bet your decorator doesn't do the cooking, so why ask the cook to decorate?
If you want great steaks for a good price, go here.  But if you are looking for a classy or trendy setting too, you may need to pay the extra 30% at a high end steak house.I am always skeptical of Restaurant Week... You never know what service or the food will be like but you go in with that in mind... WELL fellow Yelpers.. I must say that I was surprisingly blown away by both! 
We had a reservation for 6 but at the last minute we had another guest join us. When I called the restaurant to make sure it was ok, the gentlemen was more than happy to add one to our reservation.  Upon arrival we headed to the bar to wait for the rest of our group to arrive.  Bar menu was great, they have a lot of bottled beers to choose from...no drafts.. weird..
The food was really good!  For restaurant week I never have my hopes set too high...ist that bad??  I started with the Ceasar Salad, then the Ribeye and for dessert I ordered the Chocolate cake.. Salad was yummy, steak was done to perfection!!  I was not at all pleased with the chocolate cake (i love cake) BUT my friends bread pudding was pretty tasty!  
We will definitely return.  Our server Melissa was really sweet too!If I could rate them less than one star I would. I had the worst experience here. I felt discriminated against, disrespected, and attacked. The place was over crowded because they over sold tickets. We were asked to move from where we were standing because it would block the dancers from walking by. However, they brought out chairs from the back for other people to sit in that same exact spot. The second time we were asked to move because a couple wanted to sit behind us and couldn't see. A woman then turned a chair around and told one of my friends that the seat wasn't for her in a very rude tone. Next, two girls came in and stood directly in front of me which was also directly in front of the doorway where the dancers were supposed to enter, a server came to us and asked us to move again but said nothing to the two girls. We stated that we could not move where he wanted because then we would be blocking the view of the customers already standing there so he then asked us to move to the back of the bar where we would not be able to see anything. After that the rude woman (who told my friend the seat wasn't for her) had her husband tap my friend and ask could she switch places with me because she was too tall and blocking everyone's view. There was no room for us to switch spots so I said no and continued to try to watch the "show." 
He then tapped her again and asked did she want to sit down, she said no she was fine. He proceeded by pushing the chair into the back of her legs and forcing her to sit down. There was no staff around to assist us with these issues and there was hardly any room to try to find someone so we left before things got anymore out of hand. As we stood outside getting ready to leave a couple that lived next door overheard us talking about how disrespected we felt they chimed in and said that many of the people there are impolite and rude. I will never again in my life recommend nor visit this establishment.OH MY GOD!
I started off dinner with the Crab Bisque which was amazing! It actually had big pieces of crap in it, something that you usually don't get because many restaurants are cheap when it comes to seafood. I had the Gourmet Cheesesteak sandwich and I think after all the cheesesteak sandwiches I've had in Philly this is by far the best! The sandwich is a mixture of sliced rib eye (very good) and their filet mignon angus beef. They top it with vidalia onions and Cooper American cheese, i seriously dont think anything else will top this. My wife ended up having the Filet Mignon and that was great also. She mentioned, "oh man i forgot to ask for steak sauce" but as soon as she cut into it the steak was so juicy she said it didn't even need any sauce. Also I really recommend the BubbleGum drink, it was a great mixture of alcohols and it was surprisingly very good.I invited 20 of my friends to Restaurant Week and we decided to go to Marmont.  None of us had gone for dinner before so we had no idea what to expect.  
The first course was lobster bisque which was very filling and had a lot of meat and good flavor.  Second course I chose the baked brie.  It was absolutely delicious and probably my favorite course of the night.  Third was the 12 oz NY Strip Steak.  I had mine medium rare and it was perfect.  Some folks were looking for the A-1 sauce, but for me, I had just what I needed.  Another reviewer commented on the terrible mashed potatoes--agreed.  Last was I chose the chocolate cake.  It was difficult to eat (in the fridge too long?), so it sort of gave the meal a poor finish.
The service was good.  We had 2 servers accomodate us for the large party.  They were very appreciative and worked well with us, and I will definitely be back.  Oh, I had the mangotini as well (they have a very nice bar), but I could've used a LOT more liquor for the $8.50 price.
We all had a great time and again, I'm a fan!  Man that baked brie was amazing...Had dinner here last night, filet skewers were excellent.  Our dinners were ribeye and filet both were perfect, tasty, cooked to perfection, had great accompanying sauces of bernaise and bbq. Our waitress, Lisa, was very helpful, she knew all of their menu and helped us select terrific choices. Steaks were one of the best we have had, cud dos to the chef.  Can't wait to return.Actually gabbed a cheesesteak from next door and a drink from Marmont and sat at there outside tables.  Service was excellent and the drinks were great.Had the daily special, blackened ribeye I think it was, delicious steak, cooked and seasoned perfectly. Mashed potatoes were absolutely delicious. When I want a good steak, this would definitely be my choice. I haven't been able to find a better steak.I recently just celebrated my 23rd birthday at Marmont! I let the manager/owner know ahead of time how many guests were attending and they gave me an incredible deal on a two hour open bar. When I arrived they had a table sectioned off for my friends and I, the manager was extremely accomodating and distributed wrist bands to my friends who were participating in the open bar special. The staff there definitely went above and beyond in rolling out the red carpet. Nobody had to wait for service AT ALL. The DJ played nothing but good dance music that everyone enjoyed, which you could tell from the dance floor and the ambience was beautiful! Around midnight, the staff brought out a cake with my name on it which was delicious and each of my friends got to enjoy as well. Overall I have to say that this birthday party was THE best I've ever had, and it was all thanks to Marmont. I wasn't the only one who thoroughly enjoyed myself either! When the night ended and I thanked my friends for coming to help me celebrate each of them had great things to say about this venue! 
Thanks to Marmont and it's staff for helping me celebrate my 23rd birthday party with style!First time I ate here was mid july sat at the bar had the mac n cheese and a drink. My friend had lobster and everything was so good. Only problem I had was that they charged my bill to my bestie card and my card smh. Came back for my bday August 8th had the crab bisque which was awesome and the lamb pops was seasoned perfectly. Not to mention the birthday monster margarita was bomb.com.  I would come here to eat every week if I could. The food is awesome :)What an absolutely delightful experience my mother and I had at Marmont! We decided to go there for dinner before a show at the Arden, and I think it will become our new pre-show dinner spot!
We went on a rainy Tuesday, so it wasn't too crowded. Our waiter (I can't remember his name) was excellent. He started out giving us drink recs- I went for the Gin #9 Cocktail and my mother got the Grapefruit Cosmo. The waiter made the drinks for us and they were delicious. He even gave my mom a few pointers on the Cosmo so she could try to make it at home.
We ordered the mussels for an app and they were huge- could easily be a full meal for one person. For our entrees we split the meatloaf and pork loin, with a side of asparagus. The meat was perfectly cooked and the portions large enough for me to take for lunch the next two days.
We were too full for dessert, but hopefully next time we will save some room!Fresh food, I love it. If you want a Fancy dinner this is a good option also prices are good, service is ok. The crab cake appetizer its really goodI go to Marmont as often as I can, the food is amazing every time and the prices are reasonable as well. I always get the filet and Marmont salad and am never disappointed! 
I love the atmosphere, it's not too loud during dinner hours and especially in the spring/summer season when diners are able to sit outside and enjoy all of what Olde City has to offer! 
The service is impeccable and their drink menu, especially all of their martinis, are to die for! It's great for dates to grab dinner and afterwards hang out for drinks and the dining room turns into a dance floor with a DJ. 
Marmont is by far one of my favorite places to go to in Philadelphia whenever I'm in the city!I wouldn't call a typical steakhouse, it's Avery unorthodox version of a steakhouse however that's what makes it great. It's a cute place that you can get a good steak from. I have been here a few times and decided that i should probably write a review. The food is amazing. I typically get my steak Oscar style or I'll go for the surf and turf. It's a constant battle for me deciding which I want because they are both so good. The service has been consistent, I've never had a bad thing to say. It's unlike your typical steakhouse but it's worth the try. 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!What a GREAT place.  Came into Philadelphia for a trade show . . first night we found Marmont - and liked it so well we came back for a 2nd night.  If you are a Pinot Noir fan, try the IRONY 2011.  Wonderful flavor of berries with just the right tannin.  TOP NOTCH.  The Crab Bisque is creamy and full of crab meat - with a hint of cherry sweetness.  The mussel's were PHENOMINAL - try them Latin Style ! Our group had a variety of steaks, and all of them were simply great.  The asparagus serving is LARGE . . . excellent flavor and perfectly done.
Marissa was our server and she was PHENOMINAL - Never hovering but always there when we needed her.
Overall, one of my all time favorites. When I get back to Philly, I will DEFINITLY come back to Marmont.This was the first place I went for restaurant week and oh my god the food was delicious the space within the restaurant was small but cuteI just had my 45th birthday party at Marmont last night and I couldn't have been more pleased. Let me start with booking the event, Dave (the owner) was as easy as pie to work with, he helped me with every little detail. I'm a little picky, but he was patient as could be.
Casey, helped me create a custom martini as the drink special for my party,he concocted a delectable coconut, cherry, lime martini and my guest simply loved them, let me tell you Leah-tini's are delicious! Ask for one.
The food was simply incredible! My guests feasted on three courses of hot appetizers, we had jumbo garlic fried shrimp (to die for!), calamari with jalepenos (crisp, crunchy, full of flavor), steak spring rolls (beefy, cheesy, yummy), cheese fries and Dave was nice enough to add spicy buffalo wings to my party food menu for the night. Some of my guest ordered other items as well, the crab cakes got rave reviews!
The DJ kept us dancing all night with a combination of dance music, pop music and selections from a playlist I gave to Dave, I danced almost the entire night!
Most importantly the staff was the nicest most attentive people ever, the wait staff was always smiling, full of personality and eager to please. The bar staff never had anyone wait longer than a few seconds to place thier drink order. Even the security guard was nice (big dude-I wouldn't mess with him!) but he was very kind and cordial the entire night.
You know you can have great ambiance, food and music but if the staff isn't up to par it can ruin a night. I was so lucky to have these people here catering to my guests.
This was an important birthday for me, Thank you Marmont for making it special.First visit in a while (since moving). Service was great. Felt like we had a waiter dedicated to just our table, that's how attentive he was (but not intrusive). Never an empty drink glass. I used to live in the area and frequent Marmont at least once a month After moving to the Bay Area 18 months ago, I've not found a steakhouse like it out here. 
Steaks were cooked perfectly, medium rare as requested. I had the 22oz Ribeye, Vegetable Kabobs (healthy portion), bowl of Crab Bisque (amazing), glass of Woodford Reserve Bourbon, and plenty of fresh bread. 
I'd definitely recommend this to anyone in Old City, or the Philadelphia area for a good steak.Great vibe, with many locals and friendly service.  Mussels four different styles...try the Russian style with a rich vodka cream sauce...and only $12 for a huge portion! 
Its supposed to be a steak place and they do have a wide selection of steaks. The atmosphere is more of a local bar, and I didn't try the steaks although I just might come back for the steak and more mussels!We started off with the mussels (Belgian),  it was good, but the mussels were very small. The filet mignon was cooked the way I liked it (MR), but it was not seasoned well, if at all and the outer side tasted burnt. The lump crab was minimal, and the mashed potatoes were not anything out of the ordinary, but the asparagus was cooked properly. The hollandaise sauce was gelatinous and looked to be left out for a while; I did not care for that. Everything is a la carte (which basically means eat less or pay more). We ordered mushroom risotto and the brussel sprouts with the dinner. It is very hard to find good risotto, but at Marmont, the risotto was well cooked and tasty. The brussel sprouts were good, but it would have been nice to have it seasoned, but I suppose that is what the bacon and shallots are for. If the prices were lowered or if the entrees included one side, I would try this place again.The food was excellent.  The Shrimp and Calamari appetizer were delicious .  The Filet Oscar and Marmont Rib Eye were amazing dinner choices.  A hidden gem.A little on the pricy side, but I guess considering the location. . . Also, the ambiance was nice, and the restaurant had a nice, cozy feel.
The service was really good, and the steak was delicious. We go the burger, which was good and a steak with brussel sprouts and mushrooms as the sides. Neither one of the sides were standouts, and we were saddened when we saw our neighboring table get the mac and cheese, which looked yummy.
We went there because we had a groupon, but will probably not be back.We had the 22 oz rib eye done medium rare.  Caesar Salad with anchovies added, broccolini and mashed potatoes.  The steak was done just right and very flavorful. Loved the mashed potatoes and the broccolini.  Service was very good.  Atmosphere was okay but not special.  We will be back for the steak!Looking  for a reasonable place to grab a small bite. Tried this place out. Got the special of the day. French onion soup. Oh my gosh! Soooo good!!! Cheesy melted goodness on top. Delish onions and wine infused soup underneath. Oh man!! My sister got the steak egg rolls served with sirrache sauce.  My daughter got the baked bri. The crust was light and flakey. The raspberry sauce sweet and gorgeous. 
Loved the soft and easy mix of music. Quiet and perfect for a bit a respite on a cold rainy day.Just wandered into this place, nice setup & soothing music. Ordered the days special of Rib Eye steak with rubbed chilli sauce. It was just mind blowing :)
Even their chicken chowder soup was out of this world. A must try place. Cheers.No major complaints about the service, the ambiance, the view. I doubt I'll be suggesting anyone go out of their way to come here though. My NY strip was requested MR and came out the MW side of M. That is pretty much unacceptable in my book considering that I don't often go out looking to pay for steak.. and this is a steakhouse.
On a more positive note, the creme brulee was excellent for dessert, and my friend appeared to enjoy the sauce his mussels came in.For someone who typically does not eat red meat, Marmont Steakhouse was definitely worth the visit.  Upon entering, we were greeted and welcomed with a smile.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  
Definite must tries include: Latin Mussels, Roasted Rack of Lamb, Filet Mignon, and the Mac n Cheese.  
I will definitely be visiting soon!Stopped in for lunch on a nice Saturday afternoon. Kind of gothic looking, but oh well. Had a grilled chicken and avocado sandwich which was pretty good. It was good, glad I stopped inThis was truly a five star experience, and I was surprised that the place didn't have more patrons at 7:30 on a Thursday night, despite the closeness to the holiday or the chill in the air. 
From the moment he opened the menu, boyfriend decided we had to have a dinner of appetizers...and of course, a signature cocktail. We got about 6 things between us, including the delicious house-made bread and garlic butter. 
My favorites were the lamb lollipops (tender and perfectly seasoned) and the crab mac and cheese (can you say ooey-est gooey-est?), but everything we had was delicious. 
Our server, Madison, was a class act and made us feel right at home and like we were her only table (maybe we were?) Nonetheless, the service was quick and spot on and she gave us honest and valuable advice when it came to ordering. 
I honestly am curious about the entrees, but I was so impressed with the appetizers, I might just go back for those. 
Pro tip - you could do the baked brie for dessert!My friends and I went to Marmont for a girl's night out last weekend.  The website makes the place look much better than it actually is.  The ambiance is definitely amiss and the food was beyond average.  We each ordered steak and shared calamari.  Within 24 hours, we were ill.  Not sure if it was the hollandaise sauce or the butter, but something definitely went wrong.  It was the sickest I have been in a long time.  I would contact the owner, but I have spoken with some other locals and have read other reviews from people who mention how rude and unaccomodating the guy is.  Not sure it is worth it, since I have already wasted enough time paying for our poor dinner choice.  Needless to say, I would discourage anyone from eating at Marmont.Go on your birthday!!! They have a HUGE margarita (when you show your birthday ID) for the price of a regular margarita. You can see people's reactions when they walk by, it's awesome lol the waitress was extremely friendly and helpful. We definitely felt welcomed. Their beef rolls (forgot the name) are amazingI liked the fact that this place had such a diverse menu but still have to give it two stars.  It was late on a friday, they have outdoor seating which is great but my steak came over done.  (medium rare is not uncommon and I couldn't figure out how they messed that up)  The waitress brought our side dish pretty much after we had finished.  The wine was WAY overpriced.  And then when we got seperate checks she still ended up putting both tabs on my card.  Oh well.  Just could have been end of the night mess ups on the staffs part.  I wouldn't go back but if you go......get the mashed potatoes!  They were excellent.Don't waste your money or time!!!!! I was visiting philly from NY with my mother and wanted to have a nice steak dinner after wine tasting across the street. A guy in the wine ship told us the steaks at Marmont were good so we decided to try it boyyyyyy was that the wrong decision. 
Once we arrived we were immediately sat by the host who was very polite. Upon sitting the atmosphere was busy and a bit noisy as there was a large party celebrating an occasion over dinner. We placed our orders for the bacon wrapped filet mignon and the pepper crusted NY Strip Steak along with some sides. 
Our drinks came promptly, the food took about 40 minutes. That was a little long but expected since we ordered steaks. While we waited for our food to arrive things took a turn for the ABSOLUTE WORSE when the waiters decided to kick the large party off of their table and allow them to squeeze into their cramped bar located an arms length away from dining customers to continue the party. It suddenly turned into a frat party with intoxicated people who were still being served drinks screaming over each other and crowding around tables of people trying to enjoy their meal. 
I watched as a couple managed to get their meals down in 15 mins and promptly leave. Either way by the time we received our food I was ready to leave as none of the staff addressed this issue. They simply pushed through the crowd and continued working as if this was not a restaurant. 
The steaks were okay, just OK. They were a little over cooked and my ny strip steak was a bit salty maybe it was the crust of pepper seasoning. I wouldn't order it again...The filet was fine aside from it not being medium as requested. Once we received our food, I ignored the shortcomings of the dishes and kindly explained to our waiter that the bar shenanigans were unacceptable in a restaurant full of people spending a pretty penny on dinner. 
Instead of her immediately correcting the issue as I shouldn't have to state the obvious. She went on to tell me they were a large party celebrating as if that made it okay. After 20 minutes, more than halfway through my steak she comes back over to say the bar tender mentioned something to them although the frat party was still in full swing and she continued to serve them alcohol. 
At that point, another couple was ready to leave before ordering their main courses because of the noise and lack of management. We ended up hurrying out of there praying for the couple we left sitting next to us. 
If you like eating dinner in a frat house, go for it! I would never eat here again or recommend this place to anyone !!!!! Absolutely horrible. This restaurant needs a crash course on running a fine dining establishment based on the cost of dinner. If I went to Buffalo Wild Wings, I wouldn't even expect the nonsense that was happening that night. 
Advice to management: this is not a sports bar so treat your guests accordingly.Went there for restaurant week, I felt like I was being rushed out, we weren't even done our desserts and the waiter brings us the check. I would think for a steak place that they would know how to cook a steak to order but that is not the case. The best part was the dessert. Wish I could say that I would be back but I don't think that is going to happen.This place was recommended to us by our hotel and I'm glad we went! This place is a neighborhood gem. Nice casual bar/grill atmosphere, but the food was more like an upscale steakhouse without the upscale prices. Steaks were cooked PERFECTLY, portions were generous, and the sides (we had mashed, broccolini, and Brussels) were so FRESH , flavorful and nicely portioned. Go there hungry! Very good kids menu as well, - Mac n cheese was excellent. This place Has some funky decor going on as well- at first I thought someone went crazy with an ax to the floor... but I'm pretty sure this was all part of the charm! Hopefully we will be back in philly to visit this joint. A+.We tried this place after buying a deal through travelzoo.com. My boyfriend lives right around the corner, so we have passed it a million times, but it never caught our attention until we saw the deal online. It included two glasses of wine, a shared appetizer and two entrees. My boyfriend and I decided on the fried calamari because it is one of our favorite things to order out. The calamari came with fried jalapenos mixed in (which were awesome), but it wasn't used as a filler. There was plenty of well seasoned and breaded calamari. A lot of places won't include the tentacles, but Marmont did- they are our favorite and they were very tender!
I follow a paleo diet, so this place ended up being perfect for me (yes the breaded calamari was a bit of a cheat....) I had the porkchop which was topped with sauteed apples, onions and BACON! Yum! The chop was very moist. I was dissapointed with their side options of mashed or baked potatoes. All other sides were an upcharge. I got the roasted brussels sprouts with even more BACON! They were amazing and both portions were so big I was able to have a very satisfying lunch the next day. The bf was craving steak and he got the 14 oz strip which was cooked perfectly. He was extremely satisfied!
The service was great! The pricing seemed appropriate even without our deal, although I was a little Dissapointed with how much you had to pay to get some green on your plate ( $9 for my side of brussel sprouts!) We would definately eat here again"Had a good time. The resturant is small and can get noisey very fast when full. Unfortunately we sat by the door, whichs means every time someone left or came in, we got cold! The resturant is normally a nice quiet place to have dinner, which is romantic with a nice ambiance... But this night was not that night. We didn't get seated right away althought we had reservations, we waited for 15 mins.  The food was great, the presentation of the food was awesome! I believe this place is worth going to and the food and service is good, but it's too busy during resturant week to get the full affect of this place...Food was mediocre, service was horrible! We had a reservation however we weren't seated until an hour/hour and a half later.  By the time we finally got our food, the staff started to move the tables and turn the space into a night club, so we literally were eating on the dance floor! We had to yell over the music to have a conversation.  When we asked to speak to the manager, he immediately came to our table with a confrontational attitude and seemed unfazed by our dissatisfaction.  He even yelled at someone else in my party who told him this was unacceptable....
Absolutely horrible, will not be going back!Tried this place on a whim and have been back a few times since.  Hand cut steaks are perfectly prepared to order without the snooty prices of some of the heavy hitter names in Center City.  I've enjoyed a variety of sides, fantastically made cocktails, and a very nicely paired Malbec.  You can eat outside when the weather is nice.  Interior is dim.  Chef and staff have been very friendly.  Try it for lunch on a weekend to get some great food at a lower price!Drinks are pricey. 
Music is extra loud but played good songs.
No cover.
Cute bartenders.
Fast service. 
Strong drinks.The quality of the food was good enough but the restaurant week options were overpriced. We made reservations a week in advance and still had to wait an additional 20 minutes. Very cramped and loud. The waitress offered complimentary vegetables for the table and then charged us $9 for a cup of brussel sprouts! The drinks were weak and not worth the prices. I would not recommend this place again.My husband I went here for lunch and not only was the service really slow (think: took 20 minutes to get refills, and Diet Coke obviously needed to be changed) when our food finally arrived the chicken on my Caesar salad was either really underdone or a terrible cut of meat. Gross. Will not be returning.Food was really good. Me and my boyfriend were both really happy with our steaks, and the side dishes were also very tasty (we ordered mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese, and Brussels sprouts). The baked Brie appetizer was also good, though it had too many raisins IMO.
The service was also very good. Our waiter was attentive, and he brought our food and drinks out promptly. 
I'm giving this place four stars instead of five because the decor/atmosphere wasn't very inviting. I expect a steak house to be a little more warm and welcoming, rather than almost dingy looking.Excellent steak perfectly cooked staff was extremely pleasant the side dishes can use some work but, over all I would go back to this place even though it's very over priced for what it is. Some price adjustments or a good happy hour could help drum up business, it's in the heart of old city so that's a huge plus.I just had my 45th birthday party at Marmont last night and I couldn't have been more pleased. Let me start with booking the event, Dave (the owner) was as easy as pie to work with, he helped me with every little detail. I'm a little picky, but he as patient as could be.
Casey, helped me create a custom martini as the drink special for my party,he concocted a delectable coconut, cherry, lime martini and my guest simply loved them, let me tell you Leah-tini's are delicious! Ask for one.
The food was simply incredible! My guest feasted on three courses of hot appetizers, we had jumbo garlic fried shrimp (to die for!), calamari with jalepenos (crisp, crunchy, full of flavor), steak spring rolls (beefy, cheesy, yummy), cheese fries and Dave was nice enough to add spicy buffalo wings to my party food menu for the night. Some of my guest ordered other items as well, the crab cakes got rave reviews!
The DJ kept us dancing all night with a combination of dance music, pop music and selections from a playlist I gave to Dave, I danced almost the entire night!
Most importantly the staff was the nicest most attentive people ever, the wait staff was always smiling, full of personality and eager to please. The bar staff never had anyone wait longer than a few seconds to place thier drink order. Even the security guard was nice (big dude-I wouldn't mess with him!) but he was very kind and cordial the entire night.
You know you can have great ambiance, food and music but if the staff isn't up to par it can ruin a night. I was so lucky to have these people here catering to my guests.
This was an important birthday for me, Thank you Marmont for making it special.My friend took me here for my birthday, and EVERYTHING was AMAZING, from the appetizer to the dessert! Service was excellent! The Crab Bisque was so delicious! My steak was made to perfection, my dessert was an absolute treat!My husband and I had a voucher to use there. Lucky for us, the restaurant was completely empty on a Wednesday night. Apparently, it is just that way after NYE. I would say the food and ambiance were great and the service was good. 
For an appetizer, we had the pepper crusted filet skewers on french fries. They were really tasty, especially with the horseradish sauce. For entrees, my husband had the crispy ginger salmon with a side of risotto and I had the NY strip with a side of mashed potatoes. The salmon was extremely salty whereas the risotto was a little bland. Both were good enough, but I would expect more. My steak was great with the Port-Wine Demi Glace and the mashed potatoes were perfect. 
The reason I am not giving the full five stars is because of the service. Our waitress was very attentive, but I was a bit miffed that she put a gratuity on there for the two of us. I am sure there are some people who do not tip on the pre-discount price, but I was prepared to give her MORE than the amount she charged us. Additionally, the coffee at the end of my meal tasted like it had been there all day. It was TERRIBLE and I am not even that picky of a coffee drinker. Finally, and this is being nitpicky, I hate it when servers pick up the bill before you are ready to leave. They should wait until you are gone to pick up the signed copy of the credit card bill. It wasn't even 7:00 pm when we were done so it was not like the server was trying to leave ASAP. 
I would recommend people going here for the food and the ambiance. Don't go when it is too cold and windy though. When the door opens, the whole restaurant gets cold for a couple of minutes.Took my mother and my girlfriend here last weekend. Dominique provided excellent service, the atmosphere was nice, and the food was perfect. My Filet Mignon was seasoned to perfection, cooked perfectly, and was beyond my expectations. Perfect experience at an extremely underrated steakhouse.I wanted to try somewhere new for restaurant week, so when my BF suggested Marmont's Steakhouse I was pretty excited.  Honestly, I've walked by this stretch on Market Street a dozen times and never even noticed there was a steakhouse right there.
Marmont's has a cool vibe and a really interesting interior.  My favorite was the illuminated floor when you first walk in - very cool!  The drink listing was pretty interesting and they had some good craft beers on the list, so we went the beer route.
From the restaurant week menu, we both got the crab bisque, which was awesome.  Big hunks of crab in a delicious bisque.  If this was any indication for the rest of the meal, then we were in for a treat.  For the appetizers, we got the calamari and the cheese steak egg rolls.  I'm not really sure why there were so many compliments on Yelp for the calamari - it was fried beyond recognition.  Literally just tasted like fried batter.  Not a fan.  The cheese steak egg rolls were awesome!  I've had these several places, but Marmont's are the best I had.  So much cheese!  So good!  I highly recommend these.
Moving on to the entrees, I got the NY strip (rare) and he got the ribeye (medium).  Both steaks come out cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Absolutely fantastic!  And the portions were very generous for a restaurant week menu.  The dish came with mashed potatoes that can only be described as complete rubbish.  I just pushed them away and devoured the steak.  We were both really pleased and FULL.
For dessert, we both got the chocolate cake.  He loved it, I thought it was dry.  Whatever - it's a steak house!  I got what I wanted.
I'm not sure I'd go back to Marmont's when it wasn't restaurant week, bc it's a little pricey, but I'd definitely consider going there again if I got some sort of deal or something.  If you haven't been there, I'd suggest checking it out!Waitress forgot water after offering. 2 shots of wine for $18! Appearance was good. Food was delicious. Ordered macaroni and crab meat, didnt get the crab meat. After complaining, I got the crab meat but it was only TWO PIECES  of crab meat. 
A few drunk individuals and kids running around.
We got asked to move tables mid meal because they forgot there was a party scheduled.
$122 on a meal for two.Great steaks. Got the bone-in ribeye. It did not disappoint. Desert was also fantastic. Server was very attentive and fun.Food was great ... we ordered the surf and turf , filet, cheesesteak egg rolls, and calamari. The service was quick! I will def be coming back to this restaurant !Restaurant week: crab bisque was ok, a little artificially thick from the flour? , baked brie was good, mashed potatoes were great,  crab stuffed tilapia on risotto was really tasty, prime rib was tasty and didn't need any sauce. Chocolate cake was a little dry and not very rich but the bread pudding tasted fresh. Overall it was worth the $35Holy yum people! Stopped in for a late afternoon snack with friends. We were a little concerned by the three stars but decided the nice barker and the soothing music was enough to try an appetizer. Ordered three items: French Onion Soup, Steak Spring Rolls, and the Baked Brie. We all shared and everyone was very pleased. So much so that if we didn't already have late dinner plans with friends we would have likely stayed! Everything was well seasoned; the spring rolls crisp and the steak unicycle. We thoroughly enjoyed it all!Took boyfriend there for his birthday but steak and atmosphere is not that good.I went yesterday with a friend. We had a gourmet crab macaroni and cheese appetizer and a few drinks. She had one of the  "fruity, sweet cosmos" on the recommended drink list and I had a Jameson and Ginger. The food and drinks were great. The crab mac and cheese is a bit pricey but is also filling. It had great flavor, a good blend of cheeses, and whole lump crab meat. My favorite so far are the muscles as they give you a good amount and are decently priced. One day I will go back for the steak but I am very particular about my steak so we shall...the food was worth 5 stars. we had reservations but still have to wait an hour for a table it took smother our to have our food served.The crab bisque was amazing. Try the Penn Woods Merlot. Lovely atmosphere too. And friendly staff too.The food is delicious.  The bartenders and hosts are friendly.  Shout out to Yusef the head cook!  Food is fire!I ordered tre rib eye medium it was definatly over cooked and that's such a let down from any steakhouse  also my steak was 45$ not including any sides this place is very expensive and service was not attentive & not the most polite! The steak was delicious but for 50$ we could have went to the Brazilian steak house! Wish it was more affordable and service could be a lot better.Flash rain! Quick just get in the first place you see open! 
Man I wished we didn't come in here. Nothing about our pricey meal yelled flavor to us. But it sure did look good. Too bad for us we can't with only out eyes!  But, I do have a rule. If you finished your plate, then it's ok, life could be worse. When we got the check, I paid it fast. Too little time left tonight to spend it at some mediocre steak house.My last review of Marmont was January 2016. I was back in Philly so I was excited to go there again. The last time was such a great experience.... This time was a let down. First, it was only after I got my order that I heard the other waitress give the specials because mine did not. I got the rib eye with a side of mashed potatoes and Brussel Sprouts. The most important thing is the steak, right? I asked for medium rare it was more toward medium. Also, it could have been trimmed better. There was a fair amount of inedible grizzle that  was left behind. Also, this time the Brussel Sprouts were oversalted and the potatoes were luke warm. I wanted to send it all back, but I don't do that because I fear what I might get back. There were things that were specials that I may have ordered instead, but I was never given the opportunity. I was severely disappointed.Never order from this restaurant unless you want to risk going hungry! My family ordered from them through grubhub in advance for the food to be delivered on Christmas day at 8pm. We received a confirmation that the food was guaranteed to arrive by 8:10pm. No one from the restaurant or grubhub contacted us to let us know there was anything wrong. By 845pm we had all gathered around the dinner table and we're concerned, but decided to wait patiently. We finally got through to grubhub at 9pm and they told us the restaurant was closed the whole day and that we would need to take this up with restaurant management the next day. Marmont had neglected to update their dtatus with grubhub even though they were not open. The grubhub manager sounded confident that Marmont would comp our meal and deliver it the following day free if charge. Now, the following evening after speaking with grubhub and Marmont staff, neither entity feels the need to compensate us as customers who were left without Christmas dinner after ordering it in advance. This is the most despicable way I have ever been treated by a restaurant, and I will surely take my business elsewhere in the future. Maybe Del Friscos next holiday!For the prices a little more money needs to be invested in the environment, quality of food, and execution. The steaks were good but were room temperature. The wait staff does not know the products well enough. The execution of the dishes was mediocre at best.. The grilled vegetable kebobs were overcooked. The lobster bisque was so hot that it burnt my tongue. The sherry reduction for steaks was extremly salty and the cheesecake was horrible. In fact, the establishment should have paid us if we finished the cheesecake. 
Simply not worth the high prices as another reviewer said stick to the established steakhouses.My husband and I found this restaurant last summer during Restaurant Week and was immediately impressed by the menu and aged steak. However, every time we have gone back, I felt like the quality of the steaks were not up to par with our first visit. I do know that many restaurants choose a higher quality cut or meal to highlight during restaurant week so perhaps we had an exceptional experience. I had the NY Strip which was cooked as I requested but dry and lackluster. My husband did enjoy his ribeye but his tastes are less selective than mine. Service was a little slow but I do enjoy the ambiance.I am a pretty easy going guy that  has not forgot where I came from. I had an opportunity to give a a little guy a chance....
My first hint was that I walked into an empty restaurant. What really capped it off is that I went to the bathroom and they had no paper towels for me to dry my hands. I am a really liberal guy but I cannot pay even mediocre money for bottom level service so after I ordered a water I walked out
I really wanted to give this place a chance .This is a tiny bar that charges $30 for a filet. The food is passable but not amazing. We won't be going back because in the middle of our meal, I saw a mouse run across the floor of the dining room. 
If you're thinking of going here, I suggest going instead to one of the more well-known steakhouses in the city, where the service will be better, there will be more seating, and they would have enough pride in their business to not have mice running around.Came here for restaurant week with a very large, loud group of coworkers and we all enjoyed it!  I was a little skeptical because of some of the lower rated reviews, but I have to say, my experience was nothing but great, which is especially unusual for restaurant week when crowds are aplenty and prices go down.
The atmosphere is great - very lowlit and trendy and without being pretentious with white linen tablecloths like some of the more expensive/higher end steakhouses in the city.  Believe it or not, our experience at Marmont FAR exceeded our experience at Butcher & Singer.  (P.S. Did this used to be Red Sky?  The low lighting and arrangement of the place would indicate so).
4 courses for $35 was as follows and not one course disappointed:
Starter soup: Crab Bisque.  I usually hate cream-based soups so I eased my way into this.  Before I knew it, my bowl was gone and I was scraping at the sides for more.  It was creamy, flavorful and delectable.
Appetizer: Fried calamari.  Came in a HEFTY portion for restaurant week and was on point.  Calamari was crispy, not chewy, seasoned well, and that marinara sauce was the bomb.  I've had better in the city, but I was still very pleased.
Entree:  12 oz. NY Strip, requested medium rare.  Actually came out medium rare, which is awesome, and the char/grill/seasoning on the outside was bangin'.  Super flavorful and juicy.  Those chive/garlic mashed potatoes were heavenly.
Dessert: Bread pudding.  It came in a little ramekin and had raisins in it and was butterscotchy and caramely and crunchy and soft all at once - super delish.
Alcohol was pricey (we were treating ourselves, so I didn't care, but I was still like woops, spents more on the wine than I did on the food!  So a $35 per person came to $85 after all was said and done).  Deff worth it though since they had a really expansive wine list and our server was knowledgeable about the wines based on my preference.
Speaking of our server, she was AMAZING!  I wish I can remember her name and give her a shout-out (she was tall and had long hair, if that helps).  Not only was she SO friendly and patient with our 8 person party, but water was always refilled and we never had to flag her down once for more wine. Seriously, she made the experience that much better.
I will 100% return here if I want fancy steakhouse quality without having to dress up in fancy steakhouse attire.  Sometimes I wanna eat my steaks with jeans on, nah mean?If I could give this place less stars, I would. I had reservations for 8:00pm but they didn't even seat us until 8:45!!!!! AND they ran out of some dishes. So,  I left. Ridiculous.Made a reservation 3 weeks in advance, and waited 1 hour 5 minutes for our table. Hostesses were rude and dismissive initially. 30 minutes into our wait we asked "so can you get us a drink while we wait" and the hostess said we could go to the bar. Lightheartedly said "well I hope I won't be paying for it given I'm waiting an hour for a reservation." Hostess rolls her eyes and says "well you can tell them that." I have been to several comparably nice restaurants where hostesses are nice and apologetic if you wait for a table, and compensate appropriately. Definitely will not he returning as the food was subpar and the staff was unwelcoming, and acted as if our inconvenience was not their problem - which as I and anyone else who has worked in the service industry knows - it is. Choose another del Driscos or capital grille instead, as they are friendlier, understand the norms of customer service and have better food despite being CHAIN restaurants.My favorite steakhouse in this city, it's beyond delicious everything I've tried here trust meAs foodies living in Philly for just one year, this is our favorite return to again and again place. It is just so comfortable (think neighborhood gem), and the steaks are top notch. Brussels sprouts are delicious. Habanero sidecar drink is different and has just the right degree of kick. Lisa was our server for my husband's birthday party dinner (6 of us) in March, and she was absolutely wonderful.Sat outside for dinner, as it was a nice enough day.  DH and I shared the large cut of Ribeye, ordered medium rare.  This thick piece of meat came out and was medium rare in some parts and medium in others.  It didn't seem to be a good cut of meat as there were a lot of tough bites.  Flavor was good but just a bit too chewy and tough in many parts.  Side were pretty good though... brussel sprouts, mac&cheese, parmesan fries and mushrooms.  Nothing really wow'd me at all here, so probably would not come back.Myself and others wanted steak it was are last night in Philadelphia after a long week there with the Pope.  My hotel   recommended this place over others. What a mistake slow service. I ordered 16 Oz Ribeye it's al LA carte . It was No way this piece of steak was $ 29 it was fatty .It was cooked medium rare . At the end we all got charged a 18% gratuity everyone had a check. Thank god I don't there .The New Year's Eve menu was great. I got the filet Oscar so delish the crab meat was so succulent. My husband got the rack of lamb and the sauce it came in had me licking my fingers. And the red snapper looked great the surf n turf looked great. I loved the mash. The butternut squash soup was fantastic and the calamari was crispy and the sauce was out of this world 
We got the combo which was eat 3 course all u can drink for 180$ it was great everything the Dj was great we saw the fireworks right outside
We love the manager and the staff it was a memorable evening I will be backthe steaks are good, but the weakest entree we ordered.  the filet and steak oscar were very good, but the rack of lamb (tender and delicious) and the coq au vin were better.  
it was a friend's birthday, and based on my note on our open table reservation, they brought out a complimentary slice of chocolate cake, which was so good we ordered another for our party of four.
it is very small, and dim overhead lighting makes it feel a bit cold.  but we had lovely service and excellent food.This place was...ok. We were a group of seven there on a weekday right after the Fourth of July. We were celebrating two birthdays. The drinks were great, and while the service was sweet and attentive, it took forever to get our food. I have allergies, and when I called to make the reservation, I was told they could cook anything on the menu plain. Six of the seven in our party ordered steaks, and they were happy with them, but no one was blown away.  My husband didn't finish his, and that never happens. The sides were the hidden gem in this meal, as the risotto ( which could have been a meal in itself) was the table's favorite. I ordered salmon, no sauce, and the asparagus, also plain. Some of the best asparagus I've ever eaten, but the salmon was some of the worst. It had that fishy smell that fish isn't supposed to have (if you cook, you know what I mean by this). It then was undercooked in the middle. It was just an altogether bad dish. I left it alone, didn't bother our waitress, as it had taken so long for our food to begin with, and ate my asparagus. The birthday folk were pleased, but we won't be returning.So I stumbled into this place late night. Couldn't really get a vibe on the place either. Just came with a few friends for a quick drink.
I told the bartender to make me a good bourbon drink. The drink was ok, super spicy because he put some type of jalapeo liquor in it. 
The bartender was very nice and seemed to know his drinks. I might come back and try a steak, why not?!We went on a Friday night during restaurant week . We had a reservation for 930 for a party of 8.. we walk in and it's literally abnormally small especially  for a steakhouse I thought... we arrived on time actually and it was my best friends bday dinner. We arrived and was informed our wait would be 20mins due to (making it 950p) a party of 15 who had a 830 reservation just arriving at 930(our reservation slot) just being seated and ordering.. I thought to my self " well I'm sure it will take more than 20mins before this party would be done". We stand at the bar because even the bar was packed with others waiting for their reservations as well (parties of 2 or 3). We ordered a few drinks and once 10pm hit we asked about our seating. We were informed that it would be another 15mins putting us at 10:15p. We pass 10:15pm and we ask for a manager and we inform him of our wait and inconvenience and he appeared flustered and didn't give much of a relief about our table being ready any time soon. He stated that it's the party fault who ran a hour over their reservation and they thought they would be done quicker. We informed him that maybe they shouldn't have allowed them to be seated due to being a hour late and cutting in to our also big party reservation. 
It appeared to be a birthday dinner for the other reservation which made it even longer. Fast forward we were l seated at a smaller table (not our original table )  it is now 11:00pm and ordered our food. The staff was very apologetic and attentive after knowing how long we waited. The bartender with the glasses and dark hair (don't recall her name) even helped our waiter and tended to our every need.. the food was hot and came out quick.
Their cheesesteak spring rolls were great. I also had them lobster bisque we asked for crackers or bread in which the waiter stated that had mine in the house. Why wouldn't bread be offered or crackers with soups , thumbs down for that. 
The seafood Mac was a disappointment to say the least. It was starchy and thick sauce based with a crumb topping. The noodles and severely thick sauce over powered the seafood. I wanted to like it bad. The Marmount salad was the best part of the courses offered.. loved it . My main course was the lobster ravioli.. not bad but the sauce again was thick and not much flavor.. the dessert was subpar.. the bread pudding appeared ore made and over cooked or reheated too many times due to being the end of the night. The chocolate cake was dry and not sweet.. everyone who had the steak had nothing but great compliments. 
Check in here on the yelp app and you get a free signature cocktail .. thumbs upThe ribeye steak and mashed potatoes were fantastic. I would also highly recommend their potato soup or crab bisque. Wonderful!
Waitstaff was friendly and prompt, but I can't comment on the inside of the restaurant as we dined outside. It was a beautiful night and an excellent dinner!I think this is my new favorite place in Old City. Our server Lisa was great very attentive. I started with the Brie that was fantastic. The filet mignon was cooked perfectly. The ambiance is really nice for conversation. I walked past this place so many times and had no idea what a gem it is! I can't wait to go back and I highly recommend it.I got my monthly steak fix here while watching a football game on TV. TV and steak house are not a common combination, but at least for me it worked that night. I would not have walked in if they hadn't had the game on. 
The steak was very good. The wine was excellent. Service was attentive. Soul is happy. Wallet is empty.Writing this review from our table. We ordered crab Mac & cheese that had no crab in it.  The cowboy steak I ordered medium was well done in parts medium in others, and even rare in some sections.   The bread we ordered was literally burnt on the bottom. Only reason this isn't 1 star is because believe it or not I've experienced worse than this *edit* no this place is the worstNice place with great service , food and drinks.  I had a Cucumber Gin and Tonic that was outstanding and the Tri Tip Steak Salad.This was the best dinner I've had in years! I ordered the 8 oz filet mignon and it was cooked to perfection. I enjoyed the a la carte options which nicely complemented the entree. Our server, Orlando, was simply awesome!The food is delicious.  The bartenders and hosts are friendly.  Shout out to Yusef the head cook!  Food is fire!Went to Marmont Saturday night with my Girlfriend, who was celebrating her 42nd birthday. Had reservations for 7, but didn't need them. The crowd was sparse. 
The hostess had an annoying demeanor about her- sort of condescending, speaking in an unnatural manner as if we were beneath her. 
We were both anxious to try the crab bisque soup, which we read many rave reviews about. We both looked at each other and said "I've had better." When you hear that many glowing reviews and it doesn't live up to the hype, you wonder what planet the other reviewers live on (reminds me of the big disappointment Federal Donuts.)  It was OK. That's all. The best bisque I've had in town, BTW: Seafood Bisque at Bistro Romano, though they rarely seem to have it.
Our main courses were vastly better. I had a New York Strip with a blue cheese butter topping. It was a la carte, so I ordered a side of mashed potatoes for $3 extra- not unreasonable at all. The steak was very good- a good piece of meat. I mixed some of the blue cheese butter with the potatoes, and it was delicious. My GF got the Filet Oscar, which was a filet mignon with crabmeat, asparagus, and hollandaise sauce on the side. She was very pleased with her selection, and ate it all. 
We both commented that, while the bisque was a letdown, the main course made up for it. We would go back to Marmont, though we're not falling over ourselves to do so.I had a very excellent ribeye for a reasonable price.  Also had the crab mac and cheese. This Mac and cheese dish was good but not great. Friendly staff. I think this place turns into a night hang out spot, so do not expect this place to be your old school steakhouse.  Overall I had a good experience here.Amazing! Wouldn't recommend the petit filet (it was good, just not as good as everything else I tried) but everything else I had was so amazing (definitely try the lobster!)! Also one thing I have to mention (which actually isn't a very helpful comment haha) is that this restaurant smells like heaven! And the tasty food definitely does the smell justice. Right off of market street and in such a fun area I would absolutely recommend this tiny haven! With fun, and not-too-loud jazz music (we were sitting right next to the band and were still able to have easy conversation), I loved this place's ambience. Great find!Outstanding filet, perfect risotto, and excellent service made this a great experience. I was unsure of this place, as I came very early for dinner, but it was a pleasant surprise. I would recommend this to anyone.My boyfriend and I ate here for restaurant week. He wanted to go to Amada, but I insisted upon a steakhouse because I'm not too into Spanish Tapas. We had walked by here many times (we love Franklin Fountain), but never noticed it. The restaurant week  menu was great- 4 courses with very good selections.  We were both very pleased with all four courses, which included cheesesteak spring rolls, lobster bisque, steaks, and desserts (bread pudding and chocolate cake). The server was very pleasant and quick. The atmosphere was nice, we sat right by the window. It was a nice trendy place. Overall, we were very pleased and we found it to be a good restaurant week selection. Might Amada have been better? Absolutely, but this was a great choice for a good value during restaurant week!I was in the mood for a laid back dinner.  It was Thursday early evening (I had an 8:30 reservation) but there was a wedding engagement party present and I was seated by the kids table.  They weren't too bad at first but after a while they got pretty restless, needless to say...
The meal was good for the most part.  I ordered the Filet Oscar which seems to be the specialty.  I don't eat uncooked meat so I asked for it well done.  Unfortunately this is yet another restaurant that seems to think that well done means cooked dry & slightly burnt.  They asked if they could filet it and I concurred.  I've cooked plenty of steaks (including filet mignon) myself well-done without burning it and while still keeping it juicy. I don't know why trained chefs can't seem to do the same.  
Anyway, other than those things I can see how this would be an enjoyable place.  The only other fault I had was with the bathrooms.  The stairs are pretty steep and the restrooms weren't cleaned very well (or perhaps not regularly).  A steakhouse should not have bathrooms smelling of urine.
I will try the restaurant again, I do believe in giving second chances.Good service and amazing food would highly recommend the filet. The sea salt on the fries were delightfulThis place has excellent service, wonderful food and a fun atmosphere!
Everything I have ever had has been cooked correctly and delicious.
The cocktails are not over priced like most in Philadelphia.  A yummy martini
runs about $8.  Try the Ruby Red Champagne Cosmo!  You'll go back for that 
alone!  
I will continue to spend my hard earned money here.Fantastic! The crab bisque is full of crab and delicious. Ordered the steak with crab on top and it was wonderful and beautifully prepared. My boyfriend is very specific about having a VERY rare steak- ordered the cowboy rib eye and it was cooked perfectly! Brussels sprouts are so tasty. Atmosphere is great, waitstaff is top notch. Definitely going to come back and highly recommend.Just got into Philly for a work trip and stumbled on this place.  Good food, good service.  Scallop special was very good.This place is great! The food is awesome and the servers are very friendly. I will definitely be coming here again and supporting this local business over the national chain steakhouses that everyone seems to think is the only place you can get a great meal.A Groupon discovery.  We used a Groupon special my husband bought a few months ago, tonight on a Saturday. We had reservations for 6:30 and we were seated immediately.  While being shown to our table, I requested a four top and was happily shown to a very nice table.  Immediately they got 5 stars from me for service!!!  My husband and I enjoy sitting next to each other when we can be accommodated and it was a treat tonight.  The restaurant filled up quickly soon after.
The simple decor and lack of warmth are deceiving.  I was surprised that it is a steakhouse with painted black walls throughout with one large metal sign "S & H Green-stamps", (Surely a collectible). Simple wood tables (maybe veneer) and black vinyl  upholstered seating.
The bar looks kind of cheesy but offers top shelf liquor; drinks are pricy, my raspberry Cosmo was $13.50 and my husbands Macallan was $16.25. Pours are exact. 
My fillet was "sensational" and cooked perfectly. A selection of several steak sauces are made to order. My husband had their NY Strip which he finished!  The menu is  la carte - $32.00 for the small fillet, served with the tiniest sprig of parsley.  But no denying meat was delicious!
Recommendations for Marmont Steakhouse and bar, TABLE LINENS ARE A MUST!  The condensation of all our beverages ran off the table right towards our laps.  My husband asked for an extra napkin and placed it under his setting as a place mat. Tablecloths are important, especially at a steak house and definitely at any establishment where the average bill will be over $100.   A candle or flower on the Table will go a long way helping create a comfortable atmosphere!
Random FYI...the restaurant is comfortable and easily accessible for anyone with disabilities.  The rest rooms are down a steep flight of stairs with a banister. The ladies room needs a good ceiling to floor cleaning. ( no amenities again I would expect in keeping with the price of this restaurant)
Our bill was $78 above the $100.00 Groupon voucher, for overage - no coffee or dessert. That included a 18% gratuity automatically added but well worth it.  Very good service.Since I never write reviews. I'll just say the food here was outstanding! and that is all anyone needs to know about a restaurant, am I right? I do not need to know,nor, do I care about anything else. This little known gem was delicious. went with a party of 6, shared a bunch of apps...calamari, cheeses steak spring roll, to name a few. DELICIOUS.. all were happy with their entrees, I had a simple roasted chicken breast with mushroom risotto. OUTSTANDING..
tasted better than my meal at Lacroix 2 weeks ago.My reservation was at 9pm ... Didn't get seated until 9:45pm .... Waitress is not friendly .... Was asked to leave ASAP after we paid cause there was another big party waiting and the manager wanted our table .... 
Food wise was okay ....came for restaurant week ... Had the crab bisque .... It bit too sweet ... The potato soup was better .... Egg roll cheese steak was kinda bland and watery and oily .... The calamari was okay ...I had better ones ....the 12 oz steak was good according to my date ...my stuffed talapia with crab was pretty good ... Dessert was bread pudding and chocolate cake which was okay too ... Overall ... I would NOT COmE BaCK ..!!!!Went looking for a place to eat on a random Thursday with a friend. It was a beautiful day outside and I couldn't stand to sit indoors. Walking down market street this place caught our eye and looking at the menu I was excited for mussels and the special on Stella Artios sweetened the deal.
The server was very good. She was on top of her game and we were never wanting for anything. The butter that is served with the bread was to die for. I typically don't load up on bread but whatever they have going on in that butter had me hooked. 
The mussels Provencal were pretty good, but not outstanding. I am glad I got them and they filled my need (and my belly - it was a LOT of mussels) but I wouldn't rush back for them. My friend really enjoyed his steak. 
Overall a good experience and definitely worth another visit to try something different and see if they can earn themselves another star (or 2).went there valentines day,  after confirming by email that the regular menu would be available on valentines day, i get there and there is only a prix fix menu. when i tell server that i emailed  about regular menu being available , was told no only prix fix.  could be one of the reasons that restaurant wasnt full on valentines day at 6-7pm. food was ok,  service fair, not much atmosphere.Went here tonight for restaurant week, this place is great..I ordered crab bisque as my appetizer which was full of crab meat,2nd course- fried calamari, 3rd course- NY strip steak served with mashed potatoes and the homemade chocolate cake for dessert. The food was delicious drinks were also great I had I white whiskey lemonade  and a mangotini. Food, drinks and service were awesome!Amazing meal and service!! They serve Certified Angus Beef which is THE BEST!! We had steaks which were cooked to perfection, sides of roasted veggies, amazing. Service over the top!! Drinks delicious! This is one of the hidden gems of Philly! Look forward to returningWe never got the opportunity to find out how the food was due to the absolutely awful service. My wife and children took me out for my birthday and wanted to try someplace new. We made a reservation and understandably there was a delay on a Saturday evening. However the staff seemed ill-prepared for this and no apology was made. Well I cannot give a review of the entire crew as I only spoke to the hostess. As I was asking what the timetable was another guest came up and interrupted to question if she worked there. The hostess turned and answered yes how may I help you sir. When I asked if she could answer my question I received what I could only equate to a roll of the eyes and a return to her other conversation. Needless to say I was more than unnerved and asked for a manager who after 10 minutes never appeared. Needing to get something to eat and not ruin the remainder of our evening, we ventured elsewhere to get something to eat, very dissatisfied. The young lady nearly ruined my evening.We found this place on Yelp. We were just looking for a good steakhouse and this place for the bill. Cool atmosphere, great apps, and of course a fantastic steak. Definitely would recommend.Went here with my boyfriend on nye had an app but had to wait a little over 30 minutes to be seated but when we were seated we got a seat right in front of the door which was opened every 2 minutes letting in a very cold breeze making it impossible to enjoy our meal or date which sucked considering the bill was over 80 dollars the food did taste good tho not anything amazing I'd return here if I requested a specific seat and the prices were a bit cheaperThe food was ok, came in around 730 with a larger party and was completely rushed out the door. The server was incredibly rude, I would not recommend this restaurant to others.Marmont is one of the cheaper steak houses (Steaks @ $31 or less) in town, so if you looking for some place to go and get some meat without spending a ton, this is a good place to go.
I had the NY Strip.  I requested it medium-rare and got what I asked for.  In addition, all of their steaks come with a side and a choice of sauces and meat preparation flavoring.  These are luxuries that are unheard of at some 'finer' steak restaurants.  My date had the fillet mignon medium-well and found that it was slightly overcooked.
I also had the soup special for the night (sweet potato soup with leaks) and it was delicious.  At $9 it was a bit pricey, but it was a special evening out so I didn't mind.
Since our server was so delightful and attentive, we actually looked at the dessert menu and ordered the Molten Chocolate Cake.  It was a delicious chocolate cake with a hot liquid chocolate center and a scoop of vanilla ice cream in top to cool down eat bite.  Be aware (not beware) that this takes 10 minutes to prepare, so order it in advance if you know that you want it.
Watch out on a cold day not to sit near the door as the draft is very noticeable and there is no foyer or curtain to cut back on the cold breeze.  The interior decor is trendy and feels almost at the end of the line for a trend from several years ago: dark fabrics and paint with mirrors on the walls, dim lighting. 
There was a good selection of wines, but there wasn;t any draft beer (only bottles and cans).  The dress code is business casual/urban-chic, although most nights the place has a DJ starting late night, so jeans will start to show up half way through a late dinner.Restaurant was recommended by the concierge at the downtown Marriot. We walked all the way there in the cold and almost didn't go in because there was no one inside. Good thing we decided to go in because the medium rare steak I ordered had to be one of the top five steaks I've ever had. They sear the steaks first and then toss them into an oven on a cast iron skillet. I also had a side of brussel sprouts with bacon that was fantastic.
Will likely visit this place again when I return to Philly just for steak.Dinner was amazing. We tried it all: crab bisque, mussels, marmont ribeye, mushrooms, cowboy ribeye topprd with crab, mashed potatoes, risotto, bread, drinks. Everything was FANTASTIC. Our server Lisa was spot on with her recommendations and friendliness. This place ranks amongst the top of my list for a fantastic steak dinner!The ceasar salad with salmon is excellent. Salmon is very fresh and the drink specials aren't bad- $3 Coronas!This is my first review and fourth time coming to this establishment and I loved it every time. The food and drinks are excellent. I have noticed the menu  changes (possibly seasonally), but there is always something to enjoy. The food is artistically arranged on the plate and is filling. I have made reservations and there were times when I have not and there is never a problem. Nice ambiance for a date, cozy and romantic.been here many times since my first visit back in 2008( my girlfriend at the time loved it). customer service has ALWAYS been top notch, and the food is ALMOST always top notch. Is it the best steak ive had in the city? no. but it is definetly better than most without the extreme prices. i would recommend this place to anyone looking a nice night out at a small steakhouse.We dined here on 09/15/14 during restaurant week with our three nieces.
First of all, it should be called Marmont Bar and Restaurant, not the other way around.
Pros:
* Our waitress, Lisa, was friendly, knowledgeable, great with follow-up and offered spot-on drink recommendations.
* Crab Bisque Soup was solid. Creamy and Buttery Texture with shredded crab meat and perfect portion size.
* Marmont Salad was stepped up a notch by the addition of a lovely poppy-seed vinaigrette that was delicious. Lovely combination of mixed salad greens, sliced granny smith apples, strips of smoked gouda cheese and toasted almonds.
Cons:
* With 60F temperatures in the evening, I would have thought they would have closed the large, floor to ceiling windows at the front of the restaurant. It was BRRRR Chilly!
* Stairway leads to bathrooms was a typical Philly row home basement stairway: narrow, steep as hell with tiny steps. OK, no big deal, I can handle this, even in my 3" heels. What was appalling was the stench of urine that smacked you in the face midway down those steps. Think subway tunnels in the middle of a heat wave type stench. It was ungodly to say the least. 
* The (2) steaks that were on the restaurant week menu (12 oz rib eye and 12 oz NY strip) were cooked properly and were decent. Not the type of steaks we normally find in a place calling themselves a STEAKHOUSE. They were average.
* Additional Side Dishes were what I would consider expensive at $8-$9 a pop. For a large order of asparagus that consists of 5 stalks? Really? Veggie Kabobs that were on the grill forever and a day, shriveled to no end? Really?
* Desserts that were on the restaurant week menu were homemade chocolate cake and bread pudding. Everyone ordered the chocolate cake except me. I ordered the bread pudding. Chocolate cake tasted like it was purchased at the local Acme, cut into squares and left out on the counter for a few days to get stale...THEN placed (or should I say throw) on the plate to be served. Bread Pudding was burnt. No ifs, ands, buts about it.
Did I complain? No. Waitress was busting her ass and was 8+ months pregnant, I honestly felt bad and didn't want to burden her more. 
Will I return. No.
As always, this is my experience and my opinion only.I haven't been for dinner. I have only been to the bar. Their drinks are okay and their  prices  are terrible. Go to Plough or Cuba Libre where you actually get something for your money.This is one of the most amazing steak houses I have eaten. The food is absolutely tasty. The atmosphere is peaceful. My favorite thing to order when I go is the cheesesteak eggrolls. The crab macaroni and cheese is to die for. We will definitely be back again!Went here a couple days ago with my brothers.  Our waiter was very attentive and overall the food was good.  My suggestion is that the sides that you can order with the a la carte steaks are pretty big portions.  After receiving ours we realized that we could have easily split one side between two people.  Hardly a bad thing, just something to take note of if you want to get your money's worth.I was very pleased with my experience here. My meal was delicious and the atmosphere was very trendy without being obnoxious. 
Great quality food and attention to detail. The price is also right on point.
My only compliant was our service. For the price of the meal, I wish we had someone more personable and someone that knew how to do their job appropriately. Small things, like remembering our drink orders, refills, and checking on the quality of our meal never happened. 
I'd go back, I just hope they get better staff.My boyfriend and I came in and had a great time. The services was exceptional, so pleasant and seemed to happy to be there. I loved the crab cake and the filet was so tender! I will def go back! Oh, and the chocolate covered strawberry special was to die for!Came here during Restaurant Week Winter Edition 2017. Keep in mind that they offer 12 oz size portions of steak during Restaurant week as opposed to their 16 oz portion size on their regular menu. In fairness, our meal was delicious, the steak was cooked the way we wanted it. However, the restaurant needs renovation badly. The bench seats are worn out and needs to be upholstered. The flooring design seems not to go well with the place, specially when your meal is very expensive. They have no coat racks, coat closet or coat checks. It is not handicap accessible. Street metered parking is available if you can find one, or resort to garage parking. Our server was pleasant and knowledgeable, and was able to answer my questions in regards to Restaurant Week promotion rules.Came here with friends on restaurant week and was thrilled! The price on restaurant week is great, so I'm not sure what their prices are otherwise. But as for the food - everything was delicious! The calamari was amazing! And obviously so was the steak. We all thoroughly enjoyed our meal - we'll definitely be back!Exceptional quality of steak & high level of service from the wait staff.  Went with lightly seasoned house rib eye.  The chef also pays attention to the side dishes:  mashed potatoes done right and perfectly cooked asparagus (not over done or over seasoned).Food good...many other items need improvement.  I am far from a food snob and have eaten at this restaurant several times for dinner.  Each of those times I thought the food was excellent from the bread to the medium rare filet.  I did notice on these previous visits the service lacked a real feeling of attention and the bathroom is in rough shape at best, both cleanliness and the actual finishing of the bathroom (paint, fixtures, etc).
Today I went for lunch and it will be my last trip.  I ordered a diet coke and after taking one sip realized immediately this was not really diet coke.  I usually drink a beer or wine when i eat dinner and I asked the waitress for a water explaining it tasted weird and she responded it was not really diet coke.  Some kind of other cola, who the hell knows.  No biggie even though I don't know why many Philly restaurants like to do this instead of just serving diet coke, they wouldn't dream of doing that with a beer or wine.   Also, I get restaurants want to have an original and non-chain feel and one way they do it is to have paper menus. That's great but mine was wrinkled, had writing, some kind of stain, etc.  If you're not going to change them regularly then bite the bullet and provide clean laminated ones like Chilis or Applebee's.
I ordered a steak with mushrooms explaining I didn't want the frites (how fancy...groan) that come with the lunch steak.  I expected there would be an up charge.
My steak comes and I remind waitress I never received water and enjoyed my steak.  It was well cooked and tasted great.
My bill comes and was shocked, there's my $3 diet coke, that wasn't diet coke, and they charged me $9 for the mushrooms.  Ok...now I think this is a minor substitution for the frites and expected I would pay.  I would have even been on if I had paid the full lunch price for this as a side, which is $6.  Not the $9 I was charged.
In the end just not impressed.  I paid my bill and left.  This will be my last trip to Marmont.  The food is good and honestly a good value, but the other parts if the experience make it a poor choice in my opinion.  I guess the moral of the story is hit one of the better steakhouses and pay an extra $20 if you want an attentive server, the drink you ordered, and a clean bathroom.Have been back time and again, and Marmont continues to please. Perfectly done steaks, wonderful sides (mushrooms, Brussels sprouts, mashed potatoes), great service, and my kind of environment (neighborhood casual). We have taken others, who still talk about the steaks, mushrooms, and mushroom soup).  Bartender is willing to do a very good approximation of the habanero sidecar no longer on the drink menu. Our most recent visit was with friends this past Saturday. We had a leisurely 2 1/2 hour meal and were never made to feel like we should leave. Music playlist (60s, 70s, jazz) was great background (loud enough to enjoy, quiet enough to talk). I just love this place!Had a great dinner last night. The restaurant is right on Market and had a valet right out front for $14 (well worth it when the wind chill is 12 degrees). 
We arrived early and enjoyed a cocktail at the bar. (If you check-in on Foursquare, they have a "but 1 cocktail, get one free" coupon you unlock on your first visit -- although the bartender interestingly told us that it was per person - meaning I had to buy 2 drinks and my wife 2 drinks in order to use it....I couldn't use it to buy myself 1 drink and her 1 drink - little odd - but no matter). THe Restaurant's temperature varies GREATLY! Tables near the front door receive a cold breeze every time the door opens - on the other end - tables in the back of the restaurant near the kitchen were VERY warm. The atmosphere is nice - simple, modern, vintage. Everything echos, so it is loud, but the noise offered nice privacy for the close seating. 
We had a TravelZoo coupon that we purchased and informed our waiter when we were seated. He was great about talking us through how we could use it and its limitations. There is a nice variety of both beer and wine -- we sampled a variety of both and our waiter made some great suggestions -- bringing a sample of each recommendation for our approval. 
The menu has a tremendous variety - listing everything from meatloaf to rabbit to lobster and steak.We ordered the steak rolls in the spicy ketchup - we were a little disappointed with them as they were essentially cheese steaks in a roll - would not order again. 
For dinner, we ordered the filet oscar (filet with crab meat and asparagus over mashed potatoes) and a filet and lobster surf and turf. The food came hot and in a good size (you get what you pay for). Be warned that the steaks are VERY seasoned. My wife had some trouble with the amount of pepper, but used a side of mashed we got for thet able to help. She also ordered the Mushroom risotto (and loved it). 
Dessert we got the buttercream cake (delicious). 
From start to finish - we were happy, never felt rushed, and the staff was great. Total time there - about 1.5 hours.As cities evolve and change over time so does the restaurant scene.  These folks bill themselves as the only steakhouse in Olde City.  While that may be technically true it doesn't mean anything for two reasons.  First, there are several steakhouses within walking distance and of course many others in the city.  Philly is well known as a steakhouse town.  Second, the steakhouse scene has raced by these folks and left them in the dust.  
If I'm discussing the finer steakhouses in town these guys aren't even on my list.  Union Trust, B&S, Davio's, Capital Grill etc. are all better establishments.  And there are others.  Don't get me wrong, you can have an OK steak here.  You'll pay almost as much as the finer places and eat your OK steak in a much lesser atmosphere.  
If you're a carnivore looking for dinner and willing to pay serious $$$ for a serious slab of meat, go elsewhere.  One positive worth mentioning is they put together a decent lunch.Marmont is in a great location in Olde City and it's interesting to see a steak house there.   The atmosphere was pretty casual for a steak house, which I found to be appealing.  The front door barely closes and every table in the front was cold (people were wearing jackets).  However, after a drink you couldn't notice.
The service was okay.  Nothing to complain about but expected a little better for a $200 meal for two.
The drinks were well made and boozy.  The food was a good but nothing extra ordinary.  The steaks both came out medium when we asked for medium rare but the cut of meat was great.  The crab Mac and cheese was really delicious.
The management was not that great.   They refused to let us use a coupon printed off their site with a gift card.  Gift Cards are cash... Not an offer or promotion.   Very unprofessional.
Overall... an average steak house with great drinks in Olde City.The crab bisque....OMG! Do I need to say more?!!?
I don't have to, but I will. Small local place that I checked out during restaurant week this winter. Food was pretty good - except the crab bisque, that was fantastic! Downside, the restaurant is so small that if you sit in the front half, expect to get a gust of frigid air everytime the front door opens. I'd go again.This was my first time visiting and from the moment we walked in to the moment we walked out we were extremely happy. The hostess greeted us with a smile and even smiled through me moving tables 2 times. Our server Emily was a pleasure; always making sure everything was ok. The manager Samuel took the time to meet with all the parties and that is something rare in restaurants these days. The food was outstanding, served hot, fresh and delicious. I can't wait to go back. Thank you for a wonderful restaurant experience.We came here for Philly Restaurant Week, and we were not disappointed.  The soups (crab bisque and potato) were fantastic and flavorful.  The cheesesteak egg rolls and Marmont salad were a great second course.  Our steaks were cooked to perfection, and dessert was a delicious finish.  The place is a little small, so I'd recommend reservations.  I'd definitely go back.Horrible service! Went today based on a previous experience at the bar that was great. I came back for the crab Mac and cheese which as I remembered was pretty decent, and the cheesesteak egg rolls which were great. To make a long story short, they were out of egg rolls this time which was completely out of my servers hands so I understand, but he didn't tell us until 10 mins AFTER we ordered them. Strike 1, but still not a big deal. I ordered the crab Mac and cheese which is an app, he asked if we wanted the small or large portion, I didn't remember it being a question before and it didn't state size options on the menu but I decided to go for the large. Of course 30 minutes later ( I kid you not, it was a half hour) we were brought out Mac and cheese from another server. Not crab Mac, but a large side of Mac. We asked the hostess if this was the crab Mac Bc we didn't taste any crab and she stated, " oh i don't know, I'm sorry I'm just a host". we flagged our server down and he said oh I'm sorry stuttered for a minute and then said he would bring out the side of crab. Another 10 minutes he states here's your crab meat nice and hot, and it was a bowl of COLD lump crabmeat. By this time I almost wanted to rip his head off so I requested a takeout box and the check. He looked at me like he'd never heard of a take out container for a full minute and then finally said he'd be back. Fast forward to a full 15 MINUTES and I finally asked the host to please get a container and the check because I was beyond ready to go. She then went and found our server and he magically appeared with the check and box within a minute. The service was so unbelievably bad that I almost considered leaving an actual tip on customer service instead of cash but I couldn't bring myself to do so. I won't be returning, not only was this server unbelievably bad, but the food that I was expecting and thought I remembered was sub par. We ended up next door at big ass slice.Had the steak with shrimp and ginger topping,  was fantastic especially when combined with the mushroom side.    Wait staff was courteous and friendly.    Will definitely be back.  Thank you!A group of friends and I came here for restaurant week. We were drawn to Marmont because they offered 4 courses instead of the usual 3 and they had a 12oz steak for the entree.
We were seated quickly, before our reservation, and our waitress was pretty attentive and made sure our water was always filled.
The soups and appetizers were solid. The only suggestion was that the cheesesteak spring rolls were more like egg rolls and could use more cheese. 
When our steaks came out, 3 of us asked for medium and the other two medium rare. The medium rare steaks were cooked perfectly. However, 2 of the medium steaks were red all the way through, which makes them medium rare. Worried about what people do to food once it gets sent back, we didn't say anything. 
Yelp has a check in offer for a free signature cocktail from 10pm to 2am with any purchas. It states one per person and didn't mention any exclusions. However, when we tried to use it, our waitress said it didn't apply during restaurant week and we didn't push it any further.
During the dessert course, a member of our group looked at the painting on the wall behind the registers and saw a bug. After looking for  moment, we realized it was a cockroach as we saw it scurry all over the wall. Definitely a downer and grossed us all out. 
They started at 4 stars but -1 star for not honoring the yelp checkin and -2 stars for the bug. Overall, we wouldn't come back, just from the bug alone!I'll get right to the point, the steaks? Absolutely delicious. It puts other steakhouses to shame. Well cooked and seasoned just right. Does not come with a side but you can add from the options. I had the broccoli, which let me say was very tasty. It was cooked with a little butter and it just complimented the dish so well. The service wasn't too bad, we did come when it was less busy and didn't have to wait for a table. The place was very small but had enough seating for a few parties. Overall, steaks are a must and well worth it at their price.Bad from start to finish, which is sad since Marmont came highly recommended. We were a small table - just three of us - and the restaurant was practically empty, but the hostess sat us right next to the stinky bathrooms.
Food: Steaks are in the $30 range, and sides are extra.  Food is plated without care; my fillet was literally dropped in the middle of a big white plate and looked unappetizing.  I ordered the fillet, medium rare, and the mushroom risotto. One of my friends ordered a large steak and baked potato. My other friend had the surf and turf, lobster tail and fillet - medium. She also asked for a baked potato.  Regardless of how we ordered our steaks, everyone received rare. Everyone's baked potatoes were so cold they couldn't melt butter.  My risotto was overcooked - it was a soggy congealed mess.
My friend had the biggest issue with her surf and turf and had to send it all back, potato included.  The lobster tail was tasteless and rubbery.  Her steak was served bleeding rare. When she asked the waiter to fix it, he took it away for a few minutes and returned it no less rare.  Upset and dejected, she ate dinner bread and garlic butter.  
Service: Our unprofessional and absentminded waiter left our drinks empty, a request for more sauce went unanswered, we were overcharged for our drinks ($18 for $11 Chimays), and the checks were all kinds of screwed up.  
Management: Good management can overcome a lot of problems, so we had hope when the manager came over that he would assist my friend who sent back the surf and turf since our waiter was completely inept.  However, that experience was the most disappointing. He had an entirely blase attitude. We had a bad dinning experience? Oh well.
Atmosphere: Overpriced Hipster Applebees.
Price: My meal cost $70.Found this place on a weekday visiting Philly for work. Ordered the Surf and Turf with steak and brazilian lobster. Overall the steak was excellent, the lobster was just ok. The service took longer than usual, even though it wasn't crowded. A bit on the pricey side, and entrees are smallish and don't come with any sides.The food was very good,  had the cheesesteak special & the wife had the rib eye steak,  both were very good.  The service was also very good,  friendly staff that were on top of everything.  A decent enough beer selection,  however it would have been nice to see some local craft fav's on tap (no draft beer only bottles).  All n all though, great food and great service,  you can't go wrong w/ that combo.  I would def. make a return trip to Marmont,  cheers.Overall good experience. The steaks had great flavor and were perfectly cooked. My only gripe is with Yelp. We made our reservation via the app only to find out that the restaurant does not have an account with them.The service was fine and the ambiance was nice. I will say that pound-for-pound you get what you pay for at Marmont, but it might not be what you want. This place proves taht there is such a thing as too much good food. Everything on their menu is absurdly large and the flavors are obscured by the endless portions. There are no small plates available and nothing is really shareable apart from the appetizers which are ridiculously small. We were unhappy that the smallest and least expensive steak on the menu was still huge and $37. My wife ordered a side of asparagus and out came asparagus about the size of whole carrots. None of us could finish any of our meals. It felt like a terrible waste of food and money and we went home feeling gross, wishing we'd gone anywhere else.The food at Marmont was still excellent, and our server was once again very attentive and helpful. But they really need one of those extra cold weather doors, because anytime someone came or left I thought we were going to freeze. I don't think I'll go back there until the weather gets warmer.Excellent filet and mashed potatoes! Steak was cooked perfectly, potatoes were creamy and flavorful. Our waiter was very attentive, we never had to look for him. The restaurant had a nice ambiance. Would definitely return next time we visit the city.No idea why this place shows up on Yelp as having a late night menu? 
Folks do not be confused, even if you book a reservation on open table & even if you look at their nicely done website that posts a late night menu it's a scam!!
The kitchen closes at 11pm, save yourself the hassle & go down the street to the Continental.Fantastic. Filet Mignon with blue cheese crumbles and carmelized scallions was delish. Sides of broccolini and mushrooms were excellent. Bananas Foster for dessert completed a wonderful meal. Bartenders were very helpful finding us delicious cocktails and craft beers to match our palette. Worth the trip!Mistake mistake mistake. This place was virtually empty on a Saturday night. There is a reason for that. One of the most bland and mushy burgers that I've ever had and the crab cake was tiny and overpriced. $1.50 extra for BBQ Sauce. 19% gratuity was added in when the bill was only $36... kind of insulting, but I guess they get a lot of drunk people walking out without tipping (for good reason). Awful.My husband and I have been coming here for over 7 years and have only once had a "ok" time, otherwise this restaurant has always been spot on! And although their kitchen and wait staff has turned over a few times in those years, we have found a lovely waitress, Lisa, who has always taken exceptional care us!  I am happy to say that this establishment remains to be one of my favorite.
Items to definitely try: Lamb Lollipops, Filet Oscar, Mussels in RedThe food was delicious and the service was impeccable! Strongly recommend this steakhouse. .... and the server Dan provided EXCELLENT service4 of us came here for dinner on Friday night 9/20 during restaurant week. Walking in I was shocked by how small this place was. There are about 7 or 8 tables only. The place consists of one open room, with a bar on the side. The dcor was not anything fancy. We had to wait for about 30 minutes for or table, which is expected during restaurant week. We ordered from the pre set menu. I started with the crab bisque soup. On the plus side it did have a lot of crab meat, but was very watery. A bisque should be thick. I was not impressed. Next up was the fried calamari. The pieces were the size of nickels! I have never seen such small pieces of calamari. All I could taste was the batter. Very unimpressed. At this point I am just hoping the steak would be good, because this is a steakhouse after all. My NY strip comes out, and it is raw. I ordered medium rare, and if it is a little on the rarer side, I don't mind. But this was literally raw in the middle. I would have complained, but by the time the waitress came by, it wasn't worth the effort. We also ordered a large Mac n cheese for the table. This was made with rigatoni noodles and in a "cheese" sauce that was more like milk. It was liquid. We actually scooped it out with a spoon. Out of 4 steaks, 3 were all under cooked. That is unacceptable for a steakhouse that charges those prices. Thank God this was restaurant week and only cost us $35 each. Do not come here for a steak. There are way too many other places, similarly priced that are 100 times better. I would say this place looks like fun after 10, as it becomes more of a bar than restaurant.The food is overpriced, the drinks are small, and the staff is very slow. We ended up being there longer than we wanted to. Not a terrible place but I will not be going back.Amazing rib-eye.  Hand carved steaks.  Got the best rib bone.  Blackened and medium rare plus.  One of the top 3 steaks I've had and definitely recommend.First things first, it's not a great place for a groups. I don't know if it's cause we had an odd number or such but the table was quite small for 11 people but that's could be our fault as well. I came here for restaurant week and none of the food I ordered was impressive at all. My boyfriend and I were sharing dishes so I was able to try the majority of the dishes listed on the restaurant week menu. We ordered the crab bisque, calamari, marmont salad, the stuffed tilapia, ribeye steak and chocolate cake and bread pudding.
The crab bisque was ok. There was some crab meat but the soup was just too creamy and after a couple bites you did not want to keep slurping it.
The calamari was decent. But if felt like the squid and octopus was not very fresh. 
But it was still tasty.
The marmont salad had way to much dressing and that's pretty much all you could taste. There lack of toppings on this salad. There was 3 small pieces of Gouda cheese and apple slices. I felt like I was eating dressing with salad.
The crab stuffed tilapia was eh. It did not have much flavor and I wasn't a big fan of the the tomato topping. Also the risotto it came with was clumpy and flavorless.
The ribeye was pretty good but the mash potatoes were very salty. My sister also ordered the ny strip steak and hers was cooked improperly and even when her new piece arrived she stated it had no flavor and had to get A1 sauce to compensate. 
Finally dessert. The chocolate cake was stale and crunchy. Who want crunchy cake !?! The bread pudding on the other had was probably the best this I had at this establishment. If it wasn't for the company that's was with me I would have said this dinner was terrible. The food was not great and I don't recommend anyone to try anything except the bread pudding!Third time and it was just as good as the first time. I ordered the filet mignon medium well and it was cooked to perfection. The drinks were very tasty but strong, which was not a bad drink. I ordered the Market St Wino which was amazing if you are a wine drinker but looking for something a little stronger than just wine.  My husband ordered the Evil Genius which was very strong. The atmosphere is peaceful with dimmed lights and customer service was on point. Will definitely return and highly recommend.Three  of us went  for dinner last night , Friday, Emily was our waitress and she is very professional, and friendly. My wife and I had the filet mignon and it was delicious,  cooked to our specific doneness. Pittsburgh for me and medium rare for my wife. The taste and tenderness was amazing. Our friend had the crab cake and she loved it. We also had the roasted veggies,  and asparagus so delicious also. We all had martinis and so tasty. We had little Gus with us so we sat outside and at times it rained a little, we had unbrelles. The rain never kept Emily or the manager from taking care of us.. It a health code only service dogs can go into a restaurant. Marmont is a wonderful restaurant with  delicious food and  with a wonderful staff. We will be back again and again. If you love great food then this is the restaurant to eat at.Fine dining in olde city in a casual relaxed atmosphere.  Where to start ,  whewww tough.  The steaks served here are top notch to begin with.  My regular is the 14oz. New York strip steak with some tasty sides of course.  Do try the mushroom risotto, the broccolini, and make your appetizer the cheesesteak spring rolls.  For dessert,  there is a nice selection also.  My favorite is the bananas foster!  So many good things to say about Marmont!  The location really makes this place stand out to!  So go ahead and give it a try!  You'll have no regrets.Marmont will make you become a vegetarian.
I got the filet oscar and crab cakes. 
Starting with the crab cakes, which are tiny considering the price. It is shaped like a ball, however, for whatever reason, mine fell apart before I even had a bite. The minute I broke into it with my fork, it just lost all composure. To be fair, the sauce that accompanied it was really good.
Secondly, the filet oscar. The proportions on that meal is all off. They serve it with more crab meat and asparagus then filet. And the mashed potatoes were dull, right up there with the Hungry man box. The filet tasted as if it had been microwaved. It was cooked medium but maybe reheated?First time here after not wanting to stand on the Cuba Libre line for more than a minute.  Excellent cocktail and dessert menus. Alexis was great and made wonderful recommendations! The Gin Cocktail # 9 and bread pudding are must haves!!We discovered this hidden gem after grabbing pizza to quell our after-midnight munchies. While hanging out on the sidewalk, we heard some music that just made us want to dance. Once we listened and figured out it was from Marmont, we headed in to check it out.
It was almost like the opening scene of Dirty Dancing as if it had been filmed in today's society. About 15 people dancing and grinding on one another in a somewhat dark and candle lit place; the general ambiance was a house party feel.
Except no drunken girls making out or passed out guys on the lawn. Nope, just a fun place with some good music and people enjoying their drinks.
Hats off to the DJ from Saturday night; I plan on returning!Meh.
The misses and I just came from here a few days ago, and I have to say, I was almost knocked over by the mediocrity. 
Using a Groupon that allowed us to get 1 app, 2 ENTREES (NOT Steak....from the steakhouse....go figure), and 2 glasses of wine, we went for dinner. They required a reservation, although when we went at 7pm, there was literally no one else eating there. We were seated promptly and were met by a very nice waitress (Joan, I believe.) As per the requirements of the Groupon, we presented it to her after being seated, and it almost felt like it had crushed her. She immediately began the up-sale, trying to get us to order an additional appetizer, alcoholic drinks, steaks, etc, etc. I guess she was worried about not getting enough for her tip because of the Groupon (more on this later.)
We were given some bread with an olive oil and balsamic vinegar mixture and ordered the steak springrolls for our app. The oil/balsamic mixture was a nice little switch up from the usual oil/herb mixture thats pretty standard, but the springrolls were like the cheesesteak egg rolls I get from my local Chinese food spot. Again, tasty, but nothing special. I got the Lobster Fra Diavolo for my entree and the misses got the meatloaf. I was "warned" that my dish was described as "spicy," which is right up my alley, but when it arrived, it was only "spicy" if you consider "bland as shit" to be spicy. The entire dish was so underseasoned it hurt. It was a good size portion, and they didn't skimp on the lobster, shrimp or mussels, but jesus was it bland. Her meatloaf was NO better, and was pretty much the same thing; lots of it, but IT was something you didn't want lots of anyway.
So, we finished our dinner and asked for the check. When the check came, obviously all the food was already paid for because of the Groupon, and the comp came to about $74. The waitress had included gratuity, then added sales tax to that, which brought our total up to about $19. The irony of this all is that I consider myself a good tipper, and was planning on giving her MORE than the $13 she gave herself by adding it. SO, she pretty much cost herself $7 in tips by not trusting me to hook her up. Not to mention, I have no idea about the "legality" of adding sales tax to a tip that was added. Whatever....
All in all, it was just BLAH, top to bottom. The place was small, but still spacious, and had an outdoor seating area as well. The decor wasn't overly loud or subdued and was nice but still what you would expect in Philly. Like, the bench was nice, but had cuts in it...lol. The highlight of the meal WAS the service as our waitress WAS very good. But, if good FOOD is what youre after, try somewhere else.Always a good experience there.  My favorites are their filet mignon or the rosemary lemon roasted chicken - so yummie!!!!Steak came out medium well instead of medium. The service wasn't that good. Once the steaks were brought out the waitress didn't notice that I was almost done my drink. She didn't come back until we were done and I had to specifically ask her for another drink. It's nice to have a drink with the steak I'm eating. The drink took a long time to come out. So annoying!Food was great.  Servers were very friendly.  Not many tables so if people are slow eaters are at your table, your reservations may not be spot on.  On a Saturday night, we had to wait about 20 minutes but the wait was well worth it.  Should also point out that they had valet parking which saved the 20 minutes that we would have been looking for parking.  Go!Good food. Good service. Great place to eat outside when the weather is warm.Great experience all around. Was in town for the flower show and we wanted a steakhouse that was casual. 
Even though the attire was casual, the food was not. Started with the calamari as an appetizer. It was served with fried jalapeos and was terrific to start the evening off. 
Everyone at the table had some form of steak. Each steak was cooked perfectly, from a rare filet to a well done filet with bacon and blue cheese. 
Meat is a la carts, which we prefer as you can then add whatever sides you want. 
Highly recommend the Brussel sprouts and mushroom risotto. There wasn't a crumb left. 
No room for dessert, but the next table over ordered and it looked fabulous. 
Worth the trip even if it is out of the way.My boyfriend and I visited because I purchased a Gilt offer. It was our very first time there. Our server was Melissa who was really sweet. I ordered Filet Oscar and my boyfriend got the rack of Lamb. I ordered my steak Medium but it was more like Rare so I had to send it back to get cooked a little more. I would like to note that I usually do not do that ~ it was really RARE. Aside from cooking temperature, there could've been more pieces of crabmeat ~ otherwise it was pretty good. My boyfriend thought his "large" portion of lamb wasn't very large but overall, tasty. We chose to sit outside because the weather was really great...aside from the nearby smokers and our wobbly table (which the hostess fixed) it was fine. I think I'd choose to sit inside if there's a next time. Overall, we had a positive experience and it served as a great place for our date night.Came here for restaurant week. Enjoyed my experience and everything was cooked perfectly. Service was a little slow but immensely picked up after our second entreeI had the crab bisque for my starter, that was great! Lump crab and that flavor was perfect. In addition I had the Marmont salad with chicken. My second time there and just as good as the first.Pure joy!! We ordered the crab mac & cheese, seared scallops, and fried calamari--everything was incredible. Drinks were solid, and all of the prices are quite reasonable. Wouldn't hesitate to come back. Definitely one of my new favorite places.Marmont is an alright restaurant & steakhouse, albeit one I doubt I'll be returning to again.
The food is fine, not at all spectacular, but certainly not terrible.
I'm having a difficult time trying to piece together a really god review of the place, but it was just that average and forgettable I suppose.
My crab bisque was one of the tastier items I tried that evening, creamy & flavorful, with decent crab.
I ordered pepper crusted steak tips, cooked medium-rare.  In my opinion it came back to me closer to medium...had I known how little pink would be in my steak, I would have ordered it rare.  There was definitely too much pepper crusting the steak as well.  It was certainly overwhelming.  The steak came with awesome sweet potato shoestring fries though.  Very yum.
Service had been slow, so I wasn't interested in dessert.  I'm not blaming the poor service on the server though, as it looked like he was the only server in the entire restaurant at the time.
For one of my drinks I ordered a Kir Royal, which they claim to be champagne & chambord, but I'll be damned if there was a drop of chambord in my drink - seemed more like pineapple juice or something.
My boyfriend & I had eaten here once before, a couple years back.  The thing I remember about that meal was that they cooked each of steaks completely wrong.  They actually had to take  the steaks back and start over again.My husband and I found this place as we were wandering down market street for a place to eat. Marmont is a cozy steakhouse with fantastic food, always perfectly prepared, and a divine and ever-changing wine list. We eat here at least once a month, and like clockwork my husband orders the 10 oz filet with their delicious port wine demi glace and I order the rack of lamb. Never once have we had to send back our food due to preparation or dislike. The servers are always extremely attentive and very nice!! Recently they have began a Four Course Wine Tasting dinner on Monday nights... For only $45 you get 4 glasses of wine that are perfectly paired with your course selections. What a great deal and the food selections are fantastic!! Needless to say we love this place!Awesome food! Nice music on a Sat night. It's not 10 star joint but it's damn close with the food. Our waiter was new and we gave him a run for his money. But we kept him laughing.....The Marmont started out good but fizzled quickly.  Our food was just average.  Our server was very nice but never around.  We waited for nearly 20 minutes after we finished our appetizer before our steak came out.  the appetizers were not too good in my opinion.  Steak had a good taste but had a lot of grissle.  For a price tag of $84 for two people, I expected more.We had an amazing meal here last weekend! The cheese steak egg rolls are a must! The service was great and the cocktails were fantastic! A great place no matter what size your party is, dinner for two or a large group celebration! On the weekends there's a DJ and dancing after dinner!!Decent food. Steak and chicken entrees were good. I had a groupon so it was a good deal, but the normal prices seem a bit over priced. Cozy and romantic. A little cramped, but it's a city.I am here in Philly for 11 days for work and this is head and shoulders above all other places I have been. Great crab bisque full of crab, mouth watering steaks and phenomenal bread pudding.Place was very quiet in terms of clientele, the surrounding restaurants were busy- had my suspicions. The staff was very friendly but I wouldn't say they were experts on the limited menu. Drink was ok and less expensive than I expected. The wine and beer selection was not good at all and the wine by the glass was on the older side in terms of from an open bottle. The food was ok- not blown away by this place by any means, especially competing in an area that has so much to choose from.I've been here a couple of times, once sitting outside in the warmer weather and most recently with a large party inside.
Both times we experienced decent service and good food.  Servers and bartenders were attentive and friendly.  Steaks cooked as ordered and a decent wine list to complement.  Will definately go back!Almost walked by until the hostess asked us to check out the menu. Since we were not very hungry we went in to sit at the bar and have an appetizer. The menu looked good so we tried the pork chop. WOW. It was cooked perfect very flavorful. The side of potatoes were also good. Bartender Lisa was very friendly. We were only in town for one day otherwise we would go back !Stopped in after catching a theater show in Old City. My wife and I used to live in Old City, so we are familiar with a lot of the places in the area. The staff is friendly, and the hostess was nice. 
But the food was pretty plain. I had the Chicken Avocado Sandwich -- an unflavored (and with plenty of sinew, gotta trim those chicken breasts folks) chicken sandwich which was grilled, then someone threw on three slices of avocado and a pinch of spring salad mix with a piece of cheese BOOM sandwich. It was boring. 
My daughter had the Provencal mussels. Now, I do not know who thought up the menu, but when you call something "Provencal" that usually means you use Herbs de Provence -- savory, marjoram, rosemary, thyme, oregano, etc. But nope. Provencal, to Marmont, means bacon, red sauce, bell peppers, and "herbs," which all I could detect that was herbal was some pepper. The mussels were disappointing and we left half in the bowl because they tasted fishy. 
My wife had the cheesesteak, which I do have to say was pretty good. But, it's sorta hard to screw up a cheesesteak. 
Overall, this was not a place where I would be dying to go again. it is like so many other places in Old City. Nothing unique, it will probably go under eventually.Hands down delicious and my favorite go-to ribeye steak place! Time and time again I've been here for numerous occasions and they always live up to my expectations. I came here at least 3 times already for restaurant week because it's such a good menu for their price, you just can't beat it. Their calamari was crispy and most enjoyable. Their cheesesteak roll was cooked and rolled in good quality meat. Their drink menu paired well with their ribeye steak and the servers were on point. I enjoyed that they had outside dining when it is warm and you can really sit and enjoy the olde city lights and the view of penns landing.Stopped in here over the weekend with my boyfriend for a few drinks. Place was empty, aside from a two top. The hostess was sullen and moping by the front door. Our bartender was friendly enough, one of those wide eyed suburban types who regaled us with the tale of how she was from six states away and just loves the city! Service was fast, we were the only ones at the bar. The bartender kept trying to push food on us, and we finally ordered a fried shrimp appetizer. Meh. Not particularly memorable. The place is very dark and the view into the kitchen is depressing and unsettling. I got a very dingy, strange vibe. Would not go back.My husband and I came here for restaurant week. Rather than the typical three meal course for restaurant week, Marmont Steakhouse had four courses. We both started with the crab bisque. It was small but was meant as an appetizer rather than a soup course. It did have plenty of crab meat though. Much more than the typical bowl of bisque. For the next course I has the baked brie (my favorite part of the evening) and my husband had the cheesesteak spring rolls. He said they were good but definitely not as good as Continentals. For the main course my husband had a huge 12 ounce steak, which he said had a little fat but overall was juicy, delicious, and huge. I had the lobster ravioli. The ravioli dish was a little bland but not bad...just could have used some additional taste, which is why I requested some parmesan cheese for it. For dessert my husband had the chocolate mousse cake. It was very chocolatey and actually too large for my husband to finish after the other three courses. I finished with the bread pudding. It was very tasty and served hot.
Overall we had an excellent time at Marmont Steakhouse and would consider going back.Went here for the first time during restaurant week and can't stop going back. It is definately one of my favorite steak places to go. The prices are reasonable and steaks are always cooked the way I want. The portions are really good too. The salad with the Gouda cheese...ahhh, so good and their calamari is great (definately calamari and not so much breading with a lil bit of calamari)!! Also, they have really good desserts. The bread pudding is to die for. Definitely give this place a try. You won't regret it.Really cool place. Super casual but pretty good steaks. I took my daughter and niece to this spot. The service was good...not great...but good enough. It was enjoyable and I would return if I wanted a no frills steak and was dressed very casual.Restaurant was excellent! Nice bar, good drinks, and awesome food. Went last night for restaurant week and I'd definitely go back. Their loaded potato soup, cheesesteak egg rolls, fried calamari, and steak was all so tasty!! 5 stars for sure!Reeeeeddddd Meeaaaat.....Mmmmmm! This is one of my favorite places to go for a steak. I tend to go during restaurant week because they offer a 4 course meal for only $35 and the portions they give are regular night portions (HUGE!). I've tried almost everything on the restaurant week menu (the wife likes to venture out and order something different each time), but I tend to stick to my usual.
The usuals are:
Crab bisque soup - there's lumps of crab meat in it....droooool!
Marmont Salad - the best part of this salad is the dressing and the gouda cheese. I'm not a big cheese eater, but I always want more cheese in this salad.
New York Strip - Always cooked perfectly and never dry. The potatoes that come with it could be better, but I'm here for the steak, not the sides.
Bread pudding - Comes out nice, hot and delicious. I always say I'm going to split my dessert and take my wife's home, but I end up eating it all. Oops!
What I've tried are:
Calamari - it has jalepanos and fried with the right amount of batter. Delicious
Cheese Steak Spring Rolls - Ehh, it's typical cheesesteak meat deep fried. Nothing spectacular
Lobster Ravioli - It was way too creamy for me. I ate one bite and felt full from it.
Crab Stuffef Tilapia - Pretty good. Large portion and the fish is stuffed with a good amount of crab. Very well flavored as well.
When I'm not here for restaurant week, I always order the roasted rack of lamb. It's always cooked the way I want and seasoned perfectly. I'm drooling as I write this. (wiping away all the spit on my face)
Overall: I will always keep coming back. I never had to send a meal back because everything was always cooked to my liking when I come. Make reservatons though because they get busy!This is my favorite place in the city to grab something to eat.  Their cheesesteaks are the best in the city.  Their calamari is EXQUISITE and so are their chicken skewers.  I have never ever had anything bad to eat in this place and I have been going for years.
The bartenders they employ are top notch but none is better than Casey.  The General Manager Dan runs a tight ship and the staff are always polite and friendly.  They make me feel like I own the place!!!  
Their night life can be hit or miss but when it is on it is ON.  The DJ Josh is one of the 10 best DJ's in the city easily.  His selection of music is vast.  
It is always a great time when I am at Marmont!!!Went here last night for a late dinner. Service was very slow. Had to keep asking the hostess to grab our waitress. I asked for my steak well done no pink it came out medium rare. I had them cook it again and still pink. Steak was flavorful but very rubbery. My daughter ordered the chicken fingers. They looked great but she wouldn't eat them, so I tried them and they were very rubbery as well. Will not be coming back. If you're visiting the city for the first time or don't come often I wouldn't recommend this place. I am always in philly and there are many good restaurants so don't waste your time at this one.We went here for restaurant week and the food was amazing! The potato soup and the pork chop was the best part of the meal. I definitely recommend both. And for those of you who like mushroom please order their sauteed mushrooms. They were the BEST mushrooms I have ever had!!Awesome place to dine, people-watch, enjoy friends, and have a good time.  We came here on a pre-theatre schedule and so informed the waitress.  Despite the time constraints, the entire staff was superb, ensuring we left fully satisfied and on time for the Arden Theatre performance. 
Marmont is located smack in the middle of Old City and a stone's throw away from the historic mall where the nation's founding took place.  So its placement is enviable for strollers, movie and theatre goers and the like.
Entering the restaurant, our reservations were honored on the spot and we were quickly seated, with a plate of fried calamari ready at the table in what seemed seconds.  Superb.  The filet mignon was fork-tender and cooked just-so-right.  And the surf and turf was spectacular.  We accompanied the occasion with a pinot and bread pudding towards the end, finishing up with double espressos so we would not fall asleep at the performance from the carb sugar low...
Memorable dinner.  We will be back.Steak was burned and that's during restaurant week which is supposed to be a time when you promote your restaurant. Slow service also. No wonder the place was empty on fri evening.Boyfriend and I had a great meal here yesterday! My boyfriend told me he's sick of the "hipster crap" I force him to eat, so he picked this joint. The menu appealed to him since it is very straight forward and predictable, but still interesting. 
The vibe was cooler than I expected. It seemed more like a cool bar than a steak house, which I appreciated. It was nice for a romantic, trendy night out. 
We started by sharing a crab cake and crab bisque.  Even though the crab cake was fried it was delicious, and served with a really interesting salad that I loved. The bisque was perfect.
Boyfriend got a ribeye that was like 22 ounces I think. He absolutely loved it and finished every bite. I ordered a New York strip with cheese, mushrooms, and a demi glaze sauce which was on special. It was absolutely fabulous. I ordered veggie kabobs on the side which I highly recommend as well. 
As far as drinks go, I highly recommend the smartini. It tasted like candy and went down very smooth, but was still wonderfully potent. My boyfriend got a drink called the evil genius which tasted very strongly of whiskey. He liked it but there's no way I could have drank one. 
For dessert we shared creme brle and bread pudding. The bread pudding was the stand out for sure. It featured raisins and a delicious caramel sauce.  Highly recommended!
I should mention as well that our waitress was on point the whole night.  She was very friendly and efficient.
All of this deliciousness definitely cost us...before a tip the bill was $193. But we got a lot for our money and loved every bite of it. We both highly recommend is spot for a nice date night, and we'll definitely be back.This was my first time at Marmont. My boyfriend and I came on a tuesday night for Restaurant Week, a little bit later at night - 8:30 pm - as we saw a Fringe Festival Play beforehand.
Only Pro: The waitress was friendly and the steak and food were good. Extensive wine list.
Cons: They were missing one of the desserts off the restaurant week menu (which they only had 2 desserts offered total), but were lacking in non-feminine beer & Martini variety.
Decor was not as nice as I expected from Olde City. I usually don't dine in that area, but when I do, I expect some modern, posh decor. It looked empty, dark and a bit rundown. 
Also, this killed the evening - they had live karaoke. I usually love karaoke if its in the right atmosphere... but if its restaurant week and we are trying to have a nice chill date night out, you really should mention that somewhere on your website or on the phone that there will be live singing that night of varying talent... it would have been a dealbreaker. As it clearly is.Was excited about a steak here after reading the reviews, but was disappointed when I started eating it. It tasted like they hadn't cleaned the grill in a while. Lacking flavor. The grouper special was so-so, but smothered in cream sauce. Be prepared for high prices similar to a high-end chain steak restaurant. I am sorry to say, but a ribeye from Longhorn tastes better than the one I had here!I just got done eating at Marmont steakhouse & bar, and i have to say the food is amazing and so in the service. The lovely bartender James took care of me. He suggested the the steak spring rolls and boy was he right. They were PHENOMENAL and so was the service. I never been to a restaurant and felt so comfortable, I felt like I was home. Everything is on point. Service, food, music and location. Absolutely perfect. I will definitely be returning!My foodie seances were going off that I should not go to this place when we were wrangled into the place from the street with a very hard sell.  However, despite my  better judgement we decided to dine during restaurant week. I understand the challenges of restaurant week for a foodie but this experience was horrible.  
We all started with the crab bisque.  The taste of the bisque was good creamy a hint of sherry it was nice.  The odd thing was each cup was filled to a different level.  Which I normally wouldn't notice but for 2 reasons.  First of all it was very noticeable, and second my cup was the least filled.  Had the entire meal been at this level I would have been giving this place 4 stars.  However it was straight downhill from there.
Second I got the calamari and it was crispy and actually not terrible.  However the deep fried jalapenos were a bit much.  However my dining companions got a wilted salad, and a baked brie stuffed with jam and arugula.  The Brie was marginal and the salad was (as I said) was wilted.  
Third we got entree and this was almost the most disturbing part of the meal.  So I ordered my steak extra rare and it was.  However the mashed potatoes were clearly from a box and were cold.  Not just room temp but down right cold.  So the steak we ok not very flavorful but cooked right but the potatoes were instant potatoes and were cold.  
My dining partners got the seafood ravioli and the crab stuffed fish.  the seafood ravioli was also cold.  As my dining partners said it tasted like it was out of a chef boy ardee can that hadnt been heated.  
The crab stuffed fish.  The crab meat was the consistency of crab from a bumble bee can and smelled fishy.  GROSS And the broccoli-rave was way over cooked and inedible.  
Finally we got the dessert.  I got bread pudding and it tasted like croutons soaked in sugar syrup and baked.  It wasnt soft and pudding like it was crunchy hard and stale.  However the chocolate cake was not terrible.  the Buttercream frosting was tasty and the cake was moist.
Finally the service.  Our server was attentive friendly and helpful.  She was a bit over bearing but generally helpful and nice. 
I would not go here and I would not recommend it to anyone.My dad and I came here after vising a few other nearby restaurants that were filled, as we didn't have the foresight to make a dinner reservation. The hostess (who doubled as our waitress) was extremely peppy and happy, but the service in general was pretty slow--we waited almost 40 minutes before our orders were taken. 
I ordered mussels as an appetizer, and was already full from the generous heaping + delicious bread for the table. The mussel sauce was so good that I dipped in extra bread to taste all of it (however, the house-made garlic butter is also delicious, as well.) For my entree, I ordered the salmon (probably a bad bet at a steakhouse, but I was all meat-ed out from a previous lunch at Fogo), and barely touched it. Not only did it taste....like nothing...but the top and bottom was somewhat burned--not tastefully charred, but burned. The vegetables that were on the bottom were also ruined by the taste of the salmon--somehow they seemed both too salty and too sweet at the same time.We have been here before and this time they totally missed the mark.
We ordered mussels Latin style which came out without the chorizo and mussels were very small.
Both steaks were requested as medium rare.  They came out totally rare.  We sent them back and ribeye was very well done.  
Waitress was clueless and not helpful.  We will not be returning.  What a shame, it used to be our favorite place.The salad is on point. Drink was a little warm. Quick service, dimly lit, nice decor.  Outdoor seating. Steak was fabulous and cooked just how I liked it. Staff was nice and friendly. We will return.came here recently after a hiatus of several years.  marmont isn't my favorite spot in the city but my last visit brought back memories of my first time here which was also very enjoyable.
the thing i really enjoy about marmont is that they offer outside seating which allows you to people watch and enjoy the scene of olde city.  especially, around time of july 4th, i think you can see the fireworks from that block!  i'm not a big fan of the inside of the restaurant.. i remember it had a heavy scent of 2nd hand smoke.. so outside seating is just fine on those nice summer days!
as for food, their menu is definitely not the cheapest in town! but i think mussels was a pretty solid choice (check my photo).  i tried the russian style with a tomato cream sauce and it was delicious! i remember way back i also tried the au poivre lamb lollipops and they were fantastic too!  totally worth checking out if you have the groupon deal~ i think their grilled entrees are the safer choices.
i might return~ who knows?