This place is amazing. First time I have tried Turkish coffee and LOVED it here. The veggie wrap and cheese steak is also great. This place gives off great vibes, there is an entire cafe section within the restaurant. I will definitely make sure to come back to this place if I am in West Philly ever again. 5 stars.This place is unique to say the least. The first time we went, we had reservations and still waited 2 hours to be seated. The manager refused to make anyone leave the place, even patrons who had been there 4 or more hours. 
Needless to say, whatever they lacked in the seating they made up in the excellent food. 
The seven courses are amazing, although i prefer the chicken over the honey lamb. the chicken has a kick to it and is so soft it keeps tearing. I have never has Morocan food more delicious than this. 
One bad thing is that it is cash only... which sucks but like i said the food is so great its worth it.I went Saturday night with a small group of friends, and Marrakesh was quite the experience.  I think with a larger group it would just get better!  
After finding the restaurant in a back alley and knocking on the door to get in, we were seated promptly in the front room.  Reservations would be a good idea on weekend nights especially.  
The food was yummy - not earth shattering perhaps, but definitely a good range and interesting for a fixed course meal.  We chose the spicy chicken and the beef kabobs, and they were probably the best two courses (well besides baklava and mint tea being so awesomely delicious).  We also called ahead and found out that although they now have a full bar, you can still bring in a bottle of wine.  Definitely a good deal - heads up that some of the servers seem rather confused about the policy.
After almost 3 hrs (!) I was full and well entertained - I highly recommend the experience.Absolutely a place to experience.  Tremendous atmosphere, fabulous service, and food that is simply amazing.  Portion sizes are incredible at a price that is exceptional.  You will enjoy every moment!Love this place. My favorite is their eggplant. Will definately go back again..great place to go with a group. You will need a reservation.If you want to be culture shocked, go to Marrakesh. It feels like a really authentic, cultural experience, supplemented by delicious food. The staff and management have been incredibly courteous and solicitous both times I've attended. If you're squeamish about eating with your hands or having to share food, you'll probably want to skip.Cash only; it's $35 per person 6-item fixed menu plus whatever drinks you want to order. Make sure you come with lots of people, reserve in advanced. The seating really creates a communal atmosphere where you can share off the same plate and chill. What an experience, probably one of the most memorable dining experiences you can get here in Philly. Once you're seated, you get your hands washed with rose water while you're surrounded by dim light and cushy blankets. Then, the food rolls out, and man is it good. I've never had chicken this succulent in my life; it literally fell off the bone. Another highlight was the mint tea during dessert, wow. Awesome spot, will be back for another special occasion.One of my favorites to take out of town guests to, or for any special occasion. Intimate setting that it great for conversation and the food is exceptional. Friendly, family-oriented restaurant that you can tell has stood the test of time for a reason. This place is an experience! Be sure to wear stretchy pants because you will be FULL when you leave. :)FAN-TAS-TIC. From the ambiance to the staff to the FOOD, the experience was definitely worthwhile.  Our waiter was very courteous and we felt very welcomed the instant we stepped into the restaurant. There was about 8 of us which is probably the ideal number (8-10) comfortably sat around a round table. 
They started with the hand washing and distribution of towels (yeah we were dressed all nicely which is fine, but keep in mind that your pants might get dirty). The cucumber and eggplant portion (it tasted like beef lol) was delicious, the chicken/egg plate was odd but we liked the flaky stuff as we all choked on the powdered sugar on top haha Then came the meats; we had the mild chicken with olives where, its true, the meat just fell right off the bones, and we had half of the beef kebabs and half of the lamb. The lamb was dry, definitely go with the beef kebabs. The couscous was ok, not really great but it probably would have been better to give that before the meat courses because we were getting stuffed. The desserts were fabulous; incredibly fresh fruit,  yummy baklava, and tasty mint tea. The courses were nicely paced and we were finished dinner in a little over 2 hours. All of this for $25 a person! And if you get the wine carafe ($12), get the white wine. 
Now for those of you interested in the belly dancer, our dancer was not that great. She seemed nice but we weren't really into it. However, the other incredibly drunk parties were (luckily we only had to deal with them for a few courses).
So gather round some friends, pick a date, and fumble through your way to Marrakesh into the alley and the very dimly lit rooms. You'll like what you find.Review Summary: Ambience: 4/5     Food: 5/5       Service: 4/5 
If you're tired of all the fancy Stephen Starr joints around town and need to try something new, Marrakesh is the place to see. Located off South Street, its entrance is a dark maroon door complete with an iron knocker. Please be sure to come with friends; as other reviews have stated Marakkesh's six course meal really packs a punch. 
The food was mouthwateringly GOOD. I came here with one other person (rookie mistake) on a quiet Thursday evening, and the waiters were very attentive to us. Everything was delicious without being overly oily. For our first main course we ordered the Spicy Chicken in Cumin Sauce, and for the second Tajine of Lamb. These dishes are meant to be eaten by hand, which we did, but I saw some tables eating with cutlery. Full disclosure, the fruits do come with their labels unpeeled, though I wasn't too worried about that because they were the juiciest, sweetest batch I've had since coming to the States. 
We were about to leave when the manager (owner?) emerged from the backroom and told us to stick around to see the belly dancer. I thought this was a really nice gesture, as the dancer had been hired by a large group upstairs and he really did not have to share this information with us.  
My one critique, if you can call it that, is directed at Marrakesh's decor. True to its Moroccan roots everything from the furniture to the walls is covered with dark, heavy fabric. Perhaps it is a personal bias, but I found the place to be a little stuffy, and I could not tell how clean everything was. All in all, a MUST TRY!the experience here trumps it all. we celebrated our daughter's birthday on a tuesday evening and were the only people there for a while. the owner/waiter/server was fantastic in explaining the process which really impressed us. $5 cocktails and our 6-course dinner for 3, including soda, 2 cocktails and tea topped the bill at just $100 and that's including the tip. 
yes, it is everything that everyone raves about.
why not 5 stars? well...the food was good, but not like great.
we will definitely go back!This place never sees to amaze me. The Seven course dinner menu is absolutely amazing.I've been coming here since high school and finally made my rounds 6 years later (lets pretend I didn't just say 6 years). 7 courses, $25, byo, eat with yo hands.
For realz this place is awesome. People tend to get a little turned off when they hear moroccan food with your hands. If you're that person, don't come because you'll ruin an awesome experience for your friends. Every course is awesome and the service is just as good.
Theres belly dancers who even get the guests involved. You smirk now, but a bottle of wine in and you're going to be dancing too.Marrakesh is a total package dining experience. Not only do you get to eat authentic Moroccan cuisine, you get to enjoy a cultural experience as well. 
You may have walked past Marrakesh or the surrounding streets many times without even realizing it was there, like I had prior to this visit. It's nestled on Leithgow Street just a notch off of South Street. Forget South Street or even the rest of Philadelphia for that matter. You are about to step into a different world. To enter you must ring the doorbell on the side door. 
I felt more like I was going to a house, than a restaurant; especially with the shower located in the restroom on the second floor. During my entire visit, I never felt like I was at a restaurant. I felt comfortable and relaxed. Maybe eating with your hands with a towel on your lap has that effect. 
I found my group of fellow Yelpers in a cozy private room.  The room had four tables with booth seating along the outskirts of the room. Ottoman like chairs took up the rest of the space for the rest of us. With such a large group in not the largest of spaces, it got loud.
Our meal started with customary hand-washing and we were even entertained twice with a belly dancer. After placing our order, the food kept flowing. The service was probably the most unobtrusive service I've ever had. As one dish was placed in front of us, another was seamlessly removed. I felt like royalty or at least someone enjoying a nice meal at someone's dinner party. The regular dining formalities I'm used to were thrown out the window, and it was fantastic! 
As I'm sure you're aware, this $25 prix fixe menu has seven courses and you are welcome to BYOB. While it was a ton of food, I walked in the door absolutely starving and walked out not overly stuffed. I believe most people left absolutely full, so maybe the tip is to come in extremely hungry. Here's a little rundown of dining experience:
Course 1: Three-Salad Platter- The eggplant is phenomenal (and messy). Luckily you have some assistance from the pita to eat it. The cucumbers and bell peppers and carrots and cucumber were good, but the eggplant stole the show. 
Course 2: The B'stella- As someone who doesn't normally love sweets but loves cinnamon, carbs and meat, this dish was a winner. This dish was dough filled with chicken, nuts, almonds, egg, peppers and onions. It was really hot at first, but once you cracked open the shell and let it cool down, it was easier to eat. I had some pita saved from the first course, so I found it easy to break off a piece and rest it on the pita while it cooled down. Truly a sweet-savory delight. 
Course 3: Chicken- So here's where the choices began. You can either get chicken with lemon or spicy chicken. My group opted to get the spicy chicken with the cumin sauce on the side. The chicken was melt in your hands and then melt in your mouth good. The spicy sauce had a nice kick without being overly spicy to me. I still had some pita leftover so I did a little dipping with the sauce. 
Course 4: Beef or Lamb- My table got a little creative here and asked for half portions of both the beef and lamb. The beef was served shish kebab style, and to be honest, not my favorite. It was a little well done, and I struggled a little to get it off the stick resulting in a pepper flying into my husband's wine glass. Sauvignon blanc tastes best with a little pepper anyways, right? The lamb was perfect. Even the non-lamb eaters thought it was delicious. It was tender and took on the flavor of the chick peas and onions without having an overwhelming lamb flavor. 
Course 5: Couscous with veggies, chick peas and raisins- This was probably my least favorite dish from the main meal. It was a little blander than other couscous dishes I've tried in the past. I would have been disappointed if this was the only thing I ordered, but everything was a hit thus far in the evening. They did give us spoons at this point, so don't worry about eating the little grains with your hands.
Courses 6 & 7: Dessert- I'm assuming the tea, fruit and pastries count as the sixth and seventh courses. At this point in the evening, my bottle of wine had been consumed and I wasn't counting the dishes, and am making this assumption while referencing the menu. I'm not a tea fan so I passed. The pastries were little crisp triangles that reminded me of baklava. The fruit came out frozen was a little hard to eat. I nibbled on a strawberry and took a banana for the road since the majority of the group passed on the fruit. Perhaps the fruit was customary, but I thought a little unnecessary. If it's part of the traditional meal then no harm, no foul.  
To sum it up, I had delicious food and hours of fun. It's an experience not to be missed in Philadelphia, especially if you go with an adventurous group of friends. While I couldn't imagine going to Marrakesh every Friday night, I can definitely pick a handful of occasions that would be a perfect fit.My dad and I just happened upon this place one Saturday night and decided to give it a go. 
You have to knock on the door to be let in, and the inside is gorgeous. Dimly lit, the walls are lined with tapestries. You sit on cushions, and eat an entire seven course meal with your hands (after they have been washed in rose water). Great food and the house wine is really good (and inexpensive). You almost feel as if you were invited into someone's home. A belly dancer even came out in the middle of our meal! 
We went pretty early on a Saturday night, so the fact that we didn't have a reservation wasn't a problem. We went about 5-5:30 and it was completely empty, but it started to really fill up around 7, so if you are going later make a reservation.
The only problem we ran into is that they don't take credit cards. Luckily they do take checks. This place has it all - atmosphere, great food, and good service! Big points for overall experience!Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here a few weeks ago. Very cool atmosphere and love that you can byob or order wine there. Set menu of multiple courses, with the only option to choose if you wanted beef or lamb for the main course- we chose lamb. Every dish was flavorful and distinct. The belly dancer was fun and the other groups in our room were nice as well. Would definitely go back again.I came to Philly for a weekend trip with my bf, and remembered how great Marrakesh was from years ago with my parents.  It's still down a dark alley off of South Street and in a house (the owners' house) Things have slightly changed- Marrakesh is still dim, and served as a 5-course eat-with-your-hands dinner family style, (as if in Morocco)  surrounded by tons of Middle Eastern decor- runs, lamps, the works. The servers are the owners- a couple who loves to keep it traditional. 
I called ahead for seating at 8pm but it seems as though we could have just walked in- we ate upstairs.  You have to ring the bell to get in. We came on Sunday but it was relatively busy- downstairs was full but upstairs not so much. Maybe it was because we were upstairs...but I felt service lacked a bit (we had to ask for water a few times, etc but I couldn't hold it against the one server- the wife). On Fri and Sat, there are belly dancers. 
If you're new to this kind of thing, they do a good job explaining the process. First, they ran your hands through soapy water from their majestic-looking teapot. Next, they explain the menu and ask you to choose between 1 or 2 course for dishes 3 and 4. You don't have a lot of flexibility.. so I am not sure how vegetarians would fare. 
We ate:
1) Course 1- three salads: picked carrots, cucumbers and an eggplant puree- like a babaganoush. This was very tender, salty and good- the others were not as fancy but very tasty. A large tangine looking thing comes around for you to grab pita. The pita is ok- it's not warm, it's not fluffy but you can't win them all (and it's important not to fill up too much on this)
2) Course 2- Very interesting kind of Moroccan...quiche? It's basically a flaky pastry topped with confectioner's sugar that houses egg, chicken, nuts...and some other things. It was overwhelmingly eggy, but tasty. Not my favorite dish but had to give it points for creativity and uniqueness.  The flaky dough was delish- very similar to that of the Green Spinach Pie.
3) Course 3- was our choice between two chicken (chicken with lemon olive oil or spicy cumin)- of course we did spicy cumin! It was fall right off the bone- so tender as I'm sure it was slow cooked for hours. It's also half a chicken so you get the breast, thigh and wing. The sauce was not too spicy, I thought, but the cumin flavor is smoky and present. The sauce is pretty slathered across the meat- and yes you can refill up on pita if you're not into eating meat solo. 
4) Course 4- is a choice between beef or lamb and since I don't do red meat, I passed on this. My bf ordered the lamb though and said it was very tender and yummy- and sweet. It was topped with almonds and something else that made it sweet. 
5) Course 5- Dessert!  You get fresh fruit and baklava (one piece each). Usually I think baklava is too sweet for me but this one was pretty good- and not too oily. I mean, yes, it was very oily but it wasn't like...drenched in oil. It was pretty flat, cripsy and full of that nutty goodness that you make baklava. Bf said it wasn't nutty enough for him. Again, the flaky dough wins. 
The fresh fruit was also a plus- except our apple was bruised so we didn't eat that. We took our orange for breakfast the next day. There were two strawberries (not really regional, ha) and giant seedless grapes that were almost frozen because it the fruit platter came with a chunk of ice. This was almost like a cornucopia..they really do make you feel like emperor and empress haha!
The meal is well paced (slow) so you have time to breathe.  They sell only a few house wines by the glass; otherwise you get it by the bottle (there are a few varieties at $30 ish, as well as liquor and the like). My bf got two glasses of red wine- the burgandy. It was actually fruity and full of body, which was a plus. I ordered the traditional rose drink which I actually wouldn't recommend- it was really, really sweet. It was like rose syrup (sweet enough), with sugar and water..it was too sweet and at $5, I was upset I couldn't finish it. 
This place accepts cash only and is $25 per person. I feel the menu could get old since you don't have variety but it's definitely a must-try while in Philly.Not much left to say about this place. Awesome dining experience. Great   Moroccan food, but certainly not the best I've ever had. The experience is really the bread and butter here. Bring cash! Also,   Wish they would mix up the menu a bit.Lots of food served piping hot. Eat with your fingers so if you don't have hands it could be problem. 7 courses. The spicy chicken and salad tray were our favorites. Went with group of nine and we were all stuffed at the end. We had 4 bottles of wine but the bill was reasonable. I did not think the Moroccan wine was the best. It was ok but for the price we could have had 2 bottles of a better red. Belly dancer was great and got everyone involved. I taught her a few new moves. Surprise at the end was when the bill came they only took cash! Maybe that was prominent on their web site but I missed it.Honestly this restaurant was one of the most unique experiences that I've had in Philadelphia not only was our waiter extremely nice and very knowledgeable of the customs of Morocco he was very respectful and allowed us to peruse to
through the meal at our own speed. The food was exquisite and unique I loved the music the Decour was excellent and honestly I don't think I've ever had as authentic food as I had here at marketWent as a team outing after work. It was fun, interesting and tasty. The menu is fixed, except for the choice of lamb or chicken. We had the chicken and it just fell off of the bones. The appetizer plate through the mint tea was all delicious. Fun atmosphere. I will be going back soon! I think it was $35 a head.Serious amounts of food. Cute little set up. I recommend trying one of their juice blends, but it's been awhile since I've been so I can't remember which one I tried. 
The 7-course meal was prepared with care and it almost felt like I was a guest in someones home. I recommend this place as a date spot if you're in a dining routine that you'd like to break out of! Also seems like the type of place my aunt and uncle would get a kick out of -- when they visit me from VT I'll be sure to take them here!Marrakesh is like a hidden portal, in the fabric of space of time.  A winter night's meal here was unlike any dining experience I have ever shared with friends and family.  The air in the room has a tingle of electricity and the kitchen's food is a special invitation into a different culture. Marrakesh is truly a magical hole-in-the-wall.It's an experience for sure! From the minute you walk down the tiny street to ring the doorbell to be let in until you walk out so full and wondering what just happened?!  There are no options for a smaller dinner than a 7course meal. There is no menu but you do get to pick between two choices for the two entree courses. There is also no direction as to whether you can take home leftovers (we yelped to find out we could but only after the 5th course), to how much it will cost you ($34/pp w/o alcohol & tip was already included), and to how you can pay. They only take cash. So if you know all this going in you can be prepared. The food and service were otherwise excellent. The atmosphere feels very authentic though I've never been to Morocco myself.Every bite was delicious and I couldn't believe how kindly and un-awkwardly they looked after the vegetarians in the group (myself included).This place is fantastic! I went here for Valentine's Day with my boyfriend and his family. It was such a fun, cozy atmosphere, the waiters were great, and the food was AMAZING! My favorite dish was the phyllo dough pastry, filled with chicken and topped with powdered sugar (I'm sure there were more ingredients in the making of this dish, but I just don't know what they are). It sounds really weird, but it was super delicious! 
We ended up being seated at a table with another couple because the place is actually pretty small, but that wasn't weird. The entire atmosphere was very friendly and all the tables were very close to each other. We were lucky that it happened to be a Friday night because there was a belly dancer there! She encouraged us to get up and dance with her, which was really fun and made us all laugh.
Like all the reviews say, be prepared to stuff yourself! They give you more food than anyone can handle! But it's all amazing, so you can't say no. The restaurant is also BYOB, which is a great plus! The only down side is that it's cash-only, and the bill can get quite high if you have a large group (It was a bit under $50 per person).I went to Marrakesh for my first time Saturday night.  What a cool place! There were many "likes" and a few "dislikes" to my experience here, which really should deserve 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up just because of the authenticity of this dining experience. 
Likes:  The atmosphere inside the restaurant was absolutely amazing.  You really feel like you're inside someone's living room, eating a home cooked meal.  The rooms are well segregated from each other, so each party gets their own private dining experience.  The decor is authentic, with drapes covering all the walls.  The music was fun, the belly dancer was a lot of fun also.  
FOOD:  The eggplant in the opening salad dish was probably the best eggplant you will ever eat.  My other favorite course was the lamb, it was so tender and fell right off the shank.  The couscous was also good, and so was the whole roast chicken, which was also some of the most tender fall-off-the bone chicken ever.  
Dislikes:  We arrived in a group of 15.  We had to stand outside in the 20 degree weather until all members of our party arrived.  We were outside in the freezing cold at least 15 minutes.  The least they could do is set a heat lamp outside since waiting outside seemed like it happens to everyone.  Once we were seated, it took 10-15 minutes to receive wine classes.  We had about 10 bottles of booze on our tables we brought, and couldn't get glasses after asking 3 different times.  We were wishing we could drink straight from the bottles!  The napkins (whole towels) also took a long time to receive.  When  you eat with your hands, and there's no silverware, you'd think napkins/towels would be the first item they give you once the food arrives.  
FOOD:  The beef kbobs were far too over-cooked, hard to chew.  That was the only food that I didn't like the entire night. 
Overall, the length of my dislikes paragraph is misleading to a 4 star review.  But, like I mentioned overall, the dislikes don't outweigh the overall really cool dining experience here.  I would recommend everyone to try eating here at least once.  It was fun, and very unique.
NOTE:  CASH ONLY.  BYOB.  Entire meal was $25/person + tip.  Very good price for lots of food.I've been here twice. Once for a friend's birthday and this past weekend for my boyfriend's birthday/Valentines Day.
Let me start off by saying that the food is amazing. There were no complaints in that department. 
However, I had made reservations for the later seating over a month beforehand. Because of budget stuff and the fact that we live in the suburbs, we really don't get out for things like this often and were really looking forward to a little romantic dinner. We arrived in plenty of time for our reservation. But because of overcrowding, we had to sit communally with two other couples. I wouldn't be so upset about this if we were told ahead of time that there would be a chance of this happening, but they decided after having us sit there in our coats for 10 minutes and didn't really give us a decision in the matter. It really did put a damper on the evening. Luckily, the other two couples were great people and we had some great conversation. And they did serve us as three separate parties of two, so we weren't sharing the plate with a bunch of strangers. 
But then, they decided to include the mandatory 18% for parties of 6 or more despite billing and serving us separately, which was a huge slap in the face. Unfortunately, they lost out, because even when I tip low, I tip more than that.
I love to support smaller businesses and this restaurant is truly unique. But I can't help feel sour about our treatment there. You would think that after being in business for so long, they'd figure out how to handle situations like this. It really is unfortunate.This place is such a gem. We originally made a Saturday night reservation for two but I felt sick pretty last minute and we had to cancel (which they were really nice about). I was feeling a lot better by Monday so I called them that morning to make a reservation. They don't open until 5pm, so I was pleasantly surprised when they picked up my 10:50am phone call! When we arrived for dinner that night at 6pm, we realized that there was no need to make a reservation as the place was completely empty. A couple showed up as we were finishing our dessert, and they were the only other diners we saw all night.
Like many Yelpers have said, dining at this place feels like you're eating in someone's home. You eat everything with pita bread, which the waiter just left on the table next to ours since there was nobody else around.
Course 1. Trio of salads (eggplant, cucumber and tomato, carrot) - SO GOOD. This could've been a meal by itself.
Course 2. B'Stella (a pie with chicken, eggs, cinnamon, topped with powdered sugar) - It sounds weird and it is weird. Some people love it, but it just wasn't my thing. 
Course 3. Chicken (mild or spicy) - We went with mild. So tender, perfectly spiced and yummy!
Course 4. Beef kebab or lamb - We couldn't decide so our waiter let us try both! While I did enjoy the taste of the beef, it was too tough and hard to chew. The lamb is cooked with honey and almonds so I didn't think I'd enjoy it that much (meat + sweet aren't my favorite combo) but I loved it! It didn't taste too gamey and the meat fell right off the bone...mm, perfection. 
Course 5. Couscous with vegetables, chickpeas and raisins - It was good but I was so deep in my food coma that I don't remember much about this dish. I didn't love the addition of raisins though.
Course 6. Bowl of assorted fruit - I love ending any meal with fresh fruit, but I wish they had been cut up. This was literally just a giant bowl of fruit, like apples, oranges, grapes and bananas. There was so much variety but at that point I had no desire to peel an orange or deal with a whole apple. Call me lazy but I would've much preferred to eat a smaller portion of a fruit salad or something.
Course 7. Baklava and mint tea - I don't really like baklava in general, but this was really good. And the mint tea was the best I've ever had. We had a few cups of that before we headed out!
Our waiter was really attentive but didn't hover around or rush us. Not sure if that's because we were the only people there, but hopefully it's like that when the place is more crowded! The food is flavorful, the service is warm and polite and the price ($25/per person + tip) is a great deal. All in all, a really unique experience. I'd love to go back on a weekend when it's more lively!It's been four years since I last paid a visit to Marrakesh and I did not regret saving one of my precious meals on this short weekend getaway to Philadelphia for Marrakesh.
Again, all the dishes were outstanding - the eggplant, carrot and vegetable salads. The pull-apart tender meats. The savory-sweet pastilla. Because all meals are pre-fixe, the dishes come out lightning fast without compromising on quality.
A word of caution - its cash only, and while it's $25 per person, this is pre tax and tax is 18%.
Can't wait to return to Marrakesh the next time I'm here!I went Marakkesh with my friend. I am really amazed with the atmosphere and delicious Moroccan food. 
I live in NY butI never tasted such a good food. 
The folks and personnel are really good and they love their work,
When I ate the Chicken and lamb with my friend, the degree of happiness was at the highest.
GO THERE WITH A FRIEND AND SHARE HAPPINESS BY ENJOYING THE FOODI wanted to like this place as the food was good but they crammed our party of 11 into a single booth which ruined the night. On top of that, the portions were not sized right for our group so most left hungry and the service was poor. The oddest thing of the night was they kept locking the door to the restaurant despite it being middle of service (7pm). Would not recommend.Excellent service! An absolutely one of a kind experience in the heart of Philly. The best baklava I've ever had! So many delicious courses. We didn't even question what was coming out! Keep it coming! So, so good. Great for birthdays and special occasions!Amazing experience.  The food, atmosphere, presentation and service are outstanding.  Dinner is served in courses and I recommend making a reservation for your party.  The owners will go out of their way to make it an unforgettable night.I literally could not walk out of this restaurant- I was beyond comfortably full!! This place is fantastic for large groups. It fits the bill of what one may stereotypically expect from a Moroccan restaurant- dim lighting, loads of pillows and tapestries, and belly dancers of course... 
The food is what shines here. You're given the option of vegetarian or meat, with a few options for each course. Its all family style and the portions are beyond ridiculous. You wash your hands at the beginning of the meal and basically use your hands for the entire meal- yep no utensils here. This worked out great until super hot meat platters were brought to the table. Hmm how do I eat this without suffering 2nd degree burns?  Of course- the bread! Stock up on bread early- it comes in handy later on. After a few courses we wondered whether the meal would be coming to an end within the next three hours. It seems like they kept bringing more and more food out.
So many many hours later the meal finally did come to an end. I walked out with enough leftovers to feed a small village. Its BYOB so bring a ton of wine- the meal is long, but well worth it!!!Great service and the entries are AMAZING. The honey lamb and spicy chicken make me feel like a small child on ChristmasThe Food:
Best check yourself, before you wreck yourself...this is a seven course meal of pure deliciousness, including deconstructed salads, meat pie (an oddity, but very tasty), chicken, lamb, couscous, and dessert pastries. All of it is screaming with flavors ranging from creamy and savory, to oily and spicy, to fruity and tangy, to sweet and salty ;and all of it tastes freakin' fantastic. Thus, I am strongly advising you pace yourself. Everything we ate at the restaurant was so unique, each course deserves its own review. Thus, it will have to suffice to say that the meal was excellently prepared and even if the overwhelming amount of food could not be finished, it was taken home.
The Atmosphere:
As this was my first experience with a Moroccan restaurant, I'm not sure if all Moroccan restaurants will have this theme, but the mood was very enchanting, romantic, and relaxed. I highly recommend this restaurant as a place for a romantic or private dinner with your partner. Although passageways are somewhat narrow and it is difficult to see some of the surfaces around you, it only adds to the charming character of the restaurant. The owner and staff put out a true effort to make you and yours feel special. From the secretive entrance off South Street  to the rose water hand bath prepared before meals.
The Price:
The prices here are probably the most affordable you will find in Philadelphia for such a foodie experience. A seven course meal for two people (though plenty for 3-4) and two rose water drinks was ~$74, which included tip.
The Service:
The service was almost as intimate as the restaurant, as your waiter/waitress typically kneels or sits down before you, carefully explains the components of the meal, and frequently checks in on you. The greeting at the entrance was very personable; a few knocks on the ornate black door will summon the staff to escort in through the drapes and off to a very nice evening.We happened upon this restaurant while looking for somewhere to eat on south street. What a happy accident! After knocking on the door and being greeted by the manager/owner? We were transported into an authentic Moroccan experience with tapestry covered walls, carved painted tables and pillow topped benches bordering the walls. The food surpassed all expectation. Moist, flavorful, highly complex tastes, on simple dishes. We were served 7 courses and had one choice of meats making it easy to order for the morrocan food novice. Do not go here for a light meal, but if you'd like to enjoy all that is eating and drinking come to Marrakesh for a night you will never forget!Just finished our birthday celebration for 8. I rarely review restaurants but I feel compelled to comment. First cash only- what?  I had to trudge two blocks to an ATM. 
Second- you are literally sitting on top of the party next to you. It's tight. Tight tight tight. If they're a bunch of millennial college grads talking about grad school and complaining about penn vs Drexel in very loud voices your dinner experience will be ruined. 
Third do not come here if you don't want to climb stairs. We were seated on the third floor. Did I mention tight tight tight?
Fourth the belly dancer came around once for one minute. The reason we booked it was to experience some entertainment for a birthday celebration. Very disappointing. 
The food was fine. Best course was the first one. It sort of went downhill from there. 
Thee was a hundred people outside waiting to get in so I'm sure my review won't matter but...never again.The staff is friendly, the food is 7 courses and HUGE servings, great for a large group, and the belly dancer was a nice touch for a fun atmosphere.The food here was so delicious there is no doubt that i will be returning. There were four of us when we went here and next time i want to get two more to join because there was so much food i couldn't finish It all! They give you a towel for your lap and you can take as much bread as you want, the whole meal is eaten with the bread and your hands. If you split the bill with everyone the price isn't bad at all. Also amazing atmosphere can't wait to go back!The friendliest and most welcoming staff I've ever encountered. Despite waiting an hour for our reservation, we enjoyed a delicious authentic Moroccan dinner, complimentary wine and belly dancing entertainment. 
Also loved the decor and Arabic music is a plus.... I cannot wait to come back!Marrakesh is an experience.  You have to ring a bell to be let into the restaurant.  Once you order, the servers come to the table with warm rose-water which they pour over your hands to clean them.  Then they lay big towels over your lap to wipe your hands on because your fingers are your utensils here.  it's awesome. Big, Moroccan rugs cover the walls, ceiling and chairs.  
The food is soo good.  The lamb with almonds and honey is mouth-watering.  The five-course meal is huge, so come hungry and wear loose clothing, cus' your gonna expand!Marrakesh is an experience unlike any other restaurant could give you.
Let's start with the fact that you have to ring the doorbell to this place before even getting in. If that's not enough to make you feel like you're in for something unique, I'm not sure what is.
So I won't get into huge detail but the jist of it is this- 7 courses. $33 after tax/tip. You eat with your hands off of a communal plate so make sure you bring your friends who wash their hands after going to the bathroom. The occasional belly dancer may shimmy through as well.
This place is 3 stories high and I only got a glimpse of the top two. I have to say they were very cool looking and there were plenty of spaces for big groups. 
Ok, so I noticed that this whole review (which I was about to end) didn't even mention the food. The food is pretty good. I wouldn't go back for the food alone. The chicken is melt in your mouth delicious, but nothing really wows me. But it's definitely a place to take out of town guests if you really want to give them a unique and fun experience.Food: The food was amazing. I went with a party of 5 which seemed to be a great size for this dining experience and everyone of us loved the food. We were all first timers at Marrakesh and we also had never tried Moroccan food and we were all pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food was. Standout dishes: the salad (omg so good). The chicken. You can order the chicken mild or spicy or get the spicy sauce on the side. It was amazing and tender. The kabob. We tried lamb and beef which were both very flavorful. The lamb was literally falling off the bone. I highly recommend the lamb. Fresh fruit at the end. Who doesn't love fresh fruit?  You get a total of 7 courses so pace yourself.
Ambience: The restaurant is very intimate. It feels very exclusive especially because of the location. It's technically a street but it feels like an alley way. I've literally walked by this street maybe 200 times and never thought anything of it. They have (I'm guessing Moroccan) music playing which is very ear friendly. The design of the place alone is enough to make you want to go back. It's beautiful. This place makes you feel like you're right in Morocco.
Service: The people who worked there were so pleasant and hospitable. Great service.
They are byob so take your choice of beverage and you will surely enjoy yourself. The price is $30-35 /personThis place is not the typical restaurant! It actually looks like a brothel inside except all the private rooms are dining rooms, not that I've frequented a lot of brothels in my time. Awkward. lets move on. 
So you get a big group of people (not for a gang bang... this is not a brothel) and you make sure to make your reservation in advance because you won't be eating here other wise. once you're seated the rest takes care of itself. Its like a tasters menu where you get 10 courses of food that is plopped in front of you ready to be massacred by your hands (I really don't remember using tools to eat? Was I that Drunk?) Needless to say the food tastes amazing (not because I was drunk that day.. I've been here a few times) the service is incredible the belly dancer does her thing, but most importantly you come here for the company!!!This 7 course meal restaurant is delicious! You really get the full Moroccan experience. The service is amazing (brings flatbread every 10-15 minutes), there is belly dancer, and great atmosphere!
It is a great place if you want to just experience outside of the 'norm'Great food! Simple and delightful atmosphere. Definitely going back. Didnt rnkoy the lamb as much as I hoped I would. Next time going with the kabobs. 7 courses all for $33 after tax and tip. Great deal. Don't eat lunch that day.Marrakesh is obviously all about the experience. From the low-key location on Leithgow Street to the doorbell you have to ring and wait to be greeted before entering. The interior is dimly lit and full of vibrant colors from tapestries and decorated pillows that adorn the seating areas. Our party of six was seated in a backroom upstairs - incredibly comfortable and got me excited for the meal.
The waiter first arrives and asks for very few decisions about the 7-course meal. We opted for the spicy chicken and then the lamb entree, accompanied by a vegetarian option for our one friend. We also ordered two carafes of cheap wine - $12 each. The waiter then returns with a partner carrying a giant metal bowl with a teapot on top. He asks that everyone puts their hands in the center of the table then pours water over them and asks you to wash up; a towel is placed over everyones' hands to dry off. They soon return with smaller towels that are draped over your laps in indication of the messy meal that will soon begin.
The first course is a three-salad platter consisting of cucumber and tomato - coriander marinated carrots and cooked eggplant in tomato sauce. They bring out a giant basket full of pita breads and offer you to take as many as you'd like. This salad was delicious and probably my favorite part of the meal. Next is a giant pie made of phyllo dough stuffed with scrambled eggs, parsley and ground chicken. It's topped with powdered sugar and cinnamon. This wasn't well received because the chicken was sparse and the dish was too sweet overall. It was also very hard to eat the crumbly ground chicken and eggs with your hands.
Two main courses are presented - the first being an entire roasted chicken covered in a spicy cumin sauce. This chicken was delicious, perfectly cooked but the skin was not crispy enough for my taste, fortunately it was easy to remove. Next is a roasted lamb shank off the bone, covered in honey and slivered almonds. The meat was cooked well but like the chicken pie, this dish was way too sweet for my tastes. Finally is a couscous with chick peas, raisins and shredded chicken. I prefer my couscous sticky and salty but this was very sweet and moist, almost stew-like.
For dessert you are brought a plate of bananas, oranges and apples, a plate of delicious baklava and very sweet hot mint tea.
Overall Marrakesh is a lot of fun - you get to experience a traditional Moroccan meal and have plenty of time to relax and chat with your friends. I would have prefered less sweet and more savory dishes but others might disagree. Expect to spend around two hours eating. After wine we thought it was a bit pricey but still not too bad for the city - it came to about $37 a person including tip.Dining at Marrakesh was a wonderful, authentic experience. The atmosphere was cozy, with colorful tapestries and low couches and tables. As for the food, all the courses were good, but a few were great. The phyllo dough/egg pie was a highlight, as was the lamb with honey and almonds. The mint tea to finish is always a favorite; I can never quite get it to taste the same at home. Since there's no real menu to speak of, service is quick, and the host and waiters were friendly and helpful.The experience of dining at Marrakesh truly begins before you even step into the restaurant.  You have to use the big door knocker on the brightly painted door to signal that you're there, and the this big Morroccan man opens the door slowly and lets you in.  Creepy? maybe.  Did I love this? absolutely.  The restaurant is quite dim, and there are these round tables with circular couches that surround them.  We ate upstairs since we had a large party.  The restaurant isn't technically BYOB since they do serve alcohol there, however we brought bottles and they were more than happy to open them for us.  The first course was enough to fill my belly with deliciousness: eggplant, cucumber, carrots--OH MY.  Absolutely perfect.  I loved the fact that you used pita as your utensils, very old school--very awesome.  The 2nd course was amazeballs (can't for the life of me remember what its called.... doesn't matter though).  The 3rd course we got the chicken which was spicy but not overwhelming.  Perfectly seasoned.  The meat literally fell right off of the bone and was so perfectly juicy.  I'm drooling on my keyboard as I write this.  We then got another course of beef kabobs and the lamb.  The lamb meat melted in your mouth, and the beef was perfect.  We then got the most perfectly cooked couscous, and then got the fruit platter and baklava.  Food coma in 3...2....1....... I'm definitely going back on a weekend sometime to experience the belly dancer.  AMAZING.This is another time I wish Yelp had the 1/2 star option. If so, Marrakesh would be 3.5 stars.  
I have seen this place quite a few times off of 5th and South but this was my first visit. We were a quasi, unofficial bachelor party for my wife's nephew and probably the strangest and most unlikely grouping for a "wolf pack" ever, but that is another story. The inside is pretty cool and with the tiles, pillows, decor it seemed almost as if we had walked into someone's house in Morocco. The staff was super friendly and very polite and explained Marrakesh has been open for 30 years. Middle Eastern music and Moroccan pop songs played softy in the back ground.
The food on the whole was  good. As others has explained the menu is more or less prix fixed and the choices are limited. The staff gives you some modification options but not much. The only down point food wise was our beef kebab was tough and over cooked. Everything else, especially for a bulk serving style was very good. To check out Marrakesh's menu on their webpage http://www.marrakesheastcoast.com/menu.pdf
Marrakesh has a belly dancer on Friday and Saturday nights and that was interesting. One of our group was Egyptian and he said she was quite outstanding. I wouldn't know good belly dancing from bad, so I can't really confirm. The dancing was tasteful and not raunchy.
One other thing of note is that with some Mid Eastern and North African cuisines, silver ware is in absentia. Guests are encouraged to eat with their hands as the custom in Morocco. All adding to a unique and sometimes a slightly messy experience.
The pricing was pretty reasonable, we were a little under $50.00  per person with 2-3  beers each and gratuity included. Marrakesh does have a small beer and limited drink menu. Marrakesh was doing a brisk business with groups like ours, well no group was quite like ours, but with large parties anyway. Marrakesh is cash only.
To end the night, we were served fruits, baklava and mint tea. It was really a cool place and we all had a good time. I am not in a hurry to return to Marrakesh but for a unique or special occasion it is pretty cool.Food was awesome, friendly staff, and fun for groups!This is my first time eating Moroccan food and it has to be one of my favorite foods (beside sushi). I love how everything wasn't too heavy. There was a lot of vegetables and really yummy meat. My favorite had to be the eggplant salad thing (even though eggplants are definitely not my favorite). It was sooooooooooooooo delicious!!! I've never had veggies taste like that. It went very well with the bread.
This kind of dining is definitely DIFFERENT. You're basically sitting down on the floor with a round table. I'm a stickler for proper table etiquette and this place breaks every rule, but it's their culture so I'm open to it. You eat with your HANDS. No utensils. You mix and drop the food with your bare hands onto the bread. But you can wash your hands in the rose water (which smells super intoxicating, i love it!).
There's not liquor there, but BYOB and you'll have a lovely time!This was my first time eating Moroccan food and my second restaurant since I have been in Philly (8 days to be exact). The experience, coupled with the food, forces me rate this restaurant 5 stars!
From the moment we arrived, we felt like a guests that had been invited into someone's home. We were greeted at the street by a man who opened the door and invited us in, just as you would a friend who was in from out of town. The man explained the menu and gave us a few options. We chose to have the spicy chicken option and beef kabobs. 
Every dish was well presented and full of flavor! There were 6 in all! They came out at a slow tempo which allowed us to savor each dish and anticipate what was to come next!  There wasn't one I didn't like; my favorite was the couscous...it came out as the 5th course. This dish can sometimes be dry and grainy, but it had a savory sweet flavor to it!
The only down side is it is cash only, but the staff politely pointed us to the nearby ATM machine (literally 150ft away). 
I would definitely go back and recommend it as a date night and a place for groups. There is not a lot of seating on the main level, so you may want to arrive around 6 to be guaranteed a seat for your party.One of my favorite places to take people when they come to town.  Unique place tucked away on a side street in Society hill, the food is good, cheap and just keeps coming.  The second "dish" is my favorite, but lets be real anything with powdered sugar is amazing.  It's $70 for two people, which includes tax and tip.  It's BYOB, but you can also buy booze there is you want.  I don't love the belly dancers roaming the restaurant, but I am sure I am in the minority there.  
If you have a chance, definitely worth a trip.  Just remember, it's cash only.This spot was a really cool place to catch a unique and delicious dinner!
It's located a few blocks off of the main drag and down an alley. It certainly adds to the mistake of the place. Upon entering, we were greeted by a number of thick curtains that lead into the dining room. The dining room is dimly lit, and has some incredible Moroccan decor. Everyone sits on pillowed benches on which you can easily recline and there's a common small table that everyone it's from. It's very authentic! There's seating for around30 people in the downstairs dining area and an equally large dining room upstairs.
The Decour definitely heightens the food experience here as well. Everything is served from what is effectively a family-style menu. The five courses included pita with roasted vegetables - the roasted eggplant is absolutely incredible, a delicious puff pastry dish, some spicy chicken which was not too spicy and was incredibly flavorful, lamb dish, a beef dish, fruit and some of the best baklava we've ever had! Everything was good to great, the lamb was a bit overdone but had a good char.
Everything came out on platters and we shared throughout. If you're somebody who doesn't like other people touching your food, this probably isn't for you, but if you're cool with it it's delicious.
The drink options included rosewater, which was delicious, as well as plenty of beer and wine options. There was another Moroccan drink that was seasoned with Anis and was very tasty. 
Overall, this place was really solid. The food was very good, but I didn't totally blow us away.The ambience, Decore and food combination though made this a really solid place and one we would absolutely come back to if we lived in town. Keep up the great work folks!This is an experience, not just a meal.
Found in an alley-ish way of south street, Philadelphia, when you walk in, you are immediately transported to Morocco with the endless of carpets and tapestries hung on the walls, the music, and very dim lighting. 
About three floors, there are some private rooms if you have large parties - which they are very accommodating. Also have I mentioned it's BYOB (this is why Philadelphia is the best) - so feel free to bring whatever. They will provide the wine glasses and ice.
Now to the food. It is like an 8 course meal and I believe standardized - so being there  my second time, I knew what to expect. Served family style and without utensils so be prepared to just dig in with your hands - be careful the dishes come out very hot.
All the courses are great, some better than others. The lamb on the bone (forget what course number that was) is insanely good. No worries if you're a vegetarian, they are super accommodating and will bring out a separate plate for you. Some people love the 2nd course but I'm not the biggest fan - some type of powdered sugar pastry with eggs/chicken mix in it. Definitely keep an open mind here and just take in the experience.
There are also belly dancers that will come around and dance for your party. 
The atmosphere is conducive for large parties! 
Definitely on the pricier side - ends up being about 30 bucks per person, so do know you are paying for the entire experience, not just the food. Also, FYI, it is cash only... which kinda sucks
I would suggest everyone come here at least once!Wow!   Awesome food!  Great service!  Top notch entertainment!   Great place for a night out with friends.  Unique experience.   Highly recommended.A quaint out of the way place. 
You come to this establishment for the experience more so than the food. No belly dancer the night I was here. 
The food is good, nothing absolutely outstanding, but nothing terrible either. 
I highly suggest you attend this restaurant with a group of friends, not just a couple more like four plus. You then will enjoy the experience more with your friends,I can't believe I've waited this long to write a review about Marrakesh. 
Go to this restaurant for a 7 course meal, for about $40 pp. On the weekends they have belly dancers walking around. Also, you can bring a nice big bottle of wine because you'll probably be there for a good hour and a half. 
The oasis carrot salad that comes in the first course is amazing. I tracked down the recipe (Bon Apetit) and make it weekly for myself. For the meat course I always get the chicken with lemon and olives. I don't know how they make that chicken but it is ridiculously moist. Also, I looked up the recipe for the B'stella pie but I haven't ventured to try and make that yet. 
This is a great place to come for a date, or even with a large group. They have a bunch of little intimate seating areas that are perfect for any occasion. Also, you will eat with your hands so it might not be ideal for germaphobes.Finally got to try this place this weekend and boy was it an experience. 7 courses. all in a big vat in the middle of the table eating with your hands. It was a blast. Definitely go with a big group and bring some wine as it's a byo. The phyllo wrapped chicken was probably my favorite. There's belly dancing (only on the weekends apparently) which made it one of the best evenings in a long time. You get a big towel napkin because of how sloppy you get and they wash you down with rose water. It is simply just a wonderful place I will be sure to return.Everything about this place was amazing. From the atmosphere, to the wine, to each course. Every time the waiter brought something to our "table" (large gold platter) we said "this is my favorite!" Make sure you pace yourself and save room for baklava and mint tea at the end.I really like this place. It's one of the best places to go with a group in Philly, I think. The food that they serve here is really so delicious.and it is all at a most ridiculously good price. I've been here twice - the first time they ran out of the naan-like bread (!!what!!) and the second time was thankfully perfect. Unfortunately, little did I realize that when you come to Marrakesh multiple times in a row, you get the exact same food each time. And for me, that is enough for me to not come back again. BUT, that should not deter you from coming to this place. If it's your first time, I'm so excited for you. But if it's your second time, hopefully you're here for a special event; otherwise I'd tell you to go somewhere else.Marrakesh is a fun place to bring a group. Make sure you get a belly dancer for the full experience. 
The vibe they're going for is a traditional Moroccan meal at someone's home. You have to ring the doorbell, and a fez-wearing waiter will let you in. Before the meal, they bring you rosewater in which to wash your hands (because you'll be eating with them). You get a 7 course meal, which your whole party shares. There is a set price per person, and I believe it's cash only.
I've been here with 2 sets of coworkers, and I'd happily go back with another group.Came here for a friends birthday on a Wednesday night, party of 13. We were seated upstairs and we were the only people there so we could be as loud as we wanted. A very different experience, so much food!!! Favorite courses were the three salad appetizer and spicy chicken. Loved the fruit platter at the end, they weren't joking about.  We didn't have any belly dancers since it wasn't the weekend but totally fun and worth a visit for something other than traditional American.This was a really cool experience and I'm really glad I got to try Marrakesh. However a few things - this place is cash only! Although a previous review on yelp said that the 7 course meal cost $25 including tip, I actually paid closer to $35 so watch out for that. Also, it's in a really tiny alley so ask your uber to drop you off or pick you up at a more accessible corner if you can. Other than that, it was fun trying to eat without utensils or plates. I wasn't a fan of this powdered sugar chicken dish we got, but everything else was great - especially loved the tea here. Also there's a belly dancer!Very cool place. You walk into what seems like a living room with couches and round coffee tables as the dining tables. 
You eat the entire meal with a towel on your lap as a sort of large body-napkin. This is different, but useful as you're eating solely with your hands and that can get quite messy. 
As for the food: all 7 courses were very good and I personally loved the variety. You did not have to pick one entree but rather got the full spread of Moroccan cuisine. Loved the lamb although it's a pretty fatty meat. Finished it off with a hot cup of mint tea. 
Oh yeah, and there was a belly dancer which certainly added to the whole experience. I would recommend this as a great group outing or date night if you want a cultural experience and something different from your ordinary dining options. 
FYI: cash only. Had to sneak out and hit up the atm across the street in the smoke shop. Ended up buying some hookah to keep the "mellow" vibe going. 
Definitely check this place out.I have been here once before and remember not being that impressed. This time on the other hand we had a great time. I enjoyed all the dishes and ordered the lemon chicken and lamb. The first plate was excellent. I really enjoyed the eggplant dish with pita. My recommendation would be to go early and sit on the first floor it's much more comfortable.I love this place - because it is exactly what it is supposed to be: nothing more, nothing less.
The food is amazing, the price is cheap, and the decor authentic. They have the best baklava I've ever tasted, and the chicken is incredible. E servers are friendlyMarrakesh serves 7 courses for only $25, but that's not what makes it so amazing. Eating here is like being transported into someone's home in Morocco, with the ornate tapestries on the walls and the cozy, dark ambiance. 
Our group of 8 was seated upstairs in a small circular sofa area. There was a large table in the middle for everyone to share food. We had two vegetarians in our group, and the waiter easily accommodated for them. There are no utensils or plates -- you just grab food off the table in the middle. 
In terms of the food, prepared walk out very full. They give you as much pita as you want, but be careful not to fill up on one of the earlier courses (although their eggplant appetizer is absolutely amazing). Dessert for us consisted of a baklava and a giant bowl of fruit.
Overall, good food, even better atmosphere. I've already recommended this place to many of my friends. It's the experience of eating here that makes Marrakesh so wonderful, and I'll definitely be back in the near future.I tried out this place because of the rating on Yelp and everybody review about how wonderful this place is. It did not meet up to my expectation. The food was tasteless.  Nothing really "wowed" me. the Lamb and chicken was not seasoned to perfection..I expected the meats to be roasted/grilled or something and seasoned well. The only thing that was seasoned was the eggplant.
 You are charged about 35 dollar per person even though the meal is shared amongst your group of friends.
I could have went to another place and purchase good food half the price of what i paid at the Marrakesh. 
On the flip side staff was attentive and kind, belly dancer was really entertaining.This place was great! The food is spectacular and it just keeps coming (7 courses!) a little hard to find (as the door is locked which threw us off a little). Also watch out for the surprise show halfway through dinner! The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is because it took about 10 minutes for us to get a water refill (which was tough for some of us after spicy food!) otherwise extremely reasonably priced for a great experience!I absolutely love this place. 
My school's end of the year dinner was located at this place and the name rang a bell. After thinking about it more, I realized I have been here before about 5 years ago for a birthday party. At that time, I remember it being delicious and it was something unique because we ate with our hands. Also there were belly dancers there! 
When I went again recently (a week ago), I had an emergency so I had to leave right after. I called the restaurant earlier in the day to let them know I probably would not be able to make it. But the owner insisted I came in to get the food packed. I obliged, and glad I did! 
We had a party of 25 at least, and we all got seated at around 3 huge round tables upstairs. I stayed for the appetizer, which was actually just what I had remembered 5 years ago! And just as delicious. Good to know that some things don't change :) This was just #1 in our 7 course meal that we had gotten as a group. 
I had to leave after this meal and asked for a to-go box. To my surprise, I got 5 boxes to take home. I went back and opened each box. I got plenty of food. I got the chicken, which was marinated so delicious. I also got lamb, which at first I was hesistant about since I don't enjoy lamb particularly, but I don't know what it was, but this lamb was ...differently marinated? cooked differently? I'm not sure what it was, but I kept eating the lamb! It was so good! First time I will say that. 
I also got some desserts- a egg dessert with a pastry covering it, it was something I've never had before, but very delicious. 
And then I topped it off with the dessert, which was a honey, very sweet, dessert- it was delicious, but I couldn't see myself eating too much of it because it was very sweet, but the amount he gave me was perfect. 
I had forgotten about this place, but ever since coming here again, I would definitely think of this place again, especially for big parties. The owner was so nice and gave me such a good amount of food to eat. He was very nice about the whole situation. The variety of food is also just so good. I'll come back again for sure! Hopefully earlier than 5 years :)I've always been adventurous where food is concerned. Growing up in a multicultural paradise allows you to try new things all of the time. My husband can be a little hesitant, so when I described this place to him I promised that this experience would be worthwhile. As the driver dropped us off, we began to worry that we were in the wrong place until we saw the sign. You must knock and wait for the doorman, who is an extremely kind man. Once there is available space, you are whisked into what almost feels like another world. The smells, and small intimate settings alone made me happy. We were taken to the top floor and placed in a dimly light room with two other parties. I was worried that this would be awkward or "too crowded," but everything turned out fine. I had mentioned to my husband that they only accepted cash, and that the meal is 25 per person. Upon seeing this price in reviews I wondered if we would be full after the meal. We were full by the third course! There are technically seven courses (but some would not count the dessert of fruits and baklava as a course). There are no utensils, but that didn't stop us from digging right in. I started to wonder if we would get a visit from the belly dancers that seemed to only exist downstairs, when suddenly we heard cheering from the next room and moments later she appeared in our doorway. From beginning to end this was an experience we will not forget. Thank you Marrakesh for an extremely memorable night.Friday night is absolutely a MUST for this place. Its tough to find, down a small alley and you have to knock or ring the doorbell to get in.  They keep wine flowing, traditional Moroccan music playing, pita bread in large quantities and the atmosphere is just all around awesome.  The decor is wonderful! Awesome for groups and terrible for the germ-o-phobe.
The food is served in 7 courses, after they wash everyone's hands with a warm water pot and towels.  Water, wine, cous cous, the best beef kabobs I've had in a long time, baklava, gorgeous fruits, and the list goes on....
Just be careful walking up to the second and third floors... if you're over 5'2" you will have to duck and there's not much light to work with.  It just adds to the experience.My review of Marrakesh should really be broken into two parts- one for people who haven't experienced Moroccan restaurants and another for people who have.
For those of you who have never been to ANY Moroccan restaurants, lemme break this shiz down for you.  So you show up and they seat you at a big round table, low to the ground, with nice cushy pillows on your seats.  The meal is broken into 7 parts, all of which are eaten with your hands or using pita (with the exception of the couscous).  First is cold dips- hummus (at some places, not all), baba ghanoush, marinated carrots, and cucumber salad.  The second is something called a bastilla, which is a phyllo dough stuffed with egg, chicken and nuts, and covered in powdered sugar and a sprinkle of cinnamon.  Courses three and four are meat courses- can be kabobs, roast chicken, lamb, (or veggie options, for you plant-eating folks).  The fifth course is couscous.  The sixth course is fresh fruit.  And the final seventh course is baklava and mint tea.  Sound good?  Damn right it sounds good.  And if you are lucky, you will be treated with a belly dancing show.  Ooh la la.
For those people who have already popped their bastilla cherry, I can tell you that Marrakesh is a pretty standard Moroccan joint but definitely my favorite in the city.  I really like that it is multiple levels, so each table feels very cozy and private.  One downfall of the multiple levels is that when the belly dancer comes out, you can only see her if she's in your section (unlike Casablanca in NE Philly that is more open AND has a male dancer, but that's for another review).  And its location right off South Street gives you easy access to continue the party after dinner. 
Food wise, Marrakesh is definitely the better of the Moroccan places in Philly.  Marrakesh does not have hummus in their first course, however the baba ghanoush more than makes up for that.  On our last visit, we got the spicy chicken and the lamb with almonds.  Both were delicious- the chicken had a nice kick to it and was super juicy.  The lamb was both savory and sweet at the same time.   Yum!
Marrakesh is best visited with a group- great place for a double or triple date.  Or a girls night out.  Make sure to bring booze, as this spot is BYOB.  And also make sure to bring some cash, because they don't take credit.  And make sure to do some sit-ups if you want to challenge the dancer to a belly dance-off.This is a great "off-the-beaten-path" restaurant in Philly. 
I have been to Marrakesh several times and have always been satisfied. The food is good, the price is fair, and the experience is really fun. 
Marrakesh is a Moroccan restaurant that serves the meal in the authentic way. The menu is preset, it is family style, and everyone eats with their hands. The place serves alcohol but also allows you to BYOB with no corkage fee!
The food is all pretty good--- I would say there is nothing that is mind-blowing, but everything is quality. I really appreciated how accommodating they are to people with allergies!
The service is good--servers are nice, knowledgeable and quick.
The atmosphere is cool--feels like you are eating in a Moroccan home! And there is a belly dancer some nights that is a lot of fun.
The price is right and this place is great for groups of 6-10!
Definitely a recommended dining experience.My husband and I went here last night. Our server Hassim was kind, welcoming and made our experience wonderful. My husband and I had a nice little section of our own secluded from everyone else in the restaurant. The atmosphere was cozy and comfortable, the music was beautiful and not at all obnoxious. The best part of course was the food. 7 courses for two people only at$60 was not bad at all! Especially given that the quality was excellent and halal! By the second course we were stuffed, but the food kept coming, and every dish was better than the last. It was a great dining experience for us, as we don't get out too much. We will be back and encourage people to try it out.Even if you go on a night when were aren't belly dancers, it will still be a great time. Hassim bagged our left overs. I'm writing this review and now that i think about it, i cant wait to get home and finish my food, unless my husband already ate the rest -__-The experience is worth the trip.  As for the food, the appetizers were delicious- especially the eggplant.  Chicken was OK, but seemed to lack flavor.  The lamb was tender but overly sweet.  Couscous was average.  But I enjoyed my time here. My friend, who spent 5 weeks in Morocco, did not.Marrakesh in Philly is an AWESOME experience that I've had the pleasure of enjoying a number of times.
Reserve a table, and make sure you go hungry! You have to knock on the door to be let in. Once passed the door, the atmosphere is warm (and will seem warmer after the third or fourth course) and inviting. 
The best way to get the most out of the experience is to block off a few hours (or more) go with three, four or five people, get carafes of the house red wine and get at it. Course after course will be unique and delicious. Don't be afraid to get your hands a little dirty. Go here with close friends and you won't be disappointed.If you're looking for a comfortable, delicious, and entertaining experience with friends this is definitely the place to go. I have been there several times and each time I have a wonderful time. The different courses are alll amazinggg! Satisfaction for each and everyone of your taste buds! 
Even those who are not a fan of vegetables will be in love with them! 
Very reasonable price for SOOO MUCHH FOOD! Your friends will love being together either with their hands with a nice glass of wine. 
The entertainment (bellydancer) is also good.
Great great place!First off, I would definitely recommend a reservation. Marrakesh is a really charming, cozy restaurant with amazing food. You ring the doorbell, walk in and it seems like you're transported to another world. My group of 3 was placed on the second floor in a room with three other separate tables (watch your step going up and down, the stairs are a bit narrow). They start you off by giving you a towel to place over your lap, which you will find is a god send since you will be using your hands and bread to eat basically everything. They have you rinse your hands off with a very pleasant smelling water into a basin that they bring directly to your table. I won't go over every dish that we got, but you're going to be very happy with the preset menu. We got the spicy chicken, and I won't say that I'm the best at handling spicy food, but it wasn't too spicy and added a lot of flavor to the chicken. The chicken came off the bone very easily and was very tender, which is always a plus especially for chicken. The lamb with honey and almonds was amazing too, also very tender and flavorful. It's safe to say that I probably will dream about this food sometime in the future. I will definitely be back! Oh, by the way, at some point a belly dancer came into the room. Definitely do tip her!This place is so amazing! When I saw the reviews of this place I knew my lady would like this since we both enjoy Moroccan food, but this place was so much better than any other restaurant I've been to that she actually fell in love...with the restaurant that is. 
This is a 3 story house with plush cushions to relax on and rugs on the wall, and groups sit around a table in different rooms in the house. It's all very intimate & relaxing. You can also bring your own bottle even though Marrakesh has a full (cheap) bar. 
It seems they try to seat people around the same time, and since this is a 7 course meal you need at least 2 hours. This also means that you can't come to the restaurant at 10 pm since they close around 11 pm. You should also make reservations because it gets crowded on the weekend. 
Out of the 7 courses we could only finish 4 of them--the amazing salad, the bastilla, the wonderful herb chicken that's prepared for 3 hours, and the baklava. Neither of us liked the beef kabobs since it was well done but I'll try the lamb next time. It may be slightly disorganized at times but this is pretty much the pinnacle of what a restaurant should be. Oh, I forgot to mention that there's a very dancer on Fridays and Saturdays. You can even dance with her. Stupendous!This is not a restaurant, it is an experience! They have a seven course dinner, like a group sitting. It is easily missed, it is a regular door in an alley like area., you knock to get in. 
It is a cozy environment, and decor is very well done. It is slightly cramped. 
When you get there, they put towels, yes towels, over you, so anything you spill, can just go on that. Then you wash you hands, and then the food starts. 
The food was in enormous portions, given we were just three of us, but we enjoyed all the courses! The chicken in the phyllo dough was unexpectedly delicious! the mix of sweet with the chicken flavors was great! The next course of chicken was so tender, it just came off the bone. The lamb was the next course and wow, loved it! 
Ofcourse dessert was fruit and baklava...and the baklava gave me my full rush on sugar, and rightly so. And we all liked the mint tea, we actually asked for seconds!As stated elsewhere,  marrakesh is a very cool experience. Excellent food, the meat was absolutely delicious and cooked to an exquisite tenderness (we went with lamb with honey and almond, and the spicy chicken) 
The missing star comes from service. Initially  this place started off strong, they wash your hands in rose water and make sure you are clear on the format of their meals. However we got one cup of water each for the entire meal, asked multiple times for a refill and never got one. Additionally when we were served our final course which included mint tea, the tea was lukewarm. In general toward the end of our meal we felt essentially ignored, and waited an exceptionally long time for our last two courses. I think this had a lot to do with the fact that there was a very large party downstairs, but in any case I expected better service given that an 18% gratuity was added to the bill.Marrakesh is all about creating an experience, and sadly that experience is one I would prefer to never have again. 
I went with my bf, his parents, our close friend and her parents and friends to Marrakesh. She chose the restaurant, having been there before, and chose the 8:30pm seating time for our party of 10. The restaurant is located off of South Street on this almost alley-like street, and the moment you walk in you grasp the concept they're trying to throw out at you: a traditional Moroccan-style meal in a setting that's supposed to mimic Moroccan interiors, with loud Middle Eastern style music (that sounded like the Slumdog Millionaire soundtrack). Rugs are everywhere, on the floor and wall, and you sit on low couches or cushion stools around round tables. 
The meal is a 7 course prix fixe $35 per person (no a la carte menu), although they do have vegetarian alternatives to the meat dishes. The only menu they hand you is the drinks menu, which ranges from beer to wine to rose water to Coca cola. The menu is as follows:
First course: 3 salads, eggplant, tomato-cucumber, and carrot
Second course: phyllo pastry filled with chicken and egg with powdered sugar and cinnamon on top. Vegetarian alternative is without chicken, just egg.
Third course: Whole chicken, slow-cooked, either mild or spicy (we asked for spicy sauce on the side). Vegetarians get a lentil dish.
Fourth course: Either honey lamb or beef shish kebabs, we asked for both. Vegetarians have a spinach-filled rolled pastry.
Fifth course: Couscous topped with chicken, raisins, and vegetables. No chicken for vegetarians.
Sixth course: Fresh fruit bowl
Seventh course: mint tea and baklava.
The meal was awful from the start. They sat us all the way at the top floor, in the back - we're pretty sure they continuously forgot about us throughout the meal. Our waiter looked like he was in high school, and it took him 15 minutes to get our drinks (only 4 people ordered anything); in the mean time, the music was so obnoxiously loud we could barely talk to one another, let alone the people next to us, and the air conditioning was so high that I was shivering - and I was wearing a sweater! - and even after asking them to turn it down, it was STILL cold.
Considering that its a prix fixe menu, you would expect the food to come out quickly, but we waited about 45 minutes for the first course, which isn't even cooked! Our waiter was not attentive in general, and each course took far too long to come out (he also took forever to realize we were done with each dish). The food overall was not good - edible, but where were the spices? The FLAVOR?! My bf said the lamb was good, but otherwise we were all very disappointed in the dishes. And there was waaaay too much food, we felt bad towards the end because of all the wasted food since we could barely have more than a bite of the later courses. The fruit plate mostly went into people's purses. I was most disappointed by the baklava, which was truly awful just phyllo pastry and honey WHERE WERE THE NUTS?! I'm Greek, I love baklava and this was awful. 
Perhaps the worst part of the evening, after suffering through awful service, bad food and too much of it, obnoxious atmosphere (which includes a belly dancer going around to each table), the waiter brings the bill and tells us AT THAT MOMENT that they take cash or check but NOT credit cards. They didn't tell us when we made the reservations, they didn't tell us at the beginning of the meal to allow us to run to a bank and get money, they had the audacity to tell us right at the end. I thought he was joking, but no. We managed to pool enough cash together, but the entire experience was not worth it and I will NEVER go back there. If this restaurant is about creating an experience, all they did was create a bad one.If you've been to Marrakesh once, it's enough. Twice is too many.
Reasons to go:
1. Fun dining experience, especially for groups.
2. Price is right. Many courses for $25. BYOB. 
3. The spicy chicken is didic. As in ridiculously tasty. 
4. They're very accommodating to vegetarians.
5. They're very accommodating to food allergies. 
Reasons not to:
1. If there was a fire in the building, everyone would die. 
2. If you're claustrophobic, you won't be comfortable here. Three floors, low ceilings, small spaces.
3. If you're germaphobic, you won't be comfortable here. I asked for a serving utensil for our (whole) chicken and they wouldn't give me one. Hands only.
4. The pita leaves much to be desired. It ain't fresh. 
5. One of the courses is a bowl of fruit. Like an unpeeled banana and a bunch of grapes.
I would hate to see what this place looks like with the lights on.This place is truly unique and awesome! When you walk up to the door, you feel like you are about to be transported to another country. You must first knock, before being allowed entrance into this enchanted middle eastern local.
I suggest making reservations. Ambiance and food are amazing. A great place to bring out of town guest and to share some intimate time with your friends. All food is eaten by hand and family style. Will be back for sure!such a fun place for a group of people! before you read further, make sure you make reservations because this place gets busy, and based on the length of the dining experience, you might be waiting for quite a while to get a seat on a popular night. 
as others have said, the food is plentiful so come prepared to eat. though, i must say, the amount of food wasn't as scary as others noted in their reviews. for a group of four, we ate several bites of each dish but not so much that we tapped out after two or three courses. the highlights for me were the veggies (especially the eggplant) and the lamb. 
the staff were super accommodating and attentive but not overly so. they even accommodated my gluten allergy by providing me with a plate and fork (instead of the requisite pita) and modified each dish (except the dessert) with a gluten-friendly alternative. 
at 33usd per person for the amount of food served (and entertainment!), this is a steal. byob (with NO corkage fee) or purchase house wine per your individual preference.This place is very nicely decorated and the food is excellent ! It's a seven course menu so make sure you come with an empty stomach !! Great ambiance ! I'll definitely be back- I wish they had one in NYC !This a great Moroccan restaurant in Philly! Very authentic food and atmosphere! Set course menu with large portions, great for a group.I have been to Marrakesh many times and have always had a great experience there. The intimate atmosphere and Morracan cuisine are truly unique.
However, my most recent dinner there was somewhat abysmal. They sat us upstairs on the second floor, which was freezing cold. They said they would turn on the heat and it would warm up shortly. However, it never did. Our group spent the entire dinner with our winter jackets on and with frozen hands and feet. We particularly loved the chicken dish because we used the steam to warm our hands when it was served. I have quite never been so cold inside a building. To top it off, when we went downstairs the first floor was empty by that time, but there was a space heater turned on. Why did they never turn on the heat? Why did they not offer to bring the space heater up to the second floor?
Furthermore, there were no working bathrooms in the restaurant that night. I literally had to leave the vicinity, walk two blocks down South Street before finding a facility I could use. I  have never encountered this situation in a working restaurant, and I hope I will never have to again.
Would I never go back to Marrakesh? I wouldn't necessarily say that. I just will make sure it is a warm summer month at the very least.Friday night party of 8, 7pm. Parking on the street was doable. It was definitely an unique experience, a lot of decor all around, tight space, eating with your hands, belly dancing, shared family style 7 course. Food is ok, steak was over cooked, not a fan of sweet honey lamb, but I guess that's the traditional food. Wine opening fee was $3/ea.ppl, which I think is pricy especially for a party of 8, since I usually get charged by bottle.I was very disappointed in my experience at Marrakesh. I had heard great things about how the experience was so unique and the food was absolutely delicious, but I have to disagree. I came for dinner on a Friday night with a large group (30+) so we had our own room on the second floor. The service was definitely lacking as things were pretty obviously unorganized from the moment we were waiting outside. They opened their doors 15 minutes late, with at least 40 people standing outside waiting to be seated (though we all had reservations). The patron must have asked us at least 5-6 times what party we were with. When we finally got seated, everything took so long - from washing our hands, getting our appetizers, and waiting for our courses. Maybe I understood the menu wrong, but weren't we supposed to be able to pick which courses we got? Each section of our room got a different course which was upsetting because a lot of people were looking forward to trying more. The Wharton students I was with had been there before with a smaller group on a different occasion and were very unhappy. The bill was astronomically expensive for dinner and the meat for the chicken was great, but honestly all the other meats and hummus were not that great. The belly dancing was sub-par as well and lasted about 2 whole minutes, I've seen better at Disneyworld's Marrakesh Restaurant and would much rather go there for around the same price per person for such better food, service and experience. Also, the decor was pretty dark, dingy and didn't seem the most hygenic...An amazing and unique experience, from the atmosphere to the food itself. The inside is draped with rugs, tapestries, and decor that set make you forget that you're in the city. I came with a huge group of people for my friend's birthday, and we were easily accommodated. A belly dancer came by, and the servers were dressed for the Moroccan setting. All our dishes were exceptional and slow cooked to flavorful and tender perfection. This is my top choice if I were to bring family or friends from outside the city, or host a large group for dinner.Coming here for me has always been like visiting a sort of mafia den of good food.  You come to this random door on a side alley (they didn't used to have a sign... damn sign) and you knock on this locked door until someone bothers to answer.  If they have room, you may be graced with a seat.  YUM.  Inside it's all red and shiny and Aladdin harem glitz with cushions and low tables.  A guy comes with a magic lamp and pours water over your dirty little hands before the start of an amazing meal.
It's usually 5 courses or so of just the best damn food you've ever tore into with your hands.  Chicken, lamb, crusty flaky layered things, dates, nuts, all sorts of exotic tastes.  And mint tea!  And cheap house wine!  Get a bottle.  Go with a friend, they eyeball you and bring out an amount of food accordingly.  In my experience, two people is the best because you get all the food without multiple sets of hands on each plate.  No menus, it just sort of happens.  Cash only!  Might be pricey around $50 a person so be prepared to shell out or bring someone who pays.  Keep in mind you probably won't get laid afterwards though because super full stomach sex is no fun for anyone.I have no idea why this place has such a high rating!!! The food was bad. I went there with my boyfriend, after he had a craving for Moroccan food. And after reading all the reviews we were expecting a lot out of the place. The only things that we both liked was the ambience and the belly dancer. The 7 course meal was bad tasting food - the first course was a salad and egg plant - which had no seasoning. The 2nd course was a filo pastry kinda chicken dish with powdered sugar - no chicken at all - just got egg - just terrible! The 3rd was a half chicken - which was floating in vinegar and over cooked to death. The 4th was beef sheesh kebabs - which had no flavor and was so chewy with khus -khus that was cold! And finally the baklava and a bowl of fruits with hot tea! I have had better baklava and was not impressed with the tea or the fruits. I had a glass of wine which was ok - and cost me $14 a glass - and our total bill was $80!! For terrible terrible food! Don't know what the hype is all about! Will never go there or recommend the place to anyone!I went here on Saturday night with a group of 18 and had a great time. We had 8:30pm reservations but we were made to stand outside waiting for our room until 9pm. Luckily the weather and company were nice, so we didn't mind. We got up to our private little room and squished into the couches surrounding the tables. I honestly don't think we could've fit another person had we tried. I'm not going to detail each food item as plenty of reviews have done this before, but I only want to say that the experience was fantastic and this is a great place for a large group. The food was delicious (though I did burn my fingers on the meat). They have wine/beer, but you can also bring your own. Don't expect to have room for dessert (fruit and not-so-great baklava). Our group decided to have a fruit fight instead - what can I say, a group of 10+ medical residents who just finished board exams. What do you expect? I would definitely come back with a group...the quality of the food is fantastic and the portions are huge!The food is phenomenal.  The service was great.  You do need to go as a group because it is served with all 7 courses.  It's just very, very cramped or I would have given it 5 stars.  I really don't like to feel like I am sitting on the next person's lap when I am at dinner.This place is fantastic.  I have been here several times with parties large and small, and I have never been disappointed.  Last time I went, I was concerned because I had become vegetarian since my previous trip.  I planned to eat only the courses that were already vegetarian, so as not to limit the rest of my party.  When I asked a question about a dish, the man serving us informed me that he would make me an alternate for ever one of the seven courses.  Each one was delicious, and I left full to bursting.
Come here planning to spend at least two hours, and come hungry!  Oh, and bring cash, as I don't believe they take credit cards.This was indeed an interesting experience. For someone who is not too big of a fan of Moroccan/Mediterranean foods, I would totally recommend this place for the ambiance that it provides. Please note that they are a bit on the pricier side (can expect to be about $45 per person) and that they are cash only! The restaurant is a bit difficult to find, hidden along a small alleyway. When I first entered, the interior design most definitely caught me off guard as it was dark and narrow. I wondered if I was even in the right place or if I had been whisked away into a foreign land. There are multiple floors with seating areas set up to accommodate several large groups. I had come here with a reservation for a group of about 12 people, celebrating a friend's birthday. They explained that the progression of the night would consist of 7 courses. First, they come around pouring scented rose water on your hands and hand you towels to place on your lap. Then, came the endless supply of their bread, placed conveniently by the table side. The dishes came one after another. Most of them were meant to be eaten with your bare hands, also another cultural experience I had not been expecting. I particularly enjoyed the juicy eggplant, the second sweet and savory egg dish, and the well seasoned chicken. Although, I had knew that the food would not be all to enticing to me personally, I enjoyed the filling meal. By the end of the meal, a belly dancer had made her way by our table as several of my friends and I danced along. All in all, this seems to be quite the experience to have together with friends to celebrate and to have some intimate bonding! :)I came here with a group of about 17 people to celebrate two birthdays. This place was a lot of fun. In my opinion, you come here for the experience rather than the food. 
The entrance is located in an alley. We knocked on the door and someone dressed in a cloak type ensemble greeted us. He then opened a curtain which lead us into the first floor of the dining area. It appeared to be more for smaller parties. We then walked upstairs to the second floor which accommodated larger parties. The area we sat in had two round tables and couch like seating. The decor added to the Moroccan theme of the restaurant. Once seated, you're given a towel to place over your lap to wear throughout dinner. Also, you cleanse your hands with rose water before eating. 
The dinner was 7 courses family style. We had pita with a vegetable dish, flakey pastry type food, chicken, lamb, couscous with meat, hot tea, and a fruit plate. It was all good and different than what I normally eat. I wouldn't say it was enough food for our big group though having paid $35 a person. 
Overall, fun experience. I would like to come back with less people though to see the difference.Omg! This place is fantastic! Great service great food great price great environment great show! I am so happy that we picked this restaurant when we traveled in Philadelphia! A must go restaurant!!!!! Highly recommend!!I went here about a year ago for my birthday.  We had a very large group--over 20--and were assured we would have a room reserved to ourselves.  When we showed up, the previous party booked for our room wouldn't leave.  There's no bar area to wait in at Marrakesh, so we were relegated to our entire horde milling about in the cold outside.  
No worries, however--the manager brought out glasses and wine bottles while we were waiting in the alleyway.  We also had all our wine comped for the evening, a nice gesture considering the fact that we were waiting outside for a good 50 minutes.  
Once we finally got our room, everyone had to crowd onto the various seat cushions and ottomans, but the experience more than made up for the tardiness.  The 7-course meal was awesome and delicious, but definitely briskly paced--a downside if you have gustatory ADD, such as myself.  I would have certainly preferred to have more time to savor each dish as it got brought out.  
Oh, and there are belly dancers, if that's your thing.Great staff, awesome interactive entertainment (belly dancer took photos with us and asked people to dance), great food and fast service. Ask for Zach and say Sal recommended himHoly spanks - this place has got to be the best kept secret in the Philadelphia food scene.  I can't believe it has taken me so long to get here.  The life I was leading before experiencing dinner at Marrakesh now seems dull and grey; and, the food I've had since then.... sub-par. (I jest, of course- my brother is a wicked awesome chef and indulges me from time to time with culinary treats.)  In all seriousness though, this place puts the "Oh my god this place is fantastic!" into that old saying "Oh my god this place is fantastic!"
You enter by knocking on this beautiful but unassuming door on a little side street. (I actually couldn't figure it out at first and said  "open sesame" only to hear someone laugh behind me and use the knocker... Sufficiently embarrassed before the meal - check.). The owner opens the door which is similar to that closet thing in Narnia, because when you step through it, you are actually IN Morocco.  Like actually - no joke.  Travel these days is getting pretty impressive - amiright?!
Anyways, the decor inside is visually stunning.  Everything is gold or burgundy it dark red... And there are pictures and sconces and drapey fabrics all over the walls. It's really beautiful and brings a whole other element to your dining experience - and like other reviewers before me have said, this really is an experience.  Once you sit down, someone comes and washes your hands with ROSE WATER. I shit you not, actual rose water (side note: having "shit" and "rose" in the same sentence made me think of that song by Outkast... So it is now playing in the background as my inspiration yelp-review music). My hands smelled so good after I almost didn't want to sully them with the good food we were about to imbibe in.  Almost.  
You are served 7 courses of some of the most decadent and delicious food anyone could offer you.  A bunch of other people have already described what you are served, so I won't bother - but I will say it was positively divine.  Our group couldn't stop eating anything until they physically took it away from the table, and we really should have considering the copious amounts of food we were given.
Lastly - food never tastes as good as it really is if you have scheisty service. That was certainly NOT the case here.  I actually think the owner (who comes and talks to you throughout the meal to make sure you are enjoying yourself) is clairvoyant.  There was never one point in the meal when we waited longer than a millisecond with an empty water glass or no bread.  The staff there is really spectacular.  I can think of a handful of places that would do well to hire them to teach their own employees what it means to be a really good wait staff.
Bottom line (and closing to this novel of a review) get your ass and everyone you know to Marrakesh for dinner.  Your friends will be paying tribute to you for the rest of your life of you are the one to introduce them to this gem. (And lets get real - tribute swag is always good. Always.)
Maa Salama, fellow food lovers!my boyfriend and i were looking for a "cultural place" to eat. he had mentioned moroccan. i was a little eeehhhh on the mention of it. let's be real. i love american foods. anyway, he had said i would probably like it. we had searched and found marrakesh on here. i didn't read much of the reviews to be honest i was just like eh, ok, let's go there and grub. 
we had trouble finding the place. it's smudged between south street and some alley. i wasn't sure if the building was it. i even forget if their was signage....but it kind of adds to the overall mood of the restaurant. (ps...i saw some drunk guy pissing on their wall....) 
we rang the doorbell only to have a tall, dark and well....not so handsome..but friendly gentlemen who sat us down. we were seated on a comfy morrocan-ish style couch filled with lush cushions and pillows. dimly lit living room or parlor to say it better. a little cramped and not as private but comfy indeed. 
the waiters were dressed in typical moroccan clothes....and i believe they may have been moroccan.
...so the food was a 7 course moroccan dream. it's basically a set menu but you do get to choose 2 items or so. i don't recommend getting the lamb. it tasted waaaayy to gamey for me. they have this delish eggy/almond/pastry pie course in the middle of all 7 courses. it almost looked/tasted like a funnel cake. 
i don't wanna spoil all the surprises they have to offer. but you really should check it out.  probably not a first date choice. 
all in all, i'm now a fan off moroccan. thanks marrakesh! see you soon:)Went with a group of 9 people total and it was a GREAT night! I never would have found this place on my own, but I'm glad I went because I will be back. It is a total experience while you eat. From walking up the tiny steps to the every inch of the walls being covered in decor. 
We ordered 1 of everything off the menu and everything was DELICIOUS. The only tricky part was trying to eat a chicken with no utensils. The only downside was that they never gave us the rose water so we were constantly going to the bathroom to wash our hands and the towels they gave us smelled musky. It was a great time and the belly dancers were awesome and stuck around to show us some moves. I will definitely be back here with more friends for them to experience it.Definitely a place that I will take many friends to. I don't remember anything I ate, but it was all incredible. Make sure you go with an empty stomach because they serve several servings/courses. I love how I don't feel pressured to leave as soon as I get the final course. This place is somewhere I can come eat and lounge for awhile after I'm done eating. Make sure you make a reservation if going with a large group because it's quite popular and can get crowded. Also, cash only. I think our bill came out around $70 for food, house wine, and 18% gratuity for 2. This is a staple place to visit if in the area!I love this place more than I can probably express in a short review. I came here for my birthday dinner with a group of 6 people, and my friends still talk about it as an amazing place. The owner was also very gracious about allowing us to BYO, although technically it is NOT, which was a nice gesture.
As for the food, it is very much a family-style, all of us dig-in, type of place. While great for my crowd of friends, I can see other people not really loving that vibe, so keep that in mind when you are making reservations. Also, I would keep in mind the size of your group-the restaurant seems pretty tiny (unless there is another room they are hiding?) and the portions don't seem to increase any whether you have 2 people or 6 people as we saw a couple sitting near us. 
As for the "event, not a meal at a restaurant" other people have said, I think that's pretty unfair. The food was delicious, so it did feel like a meal at a restaurant to me.Excellent experience!
Came here on Saturday to celebrate a friend's birthday and we had an awesome time. I would say its definitely a great place to come for a special occasion or if you're just looking to experience something different. Their hospitality and service is wonderful. We arrived late for our reservation and our table wasn't ready so they kept coming over to check on us, since there is not waiting area we were just squeezed in by the door so we wouldn't have to stand in the cold. They even came over with wine for us and another group that was waiting outside to help with the wait. I would say even before that the good experience started when I called to make the reservation and they were so helpful in explaining how it all worked to me after I let them know this would be my 1st time here. 
So once we were seated the fun began. They explained to our group how it worked and took our order. It's a byob so they opened out wine but also brought over some of their white wine. Like I said this was all a new experience as I've never had Moroccan food, so eating off the same plate and with just your hands took a little getting used to but it was fun. They wash your hands with rose oil water first, which smells amazing, but I also had my sanitizer. They also come around with a big basket of pita bread which kind of serves as your silverware. I liked all the food. The 1st salad course was excellent, I want to make my cucumbers like that at home now. The 2 course with the kind of pastry thing with almonds and chicken was I'm but I didn't eat much of that. The main chicken if you choose spicy know that it truly is spicy lol, you'll need water. The couscous was better with stuff and not just on its own. The beef kabobs as a little tough but still good taste. The final dessert of the baklava was so good. I had not had baklava before that I liked but this was so good if I wasn't so stuffed I would've eaten everyone else's. 
They belly dancer made her rounds and got the birthday girl in out group up and dancing. So it was an all around great time.Reservation? Ya we don't honor those. You will have to wait a while outside before you are seated despite a reservation, but you get a ton of delicious food for a very fair price.Wanted to plan a surprise birthday dinner, with about 15 people, almost all yelpers who have been to most of the great restaurants in Philly...Marrakesh to the rescue.  I went here a few times in college, and remembered that it's a great, affordable option for a group (BYO), and its a cuisine most of us don't eat on the regular.  I called the restaurant a few weeks ahead of time to reserve a room for our group.  The staff was always very friendly and helpful on the phone.  They even went the extra mile to play along with the surprise and lead us through a series of dining rooms so that even I was confused about what was happening.  Oh, and my friend has a nut allergy which they easily accommodated.  
The no utensils threw a few people off, but everyone got into the spirit.  The spicy chicken was ridiculously tender and delicious.  The lamb was good, but a little fatty.  The beef kebabs were a little on the dry side.  All in all though, the staff, plus the ambiance, plus the food made for a fantastic dinner.  A good time was had by all.Yes, I'm a fan. But it's not "Hearty" approved in terms of a healthy selection. The menu when I went was fixed. I'm almost positive it's like this all the time. But damn, what an awesome experience. A 7 course meal, rose petal hand wash between dishes, a belly dancer (she's only there certain days)... so cool! The fact that I had to walk down a quiet (but safe) alley to get there and ring the door bell for a staff member dressed in Moroccan garb to let me in was fun as hell. 5 stars for the experience, but 3 because there's not much control about what you can eat. It's also expensive. Around $60/person... not including drinks.Marrakesh is an amazing experience and unique place to dine with a large group. I had reservations for 14 people and they attended us with no hiccups. All of the courses served were delicious and incredible! The house arak was really good as well. I highly recommend this gem of a restaurant to anyone who wants to a a unique, tasty and entertaining experience with their friends.I love this place! Food is always fresh and the menu stays the same! I love the cushy pillow Moroccan style decor and the fact that you share each course with who ever you choose to go with. I love that they wash your hands first with rose water and the gold tables and hand painted wood is just beautiful! 
Staff is very friendly and I love the baklava & mint tea shooters at the end! This is my go too place when I'm bored with the norm wether I'm on a date or with friends it's great everytime!Eating with your hands? Sharing Food with friends? A belly dancer? BYOB? STOP! I cant take this much excitement!
We got together to celebrate my husbands 31st birthday and I wanted to take him somewhere different and exciting. Insert Marrakesh, a little Morroccan spot right off of South Street.
When we got there, we were invited to wash our hands as a group and were given towels for our laps as there are no utensils given. I love the atmosphere, the music and if you go with open minded people who don't mind close quarters and sharing a meal, you will enjoy it.
The Food.... OMG The Food!
For starters we had the salad trio, which was tomatoes and cucumbers, carrot salad and eggplant which came in on the expressway from heaven! It was delicious!
The second course was the Phyllo dough stuffed with egg and chicken topped with powdered sugar. I was not a huge fan, but everyone else loved it.
The third course was a whole chicken with olives and various spices, well seasoned and falling off the bone. 
Fourth, we enjoyed lamb and almonds in a honey sauce, and of course they kept the flat bread coming.
The fifth course was couscous and chicken with potatoes and carrots, and the sixth course was a bowl of fresh fruit. LITERALLY.
The followed it up with mint tea and baklava for all.
During the meal, a belly dancer came out and each of us took turns dancing with her, having a great time. The staff was friendly and because it was our first time, they took the time to explain the entire "Marrakesh experience".
My only complaint, is that they need to have a Vegetarian option. We had one vegetarian in our midst and they brought out a spinach pie for him during the chicken course, and they brought him hummus and chips during the lamb course, and they made a plate of couscous without chicken for him, which was nice.
However, if they come up with 6 truly vegetarian dishes patrons could still have the Marrakesh experience without meat, while TRULY sampling Moroccan style food.
Just a suggestion.
6 people 6 courses costs $192.00...( plus the cash we gave to the Belly dancer)
NOT BAD.The food is definitely 5 stars!  Absolutely amazing service and great atmosphere!  I only give it 4 stars because I found out it was cash only AFTER dining there with my friends for an hour. $34ish bucks also seemed steep for a $$ yelp resturant, but considering there were 7 courses it's more understandable.  If you're ready to spend a little more than the average place (and have cash in hand), this place will not disappoint!Ring the doorbell to be let into what seems like another world, get seated (hopefully with a group of good friends) around an intimate table surrounded by authentic Moroccan decor, and enjoy a fabulous 7-course meal for $25.
I kid you not. Such a place exists right off South Street. Part of me wants to give you every last detail of our experience at Marrakesh, and yet another wants to keep quiet and let you be surprised, just as we were. In fact, we originally planned on an Italian restaurant for the night, yet we were not sad for long upon realizing it was closed because the night then took us to nearby Marrakesh, where we were absolutely delighted by every detail of the dinner.
Because life is all about expectations, and I don't want to boost yours too much, I'll divulge only select details of our experience. We were taken up to the third floor (all of us giggling all the while, thinking "where the puck are we?"), and sat down by a server who very kindly and briefly went through the seven courses. They happily accommodated for the vegetarians at the table. Then out came course after course of deliciousness, all of which went perfectly with the red wine that we brought. Towards the end, a belly dancer came around to each of the rooms. I am only slightly ashamed to say that I was absolutely mesmerized! From what I can tell, it was very authentic dancing. Never having experienced anything like this, and having had my share of libations, I sheepishly held up a $1 bill, only to be grabbed by the hand and danced with! We were all hysterical. I slipped the bill into her waistband.
Just come here. Don't waste your time reading too many reviews. Call up your favorite friends and bring them here without telling them what the deal is. We had an incredible time and enjoyed great food for an even better price, and walked outside only to see a line of the next eager customers waiting.Great experience. The food and atmosphere were perfect. I wish that we were told that credit cards were not accepted. I had to go to an ATM in a Vape shop down the alley.The reviews barely do any justice to this place! We had reservations, reached very late and the owner couldn't accommodate us. He personally assured us of seating if we checked back with him after an hour, and he lived up to his word! Fabulous 7 course meal, very intimate homely ambience, friendly servers and the live belly dancer who taught our birthday girl a few moves! The bit about washing your hands with rose water, towels instead of napkins, eating from the same plate, hot mint tea at the end are few of the many highlights! The cash bit could be somewhat inconvenient, but come prepared and you are in for a fabulous 2+ hours at Marrakesh!If you want to feel like you have been transported to Morocco and enjoy an extremely unique dining experience then definitely try this place. A fixed SEVEN course meal that is amazing from start to finish. Come hungry because you will leave completely full.  Be aware it is cash only. A true hidden gem in Philly!I'll keep this short and sweet. The place has a unique look to it but the seating arrangement is very uncomfortable. The food was ok but definitely not authentic. My husband and I went for the belly dancing experience and didn't get what we were looking for. The dancer came and danced for less then 5 mins and then disappeared. We must have been there for another hr or so and she didn't come back. One good thing is this place is a BYOB and also has a full stocked bar.4+ stars, almost 5.  Super cool location, almost hidden from the general population.  Amazing setting reminiscent of something you'd see in the MIddle east. Very authentic.  and the food - wow. Endless, delicious, too much.  Bring your appetite and 8 of your best friends.  Wear dockers with the elasto waist.  Be prepared to gorge yourself silly, then nap before you pay your bill. One of my favorite spots in Philly.  Bring lots of friends.  A hidden gem. Way recommended.Nice ambiance. Lot of food. Didn't like the egg dish that they gave. Everything else was really good. The towels that they give to put on the lap are old and smelly. It's time to replace :) cash only!Food is pathetic, service is worst. Place is shabby and bad.. I recommend not to go. You will get sick..Coolest dining experience I've ever had!!! I have been telling everyone about this place since I got back home. Sadly, there is no place nearly as cool as this one in Miami (that I know off). Anyway, you walk into the restaurant in a back ally kind of way, it definitely doesn't look like a restaurant from the outside! It reminded me of a house and each room had tables. The tables were all like a couch with a round table in front of you. No utensils- you eat with your hands! Such a cool place for groups of friends or even an intimate date. You can take your own alcohol since they don't serve any there - also cool! They give you pita breads to eat with your food and towels as napkins. Each course comes looking cooler than the last! I absolutely loved my experience at Marrakesh!!The food was amazing! It was my first time ever eating there. My favorite dish was the chicken and the lamb. You eat everything with your hands, and sit around a soft couch like seat. BYOB too!Fantasic restaurant.  The eggplant is the best I've ever had, and the mint tea just doesn't get any better in the US.I went to Marrakesh with a group (9 of us total, including Gracie B who reviewed below) and we had a great time.  Definitely great for groups.  We chose it because we were told they would be able to accomodate our vegetarian friend, and it fit into everyone's budget.
Heed the other reviewer regarding the directions.  And if you drive a big SUV with a navigation system, don't drive down the alley to get to the restaurant - it's ridiculously narrow. OH, and if you also have parking assistance, you'll find your car beeping at you madly while you're scared half to death that you're going to take off the sideview mirrors of several parked cars.  ;-)
Once we made it to the restaurant (unscathed), though, the food was great.  I mean, it was great for Moroccan, which I'd never had before so really have nothing to compare it to.  They did a GREAT job with our veggie friend's courses, creating special things just for her (not just giving her more cous cous or something.)  
My only complaint would be that there's basically no selection for wine.  Your choices are red or white, who knows what brand, and the white I had wasn't very good.  If you care about wine (and are dining with others who share that opinion) it might be worth it to call ahead and ask about BYO.To echo most other Yelpers, Marrakesh is a fun place to come with a big group. They give you plenty of food, so you know you will walk away with a full stomach. If you arrive before 7:30, the place will be on the quiet side bordering on dead silent, but it's a good time to have conversations where you can actually hear the other person. After 7:30, especially on a Friday, this place lights up. Keep in mind, this also means slower service, so you should either order drinks or BYOB.
It's difficult to say anything negative about this establishment because they are quite hospitable and accommodating. It would be a bum deal to come here if you were vegetarian, but if you don't eat red meat (lamb, in the case of my boyfriend), they can make you a veggie plate on the lamb course. Now, I don't have too much experience with Moroccan food (unless you count Hookah), but, for me, the dishes that combine both savory and sweet flavors still take some getting used to. For this reason, I was not a fan of the "phyllo dough dish with egg and chicken" nor the lamb. My faves are the eggplant from the salad course, chile chicken, and the couscous (more soupy than what I've seen, but I like it). I will definitely come back when I have friends visiting from out-of-town (they should also be adventurous because I know people who don't particularly like eating with their hands), but dinner here on a random weekday seems a little excessive.This place is a magical and full of wonder, amazment and delicious food! My wife and I made it to our reservation early only to find a line out the door with the host letting people in as people left because the place was jammed packed! I immediately  knew we were on to something special. He was very quick to seat us it seemed like, in front of a lot of the people making us feel special and vip. We climbed  up to the third floor through a narrow stairwell to find an intimate room with seating only for 4 couples. We had brought our own alcohol  that was served to us with a smile. You can choose not to bring and just order if you prefer. We had to wash our hands before we started on the first course  because there was no silverware to use, only our freshly cleaned hands. Each of the 7 courses were amazing and the service was also exceptional. I would recommend  everyone  to visit if you are in Philly!GROSS. 
If you're a germophobe, this place is not for you. Be warned.
Ok, where do I start:
(1) The restaurant is on a side street which is off another side street. So difficult to find if you're not from the area.
(2) We had to wait 15+ minutes despite having reservations and showing up early.
(3) Finally got inside. It's basically a 3-level townhouse thats been converted into a restaurant. Very very dingy and dark inside. They say they have been at this location for 30 years (go figure)... We were part of an unfortunate group that had to climb 2 flights of stairs to have dinner on the 3rd floor (basically in a bedroom of this house). Scary stairs, scary walls. Over-decorated with rugs and stuff on the walls. Everything seemed dusty.
(4) Finally got to the room. There were no dinner tables, just side tables. It's not very comfortable to eat off side tables. Anyway, we sat down.
(5) There was a fixed dinner. Therefore no food menu was provided, because you have no choice in the matter. It is 7-courses, yes. But 7 fixed dishes. The waiter announced to those of us in the room (3 separate parties of 2 people each) what our dinner would be, and that was that. I wasn't expecting this. But there was more shock to be experienced.
(6) All the plates were SHARED. In the LITERAL SENSE. Yes, you heard me. For each of the 7 courses, the waiter would provide the table with ONE large plate of food. You're expected to all dig in and eat off the same plate. No forks, no knives, no side plates. Just one plate in the middle of the table for everyone. So you probably don't want to go to this restaurant with someone you're not comfortable with (either from a germs-perspective, or otherwise).
And by the way, these were not "finger foods"... We are talking about lamb dishes, spicy chicken dishes with sauces, salads...Yes, SALADS! ....So just to reiterate, you are expected to use your hands for everything AND share off the same plate too. Two layers of freaking out.
(7) At some point, I couldn't take it... so I asked for a fork and a knife... The waiter brought back plastic forks only, no knives. He said there were no knives in the entire restaurant except what the kitchen was using.
(8) Before you eat, they make you wash your hands. They come by each table with a kettle of lukewarm water and pour it over your hands, with a bowl underneath. Yes (you guessed it!), some of this water is splashing into your drinks which have already been served by this time.
(9) They serve a flat bread to eat the dishes with. Waiter walks around with a basket of bread and offers each table. You are to use the bread to pick up the pieces of lamb/chicken/veggies. However, no side plates, remember? So you are expected to place your bread directly on the table. We asked for little plates and they said they didn't have any, but that the table was "nice and clean"... Yeah, nothing so far had given me confidence that the table was "nice and clean". And besides, by this point, the glasses of ice water were forming pools of water around them on the table. So the bread would've been wet if we placed it on the table. So I just held onto my stash of bread the entire dinner. They encourage you to take multiple pieces of bread, because you will use it to eat all the subsequent courses.
(10) Only cash accepted. Again, wasn't expecting this.
(11) Mid-dinner, there was an unexpected belly dancer. Sudden loud music, so we all looked up... and a belly dancer walked in and started dancing in this already crowded, small dingy room. It was unnecessary and interrupted our dinner. Everyone had to stop to watch because the music was deafening and the room was so small (it lasted about 10 minutes). We couldn't carry on our conversation.
And because I don't want to be a hater, I will say that the food actually tasted good. I loved the lamb dish especially. It was a lot of food, it was tasty, and it was reasonably priced.
However, I just did not have a good experience here at all, so it was hard to enjoy the meal. Take-out option might be better.This place is definitely worth trying once, and it's especially fun with a large group.  The food is average/decent, but there is a cute appeal to the unique presentation.  Also, it's easy for communal bonding to ensue when everyone's eating with their hands and sharing family portion dishes.
A bit of advice:  during the first course, hoard up on pita slices when the server passes around the pita basket.  While most of us politely fished out a couple wedges of pita and passed the basket on, the wise one who'd eaten at Marrakesh before stowed away an impressive amount of pitas in his towel.  Ten minutes later, he came to our rescue when the rest of us all ran out of pitas while being far from finishing the platter of great eggplant dip/veggie platter.  The pita basket only gets passed around once, so remember to stock up!What an experience! Usually, I am not that adventurous when it comes to trying foods, but I had only heard good things, and they're perfect for large parties, so it made sense to book a bachelorette party dinner here. And did they deliver!
First, it's a flat rate of $25 per person and BYO. That's basically all you need to know. Second, the staff is super friendly and accommodating. We asked if the last few courses could be rushed (we were late for another reservation) and they did not mind. But let me tell you, if we didn't have to be somewhere else, I could have stayed there for another 2 hours. You definitely lose track of time as they bring you course after course of delicious, fresh food (7 courses altogether). And you get to eat with your hands! 
Super fun atmosphere and great food. Definitely check out this South Street gem!Marrakesh is a great atmosphere for a group. All of the food is served family style and you eat with your hands, so if you find this uncomfortable, this is not the place for you.  You should bring a small bottle of hand sanitizer and lots of wine!  The food was delicious, and they will accommodate any vegetarians in the group.  A belly dancer comes around as you are eating.  Minus one star because it was SO HOT when we went in the summer that most of our party was uncomfortable.i have a thing for eateries/restaurants where you can eat with your hands. it is like there are no rules and it is a free for all for the food. i dig it. 
my friends i went here on a  busy friday night. we had reservations, but that didn't really seem to matter. we ended up waiting over 1 hour! granted, the owner was wicked sweet to bring us wine to keep us warm, but the waiting outside in the alley and smelling the aroma of delicious food was torture. i felt as if i was trapped in my own personal inferno. 
the atmosphere of this place is lavish. pillows and you are all sitting close to other tables. an intimate place. i felt like we were at a harem sans the million wives. 
the chicken with olive and lemons was delicious. the chicken was so tender, it slid off the bone. some of my peeps are vegetarian. if you tell the staff ahead of time, they can accommodate. the pastry with eggs and Cinnamon and powdered sugar was decadent.  also, when they come around with the bread, take a bunch because you need it for all the courses. 
the mint tea at the end was really good, but too sweet for me. the staff is friendly and we were there for a belly dancer. but, my friend totally served her! 
our meal took over 4 hours and due the wait, all our wine was comped. it was my first time having morroccan food and i loved it. although i did not eat for the next 2 days! i think they have pillows there because after you eat, you wanna nap and dream of more Moroccan food!We stumbled upon this place by a complete accident while looking for sone where to have dinner while visiting my daughter in Philadelphia. 
Between the experience , music , decorations , hospitality I have to rate it s perfect five stars.I came here with a group of 8 people for dinner on a weekday night. When you arrive, you ring the doorbell and are greeted by the host. The place itself is very cozy and consists of several round tables where you share your meal family style.
The menu consists of 7 courses (pre-fixed) with vegetarian options available. Our meal started with a washing our hands with rose water and then a salad plate that was really yummy (I really enjoyed the eggplant). We then had the spicy chicken which was essentially an entire chicken, with a spicy sauce that was my favorite. Our next course was a honey almond lamb, followed by couscous and a fruit platter, baklava and mint tea. I think the menu may change, but regardless it was great! All for $25.
Definitely an experience worth having at least once!Amazing place, I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. The staff take care of you with great care and are super nice. The atmosphere is very authentic with dim lights carpeted walls and seats with dozens of pillows. The food itself should make you come here. We had 7 courses and we should have paced ourselves but everything was just so delicious it was hard to stop yourself. All in all 10/10. Super traditional and authentic but guaranteed that everyone will like it. They are conscious of any allergies or if you are vegetarian so it caters to everyone. I will definitely come here again !!!A dining experience comes together like a classic recipe - chances are if you're like me, food is never the only reason you dine out. You want to savor the experience. Especially true for ethnic cuisine, you open your mind to ways you never knew existed and redefine the norm. 
Marrakesh takes a leaf straight out of the Arabian nights to give you a truly exotic culinary experience.  A set 7 course meal is guaranteed to give you a plethora of options, some you may immediately take to, some you may not. (personally, powdered sugar on meat wouldn't have been my first choice. different strokes for different folks)
Go there on a weekend when there is a live belly dancer. Be prepared for a long evening and pace yourself. Go there with friends and celebrate. Take a date (ok maybe not the first) and reminisce the experience. Stock up your wallet; it's cash only.
More of a 3.5 really. I'm rounding this one up.This was an amazing experience for my family!  My husband, 3 year old daughter and I decided to try it this week for my birthday.  The waiter was extremely attentive and the food was AMAZING.  There was so much flavor infused in each course.  My picky toddler even loved the experience.  I dont think this place is usually a family spot, but my 3 year old loved the variety and colorful decor.  I would reco making a reservation.  Especially earlier than 7.  People really seem to start streaming in around that time.  I will definitely be back for my next birthday or another special occasion!!  Thank you Marrakesh!The first dish with the eggplant is the best! Second dish (bastilla?) is also very good (flakey phyllo dough with powdered sugar, cinnamon, and egg). The chicken, lamb, and couscous were just ok. The baklava at the end was also delicious. Really cool atmosphere. Will definitely go back!THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! It's right near a friend's apartment, so we walked over without a reservation and were seated right away. I'm a vegetarian, so I assumed I would have to starve through the lamb and chicken courses, but my friend told the staff and I was brought a separate dish for the meat courses! So wonderful!! I LOVED the eggplant appetizer and the lentil dish, it had amazing root vegetables in the middle. Baklava dessert was TO DIE FOR.  The belly dancer was great and the other patrons were all having a great time, which made for a really wonderful dining experience. Will definitely go back the next time I visit philly!!!Last minute assisted my best friend's girlfriend in throwing a birthday dinner. Happened to find Marrakesh on Yelp looking for something eclectic and accommodating to large parties. We made the reservation, adding to our party up to the hour of dinner, they were very accommodating. We also added the belly dancer (which was a great addition!). There were 12 of us total and I think I can say we all has a GREAT time! You ring a door bell to a enter a very friendly but dark restaurant. The ambiance seems authentic, the food was magnificent and lots of it, the owner who tended to our table all night was very pleasant, and need I say more about the belly dancer... she was very good, beautiful, funny, was teaching us how to belly dance and danced for about 4 songs... was very tasteful. 
Now it is communal food so be wary of that, however, they do the whole hand washing thing. Was also very dark. Would be great for intimate evening or large party like we had. It was also about 6 courses, so be sure to pace yourself. The only downside, the waitress bringing our drinks and water did not have much of a personality, but maybe that was all part of the authentic atmosphere! Highly recommend this restaurant if you are in to something a little different. Also, they only accept cash and they may only accept reservations, but am unsure of this.We have been here twice and both times we have had a great meal and at a great value. The place is byob which means you can bring your favorite wine or go hard and a little boozy , they will provide juices to mix with. 
Our first time there a few months ago we tried the lamb that was juicy and flavorful and fall off the bone good.
Our second time there we had the beef kabob , again flavorful and delicious. 
The staff are very friendly and attentive.
This will definitely be our go to spot every time we come to philly.Fun atmosphere and great for groups! Came here for a friend's birthday and were thrilled that it was a BYOB.  We had to be moved several times unfortunately, but once we were settled we had a great time.  The music and decor are awesome and make it feel like you're definitely not in Philly anymore.  As for the food, we enjoyed everything we ate. Just hope the people you're with are clean and all about that hand washing since you all eat with your hands. The dancers were a fun touch as well and after some wine we were all up dancing. Great experience overall! Head's up though it is CASH ONLY- come prepared
also, parking is a pain the butt so just take a cab or patco over wherever you're coming fromOut of this world.
Upon entering, we were immediately seated despite not having a reservation. My favorite part was the complete lack of menu - the waiter just arrived and told us that we would be enjoying a 7 course meal that was pre-set and simply gave us the choice of lamb or chicken for our main course. I am not a picky eater so I really liked not having to choose and having the opportunity to enjoy what the restaurant thought were their best dishes and this enhanced my experience.
The first dish was my favorite, composed of three different salads and was my favorite part of the meal. The carrots and eggplant were perfectly spiced and I could have eaten the portion meant for 3 people entirely by myself.
The spicy chicken was probably the best chicken I've ever had. I know that sounds like a stark exaggeration but I kid you not - go try it.
The lamb was perfect and fell off the bone, and the spicy sauce that we had served on the side is what made the dish perfect.
I especially enjoyed the ending note - baklava and moroccan mint tea which was delicious and perfectly balanced. Along with this they give us a huge bowl of fruits and let us take it home when we were too full to even touch it.
All in all this is a place where I would bring friends, family, etc for the ethnic and cultural experience unlike anything I have enjoyed before and the food was mouth watering as well. Never have I been able to eat so much in one sitting. I will most definitely be back!Cash only, don't bring plastic. Lots of food, bring your appetite! Very group friendly, I wouldn't recommend going solo or on a date. Service is always excellent, food is delicious, not your everyday meal. Great atmosphere, Both times I went were during the weekday, early dinner time, so its pretty quiet and relaxing, and you can share a meal and talk with your friends easily. Would love to see this place on the weekends and get the full experience with the belly dancers.I have been going to the Marrakesh since 1979 or 80 while growing up in Center City.  My last trip was last week on July 12th this year.     It is great  to see some of the Philadelphia 1970s restaurant rennaisance establishments still going strong (Others include Fri,Sat,Sun; Warsaw Cafe; Astral Plane).   Marrakesh is currently celebrating it 30th year.   Kim P's  9/21/2006 review was great (and the pictures of her are gorgeous!); and I am glad she and her group had a great time.  One question she raised was the lack of wine selection.  I am wondering if they charged her for the wine since they are currently giving it away in celebration of the 30th year.  Free wine is just one of the ways the Marrakesh shows you they care about their customers.  They don't have a liquor license.    They are happy to give you free wine and they are happy to let you BYO.   While much of the Philly's Center City dining scene seems to be a reflection of places in New York with weeks long waiting lists and rediculous prices, Marrakesh is a happy reminder for me of now defunct places like Freddy's Pizza (which became JJs Grotto)  Pagganos in U of P (the Paggano special rocked) that I liked gorwing up.  Just remember.. cash only; dinner is about $25 per person..and that includes the free wine!My Go To Place! The lamb with shaved almonds & a drizzle of honey is a MUST!! I have eaten here at least 7 times & never disappointed!Love this place (once you can find it!). I like coming here with groups of friends (6-8 people) to catch up over a great meal. 
First step: Find the restaurant. It's located in an alley with a green door, and you need to knock / ring to get it because the door is often locked. Good luck!
Step 2: Choose spicy or not spicy. That's pretty much your only decision for the night. This is a 6(-ish)-course meal, and it's all set except for the spicy/not spicy question. The food is fantastic, and I love coming here and not having to make decisions, but it also means that you probably don't want to come here very often (you may get tired of the same food). Great for special occasions, though, especially as it is a pretty unique cuisine.
Step 3: Enjoy! Once you make that decision, enjoy sitting around the table as the waiter brings dish after dish to your table. No silverware (so be prepared), but that just makes it more fun to catch up with everyone at dinner. And at the end - it's only $25 pp! (Assuming you bring your own wine)Great place. My mother had come here with her coworkers previously and wanted me to go with her so I accompanied her to see how this place was. Not sure why the interior of the restaurant is so dark, not sure what the joint is trying to accomplish with that. However, I will say that the way the restaurant works is rather unique. You make a reservation for a certain time, show up with your party, and are served five(?) different courses of food. The nice part is that it's one flat fee per person though I believe it was cheaper when I came here ($25 per person ... has probably increased since then to $35 [what I've been eyeing from other reviews]). I will say that the food here is rather fantastic. As I've never had Moroccan food before, it was certainly a unique experience. The three way salad was one of my favorite dishes here ... there's just something wonderful about the combination of the ingredients and honestly, I don't think I've had my mouth as happy as it was eating down this dish. I also really liked the meat dishes, particularly the cumin chicken and the lamb. Both were on the tender side (huge stamp of approval) and were wonderful to chow down. On the down side, the fruit probably wasn't the freshest I've had ... which was a tad disappointing, as I'm a huge fan of fruit. Also, gratuity is added on automatically ... which I guess wasn't too surprising. Still it would have been much more understandable had I had a decent-sized group (5+ in my mind), but whatever. Overall, a good place to get some great food and a different dining experience. Would recommend it; certainly worth a try.WOW! Marrakesh is fabulous. My husband and I found the restaurant thanks to Yelp. We were planning to go to another restaurant in the area but didn't want to wait an hour to be seated. Besides we're in Philadelphia where there are LOTS of good choices. He called beforehand and they said they could seat us in 20 minutes! That was a good sign. We found the entrance which is sort of hidden and you have to use the knocker to be let it. We were seated in a cozy and comfortable space with beautiful decor. My husband and I had an amazing 7 course dinner. I was thrown off by not having a menu or utensils but then again this was a different type of culinary experience. We had a delicious robust serving of cucumber and tomato salad, seasoned carrots and roasted eggplant. This dish was followed by a phyllo pastry dough filled with chicken, cinnamon topped with powdered sugar. Then they brought out a spicy cumin chicken that was slow cooked and the meat fell off the bone. Afterwards we had roasted lamb with almonds and raisins and a delicious cous cous course. Dessert was baklava with fresh fruit accompanied by mint tea. There was also ample pita bread to use for eating the different savory courses. The meal was incredible and one I'll always remember. The servers were attentive and efficient. I highly recommend Marrakesh. I felt like I was transported to Morocco. Add this restaurant to your list if you want delicious Moroccan food and a unique culinary experience.Hidden gem! Service was phenomenal. It was more than a meal, it was an experience. You have to ring a bell to be let in. The owner or manager sat down with us and explained how the meal typical works; they wash your hands with rose water before the meal starts because you eat with your hands. They provide you towels to drape across your lap in case you spill. They were more than accommodating to my vegetarianism. The first course consisted of 3 salads, the eggplant was by far the best. There were 3 more courses to follow, and then dessert. The food just kept coming! A serious deal for $25. My dinner pal said the honey almond lamb was beyond description. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Would not recommend to anyone looking for a formal dinner or to picky picky eaters. The eating with your hands is half the fun and the menu is relatively prix fixed. 
Tips;
-no longer is byob (previous reviews stated it was) $12 carafes of wine was a great deal
- ring the doorbell to be let in
- there are belly dancers on the weekend
- I would make a reservation, I think contributed to our speedy service
- the latest they take reservations (at least for a Monday!) was 8:30
- bring your appetite, it's a lot of food!Went here on a last minute invite from a friend for a girl's night out...and it was AMAZING!!!  It is tucked away on a side street in Society Hill and you have to ring a bell to get in which at first made me a bit uneasy but not long after you are invited in, all reservations in your mind are forgotten!!!  The decor is eye catching and all of the employees are super nice and lead you very carefully - there were quite a few steps and turns to a private room for a large party(there were 18 of us) onto the second floor.  The light setting is super low but just enough to see where you are going and what you are eating.  We had reservations for the 8:30 p.m. seating and were in there for about and 1 1/2 from start to finish...It is BYO(but they do still offer a full bar) and serve a pre fixed menu with 7 courses but before they start rolling out the food they have you cleanse your hands with a rose oil...then the smorgasbord begins!!!...The time between courses was not too short or long and you do have 2 options for about 3 out of the seven courses.  Between all the ladies in our party we all had ordered an equal amount between the choices-keep in mind depending on how many you are with and i suppose where they seat you, you share a huge plate of whatever choice you make so everyone at your table has to agree on one choice.  They also have a vegetarian option for all courses!!  During your feast you will have the pleasure of being entertained by a beautiful belly dancer( Im not sure that because we were such a large group we got to enjoy 2 dances or if it was because we demanded a second one:)...) and the entertainer will coax you up to join and shake your hips right along with her!!  And the price...well it is just right!!  All in all it was an amazing first time experience for me being introduced to a moroccon experience and cannot wait to go back!!  And it just so happens that a friend of mine just switched her quickly upcoming Bachlorette party plans from Bellini Grill to Marrakesh!!!My experience at Marrakesh was good overall. However, this is not somewhere I'd frequent. It's really more of an EVENT than a meal at a restaurant. While it was good to do once, I don't see myself needing to do it again. I'm not going to try to explain the *process* and all of the things that go on here. Some things are good, some things are awkward, (bath towels on your lap, washing your hands at the table, pulling the hot chicken apart with your hands...) because it's really just something you have to go through yourself.
That being said, the food was indeed delicious. The lemon chicken, believe it or not, was a stand out for me. It was really moist and flavorful. One thing that I absolutely despised was this one drink we got. I don't remember what it was called (helpful, right?), but it was like a house special and the waitress highly recommended it. It tasted like...bleck! I can't describle it. Maybe licorice? Not sure. It was grossgrossgross.
Anyway, check it out when you're in the mood for a lengthy/different meal!Adventurous diners apply within!  (If your idea of an ethnic meal is a chicken teriyaki Subway, by all means, please do not eat here!)  
Had a fantastic experience here for a birthday party of 20.  Probably the best ever party like this.  I like to think I have a pretty high standard for restaurants, but at the same time, I am also lenient in my reviews and expectations.  After seeing a lot of negative reviews here, I admit to being tentative, but the food, service, and atmosphere during my visit wiped out any hesitations.  This is a perfect place for a large party, and the spot upstairs made us feel like we had the entire restaurant to ourselves.  The food was all excellent as so many reviewers have noted, and there was so much of it that I felt pretty decadent, considering the amount that was leftover.  Each course seemed better than the last.  (One note, the meat kabob is a bit tricky, it's actually cooked perfectly, but you have to eat it with the grain, pulling it apart, otherwise you will think it is too tough...but hey, you're eating with your hands, you've got to play with your food a little!)  They were very accommodating of the wine and birthday cake we bought, even bringing it out with lit sparklers, singing and dancing along the way.I really loved the incredible atmosphere of Marrakesh, and most of the food was absolutely incredible. I appreciate a good set menu, and I was not disappointed by the chef's selections. 
I did think that the bread ought have been kept warm rather than kept in a basket to go cold. I think it would have paired much better with the appetizer salads that way. 
There was a belly dancer during our meal which was pretty cool, though a bit uncomfortable perhaps.
Overall, it was a great meal for a great value, and I'm excited to go back!An expensive, cash-only experience that left me wanting... while the food was good, the service left something to be desired... took twenty minutes to get our drinks, and my rose water was far too strong. But at least they started with the hand-washing, and assumed we wanted (as a large group) the price fixe 7-course meal.
You do best with the lamb here, I think, and the vegetable courses. Everything else, chicken, etc. was... less than enticing. Perhaps it was the messiness with our fingers, but the belly dancer stopping by distracted all of the guys in our group that weren't busy slopping up the food with the bread...
The seats can be a bit crowded for a group larger than 10, but hey, you're here for the food and the ambiance, not the seating, right? ;DBooo. This place sucks!
Service is TERRIBLE. 
Food is GROSS. The only items palatable were the hummus and eggplant salad. The chicken and steak "kabob" seemed like it was heated, over and over again.
This place is pure novelty. It's popularity based on the fact that you sit on a couch and eat with your hands. Big freaking deal.As I made my way down the dark, dingy alley and knocked three times on the door of Marrakesh, I thought to myself, "I hope I live to see tomorrow." Alright, alright, I'm being dramatic but the first impression is that this place is a little sketchy. You have to knock on the door and are addressed in the doorway rather than your typical restaurant of walking in and chatting it up with the host/hostess. Thankfully my friend had a reservation for us so we were standing outside for only a couple of minutes before they sat us in an intimate booth. Almost positive if you do not have a reservation, you will be standing in the cold alleyway for a long time. 
When you sit down the waiter washes your hands in rosewater, drapes your lap in a towel and promptly opens up your BYO drinks. As soon as your first glass of wine is poured, you have the first course of many in the center of the table and it's time to dig in. My first warning, if you do not like sharing food with others, you may want to reconsider this place for dinner. I'm pretty sure I indirectly swapped spit with my friends since I was licking my fingers and then grabbing for more food. Sorry friends!
The first course was a plate of eggplant that was to-die-for and a cucumber/tomato salad. The waiters are constantly walking around with more pita so you never feel like you are out of  carbs. The second course and beyond were slightly a blur since I was already in a food coma but I'll share what I can remember...there was a plate of couscous salad with raisins that was yummy, a whole chicken that was made "spicy" as well as a plate of lamb pieces. The food was beyond delicious though the meat was a tad dry but I still ate my face off. The only weird thing was before the baklava was served, the table was given a bowl of fruit. My only recommendation would be to have a fruit salad and maybe  1/2 the portion for people to enjoy rather than eating an entire apple...seems a little wasteful. 
Overall, this place was amazing!!! Loved every moment of it and would highly recommend to anyone visiting Philly.Bellydancing, awesome decor, and experience aside... the food is just meh. For the multicourse dinner, we had salads, some phyllo dough wrapped egg and chicken appetizer, spicy chicken, lamb, chicken couscous, fruit, baklava, and mint tea. 
Salads were good. The eggplant stuff was my favorite. I generally love things in phyllo dough, but the egg/chicken thing was just okay after a few bites. Same to the spinach pie that my vegetarian friend got. The chicken and lamb were very juicy and tender. The baklava and mint tea are standard.
For Moroccan food, it's good but not the best I've ever had.
Bonus points for taking care of the vegetarian friend. The restaurant is awesomely decorated and would be great for groups.
I hated the SUPER loud music though. The dishes took forever to come out. I couldn't see a thing inside. The belly dancer was lovely, and I hate hatin' on dancers, but the belly dancing just... wasn't good. No hip shaking? Whhhat? She had mad abs, though.
It would've been nice to order a la carte. I don't need to pay $31.50 (tax/tip included) for a gutbusting meal that I can't eat half of.Marrakesh is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly, primarily because it is an *experience* beyond simply going out to eat.
My primary piece of advice? PACE YOURSELF. Because otherwise you will have to roll yourself home and immediately fall into a food coma. And it would be tragic to waste all of that romantic lie around on pillows/eat with your hands/feed each other grapes sensuality. Jus' sayin.
Most people have commented extensively on the food, but I will say that the chicken falls off the effing bone - go for the spicy sauce. I enjoy the cinnamon/confectioners sugar chicken pastry but they give you WAY too much. And the lamb is far superior to the beef kebabs. 
I = fan. Nom nom nom.We decided to come to Marrakesh last minute on a Saturday night.  Given that I normally go out in either New York or Jersey City, I didn't think anything of the fact that we didn't have a reservation.  I convinced my Philly friend to just stop by and see if we could get lucky.  We almost didn't.  We were told that they were totally full.  We looked quite dejected, and the manager offered to serve us only 3 or 4 courses as a compromise, which we happily accepted.
Once we got inside, I understood the reservation requirement.  This isn't the kind of place where they can just move people around and add tables.  It is comprised of little nooks heaped with pillows around silver platters.  I was immediately hooked on the atmosphere.
The towel placed on your lap is an early indication that you are going to get quite messy.  No need to stand on ceremony here!  It puts you at ease to know that not only will you make a mess, but so will everyone else.  
The food came in quick succession.  I absolutely loved the feta pie at the beginning.  I knew that I was supposed to pace myself, but it was really difficult to stop eating.  The chicken was very moist, and coated in a spicy sauce/rub.  We very nearly picked it clean.  The lamb was also excellent, but it largely went uneaten due to the volume of food that we had already consumed.  In all, we were served the full set of courses!  Such a treat.
We thanked the manager profusely on our way out for making room for us.  He gave us a bottle of wine as "something to remember us by."  I've heard of matches as mementos, but a bottle of wine?!  It might not ultimately help me remember (such is the nature of over-drinking), but it was a very nice gesture.  This was such an unexpected, special night.  The price is well worth the experience.  I will certainly come back.This place is an adventure! 7 course and fresh. go with a group! you won't regret itDelicious food! They even accommodate vegetarians. This is the perfect place to go with a group. Eat off one huge plate, dine with your hands and enjoy the decor. Everyone pays the same price, be advised they automatically add gratuity in the bill. (Cash only)
Make sure to stay till the end for the talented belly dancer.I've done the Morroccan experience before, so I knew what to expect. Our group of 8 really enjoyed our time here, especially since we had some first-timers. We came well stocked with wines and beers to supplement a multiple course dinner!
After covering ourselves in towels and washing our hands, it was time to get down to business. Towels were great since eating with your hands is not an easy feat, at least not for me. Course after course, we indulged and explored new and interesting tastes. We all raved about the first 3-salad course of eggplant, carrot, and cucumbers. Don't hold back on the pita. Grab 3 or 4 because you'll need them to help grab the veggies! The second course of B'stella was great! By looking at the towels around me, this was the messiest dish. The third course of spicy chicken literally fell off the bone, and was very flavorful. It came out super hot, so the pitas that came around helped. For our fourth course, we chose the lamb with almonds and honey over the beef. The lamb did not disappoint, and the honey definitely added just the right amount of sweetness. By this time, all of us were stuffed, yet we had two more courses! The couscous was probably our least favorite since it had to follow some strong dishes. Thankfully, the fruit and delicious mint tea helped slow things down. Baklava was also a nice treat, thought it wasn't anything to write home about.
Overall, I'd recommend this place. For date nights, group dinners, and large celebrations. Since it was such a large feast, perhaps slowing down the pace will help! Service was friendly, and since we were there during the weekend, we did get to see a few belly dancers pass through. You'll know they are coming when the music gets louder.I've been here twice, once for a birthday a few years ago and most recently for my birthday this past week.  I brought a few picky eaters who were not sold on the idea, so I was a little nervous for them. The food was tasty, we especially enjoyed the salads and chicken w hot sauce. The atmosphere is what makes it extra special, very dark and cozy - it feels like you are having dinner in a friends house. We took our time through all of the courses and had a really nice evening. Now my once dubious friends asking to go again soon! Also, the owner called a few days later to let me know that a gift was left behind - I had no idea it was missing, but am very grateful he took the time to track me down. No belly dancers for a Tuesday night but the neighboring tables were lively, and the whole procession of courses made this a very entertaining party. Will be back!When my date and I first walked in, we were so excited. The ambiance is a strong point for Marrakesh. We were seated quickly, but no one came to take our orders for about 15 minutes. Our waiter took our food order, but we had to flag him down and ask for a drink menu afterward, and we still did not even have water at that point. Our waiter was very, very nice, but it was obvious he was overwhelmed. Our drinks did not come until well into the first course. My date took one sip of what was supposed to be a whiskey sour, and could not drink the rest. It was horrible! It didn't even taste like it had sour mix in it. We really wish we would have known they are cool with byob. 
The stand-out courses were the first with hummus and veggies, the spicy chicken and the lamb. The others were forgettable. The fruit at the end was odd. Baklava was good. 
We were seated near the door and arriving parties kept walking in, but there was no one at the door to greet them so huge groups would congregate. The lead water would come down and ask them to wait outside while they set up, but it was raining. There was an awning, but there were also a lot of people out there. Make sure you have a reservation and you make it for an early time.  
Also, our waiter said he would comp our drinks because of the wait, but they were still on the final bill.
Overall, the ambiance of the place is fantastic, a few of the courses are good, and the staff is nice, but there were very, very overwhelmed. Still a fun experience, though.Amin was absolutely great and incredibly knowledgable on the menu. We were stuffed by the time we got to 3rd course of the chicken, and forced the lamb down, but boy was it worth it! We were too stuffed to make it to the 5th, 6th &7th course and had to take it to go. Thank you guys for making my boyfriend's first time having Middle Eastern Moroccan food a great experience!Loved the small alley approach and speakeasy-style entrance where upon crossing the threshold you feel as though you've entered a secret club gathering in someone's home. We were welcomed warmly and seated on soft embroidered cushions. After given rosewater and towels to rinse our hands, our drink orders were taken and our 7 course meal began! My absolute favorite was the b'stella - it was part Greek, parts African, all delicious. I don't remember the last time I licked my fingers! The lamb and chicken courses were fall off the bone preparation and the grain course was divine - the raisins were just right. The first salad plate and the last fruit plate were both forgettable but understandable bookends to an otherwise unbelievable meal, all for just $25 each without beverages. The bellydancer was also sweet and not over the top but I could have done with just one show, or none at all. I'll be back and would highly recommend to anyone who's in PHL.I was in Philly the past weekend to celebrate a friend's birthday. It was decided that Marrakesh would be the dinner spot. I came with no preconceptions about the place. Just and open mind and an empty stomach, ready to be enticed and to eat. 
Now, I'm from NYC and have seen my fair share of seedy places and back alleys. While this place doesn't rank amongst the top on my list of "places I'd love not to walk alone again," it is pretty unnerving to walk this narrow alley after dark. I'd suggest to always have a burly guy with you just to be safe. 
Once inside I already heard the loud music of Middle Eastern music playing and we walked in right in the middle of a belly dancing routine in progress. The girl was missing a tooth but nonetheless, still a very sexy dancer if you didn't look her straight in the face. 
We were ushered up a set of narrow stairs to the 2nd level, past what MUST have been a stripper pole in its former life to a teeny, weeny room with no ventilation where everyone  is seated on top of each other. They called this "cozy." We called it "sweaty."
Anyhow, we crowded around a small table and readied ourselves for a Morrocan feast. I have to say the food surpassed my expectations. Excellent flavors, seasonings and spices. We started with 2 appetizers which were eaten with pita bread. Be prepared as 90% of the meal is really eaten with your hands. The phyllo dough sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon stuffed with the chicken bits and eggs was absolutely delish. I wanted to devour that all by myself but we were like 8 hungry beasts going at it. The chicken course was soo tender and juicy. I finally fulfilled my fantasy of ripping off a chicken leg and eating it cavewoman style. Turns out that it's much less sexier than I expected. 
They had run out of the beef shishkabobs (bummer) and we passed on the lamb so I can't comment on the dish. But the other party we were sitting on top of must have gotten the last beef kabobs and the smell of it almost made me want to do viscous things to them just for a taste. Everything else that followed was pretty forgettable. The meal steadily declined after the chicken. 
Overall I think it's worthy of a try. It was my first time eating with my bare hands at a semi civilized restaurant. We were very close to each other which created a very intimate, friendly atmosphere. It's for the family, for friends and definitely good for a date. 
The service was really excellent and attentive. They felt bad that we didn't get to try the kabobs and served us great wine compliments of the house. If you can, try to ask not to be seated in the back room next to the bathroom on the 2nd floor as it really is too small, too cramped and too hot to be able to enjoy this place. 
oh yeah, CASH only.Staggering amounts of delicious Mediterranean food on super inexpensive price-fixe menu served in an intimate, romantic venue.  It's not a place you can go back to over and over again, because the menu is very limited.  But it is a place that you must go to if you live in Philadelphia for any amount of time.So, we turn down this alley, knock on the door, door opens and whoa.  I don't think we're in Philadelphia anymore toto!
Behind some heavy curtains is a transformation.  The perfume in the air, wall tapestries and music transports one to another place and time.
I'm not familiar with Moroccan food.  This may or may not be fusion.  I don't care.  It was lovely.
Bring cash.  They don't take credit cards.
The chicken was soooo good!  I'm still thinking about it a week later.
The service was attentive.  The drink service was a little slow.  Otherwise, it was wonderful.I was visiting my buddy in Philly a few weeks ago. Naturally he was under an immense amount of pressure to bring us to some legit restaurants and show us a good time. So on a Saturday night, we went to Marrakesh for dinner. First impression...very traditional decor with carpets decorating every part of the dimly lit rooms. Low seats and low tables. Promising.
LOTS of food. No silverware, no flatware. Oh well lets go with it. The novelty was cool but wore off once the food that came out wasn't so finger friendly. Don't worry, we got a bath towel instead. 
First course was especially difficult to eat. An assortment of salads?!!? I developed a skill in pita scooping but still not as convenient as I would like. 
The next couple of courses were varieties of chicken, lamb couscous etc... The standard Moroccan fare. Tea, baklava and fruit for the final two courses. Some courses were definitely better than others. Doesn't matter you don't really have a choice as you get all of them. Baklava stands out in my mind though. Really enjoyed it. 
The redeeming factors here were the wine and prices. We had the wine flowing all throughout dinner and at the end of the day it was only 50 or so a person. We were all stuffed and buzzed upon exiting. Good deal. Not something to do often though.Can't say anough good things about this place.  Trully as good as it gets in terms of ambience, taste, service, novelty, fun, and overall experience.  Perfect for a romantic dinner for two or a rockin' hangout with friends/family.  The price is also very reasonable.   
My favorite was when the guy next table to us asked the waiter "do you have a knife or fork for this".. and the answer was "no, but we have more pita".  LOL.   They just kept giving out pita the whole night. 
The only thing is that we didn't see any belly dancers when we were there, even though they promised there would be belly dancers ( 1/2 of a star minus for that.. it would have been best with the dancers).Wow, so impressed by this restaurant, or maybe I should say experience. The customer service was amazing from beginning to end! I called while at work to make a day of reservation for Saturday and was accommodated even after notifying them I would be late. The decor inside was amazing, the  only thing I would possibly add is a candle on the table for better lighting. As we were seated a server came over and greeted us,  he then notified us of the 7 course set menu and asked if we needed vegetarian options! We are both meat eaters and we're fine with the regular selections but I must say if I ever had a meal that would make me become a vegetarian again it would be the first dish! Amazing, deliciously seasoned/marinated vegetables with pita cooked to a level of perfection!  All the dishes where delicious and unique in their own way. The chicken was so tender and our server put the spicy sauce in the side since we were having a hard time deciding on the spicy or lemon chicken. They even let us have one lamb kebob and one beef, my boyfriend wished the lamb was seasoned more but he likes salt on everything, I was able to enjoy the cultures cuisine as it was served. The mint tea was perfectly sweetened and the dessert course of fresh ripe fruit and sweet baklava was the icing on the cake. We never wanted for anything the whole time because the servers were so on top of everything, one of the managers Samir even stopped by to speak to us! The 7 course meal was $28 per person when you bring wine (byob) and they add tax and 18% gratuity (well deserved + more). On Saturday they have a belly dancer that comes around for your entertainment and to make you feel emerged in beautiful Morocco without even leaving the country! This place is truly a gemstone right off of South street in Philadelphia your wonderful experience begins upon entry to the restaurant and only gets better from there. Don't miss out and remember to pace yourself so you don't get full too fast! 
Addition: Totally forgot my boyfriend got a stain on his white shirt and the server rushed to grab some club soda for him to get it out. Much appreciated since this was just the first stop of our night!I threw a surprise birthday party here for a party of 15 and it went fabulously! There was lots of space and we had a nice area just to ourselves. Everyone was very accommodating and the food was excellent! They even brought out sparkler bday candles on top of the best baklava I've had! I highly recommend this place for a unique and fun occasion!Marrakesh has become our favorite restaurant in town. We stumbled on the place one night and managed to get in without a reservation. We realized how lucky we were the next time we went with a reservation. This place is amazing. Try everything they make - its all delicious. A group next to us . Optional Byob, they also sell by the bottle. Hands are your only utensil for half the meal, so go with people sho understand hygiene.A return trip to Marrakesh has been on my "Philadelphia Bucket List," so when I realized I needed to find a place that could accommodate 17 people for my birthday dinner I was thrilled to read Lauren S.' review recommending them as a great spot for big groups. This was great advice! The food was delicious, the experience is a lot of fun, and the price cannot be beat. (Believe me, I made a lot of phone calls when planning this dinner ... nobody else even came close!)
While the restaurant has a full bar, they also allow you to BYOB with no fee. They brought us a cooler for the wine and glasses right away and were very patient as it took quite a while for our whole group to arrive. At the beginning of the meal, your hands are washed with rosewater - this is not just a nice touch, but necessary since you'll be eating with your hands! We then enjoyed 5(+) excellent courses ... the menu has stayed the same since my last visit 5 years ago, so I'll let you read other reviews for a detailed description. Suffice it to say that the food is still delicious! I am so grateful that our group spanned 2 tables, because any time there were two options we ordered one of each and shared. They were also vegetarian-friendly and provided meat-free options to the vegetarians in our group seamlessly! 
I'm so glad I made it back to this hidden gem before leaving the city. It was definiteley worth a return visit!We had a fun friend's birthday outing at Marrakesh.  Although we made reservations way in advance, they didn't originally seat us in an area that would fit the size of our party (13) eventually when a larger party cancelled they did move us to a more fitting space.  This is an eat with your hands place so a server regularly comes by with pita.  Wish the pita had tasted more fresh, but the prices here are very reasonable so hard to complain.  The first course was probably my favorite, eggplant, pickled carrots, and cucumber tomato salad.  Then a meat pie kinda thing with a sweet pastry crust, served hot, don't burn your fingers when digging in.  Then the spicy chicken, yum, loved his course too.  Then beef and lamb kabobs, then couscous, a fruit plate and baklava.  And don't forget the belly dancer, bring one's.  Definitely a fun place with a group of friends.  There were quite a few people waiting to get in when we left around 9.  Recommend more for the experience than the food, but the food was not too shabby, especially considering the reasonable price and you can BYOB.Agh if I were to pick one in Philly to take a friend to, Marrakesh it is. 
It is just so cool to eat with your hands and just have whatever courses they are serving on that day. 
I have been there three times, never disappointed. 
And it's ever worthier for relatively small group (3-4) since the portion does not seem to change much, if any, no matter how large the group is unless you have like 8+. 
And the FIRST COURSE SALAD is the BEST!!!!!!$25 per person and byob! The food is awesome and the service is amazing! This is a great place to take anybody visiting Philadelphia! Highly recommendedBe prepared to wait...we had a reservation for 8:30 PM last Saturday (10 people) and at 9:20 we were still waiting OUTSIDE for our table.   Someone from the restaurant kept coming outside to tell our group - "only a few more minutes, they are paying now"...then to say "so sorry, i'll give you wine on the house - just a few more minutes" - we played this game at least 4 times before unanimously deciding this place didn't deserve our money.  10 minutes understandable, 20 minutes almost forgivable but 50 minutes (and who knows how much longer we would have waited) is completely unacceptable.  The guy had the nerve to say "Please come back."Oh man, where do I begin! 
Went here with my girlfriend expecting to get a cool experience, try some new food - and we had heard good things. Well what we got was he complete experience! Hands washed in the beginning - necessary because you eat with your hands! Small intimate rooms with the decor to match the food. They had a belly dancer come out in the middle of our dinner who danced for a good 2 minutes.
Food itself was dynamo. They ask you what type of meet you prefer, if you like spicy or non spicy, and if you'd like a 12 dollar jug of their house wine! Great deal! 
I can't recommend it enough, and can't wait to go back.The restaurant is on a small street and you have to ring the doorbell to get in. The decor is really cool and cozy with dark lighting and rug-lined walls. Everything was great at first, the staff was nice and our first waiter explained everything we needed to know about the 7-course meal. After that moment, everything went downhill. 
I think our second waiter was new so he got our first course mixed up with the hand washing part. He didn't seem to really care that he made a mistake and was very nonchalant about it as well.
After we washed our hands, the first three courses were served together with stale pita bread. There was one delicious eggplant dish and two underwhelming salads, one being what tasted like boiled carrots and a simple cucumber and tomato with vinegar dressing. 
After the waiter took that away, he brought us a pastry looking pie that was over dusted with powdered sugar. The filling tasted vaguely like bland rubbery egg whites and maybe tofu? I don't know, it was all very confusing. 
When this plate was taken away, we waited a whole hour and a half before the next dish came out. During this time no one came to ask us if we needed anything. We had no water, no help, and definitely no explanation as to why we had to wait so long for the next course. 
When someone finally asked us if we needed water, to which we responded yes, it never actually came. That happened twice within the two hours we were there.
Finally, the chicken dish came out and it looked like an over boiled baby chicken with a lemon slice on top. I feel like it probably doesn't take an hour to make this under seasoned chicken so I'm not sure what happened there but we had to wait another half hour (2 hours total now) before we decided we could no longer wait for the rest of the meal. So we asked for everything else to-go and to get the check. At this time, the waiter finally explained to us that the oven was broken but it was too late. 
Of course the check took another 30 minutes to come. By the time we left I couldn't tell if I was more mad about waiting 2.5 hours for nothing or about paying $160 (with gratuity already having been included in the bill for you) for five people to wait 2.5 hours. 
I got home and tried the kabob. It was dry, over-cooked and super bland. All in all, I'm probably never going back. The food was not good and the service could've been so much better.Extremely unique with a delicious 7 course meal. If you don't know about the place you would not find it, which makes you feel as if you're in a hidden VIP restaurant. The belly dancers added some fun entertainment. The place is small and intimate and definitely makes you feel as if you're in Morocco.Amazing Lebanese food! The babaganoush was the best I've ever had. So lemony and delicious. Also got the labneh and zatar manakeesh and it was sooo good. The combination of the labneh, zatar and warm flatbread was to die for. Finally, we ordered the shawarma player that comes with rice, hummus and salad. Amazing. We got the big pot of tea and some baklava for dessert. Everything was a 10/10.Be forewarned, go here ONLY if you have a lot of time to spare and are NOT looking for a quick bite. I came here with a group of about 10 people. Our dinner lasted almost four hours and we were going crazy towards the end because we just wanted to get out of there. 
This place offers a 7 course meal and is great for a group setting because it's really easy to share. Check my pics to see what each course was. This place had a great vibe including fun music and belly dancing. You also get to eat with your hands! :) You start off with salad, leading into the chicken & meat entrees, and ending with fruit & dessert. Overall, a great meal that'll leave you stuffed! My favorites were the eggplant salad and the beef kebabs. You also get as much pita as you want. I wasn't a big fan of the cous cous or the lamb (lamb was too sweet). Definitely check out this place because the experience is worth it! 
Note: Even though this is a pretty pricey dinner, it is CASH ONLY!Two weeks before leaving Philadelphia, I discovered this amazing place. Undoubtedly, this is the heaviest dinner I have ever eaten in my life, and never imagined that it would be Moroccan food. It is a 5 course large meal and I just gorged and gorged on food, especially their great veggie dishes. 
My favorite was the egg plant dish in the first course, out of the world. Definitely try them out when you have an appetite.What a great experience! Was in Philly for the weekend and decided to try this place out. All I can say it was a great experience. The place is small, intimate and really makes you feel like you were transplanted to Morocco. From the moment we sat down , I was happy we came. We were served a 7 course meal which we ate family style and with our fingers...( giving it more of an authentic feel ). The food was very tasty.  The service was good as well.  Wish we had a place like this in NYC. Whenever I go back to visit, I will definitely make sure to come back to this place again.A few years back I went to Morocco and fellin love with the food. So my friend brought me here during a shopping trip to Philly and again fell in love. This restaurant is off South St and is in a little alley. The entrance has a huge red door with a big knocker on it, so make sure you knock. A big man comes to the door and lets you in to be seated. The decor consists of dark rugs and tiles everywhere, which makes it feel cozy. The tables are bench seating which is perfect bc its family style food and comes in 7 courses.
1st Course- 3 platter salad. Cucumber& tomato, Carrots & eggplant. I am not a fan of eggplant but I LOVE the eggplant the most.
2nd Course- Bastella. A typical Moroccan type of meat pie made out of phyllo topped with granulated  sugar, cinnamon mixed with eggs, chicken and some other stuff. Wasn't my favorite but worth a try. I like the phyllo topping the most. 
3rd course- *I'm already full fyi* CHICKEN in a lemon sauce with olives! Savory, delish, fall of the bone baked chicken I have ever had. Obviously this is baked for hrs.  My friend literally sucked the bone dry. 
4th course- Choice of Lamb or Beef Kabob. Not a fan of lamb so we went w/ beef. Beef was tough and over cooked for my taste but I still ate a couple pieces.
5th course- Couscous. Vegetables, chickpeas  & raisins. Can not possibly eat more.
6th course- Basket of assorted fruit. (We took this to go)
Last course- Mint tea with Baklava. Tea was delicious and the pastry was sweet and a perfect ending to my meal. 
This place is a must every time I go to Philly. I LOVE THE FOOD HERE!!!! FYI cash only... and its very well priced.It was the best Moroccan food I have had. An experience of a lifetime. Will surely visit this place again when next time I am in philly!It was a cryptic and memorable Friday night (in early April).
Walking down (dark and shady) Gaskill Street on my way to Marrakesh, I already felt as if I had been transported to sequestered residential alleyway in a Moroccan town. I kept looking back after we turned the corner because I literally thought that someone was following my friend and I. At last, we spotted the green Marrakesh awning and spotted some men chatting while grilling meats under the bright outdoor light. They instructed us to use the side entrance on Leithgow.
We knocked on the door twice. A few seconds later, somebody opened the door asking if we had a reservation. "No," I said. He let us in anyway.
We were seated immediately (because this place is TINY). Then, we realized two things: 1) that this place was cash only (which is always a huge turn-off), 2) that the only dinner option was a 7-course menu. We deliberated for a few seconds, and decided that we would stay for the adventure. I'm glad we did. 
My friend ran to the nearest ATM to get some cash. Meanwhile, I had already started digging into the first course before he returned. We still joke that we think we were already 50% full after just the first course. There's unlimited pita bread (throughout your meal, not just the first course; they actually encourage you to take a handful each time) and massive servings of very filling eggplant, mint/carrot and cucumber side dishes. I think the second dish was the olive chicken dish, which was so amazingly tender and well-flavored. If I recall correctly, that's the only course where you had the option to choose between two dishes.
A few minutes pass. Everything is kind of hazy in my mind after the second dish because we both gradually slipped into a massive and serious food coma. We literally just slouched there and thought "OMG... how much more do we have to eat. My stomach is literally about to explode." It's not like we could take it to-go. There was even a belly dancing performance somewhere in between. Desserts came and we breathed a sigh of relief.
Everything tasted really good. I've never had Moroccan food before this, but I get a feeling that everything tasted relatively authentic. Some of the textures and tastes are a little bizarre for the American palate (like the scrambled-egg like dessert). Nonetheless, it tasted good and that's all that really matters.
Here's some things to know before you come:
- It's cash-only. There's an ATM at the restaurant, but, of course, you never want to fall for that trap.
- Come with more than one other person! I saw two other groups that were just two people, but trust me, you will start to feel uncomfortable by the third or fourth course and it's not a pleasant feeling. And definitely don't come here alone. I would say 3-5 people is a good party size.
- Be prepared to eat with your hands. Utensils are not the norm here.
- The ambiance is wonderful. It's like a little piece of Morocco that made its way to Philadelphia. With that said, it can get kind of boisterous. 
- Service is great.
- Generally quite affordable. My friend and I ate like pigs and we still paid like $30 each. They also pre-calculate the gratuity for you, I think, so you just pay the amount that's on the check.Wonderful food, very good deal. The staff is so efficient and polite. We visited Philadelphia from Chicago, and I'm so glad to find out about Marrakesh before we got there. The owner told us they have been in business for 41 years.Seven course meal for $25 each, plus tax and gratuity.  Food was plentiful and delicious.  Our party of four never ate all of the food in any of the courses.  Payment is cash only, but there's numerous ATMs in the close proximity.  Seating is a little tight; restaurant was full on a Tuesday night so make reservations.  There's also no waiting area.  Neat, authentic environment.I've been to Marrakesh twice, and both times I left stuffed.  This place is a very social experience since you are sharing plates and eating everything with your hands.  The tables are also very close together.  It's fun to come here with a small group.  From knocking on the ornate door on one of South Street's side streets to the dark and cozy ambiance, the place has an air of mystery about it.  The servers were very friendly both times I was here.  If you are intimidated by having to eat seven courses, you can have your leftovers wrapped up.  My favorites were the eggplant salad on pita at the beginning, the spicy cumin chicken, and the tea at the end.
While I do agree that cash only is a pain, the food and dining experience is worth making sure to hit up an ATM on your way.  Don't forget to pick up a bottle of wine as well, since it's BYOB.  If you have any friends coming from out of town, this is a nice place to take them on a weekend for dinner when the belly dancer is there.Thank God for navigation systems.  
The girls and I had gotten together at a friend's house out in the burbs (Delware County, I think) and went here for saturday dinner.  It was a blast.  The set menu is great...everything is delish.  Vegetarian, friendly, too, as they brought out special options for our veggie friend...yes, that's right, she still had several different course, not just lots of salad and couscous - and left very happy and satiated.
Defnitely cal and get reservations on weekends - they get booked fast. 
Oh! and they only take cash....but there's an ATM at the quik mart across South St