Big prices for average food, pizza was good but everything else wasn't. You'll find much better food in the area for an all around better experience. Went with a friend who was telling us how it's been around forever, they used to go as kids kinda thing. Needless to say, they also left disappointed and remembered a much better restaurant. Our waiter/hostess was rude and ignored us and talked with her friend for the most part of our lunch. Feel for the most part this restaurant is a tourist trap which explains the prices. You can find much better for the area and it's surprising they weren't better, they are in a prime location and have potential to make a lot of good business. I don't mind the cost, I'll pay a fortune for good food, but this place was subpar.I went there for the first time with my girlfriend, because I heard their pizza was delicious.  We both picked our own personal pizzas, and it was incredible.  Seriously in the running for my favorite pizza I've ever had.  As I looked through the menu, I was excited to find that it offered legitimate Italian food.  The only negative thing was that the waitress took forever to come to our table, and it was on purpose.  I don't know what her problem was with us, but it had to be either the way we look or the way we were sitting, because neither of us had even done or said anything to her.  She whispered something to another waitress, and I actually heard her coworker say to her, "What, you don't want them?  I'll go wait on them."  and she said, "No, it's fine."  Then she came over after I made eye contact with her about a hundred times and actually opened with, "I guess you're ready to order."  It was stunning how much I wanted her to be fired mid-shift.
A week or so later, based solely on how good the food was, I took my girlfriend (again), our daughter, my brother and mother. Luckily, we got a different waitress.  She was nice, but I found it kinda weird how she sat at the booth right behind us when she wasn't waiting on us.  Aside from my mom, we all chose things other than pizza.  My mom was the only one who was happy with her food.  It was all really bland.  Like, it almost seemed like they just went to Acme, got a can of tomato paste and poured it on top of their spaghetti & meatballs, chicken parm and whatever my girlfriend got.  My brother was especially displeased with his spaghetti and meatballs, so I asked (on his non-confrontational behalf) if they could bring him something else.  They did, and he hated it.  
Highly recommended if you want some seriously killer pizza.  If you're considering dining in, I'd highly suggest... well, basically, not doing it.  They deliver, but if you wanna put it on your card, the minimum is $20!  I think that's pretty high.how can anyone who knows good italian food even partly like their food .it has no flavor at all, i though it might be just that day i was there but i actually gave them a second chance and not only was the food terrible the old waitress was so rude .i asked for a glass of water and 10 minutes went by and she was playing with her phone and then gave me an attitude when i asked her again.save your money and time and go buy a jar of ragu.A true taste of Italy. Their food is great and their staff is very welcoming. A truly wonderful dining experience!This review is only based on my take-out experiences.
I found this place through Grub Hub, never been to the actual restaurant. So far I've ordered from them 3 times. Food wise, they are consistent. It's pretty good; never dry or too oily (which is hard with delivery), decent amount of prosciutto in my tortellini alfredo dish that I always get. Good portions. My only gripes are that on the 3rd time I ordered, two orders of tortellini alfredo took two hours. TWO HOURS FOR PASTA. That annoyed me, and this place IS a little pricey. $17 for said torts seems a little absurd but when I'm hungry and want to put myself into a cheese coma, I can't resist.Pizza is okay, at least I thought so until I saw the bottom half of a bug in my pizza. Upstairs is incredibly dirty, you can see the dust bunnies on the ceiling fans. Service is bad, at best. I waiting for approximately 15 minutes for a drink refill. If you come maybe you will find the top half of the bug that was missing from my pizza!I ordered the chicken parmesan and a ceaser salad. I've been looking for a good italian place that delivers to me since I moved to this neighborhood last year, and so far all the places I've tried have been mediocre. This place is excellent. I judge italian food based on the quality of their tomato sauce, or "gravy". Marra's sauce is delicious. I am excited to try some of the other dishes they offer.Marra's is known for it's pizza. The service can be a bit rough and forget about delivery, it takes forever. That doesn't mean that  you shouldn't go there, and enjoy a glass of wine and a pescatore pizza.Everything that isn't their pizza is super slimy. I love going here with my girl for a pie and a few beers. The waitresses and bartender are usually visibly drunk by 8 pm. DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING THAT IS NOT PIZZA AND DEFINITELY DO NOT GET IT DELIVERED. PS what's up with their overhead pager that exerts loud farts? My favorite part is the drink menu- see picture. They will not serve you a "White Russian Bloody Mary" or their signature Blank Russian no matter how polite you are.I've been to Marra's at least 3 times and they just continue to have bad service and bad food. Only thing that I HAVE had that was good was the pizza.I ate at Marra's for the first and last time over the weekend. My family was in town and we were looking for a good place that could seat seven of us (plus a baby) on a Sunday night, so we settled here. The hostess told us they had room for us upstairs and instructed us to choose one of the available tables. When we went up, there was a table that could fit six and two combined tables that could fit 12. We chose the larger grouping, but sat ourselves toward one end in case they needed to take the smaller table away for additional customers.
When our waitress came by with the menus, she informed us that we had chosen the wrong table--despite the fact that we wouldn't have been able to fit at the other table--"but it's okay, don't worry about it." Uh, sure. She left us six menus and six glasses for seven people and then disappeared for the next 20 minutes.
Upon her eventual return, we ordered our meals and an anti-pasto appetizer, and also requested some bread. I requested my chicken piccata to be prepared gluten-free, which the waitress was very familiar with, so that at least was nice. She returned shortly thereafter with some bread and finally another glass. The bread must have come straight from the fridge because it was absolutely frigid, much to the chagrin of those who ate it.
The appetizer came a few minutes later, and it was decent enough. Just a standard anti-pasto of olives, lettuce, some deli meats, and cheese, dressed in olive oil and basil. It held us over until our meals came about 15 minutes later. I wish I had eaten more of the appetizer, because it was the most edible thing I'd have for the rest of our time there.
When the server put my food in front of me, I stared down at two tiny pieces of chicken breast swimming in a pool of white wine sauce. Next to that was a bowl of wilted spinach. My brother-in-law, who had also ordered chicken piccata, though prepared regularly, had a portion that was at least twice the size of mine.
My chicken was rubber. I'm not trying to be metaphorical here. It literally tasted and had the texture of rubber. I had to fight hard to eat it. I don't know how they normally prepare their chicken, but they must have taken the two smallest pieces they could find and tossed them in a microwave for 10 minutes on high, then placed them in the pool of sauce. The spinach was unseasoned, so I dumped it in the remainder of my sauce to give it a bit of flavor. It was edible, at least. I did mention my displeasure to the server as he brought out the remaining meals, but nothing more came of it. No discount, no remaking of the dish. I sat and conversed with everyone else as they finished their meals, since it only had taken a couple of minutes to finish my minuscule portion.
My girlfriend's linguine, she informed me, was bland, but after adding enough Parmesan cheese, it was digestible. The pizza that my father, brother, and sister split was soggy. Most of it was eaten with a fork and knife. My brother-in-law's chicken piccata was much more edible than mine, though he didn't exactly praise it. My brother's roommate had no complaints about his dish that I can recall, but no additional praise, either. The highlight of the evening was watching my one-year-old niece eat her ziti, as a majority of the marinara sauce ended up on her face and in her hair. At least the entertainment was good.
The final insult came when the waitress brought us the check. Since we were a large group, we expected gratuity to be included. What we didn't expect, though, was for the included gratuity (or "service charge" as it was listed on the bill) to be 20 percent. Fifteen to 18 percent I can understand and is perfectly acceptable--as well as standard for any other restaurant I've ever been to. Give the customers the opportunity to add on more if they feel the service justified it. But to add that much onto a customer's bill? Talk about audacity. Even if we had wanted to contest the charge, there wasn't an employee to be found upstairs at that point, despite there still being several tables of patrons eating. After way too long of trying to figure out how to split the check among us, we all just threw in some cash, made sure it added up correctly, and left.
As I finish writing this review, I'm looking on the side of the page and I can see two five-star reviews, one four-star review, and two one-star reviews. I'd love to know what Marra's Restaurant the five- and four-star reviewers ate at, because I'd sure like to try it. But after my experience, there's no way I will ever go back to the Marra's I had to endure.Marra's is good stuff. I never had a bad meal here. Me and my girlfriend went here yesterday and got a 4 course meal for 20 bucks. Not Bad.. She had the chicken catchatori, and I had fettuccine alfredo wth broccoli and prosciutto. tt was very satisfying. I hear really good stuff about the pizza here but never had it. Next time I suppose.The best gravy I've had. Server was very attentive and recommended a cocktail. Will be backI give three stars only for the good pizza. Service, not much good to say. Our server was MIA almost the entire meal. I know we just ordered pizza, but refills and napkins are needed still. Also, no bread? Was disappointed considering it was an Italian restaurant, not just a pizza shop. Pizza is always good, great size, great price ($13.75 for X-LARGE!) . The Food is all I enjoyed here, nothing else.Great pizza!!! This place has the best pizza and good entrees. Been here a few times with my girlfriends Service is ok but ask for the waiter Anthony he is great the best server they have he is real attentive and nice too look at as well all my girlfriends think so., not sure if he still works here haven't seen him. The prices here are reasonable I had the antipasto salad it was really good and of course the pizza was great. We will definitely being going back! 
*Frankie*Bland ass shit. You might as well stay home and make it yourself. I had the gnocchi and it was like drinking water or breather air. B L A N D.i came to marra's on a mission. MISSION: CARBS! ok, ok...it wasn't really my mission so much as my boyfriend's, but who's gonna pass up an opportunity to gorge on italian food? not this girl!
tho typically not a pasta eater, the bf was carbing up for the broad street run the following morning. as all carb-counting was off the table this night, he intended to go big - no healthy size portions here, thank you very much - so we headed to south philly. he had been to marra's before and chose it for this night because, it just has that, you know, south philly charm :) as a first timer, i was unsure quite what to expect, but sadly instead of getting a table downstairs, we ended up seated in the less authentic feeling upstairs. oh well.
we started with the antipasto rustico (he ate the meat, i ate the veggies, we shared the cheese) and a carafe of house chianti. he ordered the linguini pescatore with a white sauce and when it came out you could barely see the giant mound of noodles beneath the tons of shrimp, mussels, scallops, clams and calamari. minus the couple forkfuls of pasta that i mooched, he managed to eat every last bite. 
i, on the other hand, finished half my plate of eggplant parmesan + a side of penne and saved the other half for lunch. it's worth noting that i am VERY picky when it comes to eggplant parm, well, anything with eggplant for that matter. i like it thin, tender, peeled and preferably as seedless as possible. marra's *may* have left the skin on (i'm writing this well after the fact, so...) and it's hard to avoid the seeds, but it was perfectly cooked to my liking, and bonus points for lack of deep fried bread crumbs - this was the real deal.
our bellies full, we passed on dessert and paid our bill. the paper had more personality than our waitress who seemed to be indifferent to our presence. to her credit, everything was served accurately and in a timely fashion, so no points lost there, but none gained either. anyway... as we made our way back downstairs, we caught a glimpse of the cannoli filling being made in the kitchen and decided to get one to-go....oh, and a tiramisu as well. when my man wants his carbs, he gets his carbs!! 
glad we got the tiramisu as we both preferred it over the cannoli, tho it didn't exactly "wow" us. the cannoli cream was wonderfully authentic - ricotta cheese with more chocolate chips packed in than i've ever had in a cannoli in my life, and i was practically raised on them. it was not sweet like termini's (which are my philly fave) yet just as good in its own way. the shell, however, tasted like an overly crunchy egg roll wrapper. not sure if it was the dough or the oil or what...but after one bite each we tossed it - the shell, that is. we went to town on that filling!
as for value, our bill (pre-desserts) came to roughly the same $50 as 3 glasses of wine and an appetizer did earlier that evening at thirteen.Best gluten free pasta I have ever had. Hands down. I wanted to lick my plate clean. Vodka sauce with prosciutto pasta dish amazing. Broccoli rabe to die for. Home made cannolis...need I say more? I have eaten at a number of other Italian places on Passyunk and this is always my favorite for this moderate price point. Marras is also the oldest restaurant on this part of Passyunk to my knowledge. My family has eaten here for 3 generations. My mom says when growing up this was basically the only restaurant in the neighborhood. So why not support a super local, long-running business?I think their Pizza is the best in Philly.  They have a huge ancient brick oven.  They will cook the crust a little bit more is you like it crispy.  
Mussels are awesome...Sarcone's bread...I can easily make a meal for two with a salad, some mussels and pizza.  
Service is spotty...some nights its great...other nights it can be really really slow.  Waitresses are kinda like your mom....call you hun in a traditional south Philly style.Old school, neighborhood red-gravy restaurant, with the typical South Philly "atty-tude" (which is really part of the ambience, isn't it?).  Decor is def from the 60's at best. Waitress warms up to you once you engage in conversation, then it's uphill from there.  We were seated at a booth, which was a little cramped, but not bad.  The table and the seats were actually sticky, which was a little disturbing, but they they didn't appear dirty.  Service was quick and efficient.  There is a little bar which seemed fully stocked, although the wine choices were very limited 
Menu is large and there is something for everyone from pasta, to seafood to veal and chicken.  The pizza seems like the draw here.  We didn't have pizza, but plenty of other diners did, and it looked really good!  I had the Chicken Florentine (boneless breast in a nice marsalla sauce, with mushrooms, spinich and thinly sliced prosciutto and cheese.  Yum!  Hubby had a seafood dish (don't recall the name) in a white sauce over pasta.  They defiitely did not skimp on the seafood, either!  A very nice dish.  Bread was good, but would have been better if served warm.   Prices are moderate, and overall a good value for the quality and quantity of food (there were lots of leftovers to take home!).   Parking was also surprisingly plentiful on Passyunk.  Definitely a place to try at least once!I went here for dinner with my friend without reservations. We were sat right away which is one of the only good things I experienced here. 
First of all, our waitress pounced on us as soon as my friend was in her chair to take our orders- food, not drinks. She never took orders for drinks and we scarcely saw her the rest of the evening. The restaurant was NOT busy, but she kept sending bussers to our table to do all of the work including bringing our food, checking on us, and (after being asked 3 times) bringing me a cup of the worlds weakest coffee. She spent a large amount of time chatting with other waitresses and at one point a table of what appeared to be her friends since she certainly wasn't spending the same amount of time with any of her other tables. I finally had to flag down another waiter to bring our check over. Our waitress finally sent (surprise) a busser over with our check. The only thing she managed to do was collect our check, and then charge us 6 cents more than our bill. And obviously 6 cents is nothing, but still... why?
Second of all- my friend ordered a pizza and I ordered chicken parm. They brought my friends meal out long before they brought out mine. So the options were a) she wait and her food get cold by the time mine arrived, or b) we basically watch each other eat so she could enjoy her food hot. We opted for option 2 and it was awkward. 
Won't be going back. So disorganized.We went because one of our group raved about the pizza.  But I didn't get pizza; I don't know why.  I should go back and try it.
The service is gruff, but that's just their South Philly way.  Our server was attentive, and she even smiled when we made a joke.  She just didn't smille constantly.  Since I've moved away and don't hear it often, I loved hearing her accent.
The pasta is homemade. But skip the broccoli appetizer.  Normally it is my favorite thing to order in Italian restaurants, but here it was overcooked and oversalted.Incredible and huge calzones for a good price! They also made a fab mango margarita! The wait staff was awesome and attentive, even with a big 13 person party. Great atmosphere and good food. I will definitely be back!I've had the pepperoni pie a few times and its OK. I love the brick oven taste but they cut the pieces into small slices which is kind of odd. I gave 4 stars only for the brick oven aspect. The sauce is good and they load the pizza with pepperoni.Really wanted to try the pizza here so I went with my boyfriend and my niece. For the sake of the 6 year old, we got pepperoni pizza. It was ok. We also got the clams casino which was yummy but there was a bit too much of one flavor as opposed to a medley of flavors with all of the ingredients that's piled onto of the clams (which were like baby clams, not "meaty" at all). I got the special they had for the day, which was steak stuffed with crab meat. Separately, very bland. But when I had a forkful of the steak, crab meat, and sauce all in one bite.. it was edible. Boyfriend got some kind of pasta which he said was ok, but he eats everything. The pizza was pretty good.
We returned another time with my sisters in tow (me, boyfriend, sister, other sister, and niece) since we wanted my sister to try the pizza. My two sisters decided to share a pizza and ordered some kind of vegetable sausage mix. My one sister ate almost two slices and the other sister barely ate one slice... pizza wasn't thin and crispy. I ate some and admit it wasn't as good as the last time. They also shared a lasagna, I ordered some kind of pasta. Everything was a muddle of flavors. Kind of yummy, mostly bland, but nothing spectacular. Such a shame because this place seemed so promising. Still might come by here and there, but it just seems like there's no essence here.If you're going to this place for anything but the pizza this review won't be a help to you. I've had other food from here and it wasn't stellar but the pizza is and always has been, pretty darn amazing. I read some other reviews which complained about the staff as well, again I don't eat in here because yes, is it an old-school establishment with old-school waiters and their old-school attitudes. However, if you are looking for a pizza to pick up and take home, try this place. The crust is crispy and crunchy, great tomato sauce and perfect cheese ratio. This is definitely my favorite pizza in the city.Solid Italian classics in the perfect old school atmosphere. The pizza is dynamite as are the pasta dinners like manicotti or eggplant parm. 
Great neighborhood spot on the Ave to walk off your meal also. When feeling lazy, I get delivery and it is always as good as sitting in. Great classic!Stood for a good 10minutes to be seated as the staff walked by multiple times until I asked if I had to seat myself when the restaurant was pretty empty. Then continued to wait a good 15 min to even order. Chicken parm was served with barely any sauce on it or the pasta, very disappointinggreat.
All I want to say is that Marra's is great.First timer at Marra's but definitely won't be the last time. Went here after the Phils game with the family. We are die hard Ralph's fans but heard good things about Marra's so we thought we'd give it a try. Food was excellent, portions very big and prices were good. Will definitely return again and again. Brick oven pizza was delicious, pasta was homemade with many large chunks of crabmeat and the cannoli's were perfect. Great dinnerI've been here twice and I've enjoyed both my experiences. This is an old Italian restaurant that my pop used to come to as a kid. He used to love to bring my mother here while she was alive so this is a very nostalgic place for him. 
Sorry to read about poor service customers experienced in the past but that was not my experience at all. Our waitress was super, checked on us a lot and was fast and efficient. The rest of the staff were just as accommodating and they were very busy since it was a Saturday night. 
I had the linguini pescatore. Pasta was definitely homemade, the seafood was fresh. Price was about $18 and it was way more than I could eat.  Two others at the table got the baked ziti which they said was very good. 
For dessert, cannoli, of course! Outstanding! 
Atmosphere here could stand a little updating and the menu could stand a revamp but otherwise a good meal was had by all. 
Ended the night with a Marra's t shirt for my pop for only $10. Sweet!Whenever people from out of town want Italian food in Philly, I take them to Marra's. Skip the tourist trap chains like Maggianos and have a real slice of South Philly. The best pizza in town, and great entrees like veal parm. And when you're finished dinner get a cannoli!Worst service in the city. I 'm beyond disappointed with my service tonight. I 'm pretty sure my tip went to my gossipy waitress who did nothing but take my order than slam my dinner in front of me while the Mexican , "busboy" did everything for me and my party, and received none of it. Totally ridiculous. Never going back there. Unless you know the staff or are obviously Italian , expect to be treated poorly.Went here with 2 of my friends for East Passayunk Restaurant Week. Id never been here before and It was a cute little spot, very old school home vibe. Our server was so nice and attentive. We couldn't beat the 25 dollar 3 course meal, with 3 dollar wine special. (Granted it was one glass for the special, so we ended up getting a half bottle). My one friend and i started with the crab meat stuffed mushrooms and they were great! The other friend got the muscles and the portion was more than I was expecting which is never a bad thing. I got the veal caprese for the second course. Veal is always a hit or miss, but it was actually pretty good, and paired nicely with the pasta side, the red cause was a little plain, but mixed with the sauce that came with the veal it worked well. I finished with the cheesecake to top everything off, and you can never go wrong with cheesecake. My friends and I had a great time, and im sure we'll definitely will be back.Terrible, extremely slow service, calamari tasted like a mound of salt had been added to it, pizza was less than stellar.
We will not be coming backMarra's still has one of the best white pizza's in the world. Crust perfect, sausage, garlicy and cheese that actually has flavor. Topped with greens cooked I believe lightly sauted with olive oil and garlic.  
I am a bit nonplussed by these negative reviews of Pizzeria Marra.  We got 3 pizza's in about ten minutes quick service and a quick correction on an error. 
People order the pizza.  Your in South Philly if you want Chicken Piccatti and incredible Pasta go to a place that specialize. 
People from the community should rally around institutions like Marra's it helps preserve the neighborhoods character. 
Remember! order Pizzal Theire White Pizza with Broccoli Rabe and Sausage is one of the best things you will put in your mouth and take some pride in an institution.Maybe I caught you on a bad night, Marra's, but nothing thrilled me about my experience.  That's not to say anything was particularly bad, but nothing was remarkable either.
Service was spotty and the server seemed easily confused.  The pizza here is the star with the large stunning us with it's alarming size.  For the price however, I would have been shocked if it was any smaller.  The topping combinations seemed interesting enough, however this turned out to be the type of place that relied on lots and lots of cheese (don't get me wrong, I love cheese) and not enough on well seasoned flavors.  The eggplant, parmesan, and ricotta pie was too bland for my tastes.
The dishes that my dining partners enjoyed also seemed heavily drowned in cheese.  Yes, the portions are huge, and yes, you will be taking home leftovers.  But I would rather pay the same price for a slightly smaller, though well seasoned and cared for dish.I live around the corner from this place. 
Their pizza is excellent.
Their staff are some of the rudest people I've ever encountered. 
I won't be back and will never recommend it. 
I know other's feel the same way. That's why the other establishments around it are thriving while this place is dying out. 
Hopefully this place will go out of business in a few years and something better will replace it.Marra's has delicious pizza. You can find better Italian food in South Philly, but not better pizza. I give Marra's an extra star because it's reasonably priced. If you don't like the wait staff, do yourself a favor and get take-out. The older man behind the counter is always pleasant.Tagged along with friends as they ordered real food and I stuck to dessert-for-dinner.
They ordered the gnocchi pomodoro, ravioli pomodoro (both with tomato sauce) and a massive salad as well as a carafe of pinot noir and a glass of sangria. I ordered the tiramisu and asked that they bring it out alongside the entrees which they were happy to do.
The dishes looked like solid, standard Italian fare. My tiramisu was pretty inoffensive, it lacked the bitter coffee edge so I enjoyed it. The restaurant's atmosphere was overwhelmingly Italian in nature. Large groups shouting and laughing and passing around glasses of red wine. It's a crowded place, the dark wood paneling and high booth sectionals only increasing the sense of claustrophobia. 
Overall, I can see this place being a favorite for locals and generational regulars but it's definitely not a first choice for meeting up with friends.Me and 3 other friends sat down hoping to order a pizza we came at 9:15. When our server came over I told her that a fifth friend was coming - the first thing she said was "uh, our kitchen closes at 10" I said "no problem she will probably just order a drink" she told us to move to the larger booth in the back, did not help us move, and never returned to our table. We waited for 10 minutes, a friend went to the bathroom and saw her sitting in the back with her laptop and cell phone. We decided to leave and a friend went over and complained in person to the staff. The waitress replied, "YOU WERE WAITING ON A FIFTH PERSON!" As someone who has worked in the service industry for years, that's a poor excuse, she did not come check in, ask if we wanted drinks while we waited, or even ask about appetizers while we waited. The reality was we were already ready to order and I had already told our waitress that this fifth friend was just going to get a drink. I was appalled at the lack of service and will make sure to tell anyone who mentions this place as an option for dining not to bother. The service was that disappointing.peep everyone hating on marra's! ok i love their pizza, i love their pasta, and i've never had a problem with the service. no complaints here except that when we went to fuel up on carbs before broad street, i didn't have room for dessert. thumbs up!Went to Marra's last week with 4 other friends.  The food was so-so, and the service was terrible.  We waited an incredibly long time for service - to place our order, to get our food, to pay our bill.  Luckily we were sitting near a side-station, as we had to get our own bread plates.  One friend discovered gum under her seat when it stuck on her pants - she was in the process of trying to ice it off when the waitress came near - she got her attention (as it seemed the waitress was avoiding the situation) and told her there was gum under the seat.  The waitresses reply?  "Well, someone must have *just* put it there" as she hurried away.  No apologies, no offers of assistance.
Another friend asked if she could substitute another sauce for an alfredo.  The waitress said she could, but when we (finally) got the bill, we noticed we had been charged $2 extra.  When we asked the waitress she just said that alfredo is more expensive (which is true).  We would have liked to have known, however, that the substitution would have cost more when we ordered.
Based on the fact that the food was mediocre (my tortellini had the consistency of gnocchi), the service was terrible, and there are many better Italian restaurants in South Philly, I will not be returning to Marra's.We went here for dinner this evening mostly because we were dressed a little on the bummish side and wanted a place that was downscale enough to accept gym shorts AND serve Italian food.
One star is awarded for being okay with our attire.
However, while our waitress was friendly and personable, the whole meal felt like a NASCAR pitstop. It was super-fast service, which is nice when you're not waiting for your food, but overall we felt a little rushed.
The food itself was of questionable quality. My penne alla vodka with chicken seemed a bit underdone -- the pasta required extra chewing at times that just shouldn't have to happen. And his chicken parm seemed to be just the opposite -- a bit overdone.
I will say, though, that this place seems to shine in the pizza department according to other reviewers and we marveled a the delicious-looking pies that whizzed past us during this hurried dinner in South Philly. Maybe we'll go back for the pizza if we're in a hurry, but definitely not the pasta.First off I had soggy Caesar salad. The lettuce was too soggy and it wasn't from the dressing. We had mozzarella sticks that's came with a little lettuce. The lettuce was soggy too. The mozzarella sticks tasted like they were out of the frozen food section at a supermarket. The pizza was just ok. Not great. We had Margherita and it was served just above room temperature. Not hot and it was not thin crust like I expected. We also had a personal buffalo chicken pizza. Like all the things we ordered, it sounds good on the menu until you actually get it. The sauce was not good for the buffalo chicken and it took away from the pizza. I would not go back to this place. There are better pizza options around. One thing I will say is that it is good for large parties and for kids. Plenty of seating upstairs as well. We sat near two large parties. The waitress was attentive to us but the food just wasn't goodWent here to carb-load before a race.  Left full of carbs, but otherwise disappointed.  
When you walk in, it has a dinery feel, which I liked.  Felt very down to earth.  Apart from that, my immediate impression was that it had a very strange and overall displeasing odor.  I'm not sure what it was, but it stayed the whole time and I didn't like it.  
We ordered the calamari and fried mozzarella to start.  The mozzarella was pretty good, but boring, and the calamari was bland and disappointing.  I got the Chicken Parmesan.  People are right, the servings are big - but I'd rather have it be small and tasty than large and blah.  But that's what they gave me.  Giant chunk of chicken, a very small portion of spaghetti, ironically.  I got bored eating it.  
We did order dessert and that was pretty tasty - a cannoli and a tartufo.  Both were quite good - maybe 4 stars on the dessert.  
Finally, the woman serving us was generally unfriendly.  Everything we asked for seemed like an inconvenience.  I won't be coming back here.i don't think it was a fluke, but it may have been the incredibly poor waitstaff. it's charming, although a bit crowded and dark and upon coming in we were warmly greeted and promptly sat. The waitress however, took many trips around us...but never to us. Finally, she came and seemed very unaware of how long we waited (which was impossible because she had tables all around us). While never being rude, i did comment early that she was 'susy sunshine' because well...clearly she wasn't thrilled to be working. We order two personal pizzas, the house special antipasto salad and fries. the table was full of wrapped gifts, but the waitress did not appear to care to ask why (it was for a 12 year olds birthday. she would have loved to have been asked about it). the fries come first. half a plate of fries for 4.50... i knew right then we were in trouble. Fries are cheap. Like very cheap. When you charge that much and give half a serving on a bread plate no less, not even in a basket with a liner to catch the grease, you don't care very much. The pizzas were ok, or might have been had the mushroom pizza had fresh mushrooms. Canned mushrooms ARE NEVER OK IN A RESTAURANT. it's lazy and it tastes terrible. The salad had so much vinegar on it, i tried to dump it out pouring it into the only available dish (there was not a lot of waitstaff concern for our table) once it filled the bread plate, still with a puddle at the bottom, i was done. we returned it and asked for the check. She did ask did i want another one and seemed surprised that i was refusing. She never acknowledged that yes, a bread plate full of dressing is too much dressing. She also did not clear the lake of dressing...... or any other dish and  when asked for a refill she simply brought another glass leaving the old one to add to the clutter. She did not send over management to find out what was wrong, she did however tell us she didn't charge us for it as if she was doing us some favor. we tipped her minimal amount because i don't NOT tip when i dine out but we won't be there again... it was the only restaurant with open seating in a summer Saturday in the city.. now i understand why. money is too hard to part with, choose another restaurant.I used to love coming here for mussels and pizza. The pizza is still pretty good. But with all the others places in the neighborhood  that have 100% better service, we won't be coming to Marra's again. We saw the bus boy more than our surly waitress. So much so that we tipped him separate because he was basically our server. I tried to brush it off as "atmosphere" but the last straw was the bartender dropping the F bomb in front of my children. And that's that, Marra's.Great catered trays of baked ziti, friendly and professional service.  Underrated in yelp for sure!This place is fine for pizza. But if you're thinking of ordering pasta here then save your money, go home, and dump some cheap sauce and kraft cheese onto noodles and you'll produce a better meal.I wanted to love this place as much as I love all South Philly Italian joints. Came here for the pizza so I cannot speak to the dinner menu. Started off with mozzarella sticks. Eh- too much breading and the cheese wasn't melted all the way. On to the margarita pizza. It was very well done, which I am OK with but the crust was too burnt to eat. Sauce wasn't very flavorful either. I prefer Slice or Santucci's.
I will say the staff are very friendly and always checking in. I enjoyed the wine as well...but that's hard to mess up.Boy has this place gone downhill fast. The food is still great. The decor hasn't been updated in forever. But the service is now just horrible. The place is empty, but none of the tables are cleaned before we sit down and still have to wait for our table. And wait for silverware. And wait for napkins. And the bathrooms--UGH! The soap dispenser is a drop of soap diluted with water--like when I ran out of dish soap in my apartment in college. Ewww.I am so happy to read the hipster punks on yelp hating Marra's. Please stay out and leave the place for people who know. It will be here long after you follow your folks back to the suburbs.Marra's rocks! Authentic Italian in South Philly, for very reasonable prices! 
I've eaten pizza with shrimp. HUGE shrimp, very tasty. The lasagna was awesome. The lingiuni with clams was very good. Real chunks of clams, not something out of can.
The location is great. The inside almost looks like somebody's house. I have zero complaints about this place. Zero. Great place for a date, good with kids, great place to take parents or out-of-town guests for "authentic Philly Italian". I can't say enough about this place!
They also have take-out if you just want to get a pizza and take it home.
The only negative is that they have a minimum of $20 for credit card purchases. I understand why, however this violates the contract they signed with Visa/MasterCard. Not cool. If you sign a contract with somebody, you gotta live up to it.I really love Marra's. It is so good. i moved to Philly a few years ago and just around the corner from my house was an old looking storefront. I thought this place was closed for good, but luckily it wasn't. I later found out that this place was the wonderful Marra's. it may not have a gorgeous appearance, but it is worth it to step inside. It's a casual sit down restaurant in a great south Philly location. 
So, I started getting fliers in the mail for all different pizza places. So, being new to the east coast, I made it my mission to find the best local pizza. I ordered a pizza from almost every flier i received. and then I tried Marra's and there was no turning back. (although Franco Luigi's is probably the closest equal)
I will say that I have only enjoyed the pizza. The salad is an average salad from an average Italian restaurant. I ordered the Linguine con Vongole and it was not good. 
BUT, the pizza makes up for that. Thin and crispy and hot and saucy! My favorite is spinach and provolone (with mozzarella also). I usually don't like spinach on pizza because it gets dry or too mushy, but they put it in the cheese so it doesn't burn. I like that. 
My brother visited me from Detroit and I took him to Marra's as I do every visitor. He still will not stop talking about it. When people ask him about Philly, this is the first thing he mentions. He mentions that before Cheesesteak.Reviewed by Mario of Super Mario Bros.
Mamma Mia! I was ona ma waya to finda princess when thesa creepy lil' musharooms I'll a call Goombas gangeda up ona me!  I was lika...
"EYIAH! Waddamattawitu face!?!?" 
So I just stompa them to da ground lika they were grapes for wine. It wasa beautiful thing and then I kept punching bricks and thesa coins keepa coming out. I'm lika...
"Didda Luigi putta somethin in da meat sauce?!" 
Thank you Mario, I'll take it from here. I believe you've done enough damage being the mundane stereotype you represent to the Italian culture through the perspective of a semi-racist but ingenious innovator of video games from land of the Rising Sun. 
"Whaddautalkinabouta?"
Aaaannnyyyway...
Marra's has been around for generations in the heart of the South Philly Italian neighborhood. East Passyunk, where this milestone stands, is home to many  restaurants and as of the past few years, it has went through a revival of a more "hip-attraction" for young, rich, old, and hipster alike...
Today's hipster invasion is brought to you by the Letter B and the number  2 and the word Cantina! And shallow people like you, thank you. 
Ok focus, this is Marra's!
The place has recently went through an under-construction of their own and the result still brings that family charm which I believe is what they are going for and at the same time a comfortable fresh atmosphere. The black tile exterior is pretty cool and it still gives Marra's that timeless look. The interior still has that romantic candle-light glow but it isn't as dank as it was the few times I was here before it's change. 
The food is still good and the smells wafting from the kitchen is a welcoming thumbs up. Fried calimari is a great starter to kick up your appetite and get ready because they pile their dishes. Though I was in a light kinda mood so I went with a salad but that alone is like a meal. They load it up with plenty of veggies, fetta cheese cubes, sun-dried tomatoes, cucumbers, you name it. If you still wanna call that rabbit food then it's probably for Rambo dressed in a rabbit suit. 
Speaking of celebrities, Marra's is adorn with many photographs, magazines, and other books showcasing famous people who had eaten there, plus images of the family throughout their history. Of course most of the celebrities are of Italian descent...
"Excusa me?! Ima not ona their wall!"
No one asked you and besides you're a fictional character. 
"Ima not!"
Yes you are. I mean the fact that I am even talking to you is irrational. 
"Shuddaufaca! You lie! You lie to Mario!"
Where the hell is that fat rejected Ninja Turtle thing that chases you around breathing fire?
"I go now! You maka me cry!"
Whatever... 
Ok so for good authentic Italian cuisine give Marra's a chance! It beats the even more stereotyped "Buca-de-Beppo" chain...
"Whaddausayabout my Mama?!?!?!!"
Um... I gotta go. Seems Mario has found himself one of those flashing stars.Visited Marra's during restaurant week, and was not disappointed. The service was great - friendly, responsive and helpful staff. Food was good and the portions were large - we both took food home and that is not typical for Don. From the calamari to chicken Maximo, everything was fresh, hot and tasty.WTF people? This IS ***** material. Totally best pizza. OMG. Do the trunk test. Can u put it in your trunk and drive away w/o getting back out and breakg into your own trunk? NFW dog! Awsome soup. Spinich in garlic. Muscles...nice. Get the sautéed mushrooms, then put them on the pie.......ooooohhhhh. World peace.I used to go here years ago when Passyunk Ave was more a ghost town then it is today. Many restaurants opened in the area since then and we've neglected this place for a while. Decided to give it a go again and brought a large group with me. Made reservations day of, they put us in the back section on the first floor. The table had water and glasses already set up. Ordered garlic bread and fried calamari for the table and it was delicious! The pizza we ordered was cooked perfectly and amazing! The check wasn't as high as I thought either. Only thing that knocks a star off is they don't include bread with dinner; a major no-no in most Italian restaurants. Otherwise still a flawless dinner.Went there last night and the service was horrible. The waitress never brought my daughter's glass of wine .We had to stop another server to ask for the wine. The bread was good ,however it was ice cold in the center. looks like they must freeze the bread and thaw it . I got the veal parm and my daughter got the chicken parm. Nice portions,however way too much bland sauce. My pasta was floating in the sauce. The breading was burnt. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Had to walk upstairs to use the restroom . Not sure if they have any other restrooms but that's where a cook directed me to the restroom and the men's restroom was down in the basement .So this place doesn't look like they care about handicapped people. Price was reasonable but the food was not worth the money for bland tasting, burnt food, floating in way too much sauce.My family has been going here for years and it never changes, which is a good thing. Reasonable prices and great food and service are its hallmark. The pizza is the best in Philly: try the white pizza with sliced tomatoes: unbelievable! The chicken parm is massive and scrumptious. Make sure you get pasta, because Marra's also has the best spaghetti sauce anywhere.You'd think that with so many restaurants opening in East Passyunk Av in the recent years, Marra's will up their game to remain competitive. I have seen this place slowly going down. This last (definitely last) time I visited was the worst experience in it. The service was slow. When some gentleman noticed that my husband and I were seating in one of the booths, he called one of the waitresses. I saw them having a rather unfriendly exchange, then she just came to our booth and asked "What do you want?", no hello, no "Could I start you with a drink?", nothing. And all employees seem to be hanging out and having personal conversations (even occupying one of the booths) in front of the patrons.
Fortunately we already knew what we wanted, so we ordered our meals. 5 minutes later some guy throws some cold dry bread on the table. Then a few minutes later out of nowhere the waitress returned and says "Do you want something to drink?" The restaurant was almost empty, though it was on a Saturday night it was pouring rain, so there weren't that many patrons in the restaurant.
We ordered Caesar's salad and stuffed mushrooms for appetizers. The salad was ok, but the stuffed mushrooms we used to love were horrible! Cold, and with some kind of weird liquid around them. They were poorly presented too.
Our entries were the Veal Alaska and Flounder Francase (pardon my spelling) Special. "Alaska" did come to mind when my husband tasted the rather cold veal. Seemed like it was cooked the day before and put in the microwave defrost a minute before it was served. My flounder was insanely overcooked and topped with a giant layer of (once) melted cheese. Under the cheese was a ball of spinach that looked pre-chewed by another person. And the plate was cold too. I paid an additional dollar for the "treat" of having my flounder with ravioli. Again, cold and the sauce was mediocre. The only thing that was warm was the beer I later regretted ordering.
Once upon a time this place had better food and definitely better service. In the past I've had good pizza, warm bread, hot meals, cold beer, and better tasting and better presented stuffed mushrooms, not to mention better service. All that seems to be a thing of the past. With so many other restaurants in the area, many of them with a diverse choice of Italian food, there are better choices with better service for a better price.Famous for their pizza. Stick with that and you'll be ok. Their pizza is absolutely delicious, with a nice, perfectly cooked thin crust. 
They have a huge menu full of sandwiches and Italian specialties, but I have yet to find any entree that I really like. If you like overly breaded chicken parm fried in dirty oil, topped with a ton of red sauce and a couple slices of cheese, you'll love it here. I'm unimpressed.
The waitstaff have an attitude that they don't want to be there. They're not  friendly or quick to bring you back refills of drinks, bread, whatever...you'll usually have to flag someone down and ask them to get your server.
One other thing I have to note (but it's not unique to Marra's ) is that their non alcoholic drinks are horrible. I think it's the dirty Philly water, but their sodas are always flat and their iced tea usually tastes funky.A lot of negative reviews had me worried. We did experience excellent Italian food  for our party of 5. We ordered a variety of dishes including pizza, pasta, veal florentine, eggplant parmigiana, chicken Marsala and appetizers.  Stated simply, all were delicious and not one complaint from the group. 
It took us quite a while to get initial service and when we did, it was clear this was our only shot to order; drinks, appetizers, main courses all at once or we'd never see her again. Food arrived promptly and well prepared. 
No pretense here of high service levels (or working lightbulbs in the restroom!), but in spite of the negatives I'd come back again for great home style Italian food.Mediocre Italian food (Americanized, not authentic).  Rude, inattentive servers.  Busboys are usually nice though, and you can count on them to refill your drinks more than you can count on your server to do anything except give you attitude in return after anything you say to them.
If you bring a child, make sure you are very specific that they are ordering the kids portion, even if they are very obviously incredibly young.  My 4 year old ordered pasta and was brought the huge, full sized portion, which they charged us for and wouldn't budge on because we "didn't say that she wanted the kid size."  That's just stupid, and nothing like that has ever happened in any of the many restaurants she has visited.
It's only getting the second star because my husband loves the chicken parm.  I can't get him to admit whether or not it has gone downhill over the past several years like everything I've tried has.I used to make Philly my base of operations when selling to my east coast customers.  And largely for one reason - Marra's.
Let's not make this more than it is - it's a neighborhood restaurant that's been around "forever" with a strong neighborhood following (as in within a few block area).  Outside of Bensonhurst (Brooklyn), you don't find Italian places like this anywhere else in the country, sadly.
Service may be slow.  Decor dated.  Locals come and go,  Yeah, maybe your waitress gets sidelined chatting with her sister ....but keep your ears open and enjoy the neighborhood gossip.  And to me, that's the charm.  
Really great pizza (chewy crust).  Tasty sauces in the pizza and pasta dishes.  All traditional southern Italian fare.   
Since retiring and no longer traveling to the Philly area, I miss this place!Marra's Restaurant is a totally acceptable South Philly Italian joint, but the truth is that it should be so, so much better. 
My wife and I met two friends there last nite right smack in the middle of the dinner service. Rather than a relaxing, well-paced meal, it felt like everyone there had their hair on fire. Within a minute of sitting down, our waitress asked us if we were ready to order. We hadnt even gotten our drink orders taken! 
The food we got was pretty much along the same lines. The calamari was as dull as it gets, lazy even. The breading was nothing more than flash-fried bread crumbs, served with a side of marinara. The bruschetta was damn tasty, but only four pieces for four people (note: last year, I was here with a party of 6, and there was more than enough bruschetta for all)
The bum notes didnt end there. I ordered the house lasagna, an enormous stack of sausage, ground meat, noodle layers and sauce. Though delicious, within two bites I realized that it was cold. I mean, REALLY cold. So I sent it back, of course, but when it came back (literally no more than 2 minutes later) it was still cold. For a service that took almost 45 minutes, everything felt rushed and quite honestly, a bit half-assed. 
Here's the tragedy: the food (other than the calamari) was very good! That lasagna was top-notch, clearly prepared with care and love. If only Marra's put as much effort into their service as they into their dishes.Thursday - May 31, 2012 - 11:30AM
I had the SALAD PALERMITANA with grilled chicken and balsamic dressing. My mother had the escarole soup with the iconic meatballs, and veal Marsala with a side of penne pasta. My salad was fresh and pleasing with expectations consistent with grilled chicken and balsamic dressing lunch. My mother's escarole soup was good however the veal Marsala and the penne pasta "gravy" were poor.  There was no Marsala wine but a distinctive balsamic dressing that was probably added mistakenly when making my salad. The "gravy" was unusually tart. The service was good and attentive.  
NOTE: I'm particularly critical because I've often made very good veal and chicken Marsala dishes.  Frankly, Marsala related dinners are quite simple to prepare...but I digress. The "gravy"......gravy isn't supposed to be tart. My dear 87 year old mother has made gravy countless times - I've made several good-quality batches - I know good quality gravy.I was pretty disappointed, everyone told me Marra's was great. The food was overpriced, lukewarm and mediocre. I wasn't expecting it to rock my world or anything, but I definitely walked out of there feeling like a sucker.My boyfriend and I ordered delivery.  I ordered Fettuccine Alfredo from their "pasta specialties" menu and my  boyfriend ordered Rolli Massamino w/ chicken. The delivery guy came 20 minutes late (over an hour) and made the excuse that he had the wrong address (I ordered from grubhub and have the correct address in my account). 
Small portions for the price ($16.00 each), but the worst of it was that my Fettuccine Alfredo which was described to have prosciutto and broccoli was literally ONLY linguini w/ sauce. No prosciutto, no broccoli. This meal was clearly worth about $3.00 and I would have been upset with it even if I ordered it at a low budget diner at 2am and paid $7.00 for it. My boyfriend's had chicken and broccoli in it at least.. however his broccoli was not fresh, definitely from a bag and honestly tasted like vomit. Neither of us ate our food and we will never, ever visit this restaurant again. 
Awful service, awful food, high prices.It's really ashame to read these bad reviews about Marra's because I remember when I was a kid and my mom and dad would take me there we had to stand in line out side to wait to get in. I'm sure Mr & Mrs Marra are turning over in their grave to see what has been done to their restaurantMy husband & I almost didn't go here for dinner because of the reviews. I figured the only way to know is to go . We did & were  very glad we did!!  The three basics for dining out were well met! We were greeted  by a friendly gentlemen, our waitress was very sweet, our dinner was delicious!!! The  inside of the restaurant looked to be outdated but maybe thats the look they are going for!!! The good old days!! Its 2014 & they are building  diners that look like the 1940's. At least,this place that looks like  the 1940's is an original not a makeover wanna-be!!!  So,anyway, it was very enjoyable evening!!  Looking forward to going back.Love it!! Food was absolutely wonderful! Totally casual and quick service. The service was old school so great w/ kids but not so friendly :-) wonderful!!Went here for dinner earlier in honor of restaurant week with one of my girlfriends. 
We were waited on very quickly and taken care of the whole time. 
Orders as follows:
Me - Fried Calamari, Veal Alaska, chocolate cake, white wine
B-Cream of Mushroom Soup (they let her substitute since she's vegetarian), Eggplant Rollatini,  Canoli, red wine 
Came to $70 with tip. Would definitely came back again.Growing up in So. Philly, I had visited Marra's a few times with friends.  It had been some time since my last meal there.  I was looking for a spot that was a central meeting place between Delaware County and North Philly.  We were celebrating a birthday and had a party of six people (including two vegetarians).  We were very happy with our meals and the service.  Prices of entrees were surprisingly reasonable.  
I would recommend Marra's to anyone who is looking for an authentic Italian meal in a good ole South Philly setting.  Leave your pretensions at home and enjoy the flavor of the City.
One drawback, the restrooms are located upstairs (ladies) and downstairs (mens), not wheel-chair accesible.Yum. Yum. Yum. A traditional Italian feel 100% I would go here everyday just to eat the Chicken Parm and Raviolis if I could. I have had their pizza to go before and is insanely tasty, but to go into the restaurant and have a meal is a whole different experience. You almost feel like your in the mafia and having a sit down. Food, YES. Service, YES. GO HERE for sure. 
PS: BEST RIESLING I have ever drank.I went here for a dinner party with The Temple News staff from Temple. I had not been here before, much lik everyone else but I knew it was Italian so I was excited. Right before we crossed the street to the front entrance, I could smell the pizza cooking in the ovens. We were seated upstairs. It was a small place with not much moving room but this wasn't too much of a problem. Since we had so many people, we picked off of the banquet menu with a choice of either chicken parm., spinach ravioli and penne vodka. Everything was delicious. I don't think one person complained about the food. Wine, salads and bread were also provided. Overall, the price was great for the amount we were given. The only complaint I had was dealing with the bill. Because we ha about 20 people (college students) and we all pretty much paid with cards, there was a charge fee to even use that many cards that they did not tell u about before hand. It was a hassle trying to have everyone pay the specific amount but the hostesses helped as much as they could. I will definitely be coming back here for some good old Italian cooking but with a much smaller party.I've been to Marra's twice in the past month.  The first time I went I ordered garlic bread, and just plain spaghetti and sauce.  My food was ok, my friend ordered eggplant parm and my other friend ordered a pasta dish with vodka sauce, both said it was pretty good.  The service was absolute crap, we were ignored and forgotten for most of the mid week evening.
The second time was just this past weekend on a Friday night.  We were seated pretty quickly.  The food, garlic bread, a caprese salad, and a pizza with pesto were all decent.  The service was even worse, our waitress seemed like she had more important people to wait on and we were promptly ignored most of the time.  When she did check on us, it was like she was going out of her way and acted like it was chore.  It was awful.I went in with high expectations and I was disappointed.  I ordered a plain pie and a white pie with prosciutto and got a plain pie and a white pie with ricotta.  When i alerted the waitress to this, she offered to "bring me out some prosciutto", as if bringing out cold meat to put on top of an already cooked pizza was an adequate solution for the situation.  The pizza was average at best.  I didn't send back the pizza because I was already very hungry and didn't mind the white pie topping of ricotta.
The prices were cheap.  I guess you get what you pay for.
Oh well, Taconelli's here I come...Best gravy and pizza in Philly. Large portions, great waitstaff and South Philly feel make for a great experience.We had two great experiences here. First, we had family in town, including 2 kiddos under 7. Our party of 9 was quickly seated upstairs. Bread came out right away as did water. This was key when you dine with kids. The specials were announced and we all ordered some drinks. Great service! We all got something different, from eggplant to pizza to gnocchi. And we all tried each others. Talk about entree envy! Everything was wonderful. And huge portions. Couldn't have had a better experience. We can back, just the guy and I, about two weeks after. Same great food. Same great service. And the prices are amazing, especially if you consider you'll be eating delicious leftovers the next day!Went here for a Sunday lunch.  My son who lives in the area recommended it and we certainly will go back.  Didn't realize it was a pizza place but all of our meals were very tasty.  I had the lasagna and it was very tasty, plenty of it and very filling.  MsD had the shrimp scampi and the shrimp were huge and tasty.  My son had the penne vodka and he enjoyed it.  The bread was very tasty though a little oil with it would have been nice.  Perhaps that was our fault for not asking.....  We didnt get salads with the meal, but there was still plenty of food for everyone.  The service was fine.  As a matter of fact they asked how the food was before we could even take a bite.  yeah, yeah it's good.  Very tasteful and not too expensive.  Can't wait to go back.Went out of our way for dinner here and was very disappointed.  Service was awful.  Entree was COLD.  Waitress never checked back so we could never send the cold entree back.  Pizza was good but everything else overshadowed that.   Took forever for the check so we never asked to have it adjusted for fear that we would be there for another 20 minutes.  You would think that someone might have asked to wrap the untouched entree.......nope.If you want old school Italian American fare -
I mean things like chicken parm, gnocchi, gravy, meatballs - then this place is a must visit. The atmosphere is come as you are and accept it for what it is. The service is familiar - meaning the just look at you as an extension of the family and treat you that way. Which can be good and not so good. Just accept it for what it is and you'll be fine. The pizza is some of the best you will have. The crust is just thick enough and the sauce is just tangy enough. The escarole soup is excellent. The aforementioned chicken parm? Outstanding. Crispy with a great portion of gravy (red sauce for the non-Philly folks) and substitute a side of gnocchi. You can't go wrong. You will get fatter. But it will be worth it. Park a few extra blocks away and you can walk it off.I'm shocked at myself for being so brutally honest, but I have to get this off my chest.  Tonight, at Marra's, I had the worst meal that I can ever remember having.  
We were barely acknowledged at the door, and the waitress practically threw our items at us.  In fact, even though we were only a table of 5 that she could easily reach, she was too lazy to give us our own food; she simply left everything at one end of the table.  Not only was she blatantly rude and unavailable, but the food was shamefull.  My eggplant parm. barely had enough sauce for the noodles, and it was cold.  One of the fish dishes was clearly not fresh, and the salads were.... well, it was the first time that I can ever remember not eating a salad.  It was just awful.
To top the night off, our party of 5 had to automatically tip the pathetic waitress 20% because it was already  included in the bill!  It seems as though she knew she was odious....
Merra's, you're in PHILADELPHIA!  Step it up; you have too much competition to survive on reputation alone.Coming for years and tonight was awesome - shrimp fra Diablo . Can't beat the prices and portions!Went there for lunch/dinner. It has an old world Italian feel. The pizza was delicious the service on the under hand was horrible. My 8 year old never received her dinner. The waitress never came back to check on us at all. It is a shame the food was awesome but horrible service . I will not be going back there.two words... FOOD POISONING.
My parents use to take me to marras as a kid and we use to get pizza and i remembered it being great. So my mother-in-law and I havn't been in years so we decide to go. We ordered four appetizers to share and a small personal pizza. Two hours later we were both violently sick throwing up EVERYTHING.. NEVER AGAIN!Im very disappointed in you Marra's. Thia was one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Philadelphia. Great food for a fair price. I stopped in yesterday with my wife for a late lunch or early dinner around 4:15. We were seated, got the menus and a glass of water, and then we sat there for 15 mins with no one coming over to offer drinks or to order. They were not busy at all, the conversation between the servers was more important than the clients. We got up and left and took our business to someone who appreciates it.The fettuccini alfredo is the best I ever had. Good service nice and cozy lil spot. Highly recommendThe waiter we had was so awful it ruined the entire experience and I will never go back here again. My boyfriend asked for a Coke three times and the man never brought it. He also failed to check on us even once or refill our water. I did however see him showing the bartender things on his phone and laughing with him the entire time. When we asked for the check he made a joke about us. Then the check came and naturally he managed to charge us for the Coke he never actually brought. Awful.I came here for lunch since I had the day off, and I figured I could avoid the notorious bad service if it wasn't as crowded as dinner time. 
The service was fine, nothing to complain about, nothing to rave about. The pizza however, what is everyone talking about? It was neither thin nor crispy. Did I just get a bad batch? We ordered a large mushroom pizza, and it came out like every other neighborhood corner pizza shop. It didn't resemble a brick oven pizza in the slightest. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad pizza, just not great pizza. I was pretty disappointed since Marra's has been on my list of places to try for a while now. 
Was I supposed to say "Large mushroom and brick ovened"?The margherita pizza here was a disappointment - just a few bits of barely melted mozzarella over plain-tasting sauce on hard-ish crust. The service was very slow as well, even though we were the only table for the first 20 minutes or so we were there.A favorite spot of mine. I see a lot of people hating on the food and service, but I've got no complaints. I love the cozy ambience and I don't need frills and luxe service when it comes to affordable Italian meals.
The food is delicious - never had a bad meal here. For appetizers, skip the bruschetta b/c the bread they put on the table is good enough. Get the calamari instead.
The pizza is great (except for the mushrooms - I'd prefer fresh instead of the slimy canned ones). It's what they are known for, for good reason.
As far as entrees, you can't go wrong with the chicken parm. Penne alla vodka was incredible. You get big portions, enough leftovers for next day's lunch, which makes the prices more than reasonable.New to the area, This was my first choice to get food while moving in -- just down the block.
the restaurant appears to be very clean with careful staff. the dimmed lighting is greatly appreciated and the drinks are delicious. 
oh, and i liked the food.Who serves Italian food without bread? They gave us bread last time, but not this time.
Way to drop the ball, fellas.Love this place! I always get the Cappelini 
Positano. It reminds me of being back on the Amalfi Coast.Penne alla vodka.  Awful.  Watery sauce with zero salt and even less flavor.  Menu is a lie-
 "bits of prosciutto" in the blush vodka sauce? Laughable.  Not one piece of prosciutto. I am sitting here eating this and would be more satisfied eating the questionable chinese takeout my colleague left sitting in the office fridge from the beginning of the month. If I were in the restaurant I would send this dish back.  
Don't waste your money. Go microwave some easy mac, its a 5 star experience by comparison.Definatey not as good as they used to be, but never a bad spot if you have no where else to go. The pizza is always a good choice, not the best but still delicious. Since its not as popular as years ago, there is typically no wait! I still go back!Pizza is amazing. But stick to just that. ICE COLD PERONIS! Service is friendly but forgetful.Pizza had a nice crisp crust, and the pizza itself was not soggy or greasy. Good ratio with the toppingsNice cozy little place. It's a little dark inside but can be charming for dinner.
It's a great place to go with the friends of family. A big dinner or just some drinks. The drinks there are delicious! And great pizza.
Over all friendly experience.Disgusting food bad service how they have been in business this long is mind boggling . Had time give them a star but not by choice.  They were reviewed by zagat.  Question was the reviewer a relative and how much did they have to pay for their kind reviewThe best meatballs and ravioli!  If you're in South Philly you definitely need to go there.Marra's is a mixed bag.  My last visit was typical.  Since I'll go back next time I'm in the area, I'll start off with the bad and end with the good. 
The bad:
--Despite what the owners would like people to write about homecooked Italian food, it's a place you go to for pizza.  Their other stuff is mostly mediocre, though their 'Scarole soup is good.  
--Our table and booth were dirty (bread crumbs being the largest sin).  Floors were dirty, as usual.  The place will never win an award for a clean dining area (based on my 35 years of experience there).  
--Our waiter was not as attentive as we would have liked, and the young woman doing busing wasn't very polished or competent (she did try, though).
The good:
--It's a pizza place.  Get the pizza if you go here.  Otherwise, go somewhere else.  In summary: they make good pizza.  Go here if you want pizza.  Don't go here if you don't.  To be crystal clear: get the pizza.  Also: if you go here, get the pizza.  
--Our waiter was phenomenally nice.  The guy behind the counter was also super-nice.  
In case I wasn't clear above: get the pizza!4 stars for pizza only. Bump that down to 3 if you are getting delivery...it's always an hour. 
But if you can pick it up, the pie is wonderful, and they have a healthy selection of nonhealthy toppings. I like prosciutto and garlic. They have a prosciutto and chicken pizza, but the last one I got sported some pretty weary bird. Can't recommend it. Oh yeah, their chicken caesar salad is really good too! Anyhoo, the restaurant itself is a little creepy and pretty divey, in a family-style dive sorta way. Just get the pizza and get out.We had lunch here on a recent trip to Philly.  
We arrived right when they opened, 2 pm.  The decor is traditional and this is a place that has been around for 50+ years.
Regarding drinks, I had a bloody Mary and it was basic but fine.  The rest of the party had beer and the beer was on the warm side as they were having some chiller issue.  But the wait staff were quick to try and fix the problem, but of course beer is best served cold.
We started with calamari which was good, nice tasty breading, but could have been a bit hotter.  
We ordered the white pizza and the margarita pizza.  The pizza was 5 star, super yummy brick oven pizza.  The white pizza was cooked with olive oil, mozzarella and spinach.  The crust was delish and crusty from the brick oven.  The margarita was also very tasty with great complex, flavor packed sauce.I feel like Marra's is the kind of place I could really enjoy, but... 
my experience was not what I was expecting (or hoping for anyway), having read other reviews of praise.  So a bit of this is going to be some words of advice so that others may hope to assure themselves of a better experience.  First and foremost, shoot for the booths on the first floor if your party is smaller.  That's where the atmosphere is.  I was with one other person and, as if we were special guests, were hustled off to the upstairs area, a nondescript expanse of adjoined rooms in an 'L' shape (not so special) with tables setup for groups (as in they would have no trouble seating 30 at one long table.  On this particular night we were led to a table for two in the middle of the room, with a table set for eight on one side and one for a dozen on the other... it was obviously the unused table-section.  We had them move it up against the wall so it was a little less intimidating.  But still, it was a depressing setting up there.  those other large setting tables weren't in use and only the noise from a large group in the section around the corner could be heard and occasionally seen, on the way to the bathroom.  And it was a bit run down, and not in the endearing way that I think probably adds flavor to the first floor.  In a strange way, the service was mixed, it was there when we wanted it, but it was pretty rough, the kind of service I expect from a small place packed with diners looking for quality/quantity on the cheap and without care to delivery... kind of like the scene downstairs.  The moral of this part of the story, make sure you're seated downstairs if the tables can handle your numbers.
Food-wise, this is the kind of place some putz came up with Olive Garden concept after eating in.  The food is plentiful and reasonably priced... that's where my comparison to the Olive Garden ends though.  There's a reason why Sarcone's bakery sells out of bread at noon and this place is definitely part of that reason.  It was served with those little plastic tubs of butter (slice on a plate people - not so hard - probably less $ even after paying the guy with the fake SS# to wash the plate) while we saw a handsome bottle of olive oil sitting on the server's stand looking like it needed some attention.  The pasta is drowning in it's base, whether that's oil with garlic (the shrimp scampi) or cream (Alfredo) but it still tastes good and gives you a reason to ask for more Sarcone's bread.  We had the clams casino for an appetizer and it was quite tasty.
For two, a more than filling quantity of food cam be consumed in the form of a single app to share (totally unnecessary though) and an entree apiece (no room for dessert).  Add a half-carafe of wine and escape for ~$50 for 2 including tip.
When you're really hungry and your stomach is in shape to take whatever you can throw at it - this is a great option... just remember not to ruin it by being led upstairs.I feel bad for the Italian grandma who rolls in her grave every time a meal is served here.My pizza was delicious. However, my companions were not so crazy about their food- my fiance reported that his calamari was "eh" and the calzone was "just okay" although humongous. One of our dining companions ordered the lasagna and it came to the table cold; we sent it back to get warmed up but even then, he said the center was still cold.
A note on the service: it gets quite busy on Saturday nights so perhaps if we went at another time (like on a weeknight) it wouldn't have felt chaotic. There were waitresses yelling at busboys, nobody came to get our drink order, things like that.
I would go back, because the pizza was great, but definitely not when it is crowded. Some places handle crowds well, and this doesn't seem to be one of those places.We've been here a handful of times. The food has always been great and the service pretty decent. We are even regulars when it comes to delivery. Tonight was not a good experience. The waitress was not attentive to OUR table/even slightly rude. The food was not flavored (I ordered an entree I've enjoyed before) and the salad drenched in dressing. We looked around and there were only 4 tables. Very disappointed. 
Update: Delivery is still good. I gave another try after some time and it was delicious and timely.My family visited Philly for the first time and we tried this cute little restaurant in a very fun neighborhood. We were not disappointed..the inside is really warm and inviting. The staff was friendly, the service was great. We had pizza, lasagna, scampi, and salmon and all were delicious. There were a lot of regulars who clearly love this place and the staff.I used to live up the street on 10th and Dickinson recently hit up the legendary joint. it was okay broccoli Robe could have been better. Service was friendly.I'm a Marra's fan from way back.. Their pizza is as good as it gets.. I am partial to the Marra's antipasto and a small pie with mushroom and pepperoni... This is a comfortable place full of return customers.  They waitresses are always kind and helpful.. Their chicken parm is also very good... If you have room, try one of their canolis with cheese filling and chocolate chips... its really good.If I could give it zero stars, I would. We came with a group. Everyone ordered an entree. We ordered a pizza. It never came. We ate a ton of bread.  The bread is good.  But several tables that came after us, got their pies before us.  How can a restaurant just not make a customer's food?  I am sure there are better places in south philly.  Find one. Avoid this one like the plague.Although it's not terrible, Marra's is not a place we will likely be going back to anytime soon. 
We had been there once several years ago and had just mediocre food (watery ravioli's and a very dry chicken parm) but decided to give it another whirl recently. I wish I could say this experience was better, but alas. 
We ordered from their special menu which was a decent value for the portions--$12.95 for a salad and an entree. Unfortunately, size isn't everything. ;)
The bread that came to the table I will say was some of the best I have had in a while. Soft but crisp and so flavorful (at least as far as bread is concerned!) The caesar salad was either really fishy or the dressing was on its way out. Either way, not so good.  
My mom and I had the Penne Ala Vodka with Chicken. It was just OK. The sauce was really thick and didn't seem to have been freshly prepared. Maybe if it had been heated up more it would have thinned out (like soup from a can). It tasted OK but not much better than stuff I could make at home. My husband had the Shrimp Scampi which he said was pretty bad. He is not one to complain but the sauce was watery and he said it lacked flavor. 
The other big bummer was the wine. We ordered a carafe of Pinot Grigio for $13. It wasn't cold and, from what we could tell, came from a bottle of Barefoot which retails for about $8. It just felt like a ripoff. 
Oh well. Sorry Marra's! Maybe next time?*review of delivery only*
We've been in search for good pizza in south philly ever since Mack's closed, so we decided to try Marra's since we saw it on a best pizza list. 
Delivery took an hour, which we expected. We ordered wings and a large pizza. The wings were breaded, and didn't have any buffalo sauce on them. It was pretty clear they were supposed to be buffalo wings, since they also came with celery and a ton of blue cheese (which was nice, but useless without buffalo sauce). 
The pizza looked good but was barely warm. We had to reheat it which dried it out completely and it was nearly inedible and not at all enjoyable. Typically I believe even bad pizza is good pizza, but this really wasn't the case here. Maybe it's better in the restaurant, but I won't be ordering from here again.Marra's is known for their pizza.  There is a reason for that.  It is quite good.  I will echo what everybody says about the service.  My usual experience is that they are rude.  However, on this particular occasion, everyone was exceedingly friendly.  I was passing Marra's on the way to the store, so I popped in and told them I wanted a small pizza margherita and that I would be back in thirty minutes for it. I got back and they rushed my pizza from the back as soon as it was ready.  I paid for it and ran home. It was still steaming hot with melted mozzarella.  It was heaven.  The crust was thin and had a good crunch.  This was probably my best experience with them considering that I have been met with extreme unfriendliness in the past.I ate at Marra's with a small group of friends last winter for the East Passyunk restaurant week with every high hopes. A let down is an understatement. My friend called to make reservations just incase it was busy. We had never eaten there before and wanted to play it safe. When she called to make the reservation the employee on the other end a laughed her for doing so. A little rude okay. When we got there we were quickly seated in a cozy both surrounded by couples and families eating. The waitress came by and took our orders. We also all ordered glasses of wine. They were only $3 and being a wino I was thrilled. Our appetizers were good. Nothing special but we were all so hungry it didn't matter. The server came by and asked how we were so I ordered another drink which never came. When our entrees arrived my friends too asked for another round of wine and all three glasses came. When I asked for another glass since mine had never came the waitress was noticeably annoyed at me and barked that it was coming. Over five minutes passed and the restaurant was nearly empty now. It wasn't as if she was in the weeds at all. Even the old bartender shot me a nasty look. I at the veal which tasted like a garlicky piece of rubber. For dessert we all had the cannoli and cheese cake which had to have been bought from the Acme down the street.  They were glad to see us go. Also for one final bang my friend saw two of the servers openly making out near the rest rooms. 
I was thinking about stoping by for some pizza with my boyfriend recently and couldn't bring myself to due so because of the awful time I had there. I would have given one star but the $3 wine saved them. 
If you want rude service and pasta sauce out of a can this is the place to go.Marra's is pretty good. It oozes Italian tradition from the decor to the overall atmosphere and feel of the place. You can bring your dog if you sit outside. The Chicken Supremo personal pizza is a personal favorite, the pasta dishes look great too!I'd heard good things about Marra's, so when my bf who lives within a few blocks of there suggested it for a Friday night dinner, I said, "sure, why not?"  First impression of the place was good, cozy ambiance.  Definitely got the family feel...that's where the comfort ended.  After a few minutes of sitting, a waiter spilled water all over my pants while cleaning the table next to ours.  He brought a ton of napkins, but when our waitress came up to the table as it was going down, she didn't acknowledge what had just happened.  
Food was good, but we definitely could have used a basket of bread on  the table to sop up the wine/lemon sauce left on the plate after he finished his veal picatta or the ricotta/sauce mix left on my plate after i finished my stuffed ravioli.  Also, our waitress brought our appetizer out with my entree, and brought his entree out a few minutes later.  The lack of attention to us and general details of service by our waitress was annoying and weird.   As a final stab, when we got up to leave, my bf noticed that there had been an oily tomato on his seat.  So we're dealing with the oil stain on his pants.
We have a lot of other places to check out before ever setting foot in Marra's again, although their pizza did look awesome--like gooey awesomeness!Mediterranean salad - first of all this dish was not conceived appropriately. This dish came with sharp provolone and a Caesar dressing, which is weird. I substituted for feta and a vinaigrette. There was also canned tuna in this dish and it was just plopped on the side and canned tuna plopped on the side doesn't look appetizing. Some of the shrimp was not de-veined. Also I expect the salad to be professionally dressed unless conveyed otherwise. I also got two pieces of olives. 
Shrimp pescatore - sauce was watery, the kalamari was rubbery (obvs frozen), pasta was not seasoned at all, but it was fairly aldente. Had to season w salt and pepper separately. 
Service could be better. You should probs know your specials by heart and what ingredients make up your dishes so you can expertly communicate that to patrons. Follow up with patrons after they receive their dishes is standard and did not occur, empty water glasses remained unfilled. Take this as constructive criticism.Aa -Yo.  Yo- Aa.  Whatcha lookin' at, eh?  I'll tell yah.  
Old school Italian in every sense of the notion.  
I felt like  I was in the living room and kitchen of my best friend's house slurping chianti, lauging at the latest prank pulled, and dissenting over politics.  Amazing how this place transports you to the 1930's.  The decor, the glares, the lack of tolerance for anything "different" or "new" and the smells...all place you in quinticential South Philly.  
Now let's talk food.  As much as I hate to admit it, this place has the genuine article when you are looking for Italian-American staple.   As I wanted almost 20 minutes to be acknowledged and then another 45 minutes to be seated, I witnessed amazing looking food being ferried from a small kitchen to the crowded restored row house made shop.  My party ordered their spinach,  mussels, calamari, a margherita pizza, and penne alla vodka.  All were acceptable, but  I did not like the fishy brew that the mussels were in.  It was more served in an ocean puddle than it was garlic, wine, and butter. I am pretty sure that the cook drank the wine these were supposed to be in and sent them out to us hoping we would not notice.  Just like my best friend's grandma would have done!  I could not swop the bread in it without the risk of becoming sea-sick.  My friend who ordered them, agrees but ate all the mussels regardless and just ignored the juice.  
The oven baked pizza was my favorite of all the things we ordered.   Ok, also the chianti.  
Service marks are low because they seemed to be disorganized and chaotic.  There was ultimately a list and a "system" but the estimated 20 minutes of wait time we were quoted, was an absolute miss - quote.   You could tell that the wait staff were annoyed actually by the crowd loitering in the path of their service for lack of an alternative place to wait.  Parties who called and reserved seemed to have to wait long as well.  I did see a few vwery large parties go upstairs to be seated immediately.  The rest of us seemed content to wait for the food notwithstanding all of this.  I did not feel let down once I was seated and the food was not extraordinary, but it was what was expected ( minus mussels).  
Overall... I alliterate...Magnificent marinara manifested on margherita and manicotti mostly meeting mother -in -law monitored mind-sets minus mussels di marina .I think this place is solidly mediocre. We recently ate here and ordered the Ravioli in marinara sauce and Spaghetti in a Meat Marinara sauce.  Both dishes were just okay. The sauce was dark and rather flavorless.  The ravioli and pasta were cooked well, but lacked flavor.  I really wanted to like the food because the decor is super cool and old school/classic, but the food needs an upgrade. I might go back for the pizza.First, I must say that the pizza and salads are some of the best that I've had, but for me, it's best experienced as take-out.  Dear Owners, please CLEAN your restaurant.  The dirt on the walls is visible. No white glove needed. You can scratch your name into the grime.  Even the doors of the bathroom and light switches are visible dirty.   If we had NYC sanitation ratings, this place would be an F!  I want this to be a go-to-place for casual night outs, but...Def one of the worst Italian restaurants I've ever been to. Went with two friends on a wednesday evening. After the host sat us we waited ten minutes before we even received water. When our waitress, Danielle finally came to our table she never introduced herself or said any type of introduction, or even ask us if we wanted something to drink. She just asked "what do you want" and stood staring at her pad. We ordered drinks and food, and I took her advice on the crab meat and white wine and garlic sauce with angel hair pasta dish. One of my friends ordered the antipasti as his meal. he staff brought his antipasti out as if it was an appetizer before anyone else received their meals and with plates for us to share. When the other dishes arrived they were so bland we had to send them back to have them add some garlic and spices. Seriously terrible food. Then when we were only half way done with our plates Danielle brought to-go containers to our table; we felt like we were being rushed. Awful experience, awful food, would never go backWe've been here a handful of times. The food has always been great and the service pretty decent. We are even regulars when it comes to delivery. Tonight was not a good experience. The waitress was not attentive to OUR table/even slightly rude. The food was not flavored (I ordered an entree I've enjoyed before) and the salad drenched in dressing. We looked around and there were only 4 tables. Very disappointed.
Ps: Read the reviews before ours, the service seems to be the problem!The ziti gnocchi and cannoli were amazing however my NY strip was very disappointing oh and we saw a dead mouse on the floor lol 
Next time ill get the pizza because it looked great.Marra's may very well be the best brick oven pie I've had. I love the fresh garlic cooked right into the pizza. Always takes a long time to get a pie in there but whatever.Makes me hungry just thinking of it. I love the set up of the place from interior out it's a win. I havent had anything but pizza but I'd rank it high on my list of best pizzas ever.Pretty much if anyone reviews this place a less than 4 star rating is either from south jersey where all their food places suck and close within 3 years, or they are on crack cocaine. either would  not surprise me. so lets get to the food.
Pizza. On point. this place is a  South Philly staple  for over 80 years and there is a reason for that.
Pasta. I ordered fettucine alfredo  which was also on point, probably the best ive ever eaten period.
portion sizes were also good. most places  give you enough for one to feed a family of 5 which is more of a waste if your just feeding yourself (unless you want 4 days of left overs)
this place is just too good to pass up. you really don't know what good Italian food is until you come here. and one day ( I put money on it) they will be able to day they have been there for 160 years. just because its that good.Pizza was great ! Food portions were excellent. I had the shrimp scampi and it was just ok. The only reason I would not return is because our waitress was miserable and lazy. Every time we asked for something it was like we were bothering her or she was doing us a favor. She barely paid us any mind at all. When you are up Passyunk Ave and the restaurants around you have lines out the door and you don't, you should be kissing your customers ass, not acting like one.The pizza is so salty I wake up in the middle of the night dehydrated after eating here. The delivery drivers park illegally in the middle of the street even when there are spots available and the staff are rude when you complain about it. Neighborhood nuisance with not great food.Just had another amazing dinner! Best stuffed ziti and chicken parm I've had since the last time I ate Marra's!! Keep it up!The menu is limited. I would have liked to see lobster ravioli, lamb chops, and seafood pasta on their menu. The service was alright, nothing to complain about. The food was fresh, but there wasn't anything I really liked. If I came back I would try the pizza. I had the stuffed mushrooms and shrimp Alfredo and both tasted bland. My friend ordered the chicken and spinach and that was pretty good. None of the dishes were that good that I would want to go back  just to order it. The dishes looks better than it tastes.Marra's was a decent place if you have the right set of expectations. It's kind of like your regular neighborhood pizza place, but nothing too special. We had the antipasto rustico to start, which had a lot of nice ingredients. One complaint would be the way they cut the meat (strips) and cheese (cubes). For antipasto, I prefer slices so you can put on the bread easily. We also had an extra large pepperoni pizza, which was quite good and a nice size. Solid, but not a place I am craving.I stopped in for lunch recently, first time here in many years. It seems not to have changed, and is indeed the old-school Italian restaurant that other Yelpers describe. I did not get the pizza, which others recommend, so I'm not reviewing them on that - which may be their strong suite. Our server was very attentive; during the lunch hour they seemed mostly empty. But our salad and fried calamari platters were okay, but so disappointing when compared with the much higher level that so many new Passyunk East restaurants aspire to. Marra's is simply not competing. The food seemed totally uninspired, completely formulaic - while the greens in the salad were fresh, other ingredients (beets, beans, etc.) seemed right out of a can. The calamari was similarly bland and flavorless.WE LOVE MARRA'S! My cousin turned me on to this absolutely charming restaurant, and I'm so glad she did. I love everything about this place, from the inviting atmosphere, to the warm, friendly wait staff. And the food is amazing! I'm a transplanted Philadelphian, but every time my family and I go back there, Marra's is the first place we head. I highly recommend the pepperoni pizza--extra crisp--, but all the pasta dishes we ordered were delicious, too. If you're looking for great food, a cozy booth and some fun, local color, this is it.This place has so much potential but it was such a disappointment. I am far from an expert on Italian food but Ive ate enough over the years to know there are many different styles and some appeal to me and some dont.
First let me say the calamari is outstanding and probably some of the best Ive ever had. Thick pieces, seasoned and breaded just right. Crispy but not over cooked. Really awesome. Sadly, this was probably the only good thing I can say about our dinner. Service was awful, we sat for 10 mins before anyone asked what we wanted to drink. We pondered leaving and going to Cantina but figure there would be a wait and we were starving. Busboy worked harder than the waitress. He kept our drinks full, cleared our plates fast and brought me my dessert. Honestly, someone needs to make him a waiter, not some of these old washed up ladies that think you should be kissing their feet simply because they graced you with their presence. Just a lot of attitude thats really not needed, even for South Philly,
Friends escarole soup was pretty good, but had 3 meatballs in this huge bowl. Mozzarella sticks have this weird thick coating to it, kinda seemed like cornmeal under the break crumbs. The eggplant parm....it was drowned in their red sauce which is thick and heavy. Just not my style I guess.
Tiramisu was awful. It was a white cake with what seemed like whipped cream like topping. No lady fingers, and if you said there was marscapone in it you I would think you were lying.My husband I went for pizza - he liked the pizza a bit more than I did.  I think sometimes I'm a bit too picky.  The atmosphere was definitely casual family style. Wait staff seemed nice.  My husband had a ceasar salad that was not very good, but again the pizza he felt was pretty good.  So, we would go back and try again.  
I was pretty excited about the place, considering a few acquaintences had said how great it was.  I didn't feel that way - but I must have hit it on a particularly bad nite.
Very affordable menu, and catering to families.Stopping by to break a dollar for parking change, I was welcomed by a cheery server and manager thinking I was going to dine in. Then I popped the question if they could help me, and their demeanor changed completely and switched to brown-nosing and ignoring me.
Seeing this behavior infers that this restaurant is not charitable nor understanding, and that they are only nice when seeing that you are going to spend a lot of money. Who in their right mind would eat at a place like that? I'm sure their food is good, but there are limitless restaurants in the area who don't treat others like these folks do.Though the service is often spotty at best, Marra's definitely serves up some of the best in South Philly Italian.  The pizza is definitely incredible - it's probably my second favorite to SLiCE.  The pasta dishes are HUGE and enough to fill you up for days.  The chicken parmesan, and a dish with chicken and broccoli in spicy marinara sauce round up my favorites.  Oh, and the manicotti - ridiculously rich, but out of this world.
Atmosphere is eh-eh (someone mentioned divey, which is just about right), and it gets a little tight here on the weekends, but it's definitely worth checking out.Never go back again the chicken parm was dry over fried house salad dressing was terrible ...you can get a better tasting sauce from a jar...nothing authentic here.. Pizza was somewhat tastyMy husband and I tried Marra's for the first time last weekend. We are trying to branch out from our usual places, since we live in the neighborhood, and are always looking for good places to take family and friends. Marra's will not be one of those places. We walked in, and were seated silently. Waitress did not ask us how many were in our party, she just sort of sighed when she saw us then sat us down. Only  a few other people in the place, but it felt quiet and semi private. We ordered a margarita pizza and a caesar salad for two. The salad was very good, and presented well. Lettuce was fresh, the dressing was delicous and it was the perfect size to share. The pizza was delicous. I love sauce and this sauce is up there on my best sauces list. The cheese was delicous and the pizza was cooked perfectly. Soda's were small, but luckily the bus boy was attentive enough to notice when we needed a refill.
So why 3 stars you ask? One answer: Service.
Our waitress was not the worst or the meanest server i have ever had (that title goes to Mama Maria's), however she was incredibly inattentive and lacked manners. 2 of the 3 other tables that were there left her no tip. She decided the best way to handle this was to yell it to her co-workers, and even chase the people outside. These antics don't work in a business where regulars are your main source of business. These childish antics may work in a tourist town where you might not ever see your patrons again, but when you are located in a bustling neighborhood such as Passyunk Square, you have to handle yourself with a little more dignity. Granted, I understand. I have been stiffed many times, and I too have made the poor choice of being vocal about it. I saw the error in my ways and quickly grew out of it. It sucks, and I do not approve of what those other tables did, however, I am not surprised. If she treated them, the way she treated us, I could see their motivation. My husband and I did leave her a 20% tip, and I hope she was thankful. The worst move she made was to be so vocal about it in front of other customers. I will not take friends or family to a place that can make dining awkward. And that's what it became, uncomfortable and awkward.Growing up Italian, I had to take my Jewish husband to see what REAL Italian food tastes like. This was the only place I wanted him to see.
We started out with the bruchetta, which was great, and then both of our entrees were huge, and gave up enough to eat later on. I loved the family feel of the place, and everyone was talkative and even though they were busy, I didn't feel as if anyone was rude. After years of working waiting tables, I can tell you what rude is. These ladies were just trying to hustle a dinner rush.
This is an old joint, and most of the staff has been there forever. I love that. I love knowing I can go back and it's the same recipe and I can order my favorites. 
Again, as a NYC Italian girl, This was my first stop in Philly. All my love to Marras!Marras used to be my favorite pizza in Philadelphia, the last time I ordered pizza  it tasted like cardboard no flavor whatsoever. Tonight I ordered white pizza with Ricotta cheese ( my favorite) and I could barely eat a slice. The ricotta cheese smelled and looked like it was over a year old. It was yellowish green color and you could tell it was not fresh whatsoever. Very disappointed.
Used to be my go to pizza spot and now may never order again:/Some of the best pizza in town, but I can't stress enough how slow and unfriendly the service is. Go here for take-out pizza only and don't be tricked by how cute the interior looks. If they closed off the restaurant area and did take-out only, I'd give them five stars. The pizza is amazing, however. So, so good.One of the better pizzas in Philly, but not the best (which is tacconelli's), we had the sausage and peppers, which was a cheesy thin crust pie, and for a size small it was fairly large.  We also had a salad, which was good and the portions were very generous as well as reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is as expected, after all it is a pizzeria, at one point the lights went out (we were told this happens regularly).  For the Friday night 8pm crowd I felt the service was pretty good (I have read other reviews on Yelp saying otherwise but I had a pleasant experience).  Also, they take credit card and have a full bar.  I plan to return to Marra's next time I am in the mood for going out for pizza and antipasto.I've been to Marra's twice and both times I've enjoyed it. This definitely isn't a trendy place, it is an old school italian restaurant. The menu is large, all the basics you would expect from an italian restaurant. We had the calamari to start which was really good. They have all the common red and white wines, I had the chardonnay which was great. For my entree, I had the baked ziti which was delicious. For dessert, the cannoli which is a must! One of the best i've ever had. Prices are very reasonable for the city, especially when you consider how much food you get. I saw negative reviews on service and fortunately, that has not been the case for us at all. On both occasions the service was wonderful. Four yelps!The service was great! The pizza was really good! Crispy crust and very tasty. Nice atmosphereA chill and very local spot in SP. The pizza is yummy with a very crispy crust. Very delicious pizza! Very affordable crafts of wine which I can't complain about. I have been coming here for years and still do. This  was my husbands first time and he loved to too!Had dinner today for my son's confirmation. Very disappointed. The pizza has changed drastically. The waitress told us they switched the crust to the thin cracker like crust because people were asking for it. Not everyone likes that, they should give a choice. It was like eating gravy and cheese on a  cracker. The fried calamari was good. I've had way better antipasti, very skimpy, no dressing not even oil and vinegar, nothing. Son ordered a ceasar salad for him dinner and it was so small that they served it in a dish the size of a cake dish. unbelievable. Flounder franchaise was very disappointing also. Needed alot more lemon. Had no flavor.Not to mention they squeezed us in a tiny booth.  Will not be going back. This place has changed drastically over the years. It is definitely not what it use to be. Very disheartening.Not just the best pizza we've ever had, but perhaps one of the best things I've ever put into my mouth!  The red sauce was perfectly seasoned, just the right amount of cheese, the clams, mussels and shrimp were perfectly cooked, but it was the fresh pesto that distinguished this pie from the ordinary!Dinner here on Saturday night.  Good Pizza and the escarole soup is really good.  We had a large, three beers and a soup for 24 bucks.  Good South Philly place.I've been going to Marra's on and off for 20 years now. 
A buddy from college whose family originally grew up in South Philly introduced me to the place in 1988. The brick oven pizza is the best you will ever have. The calamari is also good. For entrees, I favor the veal Marsala b/c the gravy is on the dark side, which I prefer. Their sauce is also very good. The entrees vary in quality, but can be very good depending on the night. Agree with another reviewer, never sit upstairs unless you are part of a large group. Much of your 'experience' at Marra's depends on whether the waitress is interested in serving you. 
Which leads me to their worst quality, the service. The waitresses have been there for at least as long as I've dined there. They are the worst you will ever have, and will totally ignore you on the best of nights. One time, in the middle of my meal, the waitress went home (across the street) and no one took over her table for her. Our group sat there for 30 minutes wondering what happened. When we finally asked, we were told by another waitress that she had gone home. In other words, they knew she had left and nobody cared to take over our table. They just left us sitting there. The place could also be cleaner, but age has something to do with that feeling. 
I'll continue to go there despite the poor service. The pizza is absolutely the best you'll find in Philly, and the bartender might just crack a smile if you make the effort to converse with him.Used to go here a ton as a child and it was amazing. Heard that over the past couple years quality went downhill. Well that was a total lie because its still amazing and the staff is great.Four stars for food. Zero stars for service. 
We arrived around 6 on a Wednesday evening.  Only one other booth was occupied. The bartender seemed to be either drunk or downed out. 
I ordered a beer that took about 20 min to arrive, either because the waiter was outside on his phone or because of the aforementioned bartender. 
The meals, seafood Alfredo and shrimp diavlo, were  very good. Pasta tasted fresh, sauce was great, and the seafood portions were plentiful. 
As we were finishing, the waiter was outside talking to someone in a car. We waited for him to come back in, and finally gave up and asked the bus boy for the check. 
Again- great food, terrible service, possibly drunk bartender.I don't give 5 solely for food, tho it is up there. We have gotten the best service here from a VERY friendly & funny staff. And the value: the prices are way lower. Now I go to the eggplant parm which is floured, lightly fried, then baked -- the way I personally like & think is better than breaded & deep-fried. The pasta is freshly made in-house: ravioli, manicotti, . . . . The Rollie Massimino pasta (I like it red with rabe) is a must-try dish. The seafood is fresh, abundant and aromatically spiced. And best of all, they have been in business for 90 years! Cent' Anni Marra's!Marra's is a fantastic, authentic Italian-American restaurant.  The food is truly delicious, and the service was how it should be. 
Our night started out like this: six friends and I had plans to go to a certain new establishment on Broad Street (I won't mention the name, I don't like bad reviews). When we got there, we were treated pretty rudely and told that if we didn't have a reservation, they couldn't serve us.  At a pizza place.  Even though there were only 4 people in the restaurant and plenty of room for us. Oh well. Off to Marra's!
When we arrive at Marra's, it's packed to the brim, full of happy patrons.  Upon seeing the 7 of us, the Manager just nods and says "I got you".  We are quickly seated, and although the spot we were placed was a bit small, they made sure that was okay with us before seating us, and of course, it was okay.
Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating.  We got our drinks quickly. I had a mean craving for Spaghetti Carbonara, and although I couldn't find it on the menu, I figured it would be okay to ask the waitress if I was missing it.  She apologizes profusely that it's not on the menu.  I happily order the Flounder Francese instead. 
5 minutes later, after having enough of their delicious seeded Italian bread to fill me up, our waitress comes out and informs me that she talked to the kitchen and they can make a carbonara. She says that they don't have pancetta or guanciale, but they do have prosciutto. WOW! What service.
It's that sort of willingness to serve and please the customer that is really missing in too many restaurants. 
My carbonara comes out in a very timely fashion, and, unlike most places, it's done correctly! No cream, and just the right amount of fresh pecorino romano. 
We all had an incredible time. The food was positively received by all of my gourmand compatriots and everything was reasonably priced.  We are glad we gave our money to the right establishment! 
P.S. I've been there on other occasions for pizza and such, the pizza's one of the best I've had in Philadelphia.  Check it out. It's not a fluke that Marra's has been leaving customers happy and full of good food for 80 years.Unless you want pizza, stay away. 
I love the pizza here (thin and crispy), but the other Italian dishes were lacking, despite it's South Philly location. I think by now you realize I'm an Italian food snob, so give it a try before you cross it off your list. After all, it is very affordable.Old fashioned South Philly restaurant. Third generation runs it.  Brick oven pizza.  Nice friendly wait staff.  We always have a small pizza and the antipasto rustico which is varied and good. WIth a couple of Yuenglings we get out of there for under $40.00.  Can get very busy with lots of families on the weekends.  Have never had the pastas, because the pizza is good.Marra's is so delicious!! My friends and I come here all the time. I'm surprised they have such a low star review.The bottom line to Marra's: Go here for the pizza (and history), skip everything else. 
The pizza is some of the best in Philly, with an excellent crust that has good crunch coupled with chewiness, and flavorful toppings. The Italian food I've eaten here has been uninspiring and rather bland. Portions are generous and service is not super attentive, but decent. It feels like the kind of place you used to be able to chainsmoke in one of the dark dingy booths.I would have to agree with others and say that the food was quite average.
I would still return though because this city really needs more casual places like Marra. It's simple. That's all I want.Marra's is currently the reigning champion in my search to find the best pizza in South Philly. The place feels homey, like you have the feeling that the people who work there have been there for a while and the young'uns are somebody's nephew's cousin. The booths are kinda small and awkward, but that just adds to its unpretentious neighborhood vibe. Service was steady, very South Philly, and lemme tell you - they did NOT skimp on the toppings of my meat lover's pizza. It was like a mouthwatering meat salad on top of sauce and cheese. The crust was a good crisp, mid thickness, not wimpy or doughy. I shared an extra large with my friend and had slices to take home. Thumbs up.I have been going to Marra's for over 20 years and never had a bad meal. This obvious is an old scholl south philly eatery and has every element of the 40's.  
This is the first time I have ever had really bad service from Marra's but last night it happened. The server, who had a bad wig job, basically was throwing plates on the table, tons of attitude and forgot to take a drink order. When I approached her to take the drink order she huffed and puffed. After that moment it was more bad service and rude service. 
I highly reommend Marra's looking at their waitress staff because the food is great but rude service is going to force me to go to a different place.I'm so sorry to write a less than stellar review for Marra's, because I was very excited to try this place! With an adorable storefront that had been there since 1927, I had very high expectations which were not met. 
My friend and I decided to go for their special "Sunset Menu" so we could each try a soup or salad with an entree for $12.95. Not a bad deal at all, especially compared to all the higher-pricetagged places popping up along East Passyunk. 
My friend had ordered some wine... beware: you don't choose a label - you simply choose "chardonnay" or "merlot", etc. The wine carafe tasted like watered-down grape juice and didn't pack much of a punch; obviously from a box or gallon jug! 
We were given some stale white bread and butter while we waited for the meals to served, but the salad and soup were actually really tasty and were a nice starter. 
Finally, the entrees. My friend's shrimp scampi was well-presented and she did enjoy it. My crab linguini though, was nothing close to the "lump meat" that I pictured from the menu description. The crab was, instead, little shreds of white flesh that were speckled with shell pieces. I had to eat very carefully to make sure I wasn't swallowing pieces of shell with each bite. 
While we were eating, we noticed the server dining on his own dinner up at the bar. He didn't even bother to eat his food back in the kitchen, but out in the open! At one point he came over to our table while he was still chewing his bites. Gross. 
The decor of this place seems like it hasn't changed too drastically since the 1920's. I'm not sure if it's endearing or just too outdated. 
Once again, I was really hoping for a stellar experience here, but I'm glad I tried it.Large pepperoni pizza ordered for delivery. Pizza was decent - I liked the cheese to sauce ratio. Sauce is not my fav. I really appreciate the smaller pieces that they cut. Will order from again.Marra's is a South Philly ode to Passyunk Ave of yesteryear- pre-hipsters and vegan living. The decor could use a moderate facelift. Nothing crazy so the character stays intact but it wouldn't kill the place to get rid of the musty stink that lingers in the booths. 
The pizzas here are OK only. The cheese is kind of cheap and causes the pizza to be covered in oil. In it's day- Marra's was awesome. I even had a birthday there as a kid. Dining there today is just kind of depressing.If I could give this place a ZERO rating, I would! I went to Marra's about two years ago and had one of the best experiences. So, for my anniversary dinner this year, we decided to go back. WOW! Was that a mistake! I NEVER EVER EVER do this, but I stiffed the waitress. Hear me out first.....
When we arrived, we were the ONLY people in the place. (granted it was a weeknight at 5pm) Our waitress was sitting in a booth facing us on her cell phone when we were seated. She came over 15 minutes after we sat down and said "what do you want tonight" Not even a Hi my name is!!!!!! Or a what would you like to drink!!!!! Not to mention, the attitude was as if we bothered her from whatever was going on in the cell phone world and she couldn't wait to get back to it. Since we were sitting for 15 minutes, we already knew what we wanted to eat so we ordered right away. She yelled to the bus boys what we wanted to drink (which was WRONG!) and they brought us our drinks. She also handed one of them the handwritten slip of our dinner order and asked them to bring that to the kitchen, while she whipped out her phone and sat back down in the booth facing us.. The bus boys brought us our dinner plates, which looked disgusting, and refilled our drink glasses. My boyfriend ordered spaghetti with crab meat. The spaghetti was dry and the crab meat looked and tasted like someone popped open a can and slapped it on top of the pasta. My chicken parm was burnt to a crisp and my pasta was hard and cold. A few minutes into eating, my boyfriend spilled his drink. At this time, the waitress actually looked up from her phone, but only to yell for the bus boys to clean it up. She didn't even move or get us new drinks!!!!!!! We sat drinkless for a good 10 minutes before the bus boys brought us some drinks. (as the waitress is STILL sitting in the booth on her phone - which is now playing music as she starts to laugh and show pictures to another employee) When we were finished, the bus boys wrapped up our meal and the waitress FINALLY came back to the table simply said "Do you want anything else?" My boyfriend couldn't even look up or answer her for fear he would cause a scene. I said no thank you and the BUS BOYS brought us our bill. We put the credit card on the table and she picked it up and yelled to the bus boy "get me a pen and bring this back after i run it". She is TEXTING while she is running our bill!!!!!!!!! For heavens sake i almost asked her if that thing was glued to her hand! 
When the bus boys brought our bill back to the table and began clearing the plates, we handed both of them cash as a tip, seeing as though the did ALL the work from start to finish. We signed our credit card slip and left the waitress NOTHING!!! When you go out to eat, you're supposed to tip the person that served you.....in my mind, she did not. We tipped the two who DID! We walked out the door without a word from anyone. Not only was the food awful, the service was by far the worst i have EVER experienced in my life! Even if the food was good, i wouldn't go back simply because of the way we were treated.  We were COMPLETELY ignored while the waitress sat on her cell phone while sitting in a booth with her feet up! The only good part about this place is the bus boys !!!!!!!!  Thy deserve a better place of employment!Catching up on some past due Yelp-ing, and had to write up Marra's. I've been going, unfortunately just occasionally, for over 15 years. It always meets my expectations and I have made my wife a believer too. Standouts for me are the mussels marinara, and the linguini w/ calimari (rich and delicious), though my wife usually gets the eggplant parm. Their sauteed spinach, served with bread, as an appetizer actually changed our lives in that we make it at home at least once a week and have been for years since loving it at Marra's. But theirs is still better!
I have gone with my wife (drive in from Jersey) when we just wanted a simple night out; met friends there, had lunch with buddies - always a hit. Very kid friendly, brought our young daughter on a few occasions, and yet when we have gone just the two of us, there was enough of a cozy/romantic feel to make it a nice low-key (and inexpensive) evening out.
Food is very reasonably priced. Drinks from the bar are not standouts, but good enough to take the edge off while picking through the menu. Bread is always excellent.
Wait staff is exceptionally friendly, always has been. Sometimes fun to kibitz with too. It is -not- fast food, for that go to a fast food restaurant. Food is cooked to order and there is an occasional blip, but they are a large restaurant with a few dining rooms. Speaking of, try to eat downstairs if you like the semi-bustling-vocal ambiance. The booths area is great for casual, and the dining area behind the bar is nice for couple's night. I don't mind waiting 10 minutes for a booth, instead of eating in the somewhat quiet upstairs dining area. But in the end it's all good.
Something that has always bugged me about eating in NJ is the lack of establishments like Marra's. In Burlington County restaurants come and go like wildfire, the few that there are, and you really have to pick and choose. Yes there are some gems, but nothing with the old established flair for a casual night out that Marra's offers. (And the Italian cuisine equivalent over this way is just bad.)
While dining there, make sure you order a pizza to take home (if you haven't ordered one already), you'll (or your kids will) appreciate it the next day!We went during restaurant week... Not sure if that means it could get better or worse..?
 If had better at NJ diners to be honest. But in fairness it was better than some of the reviews i read here....stuffed mushrooms were rubbery, mussels ok, pasta ok, red sauce ok, shrimp seemed fresh....
..the decor inside much different from what i imagined from the outside and their website...very outdated 1980ish...
.the help was friendly but don't expect anymore than adaquate...waitress obviously had someone uncork our wine bottle in the kitchen (at least I hope...ahem) and yelled "i said caaaaaaannoli" so loud I almost dropped my teeensy wine glass. meh...typical so. philly fare!Quality is extremely lacking.  Ordered a pizza, fried mozzarella, gnocchi, and pizza.  The fried mozzarella was grey and slimey.  The gnocchi was cold, gummy, and stuck together in a block.  The pizza was cold.  I am so disappointed!All of the yelpers is right, once you walk in no one greets you and they just tell you to seat anywhere. It took time for someone to get our drink orders. 5pm we had dinner. 
I didn't like the calamri, i find it stringy  or rubbery not a fun of it
Pizza- pepperoni and garlic that's what we ordered. I don't know if u like pizza that is almost soaked in oil. too much oil from pepperoni or cheese? idk however the fresh garlic you can really taste. 
would i go back here to dine? NO 
but i prefer to order and pick up the pizza YESI came here with a big group and didn't have any service issues, but I know restaurants can treat large tables differently from smaller ones.  That being said, the food was simple, heart American-Italian and I couldn't ask for anything more.  I was particularly fond of their delicious ravioli in pink sauce but the pesto penne was yummy as well.
I wasn't disappointed by anything I tried that night and I'd gladly come again.Wow is the first word that came to my mind once I ate the food. We got food delivered from there. I called to confirmed that they got the order and it still took way over an hour to get it. The order wasn't correct but I waited too long for it to arrive. I don't want to be harsh but this was by far the worst Italian food I've had. It had absolutely no flavor and the pasta was definitely store bought and was all stuck together, which usually happens when you don't know how to cook pasta. If there will be a next time I will most definitely only order pizza from there and hope for the best.I was informed that Marra's is a bit of a South Philly tradition and I needed to check it out.  We went in to try the pizza and also got the bruschetta appetizer and a carafe of wine.  The bruschetta bread is good but the tomatoes were not fantastic.  Could be that they're out of season here... or there may not have been the right mix of olive oil and basil, etc.  Anyway, at $5 you only got 4 pieces and it was not worth it.  The pizza we tried was half plain, half "Marco Polo" which is chicken, spinach and hot sauce.  The Marco Polo was good though not amazing.  Overall I liked the pizza though.  Good sauce and crust.  And very filling.  Three of us shared one large pie and were pretty much stuffed.  The carafe of house chianti was $18, sweet and potable.  Our total came to about $42 or $14 per person before tip.  The pizza is a pretty cheap meal.  Not too bad though I'm sure it would be more expensive if folks ordered things other than pizza.  We liked the atmosphere with dark wood booths and a place to hang our jacket.  We had friendly service and there were Italian families around cheering with "Salud" and couples on dates.  A pretty good place that I'd be willing to come back to to try other things.Another great meal at Marra's. We went for an early dinner, arrived around 3:30. Family of four shared a small pizza (their pizza is awesome), spaghetti bolognese, scungilli salad and a pesto pasta. All was very, very good. It's a family restaurant that's so much better than chain Italian restaurants. We've been going here for years, for 20 years, and have never been disappointed.Food is expensive and not flavorful. Portion sizes are below average. Delivery man was rude. 
If they were a good Italian place, did anything unique with their offerings, or were at least CHEAP then this quality/service would be understandable, but as it stands, you should try any of the other 1000 Italian places in Philly.Terrific food all around. From the bread to the salads to the pasta to the pizza. Everything is first rate! Second best pizza I've ever had. Service is very good, most have been there forever.Great cozy spot in South Philly!  I went after work with co-workers and at first I thought it was going to be a headache due to spacing issues.  We were a rather large group (10 people) but they went out of their way to accommodate us.
The menu was a bit overwhelming so I just asked the waitress for suggestions.  She stated they were known for their veal - I got the veal parmigiana and it was amazing!!  The portion size was huge, but incredibly tasty.  We ordered the calamari and while it had great flavor, it was a bit chewy.  We also ordered the pizza for the table to munch on.  The margarita pizza was tasty and filling!
All in all - great little spot.  I would definitely try it again with a smaller group.I know it isn't perfect.. the staff can be rude, the service can be slow but my family has been coming to Marra's since my grandparents were dating. For me, Marra's is all about their pizza. Pepperoni and sausage, are the two best.  They use an extra fatty pepperoni that gets super crispy in the super hot brick oven. 
Skip the "gourmet" pizza menu and the ho hum pastas.  Osteria be damned and don't mention Taconelli's to me, Marra's is still the best pie in the city. My heart belongs to their 'roni.
Update: delivery is wildly inconsistent.My go to and favorite place to get pizza in south Philly! Awesome and friendly workers. I usually get the meat lovers and have it cooked well done so I get that crispy crust.  The pizza is delicious with generous amount of meat toppings and the pizza is not so oily where you can fold your pizza and not have any oil drip into your hands. 
I'd definitely keep coming here.I wasn't expecting much honestly, but was upset still. 
The service is slow, and our waiter might have said three words to us. The pizza was mediocre, the chicken on it was out of one of those pre-sliced freezer bags and they did nothing to hide that. And what bothers me more than anything is that they didn't mix the sauce with the pasta. That's an instant "I can't trust you".Another "Italian" that thinks he/she can cook. What a terrible meal!!! First we ordered a Caprese salad: the mozzarella wasn't fresh, the basil was dry and in flakes (what!) and the tomatoes were not quite ripe.   I ordered a pizza, I must say the crust was delicious, the toppings were mushrooms, black olives and prosciutto:  the mushrooms were canned, and I don't know why the cook the prosciutto (you don't suppose to cook prosciutto it makes it rancid and salty).  My boyfriend asked for a chicken milanese that was terrible with some pasta with tomato sauce that tasted like tomato paste right out of the can.   The only positive thing that I have to say about the place is that the servers are extremely nice.My boyfriend took me here on our first date 3 years ago. I could marry him just for introducing me to this pizza. As a North Jersey native who thought there was nothing better then a NYC "pie," I stand corrected, and pledge my allegiance to Marra's. We have ordered dinner here over the years, the food is really good, not fabulous, but good. The pizza however is amazing. Hearty, great sauce, and great crust. Once in a while it's over done, a alittle too charred on the bottom, but I can forgive that.Went here after escape the 80s escape room and it was excellent. Service was good and food was amazing. Our party of 9 all enjoyed it.I had the calamari, pepperoni pizza, and mussels in butter sauce here, all were excellent. They've been here for a very long time, support your local businesses! I wouldn't try any of the pastas, you can make better yourselves. But I loved what I had!Living in South Philly my whole life Marras was a staple part of growing up.  The food has always been good.  The pizza is amazing when you eat it there.  Now the fun part.... the service...... in all my life I have never experienced such a rude waitress.....ok I get it you are there to WORK !!!!  she was acting like we a annoying her conversation !!! we did tip only 20 percent not a cent more ...... I really felt bad about it however maybe she will learn for this experience and act a little more professional and not a kid on a corner.   3 stars because the pizza was delish.I'm not sure why this little quaint traditional spot only has a 3 star rating but it deserves 4. With a rustic, cozy interior it's warmth inviting away from the melting ice and cool air. I was reluctant to give it a try with its low rating. But once again my doubt ebbed as we received our bread (i think it has some addictive additives). However, the pizza sauce needed more salt and maybe the crust too. We shared the pre fix for $25 that came with an app, entree, dessert, for an add of $2 a soup or salad and an add $3 glass of wine. The app we chose was mussels marinara. Totally reminded me of the little Italy i remember as a kid. We subbed the veal dish for chicken. Delicious! The soup was flavorful. The table wine was smooth and a perfect compliment to our meal especially our dessert choice of chocolate cake. Enjoyed!Falls into the "want to like it more but unfortunately don't" category.  None of the food is as good as you'd think you'd find at a place like this, the prices aren't quite as cheap as they should be, and since it's not BYO if you're a wine drinker you're forced to choke down one of the ultra-crappy in-house selections:  When Bolla Valpolicella is the best thing on the wine list, we have a problem.
As for the brick oven pizza:  It is good, but truly not that special.  La Fourno, Joey's Stone Fired, and Pizzeria Stella all out-class it.
Moving to a BYO model would be a *HUGE* improvement in my book.We've only tried the pizza here, but the crust was crisp and slightly chewy, just the way we like it, and the pizza was delicious. We were with a group and the service was okay.
We will definitely go back.I've gone here many many times and this old school italian place is very worthwhile for me to go into the city and enjoy some food.
I would stick to strictly Pizza as that's what they do best.   Maybe that and an Antipasto and your set.
Do not play around with other things on the menu and you'll agree its 4 stars.   Simple pizza, with pepperoni and cheese and an antipasta is a great meal and you'll be thankful you didn't get the lasagna or the rollie massimino special.This will probably be our go-to Italian take out place. I've ordered from Marra's twice now, and I've been pretty satisfied each time. I don't understand the poor reviews. I've had their cheese pizza, margherita, chicken Alfredo, chicken fingers, chicken parmesan, and the bread that comes with the pasta. All have been very solid meals. The bread was so delicious I nearly ate all of it before getting to my actual meal...
Are there better pastas and pizzas? Probably, but I don't believe that concept takes away anything from Marra's. It's no frills and pretty affordable prices compared to the other East Passyunk dining, and I haven't been disappointed.When the waitress says"mom i need help with this group" we thought we were in for something special.... And we were.  What a genuine Italian treasure!I came here with a few friends on a Saturday evening and was not impressed.
I ordered the Tortellini Pomodoro with Marinara Sauce from the "Homemade Pasta" menu section, and it did not taste home-made whatsoever. The pasta tasted a bit freezer-burnt. My friends got the Chicken Parmigiana and Gnocchi Pomodoro with Marinara Sauce, and they said the dishes were okay but not great.
The food is super overpriced and of poor quality, so I won't be returning.Best sit-down pizza in the city, i only take off a star 'cause its a little on the greasy side and the service is rather unpleasant.The quick and dirty - thin crust, greasy pizza and greasy service. 
We came for dinner on a very busy night, we the house salads, a big pizza and the house wine. 
The salads were pretty good, a step above the run of the mill pizza place salad. Nice dressing, thinly sliced onions and good olives. 
The pizza was nice and thin, arrived super hot which is great. We got sausage and peppers. The dough is nice and thin, with a a perfectly charred bottom, The sauce is very tasty and the cheese was - well nice and cheesy but a little too much of it. At the end the pizza is somewhat greasy, maybe there is too much cheese? It takes a little from the crisp of the dough but the flavor is definitely there. 
I think that a comparisson to Tacconelli's is inevitable so here it is -
The dough is a little thicker and less crispy, cheese has more flavor and more grease. Pizza overall is much heavier - In Tacconelli's I very easily finish 9 slices, I was fairly full after 4 slices here. I think Marra's and Taconelli's are both very good - each satisfies a different crave.
Service was OK - not great, the kind of service you would get from a busy diner, not much fanfare and not too much attention. 
House wine was OK - great value at $9.00 for a half liter carafe. The bottled selection was not great a few lower end Chiantis. I wish I could bring a bottle or have a better choice on the menu.
We would definitely go back when we have a craving for this sort of pizza and maybe ask them to take it easy on the cheese next time.I am actually shook that this place has any good reviews at all. After what I would call a very long day and tiring search for a place to eat, we stopped at Marras, which on the outside looked like a new and nice place to eat. That was not the case at all: the food was cold, the presentation wasn't very good, and the whole ordeal was both disorienting and disappointing. 
Every single item on the menu was underwhelming. 
The decor was cute, but the over all vibe and feel of the place was so strange. I could tell it was a family restaurant, and it felt like everyone in there had known each other for years... such a weird thing to walk into. In all honesty the service itself wasn't horrible, just a very disjointed part of a very surreal dining experience.
My waitress's was so sweet that I felt bad (and still do) about this review but... this place is not quality dining. I'd also like to say that for what you get that it's VERY overpriced, and Im not someone who minds spending food.Marra's might just have the best traditional pizza in South Philly, and I've lived or worked in SP for a looong time and have been going to Marra's for over thirty years, but the service is the pits.  The waitresses all have attitudes, like you are burdening them. No smiles, no pleasant personalities, just dead faced drones.   It's a shame, because my wife and I love their pizza, but tonight I just couldn't take it.     Even on the many times we gone in the past, service was just so-so.   We went in this time on a Tuesday night, were shown to one of the tiny two seat booths in the front room, and then we waited for fifteen minutes without a waitress even coming by.  At the 15 minute mark, the water boy eventually put two glasses of foul tasting water on our table, but still no waitress.  Finally I got up and went and spoke to the woman at the cash register.  "Where ya sittn?"  Over there at that booth, I point.  "Where?"  Over there at the second booth.  "Where at?"  By now I was getting the idea she didn't want to be bother.  Over there at that booth.  For the fourth time, "Where Ya sittn?"  That was it. She was either totally shrewd or totally stupid.   We got up and left.   The pizza is so good I will give Marra's one more shot, but if the service isn't better next time,  then we won't be going back.  I give it two stars because of the service, four for the food, but that really doesn't matter if you can't get someone to take your order.I read through quite a few reviews. 
Marra's seems to get crucified on service, while half the reviewers LOVE the food; specifically the pizza. Others hate everything about Marra's and want to kill it with fire. 
I'm leaning towards the cuddlier side of the reviews.
Was it the best service ever? Not particularly; but the 20 something dude who waited on our table was friendly, and checked in on us. Personally I don't need the waitstaff at a restaurant I'm dining at to check in on me all the time or be there to burp me. I give the service a three because five would be at a restaurant that is much fancier and requires more effort. There were no specials to read off. Wine to suggest- the dude just took our order and checked in. Three is the top of the spectrum here. If you're expecting hugs and kisses go eat at your besties house.
The food. Obviously the principle feature.
Those who complain about the food here probably complain about stuff everywhere (non offense but did you expect Mario Batali to be in the back hand rolling gnocchi or crafting you some burrata? Yeah...I didn't think so).
A solid three for the pizza and chicken parm.
Again, was it mind blowing? No. 
Was it bad? Not at all. 
Food was brought out in a timely manner, an everything was tasty. 
The ambiance is old school, the wait staff are mostly efficient, and the food is tasty. 
Don't go in expecting a fancy-pants ,huggy kumbaya experience. If you need warm greetings get a hallmark card. If you want mind blowing Italian food go to Italy. 
If you want a tasty meal- go to Marra's.