What started off as a search for drunk food ended thankfully at this amazing location. In addition the staff was extremely friendly!
I had a Keema roll, a Masala roll, and a mango lassi. The keema roll had a little less spice than the masala roll, but both were equally delicious. Whereas the mango lassi was a refreshing beverage to have in between flavorful bites.
I will definitely be back.Delicious food, perfect for a quick bite (and late night munchies)! Masala Kitchen serves a variety of kati rolls for around $5 each, as well as some rice platter choices. Love, love the flavors of the kati rolls - it's kinda like a wrap so it's portable (although I did make a mess eating it, I think it's just me) with delicious fillings inside, ranging from vegetarian options to chicken to lamb. One kati roll is good for a lunch (although might wanna get more if you're starving)! Service is really friendly and food came out pretty quickly. The store has plenty of seating for a quick bite. I also ordered the mango lassi - it came in a small plastic bottle and was really creamy! It was very thick though - I think I prefer it to be a tad less so, but that's just my personal preference.Loved the food here. The staff is friendly, small and cozy place. The katti rolls and platters are a class apart. If your in Philadelphia you have to eat here!We had just gotten into Philadelphia and made our way to our Airbnb. After checking in we dropped our bags and ran out the door because we were so hungry. Across the street was this place and we bolted for it not knowing what we were getting into. After ordering two items we bolted back across the street to our Airbnb. Bed, Netflix, forks ready, opened up the food and ate. and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD.Very good food . I ordered their chicken and lamb over rice. Asked it to keep it spicy . They made it exactly the way I wanted. This is a good place in the heat of Philadelphia. Best thing is it's very quick. Didn't have to wait a lot of time.Delicious food, large portions, good price, and fast service. 
This is a great place for take out or a quick and casual lunch.
I definitely enjoyed the rose lassi, and would go back for another one if I weren't out of state!Stopped in today to pick up lunch and
really enjoyed the food there. I had the Paneer Masala Kati roll and the vegetable Biryani. The Paneer Masala roll was very tasty and they did not skimp on the paneer! The vegetable Biryani was delicious and had just enough spice to it.
They give you a nice serving of the Biryani for the price and I'll be saving more than half for another meal. 
They offer up two sauces to accompany your dishes. One is a white sauce that I thought was going to be similar to Raita but turns out it was very mayo based. I really would have rather had Raita but it's free so I don't want to complain too much about it. It would definitely help cool down some of the spice. 
Also, I was a little disappointed to find that they served me pita bread instead of naan. It was good fluffy pita bread but I'd much rather have naan with their food. 
I will definitely go back as it's super close to my office and very tasty. It's nice having a quick take out place to go when I have a craving Indian food. Also, the staff were friendly and pleasant so go check it out.This place is great! Rose lassi!?! Genius! 
The important thing is to consider this place to be a fast food type restaurant. Either grab n go or sit down and gobble up your meal - which is essentially how Kati rolls are supposed to be served. To some of the other reviews- yes they have a variety of options like biryani - but the place is for KATI ROLLS. its in the title. Biryani is not a super easy dish to make in a small fast food kitchen. Takes time and care. Don't expect it to be like a restaurant and demand that level of customer service. The people there are always pleasant when I come in - but I usually know exactly what I want. I have to say their paneer rolls are waaay better than their meat rolls. One time they forgot to give me the discount and reimbursed me while I was eating, even though I had not noticed. Very nice of them. If you're going for the first time definitely get the paneer Masala - I am willing to say that it might be their BEST roll and what I always pick up. All their other paneer rolls are great. Go for it even if you're not a vegetarian (avoid it if you're lactose intolerant). 
Also - if it's your first time, do yourself a f(L)avor   (Get it!?!) and get the rose lassi. You will not be disappointed.TLDR: perfect for the late night munchies, can't go wrong with the mk special, and skip the drinks (unless it's the mint lemonade)
I love Masala! There's nothing like a Kati roll or chicken platter after a night out, cause this place is open til 3am!! The service is very friendly and consistent. Never had a bad interaction in the 10+ times I've been there. 
Tips: if you go past 11pm on a weekend, chances are it will be packed with very hungry, very drunk customers. Also they have various student discounts so just ask! The red sauce is spicy, but definitely more manageable than halal guys. They're super generous with the sauces, and I've definitely taken more than a couple of those red and white sauces to put on my other dishes. 
The only downsides I can think of are 1) even though the platters are based off those halal platters from NYC, I'm not sure if they are actually halal 2) the whole menu is kinda pricey, especially since the Kati rolls are on the small side and 3) their drinks are hit or miss - the blackberry one tasted like cough syrup, but the mint lemonade one was amazingAwesome paneer kathi rolls, biryani and chaas...staff was friendly and service was quick. Loved our first visit and will definitely go again.Wife and I visited Philly from NYC.  Found MK to have really flavorful, delicious, authentic Indian food conveniently wrapped to have there or on the go.  Platters were delish too.  Also, found it reasonably priced, especially considering healthy, fresh ingredients.  Service was good too.  Ate there 3 times during a week stay. Highly recommend.I was just saying the other day: why is there no Indian fast food? Turns out there is, just not where I was looking. Great taste, incredibly fast. If this were located near my home or workplace, I'd eat here at least weekly. Super friendly staff too.I noticed right away how clean this place was!! We had the most flavoral wraps full of Indian food that I love. Open till 3:30AM too, which is awesome.Great late-night stop. Flavors are great. i got the Masala Chicken roll. Staff is very nice and attentive. Restroom and environment is clean.Came here with my boyfriend for a bite to eat before a show at the Academy. I've had Indian food plenty of times, but never Kati rolls. Very happy we tried this place! It was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Food was awesome. I got a chicken tikka roll and a paneer masala roll. Both were fantastic. Packed with tons of flavor and very filling. I probably could have just had one and been satisfied. The guy behind the counter recommended we try the sauces they had available, and explained what they were (a yogurt based sauce similar to raita, and a very spicy Indian hot sauce). I like when food proprietors are excited about and proud of the food they serve, and this guy clearly was. At his recommendation, I mixed some of the hot sauce into the raita and put it on the tikka roll - it was awesome. If you like spicy, definitely give the hot sauce a try. The paneer was excellent, very moist and nice, big chunks. My only regrets are that I didn't add egg to the roll and that I don't live closer to center city! If you live in the area or find yourself down that way, definitely give this place a try. You won't be disappointed!A little on the expensive side but so worth it! I come here for lunch and they are friendly, quick and use quality ingredients. I wish there were more places like them! Also they are open super late for night owls like myself :)Good, hot, flavorful food that's budget friendly and made to order.   Had the chicken masala roll after late night out and was the only thing open in the area, but did not disappoint at all and well worth the visit anytime of the day.    They were really busy and good made to order so there is small wait.   Friendly service!If you are hungry after a late night with friends this is probably your spot.  If you are one of those staunch supporters of what I believe their rival is which is Spice End go try Masala Kitchen for yourself and compare! The dishes have more flavor and will definitely hit the spot after a night out in the town. Just dont expect fine dining here.  It is what it is. Kati rolls and their MK chixken and rice are go to dishes.The food was pretty good!
We ordered through UberEats and it was a quick delivery! We ordered a lamb and chicken platter and a paneer tikka roll. The portions were generous and filling! 
I ate the paneer tikka roll. Onions and chutney are also included in the roll (and you can opt for other veggies to be added into the make up) and it's a savory mixture when paired with the well seasoned paneer. The restaurant provides a few packets of their hot sauce in case you want to amp up the spice factor! 
Enjoyed the food and the service. Will return for a dine in experience!Amazing Kati rolls... !! 
We tried the Achari paneer, paneer masala and paneer tikka along with Mango lassi. The best of the lot was Achari paneer..
Quick service and courteous staff..I got the chicken and lamb platter. Great meal, very filling and most likely leftovers!
With this place you know exactly what you're getting. I can't really handle spicy, so I got the mild because the medium was a bit too spicy for me last time. 
Excellent and quick service with very friendly staff!Great fast food place. Nice ambience. I had a chance to eat panneer roll and potato roll. It was simple and easy food.This is one the best Indian food I have had. You can pretty much go with anything and chances are that you will like it.   
I live in California, and by default I get to try different cuisine and lots of restaurants, including Indian. I have travelled to so many cities within the US, but nothing came close to this restaurant (Indian cuisine wise). 
I would consider this as Indian fusion, but a fusion worth trying.Had my first try at Masala Kitchen for lunch yesterday and was blown away. I was a bit skeptical as I've always had my favorites in Philadelphia and the thought of fast food indian just didnt sit too well But OMG their chicken masala roll is AMAZING!!!!!!! It is ridiculously good! 
I want one now. I want one daily! I wan't one every meal if possible! 
I love that it is so cheap and I love that they are opened late! All kinds of love! Will be returning to try their recommended Chicken Kheema next. Can not wait!Really like the concept of simple and fast Indian food in a to go wrap (the way I had it) or a platter.  Unfortunately, the roti wrap was on the smaller side and did not hold up well to the fillings (I had Chicken Masala), and there was not very much in the fillings, and the filling did not have much of the sauce, which is one of the best parts of Indian food.   Hopefully they will refine and improve the execution of the concept, as it is a really good concept that just needs improvement in how it is delivered.Very reasonably priced and tasty food - I'm glad I stumbled upon this place!
Masala Kitchen offers two types of dishes - Kati rolls and platters.
Anatomy of a Kati roll: Some form of protein/paneer/vegetable paired with crispy onions, wrapped in a layer of egg (if you choose for 50 cents) and a thin roti (made fresh!). I tried the chicken masala roll, and while it was not quite as photogenic as some of the Yelp pics suggest, it was still tasty! The makhani sauce was rich and creamy, and the onions were quite sweet. For $5.50, I found it to be a bargain, and filling enough if you aren't too starved.
The platters are basically a variation of chicken over rice - I tried the MK' special, which had a lot of flavor, was really spicy (even without adding hot sauce!), and again, very filling. They also give you a TON, good enough for two meals, so again well worth the price. Overall, I'd say it matches the quality of some of the better chicken-n-rice joints in NYC.
Other tips:
-Open late (until 3:30 AM) on fridays and saturdays
-they have self-serve hot sauce and white sauce dispensers if you need any more.Tried the chicken and rice platter, Achari Chicken Roll, and Aloo Paneer Roll. The rolls were good but Chicken and Rice Platter was incredible. Will definitely be back. Also tried Kala Khatta drink, which was mediocre. A lot sweeter than expected.Food here was fine.  That's about all I can say.  Prices are reasonable and you get good portion sizes for the platters, but taste didn't really stand out to me.  I didn't try the paneer masala roll, however, so maybe I'll need to revisit.Probably the best lunch time Indian food in Center City. Just found out about this place and will definitely be back. Got the lamb roll and chicken tikka roll. Both were very good. Lots of flavor. The hot sauce on the side also added flavor. Prices reasonable and comparable to other places nearby.I thought it was a bit pricey for the amount given (comparing to food trucks) but it's a solid late night option. I ordered the chicken keema, chicken tikka, and paneer tikka rolls. They were all quite dry in comparison to the masala roll.This has been such a pleasant surprise here in Philly. Discovered it with a couple of friends and have been a regular ever since. The flavors and price can't be beat. Quick and efficient service. 5 stars from me.Ordered the Chicken Tikka roll here as an amuse bouche for the tasting menu at Indeblue. 
The roll is soft and fluffy naan. It is filled primarily with chicken and Indian tikka spices. The spices were excellent. They were salty, complex, and just a touch of spicy.
The chicken was cooked just a bit too far. I'd say they do the standard 165 chicken. This leaves it slightly dry, chalky, and resilient to the bite. 
I enjoyed this roll. The chicken was slightly over-executed.Came here twice in one day! Tried the paneer masala, aloo paneer, and the chicken tikka roll and I have to say the paneer masala roll was the obvious winner. Also, the white sauce takes the food to the next level. It's somewhat similar to the white sauce served with chicken and rice ( mayo base).
If you have been to Kati Roll in NYC, you will know that this place is basically the same idea but with a few more options ( platters with rice). I just recently moved to Philly from close to NYC and I'm ecstatic I found a Kati Roll place here as well :)First time in Philly, just a random trip, and came across this little hidden gem. Nothing fancy, but cute, quaint, and delicious. Hubby ordered the Unda roll, paneer tikka and mix veggie roll. I ordered aloo roll. All the rolls came warm and oh so tasty! We were stuffed. Friendly staff and nice atmosphere. Oh and mango lassi is a must try, tasty and comes in a convenient bottle which we carried as we walked the rest of the city.lovin' it so far!
it's fantastic that this is accessible on a late night and usually on my way home!  although, it's couple dollars more than your food truck meal.  the food here is fresh and clean! one platter portion can easily feed me for 2 meals! 
i also shared the take outs with my bf and he had no idea that it wasn't the halal guys! MK has got it going! it would be great if they offer falafel too!
PS. don't forget the 10% off coupon with your check in!Stumbled upon the place while heading home from a night of cocktails... OMG... so good! Affordable, open late and so flavourfully yummy! will def be back!I am beyond impressed by the quality, flavor and variety of foods available. If I didn't have to eat more healthy then well I'd probably be eating here! The chaas is amazing btw and so is their Chicken Tikka Kati Roll.I've only tried one item - the tikka masala roll - and it was very underwhelming. The chicken tasted dry and there was barely any sauce. Also, not much flavor...which is strange for an Indian dish. No motivation to come back.My new favorite place for lunch!  The girl behind the counter was so helpful.  I asked for her recommendation and I am so glad I agreed!  I had the Keeme and the Masala rolls with the sauce she told me put on and omg I LOVE THEM!!!!  Both of them. I will be back. So yummy!!!Had two of the masala paneer rolls, mango laasi, and rice and honestly really enjoyed the meals.  The paneer rolls were very flavorful and the mango laasi was so yummy and thick. However my complaint was that this place is pretty expensive! We just ordered two rolls (which shouldn't be more than $2-3 because they are on the smaller side) but they were over $5 each!! Our total including delivery was more than $25 which is definitely too much for the little quantity we got.Edit: much more savory. Amazing service and food. Remind all my friends to go here especially at 1am!
The quality of service is superior to Halal Guys; however, it is not as savory when it comes to the rice. The chicken is good but not great. If the seasoning is strengthened, this place will definitely have my 5 star approval. The bread is also not as crunchy, at least when comparing takeout between the two competitors.The best paneer I've ever had! I got an Aloo Paneer Roll and Masala Chai and my friend got Chicken Masala Roll and Rose Lassi. We both loved our meals. Can't believe I've never been here before! Total find.I had the lamb Kati roll, extra spicy, and the rose lassi. It was pretty good! The naan was soft and warm, the lamb mixture was flavorful. Some of the spices were not fully ground up, resulting in the occasional bite of whole cardamom. Apart from that, the prices are good and the service is fast. Ordering ahead online is a huge plus. I can see this being a great late night spot also.Delicious food and great service. So happy to have another great casual lunch and dinner option in midtown village.Superb little eatery in philly downtown area for indian street food lovers..  tasty and fresh made.
Left me satisfiedI ordered two chicken masalas and they didn't really blow me away, I was left hungry. Sure, it was good but I guess I may just be spoiled with home cooked indian foodGreasy ,low quality ,small portion unhealthy food, I'm wondering who gives this food 4,5 star !!! 
I rather eat at McDonalds, at least it tastes good !Masala kitchen is perfect ! If I can't decide what to eat or where to eat; I know I can't go wrong with Masala Kitchen. 
For their vegetarian options: paneer masala and aloo paneer are the best ! I would recommend getting the "masala" version of the rolls, because that includes their home-made tomato curry sauce which is delicious !!! 
For 1 person; two rolls or 1 platter is usually pretty filling, which puts you at around $10 - $12 per person - which for philly is not bad at all. 
The staff is good, professional and quick. 
Wish they'd start delivering to university city again, their drinks weren't so expensive, and they had a yogurt sauce (in addition to the white sauce they have). 
I am definitely returning multiple times!Awesome place to try out chicken and rice. Open late and very friendly staff. Chicken Rice hits the spot and biryanis are real good as well.I can attest to the fact that the food here is fairly authentic down to the last detail. I have gone back twice now and have tried pretty much everything on the menu. I particularly love their rose lassi.Great quick affordable lunch. Just wish it was slightly closer to my work.  The chicken and paneer masala rolls are delicious!I've been here a bunch, always late night, and haven't been disappointed.  Then again, it's hard to get disappointed when there's greasy, filling, tasty food in front of me, whether it's a kati roll or a pizza.
Their paneer rolls are solid...the paneer tends to be a bit dry in everyone except for the achari paneer roll, mainly due to the achar (pickles & sauce).  I think they can probably afford to fry the paneer a bit longer to give it a more crispy taste than a mushy dry taste, but for late night, it's still great (as I can eat paneer all day every day).
My friends have mentioned their chicken & rice and biryani's are decent, as well.  I'll try their paneer platter one of these days, but usually just stick to a kati roll (or two) when I'm there.  Their mango lassi is super tasty and definitely get that to wash down the kati rolls, as they can be spicy if you're not used to it.
Overall, a decent late night spot...but the quality would have to prove slightly in order for me to make it a destination for lunch and/or light dinners.Great spicy foods.
Friendly and nice smile customer service.
Love it!!Loved the paneer masala roll. It tastes like butter paneer! Chicken masala and paneer achari were just okay. Good thing is that they do home delivery - I live close to the Franklin institute.Underwhelming... I was expecting a lot from this place. The idea is great, it was just lacking flavor. I had the chicken tikka and paneer roll and both were disappointing. Generally Indian food has deep rich flavor and I didn't get that here.hey this is a nice place for Indian cuisine the chicken biryani taste very good and it's sufficient for two people along with Biryani they also serve chapati and lettuce salad all comes in just $10 if you want you can also try rules as well as Indian drinks.I might be going to far but this may be the Indian version of Chipotle.  The food is amazing the pictures in the restaurant really don't do the food justice.  I had the MK special and it was absolutely out of sight everything from the sauces down to the quality of the lettuce and chicken was absolutely amazing.So good!! The chicken masala Kati roll makes for the perfect snack complimented with a mint lemonade. Very flavorful and mixed with the white sauce gives it the perfect kick.Very good for what it is! It's a quick snack place - nice decor, friendly service, and tasty. I tried the Masala Roll and the Chicken Tikka Roll; the Masala one was a bit better in my opinion because it had the tomato sauce, so sort of tasted like Chicken Tikka Masala in an Indian bread. The platters looked really big (did not order.)Amazing chicken biryani, huge portion, great price. Definitely best street Indian food in center city.This is by far the best roll place in America. OMG! We ordered a chicken masala, paneer tikka and aloo paneer roll. All of them were so delicious, I was reminded of my favorite place back home in India. The guys are courteous, place is vibrant and clean. We ordered a chicken tikka and achari paneer to go too. The cashier girl was so happy knowing that we came all the way from NYC, that she gave us a chicken kheema roll complimentary. A must stop for anyone visiting philly. Prices are reasonable too. Give it a shot guys and I bet you will be delighted. I am gonna come back soon.Delicious food, awesome crew! Absolutely loved it!! Their Kati rolls are out of this world. Portions are well thought of; you can have one Kati roll as a snack or quick bite or multiples as a meal. Looks like this joint is going to get frequent visits from us!Wannabe "Halal Guys" or the new King of the foil platter?
Let's be real, everyone wants to be "the Halal Guys." That cart in Manhattan has expanded to multiple franchises around the world and it now seems people want to copy their formula (look at Chicken and Rice Guys in Boston or Ali Baba in New Haven). So, how does Masala Kitchen stack up?
Against Halal Guys, its not really close. But it depends on what you compare. Masala Kitchen's "special" platter was special for all the right and wrong reasons. Imagine a spicier "Halal Guys" chicken on top of a bed of rice and that's essentially what the chef's special at Masala Kitchen was. On top of that, quite literally, the sauce was completely underwhelming. I kept squeezing the bottle into our platter and never found myself satisfied. Their white sauce doesn't pair well with the "chef's special" and it certainly isn't the heavenly combo at Halal Guys. Underneath all that unfulfilled potential is the soggy, overcooked rice. The texture of the rice was just way off and too overcooked. How do you mess up basmati rice? If they fix the rice and spruce up that sauce a little bit their platters will definitely be a worthy competitor, but for now, I can't recommend them.
On the other hand, I can definitely recommend their kati rolls. Both the chicken tikka masala and tikka boti (beef) kati rolls were definitely solid. They make their parathas ("pita rolls") fresh, on-the-spot and it certainly makes the kati roll experience that much more enjoyable. The crisp but chewy texture of the rolls wrapping the excellently seasoned meat is hard to beat. Squirt some fragrant mint-cilantro chutney inside and its easily one of the best Kati rolls I've had. With that said, I won't hesitate to go back for some Kati rolls.
Kati rolls? Do your thing MK. Chicken platters? Try again.The veggie biryani was not just biryani. The veggies were soggy, ratio of rice to veggie was too less, tasted bad -totally disappointed. Dont think I'll ever go back.No. Don't go here if you want a decent Indian meal that has good flavor. Both times I went, the rice platters were always dry and I find myself drenching it in white sauce to give it taste. I've also gotten the paneer tikka roll which you would assume is oozing in tikka sauce or something but not at all- just dry chunks of paneer wrapped in a chapati roll that I had to drench in white sauce to give it flavor. I don't understand what the hype is- if you want real Indian food go someplace else. Also, poor customer service- cashier just ignored us when we tried to ask a question about drinks so we just grabbed drinks and sat down. Ugh- not planning on coming back..Delicious food.... Definitely gonna visit again next Friday night.... I recommend Chicken Kati roll and chicken biryani....We went to this restaurant after doing the walking tour of the city to enjoy the food. 
The food was not good at all . We order aachari panner , paneer tikka rolls . There was no difference in both of them .Great little spot-it's fast, has yummy mango lassi and the kati rolls are delicious..highly recommend it and I'm Indian, so that accounts for something!Awesome! My first review.  I passed here yesterday and it smelled good, but I ate next door and all I could do was think about it.  I ate here the next day and it did not disappoint! I had the chicken masala and chicken kheema roll. Both had great flavor...but my favorite was the chicken kheema and the mint lemonade was delish! Would definitely recommend and will come back next time I'm in Philly! They should franchise...it was so good.I got chicken n lamb platter and mango lassi take out. Staff was very nice and clean ambiance was definitely plus. Also location is very convenient. I only had this menu at halal guys in nyc so I can't really judge about food. One thing I noticed was it was less saltier. Not sure if it is good thing but for me it was ok. White sauce was more like mayo to me. But they have sauce counter on the side so you can take as much as you want to. Lassi was delicious but container was tiny.. Seems like everyone likes their rolls so I should try next time. Since it is clean and so close to me I will probably going back there.Love this place! I'm here at least once a week. The paneer is fantastic. Not at the traditional spicy level, but plenty of flavor and value. The folks there are always really nice too. Good quiet spot to have conversation if you choose to dine in.This is a wonderful place to grab quick & tasty Indian food! I loved the Chicken & Lamb platter, the combination of white and hot sauce was awesome and the meat was really well-balanced in spice and flavor. I love how this place caters to a late-night crowd on the weekends, as my roommate thought the kati rolls were incredible and what a killer late-night food that must be, am I right or am I right? Seriously you should check this place out for some savory Indian bites.Delicious, quick, and affordable! We had the Chicken Kheema Roll and Paneer Masala Roll. Both were filling and worth the money. Friendly staff and great service.Excellent food!! Amazing vegetarian options. We kind of tried one of each in our large group. Everyone was happy with their order!! Spice level can be adjusted. Tastes fresh and authentic!! Highly recommended.Masala Kitchen is so good! MKs Special Platter and the Paneer Platter are my favorites!I was wandering around the area after work looking for some places to eat. After 5 minutes of wandering I realized it was Easter and that is why nothing was open. I have never been a fan of kati rolls in general since trying them for the 1st time in NYC years ago, but decided to give it a chance since it was pretty much the only thing open.  
Place- Can easily walk to it if in the city. Pretty spacious. A lot of seating to accommodate for busy lunches and after drinking adventures. I decided to take my food home instead of sit around and eat it.   
Staff/Service- The guy at the cash register was great. Very pleasant and helpful.  
Food: A decent variety on the menu between the kati rolls and the platters! I went for 2 vegetarian rolls. 
1. Paneer Tikka Roll: I LOVE paneer tikka. LOVE might even be an understatement. This roll did not live up to my expectations. The naan itself was waaaay too oily and the paneer was extremely dry. Could have used more masala. I even asked for lemon juice since I love lemon on my paneer. Did nothing for it.
2. Aloo Paneer Roll: This roll was pretty darn great with some lemon juice on it. The naan itself was still very oily, which I was not a fan of. The potatoes added a great kick of spice to the roll. The paneer in this roll wasn't as dry as the plain paneer tikka roll. 
If I was a fan of kati rolls I would prob come back. Unfortunately the massive amounts of oil keeps me away.This is perfect if you are craving chicken and rice or kati rolls. I tried the chicken tikka one and my date tried the chicken achari. The mango lassi came in a nice packaging and the music was nice too. Very fast delivery especially since we were worried about parking time.I discovered this place after a recommendation from a friend when looking for a solid quick bite before catching a Philly Orchestra concert at the Kimmel Center.  The service here is polite and quick and the food here was a pleasant surprise.  I was just expecting a run of the mill fast food indian joint, but I got so much more! Their rolls were perfect for on the go eating and the platters were healthy portion and flavorful.  The kicker was also the mango lassi! It hit the spot after a lot of brisk walking to avoid the rain.  I would return again for quick bites before catching a show anywhere on Broad St.This review is for the delivery service. I ordered a delivery through yelp (and they did charge me their usual delivery fee). After a while I get a call from the  Yelp Eat24 team that the restaurant has informed them that they do not have drivers and want me to pick up my food instead.
This is bizarre on so many levels. First, if they do not have drivers, why have they opted for a delivery service with Yelp? Second, if I had the time or resources to physically visit the restaurant, why would I pay extra and order for a home delivery?
In a nutshell, this is an extremely unprofessional behavior on behalf of the restaurant.Ordered pick up! The food was ready very fast, I ordered the chicken masala roll and lamb roll. The yogurt/white sauce thingy that came with the rolls is amazing. The chicken is honestly a little dry to me if eating without the sauce. But it fits very well with the sauce and gave a good texture together. The only thing is that the rolls are a bit small for me, I guess two rolls are about right for my appetite ahahah, would gave 4.5 if I can. :)This is one of my go-to places for quick Indian food. I've tried their paneer tikka and paneer masala rolls, chicken biryani platter, and paneer platter. I like their paneer but always which it were in bigger pieces.
As someone who doesn't like spice too much, the chicken biryani was a bit too much for me but the white sauce made it better. Their late hours make this a prime place to go at multiple hours of the day!This is a must eat place if you are looking for Indian or halal food. All of their food is excellent and great customer service.The paneer platter is to die for, which is only made better by the fact that platters here are generously portioned.Got the lamb kebab kati roll. The lamb and the green chutney to spice it up was delicious, but the roti-roll  needs improving, it was soggy. Typically Kati-Roll's are thick wraps with meat and masala stuffing. Masala chai was good. I think they will improve over time. Will give them another try when walking thru that part of town sometime soon.Got the paneer Masala Kati roll today for delivery and a mango lassi. It was really good! I'm indian so I didn't expect it to taste that authentic but it was beyond my expectations and the lassi has the perfect amount  of sweetness! I'll order again!I was misled by other reviewers who compared their MK special platter and chicken and lamb platter to Halal Guys in NYC.  I was expecting Halal Guys and got something quite different so I was disappointed. 
MK special Platter: I would not get this again. I agree with other reviewers that the white sauce helps with the flavor but overall it is not as flavorful as Halal Guys. The rice is just unseasoned plain rice.  It comes with a little bit of salad, but not sauteed onions and tomatoes like Halal Guys.  Same goes for the chicken and lamb platter below
Chicken and Lamb platter: I would not get this again
Paneer Masala kati roll: From now on I will stick to their kati rolls.  This was very flavorful and I topped it off with some white sauce.  It is on the smaller side so maybe I will order two for dinner next time.Why I live yelp. In the city for only one night and wanted to find take out. Would never have found this on my own. Had the rolls: tikka and the one with home made cheese and spicy potato (can't remember the name). Be sure to take a container of their spicy red sauce and their flavorful white sauce for dipping.  A great meal!!  And woman at the counter was super friendly too!!Came in for a quick bite and shared the chicken keema, paneer, and aloo Kati rolls between 2 people. Delicious. Hit the spot. Right amount of spice and my Indian parents would approve. Great friendly service and a clean bathroom. Would definitely go back and try the rest of the menu!Had Masala Paneer kati roll and chaas. Masala Paneer was amazingly delicious and I d suggest that if you are veggie. Fresh and tasty. And Chaas here was legit too. Had a little more than the enough amount of jeera, but that is the highlight of the drink.. Must try both. Now I don't wanna leave PhillySo I've been here twice and I've ordered all of their best selling / highly recommended items ( I asked the cashier as well as verified with reviews already posted by yelpers)
The first trip I ordered the MK special  with chicken and lamb ..extra spicy . It was funny as the flavors don't really remind me of Indian food . Think more Cajun . The white sauce was underwhelming . Reminds me of water down ranch . I wasn't a fan of the hot sauce either .
The second time I ordered three rolls and rose lassi ! I got the chicken masala , the lamb , the aloo paneer , and chicken pepper .
Meh . Average quality . Heavily spiced and not in a good way . Well seasoned is a different story .
Three stars for the food !
The rose lassi was delicious but it's really hard to mess up a yogurt drink that consist of three ingredients .
Price points were almost fair . Could be slightly cheaper for what you get .
One star for service . They are really reluctant to give you the discounts they advertise . I've been here twice . I detected attitude from both people who were working the cashier .
Overall two stars .
I miss the Indian and Pakistani restaurants back at home in LA and Toronto .This is definitely not authentic Indian food. This is the fast food version of it. Terrible! I do not recommend this fast food restaurant. Please search for a sit down, authentic Indian food. I had yelp this location to take my friend to his first time at an Indian restaurant, I was more disappointed than he was, it was not what I had in mind at all.Excellent food for the price. 
I first came here during their grand opening. There was a private party for the family of the owner, and I was the only customer inside. I was ready to order a few rolls, but then the owner stopped me and said any rolls I wanted to try were free today.
That's amazing customer service.
Since then, I'm happy to report the place has exploded in popularity. You can't go wrong with any of the chicken rolls, but my personal favorite is the paneer masala roll. Add the white sauce (to how much your diet can handle) and you have tasty combo. 
Is it the most authentic indian food? No. Is it hella tasty and a great deal especially if you're hungry at night? Heck yes. 4/5 for the food but overall 5/5  for the nice staff and that opening day gesture by the owner.We went here for a post dinner snack. I only tried the Chicken Kheema Kati Roll and it was amazing. The chicken was minced perfectly and very flavorful. The Kati Roll had green cardamom, cinnamon and cloves. I had asked was the roll to be made spicy and the spice level was manageable.
We even tried the hot sauce and white sauce and absolutely loved it. In the next visit, I know what I will be ordering ... MK special chicken and rice
The decor is decent, but the dining area is small. So it may be a bit difficult to find seating with a big groupCame here with a friend and we split two rolls. We got the Chicken Masala Roll and those Paneer Masala Roll. The food was pretty tasty, and it ends up being an indian food burrito, I just wish there was a bit more filling in it! Maybe some rice, chick peas, and a cucumber salad and they have a seriuossssss business going on. 
Other than that, the white and hot sauces were tasty and added a lot to the flavor. The mango lassi was a pre-made and super thick drink. I love lassi's and know a good one, tasted fine but just too thick! 
I can't completely complain though cause for two lassis and two rolls it was pretty cheap.I am absolutely addicted! Best affordable lunch around the area.  I always get the Healthy Sprout roll, which is filled with lentils, beets, cabbage, etc.  It is perfect with the spicy sauce.  I also get some chaas (buttermilk) too.  Super affordable, flavorful and always fast!Great food really recommend!!! My aunt took me went there one time and the food is amazing and the service in there is really fast. love this place, I'll come back againI tried their Paneer Masala roll, and it was delicious, juicy, and filling :) this is my new favorite place now!The paneer masala roll and the MK special chicken and rice were on point! Great tasting, cheap and they deliver!I discovered this little treasure shortly after moving into CC 3 years ago. It is my "go to" place whenever I want something quick and tasty. I'm not crazy about wraps in general - so I usually stick to the platters. My two favorites are the Chicken and Lamb and the Chicken Biryani. I'm a pretty big guy with a healthy appetite - but either platter ends up being two meals for me. Others have complained about the service. I would agree that they are not the chattiest bunch - but I've always found them to be courteous and polite. With tax the platters come to $9.72 - a rare bargain for this quality of carefully prepared authentic Kolkata street food.I have been to Afghanistan and India and are this kind of stuff in NYC forever, this is the best chicken Briyani the world has to offer. They just nail the sauces and bread which is crucial. It takes me a long time on saturdays to get there but I'm always so happy afterwards it's worth it. There Kati rolls are spiced perfectly. They are super nice too. I had an event catered from there and the food was gone in seconds, it was breakfast time too! Very professional.This place is absolutely delicious.  Healthy, made-to-order Indian food in either wraps or bowls.  Lots of vegetarian and gluten free options, spicey sauce to add.  We really (really!) loved it here and will certainly be back.  They're open super late for that late night dinner.  Made for an awesome lunch the next day and was so reasonably priced.Pretty good Kati Roll. Comparable to NYC Kati rolls. I'm a huge fan of their paneer roles.Some of the best Kati rolls I've ever had! My only complaint is having to pay for sauces, because everywhere else I've been they come free with the purchase. But the rolls were tasty, warm, and filling, which is the most important part. The restaurant is also quite cute.The pita I had was good.  The chicken platter I had the seasoning was good but it was beyond hot. It was inedible it was so hot.  I ended up having to throw it out.  I'm not sure if that's the normal heat level for the food or someone got pepper happyService was quick and Plenty of open tables to sit at during lunch time. 
I got chicken tikka khaki roll and it was constantly falling out while taking a bite. It was not secured properly. There was barely any masala in it besides green chutney. Poorly made. I loved the rose lassi though. It was really good and worth the money. 
I prefer spice end over masala kitchen.I came here one night with some friends after a few drinks in the area, suddenly craving some spice and flavorful food from the motherland. I usually don't eat Indian food out in Philly - haven't had anything remarkable at a few places I tried, but the kati rolls here were impressive! The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get - I ordered the Chicken Tikka and Achari Paneer rolls for a total of about $11. The food came out fast, they gave me the Achari chicken instead of the paneer, but I didn't mind, they were both delicious! I will be coming back to try the other options!
As someone else pointed out, a few minutes after we came in, the room got a little smoky, so if you plan on sitting down for a while, you might end up leaving smelling like Indian food. But if you plan to take out, eat it quick or else they may get soggy.I had beef tikka. Friendly and quick service. Food was hot and flavorful. Will return to try other rolls.Went there this Monday with a co-worker. The place was clean and it is a typical Halal food place. I ordered their signature Chicken over Rice... I would say the first few bites were super great and it reminds me of NYC 6 Guy Halal. However, the taste became so so later on. I think the portion of rice is too much that I got tired of the food in the end. I will give this placs another try next time and maybe try some other dish on their menu.Pretty decent. The late hours and the healthy options really change up post-bar food options in the area. 
I had a few hit or miss experiences, but the hits were all fantastic.Excellent place. Great options. Open super late. The panee roll is perfection and the chutney is very flavorful.  I wish we had places like this in Houston.  Friendly staff and the place was packed at 3am.  Good sign.  
They place is clean and the location is really convenient. Go support.Went for a quick lunch. It was good food loved the chicken tikka masala roll. Good prompt service and food was great. A good way to taste nice Indian food that you would find in india ie. Rolls. Definitely recommend it for all! Go check it out.They say they close at midnight on weekdays but they denied us entry at 11:45. Pet peeve. Don't misrepresent your hours. If you don't serve until the stated time, you aren't open until that time.Love this place. Really quick and amazingly good. When I discovered MK, I went back for lunch for the next 4 days in a row. Super friendly staff. Great addition to the neighborhood. My fave is the paneer masala roll.I can attest to the fact that this place serves quite good rolls. Don't think twice if you are in mood for Indian style rolls. Out of Paneer, Aloo, Aloo-Paneer and Mix-Veggie rolls, I liked Mix-Veggie the best. Their dips aren't any good. I felt that their Veg Biryani was good but nothing special (caveat: I had Biryani for to-go and ate it the next day)This place definitely feels like a souped up version of Spice End. The ambiance is very lively and the menu options are pretty extensive. On my quest to find a place to get after-hours chicken and rice, this place comes to the top of my list. The quality of the chicken is amazing: juicy and very well-seasoned. You can pour on as much white and hot sauce as needed. The mango lassi is so thick and delicious; probably some of the best that I have had here in Philly.Perfect place for a quick grab of tasty Indian food! No complaints, all menu items are tasty. Pricing is nominal. Paneer Masala Wrap is the best dish.Got takeout, veggie platter and mango lassie. Was disappointed with both as I found the food bland and too spicy and the drink too thick. Great concept.Recommended by my Indian friend. I came here for paneer roll, but was surprised by Rose lassi, haha!I don't know why non Indian people say this is not authentic Indian food. Kati rolls are something like street food in India and this is pretty authentic Indian food. Obviously this concept is not very popular in the US as most Indian restaurant serve the same old curries and bread, and so most people may not be familiar with Kati rolls. Love the food here, they are open late, there is 1$ discount for order of 2 rolls, what's not to like?!Terrible food, very unclean. On Christmas Eve this place being one of the very places open we decided to give it a try. The kati roll was ok. The rice platters were horrible. Took the paneer platter and veg Biryani. Bad taste.. no flavor. Rice laden with cinnamon. To worsen it found strands of hair in both the platters. Ewww. Will never be trying this again.Better than "mmkay!"
Stopped by for lunch with a colleague. Everything was fresh and delicious, with a respectable level of spice! Loved all of it. Plus, the Kati rolls were such a great value at only $5.25!
Will definitely be back.I had the paneer kathi rolls for sad desk lunch--their food is fast, but uninspired.Amazing paneer and Kala khatta. The paneer is so soft that it reminds me of the paneer one gets in India. Will come backMasala Kitchen is my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood. They have plenty of Kati rolls which is unique for the area, and they're open very late. The service is friendly, delivery is offered, and any special requests are taken care of. Hopefully more people come in since the restaurant is still new.The food is good and tasty. The mango lassi is nicely packaged and tastes AMAZING. So does the Chaas. But I ordered delivery once and got a long hair in my food. The second time I ordered I got a staple in it.Great food.  Fantastic service and management with a smile.  Very clean and nice simple decor. Highly recommend it!I was looking for quick and easy food after work and this hit the exact spot. I had the chicken masala roll and it was awesome! Excited to come back and try other rolls.Really good kati rolls, outstrips others in the city for sure. The ingredients taste so fresh, and the flavors are very distinctive, which I appreciate, since a lot of fast food Indian tends to slap a vague tikka masala over everything and call it a day. The rolls look small, but two rolls left me feeling like I was going to explode. I'd recommend the paneer tikka (cottage cheese with onions and spices) and chicken masala (chicken in a creamy tomato based sauce).After reading reviews, i had more expectations on the rolls.But i was very much disappointed after trying their pepper chicken roll.
We ordered chicken biryani and pepper chicken roll. Roll was just ok, not great. Not much taste and the outer layer is very soft, Chicken lacks flavor too.Coming to Chicken biryani, quantity is very less for 10$. It is just like some chicken curry mixed with rice, not a typical biryani.
Food: 3
Ambience: 3This is a nice place and is famous for their Cathedrals I ate a roll and that was really cheap on pocket and green taste so I will definitely recommend you to just eat any of the Roll which one cost more than $5 and you will be really delightedWonderful experience at Masala kitchen! A different twist than a typically served Indian cuisine. I like their concept to serve Indian street food on the street of Philly downtown. I had paneer tikka and healthy sprout Kati roll both are really delicious. Specially sprout well cooked with different veggies like beet root & cabbage, like the green chutney flavorfull (not watery). Nice, funky small gem in philly downtown. Definitely be back and recommended!!Healthy sprouts roll alert!! So spicy inspite of telling them my spice levels. They should really start paying attention to the spice levels and not serve something just because it is already prepared. Their lassi's are alright and food is quite reasonable.My boyfriend and I stopped by here a couple days ago since this was open late. I liked my MK Chicken Platter. Reminds me a lot of The Halal Guys over in Chinatown. I wouldn't mind coming back and trying their Kati rolls. I also had the mango lassi which was pretty good as well. My boyfriend on the other hand didn't really like what he had which was the chicken and lamb platter. I think really he was looking to enjoy something else for dinner that night which contributed to his not liking the food. And the cashier was pretty nice and very patient as we didn't know what we wanted upon reaching the front of the line.I ordered take out kati healthy sprout roll and it was really good. 
I regretted not getting more than one though but will definitely be trying their other items.The chicken tikka roll and the paneer tikka roll are the best I've ever had. They were both moist, balanced in flavor, and enhanced by the yummy white and hot sauces. I'm a huge fan of this place. The only downside is they have a relatively high minimum of $20 for ordering through GrubHub.Very nice interior. Nothing fancy, but it's all there. Food was a bit disappointing. No spices that are so essential for Indian Cuisine . They are open very late, so that could be a late night option.Great prices and great food! I love ordering from Masala Kitchen. Their service is very fast and it is easy to order through their website.got a very good veggie kati roll, mint lemonade. Veg biryani tastes good, not authentic biryani but definitely good taste. Service is OTC but the folks are courteous. Will visit again!May be bumping this rating up because I was so hungry, but this definitely hit the spot!  Quick walk from the Kimmel Center and open late, so it's a great place to grab a casual bite post-show.
I tried:
-Masala Chicken Roll - soooo good.  You can add egg for $0.50 but I skipped it.  Didn't need it to me.
-Mango Lassi - would probably skip this next time.  I'm spoiled by Mood's fresh lassis and this one was also a little thick for me.
...but back to the masala chicken roll because I'm craving one again.  The paratha (bread) is FRESH.  Soft and pliable, but with some crisped bits from the cooktop.  I think it really made the roll.
Try this place.Being fed on rolls (one of the commonest fastfood in Indian metros) through childhood and early youth, I definitely missed a roll-place in Philly. 
The masala rolls here are good, the other flavors aren't that great, but then this is the opinion of my spice-craving Indian tongue and others may disagree with me. The platters (have tried the chicken one) aren't worth it.
P.S. I hope they are a little generous with the gravy in the rolls, coz the rolls seem too dry.Wow!!! Absolutely delicious and perfectly portioned. I came here with my husband for a late lunch and man was it delicious! I got the Paneer Masala roll which was basically a spicy chunk of halumi in a thin and crispy, crepe-like roll... add some spicy red sauce and it was fantastic. My husband got the Chicken Kheema roll which was just as good!One of the better Indian places I've been to in the area. Great dine in experience with a vast amount of options for vegetarians. Personally, I enjoyed this more than the original Kati roll because the food here has more flavor and amount in each roll.Quick, delicious Indian food with clean and spacious seating and courteous staff!  Found this place a block or two from the Verizon Kimmel HallGenerally hard to find Indian street food , I was delighted to try this place as I was walking through the streets of Philly . Authentic , reasonable kathi rolls ( I tried chicken kheema roll) can make a great lunch or snack.Great rolls!!  Absolutely Indian.. affordable food, quick service! Friendly staff  :)Masala kitchen is the best place in philly for a quick bite to eat. My favorite things are the paneer masala and aloo rolls. The Kati rolls are always served warm and fresh and are $10 for 2 which is a great deal. The best part about masala kitchen is that it is open very late on the weekend which makes it the best place to go after a long night out.More like a 3.5.
I love Indian food and the rolls here are great.  They also should get bonus points for carrying Thums Up soda (a really hard to find Indian Coco Cola).  However, I can't get behind this place enough to eat here more often.  I just wish that the platters weren't so Middle-Eastern inspired.  They're really similar to the Halal carts' platters that have pita bread and "white sauce" (some type of mayo?).  It makes me wonder why I wouldn't go to a lunch truck instead.Masala Kitchen worked with us for our holiday party. The kati rolls were excellent, the service was impeccable, and it was all around a wonderful experience. We highly recommend them for casual meals or larger office parties and will definitely be working with them again in the future.Great food. I had Aloo Paneer roll and enjoyed thoroughly. Don't forget about the excellent mango lassi and some sauces for your food. My food was up quickly and the employees are very helpful. The place is clean and fresh with a younger college crowd. Highly recommended.Masala kitchen is a weekly staple for my boyfriend and I . It's great for vegetarians and omnivores alike. I think these Khati rolls might even be better than the ones from the Khati roll company in NYC. I've never been disappointed . Delivery is always delivered sooner than expected and the rolls are always delicious. Plus, the prices are very reasonable !The Paneer Masala Roll was tasted great and was priced well. 
The wait was a lot longer than the others on my group and something was wrong with their ventilation because it was extremely hazy inside.this is my new go-to.  The staff is warm and friendly and the place is very clean.  I was so down when Marabella Meatball Co closed.  BUT.. this is a most welcome change. The chicken masala roll is DEELISHUSS!  I went back the next night to get it again.  I also gave the aloo paneer roll a whirl and it's also very tasty.  I see this place doing very well once the neighborhood realizes how great the rolls are.  I definitely recommend this place.  I'm sure bar goers will be happy with the weekend 3:30am closing time.I can't say enough great things about this place. Our office is right down the street and we've ordered lunch for about 25 people twice now. The first time we ordered individually. 25 individual orders isn't easy, but they delivered on time and were friendly and courteous throughout the whole process. The second time, we ordered from the catering menu, and I highly recommend it. The menu is simple so it's very easy to order from. They also cut the kati rolls in half so people were able to mix it up and try different types. All were delicious! They also gave us plenty of plates and napkins and an insane amount of sauce. Everyone was very full and happy. 5/5, would absolutely recommend!Awesome spot. So many kinds of kati rolls and every one we tried was amazing. I'd especially recommend the lamb kebab, but the aloo paneer and unda were also incredible. Will definitely be back to try the rest!
Two rolls is a full meal and at about 5 bucks each, it's a hell of a deal (if you grab two of the not-cheapest ones, you also get a dollar off). 
The lassis are made in house, but come in cute to-go bottles, so even if you ate too much, you can grab one for later.Great Kati rolls! Loved the beef roll and the chicken pepperwala! Definitely coming back for more!We ate here twice on our two day visit to Phily. We have tried all the veg rolls and each is good, the paneer masala being my favorite. The spice level is perfect and it's not too hot.
Their chaas is amazingly refreshing, a must try.The lamb kabob roll is off the charts! Would eat here every day if I could (my bf does lol)the restaurant lied and said they had prepared the food when I tried to cancel it within. 5 to 10 seconds of placing the order. how is it possible for the restaurant to accept the order and make it with 1 min I was talking to the Uber eats help.I think my expectations may have been too high based on other reviews but I thought the rolls were fine but nothing amazing (I did have it at 7pm rather than 3am so maybe that had something to do with it).
I got the chicken tikka roll w/ egg and it came out quickly and hot. The chicken itself was tender and cooked nicely but even with the egg it wasn't all that satisfying. Maybe I was expecting a stronger sauce or something more than the chicken, eggs and onion but I left feeling slightly disappointed.
But to be fair, it is very cheap, fast and probably a lot tastier/fresher than a lot of comparable foods you can get at that price point.This is for the chicken and lamb on rice. Very average. Chicken had lots of grizzle. Not very flavorful. Rice and lamb were OK. Not worth returning for a second visit.TL;DR: Fast, friendly, affordable, delicious, seating options & delivery!
So friendly and so delicious! I've only had their platters here, but they have both been great so far. The chicken and rice and the MK specials are both worth getting and each are under $10. The last time I was there, they handed out free samples of the mango lassi which was very tasty. The workers have always been nice, answering questions and accommodating with dietary requests.I've been here twice and it's very good and lives up to the reviews. The paneer masala roll is hands down one of the best Kati rolls I've had- probably better than the original Kati Rolls in NYC. The Aloo masala roll was less magnificent but still solid. 
I also got the chicken and lamb combo and it was delicious. Tasted much less synthetic than the Halal guys platters, and was incredibly filling and the meat, rice and lettuce all blended together favorably. I recommend using a LOT of the white sauce on everything- it's great!The platter is definitely not worth the money. Chicken beryani with hardly any chicken.  Not going back.Need curry at 3am?!  Not only does this place close late, but it's the BEST Indian food I've ever had.  It's a cultured kinda hipster place.UMMM HELLO!!! 
If you live in the Philadelphia area, love Indian food, and have not been here... GET HERE IMMEDIATELY!
Luckily, I found this diamond in the rough on Yelp on a kate night I was hungry. The hours are awesome.
Walking in as someone who has eaten Indian food her whole life, I had expectations. Everyone which was met! They have great promotions, and discounts when you check in on yelp... all of this on already cheap food. Can't beat that.
Everything is cooked made to order. And this is authentic stuff we are talking about!
They have Mango Lassi's... which happen to be one of my favorite drinks, ready made in a refrigerator. They taste good, but I wish the consistency of them was thinner. It is VERY thick. They have other drinks in the cooler, but they are not labeled, so i disnt know what they were.
You can eat in, or take out. The music is awesomeeee.
Service is fast, the food is amazing, please do yourself a favor and stop by this place!We order takeout from here pretty frequently and have never been disappointed. I always order a paneer tikka kati roll, which is so good I've never felt the need to get something different! My boyfriend loves the chicken tikka just as much. One is good for a small meal or a snack, but there are a number of vegetable rolls that are great in addition to a paneer or meat roll. They are very generous with their additional sauces and we've never had any issues with delivery. Great place for takeout!Open until 3:30 am on Friday and Saturday nights amazing. Good place, nice food and friendly staff.. Good Kati roll place in Philly finally like NYC.. Simply love it. Will surely come back and recommend.Really delicious kebab and platter food. Very reasonable price for the quality you can get at fast food ! Ambient environment !A good place to grab lunch. They have lots of interesting drink options.
I got the chicken biryani ($9) and I did like it quite a bit. Maybe it could have been "saucier" though? The chicken and portions were generous and tender. 
The service was quite nice too.Horrible food and I'm not a picky eater. The portion is very small, the size of a taco, they make it look like you're getting a burrito. It's pretty much frozen food that you're paying to have microwaved and they didn't even do that right, it was still cold and dry on the inside.
I even tipped the girl at the counter thinking I was being nice, but she didn't do me any favors.
I will say the mango lassi was decent which saved it from 1 star, otherwise the bill was over $10 in the end for a cold snack and a drink. Definitely not planning on coming back.I never review places but I love this place so much I had to give em props. Good price, delicious flavors, convenient and fast.
It's awesome.Good Kati rolls with good spice sand flavor. Reasonable prices and nice, fast, and friendly service!The food was good but the dinner was ruined after a person from the street came in and aggressively demanded my attention ("hey, YOU, yeah YOU").  Ultimately, he forcefully took some of my money. The restaurant staff did not try to intervene (they just watched) even though he was also sexually harassing one of the employees.  The guy was continually fishing in his pants pocket screaming so one has to assume it was some sort of weapon...which did not positively add to my dining experience.
 As you can imagine, this experience was terrifying.  I spoke with the staff after the man left and they said that these things happen.  No, they don't.  But it seemed like this might have not been the first time the staff has experienced this.
They really needed to tell him to leave and call the cops.  I certainly feel that they do not care about the physical well-being of their customers.  The restaurant also made zero effort to make things right, too.
I will not go back because it is not safe to eat here.Sometimes food takes me to a happy place and their food did just that. I went for a quick lunch at work and will definitely be going back. I ordered the veggie kati roll and added egg.  This place is close to Jefferson but just a bit further than some of the other restaurants so I somehow hadn't made it there until now. Trust me, it is worth the walk!Amazing place. The people are kind and the food is amazing. Their mint lemonade is amazing as well, had a great time here with my sister after a day or work.Love love love this place. I'm totally obsessed with their kathi rolls. Reasonable prices and fast service. Their lamb roll is a must have. They're open very late on Friday and Saturday nights so it's the perfect post bar meal. Their chutneys are very nice too and perfectly compliment the rolls.Masala kitchen popped up out of nowhere! My friend and I were in search of a quick but healthy meal after catching Don Juan by the Philadelphia ballet at the Academy of Music. This place had fresh new Lassi's - try the lavender, it's delish. Their lamb kebab roll was great and we got a trial of the chicken masala roll which is their specialty- a must order if you go. Bon appetite!Great place to grab a bite to eat late at night. They are open until like 3 on weekends. They have various kati rolls and rice platters. I have tried the chicken and rice, chicken biryani (very good), chicken tikka roll, chicken masala roll, aloo roll, and chicken kheema roll. I like the aloo roll (potato filled kati roll) and chicken kheema roll (ground chicken in spices) the best. You can help yourself to the white sauce and hot sauce dispensers. I have also tried a sample of the rose lassi. I liked it as it tasted kind of like go-gurt. I will be back.I was surprised to see this place was open late but I was very happy to find it so.  
The menu is simple and inexpensive.  The rolls aren't so large as to be compared to burritos but they don't have to be.  I'd argue they're more flavorful and worthwhile than most burritos I've had.  
I had a chicken tikka and beef masala roll and they're both very different flavors but both were enjoyable nevertheless.  A platter may be better suited if you're looking for a filling meal but I think having two different kinds of rolls gives you the opportunity to experience different tastes.
They happen to have a 10% discount when you check-in on Yelp and they did honor it so that's a little perk to save you a dollar here and there.
There's plenty of seating inside and there's plenty of white sauce to go around if you choose to eat in.
FYI, your clothes may smell of food when you leave, not that it will smell bad though.
Recommendation: Beef masala rollI had the chicken masala & paneer tikka roll.  I preferred the paneer. The bread was a nice texture, and held the fillings well. The sauces, or marinades that coat the proteins were tasty.The paneer and chicken breast on their own are pretty bland. The white & red sauces on the side help give flavor. Lassis are premade I think, so I passed.
Just like Spice End, if you buy 2 rolls you get $1 off. The platters I saw people eating looked good. I don't think they could be much better than a good Halal food stand on the street, which would cost about 1/2 the price.In reference I can get a chicken tikka roll @ one of my fave carts in W. Philly which costs $3 and is bigger.
The place is nice, clean, and open late. Food comes out fast, and the staff are very pleasant.I could see myself possibly returning if I was in the area late @ night and had the munchies.By far the best kati rolls I've had in this country! The chicken is so tender, flavorful, and well marinated. For vegetarians, the aloo paneer roll is an amazing option, id say it's as good if not better than the nonveg options! At $5.50 a roll, Im definitely going to be a regular customer.Came in around 2am after a night out on the town. Packed (as usual I guess), but the cashiers were all super quick and friendly.
What we ordered:
1. Chicken n Rice- Halal guys copy cat, but doesn't live up to the standards. 
2. Paneer Kati Roll- Our favorite. paneer covered in the creamy tomato sauce- delicious 
3. Chicken Masala Kati Roll- 2nd favorite. Tasted like the paneer one- but with grilled chicken.
4. Lamb Kabob Kati Roll- not that remarkable but I remember the spices were strong.
Great for anyone that wants that quick and casual Indian restaurant experience. Also, makes really good drunk food in my opinion. Would love to come back if I'm ever in the area but definitely recommend the kati rolls over the platters.Tied for best Indian we've had in Philly. Delivery was a mess (containers broken open, some food cold) but that may not be the restaurant's fault. Tough to say. Solid 3-star for now.This place is amazing!  After heading home from Vintage Wine Bar where we had some wine and appetizers, my fiance and I stopped here for kati rolls.  Everyone there was so friendly and they even let us sample some of their lassis (all which were delicious!).  We loved the food so much we ordered kati rolls for delivery a few days later and although it was Saturday night, they were very prompt with delivery and they didn't charge us a delivery fee.  The food came hot and fresh.  Highly recommend!I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but was pleasantly surprised at the sandwich rolls they had here. This is more a fast food joint than a restaurant so be prepared if seating is lacking. I had both the chicken tikka roll and lamb roll and they were both good but I definitely liked the chicken tikka roll more because it was less spicy. Try the mango lassi, it is authentic and not fake like some other places that I have been. To finish off your meal you need to have some masala chai which is a good mix of spices and flavor. The prices here are extremely reasonable so definitely check it out.Food was great, I loved the healthy sprout kathi roll and all of the depth of flavors in the sauces and the crunch with the veggies! Nice spice and flavor! 
The service was just really slow and the girl at the counter was meh.Hands down, one of the best places I've ever had Indian food. I had a few favorites in San Francisco and Los Angeles, but this place tops it. Their aloo paneer wrap is to die for. And make sure to try the MK chicken dish. Disappointed we don't have this place at our hometown!My favorite spot in Philly for indulgent Indian street food. Open pretty late Favs:
-Achari Chicken/Paneer (if you're vegetarian) Rolls
-Chicken Biryani Platter: Perfectly cooked moist chicken/flavorful rice and salad+ pita on the side. I prefer this much more over their standard chicken and rice
-Mango Lassis: Thick and Creamy. Aannddd its mango lassi. Whats not to love?!
Bottom Line: If you are in the Philly area and are looking for solid late night eats or are craving desi street food, do not miss Masala Kitchen!The kati rolls are amazing and the service is super fast. Chicken biryani isn't the best but definitely a great place to grab lunch if you're ever hungry!Just finished my 2nd visit to this place. Consistently good food and great service. Perfect for a quick lunch. The food can be a bit spicy but it isn't extreme. I really like the Chicken rolls.Went (more like stumbled) here after a night out. Someone in my group mentioned he went there for lunch THAT DAY and still recommended this place to us for post party munchies. That's some food love right there. And he was definitely on point with his recommendation. 
I had the chicken tikka roll and a mango lassi. The tikka roll came out piping hot, full of flavor, and well made. The mango lassi was also creamy and delicious, and cooled things down. 
I was too busy scarfing down my food to see how the other people were doing with theirs, but overall I think we all left happy and full. I also give mega props to the staff for staying open and being calm with dealing with the drunk crowds- the patience it takes to deal with those shenanigans without losing your shit is a pretty big feat in customer service. 
I wish I lived in philly so I could come back more often, but I'll make sure to visit the next time I'm in town!You enter the place and the aroma of Indian spices teases you. The setting is modern and small, giving it a cosy feel.
Ordered Achari Paneer as I was in the mood to eat something chatpatta. Was ready in 5-7mins. I I also got Chaas (Buttermilk) because you know...it is Chaas!!
They start off on the right foot by using whole wheat rotis for Kati rolls.
They have some chutneys on the side for you to take. The red chutney is really spicy...not for me!
I take the first bite and it doesn't disappoint. It has the chatpatta taste with the soft paneer to balance things, exactly what I was expecting. 
Chaas was amazing and provided the coolness to all the spices melting in my mouth! 
The only thing missing were Indian songs! That would have made it the complete package. 
But as they say-
Kisi ko mukamal jahan nahi milta!!
(Nobody gets a perfect world!)
P.S. - Go with a nice company. I sure had one and it made it a whole lot better experienceWe ordered sprouted Kati roll, chicken masala and unda kati roll which was so oily no salt at all. I found it very disgusting.Amazing food. Great for a Quick bite. Price inexpensive. Will come back over and over aginGreat for a quick, relatively large and tasty Kati roll. Got the chicken masala and lamb rolls, both of which were good and came with a wickedly spice sauce (on the side) which I also liked. Mango lassi was smooth and creamy, wish there were a bit more. Very friendly service and no lines to wait in usually. Will hopefully take advantage of the late hours soon!I haven't tried the rolls. The platter was just ok. Nothing really special about it but it was pretty good. The staff was very nice and the price is worth coming back :)I got the Paneer Masala & Beef Tikka for take out the other day. I added an egg to both rolls and while both were delicious, the Paneer Masala was AMAZING. I will definitely be going back for it - it's one of those foods that you can't stop thinking about. The beef in the Beef Tikka was slightly chewy and it had a good spicy kick to it without being overbearing. I highly recommend this place to anyone that likes Indian food. I will definitely be trying out other items on the menu in the near future.Yummy! The Kati rolls here are incredible - packed with flavor. I love the masala pepperwala (lol) roll and the masala chicken roll. They have vegetarian options as well. Excellent for a quick bite.This place is bomb! Sooo good. The chicken kheema Kati was delicious--full flavors. MK special chicken platter reminds me of halal guys. Will definitely have to come back when I'm sober for an unbiased opinion. Also, thanks for staying open late.The food here is EXCELLENT.. However the delivery person was Awful!!!
So I ordered food from my work, when he arrived he called and said he was here, so I went on my 30 minute lunch and went to meet him. I told him exactly where I was at, and to make it easier walked to the corner of my building. He in return yelled at me and argued with me and was extremely rude. It took over 15 minutes and a phone call to the store to get him to show up to the right spot and he was still rude to me and expected a tip. I had less the 10 minutes to eat my food and the aggravation was un called for.