My wonderful staff gave me a nice gift certificate to Matyson's, so off to dinner we went this past Monday.  My lovely date and I decided to order the tasting menu (a tribute to the recently departed Charlie Trotter.). The first two courses, mussels with sweet & sour cucumber and the Kampachi in green tomato water were excellent. The third course of lamb with baby spinach, sun chokes and truffles was sublime, and was the one of the best lamb dishes I've ever eaten.  The duck and cornbread that following were also very good, but paled in comparison to that lamb.
Matyson's is now going to be on my restaurant rotation, and the tasting menu (served Mon-Thur) is a defiant go to.  Remember to bring a nice white/rose and red to this BYOB, you won't be disappointed.Lovely interior with very friendly and prompt service. Don't forget to BYOB!
Must haves:
-Duck ragout cavatelli. Amazing. Wish I oredered 2 and had it as an entree!
-Grilled octopus app-melt-in-your-mouth. No chewy nonsense!
-Beef cheeks: amazingly tender, I (literally) ate it with a spoon (so I could scoop up the sauce!)
Alright:
-Halibut was good but not especially memorable
The desserts were solid. Not so good that I  would come back just for them, but both the plates for the semifredo and orange creme brûlée were both licked clean. 
Overall a great experience and would return!Divine Matyson
I still think of their perfect
duck with berry sauce
Nice place, great service
Scrumptious from start to finish
Dinner was heaven...I was a little fearful of being suckered into a pricey prix fixed menu on valentine's day, but was thrilled to see that they had their normal menu with some fantastic specials. For starters we had the sweetbreads with a perfectly poached egg on top- delicious. The egg was cooked perfectly (not an easy feat) and complimented the saltiness of the sweetbreads. Plus it was entertaining to keep my husband guessing as to what sweetbreads were. For dinner I ordered the whole branzino. Super impressive the way the fish was deboned. I was expecting to choke on a bone at any moment, but the entire thing was served intact and deboned. Oh it was super super good! For dessert we had a hazelnut crepe, which was just amazing. We both greedily inhaled the dessert and wished for more. Great restaurant if you're looking for a byob without the cramped byob feel.We went to Matyson with some friends from Florida. Usually we always order the tasting menu which offers a great value. The quality of food is always consistent the courses inspiring. I would rate their menu at four stars. However the week we went it the menu was root vegetables and we were not inspired so we ordered from the a la carte.
The experience was outstanding from the Seared Foie Gras to the Long Island Duck which was cooked to perfection. 
In the future I may simply order from the a la carte.
The service was four stars and pleasant.
Great job chef!It's not often that I go out to a fancy pants BYO.  Up until last week, you could say that I'd never been to one.  Usually, you'll find me in a dimly lit bar with craft beer in my glass and something greasy on my plate.  Some nights you'll even find me in a dimly lit bar with a can of Schmidt, a shot of Beam and Chef Boyardee in my beard.  That's pretty much the variation I'm dealing with in my day-to-day.
Well I made an exception because there's a certain little lady who deserves it and I ended up picking Matyson.  Mostly because a buddy who's down in Baltimore had a $25/50 gift certificate that was due to expire before he'd be able to redeem it.  Partly because I've heard nothing but good things from people I trust on issues such as these.  But after two bites of the first course, that wouldn't have mattered anymore.  Because my mouth was telling me something:  
"Best food that's ever been in here, ever!"
Having been recommended to do the tasting menu, we checked it out and she picked out 3 bottles to compliment the courses.  She selected Panil Barriquée, an Italian sour; Stillwater's Cellar Door saison and Southern Tier Pumking for/to pair with the Pumpkin Roulade dessert.
But this review isn't about the beer, so let's talk about the food.  
This week's tasting menu featured a variety of local squash.  
The first course was a Butternut "Cappucino" with White Chocolate, Lobster and a Butternut Popover (which was handy for soaking up whatever couldn't be grabbed by the spoon).  The sweet combination of the butternut lobster and chocolate coupled with the rich frothy texture was just amazing, and the sourness of the Panil provided contrast.  
But this was just to get your appetite sufficiently whetted for the second course consisting of acorn squash ravioli with pistachio, pear and shaved foie gras.  Our server commented that this was her favorite dish on the tasting menu.  While I didn't agree personally (I'm not big on either pear or pistachio) it was delicious nonetheless. 
Course three was up and so was a switch to the Stillwater saison.  Again she nailed it on the pairing, the spicy, earthy flavors of the saison blending with Red Snapper in a Kobocha Squash sauce with Thai Basil, peanut sambal and a couple of the most buttery smooth mussels I've ever eaten (I've eaten a lot of mussels).  The fish was over-cooked a smidgen but it really didn't matter.  I think this was my favorite of the bunch and I think it had to do with those mussels.  
Next, we had Coffee Rubbed Duck Breast with Red Curi Squash Tamale, Mango and Salsa Verde.  We were glad we both saved a little bit of the Panil because it made the Duck Breast really sing.  The Duck was cooked perfectly as was the Tamale and the coolness of the fresh Mango and tanginess of the Salsa Verde just tied it all together.  
And now, the moment we've all been waiting for.  The Pumpkin Roulade was fucking awesome.  That's all I'm going to say about it.
We finished with a double of Illy Espresso and a quick trip to the Lily-scented (now with real Lilies!) water closet.  
Our waitress Tracy and staff were all great, everyone contributing their thoughts and seemed genuinely interested in ours.  
The atmosphere was warm and comfortable.  It might be a little noisy for the bourgeois types but considering my normal haunts of choice didn't bother me a bit.  A clean shirt and a decent pair of jeans fits in nicely here.
So there it is.  My introduction into the fancy pants, BYO set.  I think I could get used to this.Matyson puts together amazing meals. The dishes are creative and complex with many flavors layered together to create remarkable results. Lately, I've been feeling "nice-restaurant fatigue" where nothing impresses me any more. So often, I leave an expensive restaurant and think, "I could make that at home". But I could never recreate the dishes at Matyson. From appetizer to dessert, I want to lick the plates.
And of course, everything else is great. The servers are warm and friendly. The restaurant is dimly lit at night and it is BYOB, so very romantic. The tables are a tad bit close together, however. 
Forget Garces, Starr and Morimoto, this is the best spot in the city.Best scallops I've ever had in my life.  Even better than Chloe's, and those are pretty damn good!  They combine interesting ingredients to create unique flavorful dishes.Fantastic meal, great service.  Halibut was best fish dish we've had in Philly.A small neighborhood gem. I would have never have heard of this place if one of my coworkers had never told me. This BYOB is incredibly intimate AND th food is delicious. 
My husband and I took my mother in law and she loved it. She loves fresh seafood and this place had it. My scallops were cooked perfectly and her fish was as well. My husband got some type of steak with small blue cheese fried tater tot things that was oh so yummy. I could probably eat a bucket of them :)
I would like to go back the next time we decide to treat ourselves!Another delectable lunch at Matyson - house made gnocchi were light and pillowy in a light garlic and wine sauce with fresh summer veggies.  Smoked Trout on black bread is always a hit.
Can't miss at Mat-y-son.The meal was great, including my fave of sweetbreads. The service was unobtrusive, funny, and on top of our order. The only con is that we forgot the wine at this otherwise solid BYOB!So good!! I love that their menu is so unique and they have crazy combinations of flavors that always seem to go well together. The baby octopus was out of this world, and I had salmon with a Korean bbq sauce on it which was the 2nd best salmon I've ever had in my life (and trust me, I've had a LOT of salmon). It's pricey, but in my opinion it's definitely worth it for the quality of food and service that you get. It's cozy and romantic inside, and BYOB. Our waiter was awesome, too. Will most definitely be returning here!Need more than 5 stars to write a review about this place.
Outstanding service, staff and modern innovative food by Chef Ben.
One of our most favorite place in center city and it's a BYOB.
A perfect place for any and every celebration or even for a date or just for a casual evening of delectable food.
A must for every food lover.Matyson is the best restaurant I've been to in months! Sadly the quality of dining in Philly has taken a major nose dive with the recession and restaurants seem to get more and more expensive while offering worse and worse quality. Luckily I took yelp advice and went to Matyson for a celebration dinner with my aunt in September, and we were very pleased with our experience.
We started with their signature foie gras. It was mind shatteringly good--perhaps the single best thing I have ever had in my life! The foie gras itself was the perfect texture--it was prepared almost like a dark meat with a crispy seared finish and inner juicy tenderness. It sat atop a moist banana bread and was accompanied by a hazelnut puree, crispy ham and coffee-maple glaze. AMAZING!
My aunt had the diver scallops with poppy seed gnocchi, cauliflower, chanterelles and creme fraiche while I had the duck special. My aunts scallops were perfect. Seared crisp on the outside and supple on the inside. The sides were phenomenal and left my mouth feeling absolutely swooned (if that doesn't make sense to you, just eat the food and you will know what I'm referring to). 
The Duck was interesting. Instead of the typical duck drenched in sugary plum sauce it was prepared as a deconstructed duck with a whole roasted plum. I typically love sweet sauces but this style of preparation was innovative and truly honored the natural flavors of the duck. 
The atmosphere was pleasant, although simple and the server was attentive. Over all, I highly recommend Matyson and look forward to the next time I can eat there.This is probably the best ahi tuna I have ever eaten.  
I also tried the coconut creme pie, which I didn't think was as impressive as other reviewers.  Still delicious.
Wait staff was extremely friendly as well, and being a BYO that accepts credit cards is a huge bonus.After a string of pretty lack-luster reviews of other establishments, perhaps my Yelp fans think I've grown cynical and unapproachable in my foodie snobbiness, but Maytson bring the planets back into alignment in a charming atmosphere well located north of Rittenhouse Square, with friendly and efficient service, and amazing food.
The smash hit of the evening was the appetizers - especially the grilled octopus and the goat-cheese gnocchi.  Worth a return trip JUST for that.  And the chocolate brownie semifreddo was life changing as well, easily shared by the four of us at dinner that evening.   Matyson will go on to our regular list I'm sure!  In our top three of Philly BYOBs!I chose Matyson for my birthday dinner.  The good reviews, interesting menu plus the fact that it's a byo influenced my decision.  It was just my husband and myself on a Saturday night.  The small dining room was filled and our table was tiny.  It didn't feel too crowded; the ambience was okay.  Nothing remarkable.  The service was pretty slow and we received several apologies about the kitchen's being backed up.  
We had the tuna tartare and octopus as our first courses; duck and scallops for entrees.  Everything tasted wonderful, and the chef is highly skilled.  Each bite was heavenly.  Unfortunately, the portions were miniscule.  I am not a big eater, but my husband is.  I left wanting more and he left still hungry.  We did not order from a tasting menu, but that is certainly what it felt like.  We skipped dessert since we didn't think the portion sizes would be any bigger.
With tip, dinner was around $115 - not high for a gourmet restaurant in Philly, but overpriced considering the miserly amount of food on the plates.Matyson has been a stalwart, dependable, first-rate BYOB choice in the city for years and I always enjoy the cogently conceived and  beautifully executed special menus there.  This week, the popular "Lobster" themed menu is back and this being Monday, when many other of my favorite restaurants are closed, I took a couple of friends out for the Lobster indulgence.
Expectations and actual experience are an important indicator of how one feels after a restaurant meal and today's dinner was no exception of that rule:  I expected high quality cooking, the results exceeded those expectations in execution and sophisticated tastes.  While generous pieces of perfectly cooked lobster made their presence known in all of the courses except dessert, the inventive dishes would have been a hit even without the addition of lobster.  In order they were:
1.  Pumpkin Seed Soup - Barley, squash, mint
2.  Potato Gnocchi - Bottarga, crème fraiche, citrus ash
3.  Chawanmushi - Foie gras, mushroom, pear, parsnip
4.  Veal Sweetbread - Curry, cauliflower, almond, leek
5.  Bananas Foster Poundcake - Vanilla ice cream
The soup was really wonderful in texture and intensity of tastes, the gnocchi light and a beautiful match for the large pieces of succulent lobster.  Chawanmushi - a Japanese expression meaning "steamed in a tea bowl" - brought an intensely flavorful egg custard that, besides the traditional Japanese ingredients of shiitake mushrooms, soy sauce, dashi, and mirin, also included  a couple of seared foie gras pieces.  An absolutely fabulous dish.  The almond crusted sweetbreads were paired perfectly with a smooth cauliflower puree.  For $2 extra, you can choose any dessert on the menu but the featured dessert is always interesting and tasty.
"Lobster" dinner ($45 for five courses) runs through Thursday, go try it and become a fan of Chawanmushi and of Matyson.Heard great things for years...hard to believe I have missed this spot in my 2+ years here in the city.  I finally got over there a couple of weeks ago with a group of 7 and (from what I remember, as quite a bit of wine had already been consumed) I really liked this place.  The food was eclectic and maybe even a little too off the radar for my taste, but it all came together really nicely.  Definitely a great vibe and and interesting art throughout.
BYO. Delicious.  Classy.  Matyson is a delight.  Five on the buttertown scale.We got the kale salad, tuna special, and scallops. I'd recommend everything we tasted. Excellent service and ambience. Great for a special date.On my last visit
food quality had declined
Our dinner was mixedProbably the most dependable restaurant in the city.  Matyson puts out exceptional food every time I visit.  Service is solid.  Decor nice if a little boring.  Space can be cramped occasionally.
You will probably not have a "meal of a lifetime" type experience here, but you're always happy you made the decision to come.  They excel at all types of food (fish to pasta to game), and change well with the seasons (Fall is their best for my money).  Go, take friends, and expect to be satisfied.This is hands down the greatest restaurant in the city. 
Innovative, collaborative (Moore Bros. new recommendations on menu!) and every other pitch word you can throw out- this place is it. Fresh, amazing constantly changing menu.  The chef is an artist. Or a mad food scientist. I cant decide but I eat here roughly 1-2 times a month. I wish I could eat here every night. My gawd.
And the service, well they hire the nicest people there. Either that or the greatest actor- which wouldnt bother me in the slightest because they make me feel so damn important. They all also have the best glasses. total side note i know. 
Kale salad= amazing
Always have someone at your table go for the tasting menu, even if you are iffy just so you can share some of the magic. 
The brunch menu..... pretty stellar.this was my second outing at matyson.  my first was delicious, and the four of us enjoyed a wonderful meal.  
last night, however, was disappointing.  we went for their heirloom tomato tasting menu.  the menu itself was contemporary and creative, but the execution was underwhelming.  it seemed as if the chefs in the kitchen were more interested in cranking plates out than presenting good dishes.  
that being said, the service was terrible.  you would think if they're offering a tasting menu they have enough hands and ingredients to deliver the courses in a timely fashion.  we were there for almost a full two hours and the amount of time between courses seemed to be a bit ridiculous.  
i will say our actual server was very attentive and seemed genuinely interested in us enjoying our meal, and even offered for us to have one of our desserts off the regular menu to have some variety.  all in all, though, we were bummed.  i am not sure if we will ever be back.Came here for the Boyfriends birthday dinner. Service was really nice & pleasant and we didn't feel rushed to order or eat but they did check on us throughout our dinner. The flavor on the food was really good, just wished the portion was a bit bigger. But all in all the food was good and the flavors went so well together and the presentation was nice. I had requested ahead of time when I made the reservation on opentable to see if they could put a candle on my boyfriends dessert for his birthday and I am very happy they remembered and it was a nice touch to for his birthday dinner.Awesome place. Very unassuming looking. And the food was prepared like that of a very fine restaurant. Very delicately prepared and high quality. Awesome.Matyson is delicious!  I went for a work team dinner on a Tuesday around 8pm and was a little worried because of the limited menu.  All 6 of us decided to do tasting menu with a few appetizers to start (veal sweetbreads and brussel sprouts).  I LOVED the brussel sprouts but wish there was less meat and more brussel sprouts.
The waitresses explained everything as they brought it out and it was yummy. My favorite dish was the Porcini Parpadelle (i'm sure i'm spelling that wrong but don't feel like looking it up) and Banana Bread Pudding. Yummers!  Mucho compliments to the chef(s).  Also, as an fyi, you can substitute your dessert from the tasting menu for an addtl $2.
It's a tiny little place, surprised we got reservations for the same day.  This place is BYOB, but there is a wine/liquor store less than 2 blocks away on Chestnut - Thank. Goodness!Soooo good.  I went 6 years ago and it was very loud.  Seems as though they've put up sound treatments to dampen the loudness, and admittedly it was a monday night so there were less people.  Staff was wonderfully accommodating for my 6 year anniversary.  
  Tasting menu was creative, went across all genres and foods, took some chances, and each chance payed off.  It was all based on a theme, "the egg," but it included caviar, and robin's eggs, and each plate was an absolute success.  Amazingly light for "the egg."
  Definitely the best meal I've ever had.I'd go again in a heartbeat. Just the right balance of upscale dining in friendly warm intimate atmosphere.  The scallops with short rib and kale was outstanding.Oh, Matyson, where to begin?  With the delightful, welcoming dining room?  The byob-ness, enabling us to get a reasonably priced bottle of wine from the store around the corner to enjoy with our meal?  Or maybe the right way, with the appetizers, the perfectly grilled cheese accompanying watermelon slices, a savory dish of dessert ingredients that, as fi pointed out, made perfect use of the incredibly unique texture of watermelon.  Maybe with the avocado mousse accompanying melt-in-your mouth sashimi.  The entrees too were amazing, the look of delight on fi's mouth as he enjoyed the steak thrilling.  And, of course, the dessert, a white chocolate key lime tart the perfect ending.  Service was spot-on, the perfect balance of attentiveness without being overbearing.  Matyson, thank you for so much deliciousness.I recently went to Matyson with my parents - had wanted to try this place for a while, but when it's on my dime I tend to pick slightly less expensive BYOs :)
The restaurant is very cozy, in a good way. One note: our waitress was a little "annoying" at times. I hate to use that word, but it really is the most accurate one. When we sat down she brought our menus and told us the specials, which was great. But then she just stood there, waiting for us to order I guess? We told her we needed a few more minutes, which didn't seem like it should've been necessary to say considering we'd just been handed the menus, but she still stood there staring and smiling at us! We ended up opening a bottle of wine ourselves, pouring a glass and toasting before she walked away. Awkward to say the least. Plus, while it didn't contribute to my overall star rating, we had told the waitress it was someone's birthday. We didn't order any desserts on our own, but it would have been nice to have something with a candle in it brought out (we would've gladly paid for it, though with a check of over $200 I do think the nice thing would've been to offer it free of charge). Alas, no birthday dessert at all.
But I digress. The food was tasty, the service was (honestly) solid and the meal was enjoyable overall. I won't be running back super soon, if only because of the price and the fact that I have tons of other restaurants in Philly I'm dying to try. But certainly worth a visit if you've been thinking about stopping by.DELICIOUS!!!! I'm sold. Matyson is a great BYO. The decor is lovely and romantic, the matre d' was charming, and the food was fabulous. I recommend beginning your meal with the fois gras. Our waiter was a little spacey, but pretty attentive. I think that the price is on point with the quality of the meal. They also have great lunch specials!Let's talk about brunch.  I hate to let out the secret but this is one of the best brunch places in Philly.  The brunch menu is delicious and reasonably priced (the hash and kale salad are fantastic; fried chicken and waffles was a bit of a crispy hit or miss).  I think that their homemade bagels are better than Spread's.  And they usually create one super weird but delicious bagel every week that alone is worth the trip (wasabi cream cheese?  what!).  
And it's usually never too busy to get an impromptu table.  So instead of standing in front of whatever waiting 45 minutes in the cold for a table on Sunday morning, give Matyson a shot for brunch.Food was great-fresh and unique.  Service was attentitive.  An ovearll memorable experience and I am looking forward to returning there.Wonderful place. Cozy ambiance, interesting creative and delicious food, nice professional service, BYOB and a great value for all the above. Definitely return any chance we get.I've been here a number of times and it's always great. This past Saturday night 8/23/14 was the best yet! They have a new sous chef, BV Nguyen. This guy is really talented and will definitely be a nice addition to the kitchen. The Foie Gras Torchon was as delicious as it was beautiful.. a great way to start off. The Halibut was hands down the best I've ever had and the chicken was a close second. Our server made it a special night as well. All in all I can't say enough about this place! 
Thanks guys!I love living in Philly because of great BYOBs like Matyson.
I heard great reviews of this place from several people, including some from NYC, so I decided to try it out with my bf. 
I was a bit disappointed at first because we made a reservation for 9:15 and they didn't have a table ready when we got there, but we got seated right around 9:25 so I didn't care too much.
The service was great; our waitress was very friendly and had great recommendations to make for us. None of the appetizers jumped out to me but she recommended the kale appetizer so we decided to try it. What a great idea! The description on the menu doesn't do it justice; this appetizer is amazing. I highly recommend trying it, especially if you like quinoa. 
For entrees, I got the scallops and my boyfriend got the skatewing. We loved both! My entree came with 3 scallops, which were accompanied with delicious mushrooms and cauliflower. It was excellent! My boyfriend's skatewing was delicious also. 
I would skip dessert. My boyfriend got the pecan tart and I got the creme brulee. I really didn't like my creme brulee because it was sort of bitter. My boyfriend's pecan tart was better but I still wasn't a huge fan, though he liked it and finished the entire thing.
I would definitely come back here but would probably skip dessert.if I could eat here every week for the rest of my life I would be the happiest person in the world...I would order the coconut cream pie each and every time with a cup of their delicious coffee.My wife and I had our anniversary dinner here at 8:30pm on an October Friday.  We made reservations though Open table so we were able to walk right in an sit down.  Like everyone says the place is tiny.  We had a table for two in the rear middle of the room but did not feel too squashed and soon forgot about the other tables around us.  It was noisy but was more energetic to me than overly annoying.
We elected to get two small plates and a main course and skipped desert.  The portions were perfect and the waitress made helpful suggestions as to what main dishes to order with our small plates so we would not get overly stuffed and she was spot on.  We had the foie gras and a spicy beat salad that were both delicious and complimented each other well.  We then had a carrot soup that was a special and  the kale salad.  I usually do not get too excited about salads but both the beat and the kale salad were some of the most unique and flavorful salads I have had.  We then had the sea bass and diver scallops for our entrees.  Both cooked perfectly and were not overly filling.  The pork dish sounded amazing but the waitress indicated it was a larger portion and may be too filling with our two starters.
We both loved our meals and would come back again.  The wait staff was pleasant and attentive and we never felt rushed.  The waitress also was very forthcoming with her favorites and did not steer us wrong.  The fact it is a BYOB made this an affordable meal for the quality of the food.Atmosphere is good, service was top notch, meal was amazing. Mushroom soup followed up with the sea bass and the tiramisu. 
Now on to the pork chop. This is where it gets interesting. I am not a fan of nor would I ever order the pork chop. By recommendation I snatched a bite from my friends plate and let me tell you, it was hands down the best pork chop I have ever had in my life. 
Highly recommended. I will be back.disappointment is always compounded by great expectations. 
We have been coming here for years and always had very nice meals. The previous time we came it was OK - we figured we didn't connect with the seasonal menu but we came again with another couple and it was just a big let down.
We arrived twenty minutes early for our reservation on a Saturday night  because we got lucky with parking. The hostess suggested we go to the bar next door. We saw the waiting area was free so we asked her to open one of our bottles and had some champagne while we waited. As we were waiting, we saw a few tables being seated all came after us and were seated before us. By the time we got our table it was 20 minutes late to the reservation.
When we finally were seated we had to wait quite a while for a visit from our server and ask another server for bread service as we were feeling the wine. Our server was very serious and short, did not describe any of the dishes and when was very short in general.
On to the menu - we started with Escargot that arrived with chicken liver ravioli and some tasteless sauce and either raisins or cranberries or cherries, not sure what it was but we did not like it. The chicken ravioli was runny and did not related to the escargot in any way and the dried fruit was just out of place. 
We also tried the smoked sweetbreads with amaranth it was very gritty and extremely salty, almost like it had sand in it. We had an arugula salad which was not bad.
Entrees - we had four on the table, the Skate Cheek which was too salty to eat, the crispy kale next to it was very good. 
We also had the light scallops which came with short rib that were very nice.
The strip steak was cooked to temperature, the chimichurri that came with it was too acidic and since it was already on the steak there was nothing to do.
We also ordered two desserts for the table - that were very good, a great crème burlee and Coconut cream pie.
So - Matyson, thanks for the years of great food and service it was nice while it lasted.This cozy little BYO just off Chestnut Street has consistently great food. Perfect for a quiet dinner with close friends. The beef cheek is highly recommended!We had a wonderful experience! Our party of five all left extremely happy!
As starters, we shared the Lobster Ramen, Goat Cheese Gnocchi, Snow Pea Salad, Kale Salad and a special - Pork Belly Dumplings. All were phenomenal. 
Our entrees were also delicious. Three members of our party had the Grilled Beef Sirloin. One person had the Wild Striped Bass and I had the Cod. 
The desserts were also AMAZING! 
Our waiter, Lewis, was fantastic and really added to our dining experience. This is a GREAT BYOB and it was the best meal we have all had in a while!Over the past couple months working in Philli I've become a regular here.  Just a fantastic intimate place, with no pretentiousness. Seafood dishes are phenomenal, chefs specials superb, service fantastic.  All in all, one of the best places for a meal in the city.I came here for brunch on a Saturday afternoon because a friend had been raving for weeks. I had the Brioche French Toast and both of my friends ordered poached eggs. My French toast was good, the flavoring paired very nicely, but for brunch it just wasn't anything special. Apparently, brunch is a newer offering for them and we could tell by the fact that we were one of three seated tables. I was told that I am going to have to go back and give it a second try, so I will be updating my review as soon as that occurs.Stranded in Phildelphia on a Monday evening as a result of having to leave our, without power, Union County NJ residence. As a result of perusing Yelp, my wife and I ventured to Matyson and had a thoroughly enjoyable dining experience. 
The menu, while limited, nevertheless offered a nice variety of interestingly composed and well prepared dishes. My sweetbread appetizer and pork cheek entree were both delicious. My wife's smoked salmon appetizer, while well prepared and fine, was not as interesting as my dishes. I loved her arctic char. Our shared dessert was a pumpkin sundae, a nice ending to a terrific meal and nicely sized. All portion sizes were fine. Prices are reasonable and being a BYOB, the check total was very reasonable. Matyson also features a $45.00 prix fixe menu which looked great. Both the ala carte and prix fixe menus are available on its website and will give more detailed information. No problems with service and ambiance. Conclusion: we look forward to returning to Matyson under less stress. Wife and I also walked extensively throughout the Ritttenhouse Square area and there seems to be a multitude of other interesting restaurants. As an aside, my wife and I dine often in Manhattan and were pleased to find so many attractive dining venues in this area of Philadelphia. Highly recommend.This BYOB in Rittenhouse Square has by far  the freshest, most flavorful dishes ever. Since they change their menu every three weeks, you will definitely have a fresh dish. 
We started with the steak tartar, which was amazing. All of the favors work so well together, including the pickled peppers and lime juice. 
I had the barnegat light scallops which had some the most amazing flavor, accompanied with braised short rib. A nice play on the surf and turf. My boyfriend had the duck, which was also amazingly flavorful. 
And the great flavors didn't stop there. The desserts were to die for! Definitely don't skip out on dessert if you make it to matyson!
The best part of the meal was the service. Louis was attentive and we had nice a conversation with him. His recommendations were right on point and he made the experience at Matyson a great one!Don't come here expecting to leave full on $30. This is a pricier BYOB joint but definitely a lot to look forward to. Everything sounds yummy, but expect the portions to be small. It's lovely that they have an ever changing menu, which makes me want to return, but I won't be able to make it back every week for it, cause it will definitely put a hole in my pocket. I'm not sure however whether it's worth it, considering it's location and decor.... and possibly the service. I expected fancier... and I didn't get that feeling.Yum! Went on a double date to do the tasting menu (Mon-Thurs); I believe the theme when we went (a few months ago) was "Wheat-focused," or something of the sort. Basically a celiac's worst nightmare - but so yummy!
it's a BYO, to start off with that plus. We brought a few different bottles to split, and started off with the mini bagel/foie gras. Not a fan of foie gras, but very yummy! The two other pro-foie gras people at the table thought it was just ok... 
I was impressed with most of the dishes, particularly the desserts and the tagliatelli. The tables were a little tiny, and I did feel like we were squished up against the table behind us. But when it comes to the food, I can't wait to go to another tasting menu. Price is ridiculous (ridiculously awesome) for the tasting, and it's a super fun, small, quality food spot. Great happy medium for those that want to go out to dinner and allow the chef to do his thing, but also not too crazy in price or 'fanciness.' 
All four people in our dinner group ordered a different dessert; despite how full we all were, and were also not disappointed. Such a fun night with very tasty food!Matyson is an excellent location for a special dinner. Here are my top three reasons why I love it:
a) they take reservations via Open Table - AWESOME.
b) they are a BYO ... Double Awesome
c) the food is delish with exciting dishes, and everything i have tasted off of others plates was awesome. 
I will say, that the dinner is a TAD expensive when looking at the menu online, but do not let that deter you from eating here, because the service and the food is worth it.
I also came a few weeks ago for a brunch and I was SUPER impressed with the value of the food and how good my food was at brunch. (which is apparently is new). The service was also superb even as we had a huge group for a small location.
Last word... it's super cozy in here on a cold winter night. This place calls my name. Great place for a date if you are looking to shell out the $$$One of my absolute favorite BYO's!  The place has been around for a while now and for good reason.  Matyson delivers unlike almost any othe and it's very reasonably priced for a restaurant in its class.  I can honestly say that in the many times I've dined here, I've never had a bad meal or bad experience.  Reservations stack up somewhat quickly so it's difficult to go here on a whim.  This time I really enjoyed the escargot appetizer and the bronzino entree.This is a solid-to-good restaurant. It has an elegant ambience, the service was pretty good (except server kept calling me Jack because I brought in a bottle of Jack Daniels, which made her think it was my name, which is kind of weird - I've never been called Maker before) and potato-leek soup tasted great, as did their bread and butter.
However, I made the mistake of ordering the NY Strip Steak - now let me be clear, this is not Matyson's fault, it was my mistake because I broke my rule of never ordering steak at a non-steak place. I thought that maybe this is a non-steak place that has good cuts of meat, but alas, while not being bad by any stretch, it's just not top quality steak - I ordered it medium-rare b/c anything else is travesty, so it's not like it was overcooked, it just wasn't up to par. 
TL;DR: go and experience it, but probably don't get steakGrab your favoirite person, pick up a nice bottle or two from the Wines/Spirits on 19th and Chestnut and get ready for tastebuds to explode with joy.   Ever changing menu focuses on seasonal american treats, carnivorous friends love porkchop, duck and steak.  The menu has few veggie options for grazers like me, but the staff has always been really accomodating and will make something special.  Definately make a reservation, its always packed, and save room for dessert.We had our New Year's Eve dinner at Matyson and it was memorable but, unfortunately, for the wrong reasons. 
The food was mediocre at best. For my appetizer, I ordered the tortelloni stuffed with duck which was bland and ordinary. All I recall of the taste of the dish is that of semi-cooked pasta dough. For my entree, I ordered the organically raised lamb. The meat was so tough, and I had to chew it with so much effort, it was almost comedic. It was as if I were in an I Love Lucy episode and someone had replaced my lamb with old beef jerky. All that was missing was Ethel Mertz manually moving my jaw up and down so I could finish it. Needless to say there was nothing funny about the price of this meal.
For dessert, I ordered the coconut cream pie which tasted like a boston cream pie with a few shavings of coconut on top. This meal would have been expected if I went to a local diner or perhaps, a Sizzler. The food was an overwhelming dissapointment. 
The most astounding thing about the experience was that the servers, who were all fun, friendly and professional really and TRULY believed in the food. Our server was glowing when she spoke about the chef. The other server gushed over the coconunt cream pie. I felt like I was in an alternate universe. I should have made my displeasure with the meal known at the time but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. It would have been like kicking a puppy or telling an adopted child their birth mother is Aileen Wuornos.Tasting menus are frequently creative.  Understated ambiance, good service.  Occasionally the chef wows me with a truly extraordinary dish.  Sometimes the dishes fall far short though (for a high end restaurant).  It gets 3 stars because for every brilliant dish I've had a mediocre one.  Price is okay for the quality.A great small BYOB north of Rittenhouse that serves good American food. With all the fancy fusion and eclectic restaurants on walnut, this place feels like an escape. A favorite for locals and a great place for dates!Amazing food! We had the tasting menu and it was great! Definitely my new favorite restaurant in Phillycame here for a group dinner with 5 others. this place was great- we made a reservation a couple hours ahead and came in with some wine. they kept our whites chilled which was very nice
i ordered the white fish and it was super tasty! we also shared the berry tart and also key lime pie - both extremely tasty. 
i will come back despite it being a bit pricey.Great little BOYB.  Great seafood dishes. Sit at the hgh table facing the window for great people-watching.This place is nothing short of amazing. I came for a friend's birthday dinner, and we decided to go for the tasting menu - DID NOT REGRET THIS DECISION ONE BIT.
It's BYO, but probably the classiest BYO in Philly. Nothing like Don Memo's, Banana Leaf, or the other BYOs Penn students frequent to get outrageously inebriated. I'm fairly sure that if our party had become raucous, the staff would not have taken it too kindly. We brought two bottles of red wine that went splendidly with our meal.
That being said, the ambience of Matyson is intimate and upscale. You push aside a curtain as you walk in, and there's mandatory coat check (and your coat check card is an actual playing card from a deck, how cute is that?). There are candles on every table, and the lighting is low and romantic. It's the perfect place for a date or a quiet dinner out with friends. 
Onto the food: the ingredient for that week's tasting menu was greens, and each dish was perfectly laid out. Though the portions were tiny, we left feeling full, perhaps because there were five courses. I'm going to go ahead and say that each course was delicious, because it was. 
1. Split pea soup with poppyseed creme fraiche, country ham, and mint
2. Egg noodles with greens and a poached egg on top
3. Striped bass with blue basil, artichoke, fava beans, and tomato
4. Braised veal breast with mascarpone risotto (my favorite course)
5. Chai tea creme brûlée
It's a bit pricey but worth every penny. For a party of four we paid around $200, plus tip.So, so good. Hubby and I went for a date night, and were in love with pretty much everything - food, service, ambiance.
The food: Veal sweetbreads (I didn't want to share....at all.), seared foie gras, halibut (special of the day) and hanger steak. Everything was extremely tasty, yummy and beyond solid. 
Resos are a must. A def must-try again spot.I did go back and of course ordered the exact same dish, it tasted even better this time! I ate so slow because I did not want my dinner to be over. I am in heaven when I am at this restaurant.Nice looking BYOB. We started with three awesome appetizers. We had the asparagus fettucine with smoked mushrooms, spring bean salad served with goat cheese and a lemon chile vinaigrette, and foie gras on banana bread in hazelnut. I am not a foie gras fan but wow was this foie gras good. However, I didn't like either of the entrees my wife and I got. We got the halibut and swordfish. The halibut was way to bland. The swordfish was too fishy and didn't mix well with the sauce it was served in. We did like the mint ice cream sandwich for dessert. The fresh mint was apparent. Overall, I think there are many better BYOBs in a city known for its BYOB scene.Cute BYO... Everything was yummy, I ordered the scollops the bf order the stripe steak and we shared the fries oyster but the best part was dessert, the brownie with ice cream it was chocolate paradise... I gave it four stars because as I'm use to bigger plates for $29 entrees, it was a great bday dinner and the wait staff was greatMost of my issues have been touched on by other people, the food is great, its a nice tight little atmosphere.  Super talented chef for sure...but man the service was lacking, and I'm someone who really is not picky about service.
The waiter was snide and acted uppity because my Mom didn't know what some of the appetizers were (to be fair, nothing on the menu is really a "normal dish").  They dropped the silverware about 10 times...I worked as a waiter for about 5 years and think I dropped silverware once, and when I did I picked it up which these people did not.
When I come into a restaurant and spend 200 at a BYOB for 4 people I expect things to run a little smoother, not be bumped by servers serving the tables next to me and crappy rude waiters.  Can't do less than 3 stars though because of how tasty it was, filet special was delicious.My fiancé and I went here last night to take in the space and taste the food because it's in the running for spaces for our rehearsal dinner. We we're seated immediately upon arrival at a table in the back near the kitchen. The space is pretty small and very tight, but it's very beautifully and the ambiance is great.
We took our normal plan of action and ordered one appetizer and entree each and one dessert. Our wine was opened as poured, but unfortunately that was the last time it was touched by our servers. It's probably just a pet peeve of mine, but when I go to a byob, I want them to pour the wine for us. I know we didn't buy the wine there obviously, but id still like it served. Maybe that's just me being a snob and if it is, my apologies.
Other than that our evening was perfect. We started with the ricotta cavatelli. Amazing! The pasta was incredibly tender and soaked up the duck ragout incredibly well. I loved the kale and the crunchy bits of pistachio were amazing.
Main courses were the Australian rack of lamb and New York strip steak. Perfectly cooked meats complimented amazingly well by delicious greens, veggies and sauces. I especially loved the kick from the jalapeño in the chimichurri sauce on the steak.
Not to be outdone we had the pine nut cake with apricot preserves and vanilla ice cream. Wow. So tasty! A beautiful plate and the taste was perfection. They even removed the dessert from the bill because it took so long to get to us. 
Place is great, check it out!Loved this place. Bring a bottle of your favorite wine, because it's BYOB! Pass on dessert, but really enjoy the appetizers. The kale sounds weird but is delicious. You can't go wrong with any of the entrees here.My husband picked this place for dinner one night after seeing some great reviews on yelp. We don't often dine in center city for dinner but i wanted to try a new place. the service here was the best i have ever had, anywhere. the entire staff was extremely knowledgeable about the food and even wine at this little BYOB. we trusted everything the sever recommended and had an amazing meal and experience at Matyson.I went to Matyson with my boyfriend for a romantic dinner on a Friday night.  Start to finish, this meal was really delicious and enjoyable.  We both really liked the atmosphere... warm and simple.  We started with the chestnut ravioli and the sweetbreads.  Both were savory and delicious.  The sweetbreads were a take on your traditional chinese chicken & broccoli, except the sweetbreads were in a spicy chili sauce with soba noodles and mini broccoli crowns drenched in the sauce. 
We shared for our entrees, the striped bass and the hanger steak.  I thought the portions were just right for sharing.  Both cooked to our liking.
For dessert, we shared the butterscotch cream pudding with house-made whipped cream.  A healthy portion and not too rich.  Service was friendly and not rushed despite the crowds.Good: creativity, flavor and craftsmanship, byo
Bad: server, he was a bit catty and snooty.... Chill out you'll get your tip.
Worst: portions and cost. In fact the whole experience I felt like I was the MAC machine. 
Conclusion: it's a shame because I really did enjoy the dishes but simply not my style or size.ordered rare filet mignon over mashed potatoes. one of the best filets i've ever had! limited menu, but everyone i went with was satisfied w/their meal. def on the list of my fave byobs!What a cute place! 
I recently found a new love for byob's and matyson definitely is keeping my expectations up for the rest of the byob's out there.
The atmosphere is quiet lovely. It's romantic and classy with dimmed lights and candle lights on the table. The space is not so tight like every other cc restaurants but not a huge venue, either. It's a kind of place I wouldn't mind coming with friends and family for a great night out. I wouldn't bring little kids - just not that kind of place. 
Between the two of us, we had beef carpaccio as an appetizer, pork chop and chicken breast for our entreés. The truffle quail eggs were excellent part of the beef carpaccio. Very yummy!!! Pork chop cooked to medium gave the meat so much tenderness and juicy flavors. With herb crusted chicken breast, the meat was done perfectly with all the savory flavors of fig sauce, boiled spinach and cornbread stuffing blending in together to create pure deliciousness on my palate. Yum, yum, yum!
I wasn't a big fan of the dessert but it didn't really matter at that point. I was more than satisfied with everything I had that night. Service is also very non-interruptive yet attentive. 
I would definitely return!!!The food is 5 stars, but the service is a 2. The waitress was unfriendly, could barely crack a smile, and it took her forever to take orders or check in on us. AND the restaurant was not full. The food- the Foie Gras was delightful, the Arugula salad was great and the sweetbreads were great as well. I had mine lamb dish which was unbelievable, and tasted three others: the steak was great, the scallops were so-so and the bass was bland. Then I specifically asked if I should order dessert in advance so they don't run out, and they said there is no need. And then they ran out of what we wanted.There are so many places I want to try in Philly that I don't feel compelled to return given the poor service.You can tell that whoever is behind Matyson really cares about finding, cooking and serving top-notch ingredients in a creative and delicious way. Everything I've eaten here speaks to the chef's deep passion for food and attention to detail - the cooking is flawless.
Vegetarians might be put off by the lack of options on the menu, but at Matyson, it's almost an advantage because they will cook something just for you and it will be awesome. On a slow night, they've asked me what I felt like eating, and the chef made something based on that - exceptional service. Also, if you're out with a few veggies, they make something different for each person, which is thoughtful and appreciated. 
I wish they weren't on the wrong side of the foie gras debate, but that is the only thing I'd change about Matyson. It's fantastic.My friend Sara L. is always talking about this place, and it's around the corner from her office. I had been traveling and had not seen my girls in a bit. So, we decided to have lunch. However, we were having lunch with Little Miss PITA so I was worried. I wanted a nice sit-down lunch where we could all order something. I recalled Sara saying she orders the mushroom hoagie a lot, even though she is a carnivore. 
So, I was surprised when my suggestion of Matyson was not balked at. We all managed to get there about the same time, which was great, because it was cold out and there isn't much room to wait in the restaurant. It's small and cosy, yet very warm and vibrant. Seriously it feels and looks like autumn in there. Like you are inside a leaf. Which is amazing, because the view outside the window is of Famous 4th street and a parking garage! 
The clientele is definitely office workers having business lunches, but you don't feel out of place and anyway I get dressed up to the nines to take the trash out. 
Our waitress was great and continuously refilled my iced tea without asking. The evil bread basket visited our table a few times. Delicious bread and butter.....my weakness. I had steak frites and they were pretty delicious and not ridiculous. The steak frites at Parc are great, but nearly 30 bucks kinda rip off territory. My fave place for steak frites was La Terasse in University City, but RIP La Terasse.  The skirt steak was done perfectly medium. The hotel butter and steak juices were wonderful to drag my fries in. 
I was in heaven, I don't even remember what the girls had....one of them had something vegetarian and was happy....which coming from Miss PITA thats practically awarding the restaurant two michelin stars. Sara also remarked hers was tasty. I was on planet steak, population keep your fork away from my plate. 
We did peruse the desserts, but PITA and I were heading to a coffee shop afterwards to do some work so I knew I might want something elsewhere. 
I would definitely return, and I would even feel comfortable going here alone to savor my lunch in peace. I also would love to come for dinner!There are some days when I wish I was rich. Mostly so I could afford to come to Matyson for dinner once a week, every week. Their weekly tasting menu was out of this world!! -- when we went, it featured corn. Every dish was so well thought out and delicious. We came for brunch before too, and loved the new twists on our Jewish favorites (e.g. homemade fennel bagel with white bean spread...mmm). It's icing on a delicious (proverbial or real) cake that Matyson is a BYO too.Tasty! But pricey. I tried the scallop and short rib w/ creamed corn. Perfectly cooked, but a really small portion for almost $30. If I hadn't had lots of snacks pre-meal, I would have been super hungry a afterwards.
I tried a friends duck which was really done well, and a much larger serving!
Apparently, their menu changes based on what's in season. Im really into that kind of stuff. How snobby / Californian of me. Ha.
For dessert, we all split the galette. I think it was apple, can't remember. Tasty, but nothing special compared to the apps and mains.
Next time I come I want to try the beet salad and foie gras appetizers, looked amazing!I was visiting Philadelphia for the New Year weekend, and we randomly stumbled upon this restaurant. I knew nothing about it except that the pub next door recommended it to us when we were having a drink there right before. We got a bottle of wine, and went over to Matyson. We ordered the foie gras, the bone marrow, and the ahi tuna & pork chop entrees. Quite honestly, everything was decent, but not spectacular. I was really looking forward to trying the foie gras--I'm from California and it's now banned there--and although it was tasty, it may have just been the banana bread it was served along with that I found more delicious. Bone marrow is probably one of my favorite dishes to eat and serving it with the fermented black bean completely masked the delicious, fatty flavor of the bone marrow. The only dish that I'd reorder again was the pork chop. In any case, at the very least, I had a fun time in the city.I just can't stop raving about Matyson.  Just had lunch today - House made pappardele with kale and shortribs.  Delectable.  
Go there NOW!Met a friend for lunch here- my first time.  The service is friendly and the food is very fresh.  Creative ingredient combinations, but not over the top.  I ordered the kale salad which was absolutely delicious.  The 'small' was very filling.  It had a light dressing, a little quinoa, small cubes of butternut squash, and I think pumpkin seeds.  Tasty and nutritious is a double win.  I look forward to going back.One of the best restaurant and most original BYOB in Philly.
Their weekly special (get their email and you'll salivate during the week end)My husband and I had the argula salad and halibut entree.  Both were inventive and very tasteful.  We dine out frequently and my husband commented that this was the best meal he has had in a while. Service was professional and pleasant.  The venue was relaxing; on the small side but tables were adequately spaced.
The only slight negative is that from my seat the line of sight leads into an unslightly  kitchen/service area which slightly detracts from the mood. Would suggest a door or curtain.My Monday night became an impromptu dinner party at Matyson with for the most part a group of strangers. Not sure if it was the plain ambiance or just the casual appeal but Matyson truly offered a most memorable night. Service was very accommodating and relaxed. Most BYOBs tend to have a rushed atmosphere. Monday night at Matyson was quite the contrary, we were not rushed or uncomfortably pressured out the door like most places. We were seated around 9:30pm, and what felt like a loud bustling atmosphere was later drowned out by the dim lighting (cheesy I know) and fluidity of the place. The neutral appeal to the ambiance lends itself to a cool and laxed atmosphere for some nice wines and intriguing conversation. Hopefully, this is the same experience one would receive on a busier night as well. As for the food, I thought that everything was well thought out and beautifully plated. Flavor concepts were classic with a modern touch, a lot of four dimensional fusion as I would call it. You will see crosses between different ethnic cuisine styles all across the menu, but there is also overlapping of techniques that seems to be prevalent in the menu. The pigtails were crispy and heavy but over a light bed of ramps which added filled out the crunch with a layer of crisp. Subtleties, in the fusionability and cross-techniques made for some delicious and interesting flavor experiences. Despite how interesting or modern things were from the menu, I must say that there is dissect. The entrees were overwhelmingly more delicious than the appetizers in our group consensus. Going for an assortment of meats, we tried the halibut, lamb, scallops, and chicken. I can't say that I have ever had in a family style eating situation enjoy every piece of protein that was put on my plate. All equally cooked to perfect done-ness and texture. A definite fan of this place and looking forward to seasonal menu changes.Mmm how I love the BYOB scene in Philadelphia.
Matyson is great. Between my bf and I we ordered one Chinese New Year Tasting menu + Striped bass
The striped bass made me so happyy I love that crispy skin, with the succulent flaky melt in your mouth bass. Fish cooked right is just bliss
I thoroughly enjoyed the Tasting Menu! Everything was great. Portion sizes are small, but through 5 courses it's more than enough food! Can't wait to go back to try some moreCreative
 New tasting menu every week! That alone is impressive.
I was in Philly for getaway  and was taken here for dinner. The food was adventuresome and amazing. Being from the San Francisco Bay Area Ive eaten at my fair share restaurants and was surprised by the quality and creativity.:   I know I've said this about others before, but I LOVE this place. BYOB.  Owned by husband and wife team, Sonya and Matt Spector (hence the name, Mat-y-Son, Matt Y Sonya), they serve smaller portioned New American dishes the best!  They no longer participate in Restaurant Week, but maybe in the future.  I have NEVER had anything less than spectacular at Matyson.  If you sign up for their e-mail list, they will send you a weekly tasting menu that has a fun theme (on the first week of spring, the theme is eggs; one week it will be all Lancaster County produce) that will run $45 for 5 courses Monday through Thursday.  The dishes are very simple,but unusual pairings that work.  Matyson is my sure-fire, go-to place. Not too fancy but really refined. Lunch is nice as well.Awesome BYOB - for appetizers, the bone marrow with caramelized onions are like nothing I've ever had before.  They also know how to make an excellent foie gras!  For the main course, I had the gnocchi scallops - the scallops were roasted to a perfect crisp, with sweet cauliflowers on the side.
Though secondary for me, the decor and service were excellent as well.  The walls were decorated with paintings of food (very appropriate), and even in busy times the staff is very attentive and offer honest recommendations about their own preferences.One of the best restaurants I've been to in Philadelphia. Great for couples, but I've seen larger groups dine in comfort. 
BYOB service, helpful waitstaff and an INCREDIBLE tasting menu Monday-Thursday.I went for an anniversary dinner with my special friend at Matyson and it was perfect.  Everything that I tried was delicious, I am very certain that if I closed my eyes and pointed at the menu, I would end up with something memorable and tasty.
To start, we shared the Arugula Salad.  It was served with seasonal beans, whipped ricotta, pine nuts, and peach vinaigrette.  There was lots going on it what we thought would be a simple salad.  The whipped ricotta under that salad worked perfectly with the fruity taste of the vinaigrette.
For an entree, she had the Cobia (served with crab mayo, tomato compote, watercress, apple, avocado).  I tried a couple bites of this, and it was terrific, great texture, the fish paired well with the several sauces on the plate that you could combine or try one at a time.  The only thing that did not land for me was the crab mayo, but just don't use it.
I had the Pork & Clams (served with manila clams, pork shoulder, chorizo, charred tomato, fennel).  This was a prefect dish.  The pork taste was prominent, but matched well by the clams, each bite lead to a deeper flavor profile.
For dessert, we had the White Chocolate Key Lime Semifreddo (served with blueberry compote and mango sauce) and the house made pineapple caramel ice cream.  The semifreddo was thick, tart, and delicious.  The pineapple caramel ice cream was dense and sweet.  The chef needs to seriously think about making some pineapple upside down cake to pair this ice cream with.  It was all phenomenal.
All in all, the service was friendly, the setting was dark and intimate.  There wasn't much of a crowd at 9 pm on a Thursday.  The food can't be beat.
BYOBMatyson never fails to impress. 
A tiny BYO, I wouldn't recommend it for large groups. Matyson is really intimate and great for date nights, though it can get a bit loud.
Today was maybe the fifth time I've been but my first time having lunch. It was less crowded than I thought it would be and our group of five were seated comfortably. The service was a little bit slower than I would have liked but it's only because I feel guilty if I take a lunch that lasts longer than an hour. (To be fair, we were out in an hour and ten minutes, not terrible. I still had to trek back to work eight blocks away, though.)
I had an asparagus soup, a special, and it was creamy and rich. I had a fried calamari appetizer as my main course and it was just fine. Boyfriend had a barbecue pork sandwich that looked good and truffle fries - amazing. (A friend got some type of shrimp salad and was having a gastrorgasm as he bit into the sparse but delicious shrimp. He actually said - and I quote - "I want to remember this moment for the rest of my workday.")
Like Victor said - do yourself a favor and go to Matyson if you haven't already been.Gosh Darn you Matyson.  I have set a goal to try to give more negative reviews - I have too many positive ones.  What can I say, if something is only "meh" I don't write about it.  Well Matyson isn't helping me reach my goal.  
Last night, two friends introduced me to this GEM.  It was our first standout meal since moving to Philadelphia a few weeks ago.  
First, we made a reservation for 8pm.  When we arrived late (around 8:20) I was pleasantly surprised to see our table awaiting us.  I expected a slight scolding given that other than this one table the place was full - but no New York attitude was dealt at all.  In its place there was a amazonian goddess who showed us to our table.  Given her blindingly good looks, I prepared myself for an evening of snooty service and judgmental looks when I asked for dessert.  My expectations were dashed - our server was SO sweet, so knowledgeable.  Ick - nice and pretty...gross.
Then there was the meal.  I dined in a party of 4.  We each ordered one app, entree, and shared 2 desserts.  We rotated each dish from person to person with - what our neighbor table coined "German efficiency"  I'll also take this as a moment to comment about some criticisms about the size of the restaurant.  I've been to inappropriately small restaurants (see Graffiti, nyc).  Matyson is cozy.  We made friends with the table next to us.  They gave us great recommendations for other restaurants to try.  But if we had wanted to ignore them, we could easily have done so.  
Every single bite was incredible but here were the specifics:
Apps
Grilled Octopus - well cooked, delicious
Foix Gras Ravioli - If I die tomorrow, I will be happy because I ate one of these raviolis last night.  I supposed it would be difficult to screw up ravioli filled with fat but I had just never thought of it so wow
Sweetbreads - not as memorable, but I had never had them before so check that one off my bucket list.
Lamb Belly - also a must try
Entrees:
Halibut - what is the sauce this dish comes with?  Its miso-truffle and its heaven.  My favorite entree.
Chicken - I don't normally order chicken at nice restaurants because,  you know, its chicken.  It was good, though, for chicken.
NY Strip - Second favorite, cooked to perfection.
Duck - maybe this one was a little salty for my liking...but still delish
Dessert: 
Blueberry Galette - have this.
Mint Ice Cream Sandwich
Come to Matyson.  Make new friends, eat a fantastic meal, oggle the lovely staff - discretely though, come on...have a little class.  :)  You won't regret it.Very enjoyable....excellent service and such unique food choices.  You need to go at least once!Philadelphia foodies take note. This restaurant offers a modern take on french cuisine in an intimate setting. Service was excellent and the food was delicious. We will be back.If the following story didn't happen I would give them 4 stars. But why 2 stars?
TL; DR. Got scallops: ~$30 for 3 pieces. Came overcooked (first time), then undercooked (second time), then re-cooked to overcooked again (third time). 
THE FIRST TIME:
I got the scallops. It arrived overcooked and was basically rubber.
I hesitantly sent it back. I was surprised glad that the service was very prompt and apologetic. I'm usually hesitant to send things back, and very rarely do ... except for when the problem is egregious... If scallops are "overcooked", I normally wouldn't send it back... but these were *extremely* overcooked and for ~$30 for 3 pieces, I expect good scallops.
A NEW HOPE:
The replacement came within 5 minutes. I thought they must have given me someone else's scallops; and if not, I was super impressed by their promptness. But, in Gordon Ramsay's voice, they were "STONE COLD"! The center of all 3 pieces were raw and cold. This time, no hesitation to send it back. Plain and simple they were stone cold raw. I told the wait staff, "please don't remake the rest of the dish, just the scallops, don't waste the other food". 
THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK:
When I saw the waiter come back again in under 5 minutes... this time I was worried.
Keep in mind, I had cut up each of the 3 scallops to find that they were "STONE COLD" in the center.  The replacement came back with 8 scallop pieces! You may think, WOW.. they gave you more pieces! No... they just took the scallops that I had cut up to find the cold centers... and just re-cooked them (I'm guessing microwaved), since there was no seared edge on the cut-open surfaces. And again.. it was overcooked. I wasn't surprised.
At this point, no apology. No check-in by our waiter/manager/etc to see if it was better. I was charged for the dish. Well, I did end up eating it because I was hungry. So I didn't make a ruckus about paying for it. But the gesture to comp the dish would have been nice.
THERE WILL BE NO RETURN OF THE JEDI:
I have no problem paying $30 for scallops, but at least do it correctly.
The rest of the dishes that I shared were fine, not anything to rave about, but not bad.
I've had a yelp account since 2007. Never really found the need to post anything, until going to Matyson tonight. That should say something.The restaurant itself is just adorable, nice and cozy and dimly lit. Usually when I go out I get a few apps just to get a feel of the food they offer. We had 4 apps and split an entree: every app was absolutely delicious! The entree, however, was absolutely disappointing! We split the monkfish, and while the description sounded delightful, the monkfish came out looking like a piece of fish-and-chips from the pub round the corner!! So disappointed! 
I would probably go back at some point to try another few apps, but not anytime too soonI've been hearing wonderful reviews about Matyson for a long time, so I was obviously excited to find out we were going. Truthfully, I was underwhelmed.  
The service was less than impressive. Our waitress was hard to hear and did an inadequate job of describing the specials. When I asked for a suggestion, she deflected back to me and didn't help at all.
As for the food, the overall consensus was that each dish had its highs and lows. Ingredients are used in interesting and creative ways. I had the special tomato soup, which I was expecting to be a bisque, but instead was was a tomato and chickpea soup. I liked it, but had I been able to hear the description properly, I wouldn't have ordered it.  I also tried a bite of the squid ink linguini, which I enjoyed. It was light and lemony. For my entree, I ordered the bass, sans olives. It was fine, nothing special.
Onto dessert. Everything on the dessert menu sounded delicious, but I decided on the ice cream of the day: Corn and Black Pepper. Well, it turns out it was actually Corn OR Black Pepper. Anyway, the corn ice cream was delicious. Kind of like a creamed corn flavor, only smooth and rich. I loved it.
My Matyson experience could have been a four, or five star review, if not for the service.We had a $50 cert that we bought for $25 and was expiring.
It was good we had one because now we know we don't need to go back. VERY disappointing. Portions tiny for prices they charge. We had no appetizers ($12-15) My partner had Branzino and I had the small strip steak. Both were tasty but not huge portions and $28.00 each. (I saw a woman order a Scallop Dish for her entree. The large bowl had ONE scallop with sauce and that was it. I Hope she wasn't hungry. Desserts - though homemade - at $9 each are absurd. Still our bill with just two entrees, tax and tip was $69.00. less the $25.00 discount on $50 cert. was just okay. Ended up at Scoop deVille for dessert.
The Cocoanut Pie that we used to love was not on the menu. The "tasting menu" is $45.pp but nothing opn it called our name. 
Thankfully this is a BYOB.
The air circulation was poor. We learned that this is not same chef owner that we loved 10 years ago.Matyson is one of my all time favorite special lunch spots. I don't get here that often, but when I do I almost always get the mushroom hoagie, with a green salad (the fries are lovely too, but I really like the dressing on the salad). Its a wonderful sandwich, with spinach and some sort of caramelized onion-y type sauce. Definitely a favorite.  They also occasionally have a cheese steak as a special that's definitely worth a look.  Soups are good, and the black bean is particularly tasty. Service is good, if a little chilly sometimes. I haven't had dessert recently, but the pineapple upside down cake of a few years ago I still remember. Overall, a solid spot with good value and a nice atmosphere.Even though Matyson was on my "Philly Bucket List" for a BYOB dinner, I chose this restaurant for a lunch birthday for a friend. Matyson is not your fast-paced lunch appointment; this place is good for a client meeting or special occasion. The decor is simple, but intimate, and the servers are courteous and not intrusive. The food is executed with care. The smell: straight up truffle when you walk in. :)
For lunch, we tried:
- Crispy Calamari: the sweet soy sauce was great, but the dish in general felt oily. The calamari itself was the most tender calamari I had in this type of dish.
- Steak Frites: though I asked for medium, the steak came out medium rare (don't judge, I had a pregnant person with me). The frites were good, and the parmesan truffle fries were AMAZING!
- House Made Pasta: do not remember much except it had pork belly and brussel sprouts. I remember thinking it was a bit bland.
- Almond Crepe: very good
- Coconut Creme Pie: very good, especially the toasted coconuts on top
I had humungous expectations, but they weren't met. Still, this means a 4 star because the food was still great. I can't wait to come back for dinner!After much hype, I finally went here last night. AMAZING. The food was great. The staff was friendly (particularly Tavis, who has been there from the beginning). We started with mushroom soup and leek soup, which were both delicious. The mushroom soup had a deep almost smokey taste to it. For entree, I got monkfish with brussels sprouts, celery root, apple and bacon mash in mustard sauce, while my date got the duck "pho" style (I can't remember the exact ingredients, but it was very yummy). Unfortunately we didn't have room for dessert afterwards, but Tavis highly recommended the butterscotch, so I'll have to go back soon. Overall, a lovely experience.Delicious food -- especially the sea bass.  Relaxed atmosphere.  It is three dollar signs but the BYOB more than makes up for that.  Unlike other popular restaurants in center city, we didn't feel like we were being rushed out at all.  Will definitely come back again soon.Matyson makes me question every other 5 star I've awarded on Yelp. THIS PLACE is as GOOD AS IT GETS. A few things you should know about Matyson before I tell you about the simply wonderful courses we indugled...
A. Make a Reservation
B. Bring Something to Drink (anything goes, we brought wine and beer; the table next to us had bottles of vodka)
C. Credit Cards accepted
D. Try as Many Things as Possible
Usually, when my favorite person in the world and I go out to eat, it's kind of a rule that I won't allow us to get the same thing. How can you try a little bit of everything that way? That rule had to be broken at Matyson, because the Brussel Sprout (with Venison) appetizer was WAY too amazing to share. Anything topped with an egg is usually a quick way to win me over, but this was superb. For dinner, Kev had the duck and I had the ahi tuna. It was truly amazing. For dessert, we shared the upside down pineapple cake with ginger ice cream. I dare you to name one other restaurant where this dessert is on the menu. You probably can't... It was fantastic.
We had a 9:30 reservation and the ambiance was perfect. Our waiter was hospitable and very helpful in discussing the menu. 
NO lie, we genuinely wanted to go back the next night. We opted for our favorite Cuban place instead, seeing as how that was the ONLY place that could compete with Matyson after Friday night. Well done.Though spelled strangely, this place shares a name with a city in Wisconsin and the mermaid in "Splash."    I don't get it.
The food here is good.   The fish is always flaky, light, and slightly buttery.   I think their dessert is their strongest suit.  It always looks too pretty to eat.   It's easy to pick out what you want just by looking at neighboring tables and what they are having.
Because they are seated right next to you about a foot away.Just visited Matyson for the first time and we loved it. The place was small but cozy. Dark and intimate. Perfect for our anniversary dinner. The service was great with many people around constantly filling water and clearing dishes. We enjoyed the goat cheese gnocchi appetizer and my cobia entree was cooked perfectly. Even though it came with five different sauce/compotes on the plate they came together wonderfully with the fish. My husband had pork and clams and his was also delicious. We ordered peanut butter chocolate layer cake for dessert. The cake was good, a little dry but with the whipped cream and peanut sauce it was very good.Have only gone here to pick up a take out order of their coconut cream pie.  It was incredibleAfter the first time we dined here we were dreaming about coming back. Unfortunately this experience wasn't as great mostly because of over sweetened desserts (peach/blueberry crisp and plum tart) and unremarkable entrees (Lamb and gnocchi). In case of Gnocchi the sauce was way over sweetened too. All the rest of the food was great, the service was nice, but the food flaws did spoil the experience for us this time. We still plan to go back hoping it was just one bad day in the kitchen.This place is amazing!  I use to live around the corner from Matyson and I can't believe I didn't go there sooner.  The menu changes all the time so its hard to recommend anything specific.  Lets just say that everything I tried there was super tasty.  
It's a BYOB so don't forget to bring along a bottle of wine.  I was able to sit there enjoying my wine, the company, and the delicious food.  The service was great and even though I was there for over an hour, I never felt rushed. 
The only downside to this place is the price.  Because of the price, I can't eat here everyday so its only saved for special occasions.  But every dollar spent there is so worth it!Two important points upfront, BYOB and don't bring your AMEX. Now that part aside lets get on with what was one of the better meals I have had in the great city of Philadelphia. 
I went for the weekly coursing (5 removes for 45$, a bargain) this week was all about mushrooms and man was it great. Each course looked like the perfect build up. 
A nice salad (not that nice or I would remember what it was, but it was good). Then a dish with much anticipation 4 of my favorite things in one dish! Fava beans, Gnocchi, Bacon, Escargo! great dish if not for the crumbles of the bacon adding a funny 'grit' to the dish, that aside it was a great dish.
Now the best part off my night, no the best part of my trip to Philly. The scallop dish might never be forgotten by me. It is really easy to screw up scallops, it is also really easy to take the easy road and do them simple. Nay to simple, these scallops were hard seared (crispy) and delivered  as buttery, heavenly bites from my fork to my mouth. BRAVO! the bet cooked scallops I have eaten!
The following dish was lamb and honestly it was a bit tough, the pea puree was delightful. 
Followed with enormous portions of truffle.
overall a treat and great eating experienceSimple dishes, but very well done.  I had the spicy chicken ramen and the brussel sprouts appetizer.  Both were VERY flavorful and reasonably priced.Took my boyfriend for his birthday.  It was the first time for both of us.  Server took our order (an appetizer and two entrees) and we then waited 45 minutes for her to come back tell us that she forgot our order!  We weren't offered anything, not even an apology.  Food was ok once it came, but everything else was such a disappointment for the special occasion.  Sorry but there are too many incredible restaurants in Philadelphia that also have great service.Fantastic!! Took the recommendation of our server and went for the special - Pan Roasted Tilefish with lentils in a mild curry sauce, and it was delicious. Husband had the Filet with blue cheese fritter and green mashed potatoes and he cleaned his plate. The servers and hostess were so lovely and welcoming too. We can't wait to come back!we don't get out much to nice restaurants too often, but when we do, we like to maximize our chances for a nice evening so yelp we did.
Very much enamored by the small neighborhood feel of this place, from the quaint store front, which was easily missed when driving by, to the cute waiting couch up front.  Of course the hardwood floor and industrial exposed duct work all contribute to the no-nonsense, familial environment, if not to the ear splitting decibel count.  Interesting realist paintings of food on the walls, accompanied by old school saloon-like tilted mirrors.  The service was nice and professional.   
On the whole the food was well prepared with a deft touch. My roasted halibut with succotash was very well cooked, the halibut still moist and tender and the succotash with a creamy texture made complex with the bite of the fresh corn and beans. Only wished that there were some notes to liven up the flavor which was unfortunately bland.  This was typical of the plates we got: well executed but could have had some additional flavor or texture for some wow factor. Such was the case with the crispy sweetbreads, the smoked lobster (the wife got the lobster themed tasting menu) with grilled corn and the lobster consomme. The sweetbreads were perhaps a bit too heavily breaded, making them look like brain mcnuggets, but the sweet and smokey chili sauce was good.  The accompanying crab cake was tasty and fresh. The consomme was starkly thin.  
However, the two most memorable plates were the lobster ceviche and the poached lobster.  the ceviche was graced by a memorable mango mustard the was flavorful and well balanced.  we used the rest of our bread to sop up the nectar.  And the poached lobster was sublimely tender as well as the beautifully seared foie gras.  
Desserts were good, but like the plates, could have done well with an additional spark.  My wife's chocolate  cake with toffee was better than most.  My coconut cream pie didn't have that richness that I was anticipating.  However, my last bite included the basil garnish and i thought that was revelatory. 
Presentation was nice.  Food was spaced a bit too far apart, i thought. we sometimes waited 20 minutes between courses.  They need additional rest rooms.
All in all, we really enjoyed our time at Matyson's. Next anniversary, perhaps.Outstanding. Went on a Saturday night for a date and it was perfect. Amazing food, wonderful service...couldn't ask for anything more.I never know what to do when I go to a place that is clearly a high quality, wonderful place, that I simply don't personally enjoy.  I obviously can't give it a high rating, as I didn't enjoy it that much, but it also doesn't seem fair to give it a poor rating and lower its overall score.
This clearly isn't a problem with Matyson, as it has no paucity of glowing reviews.
For birthdays, each of my friends picks a place that they want to go to for their special dinner - a new place they're excited about, an old favorite - and everyone has to go and buy them dinner there.  It's a nice system.
It's also a system that took me to Distrito, cilantro capital of the eastern seaboard.
Matyson is an old favorite that I haven't been to before this.  I heard the raves: the menu is different every time, and everything on it is fantastic!
Apparently, the variety is wonderful, and you'll always have a different experience. They have a fairly reasonably priced tasting menu (it was $45 this week for lobster, with 5 courses including the special item, plus dessert(no lobster there), which they were happy to switch out for someone with an allergy), soups of the day, and an ever rotating menu of culinary creations.
The problem is... I don't WANT a culinary creation. I like my food to be relatively simple. I want to know what all the words on the menu mean, and I don't want to wonder what that odd combination is doing to a base food I really like.
It's sacrilege on a site like Yelp, where appreciation of good food and original menu items is expected, but I feel like some people must come on here just to see how they'd feel about a restaurant, so if you're like me, you may not have as easy a time finding something to eat.
I will say, one friend got the halibut, and it was light and very tasty. Another got the scallops, which were large and cooked perfectly - no rubbery seafood here.  And I got the New York Strip, figuring that was a safe bet. And it was cooked to absolute perfection... except that it was grilled and had that 'blackened' taste. Which, again, many people love. I personally feel that it takes away from the flavor of the meat itself.
I passed on dessert, but one of my friends got a toffee garnished mouse cake thing with a strawberry that was absolutely to die for.
So what else about this place? It's BYOB. The wait staff was professional, friendly, and attentive. It's a fairly small room, and it has pictures of food on the walls, some of which seem almost sexual.  Entrees are ~$20-$30, appetizers and desserts encircling $10.
I think it's safe to say that if you enjoy a well crafted, perfectly cooked, original meal out, you will probably love Matyson.  If you prefer something a little safer, more predictable and familiar, it might not be the right place.
I'm happy to have gone, but on my birthday, I'd still like to go to Beau Monde.This is a great place for date night or catching up with a friend. It's a pretty small place (like all good BYOs in Center City), so I wouldn't recommend it for a large group. I'd also recommend calling way in advance for a reservation.
In terms of food, everything is pretty good. They menu, while a little small, is impressively varied for its size and has a good mix of traditional favorites and contemporary twists. I'd tell you what I had (the watermelon gazpacho was a highlight) but the menu will probably have already changed by the time you get there. While it's not the farm-to-table setup like Talula's Garden, it seems to be seasonally adjusted to accommodate changes in the weather and flavors.
The best part of the evening was definitely the service, though. Often times you can get pretty snooty service in a place like this, but everyone was very nice all evening. They were particularly attentive about making sure our wine was at the right temperature, our food was right, and everything was going well. I'd definitely go back!Maybe it was an off night (Wednesday) or maybe it was my expectations that were a little inflated due to the high reviews, but I found dinner and the service to be very underwhelming.  
We had the tasting menu, which was good...  That's all.  The service and atmosphere felt a bit stressed, and for $100 for two people at a byob, I just didn't leave feeling impressedI have only been here on a day when they only offer the prix-fix menu. I was very impressed, and would absolutely go back to try the entire menu. We sat at a big round table in the back and had a really nice intimate meal for a party of 5. Wait staff was very attentive and friendly, and chef was very flexible to make some modifications to the prix-fix due to dietary restrictions in the group.This place is awesome.  Foie, sweetbreads, and escargot are all delicious, among the best I've had, and the lamb shank was like a viking drumstick except everything fell off the bone.  Awesome place.Finally got here last Saturday night.
Atmosphere was nice.  Just making assumptions from the clientele, it must be a hit.  The age range was from 21 to 70.  parties of 2 - 6.  
I went on a date here and we ordered the Kale Salad and another app that was a special....but I cant recall exactly what it was.  Some sort of Calamari with rice patties.  Both were very very good.
For dinner we had the steak and a Sea Bass special....both excellent.  
Dessert the Chocolate Brownie Semifreddo .  Awesome.
Service was phenomenal server could not have been better.
Bill was just over $120 with tip.  Not too bad IMO.  Would definitely go back for the right occasion, however I am not a fan of that part of the city.....total douchers running around those blocks.Tried Matyson out for the first time Friday and it has to be one of the best BYOB I have ever been to. I would love to give it 5 stars but when you spend that much money I feel everything should be perfect. 
For the apps we got the pork belly which was so tender and worked well with the peanut flavors. They also had a special, mussels in tomato broth. Those were not nearly as mouth watering. The broth was perfect for sopping up with the bread but the mussels themselves tasted too much like the ocean. Still worked well with the bacon but they almost even came off as sandy, oh well. 
The main courses, WOW. I had the duck which was cooked perfectly. The BBQ sauce was amazing and did not taste too much like coffee, just as the waiter described. The grits melt in my mouth, and the kale made for a great overall combination. My girlfriend has lamb shank that was falling off the bone but I too focused on my entree. 
We had a coconut cake for dessert which also impressed. Our waiter even hooked us up with some sorbet on the house which was the icing on the cake for the great service. 
Can't wait to go back for the tasting menu. FYI, takes credit cards but not AMEXsmall and cozy place. nice place to take someone on a date.Fantastic experience here while visiting from out of town. Great ambiance, better food! Had a ravioli on special the veal, could not have been more pleased. Great service as well. Try this great spot.A tiny little BYO that has been a Philly institution for generations, Matyson still has outstanding cuisine at reasonable prices.
The flavor combinations are inventive and work surprisingly well, such as hanger steak with watermelon and fried goat cheese.
I couldn't believe my wife and I had Foie Gras, Sweetbreads, Duck and Hanger Steak, dessert and coffee and walked out of there with a $130 check after tip...what a deal!
If you go, I recommend you request Table 35, which is the high table right in front.  Some of the tables in back are very cramped and you feel like you are a part of 3 other people's conversations, but that table is open and well lit.
Service can be a little slow - we waited over half an hour between our appetizers and our entrees, but you can understand that somewhat given how small the kitchen is...just don't go if you plan to be somewhere else in an hour.
Tip to the diner: there is a Pennsylvania State Liquor Store on Chestnut just past 19th street, which is right around the corner and they are open fairly late...good to know if you don't want to carry your wine with you the whole way.Very good an imaginative BYO. I had the most amazing sweetbreads (served with tangy watercress and mint). THe main course was an average but goo hanger steak. 
Their main issue is the dining room. It's a bit dull, borderline sinister and our waiter (fat Jack Bauer) had a bit of an attitude (until check -10 minutes).Pretty good, nothing special. Matyson has both generically pleasant food to match its' generically pleasant atmosphere. 
The service is kind and attentive. One perk was the very good looking gay gentleman who was my server. 
The meat was cooked well but I have been to a hundred places like this and Matyson doesn't have that extra spark of flavor that makes a place special. The sandwhiches and steak frites are well sized but unfortunately I ordered the scallops, and the measly portion on my large plate was extremely disappointing considering it's not up to the standards of the fancy French restaurants that can get away with small sized but delicious meals. 
If it's convenient and you're craving a good Nouveau American meal, check it out. If not, you're not missing out on a whole lot.I am a huge fan of BYO's and Matyson tops my list of great BYOs. The duck breast was amazing and so was the house ice cream. I am totally going back and ordering the duck breast again.Came here very late at night with my boyfriend and it was still pretty packed.  Lots of couples and the place felt very fancy schmancy and perfect for romance (although there were some groups of 4).  We tried the Copper River Salmon Tartar, Sautéed Diver Scallops, and Roasted Australian Free Range Rack of Lamb.  For the price, I definitely expected more.  There is nothing really special about this place except location, BYO, and atmosphere.  I'm glad I tried it but if I ever go back, I'll try the tasting menu that everyone seems to love.Takes a whole lot of love for me to push that fifth button. The meal was incredible, the service was fantastic, the desert/coffee all top notch. Not going to share what I ordered, you need to go explore. Get too it.What a great concept - BYOB (this doesn't happen in CA)!  We brought our own 2 fabulous bottles of wine, and then enjoyed everything they served us.  From appetizers to entrees to dessert, the whole experience was fantastic.  Definitely give it a try!Still Excellent after all these years.  A gal-pal and I shared the potato latke app with our lunch today - what BLISS.  3 petite, crisp, flavorful (not too greasy) pancakes topped with lightly salted smoked salmon, applsauce and dill creme fraiche.  WOW.
My Kale salad was over-the-top delicious and lightly dressed with the perfect amount of lemon/oregano vinaigrette (You could taste juice and zest) with parmesan slivers and sweet, glorious butternut squash chunks.  I got a small for $7 - but next time I may just get the large ($10).  Good, good, good stuff.
Very nice server, too.
GO TO MATYSON.  So rockin' good.Matyson is the quintissential BYOB restaurant. Here's why it's my favorite in a city bustling with amazing BYOBs. 
It's located in one of the nicest areas of town. Cozy and intimate atmosphere, yet with ample space to create a perfect romantic setting. Although specializing in seasonal, new American cuisine, there is undoubtedly old French inspiration. And by far, the star of the show is the fois gras appetitizer, which is served with banana bread, crispy duck skin, sprinkles of fresh halzelnuts and coffee. I would dare to say that there is no better fois gras in our great foodie city. 
But what sets apart Matyson is it's $45 tasting menu served on weekdays which features themes such as lobster and pumpkin, whatever the chefs find most fresh and in season. The last time we went here we were blown away by the perfectly cooked Long Island duck breast served with delicious coconut curry, leek, and sweet potato. 
Service have always been attentive and extremely helpful. From the décor, to the well-executed food here, Matyson is the first BYOB I talk about whenever the topic is in discussion. So I will definitely be back with wine in hand to try more delightful dishes!Only one failed dish away from five stars. We all enjoyed the foil gras appetizer. We also ordered a green salad which was nothing special, but then again, it was a green salad. 
Three of us ordered the duck. If that had been all we ordered, I would have given the restaurant 5 stars. But, the forth person ordered the chicken, which she called completely bland. In fact, she felt the pre made chicken from Costco had more taste. All of the dishes at a restaurant as fancy and expensive as Matyson should be good. Given that the woman who ordered the chicken was still regretting the decision two days later, I give Matyson only three stars. 
The decor of the place is good, and the staff very friendly. If I were in the mood to complain, I would say it was a little too dark, but that might be because I was with four people rather than there on a date.Matyson has amazing food!  It is dimly lit and cozy, making it a great choice for a romantic dinner or special occasion.  Service is excellent.  You must try Matyson!
We started with the chestnut raviolis and one of the specials that was homemade pasta with venison sausage. Both were awesome.  For dinner we had the scallops (unbelievable!) and lamb.  We ordered two desserts - they are made in house.  Incredible.  
Awesome byo!This was one of my first BYOB dining experience when Philly started on this scene.  Great husband and wife team here.  This charming BYOB serves simple but tasteful American fare.  Don't forget to save room for dessert.We went to this lovely restaurant for a special occasion.
It is a small sized restaurant, so get those reservations in if you want to go. 
Staff were friendly and helpful. Water glasses were always kept full. And since at this BYOB we forgot to bring the B, we needed the water. Sad that there were no drink options other than water or coffee. 
Ambiance is with warm tones. A porno mirror on the ceiling on one side of the restaurant lets you do people watching on the sly. 
Our waiter had over sized glasses that looked like the old guy from the movie "UP." But, it was trendy in appearance. He also looked a little like a politician from the 80's with a bow tie on, but maybe I should avoid that reference. 
The food is above average. But, there are a minimum amount of choices. 
I ordered a short rib ravioli. It was scrumptous. It had a meaty and cheesey sauce. And the short ribs in the ravioli added a hint of sweetness to it. I wish it had a little more color or flare in appearance. 
My wife ordered the mussells, which I did not taste. It was slightly spicey and came on the waiter's suggestion over the lobster ramen. 
The main course, my wife ordered a special- Opa. A meaty fish that came with a sweet and citrusy sauce. It was plain in presentation. But the flavor really popped out. 
I had a Chile Pork Rib. And my first impression based on smell was wow. And the piece was huge. It must have been an inch thick. A typical barbecue flavor was found, with a nice kick. It was not an overwhelming amount of Chile. Just enough to let you know it was there and needing the kale and lentils to calm it down. It also came with pig tails. I thought they were very tasty. They did look like tails but, were meaty and hearty in flavor. 
On to dessert, we ordered two different desserts. Of course, my wife ordered the one I was debating taking. She had the Chocolate brownie semifreddo. It was clearly very rich and an ample portion. It could have been enjoyed by two people. The brownie was thick and fudge like. 
I ordered a banana turnover, because I wanted the brown sugar ice cream that came with it. I think it could have used a larger portion of ice cream to balance the strong banana flavor. And to my surprise, when it was brought out a candle was on the side of the plate and the words, Happy Birthday written on the plate. No pretentious or loud singing, thankfully. But, a number of staff were certain to wish me a happy birthday and guests on either side of me in the cramped booth seating. 
It was a pleasant surprise. My wife did not ask them to do it. But, she did tell them it was my birthday when she made the reservations. 
This overall was a pleasant experience. I'd give the place a definite recommendation for a well cooked meal.Still a solid 4 star -- still one of my favorite BYOBs, but still yet to allow me to give that 5 star, ah!! 
It is one of the only upscale restaurants I re-visit ( I often like to try new places) , but I have enjoyed Matyson enough in the past that I've gone quite a couple of times in the last couple of years
Service was fabulous -- our server knew the menu well, including the specials and was obviously well trained and versed. Checked on us appropriate times, and even brought out a candle lit pistachio ice cream for my birthday since we were too full to order dessert, sad face.
We ordered the $14 special for appetizer: homemade pasta stuffed with mushrooms, and served with escargot. I personally enjoyed the escargot at Sbraga more.. (sorry..) but I loved the pasta/mushroom thing! 
I got the Chilean Seabass. My biggest complaint is that it was salty salty salty. But the biggest compliment being that it was seriously, perfectly cooked temperature wise. That flakey fish falling apart with the slightest fork touch.. and right into my mouth. I just wish the seasoning wasn't quite as heavy.
My partner got the seared duck breast which was seasoned well, and perfectly cooked to a medium rare -- no complaints here.
I do LOVE their weekly changing menus . Looking for the right one to spark my interest to go back againI heard decent reviews of this place so I ordered a take out lunch for a business meeting.  There was hair in both our meals.  Two different types of hair neither matched either of ours.  This was too bad, because the few bites that we had were good.
I went back the next day to share my experience with the manager.  Because it was take out there was no resolution.  Disgusting and disappointing.  I would considered giving a second chance because we all have off or unfortunate days but the manager did nothing appease me.  She seemed like a nice lady, but was $30 worth losing repeat business from a local who clearly was in search of a place to get a lunch during work hours?  Never again would I go back.Food was great, ambience was quaint. Dont quite understand the hipster movement in independent restaurants now adays but it was nice keeping it casual. Honestly the piece of venison ive ever eaten. Service left something to be desired, felt slightly overlooked, maybe it was an off night since it was a monday just seemed like the server didnt really care. Still up in the air if id return.I came here early and alone for dinner on a scorching hot day.  I had the tasting menu and was very pleased with all of my meal.  The food was delicious and flavorful without being heavy, and the care that went into its preparation was obvious.  The quality of the service was also uniformly high -- the servers were prompt, professional and friendly.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone seeking a high-quality meal with a minimum of stuffiness and pomp.Really superb, beginning to end. Excellent service from Lauren and Josh. Attentive, not overbearing. Great bread. Delicious beet soup, a large portion, not some precious little 3 spoons worth. And it arrived hot. Not the case at many fine restaurants. Rack of lamb, paso bucolic, mushroom melange all yummy. Every dessert great. The winner: butterscotch pudding. And hot coffee (see above comment re:soup). Excellent meal. Really really excellent.I went here with my boss for lunch last week. The menu was ok but  nothing grabbed me in particular. I got a lunch-size bowl of fettuchini with broccoli rabe, tomato sauce and parmesan cheese. For a standard bowl of pasta, it was quite flavorful, with the pasta definitely homemade. My lunch companion had a delicious creamy soup with duck in it and a salmon sandwich with horseradish that was also good. The main reason I'm writing this review is not because of the lunch menu, but because the desserts are TO DIE FOR. The pastry chef is unbelievable. I don't usually do desserts in the middle of the day but glancing at the dessert menu, you knew you were in for something special. Everything sounded good. I had a hard time deciding between the chai creme brulee and the cheesecake, but when i saw coconut creme pie I was intrigued. It's an odd choice for anything other than Thanksgiving, but i'm a big fan of it. I decided it had to be good. And it was. It was decadent and delicious, with slivers of coconut on top, a homemade walnut crust and chocolate chips interspersed with delicious custard and a tall pillow of homemade whipped creme. I savored every bite. It was heavenly. My dining companion had a pear and walnut tart that was almost better than my dessert, if possible, so buttery and rich and delicious. Go here for dessert, it's a must. The service is also quite good.My boyfriend and I came here for an anniversary date, and all of the dishes we had were very incredibly unique and flavorful. Portions are on the smaller size, but the quality makes up for lack of quantity. The service was impeccable. Bonus: It's a BYOB, so you can feel better about splurging on the food while drinking cheap wine :)By now, I'm sure most of the people of Philadelphia know all about Matyson and the amazing food this kitchen can produce. I've been for lunch 3 times now and each time I left feeling completely satisfied. The food was so good even my 85 year old picky grandmother and my chef buddies gave the mark of approval. 
The food here is so flavorful Ive been known to laugh with pure delight. The combination of flavors and textures of each dish with the added bonus of the beautiful plate presentation is enough to satisfy all of my senses. 
I know I'm short changing myself by only attending one if my favorite restaurants for lunch only but I work terrible hours and have only managed to get in during lunch. 
During my time at Matyson this summer I've had two of the best soups I've ever consumed.  The first was a golden beet soup served cold with orange Creme Fraiche and the second was a watermelon Gazpacho with spicy melon rinds that changed flavor from sweet to spicy in a way that seemed almost magical. 
Yesterday I had a swordfish dish that was utterly out of this world. Ill start with the amazing couscous the fish accompanied. The added lemon and sweet corn in the couscous gave the swordfish such an extra burst of flavor I burst out laughing. Leaving my dining  partner completely confused. With me laughing and my dinner guest thinking I've mentally snapped. In the meantime my amazing sever never let my wine glass go empty, which is an issue of lesser quality BYOBs.  The service is always spot on. A mixture between a low key atmosphere pared with amazing food and great service puts this BYOB on the top of my list of favorites in Philly, 5 stars with nothing less. I look forward to coming for the diner tasting menu which seems to change every week without fail.Matyson is a small little restaurant in Center City. After seeing my friends post numerous photos of Matyson's scallops, I decided to give it a try. I have to say that the food was delicious. I had the foie gras and pork belly, both of which melted in my mouth. The foie gras serving was generous and even though the pork belly was a little on the heavy side, it was cooked all the way through perfectly. I would definitely come back to Matyson again but I just wish they had a bigger menu. There really is not much to choose from but whatever you choose will be worth it.Had dinner here last night with my wife after we bought a $25 for $50 off opentable.   We had been here a few years back and really liked the place.   The menu has changed since then, but the quality of the food has not.   We started with the Pork Belly Dumplings for appetizer, they were very good.  Really moist and  the dumpling was a perfect thickness.  The broth they sit in adds a great flavor.  I'm not a huge Pork Belly guy, but i really enjoyed this.   For entrees I got the Grilled NY Strip (came with New potatoes, chanterelles, bibb, red onion marmelade, bordelaise ), i asked for it well done...just kidding, i would never do that.  I got it medium.   The meat was cooked perfectly, they slice the meat for you, which i like.  The potatoes it came with were sliced and layed under the cut meat.  Also very tasty.  I wish the portion was a little bigger, but the flavor was all there.    My wife got Sauteed Diver Scallops (White bean cassoulet, seafood sausage, swiss chard, red wine), this was also very tasty.  I especially enjoyed the seafood sausage which was packed with flavor.  Seafood Sausage!!  What will they think of next?  A machine that can cook your dinner in under a minute?!   For dessert we shared the Hazelnut Crepe.  I could've eaten it myself as the portion wasn't large, but overall it was a quality desert.     So, this is the 2nd time I've eaten here and both times I've left very satisfied.  This is a great little BYOB in Philly, plus you get discounted parking in the lot across the street..  Just be sure to ask your waiter/waitress for a voucher before you leave.Came here for lunch while I was working at a law firm and was instantly hooked.  Love love LOVE the coffee barbecue chicken sandwich and I've heard great things about the smoked trout sandwich too. Can't wait to introduce my fiance to the place...it's cozy, it's fun, it's a byo...what's not to love? B/c it's on the smaller side reservations for dinner seem like a must, but that doesn't bother me.  Just means it's a great place and others know about it too!This place is fantastic! I came here this past weekend and everything we had was wonderful! I started off with the watermelon and feta salad. It was cool and delicious for a hot summer night in Philly. The watermelon cubes were sweet and it went really well with the chunks of feta cheese. Wonderful combination, especially over spicy arugula.
For my entree, I had the striped bass with ham, white beans and creamed corn. The fish was so good. It was fresh and I loved how it was crispy on top with the skin. The sweet corn "sauce" was rich, but not too heavy. 
For dessert, the four of us shared a bunch of desserts. The chocolate roulade with coffee ice cream was the winner. The chocolate roulade was thin and it was filled with a strong coffee flavored ice cream. It was really good. My next favorite was the warm apple pie with vanilla ice cream. The apples were warm, sweet and the pie crust was flaky and yummy. The coconut cream pie was good too.
I was definitely recommend coming here. It's BYOB... so bring a few bottles of wine and enjoy the wonderful food!Wonderful atmosphere wonderful service this is the second tasting menu I have gotten ,the 5 course squash dinner was amazing the flavors in the squash was something I had never tasted before excellentI first went there with my husband for dinner when I was going to school in Philly last year.  The place looked cozy and warm.  I don't quite remember what we had then, but do remember that we really liked it very much.  So, this past week, we were in Philly for the day and stopped there for lunch.  It surely looked different and bigger in the day.  It is still cozy.  Our waitress was very nice and attentive.  
I started with the chestnut (with duck confit) soup.  It was very good and totally hit the spot!  My husband had the duck spring rolls which were beautifully presented and very tasty.  
For the main course,  I had their chef's daily inspiration (house made pasta), which was fettuccine with duck and bella (I think).  To my pleasant surprise (as guilt was already eating away any anticipated pleasure!) it was very light and the portion was very reasonable.  My husband ordered the pastrami sandwich and totally loved it.  I tried it and actually liked it although in general I don't like pastrami or any heavily manipulated meat.Great place for a business lunch and very welcome/warm ambience! Yummy menu choices and great service!
Make sure to book a reservation online on open table to guarantee a spot. There menu chgs all the time so make sure to look at the menu before booking to see if you like the choices.An amazing dining experience. Best BYO ive been to in Philly.  Menu is ever changing and playful and the price is right.Tucked to the side off Chestnut/19th street, Matyson can stay hidden because I need to come back many, many times. 
Appetizers were delicious. Started with the shaved kale and the foie gras. The kale salad was nice and large and was really refreshing. The foie gras was unbelievably good. It was my first time having foie gras, and that was quite an introduction. Banana bread and the crispy skin worked wonderfully with the foie gras. This weird-sounding combination was such a delight. Luckily, there were three other people, so our intake was moderated.
Our table had two orders of the chicken, one of the steak, and one of the duck breast. I had the duck and thought the flavors and textures were great. The chicken dishes looked like Dali paintings, and the steak was really tender. We all got to trade bites, but nobody really wanted to share. At least I didn't.
We shared two desserts among four people (Coconut Cream and Lemon Souffle Tart?). Each dessert was really light, not too sweet. Again, sad to share.
The environment is relaxed and comfortable. Dinner was delicious and balanced. Matyson totally exceeded our high expectations. I'll definitely be returning for more of the menu.Unfortunately, Matyson treated us poorly after we chose to make it our destination for my 27th birthday dinner.
There was really no excuse either.  The place was empty.  Due to the looming snowstorm that eventually dumped 28.5 inches in town, we set up an early reservation (6 pm) to get ahead of the weather.  After a beer next door, my fiancée, her parents, and I went in and had our pick of tables.
I have never left a restaurant feeling more let down by the service.  They should have said "screw you" when we walked in the door, because that was their attitude.
The food was good, no question.  But I can get the same quality at numerous places in the city where they know how to treat their customers.I have been to Matyson a number of times for both their dinner and brunch services.  Every time that I go I am always impressed.  This is without a doubt my favorite BYO in the city.  The dishes are well conceived and executed.  The food is interesting without being pretentious.   
For dinner, I have had various fish preparations, duck, and short ribs for the main dishes.  Most recently, I had the seared duck breast with spiced quinoa.  The skin on the duck was perfectly crisped, and the breast itself was cooked to a beautiful medium rare.   Grabbing tastes from others at my tables, I also fully endorse the black cod and the steak.  Appetizers are amazing too, including the fras gras, mussels, the various salads, and the asparagus fettuccini.  The desserts are divine...so you better save room!  The banana bread pudding will make your mouth water.  The mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich is clearly made with fresh mint...not that fake stuff you find in name brand ice creams.  
For brunch, I always default to two items: the brisket egg and cheese sandwich or the waffle with thyme syrup.  You can't go wrong either way.  Also, must-gets sides are the special bagel of the day, the country sausage, and the hash browns.   And bring a bottle of champagne for mimosas.  
Can't wait to go back again.Was here months ago for a quick dinner. It's a small place and I walked past it without realizing it. 
It's a nice little date spot if you don't want to be seen by the whole world.
I can't recall what I had and I think they always change the menu so I can't even look back to tell ya.Matyson used to stand for Matt y Sonia - but, alas, the original owners have fled the coop.  However, the place is still run by a member of the family and for a BYOB - this place ROCKS.  I have been there for both lunch (many times) and dinner - just a few.
The $45 prix fixe is a deal - IF you like what they are serving.  Most times I pick and choose - and let me just say that you can not go wrong with the fish.  For lunch a delicious trout sandwich on fresh black bread with watercress for just $11 is terrific.  I have also tried the lobster pop-overs.  A warm, buttery pop-over (man I could eat about 4 of them plain) with large pieces of lobstermeat surrounded in a DECADENT (read: just a bit too much cream, for me) newburg style sauce with fresh chopped tomtato and presh green peas.
They also love morel mushrooms.
Dishes are complex without being "snooty" or "over the top".
Desserts are great, too.
LOVE Mat-y-son - even under the new regime.The only good think about PA's neo-prohibition, are the great BYOB's in Philly.  I've only been to Matyson once, but I had a big meal and everything was spot on.
There were two great highlights. I had delicately fried Sweet Breads, served with a simple spinach and shaved red onion salad and a perfectly poached egg.  Its hard to beat this tasty simplicity.
The second really great dish was Pork Tenderloin wrapped in a cured ham (could have been Virginia, prosciutto or jamon) stuffed with Wilted Collard Greens, over Blackeyed Peas and a red bean sauce.  Wow.  Though the dish had southern ingredients the flavors were decidedly Spanish.    
The service was prompt, friendly and direct.  My new favorite, and the perfect antidote for those bored by Steve Starr.This is our first time at this establishment. We went for Sunday Brunch. There is enough items to choose from but can improve. The service is very friendly and efficient. It can be very pricey especially if you factor in the portion size. If you are hungry and feel like binging, don't come to this place.I had been wanting to go here for a few months now - but with all the other great restaurants in Philly this one always fell by the wayside. Went there for my bday 2 weeks ago and I have to say this place definitely lives up to the hype!! For the appetizers we ordered 2 of the specials - a celery root and bacon puree and the rock shrimp over a wasabi creme ( i forgot the exact name of it). I honestly never order soup at restaurants, but I think Matyson may have changed that for me - the soup was extremely flavorful! the rock shrimp was very tasty as well (with a definite little kick!)
For the main courses I ordered the diver scallops w Truffled mash potato, black trumpet mushrooms, lobster-red wine reduction - I'm a HUGE fan of scallops and these definitely did not disappoint! Perfectly cooked!!! The wife ordered the braised short ribs and it was perfectly cooked as well!
We normally don't order desert when we go out - but the waitress recommended the butterscotch pudding so we decided to give it a try. AMAZING! the waitress said it isn't always offered so if its available when you go definitely try it out!!
I would put this place in the same tier as Mercato (and coming from me..that is SUPER high praise - cause mercato is my fave restaurant in the city)We had a wonderful dinner here for a family reunion/birthday celebration.  Setting was very intimate and our server, Lauren, and the other staff were friendly, attentive and enthusiastic about describing dishes and giving their recommendations. We were uniformly impressed with the food. Portions were good (lone exception--the scallop appetizer), presentations artistic, and the appetizers and entrees were delicious. Kale/quinoa/butternut squash salad and the fish (dorado and sea bass) were all standouts, especially the vegetables in broth under each entree.  I'd go for 4 and a half stars, but since that's not an option I'll lean toward five, in large part because of the service, food quality, and the sense that dining out should be about some sense of daring in trying food combinations that you can't easily attempt at home.Amazing roasted carrot soup. Quite delicious and comforting. The sweetbread could have been done a bit more. Goat cheese gnocchi was overpowered by the beef. Polenta balanced it well. Loved the lamb, but the spaetzle didn't do much for it. Red snapper was incredible!! Veal! Mmmm...Great food. Visiting my former home town and just love the BYO choices in Philly.  I thought it was a little warm and stuffy in the restaurant otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.  The kale salad was wonderful as was the pork cheek. The coconut cream pie is delicious.Let me start by saying this isn't a terrible restaurant. The food is generally decent, and the wait staff is pretty nice. But when you send me a fois gras dish that tastes like soy sauce and nothing else, i'm going to be sad. also when you send me raw seafood. or overcooked food. all in all, a pretty disappointing experience.Armed with my gorgeous date and a wonderful bottle of Whetstone Pinot Noir, I yelped for Philadelphia's top BYOB offerings and found Matyson. The atmosphere inside this small, cozy space was perfect for our date. Lighting and volume were just right and we found the service to be excellent in every way. We ordered the following dishes:
Cornmeal Crusted Virginia Oysters 
(Salsify & green apple remoulade)
Crispy Smoked Veal Sweetbreads 
(Oyster mushrooms, house pancetta, medjool dates, poached egg)
Almond Crusted Jersey Fluke
(Avocado, baby beets, bibb lettuce, saffron & vanilla butter sauce)
Herb Roasted Pork Tenderloin
(Pistachio polenta, local swiss chard, dried figs)
All of the above were cooked and plated to perfection! The pork tenderloin dish was good enough to write poetry about... I will definitely be here again soon.delicious! great pork chop and sweet potato perogis!Maytson's tasting menu is one of the best deals in the city, in part because it's BYOB, but mostly because the food only costs $45 per person and the quality, creativity and execution are spot on. 
I have eaten here several times and although I have had to wait a few minutes before we were seated for our reservation on every occasion the service and food once we were seated was outstanding. 
The last meal I had here was the lobster tasting menu. It was one of the best meals I've had in the last year. The others were are Terra in Napa Valley, Talula's Garden in Washington Square and Noble (which sadly just closed) in Rittenhouse. 
Starr, Garces and Vetri are some of the stars of Philadelphia, but this seldom mentioned restaurant is a true workhorse that doesn't get all the attention but certainly warrants much praise.The food was a solid five stars - carrot soup, amazing.  Fish entrees and desserts all delicious and beyond expectations.
The experience, on the other hand, deteriorated badly through the night.  The main problem was a table of four frat boys (at least one obviously underage - they kept referring to him as "pledge") who became spectacularly drunk to the point of all shouting at once and eventually singing in a small intimate restaraunt.  Despite this boorishness, the staff continued to open bottles of wine for them and did nothing to suggest they might behave better.
I understand that the staff is in a difficult spot, but lots of people were obviously very annoyed.  Being a BYO establishment does not relieve servers of the duty to rein in drunk patrons.
I had no expectation of a quiet reserved establishment, but you should be able to converse with your dining partner.  Matyson's staff failed us in that department.We experienced the full spectrum of Mayson foods with a tasting menu that was specifically designed for our group. The food was delicious; from the pea soup through the appetizers, to the main course and a selection of incredible desserts. The only thing I could complain about was that there was almost too much food to enjoy! The ambiance is cozy and I also very much enjoyed the small restaurant setting. Added to my list of favorite BYOBs in Philadelphia!Great food and service. On low side: extremely noisy...
For the first timers: They don't serve alcohol. If you want beer or wine, you have to bring it yourself. 
I would give it a 5, but the noise level drove me crazy. I guess it was not the lucky night...few tables around me might have had a contest on who would speak the loudest...Delicious!! Second time back to Matyson and it is definitely one of the best BYOs in Philly. The chef is extremely accomodating and will gladly make changes if requested. The snapper was exceptional! Great menu that always changes...plus great atmosphere! Can't wait to go backWent here for an early dinner and had the butternut squash soup and hanger steak. Service was good and accommodating. The wait staff was very attentive and knowledgeable as well.4 of us had dinner there tonight. My hub dined there before and we awarded of their small portions. He was not very impressed with his last visit but 3 of us haven't been there so we gave a shot anyway. 
The restaurant was cozy and warm. Very tiny but we did not mind as long as food good. 
I got crudo, sautéed mushroom appetizer. Since it would be small I ordered two for myself. My hub got mussel. 
Did not find anything special about crudo, I thought mushroom appetizer was the best among them. Maybe too much butter on them but I am a huge butter lover. 
The main dish was disappointing. Me and my friends both ordered Bouillabaisse. When our server described it, that sounded so awesome. When we saw our dish... that was sad. Literally there were two piece of fish in my soup. Size of my thumb nail. My friend's one was same. There was no decent meat in it at all so I really hoped the broth would be amazing. It wasn't. Lack of flavor and I got really sad since I really like bouillabaisse. I left all of my soup even the portion was tiny.. 
Tried my hub's pork cheek dish as well. The smell of pork really disturbed me for some reason. I am not a crazy meat lover so I easily disturbed by smell of the meat. But I do eat steak and any kind of meat. But just that dish had really strong pork smell I did not like. My hub did not enjoy very either. 
This place seems have pretty good review so I am not sure if it was only us but non of us thought our meal was delicious at all but we did enjoy  byob and cozy ambiance very much.
Since I gave only one try I might go back eventually but definitely not anytime soon.Matyson is a true gem! The food here is creative, inventive, and well executed.  A great spot for date-night or a dinner with visiting parents.   The story behind the restaurant I left full and happy and eager to return. 
Although I haven't tried it, their $45 tasting menu (changes frequently - http://www.matyson.com/tasting.html) is supposed to be amazing.Still one of my top 5 favorite BYOB's in center city.  But this visit did not move it up a notch.
First I must say that Stacy was a very polite, knowledgeable, attentive server.  I was very very pleased with the service on a busy Saturday night.
The disappointments begin and end with the appetizers.  Although a superb presentation on both of our orders, the crescendo of the evening began on a low note.  After being spoiled by the foie gras at Sola and Black Fish, this was a total letdown.  The banana bread and the chipotle maple sauce took over the entire flavor of the dish, there was no avoiding those two flavors (banana and maple) and the sweetness in the dish.  It was not our taste and not something we would order again.  The crispy sweetbreads were not as good as before, usually a staple for me at Matyson.  The mushroom ragu was excellent as well as the lovely parlsee puree, but the bone marrow was uneventful and with little flavor.  The very few sweetbreads that were on the plate were very good, I wish there were more.
The stripped bass was excellent although the broth was a little salty, confirmed as I started to suck down water within minutes after dinner.  My young, blonde, extremely  attractive friend enjoyed her choice better than mine, the halibut.  I thought they were equal in delight.  And of course I am always right.  It sucks being right all of the time, I know!!
Dessert was the absolute highlight of the night.  The almond pear tort with caramel ice cream.  I have nothing else to say but YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!This is my hidden ace in my sleeve. 
Whenever someone asks "I need to find a nice quiet place for (business) lunch and I'm tired of the same places". I wow them with this suggestion.
I don't know why its often overlooked for lunch... but it shouldn't be.
The menu is always changing and the service is great.  Reservations can be made through yelp or opentable. Atmosphere is welcoming and clean.
I'd avoiding commenting on the food - mainly because the menu always changes.  So for me to tell you all about what I had and what my associates ordered wouldn't help in you deciding. Actually i take that back... somethings are staples and they good so I should mention them.
Calamari is very good.
Beets are great - I love beats!
Burger is great and a good fallback on what to order.
Fried Oyster Po Boy is yummy! I'm so happy I ordered this!
Lamb wrap is also very good. The lamb was prepared and cooked perfectly.
Next time (depending on who I go with work/social) I'm ordering those Mussels and Chorizo!This is or benchmark restaurant in Philadelphia. We love BYOs. Anytime we eat anywhere else the questions is, "better than Matyson?" and it just about never is.
Just plain great food from start to finish. The menu changes frequently and we have, never, ever been disappointed.
And please come ready to have a fabulous desert and espresso to close out the evening.This place is amazing!! Food and service were on point. Love their creative menu. I do wish they would do their special weekly menu on the weekends though.retried this restaurant after many years and it was totally worth it.  several ppl had told me how awesome it is so i decided to give it another go when 4 other gfs were in town for a mini reunion.  we brought 4 bottles of wine and they were able to accommodate us immediately on a busy Sat. night at 9pm so we were very grateful.  the service was impeccable and the food was delicious.  i admit it was on the heavy side but that's what we were in the mood for.
the korean calamari is really on point.  my friends and i immediately commented on how perfect the rice cakes were, something that even a lot of korean restaurants don't get right.  they're sometime overcooked or undercooked--these were slightly battered/fried and were perfectly chewy.  the sauce was 100% on point--just the right amount of salt and spice (the base was gochujang, the red pepper paste you mix into bibimbop).
scallops were done perfectly and there were plenty to go around.  the entrees are pricey at almost $30 each but we did family style and got to try a little bit of everything, which is the way to go.  white fish is usually not impressive but the concoction underneath the fish, the lentils with equal-in-sized pieces of asparagus was awesome.  just the perfect amount of crunch.
the tartare was EXCELLENT.  hands down one of the best tartare i've ever had in philly.  the ideal amount of citrus and vinegar, the fish was the perfect temperature and there was the perfect amount of avocado.  the chunks were big but not overly so, it all came together to make an excellent and filling appetizer.
fried oysters were awesome along with their coleslaw.  overall i'd say i prefer their appetizers over their entrees.  the NY steak was tasty and came with a delicious sauce.  we finished everything off with the polenta shortbread dessert which was EXCELLENT!  it came w/ fresh whipped cream and blackberries.  overall, an excellent meal for just $33-34 pp!Another great BYOB in this wonderful foodilicious city! Bombed in for a short visit this weekend, and told my man that I absolutely NEEDED a fantastic meal on Friday night. Luckily I told him ahead of time and he managed to snag a res at the coveted Matyson. Unfortunately, we could not expand the reservation to 4 on the day of- this place is always packed! It is super cute. Snug and cozy- it feels like you're dining in someone's home. Our waitress was extremely nice and attentive, but I do think she led us astray a tiny bit with the ordering. 
AHI TUNA CARPACCIO. My favorite dish of the evening. An amazing twist on a classic. Bits of kiwi over a thinly sliced, beautiful piece of tuna, subtly dressed in yuzu-soy, and with several extremely flavorful sprouts to garnish. Great way to start out the night.
BURGUNDY ESCARGOT. In love with this plate. The escargot came steaming hot in the cast iron skillet, in another subtle burgundy sauce. Cashews and Japanese turnips added fabulous texture, giving this dish incredible depth. Amazing.
SHORT RIB RAVIOLI. I didn't want to order this, because I knew exactly what it was going to taste like. However, we were wooed by the waitress's claim that this was her favorite dish at Matyson. That's a serious claim! It was just what it sounds like...a boring short rib in a boring ravioli with a boring sauce. Sadly, we ordered this instead of the lamb neck cavatelli, which I'm SURE would've been off the hook.
VEAL and SWEETBREADS. Another tempting menu item, but I suggest  avoiding it. While I loved the cauliflower puree, the veal and sweetbreads were only okay. Veal was a bit overcooked, and a little chewy for my taste. 
DESSERT. Good, but not great. Lemon cheesecake and butterscotch pudding both disappointed. The waitress failed again with the butterscotch suggestion and me, sucker that I am for a great pot de creme, took only three bites of dessert.
All in all, I would DEFINITELY go back to Matyson, but would choose items based more on my preference and not the waitress's.1st time at Matyson for a quick lunch. Had the Brussels Sprouts appetizer and the Steak Frites. Both were prepared expertly, loved the duck-fat fried truffled French Fries. Service was professional and courteous. Will return.We really enjoyed our lunch at Matyson.  We had the roasted beet appetizer that was awesome. We also had Calamari - now, I'm not much of a calamari fan, but this was a cut above to be sure. Main entree was the Steak Frites which I declare most excellent! The truffle fries that came with it were really quite good. Not something I'd generally comment on, but these were something special. I had the rhubarb apple strudel for dessert and it was wonderful - capped it off with an outstanding latte. Great service too. I'm trying to hold off on the 5 star reviews but this place nearly got one. If i have another visit like the first one it'll get the fifth star. Edit - after quite a few more visits, including 4 or 5 lunches and a dinner, out comes the 5th star. Highly recommended.Love them. Dined there mast night and would definitely go back. Very good food and courteous staff.Always great.  I've been here 7 times now and it always over delivers. BYOB is key for the budget.  We love to try a bit of everything and share. There are always favourites (the Poached Egg, the Duck Two-Ways), but nothing has ever disappointed.  Go with a group and try everything.A wonderful, quaint restaurant in the middle of busy Center City. It may be small, but prepared to leave satisfied.
FOOD: 4/5
Goat Cheese Gnocchi. That's all I have to say. If you come here and don't order the Goat Cheese Gnocchi as an appetizer, you're going to regret it. It's absolutely wonderful. Just the right amount of starchiness from the gnocchi coupled with the deliciously melted goat cheese, bits of meat, sweet potato, apple, and pine nut. It's absolutely wonderful, and you will be craving for more. Besides the Goat Cheese Gnocchi, I thought the food overall were enjoyable. My girlfriend and I both ordered the lamb special, and the meat came right off the bone and well seasoned. Keep in mind this is a BYOB, so don't forget to bring a nice bottle of wine to pair with the food!
AMBIANCE: 4/5
It's a cozy environment but nowhere near romantic or impressive. I don't think this is a first-date kind of place to go but definitely a place where you feel comfortable, relaxed, and almost like at home - except with delicious food catered by a chef. I was a little bit disappointed at just how small and packed the restaurant, but I should have done my research in advance.
SERVICE: 4/5
Nothing fantastic but came and left satisfied.
TL;DR: I have regular cravings for the Goat Cheese Gnocchi; you will too if you try it. The restaurant is a bit too small for my preferences, but still cozy and enjoyable on the inside.I like small, local restaurants. With that said, Matyson has that romantic, small-establishment flair, which I really like. I usually go to a restaurant with a few people to get an idea for the entire menu. Unfortunately, it was just me and my wife when we went to Matyson. So my assessment might be a bit skewed towards the things we tried.
We had the rock octopus appetizer and seared froi gras. The froi gras was the best seared froi gras I've had. Masterfully cooked and delicious. Octopus...it was good, but we've had better (Raddichio's Octopus dishes).
We had the pan-roasted fillet mignon and the lobster special. They were both well cooked, nicely salted and peppered. Flavor is on the simpler side and focuses more on bringing out the natural flavor of things rather than trying to accomplish complex flavor palette. It was very enjoyable. I would definitely come again with more people and would recommend it to anyone.The food at this BYOB is a foodie's dream! Be sure to make a reservation.  We had an 8:00 reservation and every seat in the place was occupied until 10p on a Monday night! The chef is an artist so don't expect anything standard. The food was fresh and delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed the duck entree. It is a bit pricey but well worth it. Our bill was $170 for 3 adults with 3 courses. Matyson is a must try!The delicious and always consistent food is only outdone by the service.  Eating at Matyson over the years is always a pleasure.  We recently enjoyed the brussel sprouts, bone marrow, kale salad (almost like a chopped caesar, but healthier and not a touch overdressed) as well as the durado.Overall experience 3.5: 
A solid 3.0 for the food and the 0.5 cause it's BYOB. 
I'm going to keep this review short. 
Good solid flavors BUT very tiny, tiny, tiny portions for the price. The Stripe Bass entree had the most in volume, out of the 4 entrees we ordered. It looks like a 4oz cut. It's a little small for a $27 plate, that's just my opinion. 
The flavor was good from the half of fork full of fish that my dinner date shared with me. 
My Pork Cheeks was good, the broth made it tasted hearty. I finished my plate in 5 fork-full, not by choice. Again...the serving is petite.  Matyson should change the "entree' listing to "tapas"...cause each one of us left hungry after blowing $50 a head. 
Good place to go for the 3rd or 5th (intimate) date where you want to set an impression. 
Girls: this is a good place to go, where you can give the illusion of eating a full entree, and not leave with a belly pouch that leaves you insecure at the end of the night, should you decide to take your relationship to the next level in the bedroom.I went here on a Thursday night for a date. My date chose the restaurant and I had not been here before this. When we first walked in I saw that the restaurant was on the small side and dimly lit. We had a reservation and were seated right away towards the back of the restaurant. Our server seemed very formal at first but quickly loosened up and ended up being very nice and quite funny. 
The menu was relatively small with a few starter options and a handful of entrées. I prefer to have more options and this was alarming to me at first, but I ultimately decided on the cobia fish entrée. My date chose the pork and clams dish. To begin we shared the arugula salad. My apprehension was completely abated with the salad. It was very flavorful and the perfect start to our meal. In fact, I regretted only getting one to share.
Both of the entrees were delicious. My fish was light, flaky and surrounded by multiple sauces that complimented the cobia very well. I thought at first sight of the plate that I would not be full at the end, but found the fish to be very substantial and I did not feel hungry at the end. 
None the less, we did order dessert as I am a sucker for sweets. I got the house made caramel/pineapple ice cream and my date got the white chocolate key lime semifreddo. Both were fantastic. I had a hard time choosing a favorite between the semifreddo and the ice cream; the semifreddo had the tartness that I often love in a dessert and the ice cream had the sweetness that I also love. Both were rich and creamy.
Overall, this restaurant blew me away. I entered not expecting too much; a stuffy restaurant with stuffy food. Instead I got a wonderful meal and experience. This little BYOB is definitely a place to check out. With their ever changing menu I will be sure to come back to discover new delicacies.Decent food, warm ambiance, but abrasive service.
Matyson has a warm, cozy ambiance, and was buzzing on a Friday night with an older, well-heeled crowd.  We started off with the Moroccan lamb belly and veal sweetbreads: the lamb was utterly tasteless and disappointing, but the sweetbreads were tender and perfectly cooked.  For mains, I had the pork chop (which was excellent), and my friend had the hiramasa (also very good, but the kimchi springroll thing on the side was just terrible).  Dessert was a special that day: a homemade peppermint ice cream bomb covered in a chocolate shell - absolutely phenomenal!
While the cuisine overall was good, our waiter (who sounded just like Norm MacDonald) was abrasive and overly familiar.  When we first sat down, I was in the middle of telling my friend a story; "Norm" simply and unapologetically interrupted me and began rattling off the specials.  And while I understand the restaurant was packed, the food came out of the kitchen very slowly, and not once did "Norm" check on us or offer any apology for the wait.
All in all, I would recommend Matyson as a cozy little BYO, but definitely be wary of the service.In looking at past reviews of Matyson, it seems all the poor reviews are at least a year old. Whatever they've done in 2010 seems to have significantly improved things!
I went for a holiday lunch with my team from work, four of us total. The place was absolutely packed with an eclectic clientele. We ordered the calamari, mussels and pierogies to start. The calamari might have been the best I've had anywhere; it was cooked perfectly.
Two in our party got the Steak Frittes, another got the burger, and I got the sturgeon. I didn't get a chance to try the steak, but the fries were phenomenal. They had just a touch of truffle oil on them. My dish was done perfectly, and the brussel sprouts it came with were flavorful and soft. I couldn't find anything I didn't like.
The desserts seem a little overpriced, especially the red wine poached pear. It was good, but not $9 good. I'd get the lemon souffle tart instead.
Bottom line, I'll go back, but only for special occasions; it's a little spendy, but worth it. Also, if you're not a truffle fan, you might not enjoy even sitting in the restaurant. The entire place smelled like them, which, for me, made it like heaven on earth!
NOTE: After learning a little more about sturgeon, I called them today to find out where mine came from.  The sturgeon I ate is listed as a "good alternative" to overfished wild sturgeon by the Monterey Bay Seafood Watch program. Matyson gets theirs from the Columbia River. Of course, farmed would be best, but at least they're not further depleting the population...Just got back from lunch at Matyson.  I was a bit hesitant to go after some crazy comments made by a member of the audience at the Ripert/Bourdain show, but I wasn't paying and weird audience member aside I had been looking forward to trying this place.
I had the spicy lamb wrap with a salad on the side.  It was really good.  The veggies including some carrots marinated in something added a nice crunch.  The lamb was very tender and flavorful, and the salad on the side tasted great too.  I pretty much cleaned my plate.  I also had a very refreshing passion fruit iced tea.
My only complaint was that our waitress seemed super flustered.  Maybe she's new?  We waited for about 10 minutes, and then finally asked a waitress passing by who our waitress was.  Turns out it was her, she said something about confusion over who was covering what tables.  The food came pretty quickly, and my iced tea was re-filled promptly so I think the initial slowness was just a fluke.The food is excellent.  the portions are a bit small but you don't leave hungry.  Their sweet potato perogies are very tasty. the pork chop is excellent and cooked to perfection.  (MAKE SURE TO BRING YOUR OWN ALCOHOL!) it is very important to also save room for there desserts that they are best known for.  Nice romantic night out.  although it is a bit loud.I was up in Philly on business last week and had the chance to get dinner here.  Had no idea Matyson was a BYOB place, since we went there on the suggestion of the concierge at our hotel.  Besides my slight disappointment not being able to have some wine with dinner everything was great.  There were three of us at dinner and two of us ordered the tasting menu, while the third ordered the sea scallops and a bowl of apple, broccoli, celery puree soup.  
The tasting menu was a winter citrus 5-course menu.  Lime, Grapefruit, Lemon, Blood Orange and one more clearly forgettable fruit.  This tasting menu had some of everything, a lobster course, a scallop course, a veal cheek course, a pulled pork empanada, and a great blood orange tart.  
The restaurant is owned by Matt Spector and Sonjia Bidegain, who also own a great place called JoLe in CA.  The food is inventive and the even though the menu is short, if you go with the tasting menu (which changes every few days) you can't go wrong.Still a 5 star spot
Tasting menu is tasty
Consistently greatNo decor at all....food and service and was great! Lamb Belly and Duck Breast was fabulous!  Will dine there again! Wine and Spirit store around the corner in case you forgot a bottle of wine....it's BYOB.$45 for a 5 course tasting menu. A great bargain considering the quality of the food. This week's theme was "fresh from the farm." Woohoo! 
Started with an heirloom tomato salad. So refreshing (and healthy!) I loved the cucumber water in the dressing. 
Second course was the grilled diver scallop with Lancaster County succotash and truffled wine berries. Scallop was cooked perfectly; great texture. Also, the wine berries looked like little clumps of caviar. 
The third course was the *star*: crispy skinned sockeye salmon, 
baby eggplant, young leeks, spicy bok choy, and pork jus. I don't love salmon, but I would eat this every night for dinner if I could. I would put the sauce in a water bottle and drink it around town. SO GOOD. Run to Matyson before the week is up so you can try this. You won't be disappointed. 
The fourth course was my least favorite. Herb- roasted rack of lamb 
with zucchini & summer squash, harissa & feta. I was looking forward to this one because I have a bit of a thing for harissa. It wasn't that it was bad, it's just that it had the unfortunate luck of following the salmon.  I also wasn't a huge fan of the big chunks of feta. 
Ahhh but then dessert came and knocked my socks off once again. A poached Clingstone peach with blueberry ice cream. This peach, let me tell you, was like a cartoon drawing of a peach. That's how gorgeous it was! A perfect yellow/orange half-circle that you could cut with a spoon, topped with subtle, smooth, delicious ice cream. It doesn't get much better than that on a muggy Philadelphia summer night. 
I was so impressed!  You can tell how much the chefs care about the product they're serving.  Will definitely be back for another tasting menu extravaganza!  I can't wait until fall when all the pumpkin and apple flavors will come out of hiding.If there is one restaurant I miss about my one week visit in Philly, was definitely MATYSON.
something about your tasty food (I'm drooling right now) that makes me miss you oh so darn much,
good ambiance and service, went here on a date, so it was cute. BYOB also...  price? a bit pricey, I think it came up to $95-100 for the two of us..
I mean, I wish I can explain more about this restaurant that makes me MISS it so much, but you just gotta try it your self. 
we had a couple of appetizer, foie gras and what else I couldn't recall
BUT,
I had the lamb shank (still drooling) and thats all I remember, and thats enough for me to give it a 5*BYOB and top notch cuisine....fabulous combo.
Small dining area, but the vibe is neighborly and the tastes rise above all else. 
Foie gras is simply wonderful. Maple reduction sauce makes you wish the dish was bottomless. What a treat. 
Get a nice bottle if vino, a good friend and enjoy a great, great meal at reasonable price.