Have friends or family visiting from out of town? TAKE THEM TO MAX BRENNER! Want to take that special someone out for a romantic evening? TAKE THEM TO MAX BRENNER! And not just for dessert! Cocktails...Dinner... it's ALL delicious! The atmosphere is fun for all ages.  We've taken both of our families here and both were wowed and impressed. I've been here for a business lunch and of course it's the perfect date spot. We've visited over a dozen times and every time is just as great as the last. 
The Southwestern Caesar Salad with Chicken is one of my favorites and he always gets the Burger--the waffle fries are dusted with cocoa powder and make them that much tastier.  Dessert is obviously the best course--the Peanut Butter Chocolate Euphoria is PERFECT for sharing (and I highly recommend it!).  Drink a bottle of wine or sip a hot chocolate in a Hug Mug....either way GO TO MAX BRENNER!I came in here with a few girlfriends for dessert. Service was good and attentive. The food was just so so. I ordered the Mexican hot chocolate. It needed to be richer, sweeter and spicier. I also ordered the fondue. The food was the easy to dip as brownie and cookie kept breaking up. I just ended up eating those without dipping. The vessels they give you to dip the food it are not easy to use because there's not much chocolate in each. The chocolate also could have been richer and sweeter. 
I left still feeling like I wanted dessert I didn't get here.Had a reservation for lunch during $20 pre-fix meal restaurant week. Wings came out undercooked. Our waitress gave us another order and our food came at the same time. They were decent. The burger was good, but no better than one from TGIF or Applebee's. Dessert was a crepe with peanut butter, banana and chocolate....very good. Overall, I enjoyed the experience but I don't know that I'd go back.I would recommend corn croquettes side, which is the best item I had at Max Brenner. My group also got the chili and cocoa powder waffle fries, which were good, but the cocoa was not a noticeable flavor-- definitely seen, but not tasted. The onion rings with the chocolate ranch dressing was the adventurous dish of the night. The rings were good, but like the fries, the chocolate looked like it was added, but was not tasted. 
The hot chocolate is okay, nothing very special, but drinking it out of the hug mug was an experience I would recommend for people who haven't been here. They had a good apple tart a while ago and their chocolate fondu is a fun dessert. 
I would go here for the experience, but do not plan on going again unless I have a guest in the city.Yuck.... just yuck 
Let's start with the avocado skin in my salad.... jump to the dirty floor where something spilled and wasn't cleaned up properly.....
Dessert?!? Oh wait that was another ordeal PRETTY sure they never put it in to start.
Needless to say we won't be returningAmazing place for chocolate desserts! 
First time: I got Max's famous chocolate mess party for two, which was good but has wayyyy too much whipped cream. The layer of cake on the bottom was pretty thin (no more than 0.5 inch thick), and the amount of whipped cream on top was HUGE. More cake (and a bit more vanilla ice cream to balance it out) and less whipped cream would make the dessert perfect. The choco-pops topping was delicious (adds crunchiness and even more chocolate flavor to the smooth ice cream and cake texture). Nothing impressive, like 3 stars...
BUT 2nd time: I got Euphoria Peanut Butter Chocolate Fudge Sundae (Max I-Scream), which was amazing! The peanut butter fudge was so thick and so good. It was better than the first dessert and definitely a lot more unique -- worth like 4.5 stars. 
Will have to try some chocolate drinks next time! Heard milkshakes here are amazing.First stop for Center City Restaurant Week:  Max Brenner for lunch. Three courses for $20. Multiple choices for each course, but I picked the chips with spinach/artichoke fondue to start, the Brenner Burger (bbq sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheddar, onion ring) with cocoa/chili waffle fries, and the peanut butter and banana chocolate crepe with chocolate ganache for dessert. Massive amount of food, but my stomach is superhuman when it has to be and I ate every last bite (to the shock of my dining companions). Because of this, I had no more room for actual chocolate or hot chocolate in a hug mug "by the bald man," but walked it off for sure right afterward. I was really surprised at the size of the portions, especially for prixe fixe menu at lunchtime! I mean, especially tne dessert, man! A full-on crepe filled with rich peanut butter, banana slices, and even more peanut butter sauce, and chocolate ganache to pour over the top - almost put ME over the top, if you know what I mean. The full dessert order according to the regular menu includes dulce de leche ice cream too...! Whew. Twenty bucks was a good deal, a ton of food, service was okay.Me and my wife go here when ever we get a "Date Night" this place is awsome! The lunch and dinner food is good, but obviously the real star is the deserts. Between the 2 of us we've tried almost everything and never really had a bad desert. If you go in the winter make sure you get the hot chocolate in a "hug mug"! Weird mug but really good hot chocolate. One word of advice try to pee b4 going into this restaurant because they only have 2 single person bathrooms and sometimes their is a line. You can trust this review because I'm a chubby guy and you know us plumper people really know our food!Way overpriced for what you get.  We got the chocolate fondue for two.  It came with a tiny portion of barely warm chocolate, bruised bananas, a curiously hard "waffle" and a few other things.  On a positive note, the Mexican hot chocolate was tasty.  Peanut Butter Hot Chocolate was delWe went here for dessert only, but what won me over was the yummy aroma of chocolate when you first walk in. The Churros Fondue was good but a little too sweet. Their hot chocolate was good too but you figure at a place like this, it should be. What I really liked though was their Chocolate Chunks Pizza "The Works" (chocolate, hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter sauce and roasted marshmallows). This is a good place to grab dessert with your girlfriends. I imagine this would be a good place to get your chocolate fix when you're pms'ing too. ;)Dessert ( chocolate cake) was delicious. Chicken and waffles was not tasty unfortunately :(Horrible hostess/ manager whoever was in charge of reservations and giving out tables. Our server was great and made up for it. The food was good average, but the desserts are fantastic!! Definitely a fun experience when it comes to the desserts. Don't know if I'd go again if due to the hostess. I would go into details about what she did and how she treated us but wouldn't want it to effect the restaurant...My daughter and I came here for lunch during the DNC. We were lucky enough to find parking on the street near by and a not crowded restaurant. The server was lovely. She was very helpful in helping me make my choices. We ordered a B.A.L.T. sandwich and My daughter had crispy chicken mac and cheese. The portions were huge. The food was good. We had left overs. Max's is all about chocolate so we got dessert. A melting chocolate cake that was over the top and an ice cream sundae. Both were really good. I gave this place 4 stars only because I thought they were kind of on the expensive side but the portions were HUGE, could have had less food and a little cheaper price.I went to this place to get a dessert and what I ended up getting was the best milkshake I have ever tried. The other person I went with got the Hazelnut Cream Chocolate Milkshake and I got the Eighties Milkshake. Both of us agreed the milkshakes here were amazing, though sadly the prices are higher here than Nifty Fifties and many other places. I doubt the other locations are worse than this one so enjoy Boston, NY, and Vegas!Just visited here for restaurant week. The food was great, our waiter was great. Surprisingly the portions were still the same. I was full from just the appetizer: dry rub wings. The BBQ sauce was so yummy. The only down side was the maitre'D was a bit off putting. On the bright side I do want to go back and hopefully the ratings will improveOK, I know people love chocolate, and that's great, but I went here for lunch with a party of four, and I was shockingly disappointed.  The service was incredibly slow, albeit polite.  The food was cold when it came out, stale, and vastly over-priced.  The only saving grace was the hot chocolate I ordered for dessert, but by the time I received it, I had already acquired an insurmountable disdain for this place.  
Max Brenner ever again?  No thank you!Never bothered too much about going to Max Brenner but one day my husband and I decided to grab dessert here after dinner. and i am so happy we did.
They have this vanilla ice cream pop fondue that is amazing.  $7.95 of happiness.  You get a stick of vanilla ice cream (made by magnum and supposedly shipped from Isreal) and 3 bowls of goodies to dip it in.  1 bowl of melted chocolate, 1 bowl of some crunchy toffee/chocolate, 1 bowl of these deliciously wonderful chocolate wafer balls.  I was dipping this pop withe the enthusiasm and excitement of a 2 yr old in a Hello Kitty store.  
We also got the waffle fries as my husband's "salty dessert" which come w/ a side of chili mayo - delicious as well!!  what a great combo.This spot was different, something I'd never seen before so it was a welcome change. My sister and I ordered the cookies and cream milkshake. In my opinion, the milkshake was liquid ice crystals with a little bit of Oreo flavoring. I've never had a milk shake that liquid. My sister also didn't enjoy hers. We are not the type to complain so we just drunk what we could and left the rest. My other sister had the chocolate cake which was delicious. I'm not completely sold on this restaurant and not sure if I'd return.This place was really cute. I loved the decor..and  the food was tasty!!! I came here with four of my girlfriends for restaurant week. 
I ordered the Chubby Smoked Turkey Club with smoked bacon, dijon aioli, lettuce, tomato and additional avocado. It was a large portion. I could only eat half of the sandwich.. the entree was served with waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder.. the waffle fries were DELICIOUS! There was also this spicy mayo sauce that was so tasty!!! 
Afterwards, we decided to share the Chocolate Pizza warm thin pastry topped with double melted chocolate chunks, melted marshmallows and candied hazelnut crunchy bits.. talk about AMAZINGLY GOOD!  
 I also picked up a love mug.. which I thought was totally adorable. it's a mug in an oval shape... ideal for hugging the mug close to you with both hands as you enjoy your warm beverage on a cold night. The only downfall was that I thought that this place was pretty pricey. I think it's a nice place to go every now and then for a little splurge... or even just for dessert since they have so much to chose from.I recently went to this place on a trip after a local friend recommended it. It hit the spot for my chocolate craving. The restaurant was a fun experience and everyone was so friendly. Seems like a hot spot for tourists.Quick run down. It's Valentine's day, couldn't end the day without dessert, so we decided to come here, but then also ended up getting two appetizers :P Before I start on food, the place was darkly lit (don't know if it was because they tried to set a romantic ambiance or  if it's always like that).. I didn't really like how dark it was, but anywho, our waitress was nice and service was good. Place was interestingly decorated.
Onto food. For appetizers, we got the mac n' cheese (forgot the name) and then some chicken wings. it was one of the better mac'n'cheeses that i've had in a while. Elbow macaroni mixed with stringy, cheesy, melted goodness with bacon bits, diced tomatoes sprinkled on top, side of extra diced tomatoes and marinara sauce in a small beaker. The combination was really good. I liked the wings (charred/grilled taste to them, not like the typical fried wings that my bf prefers more of :P)  If only i remembered to take pictures. Then for dessert we got the euphoria peanut butter sundae of some sort. It was good, but definitely peanut butter sauce overload. Peanut butter chocolate ice cream, with bananas, dulce de leche ice creams, lots of peanut butter sauce, and whipped cream. I really wanted the ice cream but it was hard to find drenched in all that sweet sauce.
Overall, it was pretty good. but ummm, PRICEY. appetizers costs as much as entrees at other restaurants. (it was over $50 including tax&tip for our 2 appetizers, a dessert, and a soft drink).. but we might come back. 
oops. got carried away. sorry for the "quick run down"Fun atmosphere. And hmmm that smell of chocolate is so inviting. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Will definitely go back and recommend!!Will never come here during restaurant week EVER again. Service was AWFUL!!! I won't base my full opinion on this place today given that it's a "Philadelphia holiday" here in center city I.e. Restaurant week. However, you are still paying over $10 a glass of wine and the servers should still at least check on you when you've been sitting there for 20 minutes between courses with a dry wine glass. They could've probably easily sold me on one or 2 more glasses with double the tip if they had paid half attention to me. As far as the food, quinoa salad was delicious (although they won't "86" anything even if you have an allergy, although my vegetarian friend was offered special compliments...weird). When stated I was allergic to tomatoes they said we could suggest something else, except remove them, like seriously? ...salmon was  dry as a bone and they used the same 4 ingredients in all dishes offered. Boring. Dessert wasn't bad, but definitely did not highlight their best features, frankly they reminded me of a more dull melting pot. I had high hopes for this restaurant and probably won't be returning soon. Nicole, our server was nice at first until the order was placed and hadn't seen her unless we flagged her down the rest of the night. I don't think this place is worthy of spending your hard earned money to act like a crumb patron at Applebee's. Smh.I am disappointed to say that I will not be coming here again. I'm a local to Philly and have lived here for years and frequented Max Brenner's on multiple occasions. Though my last visit here on Monday of last week (1/15 around 4:15pm) was not a good experience, unfortunately. Upon getting there we were seated quickly which was great, though it took well over 10 minutes for our waitress to come over and give us menus or offer us drinks. After getting us both waters, she returned to the table asking us what we wanted to order. My friend and I were having trouble understanding how the restaurant week menu worked and needed clarification questions. I'm guessing our waitress expected us not to ask ANY questions in regards to what WE are paying for because she got very nasty with us. After I stated I was going to be going elsewhere due to her unpleasant attitude, she proceeded to snatch the menus from our hands and yell quite loudly as she was walking away, "okay leave, that's how the menus work everywhere in Philly!". Other people stopped eating around us and were looking as she was yelling, it was quite an embarrassing site to say the least. After this happened we simply left because I did not want to argue with her or make the conflict larger than it had to be. I meant to contact the restaurant later that night but got caught up and didn't get the chance to. I'm hoping she doesn't treat other potential customers who have questions in such a foul manner, to be honest I'd be furious had I brought my elderly mother or a close family member and received such treatment. I don't remember the young woman's name but she had blonde hair and thick framed glasses, I pray that other individuals don't have to deal with the mistreatment she directed onto us. Like I stated I have nothing against Max Brenner's and have frequented this spot for years, though I will not tolerate rude and bad service and felt that my experience should be shared.The dessert is where it's at although I would suggest only trying one per visit unless you're sharing. 
I was in from out of town so I splurged and tried the hot chocolate and a s'mores concoction. The hot chocolate was rich, creamy, and amazing. The concoction was a little overwhelming with its sweetness. The flavor of the sauces were distinct and nice but I couldn't exactly tell what was in the mug. I would try it again though, just with a friend. Presentation was also fantastic!I've been asking my boyfriend to come here for a while and I was overly excited when we finally went. It was a cute restaurant but what I noticed when I walked in was that it was toooo dark!! He calls me a granny but it took more effort to read the menu by the candle, which isn't exactly favorable. There was a mixed crowds of families, groups of friends and dates. I ordered the s'mores sundae, which was good for the first 5-7 bites but it was too rich. My boyfriend ordered the banana waffle dessert, which I also tried and we both agreed we wouldn't order that again. The waffle was room temperature and dense/cake-y. We were expecting warm, fluffy waffles to contrast the ice cream so we were kind of let down by that. Good thing I paid with a Groupon because I thought it was kind of pricey for what we got. Three stars for food presentation and service. I probably won't come back for a while. My expectations were too high. Good if you want to indulge but otherwise, Naked Chocolate is close by and way more affordable for a college student on a budget, looking for a treat (aka...GIANT frozen hot chocolate for $6).Full disclosure: I am currently in a severe food/diabetic coma, lying on my back in a combination of ecstasy and agony after eating dinner at Max Brenner's tonight. 
I'll begin with the service. Our waitress was excellent. I love a waiter or waitress who knows the menu and can make solid, informed recommendations. Ours did just that. She walked us through the voluminous menu and told us exactly what to get- and my friend and I were so happy that we did!
Our waitress recommended that we share an appetizer and then each have a dessert. My friend and I shared the crunchy mac-n-cheese, and oh wow, was it delicious. It has chunks of bacon in it, smooth, rich, creamy (but also stretchy) cheese, a tasty broiled top, and is served with marinara sauce and bitty diced tomatoes. Wow is this good! I am a mac-n-cheese fiend and this really hit the spot. Even my friend who doesn't really like mac-n-cheese loved this. We finished every scrap. We wanted to lick the cute little bowl and serving tray.
Then came the winners of the evening: the chocolate heart cakes. I had the Golden Heart, and I don't think I can fully express how freaking amazing it is in a PG-rated way. This cake brought me to a level of pleasure I never thought I could get to by chocolate alone. It came out on a big white plate covered with a bunch of little plates. There was the glass potion jar filled with caramel sauce (promptly poured onto my spoon three times and devoured), a little bowl of toffee bananas (meh, not my favorite), a teeny bowl of dulce de leche ice cream dotted with a splash of chocolate fondue (mmmm), and...drum roll...the chocolate heart cake. 
This cake. It is warm and brownie like, and you put your spoon into the side and open it, and it is filled with a gooey chocolate center, with a faint hint of caramel. It is gooey and mushy and creamy, but the cake shell still holds onto its fluffy-browny texture. I really am not a chocolate cake person but Max Brenner has changed my mind. My words are not doing this dish justice. Oh, and when you order it, don't be upset that it looks small. I have an appetite and I am not shy about eating, and I literally could not finish this.
And the best part- the meal was $50 with tip. Fabulous food, great service, and a reasonable price? Yes please! I will be going back for sure...especially because I saw someone eating a burger that looked simply epic. Can't wait 'til next time!I'm puzzled.
Maybe my lunch-mates and I would have had a different experience if we had ordered chocolate delights instead of lunch, but everything about my experience at Max Brenners was pretty bad, mediocre if I'm being generous.
Service - 20 minutes before a server acknowledged that we existed. It usually doesn't bother me to have a leisurely lunch but we were in a bit of a rush and the fact that she walked by several times without so much as a "I'll be right with you" was a turnoff to me.
Food - just bad. Breakfast potatoes were hard enough to be barely edible. Waffle cubano (reliving the regret as I type that) looked like something out of a '90s children's cookbook. In addition, everything had an odd chocolate, willy wonka taste to it that I didn't dock any stars for because I understand that it's their schtick but I found it off putting.
To top it all off, the place felt dirty and like it needed to be wiped down from top to bottom, and in an almost empty restaurant I was seated directly behind a very large gentleman who took up much more of the space between the tables than I did. The arrangement was not comfortable for either of us.
Maybe the hot chocolate is good, but then again so is Swiss miss.A good friend of mine loves this restaurant, and I was finally coerced into going. The waffle fries and onions rings were tasty and the milkshakes were delicious. The atmosphere however does not scream fine dining, fun, or classy. It was loud and the staff could have been better trained. For the items we ordered, I think Max Brenner's is just a tad overpriced for something so average. Nothing is outstanding or incredible. Over priced and very over-hyped. I enjoyed the food, but the price, atmosphere, and service left much to be desired.I was a little torn about whether to give a two- or three-star review.  I ended up opting for the two because when I thought about what a two means, I decided it encompassed my feelings about my visit here -- "Meh.  I've experienced better."  
I was a little leery going into the evening because of some of the other reviews I had read, but when my meal came, I was pleasantly surprised to really enjoy the food I ordered.  I had the B.A.L.T. (B, L, and T were the traditionals; the A stood for avocado) and thought it was a tasty and served nicely.  The waffle fries that accompanied the dish were hot and crispy as well.  Overall, I was pleased with this part of my meal.  My husband enjoyed the Mexican pizza he ordered as well.  I thought the portion was fair for the price as well.  It wasn't huge, but satisfying.  As far as the service went, I was pleased with the attentiveness of our server.  She was very efficient and friendly and kept our water well filled.  No complaints on those two fronts.
So why the two?  Well, for one, when we got there, despite having had a reservation for several weeks, our group of 8 adults was seated at a high-top table in the back of the restaurant.  The table was not only too small for 8 (it should hold six at most), but expecting people to sit at a cramped high-top table on bar stools for the length of a meal is a little ridiculous.  Just for drinks and desserts would be a more appropriate use of that table.  Furthermore, because we had no chair backs we ended up having to put our coats and purses on the floor.  Really annoying and kind of gross.  For the record, we tried draping the coats over our chairs but it made an already uncomfortable seating situation all the worse --- and more slippery/treacherous.
Also because the table was so crowded, when our meals came, our plates were pretty much all on top of one another.  We even had to figure out a place to stash the three dessert menus that were left on the table.  You can guess where they went -- on top of the coat pile on the floor.
The bathrooms were a joke as well.  Two single-stall bathrooms for a restaurant of that size was ridiculous.  We were seated near the bathroom and at times the line of people waiting snaked out of the bathroom hallway and into the restaurant itself.
Finally, dessert.  I was kind of expecting that barring anything else that wouldn't be up to par, that the desserts would be the saving grace.  I was wrong.  Given the price (each dessert was as much as an entree), our Banana Split Waffle was small.  I would even go so far as to say it was tiny.  It was not worth the $14.  Also, my husband and I agreed that the waffle was really quite dry.  I was expecting spectacular and what I received was anything but.  It was okay, just not worth the expense or the calories.This place is great! I've been here about 8 times. 8 out of 7 the services and staff was great! But for that once they deserves 3 star... there was not that many customers that day/time and all of the staff was busy talking to each other while I was trying to get their attention for a cup of water... and we asked for our bill and it took forever.. I mean forever... because they were busy talking... I mean I like the food and everything but seriously the staffs should pay more attention to the customers!Max Brenner's is a Philadelphia establishment charging New York City prices.  Everything is 30% more than it should be and while the food is certainly good the prices are by no means justified.
The place is know for its chocolate, and while competently executed, it is nowhere near the mecca of chocolate that it is billed to be.
Good place for lunch or dinner if price is no object but there are both places of better value and quality.So... I find myself downtown for St. Baldrick's Day (annual event to raise money to fight childhood cancers), and the bar where its located is too packed to grab a meal.  So the missus and I take a quick stroll north and find Max Brenner's.  A chocolatier who also serves food?  Let's give it a try...
The interior design can only be described as a cross between Willy Wonka's chocolate factory and the Milk Bar from "A Clockwork Orange".  Very, very odd, but kinda cool in a quirky way.  The aroma of chocolate was heavy in the air;  Not super-sweet, more of the "in processing" cocoa aroma, which is fine.
The food was very, very good.  As it was Friday during Lent, I had the Sandwich of the Seas, a salmon burger that was extremely well cooked and very tasty.  My wife had a mozzarella, basil, and tomato panini that was also very good.  The waffle fries that come with them, lightly dusted in cocoa powder no less, were extremely good.
The only downside was, oddly enough, at the end of the night.  While our server was pretty good overall, he gave my wife some bad advice on the Mexican Spiced Hot Cocoa... He said it was relatively mild and more of a sweet spice.  However, given I switched with her, I can say it definitely had more of a kick than that;  I enjoyed it, but I'm a chili head.
It was definitely worth the visit, if only for the quirky vibe.  The fact that the food at a chocolatier was as good as it was just made the visit even better.I love this place! Soooo decadent and delicious! They will also tailor your order to what you want. We shared the peanut butter chocolate sundae for two and it was still too big. The hot chocolate is to die for! A small cup is super filling!I'm so glad I finally got to try Max Brenner as all of my friends in the east coast rave about it! I have to admit the bald man intimidated me at first glance, but I realized he just wants us to obsess about chocolate. How not to fall in love with him??
My family and I came here for dessert only. The service was fantastic and I would like to thank our server for the wonderful experience!
I was thinking about skipping the drinks, but everyone was super thirsty by the time we got to the restaurant. I'm glad we didn't, because each of them tasted fantastic! All of the smoothie drinks came in the adorable MB "Alice" cup!
1. Orange Smoothie ($6.75): Fresh fruit smoothie with the perfect amount of cinnamon! This was probably my favorite!
2. Fruit Smoothie ($6.75): It's a blend of strawberry, mango, banana, and orange juice, but instead of using passion fruit as it says on the menu, the Max Brenner at Philly uses superfruit. It looked like a chocolate shake but was super refreshing.
3. Golden Latte ($6.75): One word...HONEY. The aroma of this fruit yogurt drink was perfect.
4. Yellow Granita ($3.50): This was my drink. It's a lemonade blended with fresh mint and ice--hands down the MOST refreshing drink I've had! Some might find it too sour, but I thought it was perfect! It ties with the Orange Smoothie!
MB has an amazing assortment of desserts. Their menu is divided into hot chocolates, cocktails and milkshakes, waffles, cake desserts, fondue, and ice cream.
1. Tutti Fruitti Waffles ($13.95): Belgian waffles with berries and a scoop of ice cream. Comes with the chocolatey goodness known as choco-pops, which are crunchy chocolate pearls!
2. Munchies Waffles ($13.95): The better waffle deal with TWO scoop of ice cream. 
3. The Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake & Shake ($14.25): To be honest, I should have gotten a waffle instead. The set comes with a chocolate lava cake (with white chocolate in the center), vanilla ice cream, and an iced milk chocolate shot. It did not come with berries as it was noted in the menu. The ice cream melted pretty quick next to the warm milk chocolate pot that's to be poured on the cake. The cake itself was pretty dry.
We came when it was 8 p.m., and they were all out of the I-Scream Bar Fondue. I should have went with a fondue instead. Can't complain too much, though. Our server was attentive and everything tasted great.My BF and I went here for Brunch today because I had purchased a Groupon a while back. Turns out the Groupon was only for Mon-Fri, which completely sucked since that is the reason why I decided to eat there to begin with.
I had the Mexi omelet which came with potatoes and a biscuit. The omelet was okay nothing special, but the biscuit was delicious! It was coated in sugar and they give you a side of melted milk chocolate to dip the biscuit in. Heavenly! I also had a chocolate espresso martini which was AMAZING!
My bf ordered a burger, which looked pretty good, but I don't eat meat so I don't know for sure. 
We had a chocolate chip cookie for dessert, which was pretty pricey at $5, but was definitely delicious. 
I wouldn't go back for the food but will definitely return for the dessert and martinis!I've only been here once and I didn't really enjoy it. I really want to like this restaurant so hopefully I'll be back, for a better experience.
We had a reservation, but they still made us wait around a half hour, for a table that seemed to be put together last minute and in the back of the restaurant where it was secluded from the rest of the restaurant (in a bad way).
The service was okay.. we had to ask twice for water, and when it came, it was in different cups cause I guess they ran out - the server made a joke and everything was smooth from then on, although a little slow. Maybe it was a busy night.
I had the salmon, but it was way too overcooked.. it was just dry. It was seriously a chore to finish it. My friend had a pasta dish that reminded me of Lean Cuisine.. it wasn't horrible, but it wasn't great. I heard that the spicy tuna sandwich was great, so hopefully I'll get to try it next time..
The frozen lemonade was great, but that was pretty much the only thing I liked, since I didn't get to try the dessert :(.Feels like a tourist attraction. I would only go for desert and even then there are way better places nearby. The deserts are WAY over the top and although very good are enough for three people to share. A good place to go if your feeling low and need a big indulgence. I wouldn't suggest going there for regular food. Service was not great.The food is amazing! I would highly recommend the Banana Split Waffles and the Mushroom and Smoked Mozzarella Mac&Cheese. Also, the waffle fries are the best I've had. Great food! I recommend getting a reservation, especially for the weekend. If you haven't stopped by, I'd definitely check it out.Really creative uses of chocolate throughout the menu. The cocktail list highlights drinks that use chocolate or cocoa in some way in many cases and the hot chocolate menu is unique. The food was good and the restaurant very entertaining in decor. It's worth a visit to experience their take on chocolate as something other than dessert.I took my 10 year old here on a Saturday in town. Place was packed, but we were seated right away. And then we waited 10 minutes to place our order. OK, it's busy. My daughter had Toffee Hot Chocolate and I had the Criollo (milk chocolate cream and peppermint schnapps). We waited about fifteen minutes for our drinks.I'd have thought these drinks would not have been so hard to make being it's a chocolate restaurant and all. 
Anyway. The hot chocolate comes in a "Hug A Mug" You wrap your hands around it and sip from the front. However, it was so hot that my daughter could not do this and used her spoon to eat it like soup. I wish my tepid drink could have had some of that heat. 
We also ordered the Urban S'Mores. It consist of of a little ramekin of peanut butter, one of jelly, a bowl of marshmallows and a little beaker of melted chocolate. They bring along a little Sterno heater for you to "roast your marshmallows". How long do you think it would take to prep all this? Five minutes if you move slow? 15 if you are super slammed? It took us 25 minutes to have this served to us. 
Considering how long we waited for everything I was none too happy with the bill. Had the service moved faster I would not have thought twice about it. And now that I see they have a kids menu, that was never offered to us, I really feel ripped off.Really cool, great menu and very tasty food.  We wandered into this place one afternoon looking for lunch.  What a cool place, and what's better than a restaurant that's also a chocolate store??
chili chocolate dusted waffle fries are a MUST.
Worth a stop in, most anything on the menu is tasty, and the prices are really reasonable for a Center City eatery.Made a reservation for my 17 year old daughter and 4 of her friends  on Sunday night at 8:00 PM and they didn't get seated till 9:30. They UBER down from the main line.  Spoke to the manager no less than 3 times he explained to me that he had a big party that stayed to long. That is not good management of the flow of tables, the party should have been asked to leave. The finally comp. the bill after I complained enough.Max brenner used to be a huge treat for my husband and I to go to after a meal and get dessert. To be honest, the quality in the last 6 or 7 years has really gone downhill. Not just in Philly but in NYC. They cut a bunch of corners and now the novelty has worn off and it's just no longer appealing. I'd prefer to go to a different restaurant that has a good dessert because the service, and overall experience, doesn't live up anymore. The food quality has also changed as well.A quick perusal of Max Brenner's Yelp reviews did not excite me to check it out. A friend advocated the grub and desserts here, but I remained pessimistic given its frequent comparisons to the Cheesecake Factory and its ilk. Fortunately, Max Brenner exceeded my admittedly low expectations. In fact, the dinner wait during peak Saturday hours was a measly five minutes for a 2-top. 
Drinks here run rather pricey, more than $10 per. Though my triple berry margarita refreshed the palette adequately, I still reel from the sticker shock. As a main, I opted for the cheesesteak waffle. This rendition of the Philly tourist classic left a good impression. Robustly beefy chopped sirloin, fried onion straws, a superbly tangy cheese sauce, and a crispy yet fluffy waffle replaced the requisite ingredients of the iconic sandwich. The concoction was too messy to eat with hands but was unique and rather tasty. My companion's more basic chicken dish, though very simple, similarly tasted pretty decent. The chicken possessed a nice sear, and the accompanying fingerling potatoes remained creamy.
Of course, the gimmick here resides with chocolaty desserts. To that end, we ordered the churros with dark chocolate dipping sauce. At $12, the portion appeared rather scant. Fried dough covered in sugar is rather hard to mess up, however, and so the dessert succeeded. Not the best churros I've eaten, but serviceable.
All told, I previously knew of this place as a dessert haven for chocoholics whose fare was not fit for the more food-oriented. While this meal certainly didn't rank among the best I've had in Philly, the food tasted surprisingly good and the portions were ample. The next time someone suggests Max Brenner's for a meal I won't be ecstatic, but at least I won't cringe.Everything I tried was excellent.  I had a sampling from the sliders and happy hour menu.  The mango drink and the mexican chocolate martini are both delicious.
The pulled pork is awesome.
The staff was friendly.
Down one star, the prices are a bit high, but the quality is also."Chocolate is the substitute for love and will always be there for you" my menu told me. My inner fat kid wanted to hug the menu. 
I sat at the bar and ordered an Italian Thick Dark Hot Chocolate. My friend got the regular Dark Hot Chocolate, but asked if it came with a marshmallow on top like in the picture. The guy behind the counter told her not normally, but he'd get one for her. He came back with our drinks and actually gave her two marshmallows because they were smaller than the photo.. totally won points. 
The staff, or at least our server, really knows their chocolate. He seemed genuinely happy to recount his favorites and to give suggestions. (I guess its not hard to like your job when it involves delicious treats)
The hot chocolate comes in these cute little "hug mugs" that you have to sort of cradle to drink out of. A simple and adorable little touch. Not to mention, the drink itself hit the spot.
The rest of the menu looks fantastic, albeit sort of expensive. But I have no issue paying for higher-end chocolate.
They also have a Patron happy hour with $5 mixed drinks that I really need to try. 
If you need stocking stuffers, or random presents, the restaurant's shop to the right of the entrance is worth looking at. They've got treats, gift baskets, hot chocolate with mugs, and other options.I signed up for Yelp to write this review. We were told enthusiastically over the phone that they had chocolate lava cake; strike 1, that was a lie. Everything seems to cost twice what it should, which only made us more excited for how good it would be. I ordered a coffee while I waited, which was served cold, and eventually replaced with hot, watery "coffee". We finally received our "lava" cake, only to discover that it was just a normal chocolate cake with a miniature scoop of ice cream, and more to the point it was the worst chocolate cake I've ever had, dry and bitter. The strange watery ganache they gave us added nothing.Cool place to grab a pretty unique dessert it is pricey though so keep that in mind.  Portions are on the small range so I would not suggest sharing.The main ingredient of this place is Chocolate , so expect most of the menu to include chocolate. We visited this place on Friday, it was pretty packed. There is a parking garage right next to the place. I tried the chocolate martini and the White Russian. The food was good and the service was good too. We had fondue of course and we had a good time there.Food: 4
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 3.5
Service: 3
Value: 3.5
Different kind of experience in a chocolate themed restaurant. Surprisingly, the best part were the french fries.The food was delicious and totally worth the price. I had a club sandwich which came with the waffle fries dusted in cocoa & chili powder. Dip those in the chipotle mayo that comes with it... yum yum yum. When we finally got to desert, I was ready for some chocolate. I ordered a chocolate & peanut butter something but let me tell you... by the end of that I was chocolated ooout. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious. But I must say the desserts are very expensive for what they give you. Definitely nice for a date.
The service though is not very attentive. Our waitress only visited our table once & didn't even refill our drinks. Tisk tisk!The food here is great, make sure you get something with their chocolate!  We got milkshakes with our lunch, but we'll definitely be making a special trip just for dessert.  I took a star off because i wasn't a huge fan of the atmosphere... loud, cramped,  and not enough booths. The tasty meal certainly made up for that though.disclaimer: have only been here once. for breakfast. was ok. nice. good service. chill. breakfast wasn't special or exceptional. actually lacked some flavor. had the skillet egg item. not sure if the simplicity was my fault for ordering or their fault for serving. everyone seems to love it so i am definitely going to try it again for lunch or dinner next time I'm in Philly.Had a reservation, our table was ready. Made some changes to their dishes for picky children. Everyone loves their entree and of course dessert. Server was very attentive and food somewhat slow but worth the wait. Grilled pineapple salad was delicious and chocolate cherry waffles are amazing.LOVE MAX BRENNER!
I always get the Brenner Burger just for the sauce that comes with the french fries. It is more than filling and very delicious.  As for the dessert, we usually get the fondu for two, which definitely feeds more than two. We love coming to Max Brenners for birthdays, pick me up dinners, or just for a good meal.The dessert will be some of the best you have ever eaten.  I love coming to this place after a phillies game for the S'mores concoction and some chocolate themed drinks. The s'mores is amazing and the dessert helps me eat bananas, which is something I'm not too fond of.  
We've always had an issue with a full meal.  Either the order was taken wrong or the food just not tasting great.  I'm willing to pay more for the dessert and drinks, but I feel ripped off getting an entree.Their chocolate pizzas, crepes and drinks are the best. The chicken cheesesteak waffle sandwich is DELICIOUS. The fries were good but a little oily.AMAZING place to eat or stop in for desert. It is ALL based of Chocolate recipes. You can get Adult Chocolate Milk in a ceramic cup with a metal straw that says "Drink Me" like Alice in Wonderland. The restaurant looks like a Chocolate Factory. The prices are high though but for the food you get and chocolate confections its so worth it.  They do cater to Theater goers so on weekend nights it can get pretty busy so make reservations.Right when you walk through the doors you're immediately hit with a ravishing chocolate smell and it only gets better from there. After we were seated we were promptly greeted by our server and felt welcome right away. Casey H. was prompt, attentive, and very friendly all while seeming to be extremely busy. Getting a dessert here to finish the night is a must as everything looks absolutely great. We'll definitely be returning soonBathroom were atrocious. Food experience was ok. Place was too loud you couldn't have a conversation with someone across table. Desserts too expensiveA bit expensive, nice place to have a desert. Lots of varieties to try. They aren't good for a take out and avoid it if you cannot get parking.This a fun experience restaurant! We have fine her several times.  My kids love going here and it is family friendly. Kids meals are better than average. Haven't had anything off the menu we didn't like but not a ton of variety for entrees. Mac and cheese is outstanding as well as cheese steak waffle. The star is definitely the chocolate and desserts. It would get 5 stars but service can be a little slow and splochy sometimes. Also, wish menu would change more after eating here a few times there's not much appeal. It's a great time however if your just looking for fun and different but doesn't hold up as a go to restaurant for ua.Loved this place!  Went with a friend one evening for dessert.  We enjoyed some yummy chocolate fondue and hot chocolate.  I had the dark chocolate Italian hot chocolate and it was so rich and good!  Not something to drink everyday, but definitely a nice treat!  I enjoyed the atmosphere of this place too.  I will definitely be going back!Amazing. You got to love chocolate in all forms to like this place. I fell in love with it. I went there twice and both the times had a great experience. 
Me and my boyfriend ordered cappuccino with Frangelico shot. It was perfect... came in a Kangaroo cup with chocolate pieces on side melting and making its way slowly into the spiked up coffee. The kick it gives you is instant and euphoric.
The other thing I loved in all its entity was Red Heart. It is an experience for all five sense. Sensual, not too sweet, not too gooey, just perfect combination of lava cake with raspberry filling, vanilla icecream with chocolate topping and side of raspberry sauce and yogurt. 
If you like molten cakes this is to die for. 
Oh! I love this place. Maybe because good chocolate reminds me of falling in love and sweet love-making =)Compared to the chaos of the Union Square Max Brenner's in New York, the new Philly edition is like a peaceful chocolatey oasis. The dessert menu is creative and expansive, and the chocolate is just delicious. I have to stop myself from going in and drinking one of their chocolate-peanut butter shakes (in a cutesy special glass, of course) every time I walk by. 
The truffles and layered dessert-in-a-jar are also luscious and awesome - I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with dessert there. We sat at the bar and got plenty of attention from a bright, friendly bartender. The gift shop has chocolate items from truffles to bath products, a good place to pick up little gifts for a hostess or whoever.
I'm OK with the "corporate chocolate factory" decor, but flies buzzing around the piles of loose chocolate powder kind of ruined the effect.Awesome awesome awesome . I loved it . I was chocolate wasted hahah. The food was great and so was my chocolate martini even tho it came in a weird glass. I'd definitely go again. Pricey but worth it .The free sample that you get when you "check in" on Yelp is what they give to everyone walking by. Nothing special. This place is interesting. Not a place for good dinners, but more for like desserts. The burgers are average but overpriced!Hot chocolate was good but I was expecting much better. Maybe I'm just a complainer but for a tiny $6 cup of hot chocolate it better be the best I've ever had... And it wasn't. Disappointing. Still looking for the best hot chocolate in the city, if you have recommendations, feel free to let me know.I love Max Brenner merely because its everything sweet, chocolate and yummy...whats bad for you usually tastes good. 
BUT this location drove me nuts with their KOST 103.5 love songs GALORE. I felt like I was on the worst date ever. Please change this up. Are you listening? Are you mad at me? Are we breaking up?This was awesome. Do not get tricked into the fondue, order the hot chocolate! Holy cow it was amazing liquid gold fulfilling every chocolate craving I had for the month. We also had the most enthusiastic waiter at the bar that wanted to tell us what to order including skipping straight to the dessert menu; I liked that. My table also ordered the mac and cheese and the BALT and both were excellent. The decor at this place is worth walking into if you're stopping by too- very fun!Pretty pricey, but the food was delicious, and there were big servings, so you could easily split any entre, milkshake or dessert item.This place was awesome, I went back in November before I moved to Ga, and sure wished I had went sooner. I started with a green tea diffuser, then had to have dessert first which consisted up a mini milk shake, molten cake, and some delicious sauce on the side. . (All chocolate of course)  Mm I finished with the mac n cheese with chicken and bacon. Wow was I impressed, best mac n cheese I ever had... (sorry gmom). The customer service was great and the restaurant had the greatest chocolate ambiance and store with lots of goodies to feed the fat kid in you.. Def will eat here again..I need to come back here, asap. The chocolate drinks, the crepes, the smore dessert..everything was fabulous beyond words. Most importantly though the place was unique. You will find things on the menu that you have never even come close to trying. The loud noise level and the and crowded closed in spaces were a bit of a turnoff in the beginning but once we got the great food none of that mattered anymore! If you want a quality date spot to impress without being too fancy, come here! (Hint: Great for Valentines Day). It's all about the chocolate! :)This place is kind of like Cheesecake Factory, but propped up on chocolate desserts and an extra $ on the price tag. Entrees were just OK. Desserts were rich.I came here once before to try the dessert and it was not worth it. First time coming here, I got the Tutti Fruitti Waffles and the waffles tasted stale $13.95. The Melting Chocolate Truffle heart cake was misleading.... I was expecting a lava chocolate cake $14.50 since the picture made it look like chocolate cake look moist and melty. False.... Pictures are deceiving because the cake was so dry that it was difficult to swallow. Won't be getting these ever again.
I heard their dinner were pretty good so I gave it another chance. The cocoa powder / Thai flavoring of the waffle fries $7.29 were delcious. Wish the portions were bigger though. The Thai style chicken satay $10.99was average, nothing special about it. These were only appetizers and I thought it was pricey for their size. I really wanted to try the Creamy spinach and artichoke fondue $12.79 except I was really craving for some dessert(ice cream) that day so I saved room because I also ordered the mushroom and smoked mozzarella Mac and cheese $15.79. Don't let the pictures fool you because the portions were smaller than it actually look. It was pretty satisfying though, prob not enough to share if I didn't order the two appetizers. A must try would have to be their milkshakes, the chocolate hazelnut milkshake $7.95 was A M A Z I N G !!! I would get it again in a heartbeat. Dun dun dun dun........ Let's give the dessert one more try. I wanted the Eskimo I-Scream experience $10.95 and they ran out of vanilla ice cream, chocolate ice cream would be too sweet so nope.......  Ended up getting the Banana Hazelnut Crepe$13.95 and boy did I regret not getting the artichoke dip. The crepe tasted really salty for me so it was not appetizing at all. The ice cream portion was not satisfying at all..... For an entire crepe and they gave me less than a scoop of ice cream. Why give so little when the store is already charging so much??  For being famous of their dessert, this place is a disappointment
If I had to recommend anything, I would suggest the 
1. Chocolate Hazelnut Milkshake 
2.Waffle Fries and 
3.Mac n cheese 
For anything else that you get ends up being good, you probably got lucky that day. I give this restaurant 2 stars. One star for the food that I actually enjoyed and another star for he overly friendly server that served us.  Did I mention how I bought three tiny boxes of chocolate as gifts back in California for $35dollars?? This restaurant is not worth unless you like wasting money but If you're a die hard chocolate fan, this might be the place for you.Expectations? Kinda met. Not fully what I expected more like it. Maybe I thought this place was considered "classier" but it was about the same atmosphere as a Cheesecake Factory. Definitely not what I consider a date environment. More of a place to take kids/teens. The restaurant was full of them. 
We only did dessert and honestly the best part was the milkshake. We went with the waiters suggestion and got the "baked cookie dream". Honestly I didn't care for it at all. I thought it was very salty. Mainly just ate the ice cream off. The dessert pizza was reported good and looked good, but after the milkshake and a few bites of the cookie, there was no way I was eating anything else sweet. 
Service was attentive, our waiter was very cute and personable. He did a little treat for my birthday. 
I'm not running back, nor am I walking. Ill consider this place again, but for $80 for 3 desserts I want to be wowed. I felt a bit embarrassed for picking this place, my friends didn't seem wowed either.So where to begin with this place? After having a delightful dinner at Jones my fiance and I decided to check out Max Brenner. When we walked in we could notice that it was a tiny bit crowded and there were plenty of open tables, but it took the hostess a little bit to find the right table for "us". We were seated along the outer rim of the center of the place. It took around ten minutes for our waiter to even acknowledge us. At that point he said that he would be back in a second, which turned out to be another five minutes. When he finally came back he did the regular restaurant thing when they ask if you have ever been there before. We said no and he went into a whole thing about how we should spend more time on the dessert menu then the other one, and then took our drink orders, a water and a peach ice tea. He left before we could tell him that we were ready to order. After another five minutes of getting our drinks he was back and ready to take our order. We got the fondue trio for two, which came out almost immediately. The portions on this dessert are down right lousy. we had maybe half a banana chopped up with three strawberries, and in the other bowl four pieces of banana bread and four marshmallows. Needless to say this was not enough for two people. The "fondue" dipping chocolates were good but when we had run out of dippers we were let with three things of chocolate that were not even a quarter finished. We waited for the waiter to come back to ask about getting a refill on the dippers because for $21.99 we should get some free refills to eat the chocolate we paid for. When after watching our waiter go to every table but ours I went to the manager who informed me that they do not give free refills of the dippers and that it would be four dollars for a refill. It would have taken maybe four more refills to fully get the chocolate fix. Anyway, at that point I just asked the manager for the check. Our waiter finally brought the check, we paid and left.
Long story short:
TOO EXPENSIVE
WORST SERVICE I HAVE HAD IN PHILADELPHIAEh, sorry but I'd say overrated.  The bartender (female) was excellent and very helpful, with great service.  The Greek Salad w/ chicken was good, but a little overdressed; I should have asked for it on the side as I normally do. I liked the lime vinegrette, but not really Greek in flavor-a little sweet.  I saved calories for desert but it just wasn't worth it...  I ordered the Euphoria sundae, and they were accommodating by removing some toppings:  I love dark chocolate and peanut butter, but I asked for them to eliminate the bananas and hazelnuts to reduce the "stuff" on it.  However, there was still too much on top of the ice cream (Choco p-butter AND dulce de leche) including lots of chocolate chunks, cookie pieces and peanuts along with the whipped cream - for a restaurant featuring chocolate, I feel they lost focus.  I would have enjoyed it much better w/ just chocolate ice cream and their yummy warm peanut butter sauce (yes that & chocolate sauce was on the side too).  I only ate about 1/3 of the desert.  Next time, just a chocolate shake or something simple.Had a short 15min wait after our reservation time. A little crowded, but expected on a Sat night. While we hung around the shop in the front, the hostess came around with chocolate samples and even a chocolate martini sample. Service was on point, waitress was attentive and food delivery was timely. We only got dessert, but it was amazing. Can't wait to come back and try the dinner menu.I took my kids (12 and 15) here after hearing so much about the place. They are chocolate fans and I thought they would love it. The food was ok and the service is horrible!!! Took 45 minutes for server to take our orders, 25 minutes to get our drinks. My hot chocolate was cold and too sweet. We got our food first and then the silverware. I will not be returning to this restaurant with mediocre food. The chocolate is good, but thats about it.Amazing hot chocolate.  Definitely go with the italian...so thick and amazing.  I know it's touristy, but it's oh so good!I had such anticipation going there and it did not disappoint. Food was great. The smell was intoxicating. Service was wonderful. Drinks were delicious. My only disappointment came when they didn't have any more skillet chocolate chip cookies for dessert. Guess I will have to try again.Came I'm today, several empty tables and they told me there was a 30 minute wait....umm for what? Hard pass.Stopped here for a late-night drink and dessert, hoping for a casual, date-friendly place for a sweet nightcap. I wont say we didn't get that, but we certainly weren't impressed and certain elements (like the price) were actually quite off-putting.
The decor was kind of like a slightly moodier Starbucks: one is greeted by churning vats of (fake?) chocolate and the carefully organized gift shop by the door, a bad, vaguely chocolate-related mural took up one corner, fake quotes about the ego-maniacal Brenner covered the other walls. It wasn't oppressive, but it was certainly trying too hard. We were led to a nice little two-top pointing out on open window and our order was quickly taken.
Very quickly our cocktails (good booze, well-mixed, but not worth 10 bucks a pop) were brought out and, soon after, our chocolate fondue. We opted for the Trio: a molten toffee caramel and any two chocolate fondues (milk, dark, white) served with strawberries, bananas, banana bread, marshmallows, and little grill to roast them.
The chocolate was far too sweet for my taste: the white had a lovely cocoa butter flavor, but the dark wasn't that dark and the caramel had a very bland flavor. All of them hurt my teeth, their saccharine flavors overpowering the already sweet accoutrement. Those too were disappointing: the fruit was okay (I would have liked to see local strawberries, but it might be a little early for those) but the marshmallows tasted like your standard Jet-Puffed (what self-respecting confectioner doesn't make their own marshmallows?) and the banana bread was room temperature. at best, and uninspired. All the same, I would have been much happier with less, and more savory fondues with more, and more thoughtful choices to dip. 
I know there are entire worlds of chocolate connoisseurship, but the quality of the sweets at Max Brenner didn't even stand up to an ignoramus like me.
Naked Chocolate Cafe holds its position as my favorite late-night sweet spot in the city: cheaper, better, and its Rittenhouse location couldn't be closer. 
4/5 for service, a "meh" for the cocktails, but thumbs down for everything else.Went here for restaurant week and did the $20 lunch for 3 courses.
Tried the wings, burger, chicken panini, artichoke dip, and bonbon espresso dessert. Overall the food was pretty good even though the portions weren't very large (food rating 4 stars). Beer selection was ok, I got a chocolate stout which was good but overpriced at $7.
The 3 stars is for the atmosphere. I live in South Philadelphia so I expect more from my restaurants, and maybe it was the time/location. A lot of families and younger groups (college/highschool age). The tables were small and we were crammed too close to our neighbors, I couldn't get up and put on my coat without bumping into someone. The floor was slightly sticky, and our waitress had a high pitched voice that was a bit over the top friendly and mildly annoying. All of this combined made the ambiance feel like I was 17 and having lunch at TGI Fridays.
I would recommend it over some of the chain restaurants in Rittenhouse, but I don't think I will be returning there.Even with reservations my company and I had to wait a half hour for seating. They took tables of two instead of big groups. Tables of four or more were out of luck.
There was a wait for everything; just to get in the door and even a line for the bathroom. They were so over booked they forgot my appetizer and I still got charged for it.
The food was so over priced. I paid 15 dollars for a small panini. It wasn't anything special. 
The menu is chaotic. The place is not organized and nothing wowed me. Too may options and the dessert menu layout is messy. 
Max Brenner will max out your card and sounds better than it really is.I have been to the NYC and Philly location, Philly twice.  The NYC one has more fun things to look at (oddly, women's restaurant has only 2 stalls .... bad!).
This is a dessert place and more specifically, CHOCOLATE.  So don't try to go looking for some salad or whatever they serve.  Get real.  I love love the hot chocolate (disclaimer, then again I never ordered an entree and prob won't go there for food).
Don't even try to count calories when you come here.  (Unless they screw it up) Its a perfect 10 which is the only type of dessert you should put in your body anyways!!
-Yours truly, 
Chocoholic :)Celebrating my daughter's birthday decided Max Brenner would be the perfect place.  Friendly staff, great service young lady's name I forgot (sorry girl) . Overall awesome job will be returningBeen here twice: once for a date night, the other was my birthday! (Reminds me that I need to go back ) The food was good. What kind of review is this if you can't remember what the hell you ate. Smh. I do remember dessert. We both had the churros with 3 dipping sauces. It was great both times. It can get crowded on the weekends. And because the some of the tables are small. It really feels like shoebox. Go during the week night, it's like 10 ppl in here on a Tuesday. 
SN: (I just remembered I had mac and cheese and he had a burger the first visit. Look at that memory kicking in!!!!) This restaurant is known for its chocolate,  but it was basic to me....  SorryFun vibe for kids and tasty hot chocolate, but when my "medium " burger came back deep pink and cold in the center,  I sent it back. 20 mins later my burger came back EXACTLY the same way....literally bleeding all over the bun. The waitress was put out when we sent it back for the second time and cancelled the order. Pretty basic meal horribly executed.I was in two weeks ago for some dessert. The Mexican hot chocolate was awesome and spicy with the cayenne pepper, a very interesting combo both spicy and sweet. The banana foster s'mores came out in parts so I was able to assemble the different flavor combinations for an interesting experience. 
I was originally quoted at 90-120 minutes for a table but we seated ourselves at one of the many tables that needed to be bussed before receiving service.Before visiting, I had heard a lot of hype about Max Brenner, especially on instagram. We went for my father's birthday and everything we ordered was perfect! The dishes tasted even better than they looked! My sister told the host that it was my father's birthday, expecting her to relay this information to our waiter so they could do something special for us. But either they forgot or there was some sort of miscommunication because we never got anything special for the birthday. Other than this, I would whole heartedly recommend this restaurant to anyone!Good flatbread pizza and delicious dessert options; would be great for a date night EXCEPT for the fact that there are lots of crying babies and little kids around. It's a bit confusing because they have everything they would need to make the place a trendy date night sort of place, but I don't think the target audience is 20-something year olds...Took my 9 year old niece and 11 year old nephew to Max Brenner after the Nutcracker.  We all had a great time and the kids thought it was fun and they liked the kids menu.  Dessert was a big hit with the hot chocolate and table side smores. 
We split a flatbread pizza and the corn croquettes.  Me and my sister liked the croquettes but the kids thought too spicy.  
We wanted to have a fun long meal and did, and paid for it ha - for two adults and two kids it was $130.00.  That was with 1 chocolate martini, 1 glass of brut, 2 sodas, flatbread pizza, croquettes, 3 hot cocos, and the tableside smores.  It was a Christmas present and we felt it a fun place and good food, great sweets.  
We had reservations and that worked out well.
The only negative was a guest next at the table next to ours who had a little 2 year old who was shreaking the entire meal.  It was upsetting to see the baby crying so much and literally shaking but the father sat there the whole time and pined her in his arm.  I don't know if the resturant could have or is supposed to do anything, but for a special meal it was kind of a bummer (let alone sad to see the baby in such distress).  We all like kids and I was with kids - but this was definietly an exceptionally bad situation.I have to say, I was a bit disappointed by this place. I am a lover, nay, crazy stalker, of all things chocolate so I was very excited to go. The food wasn't bad, prices were a tad high but nothing outrageous, atmosphere and service is good. My problem was they just didn't seem to be as "into" chocolate as their name and presentation would have you assume - I was really disappointed in the dessert offerings, there just weren't a lot of imaginative and interesting options and I was really bummed that the hot chocolate and fondues seem to come with store bought marshmallows, cookies and brownie pieces , even though i saw some homemade one in the restaurant. It just seemed "lazy" and really took away from the taste and overall presentation of these offerings which the restaurant claims it is known for.  Again it's not a bad place to go, but if they were striving for a Willy Winka-esque awesome chocolate  experience, I was very underwhelmed and won't be peeking in the window staring longingly at their chocolate covered anythings anymore. Whomp whomp : /Food: 3.5 stars
Location: 4 stars
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 4.5 stars
Service: 3.0 stars
Recommendations:  Of course, the chocolate desserts and drinks are incredible.  You can't go wrong with any dessert or drink, particularly Max Brenner's dark chocolate.  The cheeseburger was well prepared but a little light on the secret BBQ sauce and cocoa touched fries.  The Hang-Over omelette is also recommended but a little expensive for what you get.  The chocolate offerings make Max Brenner a very unique experience.  The additional food offerings (brunch, dinner) make it more appealing to the casual diner.
Overall: 4 starsI came here for "dinner" a couple weeks ago with my roommates, and I could not have been more excited.  While we did go around dinner time, we agreed that we would order nothing but chocolate.  Why order real food to fill you up when you could have chocolate pizza, fondue, banana split waffles, sponge cake, and chocolate eggrolls instead?
To split between the three of us, we ordered a chocolate pizza with everything (chocolate, banana, peanut butter, marshmallows) and a sharing, which was a tasting of a number of other items on the menu.
The favorites of the night were definitely the chocolate pizza, chocolate fondue, chocolate sponge cake, and banana split waffle.  The chocolate pizza was ridiculous, piled high with all the ingredients and spilling over with mini toasted marshmallows.  The crust was just dense, soft, and warm enough to perfectly hold and complement its toppings.  The chocolate fondue was just how you expect fondue to be, nothing really special about it, but still delicious.  The sponge cake was extremely dense for sponge cake, and was more like a rich, dark brownie (also amazing).  And while the banana split waffle was the only thing that didn't have chocolate on it, it held its own well with the delicious combination of waffle, banana, syrup, and ice cream.  The chocolate "bark," which was pretty much like a chocolate rice krispie treat, was also very good.
The crispy chocolate eggroll was interesting, with banana in the middle, crispy eggroll skin, and chocolate syrup.  However, it was  not fantastic to the point where I would order it again.
The service was also very attentive, warm, and friendly.  Although they did get our order wrong (they gave us milk chocolate fondue instead of dark chocolate) and did fail to fill our water glasses when we were thirsty (which happens when you eat nothing but sweet food/chocolate), they were nice enough that we still loved them!
The ambiance is very cozy and romantic at night with small tables, a warm yellow glow with candles, and chocolate everywhere!  It is pretty crowded and a little loud, however, so don't expect to come here for a quiet, private evening.
Overall, an amazing meal if you are not afraid of getting diabetes.  I would highly recommend this place, and if it's your first time and are overwhelmed by their chocolate menu, the sampler would be a good place to start.  I still don't know what their normal food is like, but if I ever come back and have the willpower to actually order real food (which is unlikely), I'll be sure to tell you all about it!I am from California, and let me tell you, we have NOTHING like this. I walked in to a restaurant that smelled of sugar and cocoa. Just enough to not be sickening. It was perfect! I sat down and the DESSERT menu was bigger than the food menu! That practically screamed my name. I flipped through it and saw their different kinds of cups and I just had to try them. I had a cappuccino, an Italian cream hot cocoa (SO RICH! NOT FOR THE FEINT OF STOMACH!), and a shake. To finish it all off I skipped dinner and went straight for the fondue for sharing. Decision well made because I want engulfed into a world of chocolate that I never wanted to leave. I will be coming back, MULTIPLE times. I even bought a hug mug to goOh max brenner, your far overpriced desserts leave me feeling poor and glutinous but I love you! Eddie is the AWESOMEST waiter. He's super friendly and takes care of us and regularly refills our drinks (because trust me, when you have that much sugar on your plate, you'll need lots of water). 
The super hyped up chocolate pizza was tasty. A half order is enough for 2 (and perhaps even 4) given how dense it is. After a few bites it was nauseating. And the crust wasn't that great. I was expecting more of a dessert crust, but it was actual pizza dough. Hm... meh? Still. Chocolate + peanut butter + marshmellows + banana = happiness. 
My friends loved the fondue with churros. The hot chocolate drinks were great. 
On a side note, I also went to the yelp elite event and Max Brenner definitely gave us their best. Mini philly cheesesteaks, sloppy maxes, omg cookies, banana waffles, and drinks. The only disappointment was the marguerita panini which was flavorless, imo. 
Too expensive in my opinion, otherwise I would've given them 5 stars for fun and fabulous service.Delicious chocolate conconctions including the best Mexican hot cocoa and chocolate pizza (what is that, you may ask, go there now- run don't walk- and you too will experience chocolate-bliss)I was visiting a friend in Philly and we were downtown looking for a place to eat -- finally thought of this place, and I thought it was a good fit. He had not eaten in the restaurant before - but he had heard good things. 
We went on a Tuesday night, so I figured it wouldn't be too busy and we'd have a good experience, boy was I wrong. First, the host was slightly rude when we told him we didn't have a reservation - despite the fact that there were obviously a handful of open tables. We were sat down pretty quickly though, which was nice, but it only got worse. The waiter took at least 10 or so minutes to stop by our table, where he proceeded to give us napkins and let us know he would be "right back," he didn't even take our drink orders. It was another 10 minutes (no exaggerations) before he came back by to take out drink orders and he had the audacity to ask if we needed more time... We ordered and didn't see him again until well after our food came. Another waitress brought the food and she set it down so carelessly that my friends fries spilled all over his lap. She at least apologized. Our waiter continued to be no where in sight and I had to flag down the hostess, who I was hoping would be less rude than the host, to fill my drink. She was obviously annoyed I stopped her to fill my drink - it hadn't been filled since it was brought to me, so I didn't feel like I was being unreasonable. The waiter finally stopped by our table to clear it, and then he came back 5 minutes or so later to ask what we would like for dessert - obviously we were so annoyed by that point that we didn't want to spend any more money so we passed. We barely left a tip and it nearly ruined our night. 
Side notes: the food wasn't bad - but it wasn't anything special. 
If you love chocolate there are a lot of choices which seemed really cool. Everything from cake to ice cream to alcoholic drinks and fondu as well, lots of stuff. 
And I heard that the NYC Brenner's was much better, I sure hope so, then again maybe it was just bad service or maybe it was a bad night for the server but it really put me off.French comment : vous aimez le chocolat ? Alors c'est le restaurant qu'il vous faut pour plonger dans cet univers! En entrant, vous avez dj les odeurs de chocolats. La carte est trs intressante. Cocktail  base de chocolat sympa. Certain plats ne sont pas extra, mais la plupart sont originaux...et trs russi !I'll keep this short, which is going to be hard cos there is Chocolate involved here. The Idea of a place solely dedicated to chocolates brings joy to my heart and taste buds too. 
The aroma of chocolat in the hallway and the excellent service was the only highlights on my visit here. Food choices aren't that enticing , maybe with the exception of the Chocolate pizza. 
This may be a nice place to end ur nite on a chocolate high, High enuff and maybe then u might not notice the exorbitant prices that come in lieu for the visit. Maybe they forget they are in Philadelphia and not Union Square.This has to be one of the worst restaurants in Philadelphia! No thought went into the customer experience. They just jam people in like sardines.  There are some dishes that chocolate doesn't work on.  The menu items are forced and overpriced. Service is slow but this is due to the over seating.  Not a fan won't return.  Willy Wonka called.  Apparently he pissed someone tried to bite his style.1. Chocoholic satiation/ "chocolategasm"-bday girl
2. Divine sugar rush
3. Artsy ambiance
Consumed:
The Brenner Burger $14.25
Black & Tan Beer Battered Vidalia Onion Rings $6.95
Banana Split waffle $13.95
The Works Pizza (whole dessert pizza!) $18.50
The restaurant ambiance makes me feel like I'm at a chocolate shop, maybe at like a visiting exhibit in Disney world. "Like willy wonka, but classy"-bday girl. The decoration is all very cute with the chocolate pipes. I actually wonder if there's real chocolate flowing in it. Wouldn't it be cool if it flowed directly to the tables and we control the flow rate?!
Entree was meh, only so-so. Asked for medium rare with the Brenner burger and it was still a bit dry. There wasn't anything special with the onion rings, though the sauce was pretty good-creamy with a hint of chocolate, but still savory. However, I wouldn't say it's worth the price. Friend got the Margherita Panini and it was also just so-so. So for entrees, it's a three star.
The dessert on the otherhand is pretty intense. Sugar rush for sureeeeee. Pretty rich bites. Dessert is a 5 star.
Service was attentive and friendly-my water never went below half!
I think I wrote this while hyperglycemic...!!!Third and final visit to Max Brenner tonight.  
I wanted to pop in for dessert as a "pre-birthday celebration" so we headed over at 10:15.  We were seated quickly at one of their super tiny tables (poor  table choice guys, esp if you expect people to have drinks/food!).  Our waitress was nice enough.  We ordered coffee and decided to go with the same Sundae we had on our prior visit (Euphoria something or other with lots of peanut butter and bananas).  We remembered what we were served last time, there are a couple photos in the album on Yelp.  We were served something drastically different.  The bowl was not even half the size, there were two scoops of melted ice cream, way too much whipped cream, and just less of everything else.  It was CRAZY that they charged $13.95 for that mess.  At least before it was impressive, though not worth $13.95, now it just makes me angry that I ever gave this place 4 stars.  They're clearly trying to give customers less while charging the same amount and better food/desserts can be had elsewhere for lower prices.  Goodness.My wife and I visited this restaurant because it looked interesting and fun.  We love chocolate and it just seemed to be a good idea, at least until we ordered dinner.  The Mac and cheese was decent, but I'm not sure that it was $10 worth.  I had the Max's Burger and my wife had the Margherita Panini, neither were worth the $ they were charging.  I think that best way to describe the food here is that they wanted to create a place to get good dessert, but they decided that they should have dinner entrees after the fact.  Desserts are good, but I would suggest going somewhere else for dinner first.I can't tell if it's because I've eaten too much or it's because the food is so rich, but every time I walk out of Max Brenner I feel slightly ill. 
Don't get me wrong, if you're craving chocolate then oh my god, you will get chocolate. And pretty good chocolate. But the deserts are a bit too heavy and rather than yearning for more the next day, I swear myself off of all deserts for the next week. This definitely doesn't happen, but still...it's not a great sign. 
The brunches are surprisingly good, and the presentation lovely. Be sure not to order hot chocolate or a mocha along with any meal. Again: too full and slightly ill. 
Think small and sweet at Max Brenner and you leave content.The kids loved it, I guess that's all that really matters. I was not impressed with the food but it was my daughter's 12th birthday and she felt like she had the golden ticket to Willy Wonka's castle.
 Max Brenner's is perfect for special occasions but not some place that I would consider being a regular as the food left much to be desired. Since I am not a chocolate fan, I was not overly impressed by the desserts either.Outstanding on so many levels!  With reservations for 29 of us, we were welcomed in and grouped together in a perfect little section in the restaurant immediately.   Half of us were under time constraints and they managed to serve us milkshakes, hot cocoas, lunch and dessert in such a swift manner.   Our waiter was phenomenal attending to all of our kids needs and special requests in the friendliest of manners!   There was a great lunch selection on the menu and the dessert was, of course, a special experience for all!  Highly recommend!!I'm often annoyed by chocolate only places.. because it seems they focus mainly on chocolate... and white chocolate is left to the wayside..as some sort of side order to what's going on.. never really given any care or thought to what goes into it.. but here.. this is not the case.. and for that I love max brenner.. ..
from drinks where white chocolate is the star.. to having actual FOOD you can eat this place is all encompassing.. you would think it's a GREAT place to bring a child.. I mean kids would surely be entertained.. but it's a bit adult for children IMO.. they might actually go crazy and stick their hands in the giant tubs of chocolate that are being mixed by the front.. 
TRY the margherita sandwich... full of flavor!
.... sweets are the love of my life... go here and eat some chocolate for me since I'm allergic... just leave the white chocolate for meMax Brenner. Supposedly the king of chocolate. Not so much. And damn expensive.
Friend and I came here for dessert. She got a "O.M.G. dark chocolate chunk cookie" and I got a "Mocha Madness" cocktail and the "Melting Chocolate Truffle Heart Cake and Shake"...The cookie was ok. It came with some berries. I could have made the same thing at home. The Mocha Madness was $12 and was maybe 6 ounces of pretty much a White Russian with some more chocolate flavor. And the big disappointment...you know those little chocolate cakes that ooze chocolate out the middle...The ones at Chili's are better.
Overall, I was kind of satisfied with the food. Definitely not blown away. But to pay $14 per dessert and $12 for a skimpy cocktail at a place that is pretty much dedicated to chocolate?...suuuuuper disappointed.Very very good... Clean establishment. Very friendly staff. They assured us of the time it would take get seated and they were true to their word. Had hot chocolate, wings, and pizza. Looking at other tables, everybody had attractive food. Would recommend this place to anyone who is interested in trying it.If you're a chocolate lover, I seriously recommend this place.  Did you just break up? Need some chocolate to comfort yourself? Don't sit home, come here, you'll probably instantly feel better and forget about your ex LOL.
So, I came here on a saturday night, this place was PACKED! There's a wait if you want a table but at the bar, there were plenty of seats so we sat down at the bar.  When you walk in, there's a circular chocolate whirl pool.  If you look up, there's pipes connecting the pool to the bar, pretty awesome.  
Boozy peachy lemonade - I was disappointed at this drink because it was not boozy at all, basically peachy lemonade.
White Russian - amazing and nicely presented with 2 marshmallows on a toothpick with a little jar of creamer
Banana hazelnut crepe - very rich in chocolate with ice cream and little chocolate pebbles on the side (nicely separated in its own ramekins with no mess, I LOVE IT)
I was sitting at the bar and watched the bartenders work, they were ridiculously busy, it's exhausting.  It did take a while for us to get our check because they were running around like maniacs.  Overall, this place has very unique when it comes to their drinks and food presentation.  It's so pretty and sweet at the same time.  I would probably like this place to be less busy because it is really overwhelming inside.  I probably wouldn't come here on a weekend.  If you crave dessert, certainly stop in here.  Who doesn't like sweets though.One of my favorite places to eat in Philly. Ive been here at least 10 times and everytime I get something different. They have a huge menu from lunch and dinner to chocolate deserts and milkshakes. The milkshakes are amazing, they even have chocolate liquor. I've gotten a s'mores pizza, a chicken cheesesteak, chicken mac & cheese and a bunch of different milkshakes. Everything was great! Their waffle fries have chili&coco powder and are so good. Its not too expensive, the restaurant smells like chocolate & it's right next to a parking garage (very convenient in philly) overall great place and i've always had good service!This place is a lot of fun with a solid menu and good food.  The hot chocolate is delicious and the atmosphere is simply amazing.  The aroma of the chocolate from the moment you step in is intoxicating.I appreciate that they have different kinds of deserts (like small ones if you don't to feel guilty) but what I love most is the Hug Mug! It's just a cute mug that you can cup in your hands..I can't really explain it, but I adore it. Anyway, the chocolate deserts are rich and they have some 'fun' drinks but I haven't tried any. I really just go for desert. I'll try the food eventually.Favorite thing to do at MB is swing by for some of their Aztec hot chocolate later at night (typically after Philadelphia Orchestra Concerts).  During warm months my girlfriend and I love sitting in "couples seats" by the giant floor to ceiling windows that open out to the street- great people watching.  Other than that this place is overpriced and nearly impossible to get into.  I'm not too fond of chains but I find I can't resist this place when I'm downtown.  It's just fun! Everybody needs a little chocolate every now and again.As someone who loves desserts, I was not at all impressed with Max Brenner's. My boyfriend and I decided to venture out to the Philly location instead of the New York one, just for fun. Needless to say, I wasn't thrilled.
One word: OVERPRICED.
The place was packed, but instead of having us wait, the waitress crammed us into a tiny little corner that was wedged between two large groups. The chairs were wobbly and the table was still messy. Eh, strike one for me.
My boyfriend ordered the OMG chocolate chip cookie -- it was hard, overcooked, and not chocolatey enough.
I order the Mexican hot chocolate, which had red chili, cinnamon, nutmeg, and pepper. Now, I LOVE Mexican hot chocolate, but this tasted like straight up cinnamon. I didn't taste any chocolate. It wasn't the right kind of hot... I actually needed a glass of water to drink in between sips. Mexican hot chocolate is supposed to be chocolatey, with hints of spiciness to elevate the chocolate flavor. This hot chocolate? No chocolate. No flavor. All spiciness.
The cookie was around $10 and the hot chocolate was around $5. So $15 for a hard cookie and a cup of not-tasty-hot-chocolate.
We actually left and happened to find an Insomnia Cookie down the street. Now THAT's a good cookie!The atmosphere at Max Brenner's in Philly is definitely fun. There were several things about this experience that could have been better.
First, I had a reservation for 8:15 and we weren't seated until 8:45. Having worked in the restaurant business, I understand that you can't always control how fast your tables get up, but the staff didn't apologize at all. Second, the table they seated us at (we were a party of 8) was all bar stools and in this awkward tiny corner where we barely fit! 
Our waitress was very accommodating and helpful, but understandably quite busy since it was a Saturday night. The food was decent, but I wasn't over-the-top impressed.
In general, I'd say this place is good for smaller groups (I probably won't come back as part of group bigger than 4).Wow. Burger was awesome.  My kids had the s'mores crepe and loved it. My new favorite placeAlways a fun spot to take friends or anyone visiting for dessert (love the hot chocolates here) - the presentation of their food is super cute! Also, I would say most of their desserts are ideal for sharing as it's a lot of sugar for one person to handle.Let's talk about the moment you walk into Max Brenner. I mean, immediately in the front door...before you even make it into the restaurant itself. 
You are hit with the most heavenly scent of chocolate that I have ever experienced. I could stand in that space for hours. And I'm not even that huge of a chocolate person. 
And....sad to say, I didn't have any chocolate on my first visit. I was taken there on a business lunch and we just had our lunch and that was that. 
Lunch was ok. Both myself and business associate had the lunch special, soup and salad; same soup, different salad. My salad was unremarkable but the soup of the day was beef stew and it was yummy. I ate every last bit. It was better than my mom's but please don't tell her! 
Our server was very nice and service was speedy. The restaurant wasn't packed so I would say lunch hour during the week is a good time to go. All in all, lunch was good but I was left wanting more....dessert! I plan on making it there for some chocolate cocktails and dessert very soon! I will add to my review then!After seeing so many pictures from friends of the dishes there, I just had to go with some friends. It was busy when we got there (around brunch) , so there was a bit of a wait. The place is cool and they sell little chocolate things to the side. 
The food is good, i especially like the juevos rancheros burrito they have, which is weird because the restaurant is known for its chocolate! The waffle fries are good (although some are burn or dry and hard) and I really enjoy the ranch dressing that comes with it. The price is a little high for some of the dishes, which is a con for me, seeing as how the place is nothing classy or upscale (its more casual). 
Overall, great service, good food. Will I go again? not sure. Maybe if i'm in the area with friends and I have nowhere else to eat.Walking into this restaurant you feel as if you are going into Willy Wonkas kitchen. The menu was exciting and it was extremely hard to choose what dessert to order. The three of us ordered the crepes; 2 banana chocolate peanut butter and one smores. When the food arrived we all wished we had split just one order. The portions are extremely overwhelming and none of us could make a dent. The presentation is on point but the desserts are too rich. 
Fun experience for kids!!wonderful place. a definite must-see if you love chocolate and chocolate fondue. every dessert-esque item I've tried there has been good. but caution, everything is super sweet. this includes the drinks, desserts, and loose chocolate. I've ordered the regular food entrees, sides, and apps and haven't been super impressed. the burger and fries are a decent size meal. the sauce that comes with the fries/ pomme frites are delicious. The burger is good but overly greasy. my favorite thing to order is always the fondue with assorted chocolate fondue flavors. it's a great place to go to hang out at night on a date or for a birthday party because it's dark and lit with candles. the flames for the chocolate fondue make the atmosphere more mysterious and enchanting. the bar menu is interesting as it features chocolate drinks. i really like this place. however, it's packed often so you need to make reservations. Biggest problem: pricy!Admittedly I was only here for 10 minutes; chocolates in the front lobby looked promising too.
But after sitting down and ordering the fondue, our waiter proceeded to spill the fondue and the dripping wax from the candles all over my wife.  We obviously didn't have to pay for it, but once it happened, the waitstaff avoided us like the plague and we left without another word from management or anything.I'm going to give you the lowdown. I heard about this place at a party and checked out the menu, which is very creative. I headed out to dinner there the very next day. First, parking in center city is a nightmare. Unless you're super familiar with the city and know where the good spaces are, come prepared to spend $25 for parking alone. When you enter the restaurant, the smell of chocolate hits you right away, and the fun and casual atmosphere is immediately apparent. Some reviewers have complained about the close quarters. I did not find this to be a real problem as the way they have the tables set up gives a good couple of feet of space between you and the other diners. The noise level is medium loud but you don't have to shout to be heard. The service was professional and pretty prompt. I got a veggie burger and my husband got a pizza with pesto, mushrooms and ricotta cheese. My veggie burger had a very good flavor and was topped with a nice amount of fresh avocado. However, the texture was quite mushy, so it was more like mashed potatoes than a firm burger. I suggest they try frying it in a pan to solve this issue by giving the burger a crunchy crust. The pizza was flavorful and the toppings were abundant. We also got an order of the waffle fries with chili and cocoa. These were excellent; hot and crunchy with just the right amount of chili powder in the dipping sauce. Surprisingly, dessert was disappointing. We got a hazelnut and banana crepe that was supposed to come with caramel ice cream. The crepe was doughy, tough and flavorless. The chocolate hazelnut cream was overly sweet with no flavor at all except sugar. The "ice cream" it came with was a tiny (and I mean tiny) one-ounce portion of melted chai flavored ice cream. It also came with a tiny shot of chocolate sauce and a tiny cruet of teensy malted chocolate pieces. The desserts, overall, looked more gimmicky than delicious. Another commenter here said the chocolate is too sweet, and I agree. There was just no chocolate flavor at all that was detectable in the dessert. The entire dinner along with four drinks ran us over $100 with tip, so this is definitely not a budget-friendly destination. I would go back again and try the brunch, though. I was really torn between two to three stars; I wish there was a two and a half star option. The food was tasty but the poor dessert warrants a two rather than a three since this is supposed to be a dessert place.Don't care too much for this place.  The desserts were okay. The prices are a bit more than what I think they should be.  The service was pretty bad given my group was only one of a few groups there.  Wanted to experience this place for myself, given the hype, but unlikely to return.Awesome food, and great service. Perfect for dessert, date night, or Birthdays. Highly recommended.I ordered the 80s milkshake, and it was delicious! Thick and creamy, the best part was that it didn't melt super quickly, so it wasn't a liquid-y mess by the time I made it to the bottom. Some friends ordered the churro and european fondues... I'd highly suggest those because of the great variety of dipping foods (ex. strawberries, marshmallow, brownie bites/etc.) The churro was nothing memorable.
Everything looked delicious--presentation was fantastic. There was lots of chocolate fondue left over. The service was on par. Definitely make a reservation!Went here for a late dinner on a Friday night (last night). I had the Chicken and Gat Cheese salad (served on a waffle), and the Italian Hot Chocolate.  Amazing!  Good service. Great decor and fun tableware. Fun, but pricey, gift shop.  Will definitely eat here agin :-)Desert was awesome and so was the choc chi tea... food was just so so, mostly fried. If we go again it will just be for desert.The two hostesses were friendly and answered all of my questions, but the person at the Togo counter seemed like she didn't want to be there. I got the hazelnut milkshake but should have gotten the chocolate instead. It always smells so good in there!Their chocolate alcoholic drinks are amazing. You cannot go wrong here. We started off with a veggie burger, it's a Dr. Preggers so it was a little mushy, but the fries that came with it were delicious. Then for dessert 3 of us shared the peanut butter chocolate crepe, it was so rich 3 of us could not finish it. Overall I was not impressed by their food or desserts but their drinks knocked my socks off.Fantastic concept - if you're into chocolate! Their menu is great, lots of variety and I've always enjoyed my meals. However, you do not come here just for lunch or dinner. You come here for drinks or dessert, obviously. The chocolate martini is amazing! It comes garnished with a chocolate covered strawberry - so good! I've also tried a couple of their sundaes - they are definitely an item that you need to share with 3-4 people. They're HUGE! 
They also have a gift shop that has some great ideas for gifts or smaller items that would be great additions to a gift card.
They also serve brunch on the weekends until 4pm, which is good to know!Chocolate is pretty basic. Tasty. Overpriced though. I got the chocolate martini, was strong and good. My son got a milkshake that was good enough but not spectacular. I guess my point is that it's a nice experience but not worth the price. At all.
Overpriced.I've visited Max Brenner in three different locations including this one. The dessert, alcoholic, & hot chocolate menu is great. Definitely try either the Swiss whipped or classic hot chocolate with milk chocolate. Pretty much anything in the dessert menu is great. As for the drink menu, I always get myself two white Russians (these guys are great). 
My only negative would be the service which can be sometimes pretty slow however not the worse I've ever seen.I don't know. I paid 21,00 for this, I was a little disappointed because isn't a big pizza (4 slices).
It taste good, better if is warm.I had the pleasure of trying the 80s milkshake and the European fondue. The 80s milkshake tasted like pure chocolate bliss! The only downside was the ice cream garnish kept melting if you didn't eat it quickly. The European fondue was enough for at least 4 people. It came with fruits and sweet treats with your choice of two melted chocolates and a caramel dipping sauce! I didn't care for the cookie/ brownie bits you dip into the chocolate. They tasted a bit stale. The service was very polite as well. I'd recommend making a reservation if it's a weekend. Great dessert spot!I dream of the day when American chocolate will be synonymous with the best chocolate in the world. 
But Max Brenner is pretty much crushing that dream. 
Max Brenner's creation of a new "chocolate culture" looks at chocolate from various angles - as a romantic gift, a commodity, an addictive snack, a "symbol of contradicting emotions and sensations," etc... according to the website. 
The website says that "Chocolate is not just about taste." I assume they mean that chocolate is more than just about taste, as opposed to "not at all about taste." Oddly enough, for a place that specializes in all things chocolate, their chocolate is pretty unremarkable, making the concept seem more like an excuse than a guiding philosophy. Apparently, their creativity involves covering/infusing many things with mediocre chocolate. 
Food-wise, I only tried a spinach ricotta crepe dish they had a while ago. It was rubbery, overly processed, and expensive for what it was. I watched my friend play around with her $15-ish burger and soggy fries. The food was so unimpressive that I'm not really motivated to try it again. I would definitely check out the over-priced, touristy products they sell in the chocolate store portion of the restaurant, though. 
The only things I'd recommend trying here are the hug mugs. They hold several kinds of overly sweet hot chocolates, which may make you really thirsty afterward, but they are EXTREMELY satisfying on a cold winter night. Actually, you can also have them during the summer, when the interior of the restaurant imitates the weather in Siberia with the A/C on full-blast. 
I think this establishment could really benefit from an upgrade on the quality of its food. The concept and design are pretty cool, but it would be even better if the food lived up to the image Max Brenner is trying to create.Went back for a savory dinner at Brenner's. The meal was decent (pizza + spicy tuna salad sandwich) but this place is known for their desserts for good reason. However, I was really disappointed with my dessert selection this time. I did not enjoy the apple crisp at all. The combination of chocolate in apple pie seemed like a great idea until you take a bite. The flavors are incompatible and I couldn't finish the dessert...and that's very rare for me.   
I did love the presentation of the apple crisp on its graph-paper esque ceramic plate alongside a test tube filled with caramel. As a science nerd in grad school, I could definitely appreciate this play on labware. 
The dessert itself will not deter me from visiting Brenner's again. The allure of chocolate is powerful and enduring. I think next time I will stick to their traditional chocolate desserts instead.We celebrated my daughters birthday here on Sunday June 12 the food and service was awesome. Thank u for a special time! Shout out to Josh for handling our reservation U were really kind and  helpful!Good place nice atmosphere and fair prices max brenner is great to have a date night or just to spend time with family and friends my recommendation would be the fondue for the simple fact that it caters to your personal likingThis place is very chaotic. My friend and I came here for brunch. I have had the hot chocolate on my mind since the last time I came here. The best I ever tasted. I was very disappointed in my hot chocolate today. It came warm not hot! Hot chocolate is normally hot!  I had to send it back because by the time our food came it was cold. Next the breakfast. My eggs were overlooked that they were almost hard boiled!  I didn't ask for hard boiled eggs!! I have to say this breakfast was a bust. One of the worse. My friend ordered the Mac and cheese which she didn't practically like either. Did I mention the hot chocolate was almost $6.00!! The place is overpriced! $14.00 for two eggs, bacon and potatoes. The bill came to $30.00 for Mac n cheese, one latte and one hot chocolate!  For this price I could have gone to Parc and had a much better meal!!Great place for a big dessert. If you want to get in, be sure to make a reservation. Also come hungry or you'll be put in a chocolate comaThe  BEST desserts in the city! Pricey but worth it. Get the chocolate pizza, any milkshake and the waffle desserts. Food isn't worth it.Made a 12:15 reservation today at Max Brenner's after my wife and I took my 4 year old granddaughter to see a children's stage show at the Merriam Theatre. I figured all of the chocolate would be a special treat for her and she was excited. We arrived on time and were seated 5 minutes later but only after we pointed out two tables sitting empty just needing to be cleaned. We told them we had to leave by 1:15. First, they failed to give us a children's menu which I had to go and retrieve. We ordered 10 minutes later including 2 sodas and a lemonade which we did not receive for 25 minutes and first they bought regular soda instead of the diet we ordered. My granddaughter kept asking where the food was. For her to ask tells you all you need to know. It was total chaos. Also, they have two unisex bathrooms, one of which had no paper towels and the other no toilet paper. We asked for setups which we still didn't have 45 minutes after being seated and asking for them twice. Finally we received two thirds of the order at 1:05 and the rest at 1:10, not much time to eat when we had to leave at 1:15. That left us no time left for dessert for my granddaughter in a restaurant known for it. The food, which became an afterthought (wings, quesadilla and fries) was no more than average but this wasn't about the food, it was about a restaurant in disarray and very poorly managed. There are too many other options in the city to go through this again and I will not be back.Went to Max Brenners on a Wednesday night, and the place was full, not packed, but there was a nice crowd. At first I couldnt find the place because they list their address as 1500 Walnut, but upon arrival I realized thats the address for Butcher & Singer. No matter, the B&S valet told me to head around the corner.
When you walk in, the smell of chocolate wafted right up my nose and I immediatley was happy. We gout our seats and were promptly attended to. We were coming from a comedy show where we ordered appetizers, so we didnt need to get any here.
I ordered the Sesame Seed Infused Salmon with Spinach and Wasabi Aoili.My husband ordered the Firey Chicken Burger with waffle fries. When my food came (pretty quickly) i taseted my salmon and was transported. it was delicious, cooked to perfection and the Sesame seeds were good too! (I was actually kind fo freaked out at first because it looked like Salmon with caviar all over it. LOL)
I looked at my husband and he was elbows deep in his sandwich tearing it to bits! He didnt need to tell me it was delicious.
We decided to get dessert (after all, why go here unless you want to eat some chocolate). I ordered the Euphoria Sundae, and when it came... GOOD FREAKING GRIEF!!! It was HUGE! way to much for me to finish but it was delicious! Hazelnuts! Toffee covered bananas! Peanut Butter and Chocolate ice cream with a brownie! Yumsville!!!
My only two complaints are the bathroom (they only have one big room with one bathroom, in it so if someone is in there then you have to wait. I dont see why this place wouldnt have a bathroom with more than one stall) and  our server seemed to be kind of .... well... off.
He'd come over and ask how everything was, and then as im answering he'd be kind of looking away or walking off. I dont know maybe he was just and odd kind of guy. 
Whe bill for both of us including dessert was about $67.00, not bad!Had lunch here with a friend.  We decided to go here because it was restaurant week, but they apparently don't do restaurant week on Saturday for lunch, which we were unaware of, but with what we ordered it ended up working out to around the same price so that was good. We started with the onion rings with the chocolate ranch dipping sauce--sounds weird but it was good! I had the turkey club and my friend had the Pillow panini. We didn't have much time, so we didn't do dessert but we're definitely coming back because everything looks awesome!  I recommend making a reservation, the place was packed! Also, beware there are lots of kids being hopped up on sugar by their parents.  Concept is cool, very apothecary-esque and the shop has delicious chocolates to purchase.Went here for Valentine's Day and had a great time. Both dishes ordered the steak quesadillas and Mac and Cheese were delicious, especially the quesadillas. The desserts menu was hard to pick from because there were so many options that sounded delicious. We had the tiramisu and the chocolate pizza. Very good experience. Would recommend for a more relaxed, chill meal.I came here for the first (and last) time last night for dessert with my boyfriend. The place is so small and crowded that we were practically on top of the people next to us. We ordered the fondue for two which came with two different chocolates and caramel (?), I think, because our waitress just threw it down on the table and walked away.  I didn't taste it.  They gave us strawberries, bananas, store-bought marshmallows, and extremely bland brownies and cookies.  The table was so small and rocky that there was barely enough space for everything.  We ate the fruit and marshmallows (about three of each was provided) and then the waitress just came and put down our check.  Never checked in to see if we needed anything, how it was, or if we wanted anything else.  Just put down the check.  Not only was the service terrible and the place too crowded and uncomfortable, the dessert wasn't even good (especially not for $25).  The receipt had tip amounts for each percentage (18, 20, 22) and we had to just laugh.  We had finished dinner earlier in the night at Misconduct Tavern around the corner and left a 25-30% tip because our waitress there was extremely nice and helpful.  At this place, we left around 11%, and even that felt like too much.  Everything about Max Brenner's was terrible and over-hyped.  I would not recommend Max Brenner's at all.Soooooo many things wrong, the second time around. First time we were here, it was nice, even though I thought overpriced.
The second time around, this past weekend, it was very poor. We arrived around 1130am, as we were eating before our 1pm play at the Academy of Music. We were sat in a few minutes. We were greeted by our server quickly, and received our drinks quickly as well. 
That is where the good things ended. I ordered a sandwich and she ordered a flatbread pizza. It took 30 minutes to get our food. 30 minutes! When the food did arrive, I didn't have the side of pickles, nor the dipping sauce as stated on the menu. When I asked the server about the sauce, she said it doesn't usually come with the dipping sauce. She then got me the dipping sauce. 
The pizza was ordered without cilantro, but instead of just no cilantro, it also had no jalapenos and no black beans- which was not good. As long as it took for the food to arrive, along with our now time crunch for our show, we pushed forward. 
We tried to salvage our meal with a dessert order. AGAIN, it took 20 minutes to get a dessert, and in the end we had to cancel the order and ask for the check. The server mentioned that she had no idea where the dessert was, as she had checked for it multiple times. (Why not ask the kitchen where it is, instead of just wondering?). 
We then paid the check and left. 
At $15 for a simple sandwich and $15 for a flatbread, we expected better. Add in the crazy long wait for food, the incorrect/missing food, and the no-show dessert, it was just a really bad experience. 
I would also agree with another review that I read. The place is looking tired and beat up. I too, noticed the missing pictures on the walls, but the hooks still in the wall, and the tables were a bit beat up as well. 
Overall, not a good experience, and much different from our first visit.I've been to the NYC location a zillion times and have always found it delicious. The food is good, but obviously you should come here for the desserts! The dessert pizza is particularly delicious. They have deliciously indulgent breakfasts too, like crepes with nutella and fresh fruit. The menu items change fairly often, so if you visit every few months, you'll always find something new to try. Make sure to splurge on a  fancy cocktail--they have had a divine chocolate mint one!
My only complaint is that it's quite pricey--I'd say it's closer to 3 $s than the 2 listed--but just as you aren't going to come here when you're on a diet, you aren't going to come here when you're feeling particularly broke!Took my daughter and her friends there for her birthday! Our server Chad was phenomenal it was our first time there. He explained everything on the menu perfectly. The waffle fries with cheese and bacon were amazing. Great flatbread pizza and wings. The European fondue was excellent!! The girls loved roasting the marshmallows!!! Awesome milkshakes, also the glass they serve them in were awesome to. Great spot if you are a chocolate fanatic!!!  The only thing is that the food is a little pricey but I would go back.Great place if you love chocolate..they have an amazing variety of chocolate milk shakes and regular foodGood desert place !  All about chocolate lovers! Why not?  If you need something sweet but not too heavy this is right place , you can also have beers too 
beer and chocolate? You Must try this place 
And fondue over here never go wrong
Good place to chillWe went recently with our kids. The kids loved it but the reality is this is very average food that is very overpriced. The feel is basically that of any average chain restaurant. The cost of a hamburger is close to $15 and again,  nothing special. I was not even wowed by the $6 hot chocolate. But if you have kids, I am sure they will think it is fun.I haven't eaten at Max Brenner, and I've only had one of their chocolates - which was fine, considering I like the idea of eating chocolate much more than I enjoy the actual experience.
I'm writing this review solely because I find it invariably fascinating that you can 1) eat dinner 2) get dessert 3) buy a box of chocolates and 4) buy BATH PRODUCTS all in one spot. 
And damn, that cocoabutter lotion smells fantastic. It's like Axe for women...that and the exfoliating chocolate scrub. Not only do you get to slough off all those terrible epithelial cells, but you also get to smell like something so enticingly edible. Yeah. Max Brenner is a winner.So I went Thursday 1/18/18 for the restaurant week promotion but I didn't have reservation so they told me it's going to be 2 hours wait and I said that's fine because it was too early in the evening and I wasn't hungry yet. They took my name and phone number and texted me I will be contacted when I a table is available for me. I waited 2.5 hours and didn't even get an apology from them that they won't be able to fulfill their commitment so I can look elsewhere. Went back to complain to manager "tony" whose response was "I wasn't here".
So heads up when you don't have reservation make sure "tony" is there or else their promise is a lieThe food is just very average - think TGI Friday's.  I was there during restaurant week, so our dining $ went much further than on a typical day.  The service was eh, the chocolate fondue we had was tasty but nothing special. I don't know.  Maybe this is a great place for just desert or folks with little kids, but it won't  be on my return list.this review is solely for DESSERT DRINKS
i love to come in here for a night cap for their white russian or kahlua drink. it's so delicious but definitely on the pricier side ($13 a drink) but if you're a fan of sweets, you'll love their white russian or kahlua drink; presented very nicely and delicious.Max Brenner is a unique restaurant which I found to be a fun atmosphere. The smell of chocolate as you walk in sets the tone. The dessert menu is overwhelming.  I had the steak sandwich on a waffle with cheese sauce. It was amazing! I would highly recommend this dish. The side of waffle fries were very good also.  I did not care for the pickle. It had an extra bitter taste.  The 2 desserts we got were ok. The milkshake was good but not great. The scoop of ice cream that came on the milkshake was very good.   The second dessert was a dish for 2 (can't recall the name).  It was a thin layer of cake topped with ice cream, fruit, whipped cream and chocolate. It was ok.  The cake was slightly over cooked and did not have a great deal of flavor. The ice cream was pretty good but overall I would not recommend this dessert.  I would definitely go back and would recommend this place to friends looking for a low key dinnerWhite chocolate chai tea latte... on your mark... get set... GO get phat now! Sooo worth it!Don't be a fool like me.  Don't order the food, any of it.  Only come for desert,  and Choco martini.  The dinner food is worse than TGIF.  However staff was friendly and helpful.  If they don't convert to a dessert shop,  they will go bankrupt serving dinnerDon't go to Max Brenner if you just want food and no dessert.  The food is overpriced and not all that great.  The milkshakes and hot chocolates are fine.  We didn't have dessert but would love to try the s'mores. There is not much on the menu for the health conscious;  even the seemingly healthy choices have something that fattens things up.  Big regret going here and not to another place for lunch on recent visit to Philadelphia.Service started off  rocky. I was the first of my party to arrive and sat for about 15-20 minutes as the server turned his back to me. I wanted to flag him down to put in an order, but his body language told me not to. He'd walk by, get their orders/serve tables but turn around immediately. I thought this was weird because I already knew what drinks and apps to order for my party. He later apologized saying he didn't want to bother me while I waited, so I don't have any beef with him, I just thought the practice was strange. I'd have liked to have a drink while I waited and get some of the food started ...
Expect to pay a lot of money. Some of the food is presented beautifully, but the veggie burger was bland, fell apart, and I found that the plank they give you as a plate made it difficult to both eat the food and share the table with other people - the plank is over a foot long which means that glasses, other plates, and elbows will have to get out of the way for you. It was an unnecessary touch that actually made eating the food an uncomfortable afterthought, which I guess is the best way to sum up the experience. The focus of this place isn't to create a wonderful, food-oriented experience. It's more about theme, hype, and presentation. It doesn't matter if the chocolate sauce and the salmon taste good together, it's about saying that they have the gall to do that pairing. This place is more about hype than food, but it's cute if you have kids or a sweet toothIt was my first time dining here, and I was not overly impressed with the food. I got the double decker, which is one of the few veggie options, which are nicely marked on the menu (I very much appreciated that). I've come here before for their specialty chocolate drinks--amazing. I've also tried to fondue before--really food. But the food I got was mediocre, especially at the prices they charge. I'd come back for drinks but skip on the food.Can't get enough of Max Brenner! Perfect choice for a dessert place. My fiance and I love they're fondues, kangaroo cup, Italian thick hot chocolate, crepes, and the tutti frutti waffles weren't bad either. We once tried the famous chocolate mess party for two and could not for the life of us even make a dent in it!
I'm hoping to try their actual chocolate pieces and dinner menu items soon! Will update when I do!
We may always leave feeling sick and full of chocolate, but I believe it's worth it.The terrible reviews about the hosts are not joking around. The hosts here are brattiest, most immature front of house staff I've ever seen. And I've done their job, so I know what is just bad circumstances and what is literally so preventable and 100% their fault. I've been here twice in two weeks, most recently and appallingly on Saturday the 19th (my birthday) with reservations and both times it was over 30 minutes before we were sat, which is ridiculous if there is a reservation booked. I can understand that mistakes happen and if we were communicated that it would be one thing, but from the time I checked in (again on Saturday the 19th) with the hosts until I was sat I was met with such rudeness that I can't believe these three girls still work there. They have such passive aggression it's unbelievable. I asked them if the rest of my party was here, the one replied "I don't know why don't you walk around and look". I asked how much longer it would be before we were sat after 20 minutes, they replied "well we need tables to get up because there's no room for you" mind you I have a reservation. Finally our name is called and the host that I walk up to to acknowledge I am the reservation she is supposed to be seating grabs three girls behind me and seats them! I turn to the other host and ask if she is seating Grace party of three. She responds yes, to which I respond that I am Grave and she is not seating us, mind you I have spoken to this girl two separate times. She should know my face and my name by now since it has been 30 minutes since our first interaction. So she goes and tells these poor girls that they were not supposed to be sat yet, and turns to me and says "you're lucky I was here because no one else would do that but I don't have time for this". To sum it up it was a great birthday at Max Brenner. If it wasn't for the great waiter there would only be one star. But suffice to say your terrible hosts ruined a great birthday celebration so thank them for me.Stopped in here on Saturday and was a little disappointed that most of the adult drinks contained milk. Did not stay.I love it for kids! Fun place for hot chocolate and fondue! Their food is ok... I got a burger and waffle fries which was good. I love how you can buy Chocolate on your way out as well.Just had dinner here and I have to say it was all very tasty. I was supposed to have the Brenner burger but for whatever reason I got the California burger. Not what I ordered but because it was my husbands birthday dinner I didn't say anything. None the less, it was still very good. I ordered it medium well and it was perfect. The waffle fries and what I belive was a mayo ketchup sauce were very good!! My husband had the Mac and cheese with just the bacon and that was very good as well. 
For dessert I had a crepe with strawberries and I had our waitress ass some bananas to it.... It was soooo good! 
My main complaint would be that though the food was good and tasty, it was way over priced in my opinion. The Mac and cheese was not worth the 14-15 price tag and neither was the burger. 
But over all yummy!!I stopped in here for my birthday dessert on a Tuesday night.  We sat at the bar, which was fun because we got to see the people making the sundaes.
My date ordered the salty caramel hot chocolate and I got some sort of ridiculous peanut butter sundae.  Both were super amazing and I was sad when it was over.  Mine came with chocolate and peanut butter dipping sauces that were so perfect...it was dangerous.
I will definitely be back when I'm craving a fancy sweet fix!Food was good. It was crowded and loud, especially the background music. The fondu dessert was just ok. We were in a rush to get to the theatre so we couldn't wait till everything was heated up. Do most of the dessert was cold.I came here on a whim while passing through Center City.  I had a Groupon and figured they would do a better brunch than Marathon down the street.  Well, l can safely say that while Max Brenner prides itself on serving sumptuous and delicious desserts, they should stick to just that.  Anything else on the menu is a waste of your time and money.
Aside from our overly enthusiastic server, Max Brenner relies on gimmicks and wordplay to sell you overpriced desserts and concoctions.  They do a really good job, however, of making everything on the menu sound amazing.  I was salivating the entire time reading the descriptions.  However, while the mocha that both of us had (a cappuccino made with hot chocolate) was good, I'm not sure it was worth $5.25.
When it finally came time for brunch, that was also a let down.  My hang-over omelette was bland and tasteless.  The homefries were good but lacked substance.  The biscuit was sweet and tasted decent with butter and chocolate, but overly chewy and doughy.  A dash of hot sauce could have saved the eggs, but I probably should have stuck with the sweeter brunch items.  After all, this is a dessert place.
The worst part was that I couldn't even use my Groupon because it's only valid during weekdays.  That means we had to pay for the entire meal in full, which was not cheap (five dollar coffees, hello!!).  I guess we'll have to come back for dessert which I hope they don't mess up too bad.  At least it'll be almost free.
UPDATE 5/24/11:  We went back during the week for dessert so we could use the Groupon.  Our brunch was awful, so perhaps they could save themselves on the dessert.  Nope.  They couldn't even do dessert right.  We were so lucky that our Groupon covered virtually the entire meal because I would feel robbed having to pay for what I just ate.
We split the Sharing for Two.  This consists of milk chocolate fondue with fresh fruit and marshmallows, a scaled-down version of the banana split waffle sundae, milk and white chocolate bark, chocolate nibs, a crispy chocolate egg roll, three miniature brownies, and more chocolate sauce.  The dish is designed so that the customers can get a sample of the entire Max Brenner dessert menu.  Presentation-wise, it looks beautiful.  That's the only nice thing I can say.
The fondue didn't work.  There was a flame so that you could toast the marshmallows and bananas before dipping them in the sauce.  However, the fruit and marshmallows kept falling off the fondue forks (which weren't given to us until we asked), and as the meal went on, the flames got higher, so I had to arch my arm in order to dip my food into the fondue without burning my hand or arm.  With regards to the rest of the dish, the waffle in the waffle sundae was dense, chewy, and starchy (no matter how much of the sweet sauce we used to make it less so).  The egg roll was overpowered by the peanuts.  The bark was ok but nothing special.  The brownies were good, but fell apart upon picking them up.  I'm not sure what the nibs were for except an excuse to charge more for the dish itself.  The coffee was also pretty non-descript, and at the end of the meal, my hands were really really sticky.
In summary, in our two and only visits to Max Brenner, they managed to mess up both brunch (understandable, they do dessert) and dessert (not acceptable).  We won't be going back unless someone else offers to pay.Note: This restaurant is on the pricier end of the $$. Dessert first, dinner later (if you can). 
There are three reasons you will pay the obnoxiously high price that Max Brenner charges for their food. 
1. The waffle fries
2. The mac and cheese
3. The dessert menu 
Trust me, nothing else in the dinner menu matters as much as the waffle friends and mac and cheese do. They're delicious and all you need to be happy at Max Brenner for dinner. 
The dessert menu, on the other hand, is the complete opposite. You literally cannot go wrong, and the dessert is so good you forget you're paying about $25 dollars for it. We ordered the Tiramisu, the Mess Party for Two, and the Strawberry Hazelnut Crepe. I liked the crepe the best, but each of my friends liked the other two. Everyone has their favorites. You cannot go wrong, and the dessert menu is the reason I get excited to come here. 
Tip: Make a reservation through OpenTable, and your life will be a million times easier. Calling or walking in is just a pain because sometimes there's no space or the reservation is dropped. 
Side note: Sometimes the lighting is actually just way too dark here and the tables are small.I absolutely love this crazy baldheaded Chocolatier! The fact that you can get dessert and cocktails together it's so delightfully decadent! I especially like the way that they successfully attempt to add spice and heat to chocolate,  I found it nothing short of amazing!This is one of my favorite places to eat.  The ambiance is cool, food is delicious, desserts are amazing and the cocktails are great too.
I recommend trying the burger and this is the kind of place where you HAVE to get a dessert too, otherwise you're doing it wrong.
Great places to go with friends, on a date, go for dinner or just dessert.if you like your desserts (which this place is known for) then you would definitely love coming here.  My boyfriend and I came here one night (Monday night) and left with a sugar high like no other.  Let me start from the end and work my way back.  For dessert we had the churros dish which was out of this world!  What a great dessert to split and to make things better, they brought MORE churros (for a small additional price-not bad though).  The side sauces we got were the toffee, chocolate and raspberry and they were incredible.  The chocolate was like none Ive ever tasted but Im not surprised because that's what Max Brenner's is all about, right?  For dinner, we had the cheesesteak on a waffle which was delicious! My boyfriend ordered it because he loves cheesesteaks but funny enough he didnt like it all that much! I liked it better than he did.  I ordered the mac and cheese with bacon and was VERY LET DOWN.  Not happy at all with my dinner experience which put me in the mood to just leave after dinner but Scott convinced me to stay for dessert (good thing he did or else this rating would be at MOST 3 stars).  The service was quick and nothing to really comment on- they were in and out real quick and didn't seem to portray any sort of personality (I like my waitresses/waiters to have a personality).  The ambiance was nice but not the best- I was expecting better but their dessert made up for it.  Dessert- 5 stars, dinner- 2 stars, ambiance- 3 stars and service 2 stars (if you want a breakdown)I went here with two friends a few nights ago and had a very meh experience.
We started out with hot chocolate. I ordered some sort of a spicy hot chocolate and was surprised to find that it was NOT hot, temperature-wise. I sent it back - and I very rarely send things back -- and was given a new hot chocolate, which was still not hot. My server checked in a few minutes later and  when I expressed concerns he  informed me that particular hot chocolate would never be hot, as there are some cold ingredients. The server was kind enough to take the HC off the bill, but I almost think it should be called out on the menu as not being hot. Who wants to drink lukewarm hot chocolate?
Next, my friend and I both had BLT's for our entree.  It was OK, but there was way too much mayo, and it didn't sit on my stomach so well.  The fries were really good- I wish the entrees had more fries and less BLT, the BLT was huge.  The entree was a tad bit overpriced.
For dessert, we split the last chocolate dish on the menu that's designed to be shared by 2.  It was very underwhelming - we couldn't really taste the chocolate, it didn't 'pop'.  The presentation was great, but it tasted like something from Applebee's.  My other friend ordered the Tutti Frutti waffle, which he really enjoyed.
All said and done, the bill (excluding tip) was about $70...A walk into Max Brenner's is somewhat like entering Willie Wonka's Chocolate factory for adults. 
The sweet smells are intoxicating with an undercurrent of coffee, and you know that alcohol is looming in the wings.  The whole experience is a bit overstimulating and commercialized, but you can't argue with the quality of their chocolates.  They put out some unique truffle flavors and other assorted confections, all of which I have found delightful.
As far as eating in, I have never sampled their "savory" menu items, and frankly can't imagine eating a meal somewhere so overwhelmingly perfumed with chocolate.  However, their cocktails and desserts are sinful and fabulous.  The prices are high and the portions are modest, but for an occasional special treat, it is hard to go wrong here.Where do I start? Okay, let's say that just before taking a trip to Philly, I was watching Foodnetwork and they had to advertise the best pizza ever... yep! made of chocolate with a selection of toppings to be chosen by customers, so of course I gotta get it!
It's a Saturday night, not too cold but breeze enough to get my dosage of calories, and yeah, I am talking about chocolate!! Problem was, my friend and I had not eaten yet... So dessert before dinner cannot hurt, right?
We are coming in and I see a bunch of people waiting to get a table (like a lot!). So I approach the front desk and request a table for 2, nice lady says they are not taking walk-ins till past 10:30pm... time is 8:00 pm! 
My friend and I were too starving to wait that long, so I asked if we could just order to go, or sit by the counter and nice lady says if I find a place, yes we can!
I think this was meant to happen... we are coming to the counter and all seats are taken, but just happened to see a couple paying their check! Yay for us!
We got seated and since I can't help my urge (for sweets) I ordered the chocolate pizza (Chocolate Chunks Pizza). Our waiter explains there are two sizes: half and whole. She asked if we wanted to eat then showed us the menu. Again, my friend and I were really hungry so we put our pizza order on hold and went for the food menu. 
Hungry but want to have the cake and eat it too (meaning food and dessert)... We ordered small portion (or that's what we believe!) of food.
I went for the pasta option. It serves two at least! Tasty, spicy and affordable, Well done!
My friend went for the combo: tomato soup and grilled cheese. She did not leave a thing! So I am taking it, she liked it
What I really need to bring out is the excellent customer service we received by the young lady at the counter! I cannot remember her name, but she was friendly, courteous and oh yeah, she was wearing glasses. She was such a professional, always checking on us, waiting for us to bring the best of the night.... Yeah, our Chocolate Chunk Pizza with roasted marshmallows and crunchy hazelnut bits! 
I can also tell based on the tables around that people enjoyed both food and dessert... and yes, chocktails! 
Next time I am visiting, Max Brenner you are in my mind!Food is delicious, service is eh. We were seated a half hour before they closed on a Thursday night and the service was wicked slow. The food was worth the wait, but we didn't have napkins, utensils or water. Usually at restaurants they fill your water glass with practically every sip. After consuming such rich and heavy food, I just needed water and it took our waitress until we were halfway done with dessert to bring us water (and I'm a slow eater). Our waitress was a sweet girl, just not very attentive. Maybe it would be a different experience if we went during a busier time. 
We ordered a cheesesteak waffle sandwich, which was awesome. You can't taste the waffle, but it didn't matter. The consistency was clutch and the flavor was awesome. For dessert we split a s'mores crepe. Even just having half was almost too much because it's very filling. I'd recommend sharing this dessert with a group of people. 
Overall the food was good, just wish the service was better. Would like to try brunch there sometime.I'm so disappointed I went there with my family celebrating for the first time and there was a cockroach walked up to the wall I was angry when I saw it I imagined that he went to the kitchen!!!!!!! Ewwwwwwww It's gonna be the last time to go there :/Loved this place! We got fondue and coffee and it was perfect! Would have been five stars but the waitress interrupted our meal to ask for the credit card to pay. I'm sure she needed to close the table but the place was packed and it was off putting. We had only been there an hour. Other than that it was a great experience and we will be back!Max Brenner's chocolate is good, but not great. He won't be putting Ghirardelli out of business anytime soon. However, I think the store and the cafe are a nice concept. I really enjoyed the chocolate chai and the really cool steeper cup it was served in. However, I was a little disappointed by the double chocolate fudge cake. Having had an amazing chocolate cake at Devon's Seafood Grill the night before, it paled in comparison on flavor and wasn't worth the calories I had to burn off after eating.
Though the dessert failed to deliver a "wow" factor, I think the restaurant is nice and is the perfect place to sit down and chat in an unassuming environment. I would definitely return.i loved the waffle fries :)
i also wanted to get their popsicle with the chocolate dip?.. but they told me they ran out of popsicles! i was so upset ;_; apparently they get their supply from Israel or something.. bizarre, right? anyways, the waiter (who turned out to be my bf's long lost friend) told us that of all things, he recommends the sundae b/c you actually get 4 scopes of ice cream compared to other lesser value items for the same price.. so that's that.. in the end, i was still upset about the no-popsicle-deal even tho we asked the waiter, "what do u recommend?...would you get the popsicle?" waiter responded, "honestly?..... no." lolEver since Max Brenner opened its doors in Philly, this was on my bucket list of places to visit. When you walk, the warm colors welcome you like walking in to Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. As we sat down, we flipped open the dessert menu and I started salivating immediately!
Joe got the hot chocolate. He had a choice of types of chocolate and went with dark chocolate. I thought this came out in the cutest glass. His hot chocolate was  rich and creamy.
My chai tea latte came out in this tea infuser and had a cinnamon raisin biscotti on the side. The chai tea latte was velvety with a nice spice kick.
To commemorate our 1st date at Melting Pot, we ordered the chocolate fondue which came with warm toffee, warm milk chocolate and raspberries. I thought it was really cool that these stacking dishes were over an open flame and the plate that it came out on was a notebook paper! I think the one thing I didn't like was the raspberries (and there weren't enough churros). But overall, the toffee was delicious and the milk chocolate covered churro hit the spot.We had a 6:30 reservation for Saturday night, had to wait a bit to be seated because the place is TINY and it was packed. The hostess was not very friendly or welcoming. The seating is very awkward and there is no place to comfortably wait.   We finally were seated around the center round thing (?). I wasn't very impressed with the atmosphere to be honest...it was nothing special.  The chocolate martini was really good, but expensive and TINY!  We ordered the Chicken Satay skewers to start, they were ok, there were 6 which was perfect for our group of 3 to share.  My daughter ordered chicken fingers and fries, which were pretty much standard.  I ordered the Roast Beef sandwich on a waffle, which was really bland and not very exciting.  My husband ordered the BLT with Avacado which was very good. I ordered the cake with the liquid chocolate filling...it was bland also! They don't have the dip-able popsicles any longer and the server suggested the ice cream cone that had some chocolate pieces and toffee served with it as a substitute...my daughter wasn't really into it and only ate a  bit.  Our server was very nice and the timing was ok for the food, but I wouldn't go back or recommend it.The first thing you'll smell when you come in is the chocolate! Yum! We made reservations, highly recommend so you don't have to wait.
The food is simple and good, nothing special. We had the turkey club and the Mac and cheese. The portions are fairly large.
We also had a s'mores combo of sorts in a jar it was wait too sweat! We didn't enjoy it... I had the salted Carmel hot chocolate and it was perfect. If you get any hot chocolates skip other deserts, you'll be full.I love coming here with friends for the amazing chocolate martinis! This place just oozes chocolate. When we are here for more than just the martinis, I love to get the fondue. My favorite is the churro fondue, fresh baked sugary churros to dip in milk chocolate, toffee and raspberry sauce. 
You can make reservations, even if you're just eating dessert. And trust me, if you're coming on a Friday or Saturday night, you'll need reservations. In fact, the last time I was there, the hostess snapped at asking if I had reservations, then snapped again to make sure my whole party was there. On the positive side, we were 20 minutes early, and they had our table ready. 
I've never eaten their dinner, I rarely eat dinner and dessert at the same place. I can recommend their brunch. Make sure you are in the mood for chocolate though! Even the oatmeal comes with chocolate. 
It's good for about 2- 6 people.Chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate. There's a lot of that, so going in I thought are we just having dessert??? However, I was pleasantly surprised. We started with the waffle fries appetizer and it was cool, not overly spectacular, but it was decent. But we also had the wings. Now, theses are good. Like really, really good. I think one of the greatest things ever created is a chicken wing. Who needs the rest of the chicken??? Yeah, but the wings, not a buffalo wing, but they have a really good flavor. Actually got an extra order to take home. For the entree, I had an item from the special menu. It was a cheesesteak waffle sandwich. Now, reading that may not be too appetizing, but the taste is simply amazing. I mean it's really, really, really good. Like this should be a staple. In short, it's an experience that you need to have. Willy Wonka would be proud. Throw an Oompa Loompa in the place or something.First time here and I felt like I was in chocolate heaven. Everything was so delicious! Chocolate galore! My
Favorite chocolate place so farI won't go into all the details, but the service was slow (over an hour to get apps) and the food was overpriced ($14 for a burger and 4 fries. Yes 4).My friends and I were SO excited to make a trip into the city for a special treat at Max Brenner. The food was  good but we were pretty disappointed with the whole experience. 
We were happy to be seated immediately but it took over 10 minutes for anyone to acknowledge our presence at the table. Finally a waitress came over and said she was sorry for the delay but no one had told her that we were her table. I thought that was incredibly unprofessional. 
We were surrounded by uncleared tables. The tables sat with dirty dishes and napkins for our entire time in the restaurant. This was so unappetizing and just made the entire experience even less appealing. 
Dessert was amazing but i'll be honest; If I'm going to drive an hour for a nice dinner out I can do so much better than our experience tonight.The place is only getting two stars for their amazing quality chocolate . However their services last name get left a lot to be desired. I went their with my friends, a couple w child. Their 5-year old daughter was asleep in her stroller and the restaurant staff made a big fuss about not being able to accommodate the stroller and suggested we WAKE UP the child so she could sit in a chair. We actually had to get the manager involved who accommodated us very sullenly . Meanwhile the restaurant was not very crowded - this being close to midnight on a Saturday- so their argument that the stroller would get in wait staff's way seemed ludicrous, and not very customer friendly . Unfortunate situation to mar an otherwise pleasant experience at this restaurant.Something I really like about Max Brenner is that they completely acknowledge and embrace the fact that chocolate is their specialty, so they offer the choice of either a full menu or dessert-only menu upon arrival, rather than forcing customers to order a full meal.
My group of friends and I were there for dessert only, so we went straight for the chocolate dishes. The dessert I got was the American Apple Pie White Hot Chocolate, which was amazing. I have previously had the Italian Hot Chocolate at a Max Brenner in New York, which was incredibly rich and thick, too heavy and sweet for me to take. The Apple Pie Hot Chocolate was rich enough to enjoy, but light enough to finish, so I liked it much more. Plus the flavor combination was amazing: white hot chocolate with apple pie filling and topped with whipped cream and caramel. I believe this flavor is seasonal, so if you have a Max Brenner nearby, check it out! All of my other friends were very satisfied with what they got, including the fondue for two, a dark chocolate milkshake, and another chocolate platter. Everything was artfully presented on modern plates and mugs, and the experience overall was very enjoyable.
Max Brenner is a great place to go to whenever you have a chocolate craving. And from what I saw in passing, their regular food looks very good as well!I'm not a dessert person, but I came with a group of friends and decided to go ahead and share with the actual dessert people.
Unfortunately, they were out of the desserts that we wanted. Kind of a bummer there. What they did suggest as a replacement was tasty enough - rich, dense chocolate cake (thank God for the raspberry sauce to lighten it up a bit) - but I got the impression that it wasn't really what my friends wanted. 
I've heard good things about their actual entrees so maybe I'll stop in again.