I love this establishment. I had the best cheesesteak here. The food is pretty solid and there is usually a small line of folks waiting to order. The people are also very friendly.  This a place that has a lot of love for its food and everyone.So this was my first time in Philadelphia and I definitely loved it ! It was authentic from the cooking to the delivery . They aren't stingy on the meat  at all ! Which makes me happy ! The price is reasonable.I was out in Philliy for a night out and wanted to get a cheesesteak. I expected this place to be nothing less than amazing due to great reviews it received. For starters my chicken cheese steak had zero salt and pepper. I was eating bland meat with ketchup and onions. I waited in line for 15 minutes just to be disappointed. I really wanted to like this place, unfortunately it was a disappointment. Would rather go to pats and get their wiz cheese.Literally asked the guy if I can order pick up, mind you I waited 2 mins for someone to pick up the phone. After he said no phone orders after 3 he hung up IMMEDIATELY. Didn't give me a chance to ask any further questions. I understand this place has good ratings, but don't get fooled by their horrible customer service. I rather go to steves or genos and take the 20 min extra car ride, at least I'll get better CUSTOMER SERVICEHands down. This spot is the best place in steaks.  The location is off the beaten path but once you take your first taste you'll be dreaming about when you can get back there again. Believe it!I stopped by last year when I was in the area. All I can say is YUM!!!!!!!!!!If it's good enough for Rick Ross (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKJy4GSLA10), it's good enough for me.
This has actually become my favorite place for steaks in Philly.  Every other place bores me in comparison to Max's.  My man behind the grill is a true entertainer and a master griller.  He somehow manages to take orders, man the grill, keep orders straight, keep people from getting pissed off, and construct an outstanding sandwich.  This is quite the feat considering how packed this place can get.
As mentioned by others, the giant his HUGE.  Not only is it twice as long as a normal steak anywhere else, but they pack it with meat and anything else you want on it.  Because there is so much meat, it can get a bit dry so I suggest getting whiz over American and maybe adding some ketchup (or your condiment of choice).  I consider myself a big eater, and I can't finish a giant in one sitting.  I tried hard because it was so tasty but had to give up.  A giant will run you somewhere in the neighborhood of $15.
As an added bonus, Max's sells beer for takeout.  It is also connected to the Eagle Bar, which looked like a nice place--people seemed to be enjoying themselves.My favorite spot in Philly for cheesesteaks... it is in the hood...reminds me of 125th street or fordham road back in the late 80s or 90s ... if you're not comfortable in the hood I suggest you go early or in with a few ppl .. ..
Cheap prices especially for beer...they even sell 40s ... :)..Finally made it to the infamous Max's Steaks...
While this spot has been around for years the movie Creed made it more popular and touristy. It's located on the corner of a urban area in North Philly. The outside isn't the prettiest. Extremely small parking lot located next door. You have to rely on street parking if you strike out. A bus stop is directly in front of Max's as well as the street car stop a few feet away so be prepared to possibly deal with some interesting personalities on your way in.
I felt like I had the luck of good timing when I pulled up because I didn't see a line going out the door and around the corner....little did I know that this just the beginning! When you enter you will see signs that say "order here" and "pay here". However, it can get a little confusing to those that don't know the "process". 
You kinda have to step back and wait around for them to call you once you sandwich is ready for the toppings. In the meantime you are hoping and praying that they don't confuse people and orders because it's not like they are relying on a number/name system or something. It's all about "hey you, you're next" type of thing. 
I decided to snap a quick picture of the steak/onions being cooked on the grill. The cook kinda dodged out of the way of the pic, gave me a strange look and said "Where are you from sweetie?" I said "From Maryland, why what's up?" Again he looks at me side-eye and another worker yells out "WE DON'T LIKE PICTURES UP IN HERE!" Now y'all Yelpers know me right?! So, I looked at him and said oh really!? Well, where is the sign for that? Where is the sign that says no pics?! I'm like y'all have 50 gazillion other signs in here that scream "NO TIPS" "NO TIPPING" BUT YET AND STILL I CLEARLY SEE YOU EXCEPTING TIPS FROM CUSTOMERS?!!? And I'm not even going to get started on the other pics that are already on Yelp AND the few Youtube videos I came across of people recording getting there food made! Who does that? LOL Oh ok, clearly that's how they roll here. I have no problem with respecting how they feel about pictures being taken. What I do have a problem with is that you clearly know this a tourist attraction mainly due to you allowing them to film part of a movie here and you have all these no tipping signs...MAKE A SIGN OR TWO THAT SAYS "NO PICTURES ALLOWED!" or even "NO LOITERING" for all of your "friendly" people that linger around your spot. I mean geesh, signs are not super expensive to order and install! SMH! This bothered me BUT I remained optimistic for good food and chalked it up to where I was...
So, I decided to just sip my tea, wait patiently on this steak and cheese and hope and pray it's not as dry as the steak was looking on the grill cause it look like it was being overcooked. There were 3 people in front of me waiting for there food...it literally took about about 30 minutes for my order to be ready! For the life of me I can't understand what takes so long...the steak is basically already cooked. All you are doing is melting cheese, adding toppings, cut, wrap and out you go. I would understand the wait more if the food was being prepared as order but it is not.
Last but not least; 2 sandwiches came up to almost $20.  Gave the cashier the $20, she gave a nice smile with that same look she gave the other customers that were tipping IN SPITE OF THE "NO TIPPING" SIGN! I left a tip in spite of what had happened SMH I sssooo wanted to say "Can I get pic of that?!?" just for the hell of it?! LMAO! 
My sandwich was good but the meat was too overcooked for me. It was seasoned very well but just way too overcooked. North Philly is a little out of the way from where I usually go and unfortunately nothing about this sandwich made me want to drive all the way back here...I haven't had a Max's cheesesteak in years so i was looking forward to it. The steak was mediocre, not much taste. I think the problem is the salt and pepper need to be added while it's cooking. And then there was a little too much grease (is there such a thing?). I might go back in the future...maybe.A month ago..I had the BEST cheesesteaks of my life. I ate cheesesteaks before at Pat's, Geno's and even Jim's on South Street BUT NOTHING compared to the Thick,mouthwatering,delicious cheesesteaks I had visiting max.It was very busy n line out the door,but that cheesesteaks with this sauce dude put on it MADE me order another one for later that night. Its in an urban area on a small side street on the corner with metered parking.Go to MAX'S for ALL your cheesesteaks needs.Does this picture look like I'm lying lol.There really isn't much I can say other than Max's is the BEST! 
I'm from the DC area and drove to Philly for a quick day trip and Max's was definitely on the to-do list. I've been here once before and at first you are a little leery about the area but once inside, you know this is the place you want to be.  This visit we went to Max's and had a cheese steak and grabbed a booth in the bar and enjoyed music and strong drinks at a great price. The servers and bartenders were awesome and kept us happy!! We went by the next morning  to take a sandwich back home with us and ended up, relaxing again and sharing a hoagie and a cheese steak. The experience at Max's is one of a kind and one you will never forget.  
I totally recommend Max's to anyone that wants an authentic cheese steak.You can't beat Maxx's. I've been to a number of the "tourist" steak joints as well as the loval ones and Maxx's is still my favorite. Every friend that visits philly gets a giant on me an they're hooked. You won't find a better spot for cheesesteaks and you might be able to grab a few "unofficial" movies and scented oils while you're there!WhenI come visit from Atlanta Max's is my first stop .... this cheesesteak is cooked to perfection and all I can say is yes.... yes... yesLooooooooooved this cheese steak!!!!! Cook is very funny thought a bit slow in the cooking. Its a hood place so something different from the norm... make sure you go there!!! Took some back to Texas!!!!Max's was very good! I would definitely go again. My only complaint is that I had to wait in line for over an hour to just place my order. Besides that I give it a thumbs up!Had a cheesesteak and a chicken cheesesteak split them with my friend. Both were really good.  The grill guy was so friendly. I didn't think I would eat all of my food and i did. It's connected to a bar. Mad that we went early and i didn't want to drink yet. Would i go back hell yeah. Do i love it more than ishkabibbles? No but it was good.Very happy with our choice today. I like their juicy sirloin steak with sautéed onions and not overloaded with cheese. My half also came with jalapeño peppers - just enough to hit my tastebuds! Place is not centrally located, in North Philly. We went on a snowy and cold day and there was no line around 12:15pm! Thumb up!The food isn't the same anymore. They give less than before. The steak is still good it just isn't worth the same price as before if they not giving the same amount of meat. The staff is nice when I come in the restaurant. I don't fault them for the lack of food. Its so sad I use to feed 4 people off 1 cheesesteak and til have a some left over for the next day. Now you can eat the whole thing by yourself. Its a great place for a steak or hoagie but don't think you going to get a huge steak or hoagie. But its cool I guess they had to cut down on the portions. cut down on the price would be nicer. lolSlamming!!!!! Are you a vegan?? Well I'm a meatin' hahahhahahha!!! A 2 foot sandwich, softest hoagie bread ever!!! Stopped by on my way home from atlantic city! As tired as I was from birthday partying, Max's made my weekend!!! Next time I've got a fix for cheesesteaks and men with beards, germantown ave will see me!!!!Many moons ago we stopped here off a local's recommendation on a roadtrip to Philly then NYC.
Asked one of the people handing out tour buses passes "Look, I don't care where that pamphlet says I should eat - where do YOU think I should eat?" This is where he sent me that blessed saint of a tour guide. May have been an apparition? Not sure now.
Drove up from the Liberty Bell and all that and as we're walking into the place, what I believe was either a pimp or someone cos-playing a pimp walked out of a stretch cadillac, but one of them 80's ones that aren't too stretchy, and it felt like home.
Walked in and a guy who's govt name I can't remember now, but I do remember after I asked him what it was he opened his button-up to reveal a crimson S and goes "But you can call me Superman." This was years ago now - about 6 - but I've never forgotten that guy, those moments, and that incredible sandwich. Lotta meat, fresh bread, wrapped up right and the fries were decent too.
Sandwiches are my favorite food group. This thing was gigantic, fresh, and eating it in the bar attached was exactly how I wanted to eat this thing. Not the biggest fan of ketchup as a condiment (Chicago Style hot dog residuals I'm sure) but everything came together and I'm traveling back in February for exactly this. Never change Max's.Sketchy area. Sketchy patrons. Sketchy parking. Polite staff. Excellent cheesesteak. You can buy 40s for $3. And if you order a large sandwich, you're going to get a three foot sandwich.Very Good steaks. Sometimes the staff can be pretty rude and they're cash only so if you only use credit be prepared to find an ATM.. also be care of the drug addicts that roam the area and often come into Max's begging and pick pocketing.I'm not from Philly; I am a proud New Yorker, but I appreciate a great Cheesesteak. I was told this was a good place I should visit while in the city. The location was right on the corner, and very hard to miss. I walked in and the line was pretty long but the employees were hard at work-- they were friendly, would ask everyone how they wanted their sandwich, and whether you wanted a full or half. Go with the half, the full Philly is huge-- so if that is your choice, better pack a big appetite.
I've seen a few reviews who stated the area was sketchy, but that's fine for me. Typically, your best or most authentic meals will come from areas that are deemed "sketchy". This place seemed to be a favorite of comedian Kevin Hart, because I observed a few pictures of him on the outside. Also, an employee mentioned he was there frequently, and recently. 
Overall, this place was cool, it was different from all the other cheesesteak places I've visited thus far, yet I was still pleased.Great steak and cheese! Best I've had in philly yet! And there's a bar attached so you can get a shy while you wait. What more could you ask for?!? Couldn't figure out why Yelp said they closed at 7 pm. The guy working there said 1 am.Forget New York, these steaks are what dreams are made out of. You aint everyday hustlin' till you get some of this. (Btw, Rick Ross, aka Officer Ricky, is the police but he loves this place so we'll give him a free pass)
Back to Max's. Best steaks in Philly. Edges out Chink's. I saw the massive amounts of meat they were piling on as I waited for mine, so I expected that to be good. But two things surprised me:
1. The bread - most underrated part of a cheese steak. This is where places like Dalessando's gets crushed by Max's (Pat's and Geno's aren't even in the same city as the conversation... uh... figure of speech). I can't even describe the bread Max's uses - it fits the meat and just gets it done.
2. The spice - I asked for some peppers and hot sauce on mine and this was pretty legit hot sauce. It hit the spot on hot.
They do sorta take their sweet time making the steaks, but it is no doubt worth the wait. You can't rush art.
Now the real question is... if this is the best steak joint in Philly, is it the best in the world?Simply Delicious! I was in town on vacay and I could not leave until I tried a "real philly." I yelped places and Max never came up (shady). Something in me told me to contact a friend from Philly for a recommendation and sure enough it was not what yelp had at the top of the list. Per a local woman's recommendation I had the steak w/ sweet peppers, onions, provolone, ketchup, and light mayo and it was bomb!!! So much meat it could feed 3! I warmed up leftovers the next day and it was even better (not soggie)!!!Definitely a must have if I visit Philly again. P.S. from reviews it talked about being in the "hood" I was nervous b/c we were in a new place, but I also no the "hole in the walls" have THE best food. We went at 10pm there was a bar/club popping next door and no one got out if line. However, parking sucked it took like 15 min to find a park.Good price $8.25 for a foot long cheesesteak. Main downside is the long wait. Come at an off hour, like 4:30. You won't have to wait in line for 30+ min, and you may see some babies, which are as big as the cheesesteak. 
Speak loudly and clearly for the people taking your order. It will speed things up. 
Tell them:
Whiz or some other [inferior] cheese
onions or no
hot peppers or no
sweet peppers or no
pickles or no
Cash only. Have your dollar bills in hand. Don't be a turd.I'm trying to hit all the cheese steak places.  But this place makes the best so far.  So much fun going there.  Must eat place.  Meaning you must have a Max'sWe drove from NYC to this PA only for Philly Cheese Steaks on July 4th. We saw the great reviews on yelp so we decided to come here for its famous Cheese Steaks. We were a bit concerned when we first arrived because of the neighborhood. Not very safe neighborhood per say... Some beggars in the street and some loud street vendors... Just be careful and mindful with your belongings when you are around then it should be fine. Hence the saying from Spiderman: Great food comes with great sacrifices... 
The whole steaks are humongous. They are well prepared, not too dry and not too oily. They are tender as well. You can chose topings to go along with it: gree peppers, onions, mushrooms, pickles, ketchup, mayo, and salt and pepper. 
Greatly recommended to come for again but be mindful to have some precautions at mind.Food is 4 stars/Hospitality & Ambiance 2 stars
I wish the excellence of the food were reflected in the attitudes of the employees.  I've been to Max's 3 times now and the cheesesteaks I've had are the best in the city bar none.  But man oh man, do those employees hate their jobs. They don't greet you when you come in, they don't look you in the eye, it's like they're offended you decided to spend your money there.   Now that this place is getting the patronage they deserve due to Creed, Max needs to retrain them on hospitality to ensure repeat business. 
Also, I hate that on Sunday nights the line inside the store turns into a flea market with guys walking in selling their wares. I'm here to buy a cheesesteak not deodorant, mofos.I'm not adding a picture b/c there are way too many! But this is the only place in PHILLY TO GET A PHILLY CHEESESTEAK! I literally came here last night in the rain after getting my hair done to get a half cheese steak w/ mayo on the roll, fried onions, & SPK-----PURE HEAVEN.
Cash only, they have an ATM INSIDE. This was the only time there wasn't a line outside of the bar next door for a steak!
Born & Raised Philly, Patz aint it, Geno's (TRASH), Isikabibo's is ok, Pangano's is ok (way to much meat...pause :)).... Larry's horrible! 
Go to the bar and enjoy your steak with a nice strong drink! You can only get a strong drink in a neighborhood bar anyway downtown you'll drink water down rum for about $12 for a small cup!Definitely worth the trip from New York... the steak was juicy the bread was soft and the sandwich was huge and it was only the half portion.... it was definitely better than genos because the onions were grilled and the meat wasnt dry...OHH and I only had to wait about twenty min in line for my foodWent there last night, what an experience. Had to wait about an hour maybe hour and 15 minutes to order food. Had to travel back with my food so to get it home without it being soggy was great! (Ordered the whole Cheese Steak with lite onions and American cheese) btw. Flavor on smash and sorry for no pics, by only dislike is the gristle. Meat was clumpy in spots so that was a turn off for me.So......the last two times I've been to Philly, I had the strong desire to nourish my soul with the delightful delicacy of a fine Philadelphia cheese steak. The first time, August 7th 2012, I got a cheese steak from Paulie's Pizza at 31 S. 11th Street. Delicious pizza but I wasn't impressed by the cheese steak at all. Actually I was pretty darn disappointed. My ex used to take me to a spot called Gaetano's in Willingboro and Burlington, NJ and I loved their cheese steaks so I already had a standard. However Paulie let me down. So I moved on.............
The next time I visited, I attempted to check out Jim's on South Street. However, after waiting in long line out of the door for 20 minutes, I decided that since I had barely moved but 3-4 spots, I wasn't really missing out on anything and left, therefore, leaving me feeling empty and never really fulfilling my juicy cheesesteakish cravings.
Fast forward to July 2013...........so a few of my friends and myself were travelling to Philadelphia this weekend to celebrate my birthday and run the Color Run 5k in Fairmount Park on July 14th. We arrived Saturday evening around 7pm and stayed at the Embassy Suites near the airport. Prior that day, my cheese steak cravings resurfaced, leading me to an all out search for a great cheese steak spot in Philly. Thinking back a bit.......I recalled Kevin Hart going to a cheese steak spot in Philly and ranting about it on Laugh at My Pain. So I googled it. Presto! Max's Steaks. So I told my girlfriend yup.........this is where we're going. However, all of the other yelpers had forewarned about the sketchiness of the neighborhood and I was therefore cautioned ahead.........
So we arrived at the hotel around 7, departed around 8 (still light out) and took a 30 minute drive to Max's. Welp.......the neighborhood didn't disappoint. It was no less sketchy than other reviewers had previously mentioned. I don't believe it got any less sketchy or any more sketchy. Either way we parked my BMW 325 (yes I was slightly concerned) on the adjoining street about .15 miles away and walked up the street. Max's is pretty okay inside. Tight. Flavorful. We were there for about 20 minutes. But the line moves. There are some guys that sell incense and homegrown fragrances inside and outside of the store. Another guy came through the place selling pepper spray and stun guns. Police drove up and down the street every few minutes. Don't allow this to deter you though. None of this was malicious nor harmful. Oh.........and it's also adjoined to a bar literally next door. There is an entrance from inside Max's where a bouncer stands and you can take your cheese steak next door and eat while grabbing a drink and enjoying some of the latest urban tracks. I couldn't stop dancing in line I won't lie. However the 3 girls with me were a bit more uptight. Understandable. Either way, we got our cheese steaks. Oh, and you can buy beer in Max's which is awesome. We didn't buy any but I think that is definitely pretty cool. That said......we finally got our steaks and ditched the joint. When we got outside it was a bit dark but dark as in 9pm during the summer on the East Coast so not pitch black but dark enough to start getting sketchy. Either way we encountered no issues and left with our lives and fresh 'Hoagies' intact. 
We got back to the hotel. I ordered my cheese steak ($13.50) with cheese, onions, hot peppers, mushrooms and a ton of ketchup. It was delicious. I ate literally 3/4 of the foot long sandwich. My 3 friends, two murdered their sandwiches and my girlfriend was able to clobber about 3/4 of the half foot sub, bless her tiny little Brazilian soul. We all agreed that although we were savagely hungry, the cheeesesteaks were definitely top notch and worth the trip. Perhaps next time earlier would be better but still worth it. I'd recommend it without hesitation. Just make sure to go early. You won't regret it. If not, just continue to frequent the more commercialized and probably not as good spots on south street and elsewhere and leave something to be desired.Corner of Broad & Erie right in the "Hood". The benchmark for CheeseSteak Sandwiches! Only locals, no tourists around here. Juicy, messy delicious the true taste of Philly! Once you've done this head to the Clock Bar right around the corner for Crab!OMG this place is so good. I'm from Texas and I came to Philly so I had to experience the Philly cheesesteaks. Best experience ever!!!An 1hr in line waiting for the best cheesesteak Eva! order #1 lol!! thanx my people for the best arm licking food in north Philadelphia and cheep Shea butter lol!!!This is the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. Maybe anywhere, but the Phil's Tavern in nearby Ambler.
I had to pickup furniture I bought from Craigslist in North Philly so I checked Yelp for best Philly cheesesteaks and Max's fit the bill and was 5 minutes from the furniture pickup.
However there are a few caveats....
1. SLOW. Be prepared to wait. A girl about 12 people in front of me - line wraps around - was bitching to me because she claimed to be waiting an hour. I looked at the 12 in front of me and thought - NO WAY. When I got in the car my wife said, "It took you an hour" and she was right.
1A. SHIFT CHANGE. In the middle of my hour wait there was a shift change at 6:10pm. New guy had to clean the grill and start from scratch.
2. PARKING. I saw nowhere to park so I pulled up at the fire hydrant in front and told my wife and son to wait, I'd run in and get the sandwiches. Who knew it would be an hour!!!
3. LOCALE. Not the best neighborhood, but in the daytime no problem.
WAS IT WORTH THE WAIT? 
You bet. Even tho my wife was cranky from waiting in the car for an hour, we ate the food on the 1.5 hour drive back to York, PA. My 10 yr old son proclaimed it "Awesome, the best steak sandwich he ever had". As I said I agree.
It was worth the wait...this time. Wish I knew when it was a better time to go. The guy behind me said it all depends when you get there how long the wait is. Some days he said no wait at all.
RECOMMEND.Best cheesesteaks in philly! Their food is worth the trip to philly! Get you a beer and a philly w provolone onions and hot peppers! Music at the bar is good. Lines are long but every bite is worth the wait ! Never getting a cheesesteak anywhere else in Philly !Max's... it's a restaurant and dive bar in the hood, it's a bit rough around the edges but I like to think it has character. 
 I had a number 6 with jalapeños and onions, it was one of the best cheese steaks I've ever had. I highly recommend this joint. Just be ware to lock your car up cause it's in a seemingly tough neighborhood.Easily my favorite cheese steak/ late night spot. Better than all the supposedly famous spots (Pat's, Geno's, Jims) without the frills and the side orders of racism. I personally like my cheesesteak sans prejudice. But whatever floats your boat. The staff here is pretty friendly. They like to joke around a lot with you. And a couple of the cooks are even cute! ***Warning This spot is always live though because its attached to a bar. And there might be a few suspect characters outside. But through Max's doors waits cheesesteak heaven. Its so sinfully delightful do not expect to only eat half. I eat the WHOLE thing every time. And after you've had one you won't be able to judge me.Wow! This cheesesteak was DELICIOUS! The line speaks for itself. I'm from Brooklyn and went to Philly for the weekend- couldn't leave without a cheesesteak...I actually had 3 different ones and Max's was the best. The steak was so tasty! I can't believe I waited over an hour, I should've gotten 2 because I really worked up my appetite. The surrounding area is a little sketchy. A guy tried selling us DVDs, someone was selling some sort of juice from a cooler outside, another was selling sneakers. Next door is a bar where you can sit. I'm a big cheese girl so I should've asked for extra cheese but regardless I inhaled the cheesesteak. I would've given 5 stars if it was in a better area and the wait wasn't as long. Looks like they will need to expand their business because it's pretty hot! Be prepared to wait on line if you want a cheesesteak!Definitely one of my favorite places in the city. You get a huge cheese steak for an average price for cheese steaks and they're very tasty.  If you're willing to travel to a slightly sketchy area, it'll be worth your trip.It's always about the Philly Cheesesteak. Everyone has an opinion of what is the best and if you tried the oft recommended you probably came away disappointed (if not afraid to voice this opinion). Prior to eating Max's I hadn't had a Cheesesteak in two years  this streak wasn't a protest, it wasn't because I was eating healthy it's just that I didn't feel inclined.
After seeing a concert with my cousin we had time to still hang out and he wanted to eat. Not anywhere something different. Something good. So thanks to smart phones, and directions we found our way to Max's based off of a recommendation his friend made.
I'm sure the location and appearance might scare some people off but we had no problems (and this was at 12 am). The people were very accomodating a woman offered to sell some homemade ice tea, while a guy inside offered to show us the quality of his bootlegged X-Men First Class movie on his portable DVD player. Some might call this a problem, but I called it ambiance. Upon seeing us walk in the guys preparing the food knew that we weren't built for that full size Max cheese steak life so he offered half.
I got mayo with whiz and hot peppers and onions.  I've had good cheesesteaks before where you just remark how good it was, but this? This? This cheesesteak right here was so good that I regretted not having bought the whole because I wanted more the next morning. I also fell into an itis induced nap right after finishing. All in all I can say with utter confidence that this was the best cheesesteak I have had in my life, and I will be back.Not a fan of cheesesteak but this cheesesteak was Gooood! It's in the hood and the line is out the door,the steak was tender the bread  was soft
I will be going backVisited on a sat afternoon and after the movie Creed I knew there would be a long line. The line wrapped around to the second door and we were in line for about an hour.  The good thing about the line is that if it is your first time it gives you time to see how to order and it gives u time to review the menu. The Philly cheesesteaks were amazing! I definitely see what all the hype is about. We were able to sit in the bar area in a booth. 2 16inch Philly cheesesteaks and three drinks ran us $42.Chilling' out, maxing', relaxing' all cool
You remember that statement... (don't judge a book by its cover) well... don't. Is this place in a not soooo good area, Yes.. stop crying, it's Philly baby!! 
For about $8 bucks you get 12 inches, that's what she said... if you can handle it, grab 24 inches for $16. This spot is attached to a bar, after getting your steak, bring your food over and slam down some beers in a surprisingly friendly atmosphere. 
To the right, on the corner is where you place your order, I did wait about 30 minutes from ordering to check-out, which is fine... because you will have plenty of time to yell, scream and banter about sports with everyone in line, and with the guys making the food right in front of you. The older gentleman on the grill is a Cowboys fan... FYI.. such BS. 
Sandwiches are large and in charge, american cheese and onions mixed into the meat, it's better than what it looks like when its cooking, trust me. 
Delicious rolls. Flavorful meat. 
(CASH ONLY!!!) bar and food.I'm writing this review nearly 3 years after eating here.  It was that good -- I've never forgotten.  I'm an out-of-towner, was in for work.  A local maintenance tech at the plant I was visiting (Keith -- I've forever be in your debt, wherever you are) told me this was HIS favorite place, but warned me to only go on the off-nights (not Fri/Sat).  Well, it was Friday night, and we were hungry, so we went.
It's a gritty place, but don't be frightened - everyone was nice, 'cept maybe for the bouncer that frisked me at the bar.  The carnival barker taking the orders was a site to behold.  We ordered our steaks, wondered  where we were gonna eat them, got shuffled to the back and then got invited into the scary looking bar.  After getting frisked we were shown to a table and the steaks showed up soon after.  The cheesesteak was terrific.  HUGE and velvety.  Until someone shows me otherwise, this will remain the definition of cheesesteak for me.My husband decided to get some famous hogging from Max's in Germantown.  I sat at the bar while he waited in line, yes line for a hoagie.  This place must have good sandwiches because I have never seen a place in which you wait for a sandwich. While waiting, I met some nice people. If back in Philly,  I will come again. Oh yea, the drink was the bomb.Best cheesesteak in Philly. Blows the doors off of the tourist genos and pats steaks and it's bigger AND it's cheaper haha. Still not as good as Gaetano's in Jersey thoughMax's continued to deliver the best sandwiches in Pa I was there a week ago , I spent over 100 $ on steak and cheese  and the Italian cold cut I will always be willing to drive a hundred miles for their subs!!!!!!!!This place is the truth!!! Came from Brooklyn just to get one of these cheesesteaks and I was not disappointed. It was well worth the wait. Waited at the bar drinking my strong long island iced tea helped. Will be making that trip again real soon (I should have gotten a couple to bring back with me, smh)A "whole" is 2 feet long, and worth every penny! Got a classic cheesesteak and really enjoyed it. The line and wait is crazy but it was worth it.Cheesesteak was OK but not the best I've had. The meat could have been seasoned better but ketchup did wonders. The portion was generous though. Customer service and wait time could definitely use improvement. I may return in the future but cheesesteak places are a dime a dozen in Philly. We'll see.I really enjoyed this sandwich!  The seasoned meat, fried and raw onions, hot sauce, and size.  The whole is enough for 2 and only $20.  The portion of meat is enormous.  All around a good reason for me to come back to Philly and try another place so that I can compare.Congratulations! You found it! The holy Grail of cheeseteaks. No need to discontinue your cheese steak quest tho. It's about the journey not the destination.
Try hot peppers and fried onions chopped into the sirloin with provolone and mayo topped with a  traditional sprinkle of salt, pepper, and ketchup.This is easy to sum up, the cheese steaks are AWESOME, without a doubt they have to be one of the best in the city! Don't waste your money going to Pat's or Jims or whatever come here, but be aware, it is the hood and if you're not familiar with the "hood" make sure you have a local with you.
The service is shitty at best but hey, you can'thave it all!Just read online review which had Jim's Steaks on South as #1. Sorry but can't let that stand without voicing foodie opinion. Max's Steaks on Germantown is by far the best cheese steak I've tried in Philly.  I live in south 5 blocks from Pat's and Geno's, I still travel 20 minutes up broad to grab Max's. My favorite order: Chicken cheese steak with mayo, ketchup, hot and sweet peppers cooked in...o yea American cheese no doubt!!!Found this place cuz I had to pick up a friend late night at Philadelphia airport. This was the only one open that also made chicken . Have been going there since . AMAZING! Lines are slow n sometimes it takes long but it's soooo worth it. Drive bout an hour every month or so late night just for this and it's totally worth it!! The area is kinda hood so maybe go in the day time? but we haven't had any issues n we usually make it there around 2 am. Oh n all my friends get steak n say it's even better than the chicken!When i visit philly 
After king or prussia mall
I have to drive to max's for a chicken cheesesteak
Its the best best best, being that im.from.DC
It make our steak n cheese taste and look like garbage compared to abteal cheesesteak...please if you are in Philly just try it, its in the hood, but hey.i was raised in the hood but its worth the taste and they experienceI was in Philly marching on the DNC when I found this absolute charm of a place. It was packed and I mean packed. There was a line from the door inside and a loop. It was similar setup to a subway where you order and then they make the food right in front of you. They had separate order stations for hot and cold and somehow, as crowded as they were they knew everyone and their order too. I was a bit shocked at the price of over 20 for 2 half sandwiches until hey handed me the bag. It must have weighed 3 pounds. So much that I took half of the cheesesteak out of half and still couldn't finish 1/4. The chef Rob was a kind man who sits in the heat of that grill that never stops and makes the best cheesesteak I've ever had!! They are attached to a bar that was hopping at dinner time with people dancing for the beautiful girls waiting in line to eat. I sat in the air conditioned bar and enjoyed the first part of three meals!! I highly recommend this place to anyone not in a hurry and I will personally return each and every time I am in Philly!I've lived in the philly area for over 10 years and finally made it to Max's with high expectations. The bread was a fresh amorosa roll and u need to order half or whole. Half is quite large and whole is like the lenth of ur arm. For 8.75 it was a good deal. Quality steak with provolone and oniona is how I get mine. Overall one of the better Philly cheesesteak places.The truth when it comes to an authentic Philly cheesesteak!! Forget what you heard about the tourist spots to get a philly cheesesteak. You have to go into the neighbor"hood".  It's the real thing.Amazing cheese steaks!!! Every bite was delicious. The ambiance was exactly what I anticipated... it was a hole in the wall that a tourist wouldn't know about. The server was kind and explained all of our options. Sandwiches were served on paper plates and with plastic forks but one doesn't really need them since you're not putting that bad boy down till it's gone.I give this place a 5 star rating even though I always wait a long time to get my cheesesteak. It's worth the wait. I live in Jersey and when i get home it is stil fresh and warm. Delicious.Great steaks but in the worst area... 
The people aren't that friendly but the food is goodThis place was SOOO good!  I've always wanted to try an authentic steak and cheese...boy did I get it!  SOOO freaking good! This steak and cheese is the "bees knees and the cat's pajamas"! Darn I will NEVER look at another or taste a steak and cheese the same way again because, I know what I've had in the past does not even compare!  Wow! Good stuff!  You have to try this place!  It's always a good sign that the food is good if there is a constant line out of the front door!Area is a little rough. But Totally worth going. The meal was so juicy. Best cheesesteak sand which ever. Delicious!!!Yessss gawd! This jawn is perfection. Nestled right on the corner off of Broad street lies the best cheesesteaks in the city. So the bread is typically very soft and fresh; the meat is overflowing; and the flavor is on point. There's typically a little wait, so it may be best to call ahead if you're in a rush. And if you want some shrimp head next door-delicious.Agreed, BEST cheesesteak in philadelphia. I need not say more.Drove from Long Island NY to Philly for this cheese steak because my friends recommended this place instead of going to Genos by Liberty bell. First impression we got there was un-attractiveness of the area (never judge a book by its cover). We parked and stood in line for about 10 - 15 minutes before getting our number. Waited another 10-15 before getting our food. My friend and I didnt want to drink and drive back so we both ate in the car. HOLY goodness was the sandwich delicious and the portion was HUGE !!!!!!!! (I had the Pizza steak and my friend had the philly cheese. Also went back on the line to bring back some for friends......The drive from Long island to Philly was about 2.5 hours. Definitely worth the drive ! We plan on riding our motorcycles back when spring hits. BEST PHILLY CHEESE STEAK EVER.... !!!!Very very good cheesesteak. I went here recently for lunch for the first time and I was very pleased with the flavor of the cheesesteak and amount of meat you get in your sandwich.
I would give it 5 stars, but had to subtract one for my interaction with the man who prepared my sandwich who gave me a hard time the whole time he was preparing my meal. Based on his comments and questions, he had a problem with my lunch mate being white, while I am black, and my having grown up in the suburbs of Philly. It was a very bizarre customer service experience. 
The food was good enough that I would go back, but I was definitely put off a bit.I've been going to Max's since the early-2000s, they make great sandwiches and the ingredients are always fresh, so why three stars? 
-1 star: Customers can't call ahead. This is problematic because I've been here times when the line is out the door and around the corner on Erie Av. I guess they think that customers will call to place orders that they won't pick up. Oh well. That's one of the risks of running a business. Their phone is always busy too. They don't have call waiting (probably to cut costs and deter customers from calling); however, I got through once and asked if I could place an order, this was followed by a short pause and "you have to come in babe", from the woman who answered the phone. Then she banged on me. That wasn't very pleasant, but it's the hood so I've come to not expect much here. Besides, other restaurants accept orders over the phone and if the customer doesn't pick it up, they give it to their employees to take home at the end of the night. They're in the hood so I know they don't do that. Then they have a sign plastered in the window that says "now with faster service". Bullshit! That line is as long as it was before the sign as it is with it. I fuxx with them, but this just comes off cheap and scammy. Stop being cheap and scammy, Max's!
-1 star: They run out of chicken regularly, so if you want chicken, you must go there on a Thursday, at 11:20 a.m., in late January.
Max's needs to accept orders over the phone and keep chicken in stock. This place had mad hype way before Creed just off of the strength that it's North Philly's Geno's. Overall I enjoy Max's and I will be back, but I know what it's hitting for, and as long as you do too you'll have a pleasant experience.OK - lived all my life in Philly area - sometimes in the city mostly in the suburbs. If you want real PHILADELPHIA and the nicest people in the world  and the GREATEST cheesesteak hands down as well as a 9 out of 10 hoagie. Go to Max's do not pass go just go. Eagle bar which is in the same building ROCKS, you are welcome even if you are a spotted leopard Irishman. The special Drink is just for first timers get it if you are not driving. I think the corner of Germantown AVE ,Broad and Eire Ave is the most Alive corner in Philadelphia. Max's is REAL PHILADELPHIA.This is the best chicken Philly place in town. The bread and chicken is beyond delicious. The Philly was affordable and the people were amazing. You must venue off the tourist path to experience this gem.I came here because EVERYONE from Philly said this place was the place to go for a good Philly cheesesteak. I beg to differ! Let me preface by saying if you are not fond of the hood then this place isn't for you so you can stop reading now. If you're adventurous like me then keep reading. We ended up having to sit at the bar next door (Eagles) because the line was long at Max's ($5 entry on Saturday nights). The waitress was nice but I didn't know if she worked there or was just one of the patrons because she was dressed like she was there to party. Back to the food...I am not a fan of ketchup on my Philly cheesesteak so when our sandwich came the first time REEKING of ketchup I was livid. Mainly because it took so long to come. I asked the girl initially that I wanted extra cheese and the sandwich didn't have the extra cheese I asked but a crap load of ketchup . We told her the order was incorrect and she had a slight attitude and I told her that we asked for extra cheese and she replies "that'll be extra money!" I'm thinking "Ok!" Then she says $1-$2 extra. Totally seemed like she made that price up but at this time I just gave her the money so I could get my food. As soon as our food came we left and went back to our hotel. If you're hungry then this place is for you. The sandwich is massive! If you like cheese sauce on your steak then I'm going to warn you that this place cheese sauce taste like the cheap cheese sauce they used to put on my cheese fries in high school. I wasn't thrilled. Again...if you don't like the hood then don't go. If you're looking for a late night place to eat a Philly where they give you ALOT of food then Max's is for you! #KariSentYouCheesesteak was superb...coming from a picky eater and a person who judges a book (restaurant) by its cover at times. If you're in the philly area and want to try "the best sandwich" you may have ever had point blank period, this is your place.This was my first time here as a recommendation from my friend who lived in Philly for a number of years. They claimed that the amount of meat you get is worth going to Max's instead and opt out of the hot touristy spots not to be mentioned. Anyways the area is somewhat sketchy but I felt safe as I not one to be scurred in traveling situations just be aware. 
So it was a Saturday in June around 6pmish. So with he wait alone I would soooo give this place like 2 stars but it was quite an experience anyways. One side of Max's is a bar area with booths to sit and eat in. Not sure if the bar area serves food or not. Nice ambiance, music pumpin,  everyone seemed to be enjoying theirselves, bartenders smiling, and good conversations. This place really tested my patience for example if Philly was my hometown or I wasn't on a quick trip I would have quickly left out. Our grand total time was almost an hour long! Omg I was dying and it was hot as hell with the only air circulating was thru one lonely door. 
I let my friend order my food in the true Philly cheesesteak sense. Meaning hold the lettuce, tomato, mayo and provolone. By the way they do have those items if you want them on your sammich. I was shocked initially but wanted the true experience, so, the norm was meat onions cheese whiz and ketchup. This was by far the simplest cheesesteak ever! It wasn't anything spexial as far as flavor to me, reminded me of steak-umms meat to be honest. My take is the cheesesteak gets my love because of the large mounds of meat that you get. We ended up getting the giant sub which is $16.50. That sounds outrageous at first but the sub roll is like 20 inches plus long and packed to your liking. It could easily feed 2 to 4 adults depending on your gluttony. Check out my pics for reference.It's a small place but well worth standing in that line. Wish the line moved faster but you can't rush perfection. Their half is 12 inches of pure crack. After my first bite I was hooked. Perfectly cooked meat mixed with veggie and 2 different cheese. I will advice anyone that travels to Philly to hit up this spot. 
The best time I hit Philly, I will be back waiting for this delightful cheese steak.Not including tax or tip but if I had $20 and had to decide how to best use it besides making it rain at (insert any strip club name here), I would go to Max's Steaks and order a whole cheesesteak with onions, mayo and whiz. 
All this food.
Every. Bite. Amazing.
Go there before it gets too hot. Go around 7/8pm. Sit outside or Get drunk off something at the bar because they have a lot to choose from.
Most likely, you'll thank me later. Oh, my first time in Philly!I was in the area of Philadelphia (heading up I-95 back to NY) and figured that I had to make a stop to finally try a real cheesesteak from Philly. I looked up YELP and decided on Max's Steaks based on previous reviews. I pulled up to find the placed sandwiched in a rough part of town and especially wearing my Mets, Giants, and Knicks gear I was ready for some abuse.
I walked in and the place was super tight but the gentleman behind the counter was ready for business and knew what he was doing. His female counterpart seemed new and timid. He had a bunch of loaves ready for those steaks and he kept the line moving while memorizing everyone's order impressively. There was tons of steaks and onions cooking away on the grill while he pounded away at them forcing them to cook it seems. And here comes the abuse........at least we were Mets fans because he said if we were Yankee fans we would be out of luck!!! He happened to be a Celtics and Cowboys fan.....YUUUCK! At least that was the only yuck here, the steak sandwiches were packed with steak and onions. The lettuce was good but would have preferred the tomato cut thinner and more visual options in terms of fixings. The Mayo was a bit much but not excessive and wish there was more of a cheesy-ness to the sandwich, I envisioned a trail of cheese following some of the bites that I never got. The sheer size of the sandwich was amazing (the whole loaf I think) and seemed worth if for $15 bucks. I was very happy with the sandwich and it packed good flavor.
I would have gave the place 5 stars if there were more toppings or at least in view to know they were options. I would have really enjoyed a place to sit. Overall, it was a great experience and if I'm ever in the area I will certainly be back for another steak fix!! I finally had a Philly cheesesteak from Philly......LETS GO METS!!!This is the best cheese steak in philly!  Awesome experience all the way around.  This place is in the hood, but that really kinda made everything special.So worth the wait totally impressed we had whole philly cheese with everything it was a full French bread loafOrdered the a cheesesteak for $14.50.  A little confusing when you walk in as the cook is doing double duty.  Cooking and at the same time taking orders and finishing up with those that previously ordered.  
You first pick the steak of your pleasure which comes with a standard slap of mayo and a layer of white American cheese.
Once your steak is ready, you can add what ever toppings you desire, from sweet peppers to cheese whiz.
We completed our steak with half cheese whiz and half provolone. 
We ate at John's Roast Pork a couple days prior, and I have to say Max's steaks were more pleasurable.  Not for the faint of heart, but if you are looking for a great steak and not worried about the possibility of getting car jacked, Max's is the place for you.
Next time in Philly I would probably try another joint, but will always remember the steak at Max'sI've lived in Philadelphia for over 20 years and can easily say that this is the best cheesesteak my city has to offer. 
Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, Rick's, Delassandro's, John's, Steve's, Chink's, Tony Luke's, Ishkabibble's, Leo's, et al. all deliver top-notch product, but none can match the quality of Max's.
This is the only spot where the chicken cheesesteak is as good as the beef, and food aside, the journey to Nicetown alone will give you a REAL taste of Philly. HehehBest Cheese Steak in Philly! Very juicy and flavorful. I would definitely recommend it to everyone.Great cheese steak! Horrible customer service. One worker had an attitude because he was at work. Another worker had an attitude when I asked to add mushrooms. And the other workers stood around chatting with each other. The line was down the block and over 90° outside. Horrible customer service!They have an ok cheesesteak, but it lacks the luster of a Chubbys or Dallesandro's cheesesteak.Best cheese steak I ever had. Worth the drive from NY. It's in the hood but for god food..... Who cares?Just visited Philly for the first time, and I was inspired to go to Max's for a REAL Philly Cheesesteak. I was there from San Francisco with my family and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves "to the max!" Great food, great prices, big portions -- bring your appetite with you! Shout out to LaMont for hooking us up with the grub. We ate at the Eagles Bar right next door and had a banging time listening to TSOP -- The Sound Of Philadelphia -- O'Jays, Teddy Pendergrass! Next time you're in Philly, you owe it to yourself to get by Max's and have yourself a great steak sandwich. I'm sure glad I did!!After nearly three hours of driving to explore the City of Brotherly Love and take the Rocky Tour on July 4th, which was impeded by roadblocks and other festivities. So we went on to Plan B, which was to grab an authentic Philly cheesesteak from this eatery, which was featured in Creed (the Rocky spin-off). As a New Yorker, I am not familiar with the required ingredients of such a popular delicacy. Therefore, I'll be honest enough to say I wish I had some guidance from the server and leave it at that. The sandwich was huge, enough for two. I can appreciate the chef who was hard at work, keeping pace with the orders. Based on the growing line outside of its doors, Max's is a community fave. I will, however, say that the dining area in the adjacent bar was filthy. The bathroom was disgusting. I would have hoped that their 15 minutes of fame would have prompted management to improve the cleanliness of the space for tourists who might be inspired to walk-in. I mean is regularly wiping down the tables in the booths or stocking the restroom with soap in a dispenser not a cup alongside paper towels/hand dryer too much.Max's Steaks is another high-quality restaurant/bar for Philadelphia cheesesteaks, but I send tourist there with caution. How bad do you want the best cheesesteak... it's in Norf Philly! RESPECTBest cheesesteak!! Forget about all the hype you hear about those "spots" in south philly, Which are for straight bitches that are too afraid of the hood.Wayyy better than Pats. Its about 15 minutes from Pats and Genos and worth the drive. Soft bread, melted cheese, grilled onions, flavorful steak and it's huge. Best cheesesteak on Philly!! We drove from NY...Max's didnt disappoint. 
People have mentioned a long line...we went in the afternoon and the line was shortWait was 1.5 hours for maybe 20 ppl in front of me. The steak was on point though. Just be prepared to wait. In top 3 of my fav Philly cheesesteaks behind Tony Lukes and Delasanndros. But it's #3.What a fun place! I came here for a quick lunch with some co-workers while we were in the area working on the project. Everyone working at Max's went totally above and beyond to make sure that we received great service. They told us about plenty of eating options nearby as soon as they found out that I'm a vegetarian and even offered to bring something over for me if I wanted. 
It was just really sweet to get such an amiable reception! We came back the next day and were again greeted by smiles and fabulous music. 
We sat in the adjoining bar area and I danced and sang along while my co-workers ate their meal. I have never felt so strongly before about a place where I didn't even really eat the food!One of if not the best cheese steak place in philly. Was also the scene in creed. If i am craving a cheese steak i always make sure to g to Max's to get a cheese steak. And so does everybody else from philly that i know.We tried this place after reading such great YELP reviews. Let me say, the cheesesteak is HUGE, so you WILL be full after finishing even the half sandwich. Got our with onions and cheese. Pretty good/average in my opinion. I thought it lacked any real seasoning. Also, there wasn't much of a line, but it took quite while to get our order. Staff was friendly anough and the not-so-great neighborhood that everyone seems concerned about wasn't an issue. Headed to Geno's after trying this place and , I must say....Geno's was MUCH tastier! Less meat and less filling, but seasonsed and tasty nonetheless.Worst customer service ever. Lots of loitering and beggars in the store. Management obviously doesn't find it to be a problem.This is hands down the BIGGEST and best steak in Philly. They don't skimp on quality or quantity of anything. I think the neighborhood looks worse than it is and if anything it gives the place character. The service is definitely slow for a cheesesteak place but whatever. The staff are friendly and its 100% worth the wait. As an added bonus they sell cheap 40s and the bar next door gives you some fresh beats to dance to while you're on line. Whiz and mushrooms FTW!I had Max's on my hit list, pre­Creed, and I'm upset I didn't go more than once before it was in the movie. Nothing wrong with a couple extra patrons, but this place was packed at 11am. (That's an unreasonable hour to be eating 24" of meat and cheese, by most standards.)
For anyone going now because you saw Creed:
This place work a bit differently than your stereotypical steak place. For one thing, there's one line, not two windows like many other places (not a big deal, just wait in line). The other thing is that they ask you if you want mayo like every time (a bigger deal). Once you add mayo to a cheesesteak, it begins to enter the grey area of "cheesesteak hoagie". Then they ask you if you want other toppings. At this point, I'm ordering full­on cheesesteak hoagie ­­­ and there's nothing wrong with that.
So while it may not be a traditional (steak, cheese, onions only) place; it is damn delicious, reasonably priced, and definitely the best in north Philadelphia.Okay, I'm only rating it 4-stars because the location of this place terrifies me. Frankly, the entire city of Philadelphia terrifies me (outside of Center City).
The steak is HUGE! It's about $15, but it's enough to feed two, in my opinion.  I shared with my girlfriend and could barely finish my half.
We ate in the adjoined bar and ordered frozen drinks (Smooth Bitch and a Pina Colada). They were tasty, but not strong enough to get you buzzed.  A homeless(?) man kept walking in and out. I don't like people staring in my face or at my food/plate, so it was kind of annoying.
Be prepared for loud talking, cussing and racially insensitive words to be spewn about. OR, better yet... call ahead, bring a friend, and keep the car running while one of you runs in to pick it up!I made a special trip to Philly from Chicago just to have a cheesesteak from here!! The best cheesesteak on earth! ! 
Prepared right before you, which adds to the experience. Be prepared to wait because there was a line both times I visited.  Sooo good that I brought one home!!! See ya next time!Best cheesesteak in Philly. I have been here for about 7 months and have tried about 5 of the "famous" cheesesteak places that pop up on every list. I left those places mad and out of 10 bucks. Max's is consistent and I travel across town for the cheesesteaks. I love them but their venue can be a little intimidating if you're used to a Center City and Old City kind of vibe. Get over it, get it line, and order your cheesesteak. Good people and good food here!We flew in from Dallas and our first stop was Max's steaks at the recommendation of our Uber driver. Having run a family Pizza & Sandwich shop in Paoli in the 70's I am very critical of Philly Cheesesteaks. I am a believer in Max's after ordering a "whole" mushroom cheesesteak with onions and peppers to split with my wife. Let me tell you we could only finish a quarter each it was enormous and a fabulous treat to start our trip. I can't wait to try their hoagies.My go-to cheesesteak spot in Philly. Bring cash and be prepared to wait in line.Staff was extremely rude! Waited about 30 mins and the Cheese streak wasn't the best my bread was beyond soggy and the cheesteak was cold!Best steaks in the city.  Also, the seafood portion next door is good too.  Just remember that a bar is attached to the property as well.  Enjoy!They need to get back to making the customer feel welcomed. Ppl don't want to order food from someone who clearly doesn't value the poll that bring them businessI'm not from Philly but my boyfriend is. He first brought me to Gino's (which is usually Everyone's favorite) . I didn't like anything about Gino's. This place is soooooo amazing . I'm definitely getting another before I leave . It's welll seasoned, flavorful , not too thick on the steak , juicy soft bread . The texture , balance, and flavors all there .This place is solid.
I'm not ready to call it the "best" cheesesteak in Philly, but it's up there.
So, I went here based on Yelp reviews. Many of the reviews I read mention the neighborhood being bad. Bah. I'll admit, it's not the most eye-pleasing neighborhood, but I wouldn't classify it as being "bad".
We are two little white people from the suburbs, and we were fine.
It was expected that we would come across some fine Muslim men peddling scented oils, and such. We did. These men only added to the ambiance, as one offered me a free sample "sniff". I felt like a VIP.
The guy on the grill is fantastic. He was busy, had a great memory, and still remained friendly. There was a bunch of people "working" behind the counter, but this guy was doing 95% of the work.
So yeah, we got a cheesesteak. My normal order is extra whiz, with. This place seems to like to put mayo and American cheese on everything. Mayo? Wtf. I thought, when in Rome... So my order was light mayo, American, whiz, and fried onions.
Yes, it's a big, glorious steak. The roll was fresh and soft. The meat was cooked perfectly, and moist. I think the mayo threw me off a little, I wasn't really feeling that part. Not anything to take a star away though.
Go here. It's a great steak at a great price. They load that thing up with deliciousness. Don't be turned off by the neighborhood. It's not that bad.
On a side note, this thing reheated perfectly. I had a little less than a half leftover. The next day I threw it in the microwave for about a minute. It then went into the oven set at 375 for another 10 minutes. It added some crunchiness to the roll which was just perfect.Max's was recommended to me by some native Philadelphia-ers (I'm from NYC). AND I LOVED IT!!! It was a better cheesesteak than Pat's (I don't do Geno's). To top it off, the customer service was great. I ordered 9 halves for a staff lunch and not one thing was incorrect. The lady even offered to me to order 4 wholes and 1 half since I'd save money! That definitely showed me, it's about customer satisfaction. I went with the 9 halves anyway because everyone wanted something totally different. I've been in the mood to pick up another cheesesteak from here since Thursday.Best damn cheesesteak in Philly!
I've been to Pat's and I've been to Gino's. Hell I even tried to go to Garce's Trading Post, but was evidently too late to try "the best" cheesesteak in Philly since it's only on the lunch menu. Well screw that black-tie white-collar joint. If you want an actual top notch cheesesteak, and to be around real people, then go to Max's. 
Apart from their exceptional food there's also a bar in the back with seating if you want to eat there. The bartenders are quick to serve and don't have attitudes like other places I've been too. 
Some of you might be thinking "but wait isn't this in North Philadelphia? What if I get shot?" To which I say if you're so scared to go to Germantown to experience good food then it's probably not gluten free or "organic" enough for you to even bother. As for you real food lovers out there just walk in a zig-zag fashion if it's after night fall. You'll be fine!Holiday season...be prepared to wait at least an hour an 15 minutes, so DO NoT go here Hangry. Do NoT go here if you're impatient, picky, think you can be a demanding customer, or a jackass ...your ass will get called out. Lol. That cheesesteak tho!!! Omg, a party in my tummy, get...I repeat Do GeT the Special Sauce its amazing, skip the fries, they are not, grab a drink, and take your time with that amazing sandwich. It's in the hood, so don't act brand new, confidence orrrrr silence is key. Its worth the visit and hey, was featured in a movie, can't go wrong, right?!Long lines, yes. But the cheesesteak is WORTH the wait. Pricey, yes. But the cheesesteak is HUGE. I get at least 3 meals out of one if I order a whole one. Meat is tender, juicy and seasoned well. Get it any way you want but I always get mine with provolone, fried onion, sweet peppers and "ketchupsaltandpepper" (that's how they say it when asking if you want it on your cheesesteak). 
Neighborhood might look a little rough but I've never had an issue. In fact everyone I've encountered has been friendly, even the people who work here (unlike some people have experienced) but it's clear they aren't up to deal with your bs. Don't be rude and neither will they.We are from the Los Angeles area and flew out to visit a friend in DC. We decided we wanted the best damn cheesesteak we can find...so we drive to Philly. Now, our mind was set on either Pat's or that other well-known spot (can't remember), but many of the reviews were suggesting it's not a spot that locals go to. NO. We want to go where the locals go, they know what's up. We noticed Max's had great reviews...sure, it's in an area considered a slum, but it's not that bad unless you are walking a lot, because it is lonely at night. Parking was easy to find on a Sunday night. We walked in and were immediately greeted by the guy taking orders. Cool staff, cool customers inside; the vibe was just right for a Sunday. The cheesesteak itself was a 'giant', and let me tell you, I still have random cravings to this day for that cheesesteak. I'm bothered knowing I can't just drive and get one. Meat was juicy, soft, and very tasty. The bread was perfect, not too soft and was the perfect compliment to the steak and peppers. My friends, you have to come here.Yes, there is an extensive wait....
Yes, the neighborhood is sketchy...
But it's worth it!!! Hands down the best cheesesteaks in town! 
I chose to hold down a seat at the bar (and grab a few drinks) while my sister braved the line. The bartenders looked like strippers but they were very polite! I was told by a "waitress" that she could've put my cheesesteak orders in for me instead of waiting on line. But I told her my sister was already on the line...so at least I know for next time. 
It was an experience to say the least...the loud music, the man with no teeth who bought me a drink...but those cheesesteaks were very juicy! One star off for the wait and the confusion as the chefs were changing shifts. But a must do in Philly...All I'm going to say is Thank God for Maxx's Steaks. Listen I am a native that lives in Atlanta now. Atlanta knows noting about how to make a decent steak so when I went home for a funeral I knew the first place I was going was Maxx's. I had to double blink when I realize the large steak was $16 bucks but let me tell you, it is two full size steaks. So worth it. Maxx's doesn't skimp on the meat. Its real ribeye steak not steakums. The quality is superior and so is the taste and flavor. Loved the fact that I could get it made without green peppers. People in Atlanta automatically put bell peppers on it. Nooooooooooooooooooo. I can't say enough good things about it. Its in the hood---my old hood but so what if the bums and vagrants are begging. Its worth the trip and the wait. You can't get this goodness nowhere else. 
My one complaint is they only take cash. It was an inconvenience but best believe I scrambled to get the coins to pay for my sandwiches.So I had an opportunity to eat here yesterday and let me tell you that it was well worth it. The line gets extremely long but the food is sooooo good that you don't mind. Very well seasoned meat with two different cheese. 
After the first bite I was hooked. I suggest everyone to hit this spot when in Philly. I am definitely going back when I head back up thereAs a native New Yorker, this was my very first cheesesteak ever and I wanted to cry, it was so incredible. I was lucky enough to get in on a Saturday just before the rush and still had to wait a bit. The man behind the counter (Max? LOL) was so nice to take care of me, my very first time in Philly and ordering my very first cheesesteak. I told him I didn't really know how to order. I told him I wanted the authentic cheesesteak experience and he told me he'd take care of me. And he did. Mayo, onions, Provolone and I added sweet peppers because I really enjoy them. I got the cheesesteak back to my air bnb and couldn't wait to sink my teeth into it. 
It's so deeply satisfying when something you've never had before tastes exactly how you imagined it would taste. It touches a spot in you that is difficult to explain, exactly. I nearly collapsed after my first bite due to pleasure overload. Just...deliciousness and joy. 
Had I known how wonderful it was going to be, I would've ordered a WHOLE instead of the already HUGE half. Or I would've gotten an air bnb above Max's. Or I would've just set up a tent on the sidewalk outside of the place. Just that awesome. 
Since I'm a cheesesteak newbie, I wanted to compare Max's to another highly recommended place - Jim's. I got Jim's prepared the same way as Max's. Compared to Max's, Jim's is bland. And the meat is treated in such a way that it almost has the texture of ground beef. Max's is tender and succulent but maintains its textural integrity. And Max's HALF was bigger and cheaper than Jim's half. 
I know I'm just a newbie here, but Max's is the cheesesteak to beat!! I wish I had a Max's cheesesteak right this minute...If there were more stars I would give them. It was amazing. Yes it is in the hood. Yes parking could suck BUT MY GOD IT'S  WORTH IT. I got the classic way and was so happy. The sandwich is bigger than any other i have seen. And it is seasoned to perfection. Will definitely pass the word and repeat.My fave chicken and cheesesteak spot in Philly hands down! I've been when the line was out the door and on slower days and it's always consistent. Staff is friendly, and pretty patient with people like me who order sandwiches the wrong way / backwards... always a good time to dine in at the adjoining bar too!This is what I'm talkin about right here! This jawn got the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. Better than all that South Philly stuff. Conveniently close to Broad St. right off Germantown and Erie, you can't miss it. It's plenty of parking in the back. 
The steak isn't overwhelmed by cheese. It's just perfect, the way it's cut. Put some fried onions, mayo and ketchup on that jawn and you're in the game. Grab you a brewski (OE, Colt 45, whatever you want because the selectionfor about $2-3 and sit down at the bar next door.
It's definitely a hood spot and not the most organized but that's not a bad thing. Max's is the place to go!NOT SCARY.... This place is definitely in the less desirable part of town, though during the day, I did not feel threatened at all. No one approached me and the people I passed all greeted me kindly. The people working in the restaurant were very warm and kind! The sandwiches are HUGE- I am 5'6 and it was the length of my femur. They cut it into quarters for easy sharing- 1 quarter was more than enough to fill each person.
I would recommend visiting, though I probably wouldn't head here at night. I had my 3 teenage daughters with me and my 2 yr old boy besides me and my husband. We took off our jewelry before heading in, which was more of a precaution I didn't feel we necessarily needed to take on our lunch visit.I was reluctant to post this review as not to let out this best-kept cheesesteak secret in Philly.
Max's steaks ARE hands down the best in Philadelphia.
If you ignore the location (Broad & Erie BSL stop), the wait, and lack of seating except for the bar next door, for $18 you will receive 24 inches of cheesy, meaty, perfectly-seasoned heaven.Awesome cheesesteak and loved the Muslim sister that I paid...she got on me about dropping my credit card, reminded me of my Mom telling me the same... Cool brothas cooking,  lives up to the rep they have...Good steaks not the best steaks in Philly but in my top ten. Meaty big cheese steak. They have multiple cheese and toppings choices. I always get a whole cheese steak. I don't recommend for average stomach since a whole cheese steak in Philly in always enough for two average peopleThis place is amazing! Point blank! The cheesesteak was phenomenal!Pat's TRASH... Gino's GARBAGE...
Both two of Philly's most OVERRATED Tourist Traps. (Sorry Joey V.)
Max's Steaks is a TRUE Philly Cheesesteak landmark!
From my early days moving to Philly in 1996 I was on a quest for thee BEST Cheesesteak in Philly.
Trust me... I'm a 300lbs Puerto Rican Jersey born and raised before transplaning in Philly.
I've eaten at some of the best and worst places in NY, NJ, Philly, DE, and DC.
Max's Steaks has theeeee BEST by a land slide.
From the moment you walk in you're greeted by the pleasant smell of fresh beef and chicken cheesesteak meat being cooked on the grill. The fried onions and seasonings made my stomach growl with delight .
I placed my order for a (beef) Cheesesteak and watched as the cook prepared the order for the young lady in front of me.
I felt my eyes get bigger and bigger as he pulled a HUGE fresh hoagie roll from the side. 
I asked, "what size Cheesesteak is that?"
In a raspy North Philly voice, he replies... "There's on one size, big guy. They all are this size."
Just then he begins to put together my sandwhich. 
As I watch, he effortlessly sections off some beef steak, pulls it to center stage of the grill, and puts (generous amount) provolone cheese on it. A quick seasoning of salt, pepper, and powdered garlic. Then places a HUGH long roll on top. 
Like a ballerina, he effortlessly scoops up the meat while holding onto the roll with one hand.
He ask, "what do you want on it?". Taking note from the young lady before me, I say, "the works." and with a head nod, he begins the dance of toppings.
First ketchup, and mustard... mustard you ask? Yes! Mustard. Hey I've had all the others and none offeres mustard so I thought I'd give it a go. Then a few other seasonings, Italian seasoning, lettuce, tomato, pickles, yellow banana peppers. There were more but I figured that was plenty.
He carefully swaddled my sandwhich like a baby and wrapped it up with 2... yes 2 hoagie paper side by side, I'm not kidding it was HUGE!
Half a hoagie is about 7 inches, a whole sandwhich can easily feed 4 children.
As he taped up this edible masterpiece, I applauded in my mind.
I came home unraveled it carefully and dove in! Full of flavor, nothing overwhelming, the perfect combination of meat, cheese, seasonings, toppings, and bread.
I only was able to eat half of it and ate the rest for breakfast... don't judge me. 
I immediately said to myself... I have to come back!
As I've said in my other favorable Yelp post... I recomend Max's everytime there is a debate on social media about the best Philly Cheesesteak. I always tell the novice, yeah the Cheesesteak maybe synonymous with South Philly but the Max's in North Philly has all other Cheesesteak places beat.
Take a ride on the Broad St. line and get yo' self one of these tasty "jawns".The location of this Oasis may throw you off a little bit, but don't let it, otherwise your depriving yourself from the best in the business. SO FREAKING GOOD!!!!Ordered normal cheesesteak.  Taste average, would give 3 stars for taste but giving 4 stars for its value.  Huge cheesesteak that lasted for 2 meals for 2 adults at a good price.I love this place! The cheese steaks are awesome. You get plenty of meat; the sub/hoagies are prepared while you watch and wait. Everything is fresh and delicious! I will be traveling back to Philly next weekend and I will make Max's a priority on my list of things to do!I searched through several Yelp reviews to find the most promising spot for my one night in Philly and I decided on Max's. Keep in mind, this place accepts cash only and there is an ATM on site. My boyfriend and I made the 20 minute drive from our hotel around 8:30 pm on a Saturday night. We easily found side street parking. The area isn't the best, but nothing to be alarmed about. We walked in and noticed that the line was long (but hopefully moved at a fair pace). I was already prepared to wait based on the other reviews. Max's has a bar on the other side. I didn't get a chance to get a drink, but the patrons seemed to be settled in at the bar. Now back to the wait...it ended up being an hour and a half, which we felt was long but worth it in the end. I got a half beef philly and my boyfriend got a whole chicken philly (no wiz on either one) with peppers, onions, and mushrooms. If you aren't full after eating a half, you may need to compete in a Man vs. Food challenge. Needless to say, they were bomb and I see what the hype is about! I will definitely be back in the future to sit at the bar and enjoy my philly (and a drink) with the locals.Loved every bit of it. Make sure you get the sweet peppers and onions cooked in with your cheesesteak. Also, I have provolone and white American cheese. My cheesesteak was to die for!!! Not to mention it was as long as my arm!!I had never been to Philadelphia before but the first thing I asked my Lyft driver picking me up from the train station was where is the best cheesesteak in town. Max's was the first thing that came out of his mind. He warned me the neighborhood was a bit intimidating to white people, but I gave it a shot and was so glad I did! Yes, he was right, the neighborhood is a bit in the Hood but I had a great experience. I was the only white guy there but everyone was very nice and helped me order one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. Seriously, it was the best! Bread, steak, cheese, the peppers, the soginess..., it was amazing! Took it to the bar attached next door and enjoyed it all to myself. Really was worth every penny and next time I go to Philly, I will head back up to Max's for a great cheese steak!So I feel bad because on my first review here I said this wasn't better than ishkabibbles. I must turn my back to you ish. I am so sorry.
So this place is in the "hood" and I was okay with that. I felt like I was on the episode of seinfeld with the soup nazi. Stood in line waited for a while, got ignored, waited some more, got ignored some more.... and then the magic happened, it's weird they don't have tickets or anything you basically get a number they start at 1 and go up to I have no idea what and then stop....wait till all the orders are done and start again. 
I got my steak like I was a philly native, onions cheese and peppers and it was heaven in my mouth, yes heaven. lol...so it was later in the afternoon and I was able to partake in the bar side and this is where the fifth star comes in. 
So you mean to tell me, you can make me pretty much whatever drink  I want, even slushie drinks AND I can eat this greatness of a sandwich! Thank you very much. 
In the midst of my trip, I met some locals here and was told that the owner was at the end of the bar. Not sure if it was but they said it. 
Max's has the best cheesteak in philly. I've had ishkabibbles, genos, pats and some side places that arent big. Maxs is it!This is the best chicken Philly place in town. The bread and chicken is beyond delicious. The Philly was affordable and the people were amazing. You must venue off the tourist path to experience this geSo I went here due to the Kevin Hart hype. There is on street parking but I parked on Broad St where there are meters. On a summer Saturday afternoon, the line was out the door past the bar. Waited damn nearly an hour! The line was interesting. Had multiple vendors trying to sell oils, shades or bootleg dvds and mixtapes. It was hot as hell inside. The cheesesteak was amazing as advertised. Coming from south philly, it was hard to admit that I would put this north philly spot my top 10. If only the lines were alot shorter! Just remember if you are ordering hoagies, there is a seperate line and it is much shorter than the cheesesteak line.The famous chef Thomas wanted to try and authentic Philly cheesesteak. This place was recommended by Philadelphian experts. Outside of Philadelphia most people have no clue what authentic Philly cheesesteak is.  Usually the outsiders give you a big bun and very little of me calling it a Philly cheese steak. Those are imposters. Here you wait in a long lines in North Philly and you see thousand pounds of meat. Cooking and stirring waiting to be slapped on the 24 custom-made bun. With only onions peppers catch up maybe mayonnaise that's it that is a true Philly cheesesteak.Now where can I get a Cheese steak and a 40 ounce (jk but not jk)Hands down the best Cheese steak I've had in my life. Highly recommend. The wait is a bit long but it is worth it. Yes, it is in the hood but its safe.  Support the guys outside selling incense and oils.  Eat your cheese steak at the connecting bar.  The bartenders are twerking and serving good drinks! Get peppers and extra Cheese Wiz. Why doesn't this spot have more reviews?Good cheesesteaks, but be prepared to stand in line and make sure you have cash. It's worth it!The area is not safe, you will not find anyone from Temple or the surrounding hospitals eating at this place because they know better. If you are not from Philly stay the hell away from here, now if you are a local you know what this area is about then the food here is better than you would guess from there interior. All the people behind the counter were friendly especially the super nice lady working the register. 
Cheese steak was pretty good and massive just not worth the hassle of dealing with the area.Love Max's!  I haven't been to the city until I've stopped in here.  Took my State and Local Government class from Howard University here on a field trip to Philly!  OHHHH EMMMM GEEEEE THIS IS THE JOINT!  Students loved it. I got extra credit points :)This is my spot for a cheese steak big good and affordable ps ..go early the spot is in THE HOODThe big deal in Philly is the cheesesteak. Everyone has their favorite spot and claims that place to be "the best". Been to several locations and so far was not impressed. Got to the point where I didn't even get the hype about cheesesteaks. Is it one or two words, but anyway that was before I went to Max's. Two words, Love Them. Location is definitely a lot on the rough side but it's worth it. Had mine with mayo, salt, pepper, ketchup,  fried onions and sweets(chopped in it) and was extremely pleased. Will definitely be coming back here.They make a very damn big cheesesteak. Do not get any more than a half unless you literally have not eaten that day, and maybe not even then. Also, if you arrive during peak times, expect to wait, as they do take some time.
That said - on to the positives - the food is delicious! Prices are excellent for the amount of food you get - I swear my half sandwich was a pound and a half of food, easy. It's definitely worth stopping in here. There really isn't much more to say, I mean, it's a cheesesteak place, they serve cheesesteaks. You can eat in the attached bar.Long line, but so Worth the wait!!! We stood in line for about 40 min before we received our food. Best cheesesteak I have had in a long time! I didn't "dress up" my cheesesteak too much and it was still really good. Plus, you can't beat the drink cost (our beers were $2.50 each). 
The service is quick despite the long line (literally the line wrapped around & some ppl stood outside). Everyone was nice & apparently there were many repeat customers because they greeted many ppl by name. 
The environment is on the sketchy side, but you can't beat the food here!Honestly, this is the best cheesesteak in Philly.
Pats and Genos in South Philly are just tourist traps, they suck.
Jims is not bad.
Dalessandros is decent.
BUT NOTHING COMPARES TO MAX's 
The meat is amazing and you get a huge serving of it. It can be seasoned to your liking, (I go for salt, pepper, garlic powder, onions)
The full size (2 feet) is completely worth it just because you will want more after you finish the first foot of it.
The only negative about Max's is the wait. The main chefs do take a while to roll out the orders but the steaks are completely worth the wait.
Also to all yous who are down-talking North Philly and Germantown, sure it is not the safest neighborhood, but just don't go in being ignorant. Do not make yourself look like an easy target, showing off your expensive jewelry or electronics. Be confident and the people are a lot more friendly than they look. 
Anyways, MAX's is about the great food and the amazing experience. The staff is slow, but they are the most friendly staff in the restaurant business.
Don't miss it!CASH ONLY ! CASH ONLY ! But Oh! My ! Gawd! Delicious! As soon as they open , get your cheesesteaks then! They are fresh and tasty! I just wish the parking and location was a bit better , but don't let the location deceive you! This place makes fantastic cheesesteaks ! I definitely will be buying one againLiterally THE best cheesesteaks ever.... to the point that I can remember where I was when I had my first bite.  I hate Erie ave but a steak from Max's is always worth the tripForget gino's, pat's, jims or steve's. Best cheesesteak in philly hands down. Never a long wait and are great for parties with their whole sizes. My montly indulging is always at their place of business.Located in a busy intersection and some tourists may not want to venture out to North Philly but this is now one of my favorite places for a cheese steak.  I got the half cheese steak with onions, peppers and mayo and it was awesome and very filling even for me.  The steak is good quality sirloin steak and the bread is fresh.  There is also a bar and room next to where you order if you want to dine in.First time in philly and the entire day I asked where is the BEST place to get an authentic Philly cheese check and majority of the ppl told me here. The line was sooooooo long, I waited in line for 45 mins but it was worth it. Lots of meat, juicy and good. I took my order to go and drove 30 mins to my hotel and it was still yummy. Don't take pictures of the old dude cooking, he'll shut that down! Parking was easy. Don't know if I got lucky but they actually have their own parking lot. It is in the "hood", semi busy road and a few venders outside. Really gives you the taste of a Philly vibe. Cash ONLYI love the cheesesteaks here. The place isn't really visibly appealing but the steaks make up for it! In the hood, and has a bar connected to it. THEY ARE OPEN AFTER 11pm on SATURDAYS AND SUNDAYS! So give them a call and ask them what time they close.WHY CAN'T I RATE THIS HIGHER THAN 5 STARS?  If I could, I'd give it 10 stars.
Hands down, best cheesesteak of my life.  Forgot all the touristy spots - this is the place to be.  It comes in either half size or whole size, the latter of which can definitely feed a small third world village.  The half is served on a foot-long deliciously soft Italian hoagie while the whole is about two feet in length.  I ordered mine with whiz, american cheese, grilled mushrooms, hot peppers, sweet peppers, and onions.   I've never had beef so juicy and flavorful.  Also loved that they were bumping Nicki Minaj  and other hip-hop songs on full blast like it was a club.  I'll be coming back fo mo fo sho.It is completely WORTH THE WAIT! My friend and I visit this place almost 3 times a week, usually on a Sunday around 2pm. It's always jumpin' and full of life. It's absolutely a must see among tourists since it's traditionally shown in movies and TV shows. 
These cheesteaks are the best in Philly I have had thus far. I've lived in Philly most of my life!By far the best cheese steaks. Long lines but that's why. A true gem. I literally dream about this place. I took a plane from Florida just to go to this little hole in the wall in the hood to get a cheese steak. I took 4 subs home with me back on the plane. The cheese steaks are AMAZING!! Try it!Best cheese steak I've ever tasted. Got mine with mayo, whiz, and peppers. A large can feed two people.I've been in Philly for almost 2 years and I literally live down the street from this place. Finally tried it today with some friends. From the street it's a corner spot that's connected to a bar as well. Walking up to get in it looked like plenty of people because the place is small.  When walking in the door, it can look like people ordering in the front and people waiting for their steaks in the back. Really it's the line! 
We literally stood in line for an hour! Full hour! Since the line wrapped around the inside, coming from the outside in its confusing.  To avoid all this, we tried calling ahead but no one answered. Mind you, once you're in there it didn't look like the young ladies were that busy to miss a call behind the counter. 
I'm not sure how the man remembered all orders he took but he had his own system. If you get chicken, it might be a little quicker since everyone wants beef. To be fair, it's quite a lot of meat and if you order a full size steak, a few people can eat from that one serving. I guess because everyone talked about this place I expected way more, I've had better!I went on a holiday (Labor Day) and after the Made in America music festival. I spent 2 hours in line. Impartial if it was worth the wait since the area was sketchy and I didn't want to leave my car parked there for too long. Also you have beggars and solicitors occasionally which degraded my experience. There was available seating despite the line. I ate a quarter of the whole size sandwich and took the rest home. I live 3 hours away and even after the ride when the Cheesesteak cooled down, it tasted even better! Great authentic Philly Cheesesteak. I highly recommend if you have time to wait the line.Its a "Cash Only" & Waited over an 1hr & 30mins however well worth the Wait!! It was a Saturday night so its expected!! None the less Very Tasteful & the Bread was Fresh!! If you are around the Philly Area make it your Duty 2 get here ASAP!! The whole cheese steak was about $17.50 & well over a foot long!! Easily feeds 2 Adults! Enough Already get moving to Maxxxx!!There's something about neighborhood pride that North Philly in its vacancy, neglect, poverty and violence doesn't always have. But Max's helps.
Delicious. Great steaks. Friendly staff. Got my normal wiz wit' and enjoyed the heck of it. Fresh tasting bread, overflowing sandwich, and an enjoyable area to sit in and enjoy it. Recommended, highly. It's not Pat's or Geno's, and it's at Broad & Erie. You might not normally travel here, but it's worth it.This was my first stop when I entered the city. Coming back home with girlfriend who has never had an authentic Philly Cheesesteak Max's was all I can think about. The most noticeable thing about the place when I pulled up is that it hasn't changed. My family and I have been getting cheesesteaks from here for years and it hasn't changed. We were thankful that it  wasn't crowded so we were order and leave. There are times when this place can be so packed with organized Cheesesteak order confusion, but not that day. Looking at the grill with all the chopped steak and fried onions made my eyes grow big with excitement, my mouth drool in anticipation and my stomach growl for joy! Salt, pepper, ketchup, fried onions, extra cheese and pickles is the way I love my Cheesesteaks and as I saw the cheese melt and the roll go on top of my portion of steak all I could think about was the fastest way to my grandmother's house so me and my girlfriend could enjoy our Cheesesteaks. Hands down one of the best deli style Cheesesteak joints in the city. These Cheesesteaks are not for the faint at heart. A whole Cheesesteak which is about 2 feet long will set you back for little under $20 and they will pack them for travel!I waited in line while it was cold and rainy for 2 hours but it was worth the wait. It was AMAZINGGGGG. I'm a foodie so I am a stickler when it comes to food but this hands down was the best cheesesteak i've ever had. The bar in the back is pretty cool and laid back. The drinks are extremely strong. 
Note: its cash only and dont have any plans cause you'll be waiting awhile.When tourists ask me where to get a good cheesesteak, I tell them that you have to go in the neighborhoods. Well, this is no exception. Max's is not just in one of the neighborhoods, it's in THE hood. Is it worth the risk? Hell yeah..For those of you who may be a lil' nervous about going to North Philly for heaven on a roll, I advise you go during the daylight hours.
Max's cheesesteaks are one of the best cheesesteaks spots in the city. Nowadays, (since I don't eat beef) I order chicken cheesesteaks. Real chunks of chicken on long amoroso rolls . OMG. When you order one and see the size, you may think you want to share, but when you bite into this philly delicacy, you kind of forget those silly thoughts. 
For those of you who have never ordered a cheesesteak in Philly, the most popular thing to put on it is: "Saltpepperketchupfriedonionsandmayonnaise" that's salt, pepper, ketchup, fried onions and mayonnaise. PRACTICE.
When you slide to the left to pay the cashier, order a six pack a beer why don't you? If you want an authentic Philly cheesesteak, Max's is the place to go.yo.. skr8 up im from da souf!! (lol) nah but on da real i ate here today for lunch got the philly cheese steak just how my man makes it  ...... skr8 banging !!!!!!! that genos and pats shit wit cheese wiz on it is terrible, compared to maxs that crap is  garbage! !  listen i have been here for 1 week and have eaten five different sandwiches spots........winner maxs on broad street and erie ave in north philly! !!!  now if your a coward , and  have  never been to da hood ,then stay down in south phiily and go to pat or genos and stand in line for at least an hour for pure crap!!!!!  i was in and out in five minutes for true philly cheese steak! !!!!! o yeah and the lady behind the register. .was just as sweet as pie!!!! and to top it all off  .... there connected to a bar wit jammin r&b music!!!! big up max keep it up!!! 
west tampa florida finest ya bwoy joe c ........now thats how you yelp!!!!! biatch! !!I have done some inquiring about the best place in Philly to get a cheesesteak and I was just trying to capture the moment when my dad used to go to Philly and bring back the family sandwiches.I have done a lot of traveling and I will say Max's has the best cheesesteaks that I ever had in my life ,I ended up buying 50 dollars worth of sandwiches and must say this Gino's you can kick bricks ,I felt that when I was there 2 years ago that you'll don't like serving Blacks!!!!!!!!!!!!The cheesesteak was one of the best I ever had. The wait was long but well worth it. The staff was friendly. The price was reasonable for the size of the sand which. They are definitely not cheap with the meat. The area is kind of sketchy with people selling bootleg movies and clothing but other then that people just kept it moving. There is no parking lot and parking on the street seems like a hassle. There is a train stop right around the corner. Would give them 5 stars but the wait killed it for me. If you have time to kill and you want a good cheesesteak I highly recommend this place.WOWEE what a good roll of meat. I woke up at 5am to eat this soft greasy angel cause i'm a meat man and i love to fill my head hole with the good stuff. The place doesn't open until 11am, so the anticipation certainly had time to build, but i just couldn't sleep i was tossing and turning all night thinking about this big sloppy HOAG!! 5 star review for a five star chee-stee. God bless this North Philly beef house.Max's did NOT disappoint!! The Philly Cheese Steak is amazing!! It is such a good feeling to sit and enjoy EVERY BITE!! This is an experience!! The vibe is real and the people are down to earth!! Great food made right!!OK, so I have done the Pats & Genos they are tasty, however my cousin lives somewhere near them, and she insisted I try Max's. Well I'm glad she did I was impressed the bread is soft Meat has FLAVOR!!! Staff were pleasant I was able to wait for my Cheese steak, and have a nice cold Coors light!!! Couldn't do that in NJ I will Absolutely be back at Max's for My cheese steak for now on during my Philly Visits!!!If you're looking for flashy signs and neon lights, this is not the place to go. It'd you're looking for a huge, messy, ridiculously mouth-watering Philly cheesesteak that you want to eat in the front seat of your car with grease running all down the front of your shirt, then this is the spot. The establishment and the neighborhood may not be refined. In fact, some might call them seedy. But the cheesesteaks are so worth it!Best cheese steak I've ever had. And the mushroom steak is even better. Drove an hour and a half out of our way to stop here on our way to DE. And friendly!My first Philly cheesesteak experience was a great one. I'm glad I came here to eat last week while in Philly. The service was great and the cheesesteak tasted absolutely amazing. I'd recommend Max's to anyone who loves cheesesteak or wants to try one for the first time.The cheese steaks are excellent, it's one of the best spots in Philadelphia. Went with 3 other people and everyone enjoyed there food so I would have to say 5 starsMy boyfriend took me here to get my first cheesesteak EVER! 
It was sooo delicious. We went on a Thursday afternoon & it was packeddddd (a long line packed). The wait is totally worth it! You can literally see all of the action while you're standing in line. We were going to order separate sandwiches but it was recommended that we order a whole ( which is like two footlongs). 
I got a steak and cheese with mushrooms, peppers, onions, provolone, mayo and whiz. 
We sat in the bar next to the restaurant, as there is no seating in Max's. Overall, the food was worth the wait and sooo delicious. I could not eat it all! I was so full. There was a parking lot next to the building, but it was packed!Be prepared to stand around and wait a while for your steak because that's how they roll.  (No pun intended).  There is no clear line to order.  Even more confusion about when/how to pay. 
That's how it began.  After getting my chance to order being told that my number was 9 and then standing around waiting for close to half an hour I began to see the way the system worked.  Utter chaos but kudos to the dude behind the counter for keeping it all straight.
Eventually he called my number and then I got to tell him how I wanted my steak fixed.  I found it odd that the default base was mayo, cheese and steak and you actually had to say no mayo (or else get some).  For the record, I am a purist, Wiz Without (when trying a new place).  
After telling Mr. 9 how I wanted it, the steak chef finished assembly and I followed my wrapped steak to the cashier.  I got my drink and got out of there.
Why would you care about any of the above.  You're waiting for the meat of the review and here it is.  It was a tasty cheese steak.  It was also an extremely salty one.  like really salty, borderline too salty.  Yet still tasty.
Would I go back?  Sure.  Would I recommend this place to anyone?  probably, A-ok.  Whould this place be my first pick.  not likely.Checked out this spot while visiting Philly. A recommendation from hotel staff. On our previous visit to Philly, we tried Geno's and Pat's.  We hated the food. They were in my opinion WAY overrated.
Well this time, we decided try Max's. It is located in north Philly. We went at 12noon because according to reviews, you will wait 1 1/2 hours for a cheesesteak in the evening. Luckily, it was only about  5 people ahead of us. It's a small place but has a large bar in back. 
I ordered the large size sandwiches to take back to NYC. It was literally 20 inches long for $18. But it's basically 3 sandwiches in one.
The staff was very friendly and professional.  They even prepared my precious cargo for travel, lol. Seriously,  the best cheesesteaks we have ever had in Philly.  Our drive is only 2 hours from NYC. We plan on doing couple road trips to explore the city more and get some more Max's for sure!Born and bred New Yorker here and all I have to say is Max's or nothing.
I don't care about your Top 3 or 5 either.
Get the mayo, the whiz, the steak, peppers and onions. If you get ketchup or hot sauce we're no longer food buddies. Don't taint the glorious-ness of this sandwich with condiments that don't compliment it what so ever. 
Also just get the whole, it's less than $20 for 20'' inches of overfilled steak!
The wait is long (20-30 minutes) but what can you expect for the best. The staff is always friendly so slide a couple of dollars in between the glass! 
Taking away one star only because parking is impossible,I love Max's cheese steaks it's meaty and seasoned well. The bread is just right and juicy with the toppings of your choice I would be coming back here only down fall is the location.This is definitely a place for locals instead of tourists. There was a line at 4:30pm on Saturday afternoon, and everyone in the line was from the neighborhood.
We ordered the cheese steak ($8.25 for 12 inches, $16.50 for 24 inches). You order in a line in front of the cooking area, and I have to admit, I was less excited about my order after watching the low quality beef bleeding on the grill.  But it was actually very delicious! I like that they have sliced cheese AND cheese mixed into the beef. It was moist and flavorful even though we literally only had beef, cheese, and onions on our sandwich.
About the neighborhood ~ As we drove closer to Max's, we noticed more abandoned buildings and trash in yards, but I actually really love the people in the neighborhood. During the 30 minutes we walked over to Max's and waited for our food, 3 different people just randomly started conversations with us. I wish the entire U.S. was that friendly!I've been eating here for years and I can never come back to Philly without eating a MAX'S Giant cheese steak.I have been a fan of this food establishment from day one. With that being said, the chicken cheese steak as well as my wiz cheese steak were so disappointing, the ordering process was very rushed, as well as the food itself. I didn't feel the passion I usually do when I eat one of their steak's, so disappointing!Maybe it was a rough day for the folks but this place wasn't one of my favorites. I'm willing to come back for a second take but my first impression with this place, compared to others wasn't that great. While portion to price was excellent the meat lacked good texture and flavor. And even though the construction of the sandwich was good it was hard to keep the filling inside. Also for the setup, I expected to have my sandwich ready in less than 2 minutes but unfortunately it took way longer. Overall, I would come back for a second try, just not that soon.CHEESE STEAKS ARE DELICIOUS!!!!! but the surrounding area is not so nice ... Its right off of broad street and its right on the out skirts of north Philly I believe .... Its a bad area ...its near a subway entrance and the urine smell is strong ... Also When you go here don't dress too nice or else you'll get stared at  even if you're African American  ... Don't know why... it made me uncomfortable... But food is really good !!! Definitely a good Philly cheese steak !The best, visiting and heard about this place and went out of my way to make it and we were not disappointedThere is a reason why the line is always so long. Honestly one or the best cheesesteaks I've had ever! Whenever I come to philly if my friends and family find out I didn't bring them any cheesesteaks from Max's I'm in big trouble. I try and go as early as possible to avoid the long lines. Great cheesesteak!Great cheesesteaks, Great music, Great drinks! Portions are huge. If you want to avoid the line just grab a table, the food comes so much faster.I went to Max's at around 11pm on a Friday night after a movie date and it was packed. I waited the 20ish minutes to order because I was so intent in trying Max's. I moved to philly last August and have been trying to find a good cheesestake because every single place I've tried has had bland meat (yes, Geno's and Pat's,too) and hands down Max's is my favorite. My date and I got the half because the full sandwich is HUGE. The meat was flavorful/well seasoned and well cooked, so the meat was still moist. There is so much meat in just the half, I can barely imagine how much meat a full has. Max's is officially my go to steaks place.I make a trip here from NY every year cause there is no other cheesesteak place for me!
The cheesesteaks are cooked to order and they use real cheese (not that cheese wiz crap some other places use).  A whole sandwich could easily feed 4 people and a half sandwich could feed 2.  Most times there is a line but I don't mind waiting for all that deliciousness my only suggestion is that while you're waiting decide on what you want on your sandwich as they will move right past you if you're still deciding when they ask you for your order.  
While it is in the "hood" I have to say I've never had a problem with anyone and most times I sit in the back bar area to enjoy my sandwich piping hot (and I always take one to go).  One of these days I'm going to break down and try their hoagie sandwich - if I can ever stop eating the cheesesteaks.
Until next year........Absolutely marvelous first visit  great sandwich I turn to brother man from the fourth floor , only I want is a sandmich lol ggggggrrrreeaat!!!My favorite cheesesteaks... can't nobody tell me different... and the bar always is entertaining...
When the line is long, you know it must be the truth....Only comment bad - had to wait in line & the cooks don't do the hustle just because the line is long.  Great steak sandwich hoagie!  Just the roll fell apart as I tried to eat it!  Missed cutting it fully in half!  Made it hard to hold!   Next time, I will have my plastic knife & be ready!  I will have a fork also in the event it some falls off!    Worth the wait in line!I love Philly Cheesesteaks. I really like Abner's and Pat's but Max's cheesesteaks AND their Italian hoagie are the best I've had.We did our research and wanted to go where the locals go, and Max's was the winner!! lol If you like a lot of meat on your cheesesteak, then this is the place that you want to go.  It's definitely in the hood, but for those who are concerned the local folks are pretty down-to-earth and laid back. I think the area knows that Max's cheesesteaks our popular so naturally expect all different types of clientele. I thought it was cool how they had a bar connected to it where you can sit down and eat and wash it down wit a good drink lol. I definitely recommend Max's. We drove from DC  for the weekend and Max's was DEF worth the visit!!Absolutely, by far, no exception, the best steak I've had in the city.  Tasty, well seasoned meat, overflowing out of a fresh roll, served by some of the best people in the city for cheap.  I never knew how good a cheesesteak could be until I had one from Max's.Love this place I'm from California and these cheesesteaks are bomb.com. The wait time is horrible but i always seem to meet good people and having alot of laughs there. So the time go by pretty fastWhat's all the hype about here, folks? Think my favorite part of this place was the friendly service, friendly patrons, friendly bartender and bumpin playlist, but the cheesesteak left a lot to be desired. I shared a half with fried onions and ketchup and that puppy was DROWNING in ketchup to the point where the roll was sad and soggy. Could have definitely used some more cheese and less ketchup. 
Don't think I'll return unless I happen to be very drunk in NE Philly (which I try not to make a habit of doing).You better have a whole lot of patience to stand in the line at Max's especially during late hours because the line will be out the door. I don't possess that high level of patience so I left my friends in line and sat in the car. They got me the tuna sandwich which was hugeeeeeee but so good. It took me almost two days to finish the sandwich. For only $10, they really do give you a large size sub. I believe this establishment is black owned so they can definitely have my dollars when I'm in Philly.