First it was "restaurant week" and our reservations has to be confirmed twice.   Once there the restaurant was 90% EMPTY  first clue.  The service was nonexistent.   The food was cold.  Shocked that they remain in business with so many other choicesI was seated and then waited 20 minutes until a waiter finally came and asked me what I would like to drink. He apologized and he didn't know I had been waiting that long. Then 5 minutes later he comes back with nothing and asked if I would like to order my food. I told him I was still thirsty and have been waiting 25 minutes just for a drink. I gave him my dinner order and he finally filled my glass with water. After a few minutes my food did come out and it was very good. If not for the terrible service I would have been very pleased with it all. Then he asks if I would like desert and I declined. I was just ready to leave the restaurant. He brings me my check and I hand him a card. He asks "would I like change?". I tell him "it's a card....". He comes back with the check book, but there wasn't a receipt in it, just my card and the first original itemized receipt. So instead of waiting even longer to have him give me the receipt I have to write a tip on and sign. I state on the original recipes, "no tip, since I wasn't given the right receipt." I signed it and was on my way. The food was great, but the service was terrible. I had never been here and was upset that this was my first take of it.On New Years Day we went to McCormick & Schmick's to celebrate our engagement (that morning at Love Park).  My future in-laws were in from Syracuse and after a long day of celebrating we wanted a good meal to end our amazing day.  I'm sad to say but our experience at M&S did the complete opposite and completely ruined our night.  Something was "off" about our waitress.  We ordered our food and waited over an hour for our food, when we asked what the hold on was... we were told that there was a party of 19 that ordered before us.  The waitress then came back and told us that they were out of lobster mashed potatoes and offered us the cheese potatoes with lobster on top, which we agreed on.  Our meals FINALLY came out and there were no mashed potatoes because now they were out all together (even though one plate did have mashed potatoes on them).  You can tell that the meals were sitting in the window for some time because our steaks were now over cooked and dry.  Not to mention that the juices on the plate were now dried up.  I went to the supervisor in charge and explained to her that I was in the business and never complain (I actually created an Yelp account to write this review).  I told her that I was just engaged that day and we were celebrating and we just weren't happy.  I explained about the filet, the wait, our waitress and her response back was "well what would you like me to do?"  I wanted to reply... "I just want to walk out" but I controlled myself.  The supervisor took off for one filet and sent us champagne, which none of us drank because at that point we were tired, hungry and just over M&S.  We actually went back to our hotel rooms and ordered cheeseburgers from room service that were way better then what M&S served us that night.  
M&S could have been the cherry on our sundae ... instead we will always remember it as a big let down on such a big day in our lives.Been here twice - once alone, once with a co-worker. Big benefit is that it's around the corner from the hotel and I can just eat at the bar.
I've gotten the lobster ravioli and the ahi tuna. My co-worker got the scallops and the wedge salad. Both times, the food was great. I am a bigger fan of the ravioli than the tuna. They've got tons of choices on their menu.
Service - exceptional from the bartenders. They're friendly, but not overly so. And they check in on you an appropriate amount.
Environment - I haven't been in there when it's busy, so it's been nice. I can see it getting crowded. It's also a bit dark, but you get used to it pretty quickly.
Background notes: dinner while traveling alone after working for 14 hours.Seafood was nicely prepared, tasted fresh. It seemed a little confusing, as the menu was more high end, but the bar and the ambiance seemed more similar to what one would expect from a pub. I like this place more as a pub, personally, despite the food being good. I had a mixed grill of seafood, which was tasty, and fairly well seasoned.If I could give this no stars I would.  My boyfriend and I went here in February 2009 after receiving a gift card.  If you want bad service and overpriced frozen food (with dirt) this is the place for you.
We called the restaurant and were told there were many vegetarian friendly options on the menu. This was untrue. My boyfriend's mussel appetizer had a ROCK in it. His linguini with clams contained a SHELL FULL OF SAND which made the entire dish gritty and inedible. My vegetarian stir fried vegetables with coconut rice was a bland mix of steamed celery, carrots and broccoli with plain white rice (no sauce) and absolutely no source of protein. Our flourless chocolate cake was frozen. 
We complained after every bad dish was served, each time our server said "sorry."  We were assured by our server that the bill would be corrected.  When the bill came, we were charged $21 for the "vegetarian entree" and also charged for the linguini with clams. The mussels had been removed from our bill. After sending the bill back we were still charged for some of the inedible dishes but the price of the veggie plate was corrected.
Terrible experience!Love this place for lunch and especially happy hour. Probably one of the best happy hour places around. The only downfall about lunch here is that there is quite a wait. It is pretty pricey, but the food is worth it. They also make the best mimosas with freshly squeezed oranges.I used part of my birthday $25 credit at the Kansas City location. The waitress in KC said I could use the remainder on my next visit. I ordered lunch at this location with the expectation of using my credit. The waitress in KC was misinformed and the birthday credit is a one-time use. The manager was nice enough to give me the remaining partial credit which I greatly appreciated. Great customer service. The food was great! I ordered several appetizers and I'll be back.We have long been fans of McCormick & Schmick's restaurants. Unfortunately, they closed the one near my parents' house, so we thought it might be a fun adventure to go into Center City and visit the one downtown. I love this location because it's right on the corner in the shadow of City Hall.
I have to say that the first impression here was not so great. I called ahead to make a reservation just in case. The gentleman who helped me talked to me while some kind of awful very unprofessional music was playing in the background. Then he put me on hold forever. Then he came back and the music was gone, so I don't know if he moved to a different phone. And then he seemed to have a lot of trouble actually taking my reservation. It should not have been that hard.
At any rate, we show up for said reservation and from there things did improve. Our waitress was very good. I ordered the clam chowder for the first time ever and was delighted to find that it is partly based on a very generous helping of bacon that makes it warm and decadent and a pretty darn good cup of soup. For lunch I had the crispy fish tacos, which were pretty good except for the incredible amount of raw onion. Since the whole taco is covered in sauce, it's tough to pick out pieces of excess onion. But other than that, the dish was decent. Others got shrimp scampi, which got good reviews, and a burger (a non-seafood lover in our group).
Others have said it, but it's not a cheap meal. Still it was OK for a treat. There is valet parking during dinner hours but not lunch. Parking in any of the nearly downtown parking decks will run you $10-$16 or so on a normal day. Just something to know if you are planning to park.Was in the city doing holiday stuff and stopped in M&S, not our first choice, but Ruth's Chris had close the nearby location, and car parked at Wannamkers.  We placed orders for drinks, one salad, one app, entree.  Salad and app came within a reasonable time, but drink took forever to come.  They either brought the wrong drink, or they honestly thought that an SoCo old fashioned should be served in a martini glass or didn't know how to make one (WTF?  Heard of Google?).  Sent that back, ordered another drink, which never came.  We were trying to flag down the server so that we could get water glasses filled, as app was spicey. Our server was no where to be found for 45 minutes.  We decided to leave, and we went to Morton's, which coincidentally, is owned by the same parent company (Landry) that M&S is.
We were chatting with our server and told her what happened at M&S.  She told us, that she, personally, sees about one customer a month who walks out of M&S and goes to Morton's (If this is what ONE person at ONE restaurant is noticing, I can only imagine the traffic that's heading into nearby restaurants like Capital Grill or Fogo de chao, etc).  She was telling us she took family there (she get's a discount as a Landry's employee) and had seen pretty much what everyone complaines about, both as a customer and as someone in foodservice industry.Someone got wild with the hot pepper, it was in everything from the chowder to the tarter sauce & mussels, not good unless you are trying to hide bad fish.
The main course was Wild King Salmon, came burned on the bottom and hard as a rock, they brought a second that was raw and mushy, decided not to eat. The manager comes over and says he will take it off the bill, how freaking nice of him, try to serve uneatable food and makes it would like he is doing me a favor. Have been eating at M&S since they started in Portland, first meal I have ever sent back and left hungry, not a good night and wrecked the celebration.
The wait staff was great, the kitchen was the worst, managements response was lame, would not recommend as they do not seem to care about the customers.Just finished our meal here and have to say that I'm pretty disappointed with the experience. Our waiter (Mark)was nice and seemingly tried to help throughout, starting with having to help a guest who slipped walking through the kitchen. Our order took a while to get processed, which I can cope with when he told us that he was helping this guest. The issue started when a server dropped a container of hot garlic butter on my son, who was wearing shorts and had it all over his legs. Yes, it was an accident and that happens, but the way the restaurant handled it was terrible. Our waiter was great, helping clean up and said he talked to the manager who would be right over. The manager (John) came about 10+ minutes later and apologized, and left without sounding too apologetic. The waiter came by a few more times and honestly felt bad, he asked if the manager had told us we could have a free desert, but the manager hadn't bothered to mention that. We're not a big desert family and didn't want that, so the waiter went to see if there was something else they could do, like one of the glasses of wine we had or a % off, he came back and said, sorry, but they can't do anything. Really disappointing at that point. Won't be going back to an M&S.Cold food, small portions, impatient server. Overall bad time. We had a large party and the server seemed very annoyed. I'm sure this was because she knew she had a guaranteed tip due to the party size. First and last time I'll eat a this restaurant. Too pricey to be this bad. Don't believe the hypeNot a great experience here. I've been too a few other McCormick & Schmick's elsewhere and have generally been pleased. 
The waitress in the bar seemed to really struggle with understanding the menu and the options available. She also struggled to keep up service-wise with the handful of us in the bar area drink-wise. 
When the food arrived it was--meh. The fish was chewy and overcooked and lacked the expert prep I would expect from a place that specializes in Seafood.I thought the food was great here. I recieved large portions which was surprising to me. Usually places this expensive give you a small amount of food. It was expensive but a nice experience. I went for my bday in 2007. The menu had a birthday message for me which I thought was cute. We had a private room upstairs overlooking the downstairs dining room. Our room had high walls and curtains in the doorway which made it feel very private. 
I thought the service was great. I just think its pricey because of it's location, not because of the quality of the food.I agree with the underwhelmed. All seafood on Apetizer menu. Curtly I was told this is a seafood house. Well sign says seafood and steak. Been to Chicago before loved it. Day bartender was curt at best.
Weak overpriced appetizer menu. tuna tartar small itty bitty. Crackers 2. Over rated left to have dinner elsewhere.Mediocre sums up this review. Once upon a time this was a really good spot. It's not bad nor good, just okay and when you're charging the same as top notch center city spots, that's unacceptable. 
Pros- It's clean and comfortable and it's large. The soups are tasty and comforting and the desserts are really good especially the upside down apple pie. My lobster bisque could have been amazing, but it was too salty but the crab soup was everything, so good. 
Cons- The menu is out dated, it's located in center city so they have to keep up and they aren't. I was disappointed with the played out plating and played out dishes that have been on the menu since dinosaur's roamed. It's time to jazz it up the dishes are like 90s stuff. They may as well garnish with parsley the plating it so out of date. Hold on, I think I did spot parsley LOL. The main courses were just okay. I had the steak and stuffed shrimp now the steak was solid, the shrimp was just okay. Besides we've all seen stuffed shrimp done this way a million times before. Time to get a bit more creative. My sister had some sort of mediocre mixed seafood grill or something, she said it was okay. My mom had fish and chips and that was average at best.Ive been to multiple McCormicks locations and this is hands down the worst one Ive ever visited. The soup which is usually amazing was terrible and for the restaurant being practically empty, it was the slowest service I've ever had at a Landrys restaurant. I also for some reason got sick within an hour after the meal, don't know what specifically it could have been but Ive never felt bad like that after a meal at other locations like AC. Will not be conducting business meetings or any other dinners at the Philadelphia location ever again.If I could give this establishment 1/2 of a star I would do so. It was poor on every level. I brought a client here for dinner last week and both of us left underwhelmed by the quality of food and service. We both ordered the crab cakes. They were a mushy conglomeration of some type of faux crabmeat, mixed with an abundance of filler with little or no taste. We requested that they be baked rather than fried and what we go was burnt. With all the restaurants in Center City Philadelphia, I place this one on my "Will Not Return" list.I dined at the Broad St location last evening, and while my server and meal was outstanding, the front of the house lacked in organization.
 I booked an 8pm reservation for two, and when I arrived I was told there was a significant delay in reservations; I was told there were 11 parties ahead of me still waiting to be seated, but the manager said I shouldn't be seated later then 8:15. We waited at the bar and around 8:30 I checked on our table status and I was told there were still 6 parties waiting... Long story short we were not seated until 8:50.
Unfortunately I believe the management is under the terrible assumption that higher then average turnover times allows for higher covers per time slot. I've been at the wrong end of that as a hostess trying to navigate through that mess, it's not fun. And I know it's not the hostess's fault that reservations were backed up, nor is it the servers, or kitchen staff. Reservations should never be more then 15 minutes behind - MAX, especially at a restaurant that portrays itself as 'fine dining'. What it ends up portraying is that the management is more concerned with cover count then they are with quality of service, and that was definitely lacking.
It's a real shame because the food and the service staff was phenomenal, but I can't see myself dining there again unless it is during off peak times.
UPDATED 9/27: I received a phone call from the manager apologizing for what we experienced and he is sending me a gift card to come back... For as great as the food was I will definitely be giving them another chance!Average food and absolutely horrible service. 
Waited about 15 minutes for a server to come to our table and introduce herself. She took our orders for drinks, an appetizer, and entrees, and disappeared. We did not see her for another thirty minutes. That's right. Our drinks took thirty minutes to arrive! Shortly after that, our entrees came out as well. We never got the appetizer. I guess the waitress forgot. I saw baskets of bread being brought out to other tables. We never got that either. 
The seafood "mac and cheese" I ordered was totally bland. I've had better out of a box. The tiny shrimp and a few sausage slivers did not do much to liven up the dish. 
As this was a business lunch, no one at the table dared to complain, lest they be identified as "that guy." The inability to complain about a bad restaurant to fellow diners made my unpleasant experience at McCormick even worse.My office has been going here for lunch 3 or 4 times a year for the last 6 or 7 years, and we just got back from lunch today and I'm compelled to write a review.  Last time coworkers went here (maybe 6 months ago) they were very disappointed - 3 average scallops for $30 - but we gave it a go again.
Interior redesign is nice - but that was about it.  Our waiter, while seemingly a good person, wasn't a very good waiter (repeated everything back, soup as an appetizer wasn't delivered with rest of apps etc.).  Problem #1 was about 10 minutes after ordering drinks we were told they were out of Gray Goose vodka.  Either waiter should have known or told us quicker, and seriously how can you be out of that on a Thursday?  One of the water glasses on our table with filthy, though I think the waiter noticed that and he replaced them with new glasses when he brought our water.  
For entertainment we kept watching a mouse scurry around the floor under tables and between the feet of diners (it was a crowded lunch service).  We ordered the variety of oysters and every other time the waiter runs down the menu with what each oyster is - not this time - just dropped them off at the table.  The food was decent, but the prices have gone up about $2 / item and was no bread & butter brought or even offered. 
Definitely our last lunch here considering the price ($120+ for 3 people).We came with a party of 14 people and we were very disappointed by the service. The food itself was decent (entrees were alright but maybe overpriced) and the desserts were very good. 
The main issue was that our server did not have it together AT ALL. Our entrees came out to us BEFORE our appetizers! And we didn't even get half of the appetizers since they were cancelled without our knowing. Also our server was very inappropriately touching almost everyone in our party and we were not comfortable with that at all. She was rubbing our shoulders and leaning in next to our faces and it caught us all off guard by how unprofessional it was. At least it gave us a good inside joke to go home with.Ate the avocado crab tower for an appetizer. The mahi mahi was delicious. First time eating at the Philly location of this brand of Landry's many restaurants, visited from Maryland. I certainly recommend finishing off with a seasonal sorbet. Overall experience was quite nice. Easy to find and close to the convention center.Wow, what a nice time from the bar with Anna to our server Alexia, it was our 1st time for my husband and I, we were celebrating a family birthday, they were so nice and accommodating, I really liked the Menu it wished the birthday girl "Happy Birthday"...the food was great, not a long wait, and filling...we will definitely be returning!!!This is my favorite place for happy hour in AC for my family. The staff treats us like family every visit. I would recommend them to anyone visiting Harrahs AC. The food is great and the prices are ridiculously low. Highly recommended!!Good service.  Not a fan of chain resteruants  but now I am in love with Shrimp Kisses at Mc&S. A must App order. Good local beer choice.Had dinner for Restaurant week with brother and our girlfriends. Excellent.
(Sam) Coco was the man! Great job as our waiter. No one better. Great suggestions. Had the salmon with balsamic glaze and couscous...delicious. Flourless chocolate was awesome, but get the apple pie dessert instead it was unreal! Flounder with crab meat was delicious as well. 
Definitely will be back!Mediocre at best. We were hoping to have a nice dinner in the city, heard good things so we decided to try it. The shrimp kisses were way over cooked and seemed to have been already made up and kept warm. I had high hopes for the seafood combo I ordered, but that too lacked flavor and taste.  Our waiter was attentive and provided good service, which is the only praise I can give. For a higher end dinning experience we were greatly disappointed.The manager contacted me within 48 hrs of my post to apologize for our party's experience and customer service does count for something... So I had to post this update because I am truly grateful for excellent customer service.  I think I'll visit once more with same friends and hopefully, the next experience will be better.I went in at an odd hour, perhaps 2pm or so, for a lunch after a job interview. I was alone and dressed in a suit. You'd have thought I was wearing a rainbow wig and a bikini. The bartender looked at me with such disdain that I thought they were closed. The rest of the staff stood around and gossiped while I had my poorly made and overpriced Manhattan. The food was fine, but I've been underwhelmed by this chain twice and probably would never go back. Perhaps 50 years ago finding a steak and crab cakes was hard to do and they could get away with such unprofessional behavior, but not these days.I'm not going to bore you with all the details.....
-I had a crabcake...boring...really small
-I had salmon grilled with lemon butter...too much sauce, salmon way overcooked...too small again.
-All sides were cold.
-Mel had Parmesan crusted flounder in a lemon caper butter sauce... bland. It didn't taste like lemon or capers, just butter.
-Raw Oysters were good.
-Fried Calamari was forgettable.
Mel had a Bloody Mary and a glass of wine and I had one Stella. Total tab was $85.00.
Far too expensive for a below-average experience in all areas.
Although Bartender Leah was very nice, we aren't going back.
You shouldn't bother either.Excellent food, service was little slow, but server was on top of things, kept us in the loop. Steak was perfect size and was cooked to perfection.McCormick & Schmick's is a fancy chain restaurant. The food is just fine, but I think it's overpriced for the quality.
The service, on the other hand, is really overpriced for the quality. It wasn't terrible service. We got plenty of water refills and check-ins. Our server just seemed annoyed to be there, or distracted, or flighty. We're not really sure. He brought two dinner rolls for four people and didn't bother to mention more were being made until he saw we looked confused. And after dinner, he crumbed one tenth of the table. I don't require my table to be crumbed or anything, but why be so half-assed about everything?
The host who seated us looked and acted like a trust fund kid just out of prep school. He was polite but snooty, which seems strange when you're dining at what is essentially an upscale Red Lobster. Then again, maybe M&S is trying to appease the patrons who believe they are coming to get a fine dining experience.So I am in this place a lot because I work upstairs.  On the upside, service is usually REALLY good (although my last lunch took over an hour to hit the table, an unforgivable sin in the world of center city lunch joints).  The food is also fairly consistent.  The downside is that much of the menu is fair to crappy.
On the upsides there are a couple gems on the menu if you're going for lunch - and this in one of the few bars in the city which serves Amarula Cream... making the Happy Hour worthwhile.  (if you haven't had it, order one on the rocks and thank me later).  If you do lunch right now I'd recommend the Mahi Mahi (with crabmeat and sweet potato hash) or the Tilapia (with rum butter and cashew crust).
Finally, if you have kids, call ahead and ask to be seated upstairs.  They have booths with curtains - meaning your kids can go a little nuts without bothering other guests.The service here is superb! The wait staff is perfectly trained and very friendly. Try the happy hour, they have excellent specials. I had a great margarita! For dinner some pan seared salmon over asparagus and green beans. Very tasty. Overall a good place for a business dinner. A bit pricy, but worth it. Recommend.McCormick & Schmick's happy hour has won national awards, and I've enjoyed it greatly at a few of their other locations.  Based on this, I decided to check out the Philly location for the first time yesterday. 
I wasn't off to a good start. Half the bar was rented out for a private party, and happy hour is only valid at the bar area. I was so close to leaving, wasn't sure where to go next and was waiting for my friends to arrive. The hostess apologized and even offered up some suggestions of other happy hour spots with food. Very sweet of her! 
I heard a group at a happy hour high top table ask for a check so started to eye up the area. To my luck, another high top table group got up beforehand! I didn't want to lose this opportunity so planted myself in a seat before the table could be cleared. Due to the crowd, it took a few minutes for someone to come over to clear it and ask for my order. 
Before my friends even arrived, I ordered a glass of the happy hour Cabernet and the edamame appetizer. My friends made it shortly after, but one friend was on a break and had a limited time to dine. Our order was taken promptly and his time limitations mentioned immediately. The drink service was quick enough, however we had to wait for a bit for the food. My friend had to get half of his order boxed up so he could get back to work.
I personally enjoyed my cheeseburger and thought it was a nice hunk of beef for $4.99 (with fries).  My friends weren't quite as enamored by their chicken sliders or the fish tacos. The edamame was prepared with sea salt and was standard. I've had really well flavored/seasoned edamame before but this wasn't it. 
The other locations were never too crowded during my previous happy hour visits. I think the service lacked a bit yesterday due to the crowd. I'd be willing to try it again in hopes that half the bar area isn't blocked off for a private event. The price was still right in my mind for what I got.Dinner was going well.  We had a round of drinks and the calimari app which was really good.  Attentive server, good pace to the meal.  Then our entrees came out....
Swordfish was good.
The Mahi special (topped with crabmeat) was another story.  It was flat out raw.  The plate was sent back for a refire.  Instead of a new meal we received the the same piece of fish (now overcooked to the texture of a Pirelli), the crabmeat vanished and there was what appeared to be soup where the mashed potatoes used to be.  Mull that over for a minute.  A piece of fish I bit into was tossed back on the grill with your entree.  
Refire was sent back and we told the manager to take it off the check.
1 for 2 does not cut it.  Interesting that a fine dining establishment would address the issue that way instead of tossing and starting over.  I've seen Friendly's handle meals sent back to the kitchen in a better manner.Food was OK but service was miserable. For one of the "high end" restaurants in the city, this is inexcusable. My colleague and I will choose other options on our next trip to philly.Customer servace 5 
Food ------------2
It was just ok ! 
Appetizers were 3 
Main course --2 
Deserts ------ nothing of interests
Just not for us ! Won't repeat .Went this after attending the Flower Show 2018.  We have given up on this place as each time we go we are very disappointed.  Our son gave us a gift card so we figured we would use it and give it another chance. Again dissatisfied, my wife got the stuffed shrimp which was pretty good, but not outstanding.  I ordered the fish and chips and as I used my knife to cut it, the grease just dripped out of the batter. I eventually just pulled the breading off and ate the fish. The fries were a little overdone.  For the prices this is inexcusable.  My wife asked for tea as we ordered the desert and asked for Earl Gray, which the server came back and said they did not have. Very limited selection.  We tried to get the server so she could get cream, and there were people who were at the next table that left and she convinced me to take the creamer. She put the cream in her tea and it curdled   The server came back we told him what happened and no remarks.   As we said tried it again and doubt if we will ever return. The server was polite.So I been wanting to come here for quite some times and since my bf wanted seafood we decided to give this place a try . Walked in and got seated right away . There were a lot of people for a Wednesday night .
The menu here is very limited . So we've ordered the calamari and margherita flatbread for appetizers. The calamari was good but the flatbread i didn't like so much cause the bread tasted soggy . I've tried it at other place before and its so delicious . I ordered the steak and lobster mixed grill . My steak were juicy and delicious but I wished it was cooked a lil more because I did asked for medium well . It was more like medium rare . My lobster was delicious . The potatoes that came with my dish was undercooked so it didn't taste right . As for my bf he only ordered a side of lobster tail . Overall food was great just some certain stuff that needs to be fixed . 
Food service like other viewer said was true . I did have to wait some times for our food to come out . I was almost full by appetizers before our food even came out . So with that being said I didn't have any room to try dessert . 
Waitress was okay . Could of been a little more attentive .Used to be a good go to seafood place, but not now. Waiter was very nice but horrible. Never brought us bread, never really asked if all was okay or if we wanted another drink. Food was sub-par where it once was a few years ago. We have been there many times, but probably not again. Can tell management, training and the kitchen are not where they should be or used to be. Maybe why tables were only 1/4 full at 7:00 p.m. On a Friday night.I'm Very Pleased My Husband Chose To Celebrate Our Wedding Anniversary Here........ The Presentation Of Our Drinks Was Gorgeous, The Food Was Delicious, Ryan Our Server Was Very Accommodating and The Manager Nigel Stopped By To Check On Us & Introduce Himself & Not To Mention The Atmosphere At McCormick & Schmick's Was Awesome!~The meal was so so, service was better than other reviewers but this is not the reason why I am writing a review.  My family and I went to this location to celebrate Mother's Day yesterday, May 8th.  When we were on our way home my mother noticed that she didn't have her scarf.  I immediately called the restaurant to let them know that we left a scarf.  I instructed them to the exact table and server where the scarf would be.  I was on-hold for at least 15-20 mins.  I knew that the restaurant was packed so I waited patiently.  After various males answered the phone, because of ring backs, I was told that the scarf was found.  I had the man describe the scarf and low and behold it was my mother's scarf!  He said the scarf would be at the restaurant.  Hindsight being what it is, told me to ask my husband to swing back to get the scarf but we were almost home and traffic on chestnut and Walnut Street was terrible because of the construction of new buildings.  Believe it or not the crews were working yesterday and Chestnut Street at 15th was closed.  Well I digress, since they found the scarf I felt confident that one of my friends who works not more than a block away could pick up today.  WELP!  I was ABSOLUTELY WRONG!  Starting at 1pm today, May 9th, I have been on the phone with this location for at least 15 mins each time, in search of the scarf THAT is NOW, NO WHERE to be found.  You would say ehh it's a scarf, but I will beg to differ!!!!  My mother purchased that scarf on a shopping trip with her deceased mother.  The scarf cannot be replaced because we have tried to find another for other reasons.  When I spoke with the General Manager he was very nonchalant. I did NOT tell him the significance of the scarf and good thing because I think I would have been EXTREMELY more PISSED off than I am at this moment.  So why write this review you ask, well in my opinion if you are looking for a classy restaurant that serves EXCELLENT food and for BEAUTIFUL memories, I suggest you don't go here BUT go to Del Frisco's at 15th & Chestnut!  We have been to Del Frisco's multiple times but we figured we would give this place a try.....Sorry we did :-(We came here on a thursday nite, after a long plane ride.  The food was a BIG disappointment.  We've been to the Portland one and it was much better.
The grilled calamari appetizer was under cooked, it was still opaque and the "meditarrean" salsa did not have much flavor.  The wedge salad was the only thing that was pretty good, although how can you mess that up.  My salmon was over cooked, the side was roasted fingerling potatoes.  Not exactly earth shattering.  My husband had poached halibut and (forgot what the 2nd fish was) with saffron, truffle broth.  His fish was cooked to the correct degree, but there was not much saffron flavor, you can detect a little bit of truffle flavor.
Out waiter was nice BUT not very knowledgable at all.  He was not able to answer my questions about how the dished were prepared.  I would not go there again nor would I recommend it to anyone.I totally agree with most of the reviews in regards to the price, however, the food is excellent and of very good quality! The seafood is always fresh and quite tasty. I don't dine here too often, but when I do, I am never disappointed. This past time I went, the bill was like $200 for 3 ppl. Although, it was pricey, we all enjoyed ourselves and we recognized that this was a once in a while treat!! My favorite part this time was my drink. I had a regular cosmo, but it was really, really good. Nothing fancy but it had the right combination of ingredients and it was so good that we all ordered two of them. I tried the Sangria, but it was a fail, so I was sooo happy when I fell in love with the cosmo. All in all, we were all pleased and as always we will return for our yearly visit sometime in 2015.Rarely do I write reviews... but this was just beyond disappointing. For a chain "surf & turf" restaurant that's sandwiched between a few other chains, "Capital Grille," "Ocean Prime," and "Del Frisco's," this comes solidly in last place. So what did I have? A center cut rib-eye (mind you, I ordered the bone-in). Average, at best. Salt and pepper might be satisfactory for a "TGIFriday's" diner, but... I expect some type of care and inventiveness with my steak. Mashed potatoes -- (these might have been the worst I've ever had). They took my plate back to add cheese (they only had parmesan) and brought it back with "melted" cheese. The issue here is that the cheese (and potatoes now) all taste burnt -- I suspect beause they torched the cheese, although they claim it was put under a heat lamp. I know what gas and torched food tastes like... and It doesn't taste like food under a heat lamp. The "side" of vegetables (which comes with the steak) -- *sigh* let's be clear, 4 non-descript vegetables (lacking in color and flavor) does not make a side. My dish isn't brighter by their being there. In fact, it's made even sadder (because they're all that weird boiled/steamed and salted color). I didn't know what to do with them, so I took a bite and left them. The sauteed mushrooms -- compared to everything else, weren't bad. But they aren't something you should pay $10 for when you can go to Reading Terminal, grab some crimini's and do the same thing yourself.  Underwhelming doesn't begin to describe what I feel. Lastly, the Oyster's Rockefellar -- 5/10. I've had better, particularly if you've had them on the coast or in the South. If you're contemplating a steak dinner... go a block up to Capital Grille or a few blocks over to Del Frisco's or Ocean Prime.Man, I was going to actually give this place a 4 star but then at the end of the meal, we found a thick wire mixed into the rice... that could've definitely taken out a tooth... and it also makes me wonder how many health code violations this place has. Oh well, we were at the end of the meal and no point in complaining. And we didn't have an upset stomach so all was well...
Other than that the food was phenomenal. The fish were cooked perfectly right which is very tough and both fish we ordered (tilapia and branzino) had a very nice nutty crust. The shrimp scampi was very garlicky, just the way I like it.I expected the food to be a lot better & I had higher expectations since is is known for being a high end restaurant. I started off with oysters & I was disappointment since pieces of the shell were chipping off and a little bit got in my mouth. For dinner I ordered the chopped salad with shrimp - the menu says bacon & blue cheese come on it, however, the salad came with green olives. It's annoying when food comes with something that is not on the menu or when the servers doesn't mention anything! :( The green olives were chopped up too so it was very hard to enjoy my meal while eating around the olives. Overall, my experience was just OK and I probably won't be back again unless someone invites me. There are hundreds of great restaurants in the city that I would rather spend my money at.Five stars for the service, two and a half for the food.  My family had visited the DC location the week prior and had a decent meal. I was a little disappointed at the wine markups. Being in the industry I know what they're paying for bottles, and a 400-500% markup borders on criminal.  I ha ordered the filet mignon and ravioli for $22.95. In DC I received a 4oz portion of filet, this time it was 2-3oz. The service however was great, just like in DC. M&S has their service training down. Very impressive. Unfortunately, I've forgotten the name of our server, but she was amazing!I was only here for happy hour but I was rather pleased with my experience. A friend and I had drinks: I had some kind of spiked tea, not sure of the ingredients but it tasted great. It wasn't particularly heavy on alcohol, but that was fine by me. My friend had a few glasses of wine. We shared happy hour bites: pita and hummus (great, the pita was especially crispy and the hummus was flavorful and not dry), chicken quesadillas (adequate, not my favorite, but pretty tasty), and the shrimp tacos (whoa, these were the best thing of the evening). My only real con was it was a little drafty by the door, but it wasn't opening and closing too much.
I'm pretty excited to come back here some time soon and try the full menu.Pretty weird place. The location of the restaurant is right next to City Hall in dowtown Philadelphia. It has all the looks of a fancy restaurant, yet, it seems a bit gimmicky with their "Kids Eat Free" promotion as well as their "frequent diner club". Although they're not bad promotions it's just not something you'd expect from a restaurant right in the heart of Philadelphia. It seems as if they're really struggling for business.
The food was pretty good though. I had a steak with some roasted corn mashed potatoes. I was pretty happy with it and the rest of the food at our table seemed to thoroughly enjoyed. Service was highly mediocre as our waiter never even asked us if we wanted another round of drinks and then forgot on of our sides when our meals came out. We ended up never getting the fries either. 
Overall, just very disappointed. I expected a much better experience from a restaurant that is seemingly very popular.I'm really surprised that this place only got 3 stars. I went with my bf for lunch. We did the restaurant lunch week menu. 
For the appetizers, we did the Maryland crab soup. I didn't really like it. When the waiter served it, the soup was dripping. It looked as though, someone carelessly prepared the soup. It didn't look appetizing to eat and nor did it taste good.
For the entrees, we did the flounder and salmon. Both were delicious! I was expecting something really crumby after seeing how the soup was served / prepared. I'm typically not a big fan of fish, but the chef definitely did a good job there. Presentation and taste wise.
For dessert, we did the creme brûlée. I wasn't expecting to like it because I'm not a big fan of creme brûlée. I surprisingly ate most of it. It was loaded with 4 different types of fruits! Strawberries, blue berries, raspberries, blackberries! 
I didn't give it 5 stars because the waiter looked as though, he didn't want to be there and the soup wasn't that great. I would definitely come back again but hopefully, get a different waiter and skip the Maryland crab soup.Picked this place for a consistantly normal meal. WORST experience ever at this chain.  Not only does it smell like humid when you walk in but the staff sucks!  Sat at the high tops by the bar, took over an hour for water, shrimp and a soup.  Skip this place and go to capital grill across the hall or better yet order room service.We only stopped in on a Sunday for drinks but were very happy with our choice. Our bartender Randall (Randy) was amazing. He was very attentive, sociable and genuine. You could immediately tell that he loved his job and the company he worked for (Landry Select). He promoted the Landry rewards program which is amazing and mentioned all the restaurants and locations you could utilize. He was not selling just informing of the benefits. We had already been members for years from a Morton's Steakhouse visit but were not aware of all the locations and perks. Anyway, the drinks were good, not watered down and reasonable. They also have an amazing happy hour hour from 3:30 -7:00 PM M-F. You should definitely check them out, you will not be disappointed and if Randy is serving you or tending bar, it's a bonus!I feel like last time I was here I liked it a lot more. I got the mahi mahi and it was just meh, pretty flavorless. The mashed potatoes and spinach were also pretty average. Our table also had random black ash or something all over the tablecloth and instead of giving us a new table or table cloth they covered it up with a sad little napkin, so that was a bit odd. This is a good option to go with anyone who likes a 'nice' restaurant and seafood. I do remember their carrot cake was amazing. I still like this place but would expect more...The steak was the only thing that saved this dining experience.  We were seated almost a half hour after our reservation because they were too busy trying to work a larger group, the hostesses were condescending and extremely disorganized, our water glasses were filthy, our sides were cold and we waited a while after being served for steak knives so we could actually eat!!  Let them know we were celebrating a birthday- $200 bill and they didn't bother to put a candle on the cake.As a seafood lover, I was excited to try McCormick and Schmick's (this would have been my first time). We walked in and both the bar and restaurant were very busy... That's a good sign. There were open seats at the bar, so that's where we settled in. We waited for one of the two bartenders to acknowledge our presence... One of the bartenders moving glasses from under the bar, directly in front of us, to another location... He moved a bunch of glasses; he came back and moved another bunch... Four trips and he didn't even look up and say "good evening, I'll be right with you"... Nothing. We sat there for about 10 minutes and then we left... We ended up at the Capital Grille a few blocks away and had a great experience with great service. It was McCormick and Schmick's loss, not ours.
I checked out reviews of this location after that experience and noticed several recent comments about unpleasant customer service experiences... So, I guess, they're consistent.
This was my first night of my two day business trip in Philadelphia... My restaurant choice for my second night... I walked past McCormick and Schmick's, straight to the Capital Grille.There are just so many choices in City Center to eat, it is a challenge. My colleague and I chose this place since it was right across Broad St. from the Waldorf where we were staying. As chain restaurants go, it was satisfactory. I had the grilled blue fin tuna plate which was just 'okay'. I always think the M&S tries too hard to be upscale, but never really gets there. Given there are so many 5 star places to eat in a 6 block area here it is hard to compete I'm sure. So, the food was 'Meh', the atmosphere was nice I guess if you like to stare out at a bus stop with questionable pedestrians staring at your food while you eat (like Victor and Victoria where Julie Andrews stares through the glass at what the diners are eating...seriously, I'm not kidding here). Enjoy!Our waiter had to come to our table twice after we placed our order:  first, to tell us they were out of the tuna & then (after several in our party had to reorder), to tell us they were out of the mahi mahi. As a major, multi-million dollar chain SEAFOOD restaurant in the heart of center city Philadelphia, how you can run out of two major fishes on a Saturday night I will never understand... & therefore will never be back.
We were extremely disappointed, especially since many of us have had more than enjoyable experiences at M&S in other major cities. This is unacceptable from the management, for the patrons and servers alike. While the series of events was not our server's fault, he was forced to take the majority of our table's frustration.
The manager on staff did work with us & compensated us for some of our troubles, so I added another star for his acknowledgement of the problem.The hostess was friendly and made me feel comfortable. The bartender wasn't so friendly, my opinion I was prejudged. But once I ordered my drink and spoke, she too was welcoming. I ordered a double of bourbon (neat) along with mussels in white sauce and shrimp. The white sauce wasn't overbearing which gave the mussels a natural taste. The shrimp, no thanks but I'll know for the next time. Overall, I'm satisfied and would recommend you come with friends; not alone. LolAn overall great experience. The food was excellent with the service equally as good.
The menu choices were not huge nor were they overwhelming.
The slight downside was the portion sizes of the entrees but that allowed room for desert.Went here on a Monday for restaurant week. The restaurant was not busy but it took quite a while for our service to acknowledge our table. We started off with the calamari, which was delicious and had a zesty taste. Next we all order different options on the restaurant menu and all of the portions were a little smaller than expected and the food was ok not over the top delicious. It reminded me of a typical chain restaurant. I think there are plenty of more appetizing restaurants in the city that are better tasting, better portions for a more affordable cost.what a terrible experience! if i could give this crap no stars, i would! We were seated at 7:30p, and by the time our entrees came, it was 10:30pm - and they were cold and not what we ordered! The kitchen as chaos - the waiter was screaming at the chef, the food was bad. The only thing that was good was the wine -it's hard to screw that up! Don't waste your time going here!A must go to place to eat love it Seaford is the best dessert is good to very romantic atmosphere prices are reasonableI only give McCormick & Schmick's 5 stars because of the banquet coordinator, Johanna Blyth.  I called on limited notice to book an event for my Husband's Birthday and she managed to squeeze us in with a perfect dinner menu. 
Thank you, Johanna! You deserve a raise!!!Let me get straight to the point, a difference of maybe one or two dollars is the only reason it's considered "pricey."  The decor was fairly nice, but I wouldn't reserve this place for an over-the-top special occasion. The food was pretty good, but nothing spectacular.It was Christmas night and very busy. Even giving slack for that it was the worst service I can remember anywhere. After waiting over 1 1/2 hours after ordering our food was bad. Chicken was dried out and tasted like it had been under a light. We didn't see our waiter for 45 minutes and didn't see him with many other tables either. Just bad. Will never go back.First time I tried this chain was while working in Minneapolis at a business dinner and it was great.  The Philly version is just ok.  Menu isn't inspiring and food quality is average.  Service is hit or miss depending on staff's mood that day.Couldn't have been more disappointed. Gone is the Maryland crab chowder, the best thing on the menu. Gone also the pan fried whole deboned fish specials. My $12 Martini was oddly salty, like a dirty Martini would be. And WTF happened to bread service. No bread, no rolls, no nuthin'. And room temperature mashed potatoes from a box. 
This place is now a very expensive Red Lobster. Never again.The words.. the best meal i have ever had... or my last meal... are non trivial things to me.... Over dinner at Morimoto's in Philadelphia, a friend of mine, we will call him Joe, said.  "the best meal of my life was a chef's table at McCormick and Schmick's."  I was very much like, WTF, that is insane, we both travel allot and have been to tons of places, this couldn't be true....
So next time he arranged the chef's table, he was gracious enough to invite me....   
OMFG!  DOWN RIGHT THE BEST!  .. it's been 4 days, and i had a horrible couple of days, and still think about how good that meal was, it's my happy spot.
Please note: this is a chef's table, nothing is on the official menu, they knew we where coming for a month, and worked on a 6 course meal and wine pairing to DIE for... I GOT MY FINAL MEAL!
So the players where:
Chef's table - Todd B.
Sommelier / Bar Manager- Mike A.
Sever - Kirsten
The Set up:
Upstairs, in the back very private...
Meal - Wine
Moroccan Shrimp - gruner veltliner- winzer krems 2007 
Fenil and Pepper crusted Lollipop Lamb chops - chateau mont-redon - chateauneut du pape 2004
Mouth watering Scallops - gewurztraminer - Columbia winery 2007
Arugula Salad apple wine vinergette - marchese antinori chianti 2001
Lobster Thermidor - Dutton goldfield chardoney 2006
These meals are where amazing!  each better than the last, each described as to how and why they where made... AMAZING!
This meal was outstanding, the regular menu is good, but it makes you realize that we really hold back allot of the chef's in these chains.. if they could get creative... meals like this would be more common, and that would be awesome!My first time here & I enjoyed myself.  The atmosphere is very dim & romantic  (in my opinion). You do get bread w butter (soft easily spreadable too not the just out of fridge cold can't spread type). I don't like tap water so I always order bottled. The salads were ok (best salad I've had were at chart house) the crab cakes were ok as well. I've had better but I've also had worse. The green beans their served on could use a little more flavor but non the less good. 
The hot water in the bathrooms were scalding HOT steam came from the faucets. Their was a caution sign to warn you but who pays attention to that. Fingers were definitely burnt from that.
My only complaint was the $21 valet parking it's expensive but unless you want to park blocks away & walk this is pretty much the only option.To be honest, I'm really disappointed. Lights are kinda dark in the restaurant, pretty good for couple dating I'd say, but the food sucks, really doesn't worth it's price, I wouldn't say it's really that bad but it's only fair but extremely pricy compare to its quality, if you wanna go to somewhere fancy, it's not the place your looking forI have been here for lunch a few times. Service is ok food is forgettable the place seems a little run down. Don't think I will go back as there are many other quality spots in this part of the city. Ok spot for a business lunch but make sure you have plenty of time as service is pretty slow.I've had grilled rainbow trout with fruit salsa at the Bonefish Grill many times and love it. So, when I went to McCormick and Schmick's for a family dinner, that is what I ordered.  I can only describe it as Bland, Bland, Bland.  I'm glad I paid extra for the fruit salsa, as that was the only thing that that had any taste.  The mashed potatoes were totally nondescript.  The green beans were nothing special.  There is nothing worse than going out to eat, spending a lot of money, and knowing that you could have gotten it someplace else where it was both better and cheaper (and you didn't have to pay extra for the fruit salsa).  In fact, I could have made it at home much better.  The chef needs to learn how to use seasoning.
My sister had the Ultimate Mixed Grill and was not happy with that.
The cocktail was the only thing that was good.Came here with one of my friend's for restaurant week, and it was absolutely amazing! I enjoyed every single bite.. I had the swordfish with jerk sauce.. mind you this was my first time having swordfish and I must say I was highly impressed! My friend had steak and stuffed shrimp and she also enjoyed every bite. We had apple pie and ice cream for dessert. Our waiter ( Nick ) was really awesome! He was so nice to us and very patient, because we had so many questions about the menu because we've never been before! He checked on us regularly and was just great! If you ever go ask to be in Nick's section!! I'll definitely come back here again. It was absolutely amaThis place is awesome.The location and view is spectacular,it's right in the heart of the city across from historic city hall. Very convenient to have valet parking .  The food was very fresh and enjoyable . Our server was pleasant and made some good recommendations .Anyone on vacation in the city or just looking for good seafood this is a must!!Went for a friend's birthday. Had a private room. Waiter was average, somewhat humerus. Food was really good, but had food poisoning the next day :( Possible seafood overload. Would try again, but not too hastily.Service was horrendous. Was seated about 15 minutes after my reservation time (not too big a deal) but then after that my party waited an additional 20 minutes just to have our waiter come introduce himself and take orders for drinks. Food was good- I had the lobster bisque which I would definitely recommend, and one of the men I was with have me a bite of his steak which was delicious. Even though the food was good, it wasn't worth the price, especially since the service was awful.I mean the food is good, the staff is good, the service is good, and the atmosphere is good.  Everything is good, but good is about the only adjective I can use for everything.
What I'd really like to say about this place is that whenever my dad comes into town we ALWAYS have to eat here.  Come to think of it, he's got some sort of Mcormick and Schmick-dar for whatever major city we got to.  
The bottom line is no matter what, he pays, and I'm STILL not pumped on going here ever.  If that's not some sort of sign I don't know what is.This restaurant is not worth it! It is expensive and the food is not even worth the price we paid. The salmon was unflavored, the string beans were unflavored, we were told that the mashed potatoes were shareable and they were hardly enough for one person. The wait for the food was longer than any other restaurant I've been to, on top of the fact that since I've ate there my husband and I have been in and out the bathroom. Would not go back for free.I guess it's not a surprise, but this place falls squarely into the category of "mediocre masquerading as fine dining."  Drinks menu is inaccurate, there's not a healthy thing on the food menu, and everything is overpriced.  Parmesan crusted flounder was good but very greasy, as were the green beans it came with.  The "butternut squash orzo" that also accompanied the flounder sounded delicious, but was dry and had a weird flavor and tiny cubes of anemic-looking squash.  Lobster bisque was good but way too rich, and not worth $8.50 for a rather small cup.OH MY GOODNESS! This place is pricey! it's a good thing we went for restaurant week! Their food is extremely delicious and their waiters are very well trained. The food came our quickly, and we were never waiting for another drink. If you have the money to blow, I think this is a great place to eat. But for some of us that do not have that luxury, may be better off a MoriariotiesThe ambiance was very nice. My boyfriend and I had a private booth away from the "happy hour" regulars. The food was yummy, just wish the portions were bigger. 
Would definitely go back, just not on an empty stomachGood soup, appetizers, & bread.
Cold draft beer.
Nice warm environment with some room for improvement with the cleanliness of the decor, flooring, glassware, and utensils.
Average service, but friendly.
Greasy entrees.I haven't been to M&S in ages and tried their Bouillabaisse for the first time. Really excellent. Very flavorful, a little spicy, topped with grilled bread, loaded with fish, mussels, a few clams, and two giant Alaskan crab legs.
If you're meeting with a client, maybe you don't want to be getting your hands all up in it. Or maybe you don't care. The crab legs are not shelled because who wants pre-shelled Alaskan crab legs? 
(It's pronounced bwee-ya-bess and it's the french version of a seafood stew.)Took my wife and daughter for nice dinner thinking that this restaurant would fill her love of seafood and my love if steaks. We enjoyed some of the apps, however the calamari was either over cooked or under-seasoned and I would not recommend. However we felt salmon appetizer was delicious and worth a try. Next came soup which we enjoyed. Followed by the entrees which is where I believe they faltered a bit. My wife got the tuna which she wasn't fond of, and I the steak. The steak comes with a hard seat that almost makes it like charcoal, and I felt it under-seasoned. We would not recommend either of these. Finally the service was spotty and best. We had to ask multiple times for water for the table before we got it, bread never came, I was only offered one initial drink. All in all don't think I'll be heading back, for the money you kind of hope for more.Today was my first visit at McCormick & Schmick's, an upscale place in downtown Philadelphia. I did not get a chance to take a picture of the menu for yelp because I forgot, but I can say that each person should come and expect to spend at least $30. I ordered the salmon penne lunch entre, a decent size portion of food and it was great! The waiter was above average but the wait time for food was a little longer than expected. However, my overall experience at this restaurant was good. I do think that although being upscale, the prices can come down by a few dollars due to the other competition in the area that may be better and yet offer similar choices at cheaper prices.Nice environment and service, okay foodFelt like I was robbed with out a gun. Food was ok, way over priced! Although the menu stated a set price. The bill was itemized at "market price" ie: shrimp $4.50 , shrimp $4.50, shrimp $4.50 etc. 
dinner for two, 2 apps , 2 entrees and 2 drinks. A whomping $164.00 without tip!
Never again will I go there!We went out to dinner here one night during our trip out here for the Army/Navy. We had always heard good things about the food. We were somewhat diss appointment noted when my husband ordered a steak and it came literally charcoaled on one side but cooked ok in the middle. It clearly looked like someone forgot about it on one side. We are not picky... we did say something to our waiter once he came around LATE in the meal. He did see the charcoal one one side (it was literally Black)!and asked if he wanted another but he'd have to wait ... but because it was too late we said no. The Caesar salad was soggy too. There was no effort to make it right. We rarely saw waiter. What a bummer. The only bright side was the lobster bisque was outstanding. We cancelled our reservation for the second night and went to Maggianos instead. The service was outstanding!I visited McCormick & Schmick's during restaurant week - and the overall experience was just OK! I ordered the steak and crabcake. The steak was good but chopped up in little pieces (what). The crab cake was ok but small. The server wasn't to attentive, and she had no personality - but we still tipped her as well. Maybe restaurant week is not the time to go to some
restaurants. Oh yeah the desert was cheese cake w/blueberries. The cheese cake was almost still FROZEN - it should be served room temp w/2 fresh blueberries really!!!!!Food is mediocre and the prices are high. I enjoyed the oysters, but the fish and potatoes were not well prepared.
Also this location has been cited with numerous health code violations.
http://www.philly.com/philly/health/special_reports/clean-plates/Philly-puts-Cheesecake-Factory-on-notice-drops-suits-against-McCormick-and-Schmicks-and-Joy-Tsin-Lau-Dirty-Dining-Clean-Plates.html"E! THINK OF IT LIKE THE HOLOCAUST: NEVER AGAIN!" - Ari Gold. 
This is one sad McCormick & Schmick's. The crab cake entree was small, even for a lunchtime price. The Fish 'n chips were soggy. Bread pudding was unnecessary. The service was fine, but everything was just so sad this time around. I can't believe a M&S would be this turrible. I think we should've listened to my friend's uncle and gone to a steak restaurant.This is a perplexing restaurant. Initially, I thought McCormick and Schmick's was kind of classy in an antiquated way. The interior design reminds me of a yacht club. I was surprised that they had paper menus. Plastic sleeves are super cheap so I don't know why they would just give you a piece of paper, unsheathed. The service was wonderful, but our waiter was too nice...to the point of sounding servile. I know they are probably coached to speak the way they do, but the waiters all had this bizarre, affected way of speaking that made me feel uncomfortable. 
The seafood was decent. I really enjoyed the mussels. The lobster bisque was unexpectedly sweet and kind of tasted like pure butter after a few bites. There was a crostini with lobster meat in the middle that got really soggy and unappealing. My friend got the filet mignon and it was great. The façade made me think this place was a big deal but I am not really a fan.Been to several M&S's around the US - Chicago, Baltimore and I believe one in mid-west. Always been pleasantly served and enjoyed delicious food. 
Treated hubs and son to first trip to M&S in Philly and we had a great server, Mark Taco. He was patient, clear, kind, and genuinely a nice fella. Highly recommended that you stop on in and request his section. 
Not only was the service outstanding, the food was superb. Really really enjoyable. We had shrimp cocktail, pricey but worth it. Calamari, which melted in your mouth and was delicious. Md crab soup, very good! But the best app we had was the tuna tartar and tuna sashimi - out of this world! The tuna tartar was atop an avocado chunky base, with a ginger lime sauce on the side. Superb. Some of the best I have ever had. Knocked hubs fork out of the way for more! :)
Hubs had stuffed flounder which I took a bite of - delicious! I had the sole with scampi atop and a side of asparagus. Very good! We ordered a side of cauliflower which was so well done. There was no shortage of gastronomical happiness at our table tonight    
Highly recommended.Parking is TERRIBLE.  It took forever to be served and  when the food finally arrived...wasn't great. 2 salads one Chicken  and one Salmon Cesar salad...salmon/chicken  wasn't seasoned. 
We were visiting from NYC and when we return to Philly we will not be visiting this restaurant.
I do not recommend.The food was meh. The service was meh. The place overall reeks of meh. Our food took forever to come out. The place was empty when we arrived and empty when we left...it just seemed kind of odd. The food was ok. We ordered a pasta and salmon dish and a burger. It was ok nothing mind blowing. When we were done with the main course, the waitress came out and put the check on our table without asking us if we wanted coffee or dessert (although she did later ask). I ordered a cappuccino and well all I can say is carry some Imodium or Pepto...cause I was definitely doing the "Ya Pepto Bismol" dance on the way home.When the food did come the orders were wrong. The silverware and dinnerware was dirty. The restaurant has begun a decline that I am not certain it can recover from. 
If the review is doubted take a look at the restrooms before you sit and place your orders. 
The restrooms looked as if the they hadn't been serviced since the lunch service.When I was living in Providence, RI, my best friend used to tell me how happy hour at M&S was friggen awesome.  Well, I wonder if it's just that I'm not in New England anymore, I'm a lot older now, or my tastes have changed but Philly's M&S's happy hour is just ok in taste (the prices are really a deal).  The fish tacos were yummy at $1.95 a piece but the Philly Cheese Steaks were disappointing.  The cheeseburger was ok as was the Pecan Crusted Catfish Bites.  
I'm sure the 10 under $10 deal is awesome for lunch.  I should come back and try this place for a proper dinner.  They have quite an extensive raw bar as well.  The place is enormous and the atmosphere is very laidback in the bar area, which is very spacious as well.  Cool place to hang out after work or after a very long and arduous week in law school.Stop in for restaurant week , they have valet parking which was very convenient . Our waitress was very polite and friendly.. I ordered a patron margarita which was pretty good . The food was really small portions for restaurant week and it was just OK not outstanding but OK cool atmosphere though..Went for Thanksgiving dinner as they offered their full menu as well as a reasonably priced turkey dinner special. Service was extremely spotty. We were in no hurry but there were 3 to 4 times that we were searching for our waiter who was nowhere to be found. I ordered the shrimp and andouille mac & cheese expecting nicely grilled shrimp, chunks of andouille, macaroni in a cheese sauce. I got a large bowl of rigatoni noodles with a nice cheese sauce.  The andouille bits were miniscule and it took me a while to find the bland baby shrimps.   I believe if a seafood restaurant is going to use baby shrimp they should specify that on the menu. Two of our party had steaks which were good. We also ordered a couple sides of mashed potatoes. It would have been nice if the waiter told us that each side would feed at least 2 to 3 people as they are enormous.  The not hot stale coffee at the end of our meal was the final nail as it took over five minutes for a replacement.  I realize it must be difficult to fully staff on a holiday but they should limit the amount of reservations if they don't have enough waiters/kitchen help that day.For my birthday instead of going to Ruth Chris I decided to make reservations at McCormick & Schmick's. Been to this location before. I ordered the iceberg wedge $8.50 and ultimate mixed grill $36.50. My friend had a cup of clam chowder $6.50 and steak & lobster $35.00. We both agreed that the food at best was average. Entree's are served on very large plates but you get very little food portions. I did get a free dessert for my birthday, if that counts.
Our waiter Jeff said their weekly happy hours are pretty good. Reasonable appetizers and drinks.I have nothing but good things to say about the happy hour here! It's an early one (3:30-6pm), but I would highly recommend it especially if you're hungry because there are some good food deals. My friends and I split the calamari as an app, and it was delicious. There were also a few fried veggies in there for good measure. Two of my friends ordered burgers, which were full-sized and came with fries for only $4! The waitress also let them substitute the rosemary for regular fries, and those were great. I ordered the fish tacos, which were a little bland but ok. I think I might try the mussels or firecracker shrimp the next time I come. Drink prices were reasonable, and our waitress was very friendly and never seemed annoyed that we lingered even though the place was pretty busy. I would just recommend that you try to get here early because you can only get the specials in the bar area, and there aren't that many tables.I am a chef traveling with Cirque Du Soleil and travel a lot for work and have eaten at Mccormick and Schmicks all over and never disappointed until now. A friend and I had been out sight seeing all day. We were seated and the server argued with the hostess about taking the table. Like it wasn't his turn to take a table. It took him five minutes to come back with water. There were four servers on and only four tables occupied in the dining room. No reason to take so long for a drink order. I ordered diet coke with lime and got a lemon. Ordered a second one got another lemon. No biggie I just drank the soda. Next I ordered the oysters Rockefeller. It was cooked fine but had zero flavor. No pernod flavor at all. Pattern beginning to develop. My entree was the 20 oz dry aged ribeye with a side of bordelaise sauce. Got my food and put the suace on my steak and it was not bordelaise it was szechuan asian sauce. Im allergic to soy sauce so that wasn't going to work. I told the server it wasn't the right sauce and he said it was. I asked him to take it back and ask the kitchen staff to check it and he came back said I was right and apologized for the mistake. They make me a new steak and while I wait he asks me if I would like something to munch on I said yes could I have my side of potatoes I ordered. Manager comes by and apologizes. Cool ok alls well. Got my potatoes luke warm by the way and steak comes out 10 minutes later with the right sauce this time. Cut the steak I originally ordered rare it was medium to medium well and tough. A tough overcooked dry aged steak! Im so aggrevated at this point I pass on dessert and ask for the bill. I get the bill and not only was the bill not adjusted for the mistake they made I was charged for a second side of potatoes they offered for me to munch on while they made my second steak. Wow. $87 bucks for a horrible dining experience.This place should not even be called a restaurant. The quality of the soup I got here was the same as at any average supermarket. The main dish consisting of chicken with mashed potatoes had not a single fresh vegetable on the plate. Instead it had some tomatoes and artichokes out of a jar. The soup was also prepared using canned ingredients. My general impression was that they just did not know how to prepare quality food. This comes as a surprise at the prices they charge. They could just take a note of the Capital Grill right across the street - excellent food and service there every time. Dessert was also like out of a supermarket but not a very good one.
Also the service was extremely slow - close to two hours for a meal without dessert. I ended up taking the dessert that was not worth taking with me.I was participating in a scavenger hunt with GPHA and my team dined here. Although we had a set menu, my food (salmon w/ mashed potatoes and string beans) were all cold. The salad was ok and the desert (Creme brûlée) was good enough. The waitress were friendly and tended to our table frequent enough.foods are not good, filt is burned, new york strip is not fat enough. What's more, I order a medium new york strip but severed by a medium rare one, blood goes everywhere. The side dish  mushroom is also tastes not good. We returned filt and mushroom, and finished new york strip is just because I'm starving!Overpriced. The waiter was a gentleman, but the Maitre d' was rather rude. I overheard him complaining about the size of our party. The steak I had was tough and was not a particularly generous cut for the price.  I was with a large party, and the reviews were decidedly mixed. No one raved about the food. The atmosphere was pleasant. But, overall, it isn't worth the price.AMAZING happy hour. The drink specials are awesome and there are some pretty good deals on food also. Our group had a variety of drinks (their version of a Long Island, margaritas, whiskey sour) and everything was delicious. I also tried the chicken quesadilla which I enjoyed. I would definitely recommend this place for a drink after work if you're in center city.This review is solely for the happy hour they offer from 4pm -6:30pm Monday - Friday. None of the dishes were more than 6 dollars, they had everythings from burgers to calamari. We had the potstickers, black mussels and calamari, I also had a mojito. The food was good but it wasnt great, it was average. The calamari was just that, lightly battered and friend ,no special seasoning even though it wasnt chewy it had a nice texture. The mussels were cooked right as well but it was nothing that knocked me off of my feet. And Ive had better potstickers at a local sushi spot.
Overall the experience was good but  for a great happy hour for the same prices I would always recommend Sampan just a few blocks away. If you want American finger food then this is the place.The Mojito was good, they didnt  get cheap with the mint but it was more sweet than alcohol.My wife and I haven't been to this location in several years, so we decided to visit for Valentine's Day. There was a Valentine's Day special for a bottle of champagne for $60 (usually $95) which we did not get. Our server Nate was very attentive and engaging.  We got both the sangrias to start and the crab tower as an appetizer.  For our main course, we split the Wild Isles Organic Scottish Salmon which was broiled and was excellent. To end the meal, we split the chocolate silk cake.  $90 including tip and we enjoyed the solid meal and not super loud atmosphere.  You can't beat the convenient location next to City Hall.  I look forward to returning for our next special occasion.The food is amazing. Loved everything my tablemof four ordered. 
1. Lobster bisque- the best I have ever tasted. 
2. Ribeye- cooked to perfection 
3. Ahi- very good and tasted fresh 
4. Chicken crusted parm- very good for a Non steak eater 
Service....quite terrible. I understand it was busy but Eeks! It slowed down and still had bad service with an attitude. We ordered a bottle of wine (a pretty expensive one), and it took at least 20 minutes to come out. When it finally came out she couldn't open it and had to go grab a different opener. 
Food took a long time to come out. We even had to inquire about it. Turns out they were out of one of the fish dishes one of us ordered so she did not put in our orders and waited to tell us. 
My soup came out as a cup as opposed to a bowl that I ordered. She said nothing to remedy the situation. I ordered another cup and was charged for that full price. As opposed to a bowl which I ordered in the first place (2.00 cheaper). Yes, it's only $2 but it was the point of it all. 
We also noticed that all the other tables had bread so we finally asked for bread which ended up going great with my soup. But I kind of thought that would be assumed that we would get it. 
So overall, absolutely loved the food but for the price I would not go back just because of serviceCame here for lunch and boy was it a disappointment. Ordered the crab soup which was a bit smaller than expected but all in all wasn't anything to complain about. Wasn't great either, but I figured it's just a first course.
The main was where we had a problem. She got the burger which not only was way overcooked for medium rare, but also completely flavorless. The tuna I got suffered from the same problem, zero flavor, might as well have ordered sashimi, which I do love typically, but the wasabi mashed potatoes on it were not doing it for me.
Dessert was what it was, cheesecake and a chocolate cake that was dry and left a lot to be desired.
Ultimately, I was pretty frustrated with the experience. The service was good which I won't complain about, they were prompt and handled volume well. But, while I'm usually one to finish my plate to completion and have never posted a review on Yelp before, I felt it was necessary to warn others before they too have an unfortunate experience like myself.
I expected more and unfortunately, I was mistaken to have done so.Despite the late hour they welcomed us warmly with excellent service & delicious food. The steak Oscar was tender, juicy & cooked to perfection.  Real mashed potatoes, crisp asparagus and the best salad wedge completed the meal. We're  so glad we went there! They are definitely the friendliest and finest dining in Philadelphia.We came with a party of 16 for a work dinner. We eat out as a group often and never seem to have an issue with service. Actually the service is usually better with our large group. Tonight was not the case. 
The waitstaff seems to lack basic training. And the communication between the bar and the floor is poor. Literally took us 30 minutes to get a drink from the bar. 
We ordered a bunch of appetizers and they all come out cold. 
- bacon wrapped shrimp -COLD
- Mussels - peanut sized - COLD
- Calamari - rubbery -COLD
- Flat Bread Pizza- COLD- but really good.  
I ordered the lobster bisk and it didn't taste fresh like it had been made today. It tasted like it came from a box and it had been diluted with water , and oil had been added for consistency. It wasn't very good at all. 
We arrived here at 6:45 and didn't receive out entree until 8:15 no lie. We were about to leave and the server said they were plating our meals. We should have left because the entrees were awful. Everything was so sloppy looking and the steaks were all burnt and over cooked as well as the fish. Seems like they rushed everything. I took one bite of my stuffed flounder and couldn't continue it was disgusting. 
There are too many great steakhouses in the area. Try Mortons. I would have rather went to Cheesecake Factory instead. Terrible experience.The atmosphere is very nice... the staff are friendly- and the food was perfect.... we were here for a birthday celebration... I had a Dochi Sangria.. it was very good No special were offered - I thought most places had them - but the menu had lots of great choices - the steak was done perfectly and my stuffed shrimp was delicious- no crab shells to be found. I could have eaten a double portion. The only complaint is our waitress was slow- pleasant but very slow- our drinks weren't Refilled and we weren't offered bread - she gave us our check without offering us dessert- ( it was a birthday celebration)- maybe she was newly hired ???the quality and preparation of the food out weighed  the inattentive waitress and we didn't want to complain on a celebration day- she was very attentive to a larger party she was waiting on... but I would highly recommend and plan on returning soon as I joined their select club-looking forward to itWe were excited to celebrate our anniversary in downtown Philly and thought this restaurant would suit the ambiance, good food, great service and special attention to detail that we were looking for. We were greatly disappointed. Although we added a note in OpenTable about our anniversary, when we checked in, the hostess said nothing nor asked if we were celebrating any special occasion. It took a while before our server checked in with us to see if we wanted drinks and did not provide any recommendations nor evening specials without being asked. I noticed other servers in the restaurant that had great demeanors and were jovial in attending their patrons; our server hardly said any words and even had an attitude like she did not want to be there, much less, waiting on us.  The mojito that I ordered tasted sub-par and mostly like soda water. The server did not take our orders correctly - I had asked for a salad with no cheese and when the salad was brought out, it had no Parmesan but certainly had an asiago crust on it; when asked if that was cheese, the server said - oh, I thought you just did not want Parmesan (not even giving me a choice earlier) and then my husband asked for additional crab meat with lemon butter sauce on his steak and the server said - oh, I didn't write that down. She offered halfhearted apologies but you could tell that she didn't want to accept any responsibility. By that time, I had such a bad taste in my mouth about the restaurant, based solely on the service, that I don't think anything could rescue the dinner after that and I now understood why the restaurant was half empty on a Saturday night.  Unfortunately, we will not be returning to this restaurant.Service was very slow, they were not prepared for our party. Many dinners were not able to be eaten, very poor dining experience.I've eaten here twice.  Was super impressed the first time about 3 years ago, and was left feeling lackluster and disappointed during my recent last visit.
The food was still as good as I remembered, but I'd forgotten how pricey it is.  I'm happy to shell out for good food, but after the unbelievably slow service I didn't feel like my check was justified.  It took 45 minutes for our dinner order to be taken.  45 minutes.  They weren't even slammed. 
I wouldn't go here again on my own volition.I'd love to review the food, but after sitting here for half an hour, we haven't even seen water. I won't be back. I really don't care what my food tastes like at this point... I only hope that our food arrives within the hour.
I also don't think I buy that a meal can't be made cheese-less... What kinda tomfoolery is that?My experience here was short of horrific! Poor service and a not so caring management. Do not waste your money!!!We went there on a Saturday evening without reservations and were seated immediately (party of 2). Place wasn't packed, just moderate crowd. Ambiance is similar to most steakhouses: dark, dim lighting, leather seats etc. Our waiter was knowledgeable and courteous. The filet mignon was good. The lobster bisque was really good, especially with their house bread. I highly recommend it. We also got calamari which was a huge portion size, but it was deceiving b/c they also had vegetable tempura mixed in there. I ordered their only burger on their dinner menu which was cooked correctly and tasted average. It came with a side of house made potato chips. Overall, good experience, good food. Nothing amazing here.I had the Seafood Rigatoni. It was soooo good. The customer service was awesome, my waiter was pleasant and made us feel welcomed. Mom ordered the fried shrimp. Their ice-cream is delicious and one scoop was enough for me. It was garnished with mint and raspberry.Wow, this restaurant is great!! Hosts & managers were friendly, bartender Keith was awesome, and our server Mike was just fabulous. My family & I all had different items from appetizers, entrees and desserts and EVERYTHING was perfectly cooked - not to mention DELICIOUS! Thank you for an awesome night out, we will definitely be back.Awful service. We sat down at the bar to watch the soccer game and asked for the game to be put on. After being ignored the bartender finally handed us the remote and said that he didn't know what channel it was on. We couldn't get the remote to work and pull up channel guide. So we left. It was just an indication of the bad service we would have had. Its Sunday July 10th around 3:45 pm. I hope the bartender gets fired. He sucks and is rude.M&S does brunch?! And what an amazing brunch it was! D and I went yesterday for Easter and had a great time. This was our waiters first time working Brunch and our first time attending M&S for brunch - so it was a bit comical watching our waiter attempt to recall all of the sides and nuances for each dish. But he did a great job and had a good personality. I had a Bloody Mary and D had a Mimosa - they count as a serving of fruit / vegetable, right?! I was disappointed that the Brunch menu had ZERO CRAB options and also mildly annoyed that the only seafood on the Brunch menu were shrimp and salmon. So I settled for Filet Mignon and Eggs and D got the pancakes and bacon. Brunch came with a fruit salad, assortment of breakfast breads, entree, and dessert. The fruit salad was okay, some of the fruit was not ripe and not very tasty. The breakfast breads were outstanding - cinnamon swirl, apple turnover, blueberry muffin, and a nut strudel. Then came the STEAK! It was out of this world! D seemed to like his pancakes - but I was too into my filet to really care! Holy [insert expletive here] the steak made up for all the earlier foibles! I will definitely be going back - especially now that I know they serve brunch every Sunday! Hopefully there will be a dish with crab soon!Food was average, comparable to Out back steak House. Service was horrible!! My dad ordered a steak medium/rare and was served a steak well done. The steak took the entire time it took the rest of my family to eat our Christmas meal and then was told to be satisfied with them comping a meal my dad did eat or order. Will never go back again!! Spoke with the manage twice who who demonstrate a lack of empathy or interest in ever earning our business again! #PhillyLocationThis is an extremely fine establishment. I do not know why this is not a five-star restaurant and do not charge more money? I got there right before happy hour and the place was empty. Within 30 minutes the place was packed. I had a delicious meal with a house Cabernet. The asparagus were only a mere five dollars extra. They were as delicious as the steak that I had ordered. Very very friendly and a tremendous buy. 
   Maybe people want to spend more money on places that offer fine dining! I however, just want a delicious meal and a nice wine and that makes me happy!My girlfriend and I decided to give this place a try last week, she is a big seafood lover and I.. well I dabble in shellfish and a few other but do not consider myself a big seafood eater. 
Anyways, we started off with calamari, which was extremely good. Probably the highlight of the meal. Tender, not chewy and fried very well. The bread served along with the meal had pretty much no taste at all.
 I had a NY Strip steak which was decent, nothing special and she had a swordfish and crab cake combo. I did get a chance to try her drab cake which was decent. 
Their bar does offer free squeezed fruit juice with cocktails, which is a nice touch and hard ti find her in Philly. Overall the meal was OK, but for the reputation and the location of this restaurant I expected a little more.Best clam chowder large chunks of clam and very flavorful .  Flash fried oysters best I have ever had.  Craving more as I sit in my hotel roomI enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was good..but the 2 stars goes towards the expensive price for the not-anything-special meals.  The thing to get is obviously the seafood, but even this wasn't anything I'd go back for.  The appetizers are small and pricey, so consider this when ordering them to share.  2 stars = I wouldn't go back, there are better restaurants for the same price or less.I was able to try this place for the first time for Philly restaurant week.  I ordered ordered the parmesan-crusted flounder with the crab soup and NY style cheesecake.  The entree was fantastic.  I loved the crust on the filet and the rice it came with was very good.  The soup itself was nothing special.  It did have real crab in it but it was not lump crab.  Not sure if it came from a can or was boiled fresh from the creature.  The cheesecake was the same as any other cheesecake slice out there.  I would come here again.  It is very convenient as it is right off the subway, directly across from city hall.  The decor was fancy with the wood walls and lots of wine.  I was not a fan of the lighting as it was a bit dark.  The table I was sitting at (in a booth) was a not level and would tilt when you leaned on it.  Otherwise, the place is a pricey seafood joint that I would like to visit again.A disaster of a Christmas meal.Filthy floor undeneath our table, dirty tissues. Outside of water glasses encrusted with gunk. One filet cooked as ordered but minimal flavor and gristle. Second steak, a ribeye burned past the medium ordered, unrecognizable as a piece of meat. For the price, AVOID!I've been to numerous other locations. This one is awful. The bar is the problem. Have yet to dine in the dining room. The service in the bar is slow, disorganized, and plain ole bad. If it wasn't for other McCormick's I wouldn't even have bothered coming.  I will only return to dine in the dining room. The bar service is awful.
The servers in the bar move at a snail's pace whether it's packed or slow.  They don't complete tasks.  They are very condescending in demeanor (huge no-no for a server).  They disappear frequently (weirdly enough it's never to retrieve your food because some other stuff members do that). Everything you've ever experienced about bad service is all wrapped up in this one environment.  I really hope they overhaul this area in the very near future.To be honest we were really looking forward to this place before our trip to Phillie, but left with less than what we imagined. While our wallets were lighter, unfortunately our stomachs felt similarly.  
It was a long wait for a table so when we went in we decided to eat at a table in the bar area. Therefore, i cannot really comment on the atmosphere of the dining area. We were taken pretty good care of by the bartender and only a couple times did I feel like I was really waiting for something. 
The gluten free options are okay, they have a few different items on their menu that qualify. The servers though were not really aware or informed when I asked any questions, the deer in headlights look has become quite common for me during this last year of being gluten free. Regardless, a steakhouse should be a pretty easy place for a g-free individual to navigate even without help. 
I ordered the crab appetizer which was my favorite thing I had here. It was pretty affordable and tasty. It was also quite pretty, pictures have been uploaded. The steak and lobster however, was highly disappointing for all of us. Three of us got the steak and lobster which was naturally, pricey. The sad part was that it looked as though one steak had been prepared and then sliced and divided amongst our plates..with one of my coworkers getting the last couple pieces. I had four or five pieces, one coworker also had a similar amount  and the last one had two or three pieces. Firstly, I had never seen a steak plated this way and second, well.. I just don't ever want to see it plated that way again. The lobster was also way over done. But I'll give credit where its due, the steak bits I received were cooked perfectly, and tasty. 
While my co-workers devoured all the bread in the basket to makeup for the lack of nom on their plates, I just had to watch them and envy their tolerance of the gluten... cause I too would have loved to nom some bread. 
So in short.. if you go, get the crab appetizer. If you want steak and lobster, you're better served at Outback, and your wallet will be better off as well.Went to the Center City Philadelplhia location and it was a gret experience.  The seatin was great, we were by the front windo and had a view of the city street.  The food was very flavorful, expensive but very flavorful.  I had the Mahi Mahi which was very flavorful.  I liked the food and the service and the location and the vibe of this place.Had a very favorable experience at their Boston restaurant a few years ago, so popped in for lunch (after an appointment) downtown;  Place seemed quiet for a weekday @ lunch time, sat at the bar.
Having been a waitress/bartender myself in upscale resorts for over 20 years, it was apparent that the "single-lady" stigma is alive and well here, as both the guys behind the bar were quite reluctant to even greet me.  
Ordered Oysters on the half for a starter; one was sour and one was, literally, a runny mush.   It was quite obvious.   Politely showed it to the bartender who had taken the order, and he really couldn't have cared less. 
He was more concerned with wanting to sell a $14.00 bowl of soup. 
What was most disconcerting about this visit was the manner in which the other employee behind the bar, who wouldn't even make eye contact with me, proceeded to fall all over the gentleman who would sit next to me.   I don't know, they must be allergic to smiles or something.  
When I decided to nix the next course and asked for the check instead, the bartender serving me acted surprised but finally perked up in promoting the M&S Card which affords whatever "benefits" to frequent diners or what-have-you.   No thanks.  All I ask of a restaurant is cleanliness; decent food; and hospitable, if even semi-trained, service.  
SO, MEMO to Management & those bartenders at this establishment:
Tourist traps and gimmicks don't wash with the locals -- we are not a "captive audience".    Way to screw yourselves out of (my standard) tip $$ as well LOL.
The decent drink was the only reason you saw any tip.omg i LOVE LOVE LOVE the food here!! the food is just unbelievable GOOD! i never had seafood the way i do here! I LOVE IT! the only thing though,youll definitely break your wallet just eatin here. this is definitely for the upscale high rollers spot for fine dining. but omg i love the seafood! it was soo good!! i want some now!! lol i had the crab and shrimp bites i think for appetizers, omg THE BEST! yuummyyy!!
and i also had scallops with that cheesy rice that they make, omg THE BEST EVER!! it was sooo good that the 2nd time i went i asked for salmon but with that same rice and they did it for me :) so nice! the waiters and waitresses are definitely well mannered and acting professionally, they deserve all that tips from the high hollers. hahah! the dessert?!!? omg EVEN BETTEr!!! cuz they got this great dessert where you get 3 lil ones of creme brulee and some other stuff, but as long as theres creme brulee, i will fall in love with the place!! and it was just superb! i will go definitely go there again...when i find some new high roller friends hahah.This establishment does not deserve a -1 (that is minus one).  Arrived around 8:45pm, left at 10:01pm.  Did not get to eat at all.  Couldn't  get waited on even after one of the managers intervened.  Not a piece of bread delivered to the table.  Simply awful service.  Can't  speak about the food, never got the opportunity to try any.  Will not see me again EVER!!!The service at this restaurant was one of the worst I have ever experienced.  On a slow Tuesday night, was over 45 minutes before the waiter took our order, then another 30 minutes before we received our drink order.  Entrees finally arrived after 2 full hours.  Again, this was on a slow night.  Food was good, not exceptional, but overpriced.  I would not be surprised to see this place go out of business, if this is their normal level of service.Dinner here was awesome. I had the blackened mahi mahi. Plenty of options for a pescatarian. Nice location. My only complaint was that the yuengling on tap was warm...both glasses.The food is extremely delicious, one of the best meals i've had, but the portions are quite small. We started off with the coconut shrimp with thai sauce, which was quite good, except that i paid 10 dollars for only five shrimp. For dinner, i had the steak and stuffed shrimp, which was fantastic, but not too filling. the 9 ounce steak and 3 jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab cake cost 26 bucks, and left me satisfied but still hungry. My girlfriend got the trout, which filled her up enough to satisfy her, but i felt like we could've gone for more food.
Our service was okay, nothing special. It was Valentines weekend, so i assume our waitress was just busy. No complaints about the service though. 
Basically, don't go here if you're really hungry, but the food is top notch.The service was great and we did not have to wait for a table.  The food was pretty good.  The place was empty but it was a Sunday.  Prices are pretty highMy Crab Mentality
Lent is over and yet I found myself ordering McCormick and Schmick's Crab Cake Sandwich. Again.  
This light bulb moment actually hit me mid-bite.  I looked at my platter, pushed it away (to stop me from pigging out), and stopped to ponder.  Even for just a bit... there must be something about this crab cake that I've eaten about 4 of them in a span of less than 2 months... interesting...
As a firm believer of "Seek and ye shall find" I found myself applying this to my romance with food.
I know there is that one place out there that can make the best ... whatever.  And when I find that place, it takes a very strong persuasive arm twisting for me to order it somewhere else!  
For example, I only drink Cosmo at Beau Monde.  The last time I had Cosmo?  About 2008...
Potato gratin?  2005 at Portofinos...
I will only eat paella at R2L.  This is a very recent discovery.
I've long given up on crab cakes.  You can't blame me; I've been to multiple "one night stands" and daytime "quickies" with crab cakes since 2004!  My husband loves them so I always tried his crab cakes and decide its blah!  He drove me to Baltimore for a lunch at Phillip's to make me like crab cake.  Average.  I did finish the meal- the first time I ever finished a crab cake ensemble.  My mom whispered "because it came with rice."  She's probably right. 
So now I am asking myself - what's with McCormick's crab cake?  Once again, I pushed away the bun and the garnish to try JUST THE CRAB CAKE.
It looks like a typical good quality crab cake - you can see the texture of the crab meat in the patty.  Slightly browned in the outside - seared is more like it. 
And then the bite - it is moist and it taste...FRESH!  That's it.  IT IS FRESH!  Never been canned!  And the seasoning is almost non- existent!  Crab meat is very delicate, with a beautiful, subtle taste - if overly seasoned, gone is that majestic ocean taste.  I know this because I grew up shelling and eating the real thing.  Growing up, we use to get these knocks on the door at 4 a.m. from fishermen bringing my dad sack loads (I'm not exaggerating) of freshly caught giant crabs.  We didn't season them; we just tossed them in a giant wok with oil until they were orange.  McCormick's crab cake is barely seasoned!  I don't know this for a fact but it sure tastes like it.  They know how to celebrate fish and honor it with less manipulation.   And I think this is how they captured my heart (which is in my stomach) - that subtle delicate flavor of the ocean (I can almost smell it now) and then the nostalgia that it brings.  I did not even realize it until I stopped and thought about it.  Sometimes when good food brings back memories of childhood that are cherished, this brings out the best in a critic. : )
And by the way, McCormick's squeezed to order lemonade is heaven on it's own.  Not to mention, the service is grand!  My favorite:  the English server who says "that is fantastic!" I can almost hear her! : )
-end-So where do I begin with this restaurant...last night was my birthday dinner with family and friends so I was expecting the best from this place especially since I have been trying to get for like ever... Not the case at this place...firstly I had an 8:00 reservation and by the time we all got our food it was damn near 10.  And when we got it it was cold and tasteless...as a patron u should not be able to touch my plate when my food is brought to me. Big no no! Secondly I ordered a coffee and that was cold and horibble and my old fashion was weak. My husband ordered steak which came out rare when he asked for well done, they where out of at lot of food choices and the subtitutions were prepared horribly, only saving grace from this night was the head chef Lynnwood personally correcting all of our orders himself. I think this restaurant is making a mistake by getting rid of him. I wish I could have posted a picture of my first plate vs the plate that Lynnwood made because you can tell the care that was take in preparing our meal. Also our sever Alicia was very apologetic to the situation and accommodated us tremendously. So in a nutshell I WILL NOT be a repeat patron of this restaurant unless they redo the kitchen staff and keep Chef Lynnwood or get Gordon Ramsey!One of the worst dining experiences ever.  You can really feel that they cut corners everywhere.  
Restaurant was more than half empty but they are minimally staffed.  Waitress was overworked and you have to ask for everything after hounding her down.... everything!  more water, new plates, bread....  I felt bad.  
Soup came out cold.  Was afraid to send it back... it felt like a place they might get upset if you do so.  
Calamari was half filled with cheap vegetable fry fillers.  Mussels were the smallest I have ever seen.  They were out of both salmon and mahi mahi.  Told me that they didn't get delivery yet.  Which means everything else they actually have must be old.  Tuna was the tiny portion and bland.  Stuff shrimp was okay but the sides was like prison food.  Fish Taco was probably the best dish, but hard to screw that up.
All of it felt like some cheap buffet food at best.  Most diners have better food and service than this place.    
And the worst part... It is expensive.  
Do not go.  This place needs to close down and make room for something better.We were here for a work gathering.  The food was good, but for a party of about 20, service was pretty slow.  Don't skip dessert!I've never been to a McCormick & Schmick's before, and I was happy with the experience overall. We came early and got sat right next to the window with a great view of the street. Location is great if you're coming on the train or want to look around the city afterwards. 
Other reviews mention bad experiences with the food, but my choice was exactly what I wanted. Flavorful chicken and fish, really fluffy potatoes, and a tasty dessert of creme brûlée with fresh fruit on top. Maybe because we were pretty much the first reservation of the day, but we were served promptly with fresh, hot and flavorful food. Would come again if there was a restaurant week, pre fixed meal or something with friends! Also maybe happy hour.The food portions are horrible. I went during restaurant week and my steak and shrimp meal was equivalent to eating a hot pocket. So I payed about $60 for a meal for a toddler. They advertise is as $35 a meal. 
Will never go back.Came here for Restaurant Week. I ordered the Shrimp Bisque, Flounder stuffed with crab meat, and the Candied Walnut Apple Pie.
The Shrimp Bisque wasn't special. The shrimp had a weird consistency. 
The Flounder was absolutely delicious! The fish was perfectly cooked and the sauce that came with the dish was very light. It was paired with the fish perfectly. 
But the very best was the dessert. Talk about an experience!!! The AMAZING, SPECTACULAR, PERFECTLY MADE Candied Walnut Apple Pie!!! The pie was warm, sweet, and Heaven on a spoon. The cinnamon ice cream was OH SO GOOD! It was like they turned the milk after eating cinnamon toast crunch cereal into an ice cream time A Million!!! This dish was beyond amazing! 
The service from Mark, was awesome. He came to check on us frequently and informed us when our next course was on it's way.Good food...they have this three course meal deal...loved the steak and dessert. The steak was just perfect..one of the best steak I have ever had.  I forgot the exact name of the dessert , but it was like apple pie that was baked both the sides. Awesome.I like the concept in principal.  This is a chain that offers fresh seafood from all over bumblef*ck.  Great, I'm down for that.  
So what's the problem?  Well, the main course I selected tasted uninspired.  Monkfish on barley risotto sounded exciting to read, but was bland beyond words.  It was more disappointing considering how savory our appetizer was (I believe it was a beef ribs in hoison sauce).  We also got a salmon penne with asparagus and pesto which was also rich and flavorful.  
This is a place I'm willing to give a 2nd chance because it's easily a 4 without the monkfish.  Too bad I don't plan on heading back to Philly anytime soon.OUTSTANDING! I am very surprised to see reviews with fewer stars, especially when you're review doesn't say anything bad about the place.
 My husband and I went to M&S for our 1 year wedding anniversary and it was reminiscent of all the exquisite food we had on our honeymoon. 
Appetizer: The Focaccia bread topped with Asiago, duck meat, and a drizzling of tomato jam was the perfect combination of savory/sweet and absolutely out of this world! Entrees: I had the Lobster trio with the recommended wine and my husband had surf and turf (filet and lobster tail). My trio came with a filet medallion - both of our fillets were cooked to perfection. 
Our only regret is getting dessert. First of all, we did not have room for it, and second, we both wish we left savoring the flavors of the meal before the dessert.I visited this restaurant on Sunday Evening along with my husband & son.  Early reservation before the theater.  I had the Beef Medallions Bordelaise.  The meat was tough and lukewarm. The waitress appeared to be serving the entire dining room.  Initially I intended to send the meal back.  But we were pressed for time and I was hungry.  This was the first time I had been here in 5 years.  What a disappointment.  My husbands' meal was mediocre.  I won't be returning any time soon. Very disappointingThe decor reminds me of the restaurant version of the bar in How I Met Your Mother. The food is pricy but you get what you pay for. Servers were friendly too. It's walking distance from the Marriott Philadelphia Downtown.I visited this restaurant last night after coming from my daughter's graduation ceremony at Citizens Park. It was late. I arrived at 10:33pm for a 1030 reservation that I made a few days prior, while still in NYC. I was seated  no more than 5 minutes after I arrived. The waitress came to the table about 5 minutes later and it ALL WENT DOWNHILL FROM THERE. We placed our drink orders, which were light, due to the late hour. One of my guests ordered a clam chowder. The waitress came back approx 15 minutes with our drinks NO SOUP. She then took our dinner orders. She came back to our table about 10 minutes after taking our order to inform us there were no more lobster tails. My celebrating grad had to order something else. NO SOUP. She came back to the table about 5 minutes after taking the grad's revised order to tell us there were no more mashed potatoes. After discussion, we changed our orders NO SOUP. About 50 minutes after ordering the soup and because my guest inquired about the soup, the waitress finally brought the soup to the table. About an hour after placing our revised dinner orders, we received our meals. The meals were lukewarm, seafood was tough and over cooked, the fried shrimp was bland, the spinach tasted awful and the salmon was dry. I will never visit this restaurant again and I urge you all to not waste your time or your money. It was a horrible experience. I chose this restaurant after speaking to folks and reading reviews in hopes that it would be a great dining experience. IT WAS NOT. A great restaurant is one where you can enjoy a great meal at any time of day, as the first customer or the very last customer. THIS MEAL AND SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE. If I could have left ZERO STARS, that would be a star too many.Well, it's a Monday night and the restaurant is half full. Service is poor, food is ok at best and did I say service was poor?  Very disappointing for what is supposed to be a very good chain. Don't waste your money here if you want seafood or steaks.7pm on a Wednesday and was told they couldn't seat us but if we could find a place at the bar we could eat there. To which the other member of my party told the hostess he'd called earlier and was told he didn't need a reservation. The place was packed! We were seated in 10 minutes.
The atmosphere was that of a fine dining restaurant, our server was OK, not particularly friendly, but clean and relatively attentive (but took the knives from two diners after the starter and didn't replace them for the entre).
Bread & butter came out - bread wasn't warm and butter wasn't spreadable - for a restaurant in this price range, that's something I would expect.
In our party, 1/2 our main courses were good, 1/2 were average. For desert, creme brule was fantastic but the bread pudding was more akin to a bread cake - it was thick and dry - not at all like a bread pudding - this was brought to the servers attention, as was the Risotto, which was fried in to a cake (although that was not mentioned on the menu and dissapointed the diner).
Probably will not return, there are too many other good restaurants to visit.I stumbled across this restaurant while looking for a lunch spot while on business in Philadelphia. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive. Their lunch menu options were small, so I had to order a salad from the dinner menu. Little disappointing; however it was very good and the salmon was fresh. $24 for dinner I wouldn't mine, but for lunch a little much.Not so great at all.  Place is overall tired.  Food sub par at best.  Nice location but certainly they are not taking advantage of it.  Our waitress was very nice but food is better at TGIF.  Better off just going to Capital Grill around the corner.  If I were this place I would not even bother a remodel.  Just close the doors.  It would require a new menu, food vendors, interior, kitchen, etc.  I wish I had read the other review before going.I went here for a anniversary date with my wife and it turned out be be a big let down.   We started our meal with calamari which came out warm at best, like it was sitting for a while after being cooked, and the breading was not crunchy at all.  I've had better calamari at bars !    The dinner came out the same way...as if it was sitting for a while.   It was very disappointing especially for the price.    
The view of the city was nice but that's where it stops...I went for restaurant week and ordered gaspacho with lump crabmeat as an appetizer and steak and stuffed shrimp as an entree. I wasn't expecting a huge portion given that it's restaurant week but what I got was just ridiculous. Maybe 1/2  a cup of gaspacho and literally 4 bites of steak, it might've been 3 oz at most. My table ordered lobster mashed potatoes for everyone and there was maybe an oz of lobster in there.  It was the biggest waste of money I've ever spent. I would not recommend this place to anyone.The worst dining experience! My family of 3 were seated in a booth with 2 settings, we had to ask our waitress 4 times for an additional place setting. She acted as though we were putting her out!  When she brought my husband and I our coffee both were spilled on the coffee plate to where it dripped on our clothing.  When our food was brought our son's was cold, mine was luke warm and my husbands lobster tails weren't enough for a 5 year old!  When you are spending $145 on dinner you expect exceptional service and exceptional food!  Ours was everything but! 
When we ordered our food it was please and thank you out of each one of our mouths!  When she brought us our coffee it was thank you from us, never once did our waitress say your welcome!  
I strongly suggest this establishment to evaluated by the owner/manager!I'm really glad that I checked out this McCormick in Center City.  I haven't been to one since having a subpar experience at another McCormick in Maryland a few years ago, but when my friend told me $6 cheeseburger at happy hour...I had to check it out.
I may have been there fir the last Center City Sips?  I'm not sure, but I had a bud light draft and split a cheeseburger and plate of calamari with my friend.  The calamari was delicious!  I'm not sure I would pay more than the happy hour price for it, but it was perfect with my beer.  The cheeseburger was also good but I had to laugh and the side of the piece of lettuce they put on my burger...I thought it was a piece of garnish underneath the burger until I picked it up and it was a piece of lettuce the size of my hand flopping out over my burger.  That was a little weird.  The fries that came with it were pretty darn good as well, everything was devoured.  
I would definitely come back here for happy hour, I'm interested in some blue cheese chips and shrimp stuff I saw on the happy hour menu and I would defintiely come back for the price.My family comes to Philly probably once a year around the holidays, and after my second time there, dinner at McCormick & Schmick's is pretty much becoming a holiday tradition. We started out with the oyster sampler. The jumbo stuffed shrimp were especially delicious, not to mention the sirloin that came with. The dirty martini's kept everyone in good spirits, and they even leave you the glass and strainer for a generous second helping. My only regret is not ordering the sea bass that my girlfriend ordered, which pretty much melts in your mouth. Getting a table with short notice on a Saturday was not a problem, and had the wait for the food been slightly shorter, this would have been a 5 star review. The martinis, warm atmosphere, and delicious meal will bring me back.Great spot to park at the bar and get some good food!  Pretty empty on a Monday night.  Crab cake was pretty good and the service was attentive.We were seated very quickly for it to be busy. We went for happy hour from 4-6:30pm the lemon drop was good and strong surprisingly for a sweet drink and at restaurant! We ordered and shared the mussels, Fry's,buffalo shrimp, hot wings and the parmesan sliders (which I won't order again they were bland tasting the sauce has dried up and I tasted no parm at all) but everything else was good! I'm a big fan of the hot wings they were hot and crispy!! My bestie loved their mussels! Our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed and exhausted! Come to think of it I only remember seeing one other waitress the rest were bar backs! And they kept taking our food and drinks to the wrong table! In which we were understanding of because even though she was in the state she was in she still managed to check on us periodically so she earned her tip but she was also kind of hard to get a hold of so I guess that's why she made a good effort to check in. But overall a good experience I'll be going back.We had dinner there last night. It was to be a special night. We wanted to take our new daughter in-law to be out for her birthday. Our waiter Patrick seemed new, but he was very friendly. It became obvious from the start thing were going to be slow. We had reservations for 7 and the dining room was not crowded at all, but everything we ordered to forever. We arrived at 5 pm and did not leave until 8pm. Our apps were well prepared and tasty. A little slow coming out but we were ok with it. Then my salad took even more time to come out it was 6:30 by this time. Then finally 4 of our meals came out (Mine was cold and way over cooked). Then we waited for the three other meals to come out. I timed it! It took 7 minutes for the last three meals to hit our table. My wife's was the last and was stone cold! The other two were just Luke warm. My sons steak was to be medium rare and was well done and chewy... My bill before tip came to $531.60 and the shame of it all it was very disappointing experience. There were so many nice reviews we thought it would have made a special night. WE WERE WRONG!! Patrick was a rock through it all. Then still had to make a sales pitch about their awards program. You could tell he was very uncomfortable giving us the pitch because he new what we went though. This just upset me even more at that point. Not sure who's at fault but my guess is poor management, under trained staff and very little kitchen supervision. I will not recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy. They deserve better too.I wasnt too pleased with McCormick and Schmick it was just ok... My food was very dry..
Maybe I give another try and go back soon!Love this place. Upscale seafood preparations.  Lovely classy ambience.  Never had a bad experience.Pleasantly surprised by a happy hour that isn't dominated by fried food stuffed with cheese and drizzled with lard.
Went here during the later 9:30PM to closing happy hour round.  Food starts at $1.95 for a big oyster shooter, fish taco, nachos to a $2.95 1/2 pound burger, $3.95 for steamed mussels and chicken biscuit sliders, and goes up to $4.95 for a full philly cheesesteak and fried catfish bites.  There are other items too, but we didn't order those.  
Drinks don't get much more expensive - for $5 or less, you can get a root mojito (when they have the root liquor), whiskey cocktails, cosmos, apple martinis and some nasty stuff like Old Smugglers.  Nothing was really great, but everything was solid.  
I'll definitely be back soon for some cocktails and the delicious oyster shooters.I have only gone here for happy hour. The service and food was great. I can't wait to return for dinner.I've been to the McCormick's in Harrah's Casino multiple times in Atlantic City which I love so I was wondering if the McCormick's in Philly would be the same. I was pleased to see the Philadelphia location is just as good. 
Finding parking was a little rough but we called a few minutes before our reservation and they were able to switch us around to adjust to our parking situation. Great venue and we had a very accommodating waiter. We got that amazing bread while waiting for our food and I always want to ask them if I can buy some of that honey wheat bread to go haha. Food was amazing and the portions were filling. From my experience from the Atlantic City McCormick's, if you get something like pasta, you get so much, you will definitely have some to go. Our waiter checked up on us often but not to the point where it interrupting our meal. 
The desserts were amazing and I was tempted to order both our desserts again to go but my date wouldn't allow it since we have so much food back at home. The price is a bit on the higher end but it's McCormick's and the location is Center City Philadelphia so I wouldn't expect it any less. Great experience. Will be back again.I found McCormick and Schmick's very enjoyable, especially given that cooked fish is rarely on the top of my food list. The location is a great one at 1 South Broad St, directly across from City Hall and The Wanamaker Building. Parking is easily found and there are a number of bars and cafes for after dinner cocktails. 
The menu is primarily fish and seafood, augmented daily with fresh catch selections. The fresh catch are not only what type of fish, but also where it was caught. According to the server, any of these fresh catch options can be added to an existing entree, including create-your-own surf and turf platters. Yes, for those not fond of the piscean choices, there are a few land-based options as well...of which I took advantage. 
We had a group of 10, so were able to taste several of the appetizers. The oyster sampler was excellent, really highlighting the difference in taste and size of what is available. The crab/shrimp/artichoke dip was served with pita chips and had a great sweet and salty taste. Fried calamari with garlic butter and banana peppers are seers with a spicy tomato compote, and of the three appetizers mentioned, should not be missed. 
I skipped the fish for an entree, an tried the Carolina roasted chicken with smoked Gouda mac and cheese...INCREDIBLE! The mac and cheese is also available as a side to be ordered with any entree, so definitely check that out. Really great comfort food option. Garlic French fries are also a side option, and worth the over-stuffed feeling you will inevitably feel after eating. No desserts this time, I was way to full and had already loosened my belt a notch.This place sucked!!  Got 6 oysters and sent them back. 4 of them where so small and at $3 each no way was I eating them. 4 barley the size of a nickel. Also had the kale salad. It was OK but nothing to write home about. Had a tuna platter that I had to get after they told me that they were out of the crusted tuna. Forgot the name but it was also nothing to write home about. Was still hungry so I ordered a $16.50 burger. I have to tell you Applebees burgers are ten times better. I normally don't write bad reviews but this place was not good at all. I will never go back to this place. The only good thing about this place was the drinks and our server was very nice. I'm only giving this one star because of the drinks and the server.Chef Kevin honored the Veterans Day meal for me a week later because they normally serve a week earlier, and I forgot. 
Tom, my waiter recommended the medallions of tenderloin with mashed potatoes and green beans. Excellent  meat and potato combo, succulent,  tasty and satisfying. 
Ordered the Malbec, which I nursed between entree and dessert. 
Now for the finale: a crème brûlée that is perfect, smooth and silky on the tongue, creamy (not eggy) with a lightly toasted, sugar topping (not brown and bitter) and fresh vanilla bean. Tapping the caramelized sugar with the back of my spoon is a preparatory command to gloss the first dollop on my tongue. This one, simple dessert is a delight to all the senses.For a place to be this expensive the food is extremely mediocre. I ordered the Blackened Mahi Mahi and I knew I would still be hungry when finished after seeing it (this plate cost $32+). After dinner, I ordered creme brulee and the white chocolate mousse cake. The creme brulee was bland and the chocolate cake at the bottom of the cake was like eating a dry sponge. This is my first and last time visiting this restaurant and it truly was not worth the money spent. Lastly, the creme brulee was supposed to come with berries (plural) on top and it only came with one. I am writing this review while still sitting at the table and the only pleasant thing I have to write is that our waitress had been extremely friendly and sweet.Terrible service, the food was all over cooked (rubbery scallops, burnt "medium rare" steak, and dry tilapia), and the bathrooms did not have paper towels or toilet paper (nor did they remedy this problem an hour after being told there was no toilet paper or paper towels).Had a private party here in the room upstairs and the salmon ribs and crab sauce on top of everything was beyond great. The service forgot some drinks but ended up giving us an extra hour in the room. It seemed a little busy down stairs and maybe a bit crowded but other than that great place to eat!Oh, McC & Schmk's, how I want to love thee, especially since I used to work for you in Seattle and you kept me fat and fed and paying the rent- barely.
Bartenders are so jaded from having to deal with the splurging Olive Garden crowd that they have developed a metaphorical suit of armor and are generally cold and affected.
Avoid the Rhode Island calimari at all costs.Had dinner at this location last Friday night (6/23/2017) and the food was great! This was my first time eating at a McCormick & Schmick's and I have no complaints. The restaurant was very clean. Our waiter was very polite and knowledgeable and most importantly, the food was terrific! The mussels are a must have.i went there on Thurs afternoon to celbrate my birthday with my friend kevin  its a real nice place inside the Bellivue Hotel we had reseravtions  i suggest ya do that if ya plan to go there i had  the Us Burger  was very good  with Fries etc my friend had a fish specail  also we had drinks i  we both had lemonade    we didnt know till the end   we were charged for a refill of lemonade so Know about that when yta sit  downi would like to go to aother Mc cormicks smicks in another city see whats thats like  also try there Happy Hr  3-300  4  30 Mm  fri   Hot dogs 1/4lbs are 2 dollarsHalibut would be better grilled than breaded, shrimp kisses good as was apple pie. Our server was Dustin and he provided very good service. Overall pretty good but nothing special. Manager should check on people especially on a slow night.Went here for happy hour.  The menu has a descent selection ranging from $1.95 to $4.95.  There is however a drink minimum which I think is odd to have.  The food tasted fine but nothing outstanding.  The service was fast and friendly.  The place was not crowded when we were there, making it good for having conversations and relaxing after a day of work.I usually prefer to avoid chains but reservations were tough to get while a conference was recently in town.  I've been a few times before and the food is usually fine, it was this time as well.  The salmon was cooked really nicely and came with a good beet salad.  The starters were a little small, so you'll need to order more than a few if group sharing.  
The service started out great but kept getting less and less attentive.  The final straw was dessert taking over 30 minutes to get to the table.  I probably got more frustrated than necessary, but that is way too long.
I might end up going back for a business function down the road, but recommend going to a hometown restaurant instead.I went here for lunch for restaurant week and it was awful. The waitress messed up 3 of our 4 orders. They did give us the correct order which was nice however. I have been to other locations and loved it so I would give it a second chance. Overall pretty disappointing but I think the waitress was just having a rough day. Food I definitely expected to be better than it was. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt on this one and just say it was an off day.Stopped in alone, took ten minutes to be greeted by the server  .Ordered filet and lobster tail. The lobster, first bite pure salt and should have known better because the color of the tail was light tan. Server brought another, same color, one bite clearly spoiled. Quietly sent the second back feeling embarrassed and high maintenance. Server did a poor job making me feel comfortable and said "gee we sell a lot of lobster tail without a problem".Standard food for a chain. Delicious specialty cocktails! Super slow service 4 a Monday night. Not my first choice to return anytime soon.Stopped in for "buck a shuck" today due to having received an email invitation from M&S. What a stellar disappointment! Ordered a draft and 6 oysters to start. As I waited for them to arrive, other people took the seats next to me. They ordered, received their entries, ate their dinner, then paid their bill. Meanwhile, I'm still sitting there waiting for my 6 oysters. 40 minutes after ordering, they show up. I ate the first, and it was loaded with shell bits. Ditto with the second. Then it actually got worse. The remaining 4 were not even released from the shell! This was amateur hour at its worst. 
The manager was decent enough to not charge for the oysters, and comp'd the beer as well. 
What got me about this fiasco was that they should have been expecting people to order oysters, yet clearly did not have staff capable of even remotely properly shucking them. 
Suffice to say I will not be going back or recommending them to anyone, quite the reverse actually. 
It's a shame as this used to be a decent place to hang and enjoy some good seafood.Went there last night with two friends.  The staff was great, but my steak and lobster was a bit small. I had four bites of steak.  The atmosphere was fun but I just felt disappointed. Others in my group liked the food they had.  Overall it was nice, but it fell short of my expectations.I'd like to break my review down into 3 parts: 1) service/decor, 2) food quality/freshness,and 3) presentation. 
1) The service was great. From the moment we walked in to the moment we sat down, we felt like we were treated very well. We were greeted warmly by the seaters, and then our waiter was especially friendly and accommodating. In fact, though he forgot the salad that I ordered to accompany my entree, he recognized his mistake and offered us dessert on him, which we happily accepted. The decor of the restaurant was also excellent: tall ceilings, nice, art deco-style lines and lamps throughout the dining area, warm, dark woods. I could easily see James Cagney or Humphrey Bogart drinking a martini at the bar here. 
2) The food was pretty good, though maybe just a bit heavy on the soy sauce. My wife and I ordered a Blackened Yellowtail Tuna with Bok Choy, and Seared Ahi Tuna with Wakame Salad, respectively. Though the fish was generally excellent, the wakame salad and bok choy seasoning were both just a bit on the strong side. The onions in my wakame salad could have been cooked slightly just to curb some of their sharpness. For dessert (which again was on the house) we had an upside-down apple pie with a caramelized walnut crust and cinnamon ice cream on the side-definitely the highlight of our evening (food-wise only, of course!). 
3) The foods' presentation was good. I suppose a 7/10 would be a fair score. Usually I don't care at all about presentation (once it passes a minimum threshold), but I figure that when a place actually attempts some kind of special presentation then they should be judged accordingly. McCormick and Schmick's did well in this area, and my Ahi Tune plate came out looking pretty delicious. I only wish I had pictures... 
Overall we had a good, if not great or excellent, experience at McCormick and Schmick's. I would recommend going there to try it at least once. However, with the amazing amount of other continuously new, local, and diverse dining opportunities in Philly, it honestly might be hard to return.Some friends and I met up here at McCormick and Scmick's last Friday. This was my first visit there and I was pleasantly surprised! The food and service was great! I ordered an M&T Tea (which is similar to a Long Island Iced Tea) and for my entree I ordered the meal that included the grilled shrimp, grilled salmon and fried shrimp w/sides of green beans and cheesy mashed potatoes---all items were delicious and fresh. Everyone complains about the price here, but to me (a person who eats out often), the prices weren't too much different than other restaurants I've been to. I would definitely go again.Their wine list is marked up higher than any I have ever seen, bar none.  They make Morton's of Chicago's list look like a bargain by comparison.  We left after seeing a wine we buy for $13 at the store on their list at $59.  I'm through with this chain.This is probably the best happy hour you'll find anywhere from a chain restaurant. Runs from 4 to 6:30 and their happy hour burger is sooooo good, SO GOOD, comes with fries and costs 5 bucks. We got a ton of stuff so I'll break down for you what to order on happy hour menu from best to less than best (however, it's all pretty good). Ready? Ok let's do this:
1 Burger (MIGHT be the best in the city, fries are standard)
2 Mussels (buttery, fresh, delicious)
3 Steak carpaccio (high end steak that would be a $25 plate for $9)
4 Wings (really substantial, just spicy enough, not over-sauced)
5 Blackened chicken quesadilla (tons of vegetables, grilled in a bunch of butter)
6 Calamari (crunchy and fresh)
7 Fish tacos (the slaw on them makes them worthwhile)
8 Oysters (good, but not salty enough)
9 Bruschetta (fresh)
10 Shrimp cocktail (standard)
11 Seafood stuffed mushrooms (just wasn't into them. bland)I came here solo for happy hour 2 days ago. I sat at the bar and was handed a happy hour menu & the bartender quickly asked to see my ID. I showed him my ID and was then given my $6 happy hour glass of  Chardonnay. I also ordered the buffalo shrimp. The shrimp were tasty but the celery & carrots were looking a little old. The portion size was decent however.
Many people claim this spot is the CHEAPEST happy hour spot in the city but, I disagree.
If you do not order a drink in this establishment they will automatically charge $3.something to your check. So you are better off ordering a drink if you don't wan't to be charged.
I feel I honestly can get more bang for my buck at other bars/restaurants for happy hour. I have also came here for other happy hours with other coworkers & friends in the past.
The staff has always been attentive. It can get loud at times they do have flat screen TV's that display sports & news. The lighting can be a little on the dark side. 
This place is overall okay, decent food & decent drinks.We recently stopped here for a work lunch with a big group of people, requiring the staff to put together 5 or 6 tables to accomodate us all. First off, the place is very nice, clean, with a decor reminiscent of a North-eastern fish restaurant. The waiters, dressed in fish-market type overcoats, were professional and knew what they were doing.
The service overall was excellent. After an overview of the specials, delivered with a half-shout due to the size of the group, the main waiter and two assistants moved around the table to collect drink orders, all of which came out well. Similarly, food orders were taken and processed quickly and accurately.
The food and drink were both good. I had the Arnold Palmer (freshly made lemonade and all), which was refreshing, and went with the blue fish special for lunch. Having never had this particular fish before, I was a litlle apprehensive, but what came out was a buttery, nicely textured fillet of fish with a colorful array of vegetables. Very nice taste overall.
I would recommend this place for a nice mid-town business lunch or a fancier seafood dinner.Talk about miserable, this place is it. They hit the misery trifecta: food, service, attitude.
The food was a joke. For what they charge, I expect my food to look and taste fresh. I do NOT expect my food to appear as though line cooks from TGI Friday's had an "Iron Chef" competition to see who could create a menu out of the stuff that had been sitting in their walk-in for a month.
I don't even remember what we ate, because whenever I think too hard about that meal, I start crying uncontrollably in the corner of the room like I just had a bad acid trip.
Seriously, it was insanely bad. None of us ate more than half our food and we complained about all of it. They didn't seem to care and didn't offer us any apologies or to make up for it in any way.
Good for them. I say if you're going to ruin someone's birthday, don't half-ass it. Go all out.
The only reason I don't give it one star is because I actually do like the way the restaurant looks. Congrats on doing something right!
If you are looking for seafood in Philly, whether you are a visitor or a local, you can do infinitely better than here. I can't speak for the happy hour, which sounds like a good deal and is probably worth checking out since it's dirt cheap, but if you love your friends, don't eat dinner here.A group of 5 of us went for a retirement celebration dinner. The atmosphere was nice and the servers were attentive. The food was very good. The one negative was the lengthy wait for our food. Each course took longer than the rest. Reservations are definitely recommended.