Have lived a half a block away from this place for 8 months and never visited until a couple of days ago.
Decided to go for a nice outdoor lunch with 2 other people and I was pleasantly surprised.  Though the service was a bit slow (our server was also the bartender and had to cater to everyone in the establishment), we weren't in a hurry since it was such a nice day out.
We all ordered burgers with different toppings and varying degrees of temperatures.  Though all the toppings were correct,  I ordered my burger medium rare and it came back medium well, which is a pretty big difference when you want it bloody and pink.  
Regardless, the brioche bun with blue cheese, onions, and bacon and a generous helping of well-seasoned fries on the side made me overlook the doneness of my meat and it ended up being a really delicious lunch.  I also ordered a glass of white wine and they seem to have a pretty decent selection of craft beers.
For the three of our burgers, 2 beers, and a wine, the bill came to $73-ish with tip which to me, is pretty expensive for lunch, but still worth it.  Come to think of it, I'd probably spend close to the same amount on three people at Five Guys, and that's not even including alcohol.
Definitely try it out for a lunch or brunch outside.McCrossen's will always hold a special place in my heart. When I made the jump from University City to the big city in '09 this was my crew's neighborhood hang out. No matter what night I went in knew I'd see one of my buddies or a bar regular who had now become a buddy. The food was always good but the focus was more on the drinks and social aspects more than the dining establishment it is today (not saying that's a negative just pointing it out). As time goes on we all moved to different parts of the city new bars became our haunts and McCrossen's became a fond but distant memory.
The food here is fantastic. From Wings to a handmade pasts dish to the baked brie, you will not be disappointed. They hold regularl chef pairings with a seasonal or rare wine/beer they are able to get their hands on and it makes for a great date night.VIsited McCrossens for the first time last night.  Out with my date for a few drinks and the bartender Jamie was incredibly personable and helpful.  Great recommendations for the beer and wine, great service - made us feel like one of the regulars.   Will definitely be back again very soon - hopefully I'll become one of the regularsGreat Place for a drink or two (or 10). 
Cool Neighborhood hang out. 
AMAZING food to boot.  Get the Gigantic Meat ball or the Fish Tacos!Hidden gem! My friends and I were looking for a brunch spot that was convenient and quick.  We found this spot on yelp and we're not disappointed! There staff was amazing and the food was great! I had the chicken and waffle sliders covered in sausage gravy and I loved it. My friends had the country fried steak and the blueberry waffles.  We all were very satisfied! I dead recommend visiting this spot when you make a trip to Philly!!!Stopped in here on a Wednesday night for some food and drinks. They have a good craft beer selection on draft and had a good selection of liquor behind the bar. Food was pretty good- got the wings, fish tacos and buffalo flatbreads. The flatbread and wings were good, the tacos not so much. Restaurant has a very pub like vibe to it, a really nice atmosphere. The only thing is that the food/drinks are on the expensive side.Why I will be back to McCrossens Tavern:
Ambiance: Casual, warm and Inviting
Service: Prompt, Professional
Food: Yum.   
Beer: Nice Selection of draft brews.
I have to compliment the chef on the Choucroute which was a special on the menu.  It was absolutely delcious!  Two different kinds of wursts, pork belly and some kind of braised pork swimming in flavorful sauerkraut. It doesn't get better than that!This has always been a fun low-key happy hour joint for me over the last few years but wasn't completed WOW'ed until yesterday.
I came here with a friend looking for a solid healthy meal as we were both extremely too lazy to cook dinner that night. We walked in and the place was packed but we were immediately seated as there is ample seating in hear back. My friend and I ordered the make your own grilled chicken breast sandwich without the buns as were are both Keto. Our waitress even offered us the option to do a side salad with the fries and suggested we try the garlic and chipolte aoili's with our meals.  I got mine with cheddar, mushrooms and bacon while he had his with blue cheese, bacon and grilled onion. I have to say, this must have been the BEST bunless grilled chicken breast I've (probably) ordered. It held all the qualities of a perfectly grilled piece of meat-juicy, tender and bursting with flavor. Our server raved about the garlic aoili but we really enjoyed the chipotle and it paired delightfully with the meal.
Found my new Keto friendly restaurant meal conveniently located a few blocks from me!Food was good but service requires tweaking. We were not informed of extra menu items offered for brunch and our food took at least 30 minutes to come out on a not-so-busy Sunday.I went to McCrossen's Tavern with a date.  We sat outside at tables on the sidewalk on 20th Street.  
I had the Van Halen Cocktail, which contained whiskey and Aperol (as I recall).  It was a little watered down by melting ice, but still pretty good.  I suggested a Belgian Tripel beer for my date, which we both really enjoyed.  I asked the bartender if he could make me a Tom Collins.  He said he didn't know how to make it, but when he looked it up, he said it sounded good and he would really like to make it for me.  He did a pretty good job.
For an entree I had the Sea Scallops, which came with spinach sauteed with bacon.  There were only three large scallops.  I expected one or two more for $18 and no starch side.  They were delicious though.  My date had the Short Ribs.  They were very tender and delicious.  I do wish they had a few more options on the menu.  The food was well-executed, but the choices were scant.
The service was decent.  We were looking for the hostess to seat us when we got there.  We had to get the attention of one of the bartenders.  Then they forgot we were outside and I had to go and get someone.  They were very friendly, just a little disorganized.I went here last night because it seemed quieter than other places in the neighborhood. I wanted dinner and drinks but not club music. It was pretty average. The food was delicious. The beer selection was a bit disappointing. It was cozy. Our waitress gave us the dessert menu even though we said we didn't want dessert.  There were sports on television. I'm not really into sports bars/restaurants, so I found that to be a turn-off. Overall, it was just okay.My friends and I went here the night of New  Years Eve. I got the pulled pork, my friend got the burger and my other friend got the Falafel. Huge portion and everyone liked the food a lot. We went on an off hour and the service was nice but extremely slow. There was only two other tables and it took over 45 minutes to get our food. Great pub food though and great prices and good neighbor spot.Quality food and beer with that great tavern atmosphere. All that one could ask for in a small bar/restaurant in the Art Museum area.I like the McCrossen's as an idea better than I've liked it in actuality the few times I've been there.  It's a pretty low key neighborhood place. On the one hand, unpretentious.  On the other, a little pretense (bone marrow!).  I'm writing now based on a visit yesterday during happy hour.  The bar is comfortable and for a Friday evening, was empty in a pleasant way.  The beer prices for the happy hour specials were great.  The beer selection is not extensive, but totally good.  The service was adequate; but it had a cliquish feel which is to say that though the bar was nowhere near full it looked like folks who were getting the good service were those familiar with the bartender.  I'm not saying it was unwelcoming, just uneven and slower than it needed to be given the lack of crowd.  The menu is pretty unfriendly to vegetarians;  I'm not sure why.  With bone marrow on the menu, I'd think the kitchen could come up with something other than hummus for the vegetarian option.  That's the only choice if you don't want a cheese plate or salad.  (Actually, in fairness, there was a vegetarian soup on the specials board.)  The hummus was fine; smooth and standard.  Not really spiced (i.e., no garlic) but fine.  The plate was nice with olives, peppers, garlic and some vegetables.   My partner had the chicken sandwich.  It was lackluster.  More bread than needed for the size of the chicken, he reported, as he left half of the roll on the plate.  The french fries weren't fully cooked and weren't great, either.  I would go again if in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.  Also, one other thing I thought was curious.  They have a drink on the menu -- the purple orchid, or something.  The ingredients are listed as including white wine.  It didn't appeal to me.  But, then I watched the bartender make one, and Lillet was the "white wine."  Sure, I see the connection, but having Lillet as the base isn't quite the same as having "white wine" as the base.  I thought it odd the menu didn't specify.Everything is just slightly more expensive than it should be.  I hate walking into a bar and instantly begin thinking all of the places that serve the given tap list for at least a dollar less.  
Most notably on my visit was the excellent music selection.  The bartender was also cool, but the general clientele is not my crowd.  Think condo dwelling center city yuppies, and then make them more annoying.  
I was out with my buddy Dan and we order the hot wings, and the bartender guarenteed we would like them; they would be on him if we didn't.  They were pretty good, but not hot enough.  Next time, the kitchen staff will aim to hurt us with hot sauce.  There's a way to bring me back.
I'll visit again, and I'd like to go for brunch.  This place is so unassuming that I've passed it several times without realizing it existed.This place is a classy hidden gem where you will meet the nicest servers and bartenders. They really make sure you are happy with food and the people that come in. 
The food portions are the right size and the menu is limited but the selection you can't go wrong with your entree or appetizer.Stopped in for lunch, and had a great falafel  and some yummy French onion soup. It's a pub, so don't expect a fancy restaurant, but it's great for what it is. Happy hour drink specials seem good, too--$6 negroni!So the ole gal had quite a nice birthday for herself. Quite nice indeed...and good portion of it took place at McCrossen's last night.
We attended the Decibel/Waltz Wine dinner last night. It was a collaborative event featuring Decibel's wonderful New Zealand wines and Waltz Vineyard's wines from Lancaster County, paired with 5 courses all perfectly executed. 
The wines were fantastic. I couldn't shut up about Decibel's Hawke's Bay Malbec '09! I may have been driving everyone nuts with all my Malbec exclamations. Paired with duck breast, foie and figs... Forget it. Perfect. It was so great. ALL the courses were great. We enjoyed boquerones with potato croquetas, favas and peperonata...and the crispy lingua with haricot verts and zucchini in lemon-anchovy butter was a delicious surprise. Everything was excellent and beautifully prepared. Service was wonderful too.
Now I know that these delicious offerings that I've just mentioned are part of a special menu for one delectable, fun little night, but I can tell you that the skill and taste with which these courses were presented has me extremely willing to return to McCrossen's to sample some more of Chef Wentz' cooking.
I would certainly make it my business to return for such a wine and food pairing dinner again.
Another reason that we will return? I'll tell you. McCrossen's Tavern has plenty of great beers on tap. I do likes some Ommegang Hennepin, for just one thing. For another thing, I like the sound of their brunch. $20 for brunch and endless bloody marys or mimosas, you say? And another thing! Amazingly warm friendly people run this tavern. 
McCrossen's is a quality establishment. Thank you for a real good time :)If you were drinking the night before, the Hangover Helper will cure all symptoms. Incredible.We came here for an early 10:30am brunch, right as this place opened, securing our coveted 8-person table. The staff were pretty friendly, although we were sad to learn the elusive endless mimosa deal was just a cruel joke on the interwebs. That being said, I did try a virgin bloody mary (don't laugh) and it was surprisingly spicy and full of flavor without much of the flare seen at other establishments (like bacon, celery and what have you). I ended up ordering the beets and smoked salmon dish and was a bit disappointed by the can-taste of the larger than life sized beets and the 4 slices of salmon slices. My wife got the waffle and meat dish and liked it, but I didn't get a chance to try it out. At the end of the day, McCrossen's is ok for brunch, but I'd avoid the beet salad.Cool neighborhood bar.
Food was really good.
They have lots of beer on tap.
Bartender was awesomeSuch a disappointment! We had skipped this restaurant for the past two years because the menu and service had gone down hill. Decided to give them another chance after that much time.
Best suggestion...CROSS McCrossen's off your list!
Our server Nick was either inexperienced or very overwhelmed...I ordered a glass of wine, he returned to take our order...oops forgot the wine...came back a few minutes later because he forgot what kind of wine I ordered. The list continues...
Whipped ricotta appetizer may have been good but I asked for a side plate and salt, salt arrived but no side plate! OK we can eat the appetizer w/o a side plate...and here comes our dinner served on a two top table jammed alongside the appetizer that we didn't get to enjoy. I bussed my own table to make room for our meal. I could carry on but there are too many topics to name, like no response when my husband asked about the missing Chorizo in his entree, or the incorrect bill that came out higher than presented without a word of explanation from anyone.
It's a shame this was a neighborhood gem years ago, my recommendation walk a few blocks further to Fairmont, plenty of great restaurants up there.Nice tavern located right across the street from me.  Great deal for happy hour beers.  Place is always busy and food is always great.  Great list of craft beers too.It's a neighborhood bar. And it's just wonderful. 
The bartenders are quick and friendly, day or night shifts.
Admittedly, I only sit at the bar, I'm not really familiar with table service.
The food is tasty. It's not 5 star, but that's because it's a pub.
The apps are great; the specials are very good.
The beer selection is always diverse and exciting. Real dedication to representing craft brews.
All in all, I'm a fan and recommend it to anyone passing through the area. Sit at the bar, chill, order a good beer and an appetizer, and enjoy the atmosphere. 
Or on nice days sit outside and relax. Always a good time.Trovato cercando su tripadvisor alcuni locali consigliati vicini all'albergo in cui mi trovavo, ho scoperto questo locale. Davvero una bella esperienza. Ottimo servizio e hamburger squisito. Prezzo leggermente più alto della media, ma ne vale decisamente la pena. L'hamburger e le patatine sono di una qualità decisamente superiore rispetto ad altre. Consigliato!Can only give 4 stars to McCrossen's Tavern. We tried the fried brussel sprouts and we thought they were a little strong on the vinegar taste. Atmosphere was really nice - candle lit wood and brick. Happy hour is $2 off drafts. Will try again for dinner sometime. Eat it.Went today with three friends. Opened the door, patrons at the bar as well as the bartender looked at us like we had 7 heads. The bartender asked if we came to eat, we told him yes. His reply? "The kitchen doesn't open again until 3:30." It was 3:15. Didn't say, "...but you're welcome to wait..." or "...have a drink until it opens", etc. We all felt very unwelcomed. As they say, you never get a second chance to make a first impression.Stopped into McCrossens Tavern last night just in time to witness the unveiling of their new menu and outdoor seating for the summer. I think the new menu is gastro pub(y) but they've kept the old favorites - the hot wings and hummus - while adding funky new items like tripe with peppers and a chicken sandwich with grapes and walnuts. The changes have yet to be reflected on their website but I think it's all great!!After hearing good things about McCrossen's, my wife and I traveled out to the Fairmont area to check it for brunch out on a rainy Saturday morning.  The place was close to empty, but the waitress sat us at a high top under a TV in the bar.  We asked to be moved to the dining room and she reluctantly agreed.  
Things only got worse from there.  We ordered the $3 Mimosas which were standard.  When are waiter came back to take our order it was if we were bothering him.  His brusque manner was a real turn off and we asked to pay for our Mimosas and cancel our brunch order.  Service for brunch doesn't have to be great, but I don't want to feel like I am doing the staff a favor by eating there.Stopped in for lunch. When my first two selections were sold out, I "settled" for the meat loaf sandwich. When I get here again, it will be my first choice.  
The sandwich was served on a fresh pita with Aioli, pickled red onion and arugula--a delicious combination of flavors. On the side was a mountain of fries.  (I think a side salad or soup would be a healthier alternative. )
After all that I didn't/couldn't eat for the rest of the day.We've been coming to McCrossen's since way before we moved back into the city.
It's so convenient to the Barnes, and walkable from the Phila Museum of Art, that it's where we end up after just about any visit to either museum.
It gets crowded, and if you don't have a reservation it's often tough to get a table. But we like to sit at the bar, so we can usually get a seat there after not too much time.
They have a seasonally changing menu. Their burgers are juicy and tasty, the salads are lovely, and they have even had French macarons for dessert! We've tried many entrees, and haven't had any dishes that we felt were not prepared properly. They have all been delicious.Its dark with a good amount of seating indoors as well as out doors. The bar area has a nice feeling to it with a bunch of high tables and stools and then there is a general seating area in an adjacent room with regular chairs and tables. It's got the loud murmur of a bar that carries over because the two rooms are separated by a wall behind the bar with a large open window... so quiet it is not. 
This is a nice intimate place for a date. You couldn't tell from the unassuming store front, but it gives for plenty of privacy in the back. The tables are not on top of each other. 
Anyway, on to the food. It was a bit on the pricey side. The offerings had the choice of 3 or 4 sandwiches for about $9 - $10, then it jumped to like $15 - $20 for entrees. I ordered the fish tacos: $10 for 2.  Don't get me wrong, they were delicious, but not very filling. The fish was cooked well and seasoned perfectly. The kimchi was good and gave a nice tart spicy kick to it, but I'm not sure about the execution of the taco itself. It was messy. Kimchi is a messy and very wet food. I had kimchi juice dripping down my hands when I was trying to eat it. And there just wasn't very much food. I know the waiter said it was a bit light, but come on. 2 tacos for $10? for what I had, it was good, but next time I'll go with some heartier fare.Used to enjoy this place. But now I've had a couple of less inspiring visits and today was the last straw. A tasteless, over salted dish with one of key components, celeriac, missing. Their response? To rush out a dish of microwaved celeriac that was so tough it was inedible. Going to take some persuading to go back.I had never really noticed McCrossen's Tavern when I had been in the Fairmount Neighborhood before, but my friend had made reservations for dinner there through the Eastern State Penitentiary's "Fright and a Bite" offer, so I gave it a try and I'm glad that I did.
The food, from appetizers through dessert, was all delicious.  They had a respectable beer list, very good cocktails, and great service.  And the environment is pleasant... it's casual but classy, the decor makes sense and balances having elements that go together with avoiding the mass produced feel of having them match excessively.came in here after my roommated hyped it as "the best brunch place in the city, with the best eggs benedict." though it was a bit of an overstatement, it was definitely one of the best i've ever had.
my highlight for mccrossens is how low key the place is, and how willing to help the staff was. since ice coffee wasn't on their menu, she improved for me and got me extra coffee with a glass of ice. i know its not huge, but its the small things that count.Great people, great service, the food was cool, but the pesto pasta blandlester. It's almost as if Stevie wonder added the ingredients! Will definitely go back, but not for the pestoAwesome brunch!! Chicken and waffle sliders are where it's at and definitely big enough to share! Can't forget the mimosas :)I was excited to try McCrossen's after the recent 22nd and Philly review. However, I was disappointed in my experience. First, my glass of white wine was barely cold --- definitely not as cold as it should be -- and was really, really small compared to other places. As other reviewers have said, the bread basket is a real disappointment -- cold bread with pre-packaged butter. I'd rather not even have a bread basket! The cheese platter was good and we really liked the poached pear, different jams, and interesting selection of cheese. Our entrees had good flavor, but weren't anything fantastic. I got the bouillabaisse, which the waitress recommended. As I said, the flavor was good, but the quality of the seafood was not. I have never seen such tiny mussels and clams in my life. They were the size of my pinky nail, no exaggeration! My 100-pound self could've eaten 50 of them and still been hungry. I had 1 scallop in the dish, and it was slightly overcooked. The shrimp were overseasoned, which really took away from the broth. My father got the skate special and said it was good, and he liked the complement of the endives, but that his was also overseasoned. Our waitress was extremely nice and provided excellent service. I have to say, I don't think I will go back. There are too many other fantastic restaurants in the city.Casual and friendly neighborhood bar. My friend and I arrived after work around 6 and were treated to a calm atmosphere and friendly, attentive staff. Great draft list and reasonable prices, but I admit I did not try the food (but it looked great!).This bar has better food than you'd expect. The wings are great and flatbreads are as well. Can get very noisy to the point that you cannot hear yourself think, especially during football season. However, it is worth the money. Nice selection of beers and good seating.Great neighborhood bar with really good food for the price. Pretty good rotating beer selection and it looks like they have a soccer special for beer and wings. I'd think that would carry over to football season too. Nice vibe where you could easily go for happy hour or a fun night out and the dining room behind the bar looks like a nice space for a date or a nice meal out.Excellent food and atmosphere, efficient and friendly service. There are 2 sections: a bar area with tv, and a dining area. The dining area was dimly lit (just the right amount) and had spacious seating for our group of 7. The menu was full of delicious items, and it was difficult to pick. I started with fried pig tail... and it was delicious, although it was bony (like ribs) and the skin stuck to my teeth. My first time eating pig tail... so perhaps thats what its supposed to be like. My entree was also delicious - a gargantuan portion of meat (sausage, bratwurst, etc), potatoes, and sauerkraut served in a cooking pot! I took at least half of it as leftovers. The music selection was appropriate for the relaxed atmosphere- chill music... think Coldplay.A little more pricey for lunch but the portions are huge. The burger was definitely made of a higher quality meat as the flavor didn't come solely from the fat. The kitchen was slow but our orders came out correct and burgers cooked as requested. Limited menu but makes up with quality. McCrossen's is not your usual pub fare.
Try the Burgers or Italian Roast Pork.Great appetizers.  We loved the cheese plate and wings.  The bartender made a great manhattan.  Not an amazing red wine selection.  
The service was great.  The bartender hustled all night.I'd give the bar a better rating because it's a good bar but I can't say the same for the brunch...
I got the chorizo eggs benedict here and it was the worst eggs benedict I'd ever had. The eggs were barely poached and the english muffin was covered in a ton of butter that made it soggy and unappetizing. We also got the huevos rancheros which weren't much better. It seemed like a microwaved tortilla with some egg and beans on top. I'll also mention that the service wasn't very friendly, but I wouldn't knock points off for that. The meal itself is where the 2 stars come from. If you do eat here, I'd recommend not going for brunch - Sabrina's is just around the corner!The beer list is good, and the atmosphere is great (Sunday Quizzo is usually a good time), but the food is hit-or-miss.
Sometimes the food is wonderful (good fries, great chowder) and sometimes it's terrible.  On one trip the cook apparently failed to properly clean the griddle prior to putting my wife's burger down to cook - needless to say a hamburger that tastes and smells of fish is less than appetizing.  The waitress was very apologetic, but that's the last time I ordered a burger there.
As a side note, McCrossen's used to have one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had, but have removed it from their menu.  It was truly one of the only reasons I went there, and likely won't be returning often.I don't know what it is. Maybe it's the dark wood and smell of heady beers in the air or the delicious coconut curry mussels that keep me coming back. Or, perhaps because it's approximately 50 yards from apartment?  Regardless, I stumbled in here about 6 months ago upon my return to Philly and it's been my go-to neighborhood pub since. The selection is good, prices fair and service is on point. I like that after only a few visits the bartenders got to know my name. That goes a long way with me.McCrossen's Tavern was just what the doctored ordered on a HOT 4th of July! I was in search for a dark, cool place that served good beer and solid pub food. This is such a place. 
I went in with 14 people and the wait staff worked with us, moved a few chairs around, and made us feel very welcome.  The waiter and waitress that I had contact with were very friendly.  
I ordered the chicken sandwich and was happy to receive a very generous chicken cutlet on fresh bread with other higher quality ingredients.  
Beers offered were varied enough and included a few local brews as well as Hoegarrden and several IPA choices.LOVE the burgers & fries!!!  I haven't had much else because I can't help but order that every time I go!  Nice, clean, fun place to hang out!  Everyone is friendly and selection is good!The burgers were nothing special, but the fries were great. The Brussels sprouts, fried, in sherry vinaigrette​, were soooo yummyYep. McCrossen's has become one of my favorite bars in Fairmount. More specifically, I love to sit at the bar and day-drink here. That's been the trend so far, at least. They usually have some pretty good draft beers and their bottle list is okay.
As for food, my stand-out favorite is the whipped ricotta app with grilled rustic bread. I could eat that stuff weekly. The burger is also good, but it can get pricey depending on how many toppings you'd like. Cheddar and bacon cost $1.75 extra.
I'm sure I'll be back soon. Glad this place is nearby!Although I grew up in Philly, I now live in California.  However, I get back regularly to see family and friends.  McCrossen's is in my old neighborhood.  I stop in there often for a late dinner.  The food is good, with different specials every day.  The service is friendly and good.  They also have a bar that is jumping and fun.
As an aside, decades ago, McCrossen's was known as "The Dustbowl."  It was a bar for old drunks.  Several years ago, on a visit to Philly, my cousin suggested we go to McCrossen's for lunch.  I thought she was out of her mind but agreed.  I was amazed at the cool, fun place they had turned McCrossen's into.Great neighborhood bar with good food. Get the cheeseburger for sure. Onion soup is good as well. Nice draft list and really friendly servers and patrons. Kind of a hidden gem.I had a great birthday experience here! I called to make reservations, and as soon as we arrived we were immediately seated and taken care of. It was our server's first day on the job, and she was amazing. She got us drinks ASAP and was very sweet and helpful. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. Shout out to the chef! The owner came to introduce himself to us and wish me a happy birthday which was very meaningful to me. Overall, I felt very welcomed. I definitely plan on coming back next time I'm in town.Friendly staff unpretentious​ atmosphere​. Good happy hour options. The hot and honey wings are my absolute favorite thing on​ their menu!McCrossen's makes a fantastic hangar steak with potatoes that is my boyfriends favorite. It was taken off the menu but it seems they had so many more requests for it that they put it back as a special, then full menu again after that. They make fantastic salmon, scallops, and have a great beer list. A couple locals but also great selections from other craft breweries that you might not find elsewhere. Also-one time they had Dogfish's 120 Min IPA (~15-18%) and were serving it in pints. Not sure if that was an 'oops' by the bartender or they were trying to kick the keg....
Nice quiet atmosphere, but on just about every occasion here we had a little disconnect with our server-something forgotten from our drink order, or a slight attitude. They still get 5 stars because I am usually there at a busy time!I'd love to give this neighborhood staple at least three or four stars based on food alone, however the main bartender who is there most days/nights gets overwhelmed and EXTREMELY snippy whenever there are more than 5 people at the bar.....really turned me off to the place.Okay, so I changed my mind about this place after trying it for dinner.  Ordered the hummus for the appetizer, definitely the best I've had in a while. Delicious. Could be a meal on its own, but I couldn't stop there.
Boyfriend got the steak, medium rare.  Cooked perfect with an amazing peppery crunch on the outside.  I got the shrimp scampi and they came out with the eyes still on them and everything. Shrimp was delicious and the pasta was more hibachi-style than Italian and I was diggin' it.  
Really nice low-lit atmosphere inside during dinnertime and the servers are all super friendly. My new favorite go-to place.Overall, I really enjoyed this place. I've been here for both dinner and brunch. Great beer selection, cozy feel and good food. As a local, this will be my new go-to place to grab food.Cute place. Ideal for a first date. Does not have bottomless mimosas. But really cute. Very friendly staff.My parents were coming into town and I was in need of a nice spot that wouldn't break the bank. I found a gem in McCrossen's. The first thing you'll notice is the ambience. It's small but not stuffy and dimly lit with exposed brick walls giving it a cozy and classy but not formal feel. 
Our waiter was very good. He was extremely friendly and cordial. He checked on us often and was very attentive. The only complaint I have about the service is the time it took for our food to come out. It was probably a good 25 minutes before our food came out which I'm sure they had a valid reason for but nonetheless it was a bit long.
The food was phenomenal. I got the Creekstone Farms burger with blue cheese which was delicious. My parents each got the filet and said it was "the best steak they've had in a long time." The steak was small as was the side so if you have a large appetite do not get the filet.
I will definitely be returning to McCrossen's in the near future!I've walked by this place a few times, and it always seems to have a crowd so I wanted to try it! We came here for brunch. The place was cozy with beautiful exposed brick. 
We ordered:
Whipped ricotta: the ricotta was great. The bread was okay because it was flavored but parts of it were a little tough to bite through and chew. 
Omelet: it was super plain. Needed some flavor, or some salt and pepper atleast. The potatoes and fresh fruit were good. I wouldn't recommend the dish
Huevos: pretty good. Fresh. Never had a huevos with rice. The guacamole on top was fantastic.  
The service was good. The place overall was okay. I don't think I would come here again for brunch. Maybe it's a better place for lunch or dinner?Every Saturday in college I found myself thinking: I'm hungry and I want to drink but I only have $20...  McCrossen's made this a non-issue.  My roomies and I would regularly walk to their $20 brunch and bottomless mimosa/bloody mary extravaganza (10:30 - 2:30).  If you get there at 10:30 you a) get the most bang for your buck and b) sit down immediately because bars are usually not too busy that early (McCrossen's was no exception).
Bartenders have always been great and usually made us laugh.
I strongly recommend a visit to McCrossen's if you're in town and in the mood for a boozy brunch.  If you want family friendly, go down the street to Sabrina'sSo, another year and another all-day staff meeting. Where do I find myself? McCrossen's of course. Unlike last year's beautiful day, however, I merely spent my lunch here this year, though certainly not due to a desire to get back to the conference table.... This is a very weird review for me to write. If you are looking for a fancy-pants American traditional style / modern food bar than this place deserves the 4 stars I gave it last year (the food is so good, that possibly it deserves 4.5 in that case). If, however, like me you were thinking of it as a really pretty, comfortable place to watch baseball all day without worrying about loud drunks, drink $3-$4 lagers and munch on delicious $10 burger and fries, you will be greatly disappointed. Party Foul Numero Uno: they got rid of the MLB package :(. 
They have a solid beer list (Chimay, Bourgogne de Flandres, St Feuilliune Tripel, DeProef/Bells, and tons of microbrews like Troegs, Yards and Stoudt). Party Foul Numero Dos: They got rid of Yuengling AND Stella. Their menu is hardcore and justifiably pricey (as opposed to overpriced). They have daily changing specials that are actually more haute cuisine, but they also sell jazzed up (or perhaps just better quality) versions of bar standards. The mild wings were delightfully spicy and their French Fries come as crab fries-- which I generally loathe-- but, perhaps because the seasoning is a house mixture, they were actually quite delicious (not to mention perfectly crisped). 
An interesting side note is that the Health Inspector was there at the same time that I was. The minute she walked out of the kitchen I asked her if I should stop eating, but the good news is that they passed with flying colors! The only problem was that their food license was locked in the manager's office, which I think is no big deal. I may come back and change the stars. I am unsure how I feel about it. I'm thinking that it may be unfair to dock them a star based on my expectations, but we already had enough expensive bars around here and I really liked (and depended on) McCrossen's for being more affordable.Best meal we've had in Philly on this trip.  And that's against cheesesteak and pork sandwich at Johns pork house and a couple others.  Cool atmosphere in a residential area.  Definites: braised ribs, wings, sweet potatoe fries, burger.   Everything else was really good but these all stood out.  Lots of food trading at the table.  Check this place out.  If u r local to this place - you lucky bastard.  CheersI dunno man, I wasn't feelin it. 
The beer selection was decent, and the happy hour fried brussels sprouts were good. The fries that came with the chicken sandwich were excellent, but the sandwich itself sucked. The bread was stale, and the chicken breast had the taste and consistency of something from a school cafeteria. Wings were average.
With so many other options around, I'd probably pass next time.We went here a few weeks back for dinner. We were one of two tables in the dining room. Unfortunately the other table was a table of 10 celebrating at least one person's graduation. This large party filled the small room with more noise than one would expect. It was like being on the bar side...only not.
We all ordered burgers. There was much talk about the exact way we wanted our burgers cooked. The waiter seemed to really want to make sure we got our burgers just right...which made it funny when the burgers didn't come out exactly right. No big deal, just funny. Their chowder's pretty good. They have some nice deals on Tuesdays (?Thursdays) on half price bottles of wine. I would go back and try more of their offerings.we ended up here after hearing about the 40 minute wait at Sabrina's, and boy am I glad we didn't settle for that.  We walked right up to McCrossen's, were seated immediately outside, and enjoyed an amazing brunch on a beautiful Saturday.  everyone else got steak and eggs while I got french toast.  we all agreed this was our best meal in philly so far.  this was the best french toast of my life! topped with bananas foster and spiced rum syrup, absolutely delicious.  great service, great food, decent prices. o, and the waiters are cute too.Great neighborhood Irish bar with a good beer selection.  I love the chicken wings here!What a great neighborhood pub - during our first visit to Philadelphia, we stayed close by and stumbled upon this cozy place.  What a nice selection of wine/beer in an intimate setting.  The dinner specials were fun - squash bisque tasty, and the fig arugula salad unique; the service was friendly.  What a great find in this neighborhood!This is the best place in town. They make you the most important person in the place  the food is great but the short ribs are to die for. Come , enjoy and never want to leave.Good food, good drinks, nice beer selection. Good staff, nice atmosphere for wifey and I to have a nice relaxed evening.Food was very good. Service was not. 
Easily the longest "quick meal" I've ever had.
They seemed to be in total chaos. Was not busy at all (3 people at the bar and dinning room mostly vacant). Waited quite some time to be seated. Then waited literally better part of a half hour to have drink order taken.
Then once it was taken, it was not delivered. Only after 3rd request (with 3 different people) did I receive my drink. Placed app order. Then a different person came over to ask if we had ordered. Reminded her of the apps (which she evidently had no clue about so placed it again with her)
Then ordered dinner and drink refills. About 15 mins later, yet another different person came over introducing herself and said she would be taking care of us. Questioned her about our dinner and drink order (which again-she knew absolutely nothing about). I thought I was being Punk'd. 
Throughout this madness, the owner was going table to table (apparently realizing the dumpster fire that was occurring) to make small talk and smooth things over. He was actually really nice .Truthfully, I don't really even blame any of these staff members individually, I think the system they had in place  was just a mess. I'm super tolerant and understanding when it comes to service- I've been there, I lived it. I HATE to bash service. But this was horrendous. Noise level rivaled that of a Heavy Metal concert. And this is not something that bothers me or that I'd even notice.. so as being  that I am even mentioning it please trust it was LOUD! Whether you were at the bar or seated in the dinning room, a conversation was virtually impossible.
OKAY.. now for the GOOD. The food was excellent!!
The drinks were very good. This should easily be a strong 4 Star but I just couldn't look past the service nightmare.Ordered take - out and got gnocchi and falafel gyro. It was very bland. From the brief time I spent at the bar, the ambiance seemed nice and the bartender was friendly. For its price, the food was disappointing.McCrossen's has always had a bit of nostalgia for me, as we used to come here all the time when I was a kid. I can remember having dinner here with my parents and brother at least once a weekend, and really enjoying it!
I really, really want to still love McCrossen's. It's super convenient, and the ambiance is both charming and cozy. I'm a sucker for dim lights and exposed brick. However, the food doesn't quite live up to expectation. The menu is very appealing, but the quality is just weak. 
I haven't been too impressed with the food in the past, but most recently we stopped by on a weekend to watch the game. We ordered the wings, and despite having really delicious sauce, the wings themselves were very fatty. I decided to order the French onion soup as well, and it was sub-par at best. The onions weren't cooked thoroughly, to the point where some of them were still crunchy and tough to eat. The cheese on the top was tasty, but incredibly hardened. It also was served luke-warm, which was strange for being served in a small crock pot. The croutons and bread had congealed to the top of the dish and hardened with the cheese.
If you're looking for beer and ambiance, then stop by McCrossen's. I'd love to want to visit for their food, as well.I went here for Quizzo on a Sunday with some fellow yelpers.  I didn't get any food, but everyone seemed to enjoy their orders.  I just went with some Yards Pale Ale.  There's a decent amount of seating in the bar area, plus a dining room area, and some outside tables.  
The service was a little spotty, but once we pointed out to the waiter that we needed napkins and a bunch of water re-fills, he was apologetic, and much more attentive.  
The quizzo was pretty fun, a good variety of questions, and a cool final round.  There was just a little too much time between questions.  I get that they want you to buy food and drink, but most people get to quizzo early and have already eaten, and ordered at least one drink by the time it starts, so there's no need for it to be that slow.  I like that it starts at 8 though, although really it was more like 8:30, because I was home by 10.A-OK is about right. I had the Tavern Burger, it was ok but nothing special. The kind of place where you go medium-well instead of your regular choice of medium. Friends had a pork sandwich & the fish tacos, fish tacos were deemed acceptable but the pork sandwich I was told was very dry. Their beer list was solid, with a range of craft drafts & a fairly long list of cans/bottles. 
The decor and general ambiance of this place was nice, if a little snug. We managed to work our way from NWA through to Phish and The Allman Brothers Band, which was a new experience for me. 
It seemed like the regulars all bought massive plates of hot wings, rather than ordering anything more adventurous, so if I'm in the neighborhood again, that's probably the route I'd take.McCrossen's is a hidden gem. It's small and not well-known, but consistently great. I liken it to a favorite pair of jeans that you forgot you had, and when you rediscover them you put them on immediately. It's not a destination bar/restaurant that draws crowds out of center city or even away from some of the other better known restaurants in Fairmount, but it's always good. And that alone is a wonderful thing to have in a neighborhood bar. 
It's more expensive than I'd like, but if it was any cheaper, I'd probably go there much more often instead of cooking a nice homemade dinner!
The ribs are great, and I haven't had any bad food yet. I had a similar experience as a previous Yelper where I ordered a dirty martini and told the bartender to make it extra dirty. Granted, I did say extra dirty, but it was almost undrinkable. On my next one he got it just right.What elements of a bar make it a "go-to bar"?
-cool decor
-lots draft beer options
-top shelf liquor options
-affordable 
-affable bartender who takes the time to converse with the patrons
-off the beaten path, i.e., not lots of tourists annoying you
-comfortable, like chillaxin in your own home
I like to brave these elements...daily, if I could.We went for brunch this past Saturday - $20 for your meal and unlimited Bloody Mary's or Mimosas. I had the steak and eggs, which is really 2 eggs over a hamburger and an AMAZING chive potato pancake. It was so good! My only wish was that the eggs were cooked a little bit more, but I didn't specify when ordering.
The Bloody Mary's were so good - I don't think it was a pre-made mix. They tasted fresh and delicious - be warned though, VERY spicy!
Service was prompt and friendly. I'd highly recommend this place.I have eaten here five times now, and its been consistently excellent from food to beer to service to atmosphere. The fish tacos are the best in Philadelphia. The burger is excellent and every salad I've had (we've had several) has been delicious. I am easy to please with beer but my husband is more of a micro brew aficianado and he loves the beer list. I find the atmosphere very cozy--quiet but with an energetic vibe. The service has varied from very good to excellent.french toast was good, a nice crunch on the outside but still soft and chewy on the inside.  it was doused in syrup though so I suggest asking for it on the side.  The burger was ok, not juicy but still flavorful.  they use a thick bun though (forget which type of bread it is, but see picture posted).  the waitress was very friendly and quite good at her job despite having to wait on all the tables during busy brunch time.  
the unlimited bloody marys and mimosas is a pretty good deal but they only let you drink while "you are eating" so get your refills in before they take away your plate.  the mimosas are nothing special and the bloody marys taste like shrimp cocktail sauce, but the drink overall is very very spicy.
there were plenty of people just hanging out on a saturday afternoon and the place is much smaller than I had thought, but it's cute and again, very friendly staff.  the brunch menu is very limited though and there was nothing special about the omelettes or chicken sandwich either.  i do like the fruit salad added to each plate (minus the burger, which came with fries that were covered in salt and some strange pepper concoction).
the music here is good but they play it pretty loudly which I think contributed to the crazy noise level the place reached around 1:30-2pm.  my friends literally had to yell in order for the person next to them to hear them at the small table for 5 people.  overall, i think the food is not worth traveling so far from rittenhouse square.  if it's a nice day out, it may be worth making a stroll up north, or if you've just gone to the art museum and want to grab a drink or bite.We love coming to McCrossen's. It's our favorite, local "go-to" spot and is definitely a step up from your run-of-the-mill bar fare.
Extensive beer selection with specials on tap. Food specials are always creative and tasty. Off the regular menu - everything is great. Hanger steak, mushroom flatbread, wings (awesome!!) and French onion soup are some of our faves.
Pretty family friendly (there is a second dining area attached to the bar).Wow!  Totally impressed by this hidden gem in Fairmount.  I came here last week with my girlfriends, and we only wanted drinks and one appetizer to split.  We saw the amazing food menu, and delicous craft beer menu, and decided to stay for a full-out entree dinner!  
The whipped ricotta appetizer is to die for.  We were licking the bowl it was so good.  The portion size is huge however, and it could be a meal in itself!  I really wanted to try the watermelon soup, but the cheese was so filling and I still had dinner coming.  For dinner, I had the gnocchi with goat cheese, asparagus, mushrooms, and sun dried tomato.  WOW, fabulous.  You can tell the gnocchi was homemade becuase it would fall apart when you picked it up with a fork!  So tender and delicious.  Some of the best gnocchi I've ever had.  My girlfriend ordered the pork belly, which was also amazing, I really liked the polenta it was served on top of.  My other girlfriend ordered the chicken sandwhich, which I didn't try but it was huge and the thick cut french fries were delicous.   So, totally 5 stars for the food, horray chef! 
Our waiter was super fast, and on top of his game like crazy.  We'd order a drink and it would arrive so quick I think he was powered by DD batteries in his pants!  However, he was so fast, that he cleared our plates before we were done eating, whomp whomp.  But, he did help us with beer reccommendations too.  The drafts weren't as crafty as I'd like to see, a few ales and IPAs, would have liked a stout, a tripel, or a sour.  But, there are a few other nice bottle selections that we liked too.
Overall, great place!  I will be back!I've lived in the neighborhood for a few years but never tried out McCrossens for dinner (I have gone there for drinks and loved it). Last night my husband and I thought we'd give it a shot. 
The atmosphere is cozy, clean and enough TVs to watch a game, great jukebox. The owner is also really friendly. 
Now for drinks that would deserve 4 - 5 stars. Here is where my dining experience went wrong: 
- our waitress Jill came to our table 2x. once when we ordered and once to get the check. We were constantly looking at her hoping to make eye contact so we could get to come over but she stayed behind the bar and texted. We finally gave up and went to the bartender for more drinks. 
- We ordered buffalo wings as our app. For the money we paid for them they were not that good. Though I will say I think the McCrossens wings are better and probably worth the money. We didn't get napkins with our wings and couldn't get Jill to come over so we had to sit there with messy fingers until our food came out. 
- Our food also was overpriced for the quality. Not horrible, but not worth $9.50 
- One table behind us a girl ordered a glass of whiskey. The amount she got was barley a shot. When she called Jill over she said "I don't mean to complain, but the girl that made this gave me next to nothing". Funny enough, Jill was the one who poured her the drink. 
- Another table behind me Jill just brought them another round without asking. The guy had to hail Jill and ask her to take them back because he didn't want those drinks, wanted to try something different. 
I would go back for beers, but never again for food.What a fantastic neighborhood establishment! To the How I Met Your Mother fan's out there, I dub this my MacClaren's. McCrossen's Tavern is a cozy restaurant and bar with a great draft list and great menu. 
Yesterday my husband and I met our out of town friends there for drinks. Arriving shortly before 6, we had our choice of tables. We opted for the high top bar table closest to the host stand. Our server was friendly and attentive although as it got later in the evening our group was taken care of both several folks. Our beer glasses were never lacking a fine brew. Victory's Summer Love was the happy hour draft special of the day so my obvious choice. 
Unfortunately I didn't arrive hungry so did not getting anything to eat, but my friends enjoyed their selections of the Creekstone burger and whipped ricotta. Although not hungry, I was pretty jealous of the burger as it is one of my absolute favorites in Philly. 
By the time we left around 8:45/9, the majority of the outdoor tables were occupied and the bar area was decently filled. My only complaint was that it was a little hard to hear. 
I can't wait to return to sink my teeth into that large, juicy burger.This the first place I went to in Phily when I was visiting a friend. Good location and nice area. Good beer and liquor selection. We ordered the wings and they were pretty good but they only had two options for sauces. A little more expensive bc of the location.Quick pitstop for a few beverages. Good service and friendly atmosphere. Food menu looked pretty decent too, but I'll have to test that out next time.What a beer list!  The staff is as friendly as you can get, the food is very good to tremendous and the beer list is wonderful.  Small and quaint this place sits on 20th st just North of the Barnes and Whole Foods and a half a block south of Spring Garden.  Its brick and mahogony accents give it that old style classy bar look.  Beer list includes Goose Island, Stone, Victory, Troegs, Yards, Infinity, Elesium etc.  Little bit of the good stuff from everywhere.  Food highlights included short rib sandwich, fish tacos, roasted bone marrow, empandadas.  Eclectic without being pretentious.  Loved this place and will be backA very cool spot. Came here with my wife for lunch and later a late night snack. We had the roast pork, the burger and the wings. All were very good.Stopped by for brunch after the Color Run and sat outside on the street. The bar got super crowded in the first hour they were open but the dining room area didn't look too packed. 
The $20 brunch special (all you can drink mimosas/bloody marys and a breakfast plate) cannot be beat! The mimosas are delicious and the omelets are amazing.  
The service was a little erratic but I didn't expect personalized service on a busy Sunday morning. 
Can't wait to come out and give them a try for lunch or dinner, but I'll definitely be back for brunch.So this is what love at first sight feels like...
This place is a teeny, tiny brick building of goodness.  Why am I crushing on it in such a disgusting way?  It could be the extremely decent beer on tap.  It could be their extraordinarily palatable fare.  Maybe it has a little to do with the alternative music they play at a volume that's just loud enough not to be obnoxious.  Their $20 brunch with unlimited bloodys and mimosas definitely helps their cause.  There's just something about the atmosphere that makes me smile big and want to snuggle up to my honey.   
Three thumbs up, McCrossen's.  I promise to visit whenever I'm in the neighborhood... ok, and I might make a special trip out of my way, too ;)A great place that feels like Philly. The bartender was friendly and the drinks were strong. We didn't have food but it looked really yummy.  A great place for a cocktail or two to experience Philly.This is a review of the brunch. Yes - I am a fan!  $20 for an entree and unlimited mimosa or bloody mary, cannot beat that!  I definitely drank more than $20 in mimosas.  However, that means, the rest of my Sunday is wasted.  I wasn't feeling any of the omelets, so i got a caesar salad (I know I know, not real brunchie), however, it was one of the best caesars I've had.  Hubby got the steak and eggs, which he demolished.I've been here a few times and it's a very cool, quaint spot. It has an old bar feel to it. They're food is pretty good and the drinks are pretty darn awesome! I recently ducked in for lunch, it was pretty empty, but the service was excellent and it made for a good time w/ my company. I tried the egg nog drink which was perfect! For lunch I had the French onion soup, OhEmGee, it was to die for. My friend had the grilled chicken sandwich, which was pretty tasty. I also had the falafel sandwich, but it wasn't my favorite item. I'm used to the green falafel and the flavor, this place had the chick peas and I wasn't too moved. But that's just my tastebuds and that wouldn't stop me from returning.Friendly staff, great beer, wine and food. Food is well above average for classic neighborhood bars.Great pork sandwich with long hots. The spaghetti with clams was smooth and sultry. Great lunch nice comfortable atmosphere.Great little neighborhood place, near my parents' condo.  Great food, good beer list.  Just a nice little place if you live close by.  I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but I'm happy to go when I visit my parents.Loved it so much went back two nights in a row. The first night I was late for happy hour (5-7) so went back. I had the Mussels, fried Brussel Sprouts and a delicious drink that had beer and gin in it (forget the name). 
   The next night I went for happy hour - draft beers (and they have many) $2 off and wines for $6. I had a snack of their Old Bay Popcorn for $3 and the Hot and Honey wings. I don't like overly spicy food but these were a perfect combo of sweet and spice.Great spot for a bite to eat and a drink prior to a Free Library lecture.  Food was terrific, service good, atmosphere neighborhoody.In the misty twilight of a rainy Philly weeknight, my companion and i searched in vain for parking near McCrossens. After circling the block a few times we ended up scoring a spot right across from the tavern. The spot was convienent, however, the parking was so tight that we had to exit out of the cars sunroof. Did I mention that my car doesnt have a sunroof? Or a moon roof. Thats right, I had to burst out of the roof of my car like a newborn baby, or that thing from Alien.
 Hoping it was worth the trouble, we went inside. McCrossens is best described as cozy. It had a very Betsy Ross/ Ben Franklin feel to it. Very Philadelphia.
 the bar area was busy. We wanted a place where we could talk so we were shown to the dining room, where we were greeted by the server, Mary. The crowd in here was sparse, which was perfect for us. Mary was wonderful. She had a very personable demeanor not dismissive and robotic.  She took our flirtatious jokes with stride and humored us. She was knowledgable about the beers and specials. Gave us her time when we needed her and left us be when we didnt.
 Their beer choices were good, with the right amount of normal choices to interesting ones. When I need a drink I like to stick with the things i know rather than experiment.
The food was exeptional. We ordered wings which had the right amount of crispiness and heat. I like hot, but sometimes the hot can be obnoxiously hot to the point of pain. These were perfect, if anything they could have been a tad hotter.
 we were both in the mood for burgers, and we werent disappointed. they came out the right tempature, had the right amount of toppings and were on a fantastic roll that neither my friend or myself could place. Pretzel? Wheat? We had to ask Mary, who wasnt sure herself. She quickly asked the chef and came back with the answer....Challah! Ive never had that before. It was really the perfect burger bun , not too soft not too dense. I wonder if this is a new trend or has McCrossens started something.
 We were well fed and enjoyed ourselves here. Mary brought the desert tray by and as good as it looked, we were too full to partake.Knowing there was a chilly mist outside, it was difficult to leave, but all things must come to an end. My friend and I parted ways and I set about the task of squeezing my large frame back into my wedged car.  I will always have the memories of my time at McCrossens; Mary, beer, Wings,beer, challah, beer and of course...the scratches on both of my car doors.I like drinking at Mc Crossens. It's a comfy neighborhood joint with no pretensions. Versus other spots in Fairmount t the crowd is a bit older and has more refined tastes--meaning more inventive than just fried pub grub at slightly higher prices, and better liquor and beer selection. But while the menu has fancier items, like bone marrow and fois gras, the dishes just don't jibe for me. This was maybe my third time eating here. I got a "mushroom risotto" which had about 4 mushrooms in it and tasted overly like goat cheese. The sun chokes were supposed to be served in brown butter but they were, in fact, drunk on butter and just tasted salty and fried. Just like the bone narrow I got on my last visit,  which was also overly salty and tasted like fried. I've also had the sandwiches, were are large, but nothing to write home about. Though my boyfriend's fish dish was stellar. And the scallops are also fantastic. So it's hit or miss, I guess. The quality of the food aside, the dining room with working fireplace is a charming place for a post-meal cocktail. So all in all, I'd go back for a drink but probably not for a meal. And definitely for outdoor drinks once it gets warm.Lived in Philly for two years, been around to all different parts of the city but I can always find the friendliest most welcoming atmosphere here. Food is excellent and beers are cold couldn't ask for a better local Philly bar.One of my neighborhood go to spots. Menu has a little of everything from small bites, to sandwhiches, and entrees'.  Good beer slecection.  Unique and good wine selection.  Great staff.  Nice place to stop for happy hour on the way home or the legendary brunch!Some of the friendliest people we have met on our visit to Philadelphia. And the food is superb. Very very creative, nice atmosphere. Would totally make this my stop if I lived in the area. Had their beet salad which was absolutely delicious. Also enjoyed their onion soup which is surprisingly more difficult to find good on in suit than you would think. My husband got the meatloaf sandwich and loved it. Good Chardonnay that is made by the owner's brother. Highly recommend.We had a great brunch here this past weekend with some friends. For $20, you get unlimited bloody mary's or mimosas + a brunch entree. A very similar offer to the Wishing Well's $25 brunch special. The chicken sandwich, steak & eggs, and bacon & cheddar omelet are highly recommended. The portions are smaller than those at the wishing well, but the mimosas and bloody mary's were excellent - well worth the brunch special. Our only gripe was that our server cut us off once the last entree was cleared - I understand the policy, but it would have been nice to know beforehand. 
Shout out to the awesome draft and bottle list here as well. Some very good brews on tap - including my new fave, Dogfish Head Noble Rot, which is served in a wine glass.Great beer selection. Personal preference is for more local (especially Philadelphia) beers on tap, but to each his own.
Great place for brunch.
On my second visit for dinner, I had a bit of a problem with the pork sandwich I ordered- the bottom of the bun was completely soaked/soggy. Not only that, but it was completely piping hot underneath due to the moisture, to the point that I couldn't pick the sandwich up without burning my hands. Hopefully this was just a one-time mistake and not how these sandwiches always come out.A great neighborhood bar, I just wish I lived in the neighborhood. Great staff, great rotating draft beer selection and a great spot to stop in after work. Shout out to Joann, Jamie, and JoeThey have a very good revolving craft beer selection on draft. $22 for the most expensive menu item so the prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food you get.This is like a classy(-ish) neighborhood bar. The polished granite counter/tabletops and candles are a nice touch. There's a pretty nice beer list with pretty average beer prices. I didn't try the food on this visit, but I just might if I ever find myself hungry and in the area. The brunch deal sounds intriguing though, especially if you could do with having 2-10 mimosas with brunch (and let's face it, who wouldn't when they're all-you-can-drink?). 
I'd probably give this place 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to 4 cause they stock Magner's. Also, they have the citywide Summer of Riesling thing going on, and I'm a sucker for a good riesling.Great spot however the location is a bit random. The chicken and waffle sliders are the best item on the menu!Great neighborhood spot. The food is delicious and they have a variety of craft beers. It's my favorite go to when I'm just looking for a mellow place to grab a drink with some friends.Fun neighborhood watering hole with a friendly staff to serve you.  Highly recommend the fried Brussels sprouts, they are to die for!!!
And a great selection of wines and beer tooI've been here twice, once for lunch and once for late dinner.  Indoor and outdoor seating are both comfortable, and the beer list was great my first visit and decent my second.  The food was good, although the vegetarian options are limited and the late-night menu is not very healthy (the falafel was filling and tasty, though).  The staff i've interacted with have all been friendly and willing to give recommendations.  Also seems like a fun and not too rowdy place to watch a game (they have multiple TVs).Solid little bar in Fairmount neighborhood.  Great for brunch on the weekends.  What I appreciate the most is their brunch menu includes breakfast and lunch items and is not just an excuse to serve breakfast two hours later as I've found in many other Philadelphian establishments. Drinks are reasonably price and food was good.  Solid place.Get you some of that french onion soup with cow guts.  So offally, savory and absolutely delicious.  Seriously, it's awesome.  A terrific establishment I will add to my regular rotation for drinks/food.This place looks like a dive bar but served up entrees that could have been found in any top rated restaurant in Philadelphia.  Scallops were particularly good and the salmon compares well with anything you'll find elsewhere!
Very good and very affordable.great neighborhood spot.  good wings.  good meatloaf sandwich.  awesome $3 beer specials.  not 5 star because not enough tv viewing area for sports[Sigh]
We've been back to McCrossens a half a dozen times since last year and every times has been a solid B+ experience.  Always good, but nothing extremely noteworthy. 
 .... Then we went back on Saturday night....  
I dont know when their menu changed but they're not vegetarian friendly anymore.  There wasn't a single vegetarian entree on the menu, and not a vegetarian sandwich or pasta either.  There was a beet salad (that sadly I didn't see until after I had ordered), hummus, and a cheese board.  That is it!  Even their side of "roasted brussel sprouts" has ham in it.  I was able to order the Butternut Squash Bisque in the specials without the bacon.  It may be a meat-lover's paradise, but there are enough nauseating words on the menu to make me forgo dinner altogether: veal, fois gras, bone marrow, sweet breads, tripe. I dont know when McCrossens turned into a meat market, but it makes me sad.  
Also, I can appreciate trying new wines and beers, but there is a fine line between expanding your customers horizons and being snooty.  As far as the by-the-glass-selections go, there isn't a word I recognize in the entire name of the wine.  In the reds, there was no cabernet, merlot, pinot, tempranillo, malbec, shiraz, syrah, sangiovese, or chianti.  I stared at whatever wines they had for ten minutes and I'm still not sure which words were the name of the winery and which was the type of wine.  I'm no wine slouch, but I have no idea what a "Gaglioppo, Ciro Rossso, Librandi, Calabria, Italy 2010" is.  If they're only offering five or so red wines by the glass, why are they all so obscure?  The beers aren't quite as obscure, and they have a wide selection so you can find something you like.. as long as what you like isn't a Bud or a Miller Lite.  
The only reason I'm giving two stars is that the cheese board is still fantastic.Just a quick update
Apps - Foie Gras special, out of this world, 5 stars on prep and flavor
          - Spanish Anchovies served with a pesto and olive oil drizzle, 5 stars
Entrees - this is the first time I tried their fish.  
          - Salmon encrusted with something, was way too salty, the fish slightly overcooked was saved by the chick pea, corn relish/salsa type thing, 3 stars
          - The branzino my friend had was very good, 4 stars
Service - Bob and all of the others were great, 5 starsMccrossens is my favorite restaurant and the best hang out in the city! I've been coming here religiously for almost 3 years. The staff are amazing and it's first class service. The good food and beer selection is out of this world. Why would I go somewhere else?!!! It's the best:)I used to come to this place every Tuesday for Quizzo a few years back. We loved it! 
Last time I was in here I was in the neighborhood with a few friends and I told them about this "great place" i knew that we should go eat. We went in, asked for a table and got a rude response somewhere along the lines of "can't you see we are completely busy right now."
To me that read "we have enough business, we don't want yours."
I cried and went home. McCrossen's, you were good when you were good, but I won't be back.I decided to try McCrossen's with a friend one night and since then I've taken my brother and his fiancé there as well as my mother.  Everyone was pleased. 
The service is usually very good.  The beer selection is a bit eclectic but I always find something that I like. 
There's one particular reason I'll keep going back: the fish tacos.  I crave them. I can't even describe how seriously good they are.  
My friend orders the mozzarella topped meatball all the time. 
My brother ordered the french onion soup that contained tripe (totally not my thing) but he really liked it. 
My mom's chicken sandwich looked pretty good. 
Luckily I eat fish because the vegetarian options are severely lacking. 
It's a cute little place to have some food and drinks and I love that it's so close to my apartment.Amazing hummus & garlic aoili with the fries. Pretty good selection of draught beers. 
The second time I was here there was only one person working, yes one person. She was doing her best and I don't blame her considering she was covering the bar and all 5 tables. Seems odd that a place like this only had one person doing anything. The manager kept coming to the bar, but did nothing. We stopped in for a quick drink and it took a lot longer than it should have. 
Overall a pretty good place.I had to update my review because I finally had the chance to try some food here.  We went for an early dinner after spending the afternoon at the Franklin Institute.  The beer selection is still great.  As for the food menu, it was really hard to make a decision.  We settled on sharing some hummus, and then getting a burger and pork sandwich to share.  
The hummus platter was gigantic and amazing.  There was a bowl of hummus, plus veggies and pita on the side.  The hummus is made in house as is the roasted red peppers that were served on the side.  I really dislike red peppers, but I couldn't stop eating them.  I would ask for extra next time.  This appetizer probably serves 4, but it was so good we almost ate all of it.  
Next up, were the burger and pork.  I loved the pork sandwich.  It's marinated in rosemary and was very tender and juicy.  I would definitely order it again.  The burger was good, but not amazing.  There are so many great burgers in the city, and this one just didn't stand out to me.  
This is definitely a must-try spot in the Fairmount area.I used to love McCrossens but my latest experience was pretty underwhelming. I wonder if the chef changed recently, because I remember having amazing food here, but now I didn't. The whipped ricotta that I loved so much is totally different now, served in a small dish, not even whipped, and is more yellow in color. Almost like a bad pimento cheese. I wonder what happened to the amazing whipped ricotta they used to have? The wings were still decent, but my salad was also underwhelming with tons of lettuce and little toppings. Not sure what happened but I'll give it another try again some time.I loved this restaurant.  it was a bit off the beaten path on the way back from the museum going to the hotel and was in a cool little neighborhood.  We sat outside an enjoyed a bit of people-watching.  I ordered a burger and it was awesome.  The waitress was absolutely wonderful as well.  Good food, good service, nice location -- strange, but really nice.Foie Gras YOUR FACE! Might be the only time I wasn't able to finish a plate of foie gras by myself. And for that alone they deserve a standing ovation.Let's face it. When you're young and living in the city, brunch is about bloody marys and mimosas, not eggs benedict and lox. Sadly, it's rare to leave a truly satisfying Saturday or Sunday brunch without dropping at least $50 on (food and) beverages, given that the average BM or M is upwards of $7 or $8. Not at McCrossen's!
Last week, I stumbled upon this GEM in the Art Museum area. On Saturdays and Sundays between 10:30 and 2:30, they have an all-you-can-drink brunch that deserves serious kudos. For $20, you get an entree and all of the bloodys and mimosas that you can drink. Too good to be true? I thought so. But it is! And it gets better!
The setting alone is awesome. There is a bar with a great selection of draft beers, and a dining area as well. It was far from crowded, I think there were only two or three other tables full when we arrived (late) at 12:30. The service? Could not be beat. Bob - the bartender/waiter - was super nice and attentive. The food selection was a little limited, but very tasty. I had the "steak and eggs", which was techincally "hamburger and eggs", served on top of this delightful potato patty. My friends got omelets which they seemed to enjoy. As much as I'd like to avoid sounding like a lush, the star of the show was truly the bloody mary. Typically for me, it's one and done for bloodys, since they're so thick that they could be considered a meal in and of themselves. But this one was light, smooth, and delicious! 
When I told Bob that he'd be seeing this face again, I meant it. Two very enthusiastic thumbs up.When I lived in Fairmount this was one of my favorite spots. Amazing staff who made you feel like the only guest in the place, fantastic food with specials that were unique and well thought out. Comfortable and a wonderful touch was the difference in vibe with each different bartender. In a neighborhood filled with restaurants, bars and gastropubs McCrossen's stands out as the "don't miss" place to be.2 trips to McCrossens now. Once in the bar area, once in the dining room. This is exactly the type of place I wish was next door to my house. "Cozy" is the perfect one word description. It's a locals joint that actually doesn't frown upon outsiders. The bartender and server both times were very outgoing and pleasant. This place doesn't have a dictionary sized beer list, but the ones they do offer are always good choices. Always a handful of quality craft brews to choose from. Food is very good to excellent. Perfect pub grub. The wings are well spiced and very tasty. My wife is somewhat of a French Onion soup aficionado and this place did not disappoint. Even the brunch items are good...Belgian waffles and "steak" and eggs. Had a table right next to the fireplace on a cold and rainy Sunday with a plate of habanero wings and pints of Troegs....I'm ready to pick up where I left off.$20 for brunch and endless bloody marys and mimosas... you can't go wrong! Definitely go for the steak and eggs too - you'll regret it if you don't.Although the staff was very sweet, the food definitely left us wanting. I had heard great things about brunch, so we tried it out on a Sunday and were disappointed. The Three Cheese and Sausage omelet was really greasy and the sausage was shady and grey. The Brie and Mushroom omelet was watery and the fruit to accompany it was not great. Plus, the server never brought napkins, salt/pepper, ketchup etc. I may return because the staff was nice, but I'll definitely be trying a different brunch spot.Great vibe, great bartender, and fantastic food. We stopped by due to an urban daddy recommendation.  Not disappointed. We ordered three rounds of beers, all suggestions from our bartender who was friendly, informative and professional. Ordered Brussels sprouts and calamari from small plates during happy hour and could not have been more impressed. Food came out fast, crispy, hot and honestly some of the best gastropub food I've had. If we lived in Philly I'd probably be there every night.Do NOT be fooled! This place has consistently gone down hill and the service is non existent. What started out as bottomless turned in to $2 bloody Mary's or mimosas, then to $3 and now within a few months it has skyrocketed to $5 for a not so full 75% orange juice mimosa. They had just added a bellini to the menu which sold out as well as the salmon Benedict and the potato cake. The food was never the best, but the cheap drinks used to make up for it ... Not anymore! Consider yourself warned!!They just decided not to do brunch today and then the girl at the bar had an attitude about it. Stay awayI was visiting over the weekend and stopped in here for dinner after going to the art museum. I really liked the ambiance and the food. My fiance and I sat at the bar- the bartender was very nice (I think his name was James). It got really busy while we were there and he did forget to bring one drink. It was not a big deal to us, but when I asked for the bill, he realized he forgot. He brought us the drink free of charge even though I said it was OK. 
Onto the food...we loved it! The Fall Leaf Salad and the Grilled Chicken Breast Sandwich really hit the spot.This bar is a nice stop to relax and enjoy a few drinks and grab something simple to eat. The fries and burger are delicious. It's very clean and the staff is very friendly; I don't understand why the spot wasn't packed on a Saturday night at 6. 4 out of 5SLAM DUNK! I rolled up in a mint ivory white Cutlass and talk about FLAVOR TOWN. I hit the Mother load with this gem. Who ever runs this joint nailed it. Food, drinks, staff it's firing on all cylinders. A must stop!Favorite happy hour spot in the city! They have great drink specials from 5-7 Monday thru Friday.  They have a good selection of draft beers that change pretty frequently & great wines. 
Entrees are a little pricey, but really good. The beet salad is delicious & their wings are great too. Plus, the bartenders are really friendly.Friends and I stumbled on this place for brunch and were stunned. I ordered steak and eggs and can honestly say this was the best meal I've had in Philadelphia thus far.
The most heavenly chive hash browns!
I cannot wait to go back and so everyone!
p.s. I had to go to work that day but there is an option of unlimited mimosas/bloody marys that i'm verrryyyy eager to try out :)
Went back with my obnoxiously picky foodie friend. He too ordered the steak and eggs and didn't leave a morsel on his plate :D... Unfortunately steak and eggs might be the only killer dish on the menu but it's enough to keep me coming back.... and the ridiculously hot waiter.Hands down my favorite spot to eat in the city. They do the simple things well. Their burgers and wings are both tops in Philly. Then they have things like whipped ricotta, roasted bone marrow and charcuterie for the ultimate foodies. Incredible beer selection. They change the taps every 1 or 2 weeks and always have something interesting awaiting for beer snobs and novices alike. Do yourself a favor and check it out!This place is so cozy!  We stopped in last weekend and once before that a few months ago and got great service both times.  Everyone was friendly and attentive.  The holiday decor they have up right now makes it feel so nice and warm.  Some great beers on tap.  We had one of the happy hour appetizers - some type of flatbread with blue cheese I think.  It was okay.  The service and atmosphere are what make this place a nice bar to visit.Normally, I'm able to go with the flow at any restaurant and still maintain my dietary preferences (no meat, no fried stuff).  Not so at McCrossen's....which is a shame because I like everything about the place, except the menu and the attitude toward a restricted diet.
This review is fair warning for others with similar goals/lifestyles or allergies.  The options for none meat eaters are few (like 1 or 2 maybe), and those that are not high fat are even fewer (if any).  On one occasion, meat was not listed in the ingredients, and when I asked to confirm that there was no meat in the dish I was told "absolutely not."  Of course, when it arrived there were pieces of sausage throughout.  When I tried to refuse the dish because there was meat in it, I was met with an argument.  I just want to be clear about something.  For many of us who have not eaten meat for years, it's not a matter of being "high maintenance" or "fussy eaters".  We get ill when those bits of surprise meat go into our bodies.  I wouldn't force someone with a peanut allergy to eat PB&J.      Why the hostility?McCrossens is quickly becoming a new neighborhood favorite! In the winter, it feels warm and cozy inside and makes you feel at home. Great beer list and tasty cocktails. The food is also good, the burgers are one of the best in the city. Such a neighborhood feel, always is nice to become familiar with bartenders!Showed up for lunch today and the place was half empty. The bar was almost completely empty. After the hostess ignored us for a few minutes, the bar tender told her to tell us we will have to wait if we wanted a table (as if she couldn't speak to us directly). So we asked if we could sit at one of the six empty tables in the bar area, the hostess replied - I kid you not - "sure, but she (the bar tender) probably won't serve you anything."  So our party of four spent our $100 elsewhere...Very nice place with friendly servers and a great burger. Look forward to going back.McCrossen's will always hold a special place in my heart. When I made the jump from Manayunk to the big city in '08 this was my crew's neighborhood hang out. No matter what night I went in knew I'd see one of my buddies or a bar regular who had now become a buddy. The food was always good but the focus was more on the drinks and social aspects more than the dining establishment it is today (not saying that's a negative just pointing it out). As time goes on we all moved to different parts of the city new bars became our haunts and McCrossen's became a fond but distant memory. 
Having an unusually stressful day at work I hit up boo and told her I needed a drink and some wings in the worst way and asked if she wanted to go to happy hour. She suggested McCrossen's because we hadn't been there in years and they have what I was looking for.  I was cool with it. I knew that none of our bartender friends still worked there and that the kitchen had gone through a major overhaul but that that chef had recently moved on and basically we would be walking into a whole new bar than the one we'd left behind in 2011 but it was how different was what surprised me.
We got there at 6:15 on a Wednesday and there were a couple of people sitting at the bar having quiet conversations. It was dark and didn't feel overly inviting but one of the two beers on special for happy hour sounded interesting and boo wanted the melon bellini which was another HH drink so I figured we're here lets try it out. 
The beer I wanted was kicked and they were out of the melon liquor for the bellini so boo ended up with a mamosa and I just ordered a Hendricks martini up. Not exactly the drink that comes to mind with wings but at this point I just wanted something strong. There was a lot of ice floating in it which kinda bothered me but it tasted good so it's cool. We also put in for an order of calamari from the happy hour menu which tasted fine but was soggy and probably could have been in the fryer a minute longer. 
Our entrees were fine. I got the large order of wings which at $17 was a bit steep but I was full so I can't complain. Boo had a salad with goat cheese and bowl of French onion which she said were both fine but also a bit generic. 
McCrossen's by all accounts is a fine neighborhood joint but it seems like a world away from the place I would walk into at 7:30 on a Thursday to someone belting out a spot on rendition of Andrea Bocelli at the bar followed by a group sing of Purple Rain. I'd like to keep those memories so I probably won't be coming back here for awhile.Great $5 mimosas with brunch, but brunch was nothing special. The menu was pretty basic and not very "brunchy." I'd stick with lunch/ dinner here - the burgers are good and the fries are amazing!There are better places to go in the neighborhood. Went here with my husband- we ordered scallops, salad, and some sort of chicken sandwich. It was average. The manager asked us how everything was- my husband said the scallops are a bit salty and the chicken was over cooked. We weren't upset about it and we were not looking for any kind of discount. My husband must have offended the man. The manager became defensive whir making up excuses- "Well, everything is fresh, you can't be right." Don't ask if you don't want to know. 
Alas, now we just walk past this place now- it's not worth another visit since so many other places with friendlier service have opened up in the neighborhood.Great Food, Staff, Music, Beer, Cocktails and Atmosphere makes this one of the top neighborhood bars in Fairmount and Philadelphia.We arrived and met our friends that were already waiting (6 of us all together) and were immediately seated. I initially wanted to go to McCrossen's to take advantage of their $20 brunch with bottomless mimosas, but apparently they stopped doing that. Nevertheless, brunch was awesome. The mimosas were only 3 bucks a pop and they're fresh and huge. No tiny glasses here. Not to mention, our glasses were kept full by the friendly and efficient service. We ordered everything from french toast to veggie omelettes, and EVERYTHING was delicious. We ended up staying for about 2 1/2 hours and enjoyed every minute of it. Our entire bill was only around $140 give or take, which is fantastic considering the 500 mimosas and 6 entrees we consumed. New favourite brunch place for sure!Came here for lunch with a few good friends.  It was about 2pm on a Sunday and they were still serving brunch, which we thought was odd.  We were seated right away as the place was pretty empty.  The bartender was extremely friendly and the mimosas were $5 which I loved!  The food was amazing and well priced. We all cleaned our plates.  I ordered the huevos rancheros which was so delicious!!! Super fresh and the eggs were cooked perfectly.  We will definitely be back and I highly recommend!Loved the atmosphere. Hot Jerry was not too exciting: more like traditional caugh syrups. Too spicy for my taste.
NOTE: I EDITED MY REVIEW AFTER checking in more times. The service is poor. And, food is just ok. I'm going to give this place a last try. Hope that they don't disappoint me.Has the makings of what could be a GREAT bar. Awesome atmosphere, good lighting, nice hardwood bar and seating etc... Actually makes it feel like a classy or more upscale neighborhood bar. But then the food comes, the menu is terrible and the food is this deep fried, over cooked, mess. I've only been there twice so haven't tried everything on the menu, but the fish tacos, burgers, calamari and Brussel sprouts (staples as bar food) all shit. No fish in the taco, burger overcooked, sprouts loaded down with oil and butter and calamari deep fried to crisp. 
Now you might be thinking, it's a bar dude... What do you expect? And normally I don't complain or even write reviews for that matter, but at prices like there's, and this upscale thing they're trying to pull - step the food game up. 
Oh and "house salad" is arugula on a plate w some sloppy red onions and olive oil thrown on top... For 7 bucks.The food was very good but the service was horrible. One of the waitress was rude and was so bad at her services. The waitress kept saying they were busy but there was no line in front of the restaurant. My friend ordered a Bloody Mary, it took so long and then waitress came back and said they didn't have it any more (after a long time and after we asked for it). He ended up order something else. Then, we asked for water, the waitress said don't have glasses. I was not sure what is going on. The waitress also has very short temper. We could sense the frustration and it was horrible. 
Beside, the waitress was horrible, the wings were so delicious. 
I understood it was the holiday but they should be more tentative with their job.Although I am still disappoint they McCrossen got ride of its unlimited brunch the place is still solid it was just a little more awesome when there was a unlimited brunch option so close to home.  Food always been solid no complains there.  It on the smaller side, great place to go with a small group of 2 or 3.  Service has always been good every time I've been.First visit...nice laid back decor...separate dining from from the bar...makers mark old fashioned was good...small lunch menu...the hamburger won out over the pork sandwich by a slim margin...I did see what looked like a really nice beet salad go by to another table...burger cooked medium, very tasty...not overly juicy...fries nice and crispy. I will try again next time I'm in the area.Great beer list, lovely ambience, and delicious food. The service was fantastic. I would recommend making a reservation on a Friday or Saturday night, as folks tend to stick around after they finish eating in the dining room.
On weekdays the kitchen closes early, but that doesn't mean it isn't worth going, just don't expect a late meal.
I've been for dinner and just drinks and enjoyed myself on both occasions.What a great find! The place is super cute with high top tables and views of the bar. Our waiter was top notch and offered great drink selections. My buffalo flat bread pizza was awesome! Absolutely going back.habanero wings, YAAAAS. gimme more!The $20 all-you-can-drink brunch is definitely fun.  I had the bloody marys and they were delicious.  The food options are a little limited, but tasty.
It's also a nice place to watch a game with a group of people.  We watched the last game of the Stanley Cup here.  The food is good and the beer list more than adequate.We had a great dinner here. The seating area was warm and cozy, with a little fire, the service was friendly and efficient, and the food was excellent. The arugula salad was one of the best salads I've ever had. The entrees were a tad small (big eaters might be disappointed), but I asked if they had any sides, and they made me some Brussels sprouts, so I got fullish. Great cheesecake, too. Go.If I could give this place a lower rating than one star....I would.     Sweet waiteperson, but overpriced mediocre food.      Arrogant chef unwilling to correct mistakes gives incredibly lame excuses for food that doesn't deliver.   Totally insulted.   Menu overly complicated.    Few things came out of kitchen as described.
I would go again for a beer....but NEVER for another bite of food.Woke up wanting a GOOD Bloody Mary. Was really feeling a horseradish filled / super spicy one so my husband and I took to Google for ' the best bloody in philly'. We were guided to McCrossen's. We had high hopes, but were very let down in the bloody department. Although it was spicy it was mainly just hot sauce and it was pretty watery. So nothing special and definitely not the best, but for $5 it was decent. 
Our brunch meals however were excellent. I ordered the blueberry waffles which were so filling and fluffy. I will totally stop by here again for them without a doubt. My husband ordered two eggs and sausage and had no complaints either! -- Our server was friendly and sweet. We will definitely be back. Also their lunch menu looked great.limited but good happy hour.  cozy during the winter, but can get busy and loud.  service is good.Tasty burgers, homemade meatloaf on pita and Italian pork sandwich - all of which our group enjoyed. In addition to an interesting selection of beers on tap, they have a good selection of wines and a full bar. The staff is friendly and attentive - Joanne took excellent care of us.Came here after seeing the reviews on Yelp. We came on a a Friday evening during happy hour. We were seated quickly and waited a while before anyone came to take our order. Drinks were good, food was good. 2nd round of drinks took way too long and we had a waitress that it was her 1st night. She was waiting on lots of tables and making her own drinks too. There were 2 bartenders a tall guy and another girl that were pretty much just having social hour with each other behind the bar. Again the food and drinks were good, we are new to the area- from New Orleans, the service here wouldn't be acceptable there.McCrossen's is a local pub with a unique craft beer selection. It's dark and cozy with a Cheers feel.
Unfortunately, the burger just isn't what it used to be. It used to be my favorite burger in the city and my favorite hidden gem. After two burgers in the recent months, I think that ship has sailed. The burger is ok, but favorite burger isn't happening here anymore. Please note that a salad instead of fries is an up charge that is neither noted on the menu or mentioned at the time of ordering.
Their bottomless brunch isn't happening either (I know the listing still pops up as a bottomless brunch spot).
With that being said, craft beer lovers, rejoice! The selection more rare than average, although not the deepest selection of rare beers in the neighborhood. I'll be be sticking to the draft list when it strikes me and not jumping to eat there moving forward.Oh, McCrossen's. I love you so. Is it the fact that you're 2 blocks from my house so I can do something unthinkable like have 2 cocktails on a Wednesday and not regret it? Is it the fish tacos? Is it the disturbingly attractive waitstaff?
Whatever it is, this is my go-to joint and I love it so.  In the last year and a half, I haven't disliked one dish I've ordered, and the bar tenders are so nice about helping you figure out exactly what drink you want. And I have to say, at first glance, you don't expect this neighborhood bar to have great food - but it does! They are suprisingly thoughtful in their preparation of the dishes and the specials change often. 
My personal advice is to avoid it on weekend nights, but that's not because it's a bad place to be - it's because weekend nights are when the d-bags come out. Nowhere is safe, and I know that now. The cutest little gastropub will become overrun with socially damaged pen salesman in Abercrombie knockoffs drenched in CK One and there is nothing ANY OF US can do about it.
All we can do, children, is hang tight until Monday night. Then, go to McCrossen's. Verbally abuse Jamie and Joe and Bill for playing horrible music. Listen as Jamie and Joe and Bill change the music.  Eat fish tacos. Consider ordering a second plate of fish tacos. Drink Allagash or Knob Creek bourbon and stare at the candles. Talk about stuff with your friends that you only talk about once you've found a bar that feels like an extension of home.Came here the other night for dinner.
The whipped ricotta was the only positive thing about this dinner, as mentioned by the other reviewers. They only gave a few pieces of toasted bread for a ton of ricotta. Would have appreciated more...toasted bread. We got the burger and the duck breast. Burger; a small patty (about half as thick as the picture posted by another reviewer) and VERY bland. I don't think there was any salt, pepper, or sauce on this burger. Bun was also cold (I think it was just taken out of the fridge), although it had grill marks on it. As unsatisfying as the burger was, the duck breast (at $18) was a total joke. I wish I had taken a picture. I could have finished it in 5 bites, literally. Probably an OK place to have a drink and hang out, but wished the first experience was better.Having a nice day in Philly with my lovely wife and beautiful daughter! Very nice place, close to Franklin Institute. Clean, good beer selection and service is FANTASTIC! Ask for Justin as waiter. Recommended to all.This place is my favorite neighborhood spot and I stop in at least once a week. The bartenders and owners are super friendly and my friends and I love chatting with them. Also, the buffalo chicken flat bread is easily my favorite and their rotating beer list never disappoints. If you are looking for a place where you can feel like family, this is it.just had brunch here the other day.  Really enjoyed it.  all the servers are very beautiful, not to seem too shallow, but that was a plus. Had the steak and egg, which was really a hamburger and egg, but was delicious.  Nice beer selection, etc.  Will definitely return next time I'm in philly.Had brunch there today!  This was the best steak and eggs that I've ever had in my life, and its not even steak!...it's really a burger that sits on top of a fried mashed potato patty with a sunny side up egg on top of the steak.  It was fantastic!  When I saw other people who had ordered the steak and eggs, I wanted to congratulate them.  As for the people who didn't I could only shake my head at their loss.  My friend ordered the waffles and wasn't impressed.  He doesn't like runny eggs so he turned down my offer to let him taste and I'm glad he did.   I really do not like orange juice unless it has vodka or champagne in it and lucky for me McCrossen's has bottomless mimosas for brunch(they have bottomless bloody marys too). The waitress never lets your glass get empty!  The cost is $20 for one brunch menu item and the unlimited mimosa/bloody mary.  The brunch menu is limited but really, just get the steak and eggs. Thank me later.Although their food offerings are pretty limited and don't change very often, I find myself going to McCrossen's more than any bar in the area. It's cozy and well-lit and doesn't get very crowded, which is nice. Their beers are kind of expensive and not very varied, but they do have a Troegs tap, which is nice. Their well drinks are only $3.75, though, and they're willing to make any kind of drink you want as long as it's well liquor. 
As far as their food goes, however, they don't have too much to offer. Their wings and baked Brie are the only two dishes that I've really enjoyed, but I must say that their wings are really good. The service is all right; I really like a couple of the bartenders and don't like two or three. I guess that's how it is everywhere, though, right?
Overall, I come back here all the time, but mostly just for a happy hour drink or two or a drink at the end of the night. Their well drinks are definitely their best deal, because they pack a lot of punch for the least amount of money.I'd heard about this place from a friend, so I went for dinner w/my bf last night (Sun).  I'm sorry, but there are so many good places in the city and this is just NOT one of them.  The service was bad..not terrible, but more like skittish with a side of Harvard-grad wanna be.  The wings were ok.  His burger was ok.  It's hard to really put the vibe here into words, but I'll try.  It's both everywhere and nowhere at the same time.Great $5 mimosas with brunch, but brunch was nothing special. The menu was pretty standard and not very "brunchy." I'd stick with lunch/ dinner here - the burgers are good and the fries are amazing!Good bar in the neighborhood and good atmosphere. The  happy hour special isn't really a "special"  (only $1 off well and $0.50 off premium) which is a little disappointing. However, their weekend $20 all-you-can-drink brunch is something to check out. For our last brunch there, we did arrive an hour before the brunch special ended and we were cut off right at 2:30pm so make sure you get in early to take advantage of the special.I have been here several times for drinks, bar food, and dinner...but I have never made it for brunch.  In a city that loves brunch, and waits of up to 2 hours at some locations (Sabrina's), McCrossen's turned out to be a great choice.  Their dining room is very clean and well decorated for a "bar" and the brunch we had was good as well.  They apperently do a $20 all you can drink momosa and bloody mary bruch as well, I'd like to come back and give the bloody's a try.Amazing cozy little gastro pub that never disappoints. Excellent food and awesome service. I especially love Joann the bartender...so friendly and so knowledgeable about beer. Love this place!They DO NOT have bottomless mimosas, I walked 25min to get  here  and was severely disappointed to find it is $5 a drink.Had a great Friday night again with my wife at McCrossen's. To chop it down, Jamie and Kevin show getting better, everyday week, seamless! super guys, super place,What a nice night.  
Long, long week and doing the Friday night. Jamie, always the best, a deep friend. Young, nice young dude said try the crab cakes, we tried, 5 star, 3 cakes, all super. These are not just CC, they are98% crab, the best.McCrossen's epitomizes the "neighborhood restaurant." Located in the Fairmount area, it's got a homey, yet sleek pub feel. Chefs such as Four Season & Lacroix alum, Townsend Wentz, have been at the helm over the years, elevating the dishes beyond just standard pub fare. 
So for brunch, the GF's family and I stopped by for some grub. There's plenty of seating, whether it's at the bar or at a table.
Mimosa [$5]
I believe bottomless brunch used to be offered, but it's $5 brunch cocktails now. We enjoyed some mimosas on this particular morning. 
Whipped Ricotta [$8]
Thyme, olive oil, pigment d'espelette, grilled rustic bread
The healthy portion of whipped ricotta was topped with espelette chili pepper and seasoned well, along with a splash of EVOO to add some richness. The ricotta was slightly more grainier than I would have liked, but the rustic crostini was excellent - freshly grilled with olive oil, salt, and pepper. 
Brandied Mushroom and Brie Omelettes [$10]
Red bliss potatoes, fresh fruit
The GF opted for a lighter brunch, with a well-cooked omelette encasing a good mix of creamy brie and earthy, yet sweet brandied mushrooms. A pattering of crisp red bliss potatoes and diced fruit rounded out the plate. 
Creekstone Farms Burger [$12]
8 oz burger, fries
I went with the house burger, which featured a great meat blend and was cooked to a perfect medium-rare. Still, it could have been seasoned a bit more. The brioche bun was the perfect bun-to-meat ratio though and the accompanying fries were well-seasoned, crisp, and creamy within. 
Overall, McCrossen's hit the spot for brunch and though the burger could have been seasoned better, McCrossen's delivers in terms of pub fare. Definitely a place I could see myself stopping by for a drink as well.Hidden little gem! It is super classy and perfect for a really nice meal. The pasta is deliciously flavorful and the service was great!Came here on a Thursday night around 10:50pm. Was told that we were going to be given a "late night" menu. Didn't know they would get rid of the regular menu that early in the night seeing as though they close at 2 am. The late night menu is VERY limited. I know that's the point of them but this really didn't have that many simple options for us to choose from. The drink menu wasn't that impressive either. I got the "American girl" cocktail and it literally tasted like Big Red bubblegum. To our surprise, when the food came out...it was very fresh. However, the small tables were really hard to fit all our food for a table of four. My cousin and I shared a large order of hot honey wings, which were pretty good. Nothing more to say. My boyfriend got the burger, he liked it and the fries were nice and crispy. My sister got the shrimp tacos, she said they were okay. A little bland. We also got calamari and fried brussel sprouts to share. These were SO good. They're the reason I gave this place an extra star. Don't know if I would come again though.We had such a great time here. Such a good time that we end up staying for several hours. We started with the Whipped Ricotta App, which was amazing. Wonderful beer & Whiskey selection along with a really caring and friendly staff. Would absolutely go back!!Great scene, interesting food, good people. Probably the best independent restaurant I have been to in Philly.  Granted that is a fairly limited experience, maybe 50?  Great location.  A must do if you are in the neighborhood.We walked here after visiting the Franklin Institute. The atmosphere was comfortable. The food was great, and the waitress was attentive. We had mussels, pear-gorgonzola-walnut salad, penne vodka, baby back ribs, and a "confit" pork sandwich which wasn't exactly confit but was very good. The chef accomidated my request to substitute a very nice veg medley for the fries. We were glad we found the place.Like mentioned in another review, McCrossen's is easy to miss, but I am very excited we happened upon this place.  Its a cozy bar with friendly people, a really nice atmosphere, and great food.  My date and I were here for dinner and drinks on New Year's Eve.  McCrossens had a special prix fixe, multi-course menu for NYE, but their regular dinner menu was also available which we decided to order from.
Our waitress was incredibly nice and helpful.  The cheese plate was AMAZINGLY good, with a great selection of cheeses, fruits, and spreads.  Their basket of fries is HUGE and much more my style than a nearby cafe's "pomme frites."  
There are a few bars/restaurants in the small area around McCrossens that I really enjoy, but McCrossens has a nicer feel and the prices don't reflect it. We'll be back for certain.My wife and I had a couple great meals here on our recent visit to Philadelphia. They had a newer menu than shows up on their website. I had the scallops ... wonderfully seasoned with raisins, capers, and it had on excellent flavor. My wife had the salmon .... which was a large piece of salmon, cooked perfectly, nice and tender. As an appetizer, we ordered the hummus. That was some of the best hummus I've ever had ... highly recommend it. And to top it off, they actually had Dogfish Head 90 min IPA on tap! 
We came back for brunch the next day, it was a very good meal. I did have one of their Bloody Marys. Great flavor, just too spicy (hot) for my taste. (And I typically like a nice spicy salsa). I would have given McCrossen's five stars in absence of that ... since Yelp doesn't have half point deductions ... four stars it is.My honey and I were on a long awaited vacation touring around Philly.  We "yelped" for places close to our hotel and decided to give this a try.  We started with some craft beers we don't normally have at home.  The list was pretty impressive.  We got the cheese plate appetizer, which was very fun, if you like cheese.   We also tried the hummus, which was ok (but I am a fan of garlicy hummus.)  We both got pasta dishes for dinner, which were good and had a slight "we are doing a different take on an old fave" quality.    
We sat in the bar area, which we thought might be a problem, but on a Thursday night, turned out to be charming without being overwhelming and loud.  We really liked our server, she was very friendly and attentive to our needs.  The overall cost was pretty high, but as a special treat for us we went all out.  It was worth it for the ambiance and laid back atmosphere.   We relaxed and enjoyed every minute we were there.Planned a visit to the museum of art, and wanted a place for lunch beforehand.  Found McCrossen's on google, and thought the menu looked interesting.  Because it was Sunday at noon, we had their brunch menu, which had some very good options.  In our little party of 3, we had the burger, a falafel sandwich, as well as the huevos rancheros (excuse the spelling), and everything that we had was very good. There were actually several things on the menu that looked appealing, so we'll just have to go back to try the other options.  Another patron at the table next to us had the chicken & waffles, and it looked very good, too.  We were dining outside since they have a few tables outdoors along the alley, as well as a couple of tables in front.  The service was fine - they took care of us, and checked on us at least 1-2 times over the course of the meal.  I will want to go back again to try other items such as the eggs benedict or chicken & waffles.Love this place, great place to grab a beer or a meal after or before the art museum. I have a very special obsession with spicy food and I am so glad that even as the menu has changed over the years they keep their habanero wings around- some of the spiciest wings you can get in the city. A spice addicts dreamStopped here on our way back from Adventure Aquarium for the family on a Saturday.  It was brunch time and not very crowded at all which is why I was surprised that the service was so untimely.  
The food was good.  We got the huevos rancheros, wings and burger.  The food was decent.  Our huevos rancheros were excellent.  The burger was also delicious but it was under cooked.  The wings were ice cold. 
It took ages to get our drink order in, to get drinks, get our food order in, get food and it wasn't crowded at all. There were 2 other tables and the bar was pretty empty so I am not really about the cause of the delay.  
They have 1 booster seat and 1 high chair.  It's nice that they can accommodate families but I wouldn't call it a family place by any stretch of the imagination. 
I can't really give this place higher than a 4 because the service was soooo slow but the food was pretty descent. If the service was better, this place would have received a solid 4 from me.I ate dinner at McCrossen's the other week and it was an excellent experience with superb food, an attentive staff and a very cozy ambiance. We gave the chef liberty with what we were served, so I tried many things I normally would not eat, such as pate, pig tails, sweetbreads and bone marrow, but was pleasantly surprised by all. The pate was bursting with flavor and I really liked the harder consistency. I had never tried pig tail before, and was a little put off by the concept, but the meat was juicy and just fell off of the bone. The duck stuffing was a great side to compliment any dish. 
Aside from the pate, my two favorite dishes were the veal sweetbreads and the scallops. The sauces for both of these dishes were incredible and it was apparent how much effort had been put in to developing the flavor of them. The sweetbreads came with a thicker sauce that was a party in my mouth, while the scallop had a light refreshing sauce. Although I had a bad connotation of how sweetbreads would taste, I now dream of those that I ate at McCrossen's.
Hats off to the chefs for giving me one of the best meals I have ever had. I highly recommend McCrossen's to anyone looking for a nice and delicious meal, and encourage diners to be adventurous with the menu. You will not be disappointed.This place has definitely stepped up their food offering in the past few years. It always seemed like a neighborhood-only bar where everyone knew each other and outsiders were not welcome.  That has also changed. 
We had - 
the panzella salad, which was pretty good
the fish tacos, which were great
parpadelle bolognese, the pasta was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was good, however it had a citrus taste to it.  We couldn't figure out exactly what that flavor was.  
Ambiance is really nice too in the restaurant, not so much in the bar.Maybe we went at the wrong time but they seemed to be understaffed ...drink came after we were done eating. One of the drinks never came and when asked then the waitress mentioned they are out of an ingredient. The waitress was extremely rude and gave false information.My Wife and I just recently moved into the Art Museum Area and while quite hungry, stumbled into McCrossen,s for Dinner! WHAT A FIND!! Great Atmosphere, Great Food, Great Friendly Bar, and An Amazing Guy by the name of Jamie! I think he is an Owner and Mgr, Took Fabulous care of us and made the whole Experience at McCrossen,s The Very Best! This Guy Just Gets It!! Even bought us a round of drinks due to being so crowded and bumping my chair numerous times! We not only love the Art Museum Area, we love what McCrossen's has done for the Neighborhood! One Awesome Bar!!
Happy, And Repeat Customers!
Locals..........McCrossen's Tavern is friendly ... an old chum you've met for the first time. It presented us with an inviting dining space, we had an attentive and helpful server (we heard "Take your time" more than once), and we even met a friendly stranger during the course of the evening. ;*}
We felt at home the moment we sat down -- which I suppose for many can be seen as a mixed blessing. The upscale dining area is separate from the rowdy bar area yet not isolated from it, so the space gets loud; the music bleeding over was at times overwhelming. On a chilly February evening the packed dining room got unusually warm. A fan twirled lazily overheard and at one point management had to shut off the gas fireplace next to our table. The room is illuminated by lots of candles and a few spot lights, so it was a bit of a challenge to read the menus. Those complaints aside ... gosh, it's a pretty, cozy room that felt comforting from start to finish and never seemed crowded despite the full house. 
We ordered a plate of wings for an appetizer, which in spirit had to come straight from the bar side of the establishment. They were good, and they were a pretty good deal. For an entrée I ordered salmon, which turned out to be a smallish cut accompanied by a few meager stalks of asparagus, two tiny sautéed tomatoes, and perhaps a teaspoon of pesto. Here McCrossen's gets dinged for serving size, but hoo-boy, the salmon was prepared beautifully. The only way I describe its consistency is with the old standby: buttery. My dining companion ordered a burger and fries, and they were both excellent and generously portioned. The fries were well-done (how we like 'em, though we didn't ask for it); crispy on the outside and silky inside. The burger would give Rembrandt's a run for its money, and using binoculars it might even be in sight of the beef sammich at a certain infamous Philly establishment.
The chalkboard of desserts caught our squinting eyes -- "Does that say 'macaroons' or 'macaroni'?" -- and we ordered the former. :^D   We received a plate of three petite French macaroons. They were good -- they better have been, at two bucks per pop. The macaroons were lighter than air but heavier than sugar. The lemon ones were bonafide puckers.
So just between friends, McCrossen's ... despite your miscues, despite your split personality, you had your way with us. We enjoyed our evening dining with you, and though we rarely hit the same place twice I can see us returning to your welcoming arms again. That says something.