This place has a great staff, plentiful TV's for watching whatever game you'd like and loads of beers to choose from. If you're looking for a laid back place to watch a game, this is a great option. Plenty of tables in this not-small-but-not-large bar. Not to mention it's the oldest running bar in Philly? Can't go wrong, as a beer lover. They've got a full bar as well, but that's not what brings in the crowd.Great piece of history.  Cool building on a narrow street.  Inside, tons of local memorabilia to interest the eyes, befitting Philadelphia's oldest continuously serving bar.  Super lunch, cheap and filling.  Sweetheart of a server, awesome service.  Nice touch:  self-serve complimentary soups with lunch.  Fill a crock and sit in front of a roaring real fireplace (not fake, as another Yelper suggested).  I'll have to venture back for that outdoor fall festival and dare I say: St. Patrick's Day.  A good time.I went here before and after a scavenger hunt. We were starving afterwards and decided to get chicken tenders, which were pretty much your average heated-up-from-frozen fare. Good enough for what we wanted at that moment, but just based on that, I probably wouldn't rush back. Also, I'm not a huge fan of it being in an alley with dumpsters and stuff. But apparently the beer list is good, so maybe that's a reason to try it again.Enjoyong a great night with friends. Bar food thats tasty and affordable. Drinks are strong and cheap.My favorite bar in Philadelphia, with great Karaoke nights. I am not sure what it is that draws me to McGillins... but it can be really crowded and noisy, boisterous, and I always have a lot of fun! It's so alive, great atmosphere... and they have pretty cheap food beers.
It's definitely not the place for a quiet get together, but it's a nice place to hang out with friends if you're not looking for quiet! I think it's also the best place to be in Philly on St. Paddy's Day! You get people of all ages too, though age takes a back seat here. My friend had this 2 hour long conversation with a guy 3x his age (in spite of the noise level) and left smiling.This is my favorite pub in the city. I enjoy to sit in front of the fire and get nice and cozy with a pitcher of beer. Stop in around November and December to enjoy Christmas lights or hockey season to watch the flyers games on a huge tv. There are excellent wings specials on designated nights!Stopped in for an early lunch. Was surprised at the crowd size but service was still pretty good. Food tasted home made.4* for the building, the service and the local beers. The food is pretty good but small portions and just basic bar fare. The true champion is the building itself. It's an amazing place located in basically an alley. They have seemed to keep or restore the doors and windows to original period. The actual working fire place was great for my mom who wanted to shake off a chilly walk from the flower show. The staff is super friendly and well versed in both the menu and beer list. My girlfriend said the Shepards pie was a little watery. Both of our mothers really liked the French onion soup. I had the house roast beef sandwich. It was tasty but light on meat and only received a half cup of au jus. We heard it was haunted but I guess not at 2pm on a Sunday with a full house.I read the reviews, was a little reluctant to come to a frat house type bar, but came anyway. Maybe because it's a Sinday evening, but I would just call it typical pub: loud, young and older, couples/groups/singles.  Bottom line is decent food (I had chicken nachos), great selection of microbrews (the McGillin's ale is fabulous), walking distance from my hotel, and who can resist the oldest tavern in Philly?  On most trips I avoid eating at the same place twice, but I'll make an exception for McGollin'sWent here last night and the atmosphere was very intimidating. Bar was overcrowded and everyone seemed angry. Guys were pushing and shoving and it seemed like a fight could break out at any moment. Terrible crowd control.Good cheese steaks... Bad customer service.... Not very friendly.... Or attentive And our waitress had no idea about the woman in white...Really great bar, fun dive bar feel. We had an exceptional lunch here, far better than we expected based on the pub feel of the place. The sausage platter was especially excellent, but the burger was great as well! Plus the bartenders were great.Amazing atmosphere and energy! So fun! Great find.  Lotta friendly people and a great place to watch the game!This was worth the stop. It was fun to read the history of the place while we were there which talked about all of the signs inside (and out) are from businesses in the area that the bar has outlasted. Oldest continuously operating bar they claim. It was very busy but it wasn't too grubby or dirty (there was that many people) and we got beers pretty quickly but had to track down our waitress to pay.Place is super cheap, fun social gathering. I definitely recommend for a late night drink and bite to eat. The atmosphere is super chill but can also get really loud (which you would expect from a pub), would 100% recommendWe opened her up earlier. The house Irish ale was good. Friendly staff and a nice sized party room upstairs.Serving as the epicenter for Irish tomfoolery in Center City but tucked away on a filthy back alley, McGillin's is the right choice to satisfy the drinking needs of hobbits, hobos and normal people all alike.
This bar is large.  There is both a huge and open downstairs bar room when you first walk in, and an equally large upstairs with lots of tables that serve as great spots to gather some friends and grab a couple of pitchers of beer.  The food here is pretty standard bar fare: it's cheap and satisfying.
WHAT ROCKS:  Ample beer selections to include micro brews, and for a great price too.  But most importantly, the nachos, oh Lord have mercy those nachos!  They stack em' up a mile high and melt real colby-jack cheese all over them so perfectly you'd think they were constructed by a 16th century Italian sculptor.  I know, it's a hard pill to swallow that an Irish bar has such good nachos, but try them for yourself and I'm sure you'll agree with me that these nachos are a splendid food paring for beer you'll drink here.
WHAT SUCKS:  Super crowded and busy all the time.  Don't even think of coming anywhere near McGillin's around St. Patrick's Day unless you want to wait out in the cold for an hour just to get in, not get a beer served to you in a timely manner and all the while getting accidentally groped by a hobo due to the boat loads of people trapped inside.Best Irish bar in the city that I've been too, and there's a lot of good ones.  Great for St. Patty's Day, NCAA bball, food is good, staff seem cool.Awesome food.The Mac cheese and shephard pie were very good. The crab cake was tasty but  different, as I am from MD and used to less breading. The atmosphere was great if you are in the mood for a loud bar full of energy and the place was packed by 530.  Highly recommend the beer sampler if you are a fan of all types of tasty beers. I was shocked at how low our bill was and I will most definitely be back for more. Great service.Come here for the old timey saloon atmosphere, plentiful portions of home style food prepared with fresh ingridients, and the wide variety of booze and beer.  This is one happy place.  People come here to chill with friends,colleagues, and dates.  My buddy and I met here for lunch and were not disappointed.  This is not fine dining, yet you will enjoy your food and the vibe that will want you to return.  The service is fast and reliable but not fussy.  We had the Mile High Meat Loaf that was freshly prepared, moist, and tasty.  It was more like a dinner portion than one would order for lunch.  We ate it all!  We also had the mussels in white sauce that were plump and delicious. The friendly, caring staff make this a place that you will want to return to.It's lit...I'm from Boston and love a nice Irish pub. This place has an awesome vibe and an alley entrance which is just...incredible.The ambiance was great... SUPER LOUD at night (we were there at 11pm on a Thursday and it was PACKED and LOUD) but if you want that kind of vibe, check the place out. 
Lots of beer choices, awesome decor (like, really awesome) and friendly service. 
The food, however, was disappointing. The wings were dry and unmemorable, steak sandwich was tiny. The nachos were impressive at first sight, but seemed to be lacking in flavor. 
I still recommend checking it out if you're in the mood for some beers with friends. Just don't count on it for an amazing dinner.Cool building down an alley.  We went on a friday night after dinner downtown for a few drinks around 10pm, it was very busy and packed on the 1st and 2nd floor.  We got drinks on the first floor then went upstairs, we got a table to sit and relax at but it was too loud to hear each other.  The whole place is very load and primarily a 30 and under crowd.Exellent value for the area, and the service is above average. A good pick!When I say crabcakes what do you imagine?  I'm not looking for your description of the cake and its make-up, I'm looking for a number.  Am I the only one who sees the 's' on cakes, because apparently McGillin's doesn't seem to think that means plural.  Yes, their crabcakes platter is merely a single crabcake!  I keep looking at my receipt and note the 's'...
Beyond that rant, the food here is average and the service is hit or miss. If it wasn't a decent place to drink (with good pitcher specials), it would be a one-star review...A historic bar tucked away in center city, McGillins is solid.  It has a good beer selections and  nice deals for pitchers.  It also has fantastic wings (I can't speak to the other menu items that much).  Its always full of people, sometimes a little too full depending upon what you are looking for.  I'd prefer it for a Happy Hour or special events like Midtown Festival than for a Friday or Saturday night. I have yet to experience karaoke night, but my friends have told me it can be epic.I came here last night with a buddy and had an awesome time here. There were lots of people here for post sips and everyone was so nice. The vibe was fantastic from all of the karaoke performances. Everyone sings along and has a merry ole time. They have lots of great craft beer on tap and the bartenders couldn't be nicer. I will be back!!VERY LOUD! Food (double decker sandwich) was fair to good, fries were warm (not hot). I wouldn't go back. Really way too loud.A cool spot that's full of history and good beer. Sucks when it gets crowded, but that's your typical weekend night anywhere.I returned here with a group of friends.  We were trying to eat at the German place across the street, but it was packed and we were able to get a table here with no waiting.
This experience was much more pleasant than my prior visit.  The food was good (I had a cheesesteak quesadilla) and more importantly, the service was lovely.
The young lady who served us was delightful and she made me come back and up my ranking.  I now heartily endorse this place.Let me wear a hat. And the old dominion (cherry blossom lager) was amazing!!! Oldest tavern was pretty cool experience!!! I'd advise coming here during the night life for sure.I've probably waited too long to write this review nevertheless...I attended McGillin's on a Sunday night in February. I was taking a girl out for the second time with a group of her friends and I had another gentleman with me. The bar itself was very fun, vibrant, great beers, fun people etc. We sang Karaoke and had a stellar time.
The bill came it was 29.00 and some change so I offered to pay the tab. I handed the money to a waitress with long dark hair. I gave her 40.00 and handed her the small tab itself. I waited, I waited , I waited never got my change back. (I didn't want to make a big deal about an extra few dollars on a second time meeting a girl out.) So I let it go. No big deal. My friend and I were going to leave earlier than the girls so we kindly said our goodbyes forgot about the change... NO BIG DEAL?
About fifteen minutes later the girls call me from the bar asking me who I paid? I clearly specified the waitress I paid. The waitress comes on the phone, tells me she never received a payment...Then I get the night-shift manager on the phone she also advises me "My waitress is one of our best, she'd remember an 11.00 tip on a 29.00 order" etc Funny I spoke to the day manager, much more professional advised me the waitress was only working for two weeks.... I paid cash, horrendous mistake on my behalf. So with three girls thinking I left them with the tab, they REPAID the tab out of sheer humiliation (Not to consider the humiliation this place put me through to this point now anyway).
I knew I was right, I insisted to speak with the owner who refused to show me the camera (which was the giveaway) showing the transaction where I gave the waitress the money.. He neglected to show me the footage. He advised me he'd personally refund the girls their money and he gave me $11.00 back (my tip)... Mind you the loop I had to go through just to get that. Clearly the film would've showed me handing the money to the waitress, that is unless the cameras are as old as the bar is, which may be possible.
The night shift management expressed poor customer service skills. Foremost , the customer is always right, even when they are wrong and in this case I knew I was right. The waitress who was working at night who double charged the girls and myself honestly deserved to be barbecued over this, sorry Courtney or whatever your name is.
The owner could've handled it better. He WAS kind but far from genuine. I really really had a nice time at McGillin's but I'll never return to this establishment due to pathetic customer service and poor management.McGillin's was the first stop on our "Philly on Tap" tour this past weekend and I'm glad our guide took us there. I wish I knew about this place sooner, mainly because I'm a history guy and I would have loved to check it out years ago. It's been updated over the years, but there's no getting away  from the fact that this bar really has been around since 1860 based on the structure of the building. My girlfriend and I liked the tour visit so much that we came back for dinner later on. Different atmosphere then. Went from college football and casual drinking in the afternoon to a dance party at night but that's to be expected on a weekend. My only gripe is that they open up some space for a dance floor. It's not too much fun to have people dancing in between tables while you're trying to eat or talk amongst friends. Other than that, the food was delicious and the selection of local beers is top notch. I recommend some pitchers of Yards' Philadelphia Pale Ale or the Flying Fish Farmhouse Ale to get a taste of what the area has to offer.First night in this city and we're hauled to this institution for cold brews and good grub.  This pub shows its history and warmth, even with a fireplace against a brick wall.  Def a tavern feel that is lacking in my hometown: bars that refer to themselves as a pub or tavern.
The service was attentive, without hovering, by a gal who may have been family or an owner.  We ordered a draft beer, a bottled beer and the beer sampler.  The sampler has 6-7 small glasses, so be prepared!  For food we had grilled Salmon with a fruit salsa with rice and veggies, Open face roast beef sandwich with gravy and mashed potato, chicken tenders and fries.  Everything came out great!  The Salmon and Roast Beef were stand outs.  Pure comfort food!!
Definitely love the vibe of the place, we got a few more beers and just soaked in the Philly ambiance.  Love the town already.A staple we visit year after year! We always have a great time, the drinks are yummy especially the Philly flyer which tastes like a creamsicle and the rim is dipped in black sugar!  Its typical bar food but good enough for the atmosphere. Our group loved the wifi juke box so we ruled most of the night. Small, intimate place to drink with friends!! Plus, its the oldest pub in Philly therefore a must see.Holy moly. Not a place id ever go to hang out Unfortunately. I've quick ran in to grab food to go. Foods always been good!! Bartenders are nice and easy to deal with when they're working with the mobs if people yelling at them. The bouncers out front are friendly and they've brought my food out to me before so I wouldn't have to push through the crowd.Great service & tasty food. I loved it. Friendly waitress & fast efficient service. The ambiance was cozy & inviting! The meatloaf was excellent & the portions are generous. We had the beer sampler & all the beers were tasty.McGillin's is one of my favorite bars in the city. Karaoke, beer specials, and late night food.. what more can you ask for?! The atmosphere of the establishment screams out FUN! If you want a good time in the city, start your night off at McGillan's. Hands down, my favorite place to show my friends a good time in Philadelphia!Decided to have a pint on an early Monday afternoon.  Beer was ok, just under $5.  Decent but not impressive selection of drafts.  Very strange smell from the alley outside.  
Loud for a early Monday...not a casual drinking establishment?
The best part was certainly the decorations and atmosphere of the pub...and that is certainly what brought it up from a 2 or 3 star.Attempted to go here the other night.  I stepped in the front door, serpentined around a few high tops, then found myself exiting.
At no time were my feet touching the floor.  I was crowd-swept having inadvertently visited during a Saturday bar crawl event.  
Seeing it was a madhouse, I postponed my adventure and will make another attempt in the near future - perhaps midday during a Wednesday lunch outing.
Three tentative stars due to too much bar action happening outside the establishment anin the adjacent alley.  Felt like amateur hour to me, but to be fair, I'll give them another go when things are under control.
*As promised, gave the joint another chance.  Glad I did.  A midweek lunch stopover was the better way to go.  
Ordered the Chicken Parmesan with a Sly Fox (the beer, not the lady a few barstools over) and it was terrific.  Friendly bartender.  An atmosphere steeped in cool nostalgia.  The place is a real part of Philadelphia history.  It's amazing and should be looked into more deeply.  Documentary fodder.  Really.
Thank you, McGillins, for waiting for me.  Don't ever go away.What a quant pub.  It was established in 1860.  I didn't think you could get a meal for under 10 bucks in a big city.  They have daily specials prices just right.   I had the shepherds pie.  It was really good. Plus it came with a salad!   Great bargain in the big city.  Atmosphere is very pubish and lively.   I would come back.My boyfriend and I found this place while looking for a decent brunch restaurant in the city and it did not disappoint! We both finished our meals, the food was great! The inside of this restaurant is so adorably decorated with an American theme, and the history of this alehouse was very interesting to me (I'm a history minor). Our servers were both kind and welcoming. I would recommend if you're in the area!I have been to this bar a few times when staying in downtown Philly. It has a nice comfortable vibe, a good selection of beers at reasonable prices. On the last visit we probably had at least 6 pitchers with a tab around $80 before tip. Wandered in on quiz night and karaoke and had a good time even though we weren't local. Now if I just would have been smart enough to not sing Jump Around by House of Pain.went here for st pattys day.. and even though the place was packed, the service was quick and friendly; that is a hard feat to attain which is why I will be back. Also the drinks are priced well. I'm in.. but only on certain occasions .This is my favorite place to go to. The drinks are a good price and they have specials every night. Karaoke is always super fun. The crowd on Friday an Saturday nights suck but that's why I prefer to go during the week or Sunday night.Great fun. Chicken wings were delicious get the old bay seasoned ones for something new.Cheap, no-frills classic Irish pub. Great Christmas decorations too. Can't comment on the food. Only ever been here for the beer."Everyone get in here" (that was Vinny P summonsing us into a yelp circle 
"its only MONDAY" he screams as we yell in agreement probably being hated by everyone else in the bar. 
The dance party of the year happened at McGillins with Journey( you already know the one) and continued well into the night. We did a few rounds of Pumpkin Ale which was quite drinkable.
Im not sure if people were sneering at us in dislike or really wanted to join in  since we were having so much fun.
It was a varied crowd and id def come back here for a monday dance off.If you want to go to one of the lowest quality pubs in center philly this is the place to go.I don't know about the history debates, but I like this place nevertheless. It should be an easy 4 star for me, but wifey had to order some food. lots of tables upstairs and downstairs and a pretty decent environment overall. 
They have lots of beers on tap. I had their IPA, which didn't really impress me much. It was just okay, kinda light, but still decent hops. I like mine a little heavier than that. They had a really good variety and selection of local and regional micros, which was nice. They were all about $4.25 for a pint and $10-12 for a pitcher. We got six 6oz samplers for $8.25 which was a pretty good deal. We tried their house lager, which was a decent lager, not really my thing. I can't remember all of the names that were in there, but they were all pretty good. They let you pick a seasonal too. 
The music was really loud, so it was kinda hard to hear, but it is a bar. The music selection, however, was controlled by the patrons and was mostly horrible. Stupid people putting on Vanilla Ice and Hanson. It's only funny for about five seconds and then we actually have to listen to the rest of the song. They put this stuff on because they actually enjoy it, but act like they're making fun of it. Thanks for ruining it for the rest of us jackoffs. Some of the music selected was alright and if I had more money with me, I would have just dominated the jukebox with all of my selections, but I didn't want to insult the crowd as an outsider. 
Wifey got hungry and ordered the nachos ($3). I tried to warn her in every way, "We're not in Cali anymore", but she wouldn't listen. The one thing she told the waitress was that she wanted Jalapenos. Well, 30 minutes later, we get a pile of chips. Literally about have a bag, and not the tostitos kind, the even cheaper corn chip generic version. There was barely any cheese and no Jalapenos to be seen. waitress said she would get some Jalapenos for us since they weren't there and never came back with them. We ate some chips that actually had a little cheese on them and eventually found 3-4 Jalapeno slices buried in the center of the chip mountain, but it was not making up for it. 
10-15 mins later we told our waitress we just wanted the check and she said, "Oh, so you don't want your Jalapenos? They're almost ready." What? These are pickled Jalapenos that are sliced, what do you mean they are almost ready? it takes 15 minutes to slice a freakin pepper? We got our bill and she had charged us .50 for extra jalapenos when we didn't get any in the first place. She took it off, but it took forever for us to actually get the bill and get out of there. 
Good beer, good drinkers, good prices, horrible music. horrible food, horrible service. it all averages out. They have some daily specials, but it is mostly just $6.50 pitchers of PBR and Bud light. I don't drink that garbage, so it's not very special for me.I was here (again) recently... and I can never get enough of the dark wooden ambiance, overly-done Christmas decorations, awesome wait-staff, and cramped seats that make you feel like you're in Munich. There are plenty of beers on draft, including their own special brews.  
While in the mood for a light bite, my friend and I each got a bowl of chili and split the veggie/hummus platter. The chili was spiced just right and the veggie platter was quite large! It was a perfect little dinner that didn't make us feel like we just ate typical greasy "pub food". 
The biggest winner in my book: McGillin's is literally trying to become the "greenest" bar in Philadelphia - and not in a St. Patty's Day way! They're trying to turn a small parking lot in the alley into a central trash collection, recycling and composting area for the whole neighborhood, calling it Drury Street Green. They've also initiated new kitchen programs to reduce landfill waste by 90%! This is definitely dig-able. 
Tourists - don't miss this. McGillin's is a unique Philly landmark that's definitely worth a visit!Went to this place by just yelping it while in PA for the night with my husband. What a fun bar. It was karaoke night and everyone was taking part and singing along. The menu was vast and the food was very good for bar food. The drinks kept coming and were delicious too. The staff were very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was fun and a great night out was had we didn't even go to any other bar. We even went back for lunch the next day.Kool older place.  People are nice, great for drinks!  Not a food place.Fun nightlife scene. Get crowded and a bit gritty for out-of-towners, but it's Philly's oldest bar, est. 1860, and it's a fun night out with friends in Center City. Great specials include 2.50 Yuenglings during Eagles games, and 1$ Bud Light Refills. Breakfast menu is decent, and all the bar-fare is very adequate. Great Bloody Mary, toogreat lunch spot! extensive menu with generous poritions, the marjority of which are less than $10! nice service to boot.Who doesn't love a good beer deal? $9 pitchers, you just can't beat it. McGillin's has always been one of my favorite drinking spots in the city. I've mainly always stayed in the downstairs room, but last night my friends and I found a table upstairs and we sat their for quite awhile. We even had a server who was really pleasant and handled our orders plus many others as well and never missed a beat! Definitely recommend this bar if you're looking for somewhere low key to go too!I really enjoy the atmosphere here, very historic.  It is neat to think you are enjoying a beer where people did the same in 1860.  I found the food somewhat lacking.  The prices are great, but not the best burger in the world.  If you have room, try the Tex-Mex fries... they are awesome!!  Kudos to great beer at great prices!Love this place! 
Boyfriend and I were looking for a new place to try in the city, and came across McGillin's Olde Ale House on yelp. The reviews were positive and the decor looked interesting so we gave it a shot. So happy we did, this place was really neat. It's tucked off of the main roads right in the heart of the city, very easy to get to from the train which is house we came in to the city. The atmosphere is great, the music wasn't too loud, there was surprisingly a young crowd there. Everyone was very friendly, we had a great server. Food was excellent, I highly recommend the Cheese Steak. Also you can't beat a place that has all of those features AND cheap drinks! Tom Collins are $4. Pitchers of PBR for $6.50 and Lager pitchers $7. We went in on a Sunday evening around 6pm, not sure if it changes every day.Only have $10 to spend and want to have drinks and food? Head to Mcgillins! On Wednesdays $6 will buy you a pitcher of PBR and $1 will afford you two tacos leaving money left over for tips!
A fun place to go that ALWAYS has specials. I have been here when pitchers of Mad Elf were $12 each, they have a $35 cent wing special some nights.Food is reliably good, nothing fancy, everything reasonably priced. Last night there was a chicken, strawbeery gorgonzola salad that looked delicious. Some nights mugs of beer are only one dollar! 
Fun place, laid back, and easy on the wallet. My aunt claims there is a good lunch special.Obviously this is too personal, but I can't believe they have a super ultra big book with the songs you can choose and sing, and they don't have Soda Stereo.
For those who don't know it (gosh) it s an internationally well known and so awarded band from Argentina on the 80s and 90s. Some say bigger than INXS, Tear for Fears, etc. 
This band is absolutely the best rock that All America (without taking USA into account, of course) have had. And it is not just me who thinks this, but all countries of the continent.
So, it is so bad that they have ricky martin, enrique iglesias and shakira and not Soda Stereo.
Im from Argentina, so, maybe my opinion does not count to many of americans, but it will to other Latinoamerican countries.
Really poor list of spanish songs.My brother, Aunt and I ended up here after going to another place down the street that looked packed, to a different place that was more packed, and back to the first place where we stood for a while and waited for ANYONE to acknowledge us. No one did until I started up the stairs (that had NO sign saying to not go up) when we were snapped at by a waitress. Bye bye Irish pub down the street from McGillin's.
We walked into McGillin's  and were greeted warmly, told to seat ourselves, and within 1 minute a waitress took our drink orders. I got the beer sampler, thinking they would be about 3 oz. or so. When they turned out to be around 6 oz. I figured there was no way they'd all be gone, but everybody had a few samples and they all disappeared. I liked all of them, but I'm not a huge stout fan so that was my least favorite.
I had the "mile high meatloaf". They weren't kidding - it was huge! Two slices of meatloaf between a ton of mashed potatoes with sauce.  I doubt I ate even half (I did eat all the steamed veggies, which were very good). The waitress gave me a hard time saying "you barely made a dent". I assured her it was excellent, just WAY too much for one meal (would have been three meals if I had a way to take it and eat later).
The noise level is VERY high, so if you plan on having a lot of conversation you may be disapointed. Most of the crowd seemed to be in their 20s or 30s but it wasn't rowdy at all on a Wednesday (weekends are probably different).
I'm really glad we ended up here instead of the other places.We were visiting Philly and thought this was a must-go-to bar.  What we found was a historical landmark with potential, but so watered down, it felt like just another  bar with an identity crisis.  There were at 6 TVs on the ground floor and music so loud, it was nearly impossible to have a conversation without shouting.  The music was awful.  The crowd was mixed but not in a good way...who are you, McGillin's? 
The beer was fine but we left after one pitcher.  
How disappointing!One of the top all-around dive bars in the city is also one of the top sources for buffalo wings. Word. I used to order the "fifty-wing deal" for like $25; would last me all weekend. Supremely pleasurable wings.Great atmosphere with cool history! Super friendly staff and great reqs. Flight and beef steak sandwich were fabulous!If you're looking to fuel your next get together for a game or poker night look no further than McGillin's! What's not to like, the food is prepared very quickly, and packaged well (we got to go). Menu is what you'd expect from an ale house (i.e. nachos, wings, fries, mozorella sticks, etc.) For the wings, the best flavors were the thai and dry run, the buffalo was somewhat disappointing. 
It's a hard toss up on the nachos as well, being from Texas I love the traditional tortilla chip nachos, however the Irish nachos with the curly fries was a very nice touch. Our uber driver also gave us an interesting fact that this place has been open since the mid 1800s, so they must be doing something right!This is a great place to stop in any time.  There are always people in there at any time it's open, day or night.  The food is consistent (it's just bar food, but it's up to par for the place that's serving it), the prices are good, if not great, and it overall has a great atmosphere.  It's divey, but if you're into that, you'll enjoy everything about this place.
I'm always impressed that even with a large group you can find some place comfortable to be. The place is huge and has both and upstairs and downstairs bar.  The tables are picnic-style, so it's not unusual to be sitting at a table with another group.  I don't know if this still goes on, but at one point they had karaoke on Friday nights -- it was excellent with a great little stage and a lot of audience enthusiasm.  
Also, I have to say, no matter the time of night and the size of the crowd, the ladies' room is generally clean and maintained.  I know this may not be as huge a deal to some people (particularly depending on how "festive" your night has become), but I'm always expecting the worst and am usually pleasantly surprised here.
It's close enough to Market East (about a five-minute walk) that it's a good place to grab a beer if you have time to kill before your train.  I wouldn't be into going here alone (some bars are inviting for a solo drinker -- not so much McGillin's), but it's great under almost any other circumstance.I was in town one night and chose this place because of its historical significance and solid Yelp reviews but I must say the staff made it an underwhelming experience. I arrived shortly after 10pm on a Sunday night and there was a decent crowd for an off night. I casually mentioned to the bartender that I was visiting and wanted to to try each of the 4 local beers they were featuring. No reaction whatsoever. Now as a former bartender myself, it doesn't hurt your tip to chit chat a little with patrons on a slow night. Especially if they are drinking solo and from out of town... I was there an hour and a half and the only words out of her mouth were "Can I get you another?" About 10:30 I walked up to the bouncers (not sure why you need two on a Sunday night) and asked "Hey guys, do you know of any places around here with live music on Sundays?" Tweedle Dee responded "Nope." So I looked at Tweedle Dum and he also said "Nope." I looked back at Tweedle Dee and he added "I wouldn't know, I work here Sundays..." Thanks for nothing shitheads.
The layout of the bar isn't great for mingling. It's one long bar with several dividers and people mostly seated far away from the bar at tables. It was karaoke night so I decided to sing a song which was finally the trigger for the slightest of interactions. Afterwards, the manager complemented my singing and asked if I'd been there before. I told him I was from LA and in town just one night. I asked him if he knew of any live music and he told me Time, the bar right behind theirs has live music 7 nights a week. Again thanks for nothing douche bag bouncers. I promptly closed my tab, finished my beer, and made my way over to Time. Sadly by then it was already 11:45pm and the band stopped playing at midnight. Had the bartender and bouncers at McGillin's not been completely surly and worthless, I might have been able to salvage the evening with an hour or so of jazz. Oh well...
I might have tried the food as Yelpers say it's decent, but the staff did an effective job of discouraging that. The manager was friendly and welcoming but those traits certainly haven't trickled down to his staff. They really contributed to a very sour first impression of Philadelphia...I used to be a regular here when I worked in the neighborhood but it's been about a year since I last stopped in. I was totally impressed when the bouncer and one of the servers remembered me.
The bartenders were attentive and friendly and the stuffed chicken breast I ordered was delicious.
Even though it was busy and loud, I was able to get a seat at the bar immediately.This is the oldest bar in Philly, so you know you have to come here when you're in town! Pretty much historic! 
I came pretty late one night to grab some food and drinks. We ordered the Shepherd's Pie and the German sausage platter. I loved my shepherd's pie! Slow cooked sirloin with veggies topped with mashed potato and served with a side of garlic bread. YUM-MY! The sausage platter was also really good and came with knockwurst and bratwurst. I think it came with some potatoes and then garlic bread too.  
The atmosphere is great. It is a very chill place with dim lights. You can come here with a group of friends, grab a drink, and some dinner, and you're guaranteed a solid night. I also happened to come when there was karaoke so it got pretty loud at some points. But it was so so fun watching everyone sing their hearts out. The crowd is amazingly friendly. A must stop when you are in Philly!Yo, seriously,  you college kids need to get out more.
So there I was, enjoying some pumpkin ale, dancing and singing with my fellow Yelpers and naturally a group of youngsters are staring at us. So I go over to try and get one of them to join us in our shenanigans (it's an Irish place right? oh wait, they don't serve Guinness...uh ok weird
political/business thing?)
Wouldn't you know, not one but TWO chicks in the group whip out their  phones and start either taking pics or video and I'm like WOAH WOAH, NO PRESS....I mean really, what is so interesting about a tipsy person in a bar trying to get someone to get up and dance with a group of other dancing people? REALLY? Is this a celebrity non-dancer person I am talking to for 15 seconds? I told them all they were weirdos and went back to my group. It's a BAR, kids. I know y'all have crazier keg parties than a bunch of drunk 30-somethings singing along to Journey. LOL
Oh yes...the business....uh well, you know that pumpkin ale was really good! That place isn't nearly as fun without karaoke going on, but at least it was crowded for a Monday night, so we could be loud.Cheap Beer? McGillin's. Endless amount of frat boys? McGillin's. It's the right place for those who don't mind a loud atmosphere with a huge amount of pretentious assholes. I, myself, enjoy it. Wednesday is karaoke night, it's a mad house. Get there early because EVERYONE sings. 2 a buck tacos,  7$ PBR pitchers and $4.50 shots. Can you beat that? The beer tastes like it's been water down 5 times, it still does the deed. Weekends it's pretty much a hellhole, far too many people, you never find a place to sit and the service is blah. But who cares!! you still get what you pay for!. 
It's definitely not an everyday bar. But once in a while, when you don't feel like paying more than 9$ for a pitcher it's definitely the Go2 bar.   
FYI: It's the Oldest pub in Philly.Great food, great location, good drinks/pitchers (everything is inexpensive!) and Tuesday nights are wing nights.  I'm a huge fan of wing nights when pitchers of some select domectic draft are $5 and the wings run $.25 each.  There's a good crowd, then.  Just about everything I've eaten here is good, butmy favorite meal is the turkey burger.  They mix in some peppers, a few onions and flavoring which results in GREAT burger.  The atmosphere is laid-back, Irish pub, with a good amount of space upstairs as well for the overflow or larger parties sitting together.  Great place for lunch or after-work happy hour.Walking down a side alley in the middle of Center City and I really don't have any idea what to expect from this place.  What I find is that I have possibly found my new favorite bar in the city!
McGillin's is old, really old, like 150 years old.  However, sitting at the bar, the place isn't musty, there are tvs everywhere, and the bathrooms are updated-ish.  Best of both worlds!  We had 20 wings, crab fries, and 3 pitchers of PBR (Mmmmmm), total bill: $27!  What!  For a dollar more a pitcher you can get Bud Lite also.  I mean come on.  The fact that the wings were really good was just a bonus.  
Honestly, try this place out.Is there anything left to say about McGillin's Old Ale House that hasn't already been said or written?  ... prob not.  So I'll make this review short.
  McGillins is one of America's oldest pubs and Philadelphia's oldest continuously operating pub.  It's also one of the world's most crowded.  It's located on a cool hidden back alley called Drury.  At one time or another every young dude in Philly has been drunk in McGillins.  At one point or another every young girl in Philly has been drunk in McGillins.  Yes, at night the crowd might seem too young for some folks ... but hang in there (or go during the day!).  It's worth it even if you are of an age where you no longer need to produce an ID to drink.  There's good food ...great beers ... all the history beneath its timbered ceiling ... and remember - there's truly only one McGillin's Old Ale House in this entire world!Awesomely good comfort food. Will definitely be back for the great service, yummy food and beer selection.Best bar in the city! Cheap beer, good food, fun atmosphere and the red headed bartender is awesome. You never have to wait for a drink even on the most crowded nights and she's friendly and fun, too!Excellent meatloaf! Great service and atmosphere. Good beer at a great price.  A definite must when in Philly.  The standard for every pub!It's midnight and I'm still rocking on Pacific Standard Time, time for dinner...now...where to eat at midnight?
How about this pub we heard about? It's only 3 blocks away from our hotel. Sweet.
McGillin's Olde Ale House was poppin at midnight on a Saturday, bunch of friendly people from 21 to 40 drinking and singing your classic bar songs like Journey or Def Leppard. 
We ordered the beer sampler, mac and cheese and 10 pieces of chicken wings.
Beer Sampler was pretty awesome, 6 half pints of local beers, most were very delicious. 
Mac and cheese was nicely done as well, baked with a nice cheese crust. Although the veggie side mix didn't taste too good.
Chicken Wings were not as legendary as friends and locals told me about, but they were solid wings.
I would definitely come back here again, for dinner and/or late night drinking.
Cheers!Ok so people come to Philly for the cheese steak and history...  
This is in the historic part of town and it is hard to find if you don't know what you are looking for....  It looks like you are walking down an alley into no where.  But once you find it the atmosphere is awesome and if you can get here on a Karaoke night its all the more fun....
People are friendly and the patrons are great.  Get up have a drink walk around chat with the locals...  Its worth it.  I love coming here every time I come to Philly.The oldest continuously running bar in the city with a great tap list, great lunch specials, and totally passable bar food. It's great to be here. Best thing about it? Every beer on tap comes in pitchers. 
Don't expect to be wowed by taplist, service or food, but it accomplishes everything a bar should pretty well.Had a wonderful experience at this charming old pub. I had the Bratwurst platter which I highly recommend. I found out its also the oldest pub in Philadelphia. Without exception the best part of McGillian was our charming and sweet waiting Melissa . What a doll , its so true that a wonderful server makes all the difference. Next time my family and I in Philly were coming back for the food, atmosphere and Melissa .This place delivers a  sports bar, pub, party atmosphere. It felt like a Phily favorite for the post college setVery cool bar.  I usually go on thursdays for their Open Mic night, and it gets pretty lively. Tom, the host, is highly entertaining. Expect funny encounters. One time i was here this wasted guy kept drunkenly requesting a specific song. Then he proceeded to hand a 100 dollar bill to the singer, who tried to refuse multiple times. I am not sure if the singer kept the money but he caved in when the entire bar started rooting for the drunk guy. it was hilarious. 
It's kind of unbelievable how great their specials. PBR beer pitchers are my go to beverage. I have a friend of a friend who is veryyyy cheap and always underpays for his share. Luckily, this bar is so cheap to begin with that i only feel mildly frustrated that he isn't contributing. 
Try it. You'll keep coming back.If I'm trying to grab a drink on my lunch break, this is my first stop. During the day it's a mixed crowd of locals and dining patrons, it has a homey feel to it but not with that dive-bar type iffiness. 
Before 2pm, with any purchase you make there, you get free unlimited soup. And these aren't just chicken noodle soups, they're hearty and filling, my favorite being their tortilla soup. This is what hooked me the first time and kept me coming back for lunches. Well, that and the fact they always are pouring Walt Wit (which is probably my favorite beer brewed in PA hands down)...get this...for $4.25! Honestly, the prices on their drafts can't be beat. The most I've seen one go for is maybe $5.75, and we're talking craft beer here! 
For me, being able to get a meal (and a beer) for the price of a beer really appeals to the 'frugalista' side of me. Even if you're in the mood for more than soup or come later, the menu has some well priced appetizers and great food regardless. 
What you can't forget is that this place is smack-dab in the middle of center city. Like a lot of people have said, this place gets packed at night, and it's almost impossible to predict what crowd you'll get. It ranges from huge parties of tourists to drunk frat kids who play top 40 songs on the touchtunes machine to hoards of businessmen that can't seem to get the hint that they're twice your age and you're there to drink awesomely priced craft beer, not go home with someone.  Even so, this can't deter me from a five star rating because I love the place and their prices so much.  It's a great spot to start a night out with your friends and have some cheap drinks, and an even better spot to stop in during the day.This restaurant is a pre civil war tavern. YES, it's as cool as it sounds. This is down a sketchy alleyway, but don't let that stop you. Go, be adventurous. 
Usually this place is packed but on a Wednesday night we got in easily. The waitress was very nice and explained we could seat ourselves anywhere and that a waitress would get our order. We sat next to the fireplace that was decorated for Christmas. The decor had antiques and Philly memorabilia hanging up on the wall. 
They offer local beers such as Yards and fun holiday drinks. I thought they would only have bar food, but they have a variety of foods. I got turkey croquets over mashed potatoes with gravy and squash veggies.  Best croquets I have ever eaten and to my surprise the mashed potatoes were real. My husband cheese steak quesadillas was delicious too. That came on top of lettuce and the fixings. 
The drink and food prices are reasonable too, especially for being in the city. 
Enjoy! We sure did.great drink specials cheap food. the buffalo wings are huge. get them every time i go. the nachos are also enough to feed a whole table maybe 2. wednesday nights are usually karaoke night. have several flat screen TV's to watch the Phillies. great for college age students. during the day it sometime attracts an older crowd. but after 10:30 it turns into a college bar.Decided to go a few weeks back with the bae. Bar was a pretty decent spot. Plenty of places to choose where to sit on both floors. Clean bathroom ,as well. Cheap pitchers and decent nachos when it came time to indulge. 
My only issues are that it did get a little crowded for my taste (expected but not always enjoyable sometimes) and that when it came time to order food you needed a card which I thought was odd. I had to fumble around for something I wasn't sure was exactly working because of my bank doing a major system update.  I wonder how it works when you only have cash...Nice bar, good price for drinks. I came on a Friday night and it was packed downstairs but luckily found seating upstairs. It gets more filled as the night goes on. There's a good variety of music ranging from top hits to throwbacks to country.Came to Philly for the weekend from New York. Looked (googled) for an Irish pub to have dinner and possibly hang out and this place was first on the list and had 4 stars. Even the reviews HERE for this place are very favorable. Let me tell you...I was absolutely disappointed. I've been to many Irish pubs whether in NY or even Boston but this place shouldn't even be considered an Irish pub. They don't even serve Guinness...no Mother's Milk!!! I was with a party of 4 and every single dish that we ordered was inedible to say the least. They don't serve Irish beef stew either btw! I cannot recommend to anyone that they come here for dinner. I will say that the place was completely packed downstairs and upstairs and seems to be a fairly touristy place. From what we were told by locals was that this place has some of the cheapest prices for beer in town which is a big reason why it attracts so many people. Maybe this is a place to come hang out and pay less for your beer but I wouldn't recommend the food whatsoever.I get a really good feeling from this place.  Nice long communial tables, home brewed pitchers, and really greasy curly cheese fries.Love!  I took 7 customers here the other night and everyone loved it. The history is great....built In 1866. 
We had 50 wings, 3 baskets of Old Bay fries, 3 communal sausage platters and some burgers and A LOT of beer. Everyone left full and happy. A nice beer list offering some local beers as well as some made just for them.  The Sly Fox stout was my favorite.
A great spot which can get a little loud, but well worth the trip.McGillin's is located in an alleyway in-between Chestnut and Sansom. There's a bottom floor and a top floor. The bottom floor is pretty laid back and a bit easier to hear a conversation. Top floor is more fun if you're hammered because the music is super loud. Cheap beer. Overall, chill place with a rustic, pubby feel.Great Reuben sandwich. Okay German sausage platter. Average burger but it was only $5!! $6 pitchers on Friday is definite bonus. The service was a little slow, but then again, we were there the Friday before St. Paddy's. 
Use restaurant.com certificate!Crowded. Staff has no personality. Only came here as a tourist trap and the cheap pricesHoly Cow, what a great time!  This place is not only old and charming but it is fun, friendly, and fantastic!  I love the selection of local Philadelphia-area beers and some very tasty crab cakes.  The music was perfect for the vibe of the place and induced dancing, fun, and a great social atmospehere.  This is not a phony-baloney fake "old town" brewery - it's the real deal.  Right down to the dumbwaiter delivering dishes, silverware, and napkins, this place is authenitic old-Phildelphia.  LOVE IT !!!  It opened in 1860 and you can tell, but it still maintains a contemporary vibe.  I want people 150 years from now to still be writing about McGillin's and loving it as much as I.Dynamite food and free soup with every meal. The Shepherd's pie is amazing and they give you pretty good portions for the price. Definitely have to try it if you haven't. It's kind of in an alley way type area but totally not shady and amazing despite the location!This place is great! It's loud so if your looking for a romantic evening go somewhere else. If you want to have a good time withe great bar tenders this is the place to be.I've been into this bar twice in my life.  The first time was way back in 2007, my first ever trip to Philadelphia.  A colleague and I found our way here and he introduced me to the Irish Car Bomb.  I had heard of the drink but had never had one.  Let's just say it's not a good idea to end your night with one (maybe two).  We had fun, or so I was told.  
The second time was seven years later.  On this occasion, we thought it would be fun to partake in another round of ICBs but this time, do it first thing in the evening so that you could then monitor and gauge your alcohol consumption so that it didn't turn into another drunken evening.  Didn't work.  I am too old to be drinking those things.  Someone remind me next time I walk into this joint, probably in 2021 some time.  
Overall, I can't say much bad about McGillin's.  It seems like the type of place where you could have alot of fun.  We've only been in during weekdays while in town for work but it's on my list of places when in Philadelphia.  Check it out.Didn't eat here, but great beer. It was packed due to a sports game. Lots of cheering/screaming but great music playing in the background. 
The bathroom is upstairs and has three stalls, but be prepared to wait.Every time I come to Philly his place is a must go pit stop. It's located near Chesnut and 13th in an alley. It's beautifully decorated in the inside. Sooooo much history in one small location. Great selection of beer, delicious food. Staff is extremely friendly , week days are better in my opinion because weekends get crazy packed. Mostly locals hanging out here. Place truly goes back too 1860, 5 min walk from Love Park.This was the best stop on our pub crawl! Drinks were super affordable - we had 2 shots and 2 stoli flavored drinks and it only came to $14 with tip! What a steal. All of the food smelled and looked good. We will be back to try a bite with our drinks next time!We pretended like we were planning to out think and out flank the british over some beers.  Until we saw the 21st century prices (6 bucks a beer).  all and all it was some damn good beer. They also had a pretty extensive collection of beers. we opted for the local beers.  i also asked the waitress if it was haunted... apparently so.  I went down to the bathroom in the basement and tried to put up my spiritual antenae...but I couldn't connect with the afterworld. 
Wish I had talked to Meg H. down there before going because Wing night sound like the night to go.Came here after the auto show, although I had to be dragged kicking and screaming after my last visit.  However, to be fair, they managed to upgrade the 'experience' enough to earn another star.
The entire place was packed as usual.  It was early Friday evening and the crowd did die down enough to get a table to grab some food.  I went simple this time and got a corn beef sandwich on rye.  I was satisfied with it after the long day I had.  The pitchers were still cheap and the bar still felt like a shitty frat party.
I still cannot recommend visiting here sober, but if you have a solid buzz on and want to continue the fun on the cheap, it can be considered.Definitely stop here while in Philly! Especially on Wednesday night karaoke.  Great folks, great beer choices, and low price on beer.  If your looking for fun definitely stop into one of the nations oldest pubs.Mediocre food, excellent booze. Awesome, awesome atmosphere...Just being there is fun. Go for beer and snacks, but dinner? Not really. No better place to watch a game in Philly.Update. 
Giving the food a second chance and fail. 
R.B. Mcgillians is bland roast beef on a roll dipped in salty au jus. Chips I don't care about and pickle and coleslaw. I'll never eat here again but I will drink here.
Curly fries were okay, definitely fried in old oil. Probably just frozen curly fries they fried up.
Actually the best thing was the $1 two tacos deal. Tacos were not special but they were okay and very cheap!
Great place to drink and hang out with friends. Drink a few beers. It gets a bit loud when there's a lot of people, but the atmosphere is pretty cozy and very relaxed. Lots of TVs and nightly specials.The food was good for what it is and very reasonably priced. The beer was also priced well. They had a lot of TVs which is great if you're going to watch a game. I had the chicken cheese steak. It was tasty. My friend had the wings. He wasn't blown away - but thought they were pretty decent. I would have given this place four stars but the service was just eh. The server had a little bit of an attitude. But other than that, for what it is, it's okay.They claim to be the oldest bar, but it was only established at the beginning of the Civil War, so where did the founders go to drink after starting a revolution? Well, they missed out, because McGillin's would have been a great place. Karaoke on Wednesday was quite entertaining, particularly Chuck the magician with his Piano Man rendition and the drunk people straight from the office singing Snoop Dogg. It's a great atmosphere for drinking with friends and making new friends. The limited food we got, however, was not great. The fries tasted faintly like chicken. And the pot stickers came with Italian dressing dipping sauce. Yes: pot stickers with Italian dressing. But bar food is bar food. You're looking to stave off hunger, not a fine dining experience, and it does that.Would have given at least 4 stars but when my friend and I left (we were with his date and 2 of her friends and they stayed) the waitress claimed that we didn't pay our bill...it was $30 and my friend handed the bill with $40 and never got any change back which he didn't mind but on top of that they tell his date that we didn't pay which is absolutely ridiculous...this was humiliating towards my friend and I felt humiliated for him...oh and his date ended up paying another $40 for the bill they claimed that my friend didn't pay...a slap to the face x100...will never go back to this place if they can't even keep track of who paid for what...I don't recommend this place unless you don't mind taking the chance of possibly getting ripped offOn a recent business trip to Philadelphia, I was looking for a nice place close to the hotel. I checked Yelp and found that, McGillans, the oldest bar in Philly was just a few blocks away. 
Setting was really cool, you walk up an alley to get to this place. Inside, there was a big crowd for a Monday night. I sat at bar and had a cheesesteak and a couple of beers. The food was authentic Philly and excellent! I had a Yard ale, then a house IPA, which I really liked. 
Prices were very reasonable and service relatively friendly considering how busy place was. TV's over bar with the game on were perfect. 
This place has been around since 1860! Give it a shot!We were looking for a sports bar to watch football. Saturday afternoon/evening is packed and loud. However, they were able to seat us within a few minutes, and the whiskey/beer/apps arrived quickly too. Service was friendly, prices were reasonable.Because I ocassionly work in Center City, I've been searching for the perfect lunch spot within walking distance of City Hall. I really like to try out new places too, but after lunch at McGillin's I could give up my search and make this my regular spot.
My friend Dan and I hit up this spot for lunch after passing on Misconduct Tavern's average beer list. McGillin's is hidden on Drury St, a side street off Juniper. Because of this odd location, and the fact that it was the middle of the day, I expected to walk into a quite little spot. It didn't even really look open for the outside. But inside, it was bustling with business. There were a few tables filled with clear tourists checking out Philadelphia's oldest bar (established 1860), but it was mostly filled with the Philadelphia work force taking a break. 
McGillin's is holding on to the old time mentality, with the decorations and atmosphere, and a collection of servers who look like they're been working here for years. They also offer free soup with every entree, which seems like an old time practice lots in search of increased profits.
When we visited, the soup was turkey vegetable, and it was surprisingly flavorful. We ordered a side of wings. They were fine, but a mistake, considering we both had soup and entrees. Further, the service was so fast that we barely had time to finish the soup, let alone with wings, by the time main course came out. 
Dan chowed down on an average burger, and I went with the German platter. Potatoes and Veggies served up with two types of sausage. It was okay, but my experience on South St raised my expectations. The food was okay, but the prices seemingly made it taste better.
In general, the prices are great here, especially for the location, and that extends to the beer. Pitchers are $9 to $13, depending on what you want. The tap list here is respectable too. We split a pitcher of Ommegang Rare Vos and then moved to Brooklyn's Sorachi Ace. The Sorachi Ace is a crazy hop, and I think that Brooklyn did a nice job making this beer, although I won't order it again. McGillin's also has three house brews from Stoudt's, a brewery I like a lot. These all come in at less than $10 a pitcher and would make for reliable choices anytime.
During the lunch rush, the service also seemed rushed. Also, I must admit I'm turned off by seeing a cook weave his way through the dining room in the middle of lunch with a full bag of garbage. Even if there's no other way, can't it wait until the dining room isn't packed?
Bottom Line: My first experience at McGillin's was definitely positive. It's almost a no brainer for a lunch spot close to City Hall, and the beer list and specials every night make it a good bar in it's own right. This won't be my last time here, and either for beer, food, or simply historical value, this stop is a must.Fun bar to go too. Great for food drinks and music. They have great specials too Monday through Saturday.I love this place. Vibe- awesome. It's Philly's oldest operating tavern- in a back alley, so that makes it even more awesome. 
The servers are always working hard to keep your drinks coming. I'm not a huge fan of the food, but who cares. I go there to drink. 
Their open mic night is fantastic and entertaining. You should really go to a few. See some home grown Philly musicians. 
I have so much love for this place.Great atmosphere, excellent beers, and the wings are awesome. 
The place can get loud and very packed, especially during sporting events. 
Their IPA is my favorite. I'll be back for sure.Oldest bar in Philly was why I first stopped here many, many years ago. Always a drink special. Always a great beer selection. Simple, good food. Great service. I prefer to be at the upstairs bar, but I'm happy wherever I am when I'm at McGillin's!i knew philadelphia would be a good time when this was the first bar i went to......saw a stumbling girl walking up to the bar in the rain, she fell down on her face, couldn't get up.....then 10 minutes later i saw her inside the bar. 
no way that girl gets let into a bar in so cal.
then another girl fell into a table and knocked the entire thing over. basically shitfaced people everywhere but a real good time. 
good pub food. solid place to have some beers and people watch.This place was great! The atmosphere was the perfect pub, the beer and the food added to the experience.  The music was perfect. I will definitely come again and so sorry I didn't find it sooner.Oldest Bar in Philly...
Great beer selection with a cider on tap, too.
We stopped in for a snack and ended up ordering 25 hot wings (which came served on a tray!) with extra blue cheese. Cooked to order, crispy, and not over-sauced. Delicious non-high-falootin wings.
We eyed the Shepherd's Pie on the next table, but we were too stuffed.The noise was headache inducing, the bar smelled of bleach, and it was packed (in a bad, getting constantly bumped on the back of the head while sitting down way). It was marginally entertaining to watch bros sing karaoke, but you could barely hear 'em. Cheap pitchers but I probably won't be back.It was all that I wanted a good brewpub, good food, good atmosphere and service and comfortable! Will be back!! Surprisingly great steak too! Recommend their bleu cheese dressing, Yards ale, and their Real Ale. Fun spot for friends or a laid back date. I'm seeing all ages from 20s to 70s so enjoy!!Amazing atmosphere, great menu and delicious Philly Cheese Steak! My friend got the Turkey Rueben, which was also pretty great. The only downside? They didn't come with fries, just a baby bag of chips... And I do love my fries. 
But all in all we loved the cute atmosphere and great food!You have to go to the oldest pub right? Well, not so much. We were here on a Thursday evening. Sat at the bar. Ordered a couple of beers. We sat back and watched all of the 20 something thirsty Thursday kids come in. We both used the restroom and lets just say that area of this establishment stinks. As in flat out offends the sniffer. 
When we tried to leave the place was SO packed I couldn't even get out. Saying excuse me and please let me through no-one moved. Never had I had that issue. So I literally had to push my way through the crowd to get out of this place. It was so packed with rude youngsters it became increasingly obvious this place just wants the money. When you get that many people into one establishment it quickly goes downhill. This place is at the bottom of that hill on the night we visited. 
We would not return.Cool spot that is definitely part of history.   Food was very tasty and the prices were fantastic.  I had the mile high meatloaf and it was delicious.  My fiance had the open face turkey and he demolished it in minutes.   He loved it.   The only thing I could say wasn't great was the servers attitude.  She was kinda bitchy.  But good food and beer will keep us coming back.This place is an institution - I was able to snag a seat at the bar on a Friday night; really good beer list that includes local beers, and additional from breweries up and down the east coast, which I appreciated. $4-5 for a pint is also most excellent; note that there is an alcohol tax in Philly as well. Cool vibe even through the bartenders were kind of standoffish and didn't look like they really wanted to be there. Maybe part of the charm?I highly recommend McGillin's! Their own IPA is smooth and refreshing; plus they have an array of local beers to choose from. As far as food goes, we didn't miss a beat with their filet mignon sandwich and Phillg cheesesteak. I definitely recommends McGillin's!McGillin's is one of my old stomping grounds. Especially on karaoke night. I made my epic karaoke return after a few year hiatus last night.
One of our initial concerns was grabbing a table for our group- we expected anywhere from 5-10 people. As luck would have it, a group was leaving as we were walking in. The place was already pretty crowded as its a good post-Sips location. I was actually blown away by the service. For a crowded place with lots going on, our server was unbelievable attentive. She anticipated our every liquid need and kept the water and pitchers flowing. A special shout out to the 2 for $1 tacos. I had eaten dinner prior to going out but I figured I'd give it a shot for $1. Given my expectations were very low to start for this cheap bar food, however I was pleasantly surprised. The tacos were hard shell and had a beef filling with cheese and lettuce and came with the option of salsa or sour cream. They even had slight kick to them. They had the spot for a snack, but if I wanted to make a meal out of them I would probably need to order 3-4 plates worth. Still a good deal.
Now as for the karaoke, this place is a blast!  The regulars were just as I had remembered. Talented and quirky. At least last night, everyone who participated picked crowd pleasers. My friend and I probably didn't get our moment of fame until after 12:30- way past my normal Wednesday bed time. It was worth it though. A great night out re-living some good times and creating some new memories.We were here in a Friday late afternoon. Incredibly great experience. The waiter was wonderful, the food was great, and the drinks were good too. Tried to come back Saturday evening but we couldn't even get in the place. Very inexpensive!  
Highly recommend!I came to McGillin's Olde Ale House so I could watch the NFL games while visiting Philadelphia. There's a parking deck located next to the sports bar for customers. Street parking is hit or miss. The entrance is in an alleyway. McGillian's was crowded with a lot of Philadelphia Eagles fans (expected). Most of the televisions played Eagles games. I was expecting to see a variety of NFL games at the bar. The Washington Redskins game came on after the Eagles, so I was able to watch my team play. We were seated after a short wait. There's an upstairs and downstairs area for customers. The beer is popular at this bar. I ordered some wings and onion rings. My wings were average. I like more of a crispy coating but the wings were naked. The beer battered onion rings were excellent. McGillin's onion rings are fried to perfection. The onion rings definitely hit the spot. Oreo pie filled my sweet tooth. The Oreo pie was tasty. Our waiter was attentive (good service).The sports bar is dim inside. McGillin's is definitely a great hangout spot for Philadelphia Eagles fans. Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience and watching football at McGillin's (good football atmosphere). I give McGillin's Olde Ale House a 3.5 rating.Very packed on a weekday which makes it more exciting place to visit in my opinion. Great prices on both food and drinks-- I ended up ordering the Bloody Mary and sausage platter, which were delicious. The Bloody Mary wasn't super spicy where you couldn't drink it but was spicy nevertheless. Everything came out to be quite cheap. The only complaint I have is that the food was a bit undercooked but other than that I would recommend this place for sure.MehGillin's is more like it. When we arrived the only one to greet us was the guy checking ID's. We had to seat ourselves at one of the few bussed tables in the place. In addition to the extremely loud music that even the waitress couldn't hear over it was also very dark. Perhaps they felt that the TV's were providing enough light? At any rate once the waitress saw us, we both ordered "WHAT?" a few times before she could hear us. In actuality I ordered the shepherds pie in part because I had looked at the menu ahead of time on my phone. If I would have had to order at the table I would have needed my phone again... for the light.
My meal included a salad. I asked if the had Caesar dressing and they did, but when it came out, the salad was made up of mostly mixed greens and very little actual lettuce. 
The shepherds pie was about as bland as it could be made. From what I could see, it was about 60% potatoes on top and just a mash of beef and veggies in gravy. Maybe if they added some salt and cheese to it along with more hearty chunks of meat, it would be better. This tasted and looked like they defrosted a Banquet Dinner from the super market.
The only saving grace was that for the two of us the bill was only $40 with tip.
I would definitely not come back personally, but hey if you like to go out and yell like you are at a rock concert and eat like you are at the city mission, then this is the place for you.Cool pub esk old bar. Good beer selection with what appears to be good food (didn't eat) I'd come back. Their house beers are really good by the way!For me, McGillin's is a place to maybe stop into as you are crossing through this area from one bar to another.  This is the bar that you go to when you've just turned 21, it has cheaper drinks and lots of people usually.  I have enjoyed McGillin's for short periods of time, but I think I would be very quickly bored hanging out here for long.
About two years ago I found what has become my favorite pumpkin beer here, Stegmaier Pumpkin Ale.  I had such a hard time tracking this beer down anywhere else.  I hope they have it again this fall, that is the biggest reason for me to show up here.The 1860 IPA is great. The food is pretty good, with decent service. Got a table right by the fireplace which was great. The thing that prevents them from getting a 4th star is it's very noisy inside. With the music   booming out and the noise from the one big common room, its pretty loud here. Makes it hard to hear anyone across the table from you. All in all it's worth a trip for a drink and dinnerThe beer selection is excellent! The only knock is the portion size of the sandwich I had. The filet mignon sandwich could have been slightly larger (I would have paid more.). The wait staff were great and attentive which is impressive given the size of the crowd in the bar. I will definitely come back!Eating @ the oldest tavern in Philly; it's loud.crowded, @ great menu/prices w/tons of local brews...you guys would love it!!
If we're ever back in Philly, we are definitely stopping back by...Good music, good food, good company and mummers... what's not to love about McGillins?!
Hosted my best friend's 30th birthday celebration here on a Saturday and we had an absolute blast. Chris, the manager, was very accomodating. He made sure we had space reserved for 25+ people to watch the Temple homecoming game (go owls!) along with great service from Nikki. In addition to great drink specials (mimosas, bloody marys, 4 types of pitchers & fireball shots) we were also able to bring our own cake & balloons. We'll definitely be back next time we're in town. Thanks for having us!the bar staff is very friendly. the bar is a great atmosphere, especially for happy hour. they have a great selection for drinks and prices are good. the seating is a little too cramped for my liking, but it's not that bad. low lighting and a bit noisy like you'd expect.I have been coming to this spot for years and must say that it will always hold a special place in my heart. The atmosphere of a dark pub with an open floor and candles around the area make it feel so comfy. Perfect spot to get cozy and enjoy some excellent wings and beers. The pub fare is above normal and the staff is tentative. Friendly folks. Sports on the tv and solid music choice, a must go to spot to grab some tall ones with the boys.We arrived at in Philly a bit late and we were looking for a quick bite. McGillin's Olde Ale House seemed like a typical college bar; loud music, sticky tables, etc. However service was great, the beer was cold and the food was pretty amazing for bar food. I had the Shepherd's pie and it was fantastic. I especially liked how the peaks of the mash potatoes were slightly broiled to give it a nice crunch. To top it off a pitcher of Yuengling only cost $8. So if you're looking for somewhere to get intoxicated cheaply while feasting on unusually good bar food, this is the place. 
Atmosphere - B
Service - B+
Food - BSo I'm from Texas and I pride myself on knowing a good burger when I taste it. McGillin's cheeseburger plays in the big leagues! It doesn't need bacon or avacado or any special sauce to give it an edge. It's  the classic cheeseburger you're looking for. The meat was cooked just to my medium request. The bun was soft but didn't fall apart, and the lettuce and tomatoes were fresh. I look forward to the next time I'm in Philly and get to have this burger again. Pair it with a local tap, and you can drop every care in the world and just get lost in the moment!!This place was amazing, it was kind of jam packed and extremely loud but looked like a great place to have beers and catch a game. The waitresses were incredibly friendly and showed me some of the great hospitality I've ever received at a restaurant. I ordered a product that I wasn't sure if it was vegan, she went back to find out what the bread had in it and came back embarrassed that they didn't know. I would have been alright with just choosing something else but she offered to recreate the plate with just more veggies and not the bread in question, which was incredible. It was a homemade hummus plate that was so delicious. We also had a few of the beers, and my friend got a beer that was pumpkin beer and cider which was extremely good and we will be recreating that drink a lot this fall. 
I'd suggest this for anyone, except those who want a quiet bar.Staff was rude and unhelpful. Wouldn't let us stand at a table unless we got food even though there was no room left at the bar and there were tons of open tables. Bar is in a dirty ally. I realize it's been there forever but they could try to avoid it looking like a dirty hole at least.Great for Philly sports games, get there early or you will be out of luck for a table! Super fun place to gather up a crowd of friends and have a good time. Cheap beer, great wings&fries, super central location, one of my favorite drinking spots in the city.This is an update of my 2 stars review of last week.
I was told that they DO have Soda Stereo and a wide selection of international bands.
So Im sorry about my last comment. 
Maybe you should promote that list a little more.
Nice place :)Decent booze. Ok food. HOORRRIIIBBBBLE atmosphere. If you visit here to get the authentic "Oldest Bar in Philadelphia" feel, look elsewhere. Expect them to blast incredibly loud music ( you won't be able to understand what anyone is saying, and no one is dancing) and a long line to order a drink. My ears are literally ringing from how loud the music was...for absolutely no particular reason. It's apparently "against their policy" to turn the music down to an acceptable level. If you want a loud bar, go for it. Otherwise, if you want to understand what people are saying, look elsewhere.Never had a bad time at McGillins! Love it's old-timey charm and the variety of beers on tap. Food isn't bad either. Took away one star as it can get crowded and hot on weekends. And most importantly, the bathrooms aren't gross!Oldest if not one of the oldest spots in Philly to grab a beer or a drink.  
Tucked away on Drury Street in Market East is this little gem of a bar.  
Always guaranteed a good time here.  Full menu of sandwiches, entrees and bar food.  A great selection of locally brewed beers too.Always on our bar crawl list!  Very welcoming, extensive beer selection, reasonable prices, and always a few entertaining characters to people watch!  Great Philly bar to watch sports, hang out, or just have a pint:-)I've only come for drinks but this is a great place to hang out with friends! Very, very cheap prices - their margs were about $3!!! Great location and I loved all the throwback songs they played.Phialdelphia's answer to New York's McSorley's.  Although, I found McGillins to be better.  Oldest bar in the city.  Tacky decor adorn every wall.  Great tap list if you enjoy local beers. Solid bar menu.  I had their signature sandwich, something similar to a French Dip.  Great service, super friendly server. (I had tried to sit at the bar, but there was not space.  It was 3:00 PM on a Monday.....needless to say, this spot is popular at all times of day.)
The music was bizarre though.  Unfitting.  Lots of hip hop and Beyonc and things that just don't exactly mesh with a bar that was established in 1860.  
At any rate, this is a Philadelphia institution, of sorts.  I think you need to make this a stop if you are in Center City.Enjoyed the decor and food was very well-priced. Meatloaf was a huge portion and very delicious! Service was on point and I would definitely recommend you experience Philly's oldest continuously running bar!McGillin's is indisputably my favorite watering hole in America. Besides being the best purveyor of $6.50 regulation sized pitchers and $.35 delicious jumbo wings in the city, it's environment is unmatched. The history, sense of community and general good spirits that spew from the neon lighted placard on Drury St. can alter your mood on the gloomiest of days. Would you like a $37 specialty martini for a quarter the price and twice the deliciousness? McGillins has you covered. Had a long day at the office and just want to unwind with friends? McGillins has you covered. Want to watch a game on a weekday and money is tight? Wing Night on tuesdays has you covered. Speaking of cover, McGillins has none. I used to go to McGillin's every tuesday for wing night while attending college in the city and every time I stepped  through the wooden doors I was greeted by the amazing staff as if I were royalty. After being removed from Philly for three years due to work, I recently walked back into McGillins and not only did the staff recognize me, but I was greeted with hugs and general interest about what I had been up to. McGillin's is an incredibly special place whether its completely empty or packed to the brim. There is something special about this place that brings people closer together.  McGillin's is amazing, the food is cheap, the beer is cheap and you will have a good time guaranteed.Mediocre pub atmosphere with no redeeming qualities and incredibly rude staff. There are much better neighborhood pub options nearby.If you are looking for a Philly-esque drinking spot on the cheap McGillian's is your spot. They have cheap pitchers, a lively crowd, average servers, and decent food as well. I would recommend it for happy hour or a good starting point for a night of bar hopping since it's so laid back and cheap. 
If you really want a treat try going on a Sunday for kareoke. It's hysterical!
And try their Nachos! They're pretty good when they're good but not consistently good.I walked in and the waitress said grab a seat anywhere. We found a table with one seat so I went to grab an empty seat right next to me at the bar. The bartender barked at me and shook his head at me. Why would you not say something like, "hey, we need that seat here I am sorry." I am still fuming. BRU craft & wurst across the street was awesome. Try this place first.This place is everything a pub should be! It has $5 pitchers on most nights and Saturday night is Karaoke Night. Be warned though, it gets crowded!!! There is a room upstairs but it is smaller and is crowded as well.
My favorite night however, is Tuesdays, where wings are 25 cents. They are quite tasty and come with all the fixins'. The TVs here are fairly new but not as pleasureable to view as other bars in the area. They are set at weird angles and depending on where you're sitting, you may not have a good view of one.
Other than that, the staff are friendly, do the best they can, and the crowd is lively. Definitely a spot to be a regular at.Oldest bar in philly. Great ambience. Good beer at affordable prices. Standard bar menu but executed well. Nice staff. Rough on the disabled people like myself entrance requires a step up.Very popular bar/restaurant. This is a large space with a large bar that seats a lot of regulars from the neighborhood. Beer list is solid but the food is a little lacking although you get a free bowl of soup if you like. Friendly bartenders and patrons.Seems staff is more concerned with yelling at their patrons to not be in the service area, rather than making their drink orders correctly.  Not our fault your bar setup is a wreck, and you can't figure out a better solution.  That's the least of your problems... every single cocktail we ordered was undrinkable.   For a second I thought I was on Bar Rescue.   What a joke!  Too many better establishments in the city to go to.Oldest Pub in Philadelphia. Fantastic ambience a lot to look at inside. We also selected music and the music box would also take pictures and send them to you. We played some games "count to 21 a cheers to the governor". 
Had fun and would return.This place is a must if you're visiting Philly! It's the oldest bar in the city. I came here for a drink before dinner and it did not disappoint. They have a great selection of beers on draft, and we tried the sampler. You try 6 beers total, and 5 are already chosen for you so you can pick the 6th. The sample sizes are HUGE compared to other places I've sampled at before. Their prices are also great, especially being in the city. They had some good holiday specialty cocktails too - I tried the Cranberry Mule. The vibe and feel of the place is fun. Definitely stop in if you're visiting!!Good college bar. Loud music and cheap beer. Yuenglings for $3.50!great place.  loud and extremely busy during philly sporting events but everyone is always smiling there.I loved this place!  Had an awesome vibe and a nice crowd mix.  It was insanely warm (in January) the night I was there so that was my only issue, but on a next trip to Philadelphia I would definately go again.My friends and I came here to celebrate a birthday, and had a lovely time.  A bit loud overall, but down to earth, rowdy, and fun in general.  Karaoke on Sunday night was crowded and entertaining with a fairly forgiving crowd, and I was sad to not get there early enough to get my song in (hence only 4 stars...because I am a pouter and believe the KJ to be biased against Guns and Roses).  But if you are looking for a comfortable place to drink, where you can discuss song selection with total strangers with no trepidation, this is the place for you.When I travel, I make a point of seeking out the oldest bar in a city. I like history and I like booze so if I have a chance to combine the two, I'm gonna do it. After wolfing down a cheesesteak, checking out the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, we hoofed it aways, turned down an alley and found McGillins. It was established in 1860. The inside was toasty warm. Their brews were good. The service was great.  It looked like Christmas threw up all over the inside because their holiday decorations were crazy. The place was LOUD. The menu offering was unremarkable and reasonably priced.  I wasn't there to eat. I was there to experience history! and BEER!. The beer that I had, of their own creation was great. If you want a loud, friendly bar with cheap eats and great beer that just happens to be historical, then I think this is the place for you!This place surprised me with a very neighborhood-bar kind of feel.  It was pretty crrowded but we had no troubles finding seats. 
Food was good their house brews not so much. Frankly my experience in PHL leads me to believe the city doesn't appreciate beer as much as other places. 
Would definitely go back to McGillins again tho. . .Eine unheimlich gemtliche Location im Stile eines Pubs. Es gibt eine sehr groe Karte mit vielen verschiedenen Speisen, insbesondere auch lokalen Spezialitten. Man sollte kein feines Restaurant erwarten, es handelt sich eher um Hausmannskost. Das Essen und der Service sind hervorragend. Dazu gibt es eine reichhaltige Bierkarte mit sehr interessanten Bieren. Fazit: Fr sehr kleines Geld richtig gutes Essen und tolle Biere. Ein Besuch lohnt sich.McGillin's is a classic old pub that I never get tired of.   Officially dubbed the oldest bar in the country and I believe it..
You can find a decent and mixed crowd almost any night of the week. I don't eat there too often but I've been pleasantly surprised each time. Solid turkey burgers and wings.  And the service is always friendly.
 They have the standard brews except for Guinness so if you are a fan of Guinness, don't bother going to McGillan's. They do not serve the world's most famous stout due to a silly dispute with the Guinness Import Company and the owner.I used to be a regular here during my college days for 25 cent wing night. Maybe because I was broke and anything that cheap tasted great. But now I got a actual bankroll and a refined pallet I can tell what is good buffalo wing. I didn't even finish my wings. The wings tasted old and buried in sauce to mask it. I ordered a crock chili as well. It was okay but jumping up and down about. I get its that it is bar food and this a legendary bar. Other than that the atmosphere is always great there. Service was great and efficient. I had a local draft of Walt Wit and that was good. Hang and enjoy the beer & atmosphere as a pre game before eating dinner.Oh, McGillin's. I come here when I want a very specific kind of night -- the kind of night where I get cheap beer by the pitcher, dance to pop music, and flirt with frat boy types.
On Wednesday and Sunday nights, they have hands down the most entertaining karaoke I have ever experienced.$7 pitchers after 5pm, Can't beat that anywhere you go. Wings are great and the draft list includes local microbrews for a reasonable price.I love coming to this bar every year I'm in town for work.  Sundays are fun for karaoke.  Weekend nights can get pretty crazy and packed.  It's almost better to go when it's slower so it's not so crowded.  The staff is also very friendly and cool, which is sometimes hard to find in the city of Philadelphia.  Such a cool atmosphere & great prices!Always a great time!! Chris, Rach, Jen, Tony are always fast to pour your draft and sing to the Jukebox!!  Best Bar in Philly! Hands down!!Just went here last night for a happy hour and had a good time. Beer and bar food was pretty cheap. 
Then, an hour or so into our evening, disaster struck.... I got hiccups. So I took a stab in the dark and asked the bartender if he had any peanut butter. As expected, they did not. But he did have a cure for my hiccups. A lemon wedge with sugar and bitters on top. IT WORKED! He was my hero at that point. Then I got the hiccups back an hour or so later and he helped me out again. Worked beautifully both times.
My only complaint about this place is there's not a lot of room to stand around and talk on the first floor. I felt like I was always in someones way.This place is downright hilarious. Go there on a Friday night and you'll find a loud (but not obnoxiously so), packed bar that is almost reminiscent of St. Elmo's. 
The beer selection is not for the connoisseur, but it won't kill you. The food is ridiculously cheap ($6.99 for a huge shepherd's pie), and it probably won't kill you either, but you might not feel your best for a day or so.
This place is a crowd pleaser. If you're not sure where to bring your friends from out of town, start here. If they're snobs, they'll enjoy making fun of the pregnant waitress in the mini skirt, or the south jersey tourists. If they're normal humans, they'll fit right in.35 cent buffalo wing night is very decent! the wings are not smaller than usual which is a great deal. fast service and friendly staff. fries are very crispy and fresh as well.Too crowded and way too noisy. Waitresses too busy. Long wait for beers.THIS PLACE WAS PACKED.
It was nearly impossible to safely order drinks and enjoy them(not dropping them). 
It was a fantastic atmosphere, I enjoyed the visit, but with it cold outside and hot inside, it was very uncomfortable inside smushed and crammed in.Oldest bar in Philly - just an FYI. If you are visiting here it is worth the stop just to say you have been there. As a local it is just OK - it is an average dive bar. Cheap pitchers are a plus. The food is good. Solid place to grab some beers and lunch/early dinner with some friends. 
As for the nightlife  - karaoke nights here are pretty damn fun. It draws a great crowd and every time I go I have a great time. Get there early if you want a table!
If there is no karaoke I do not suggest this place - it can get packed, there is no dance floor and limited space to move. There is only a juke box on the 2nd floor so unless you are picking A+ songs all night you are screwed listening to some a-holes choice in music (it can be painful). If you are looking to stand in a group, not move, and drink some beers this is your spot. If you are looking to listen to good music, dance, and meet a hot guy/girl go somewhere else.We wanted a drinking hole and that's what we got. Cheap drinks and great atmosphere. And while I can't speak for the food it looked good. Fun place, would certainly return.LOVED it here!!! Cheap, great drink specials.The food was also cheap and delicious. Overall we were loved it here. Definitely want to come back and check out upstairs.The vibe outside is actually much cooler than the one inside. You walk down a narrow alley and it's right there on your right. It feels loud, boisterous, and energetic. You think "Wow, this could be a really cool taste of Olde Philadelphia! Revolutionaries could have plotted over tankards of ale here!" 
Inside, it disappoints. Over the two floors instead of patriots you'll be more likely to find hoards of post-college patrons swilling pitchers of Yuengling. Not that it's a bad thing but you would think an establishment promoting its legacy as the oldest continuously operated bar in Philly would try to keep some charm.  
It's a normal American bar and if that's your scene you'll like McGillin's but don't expect anything special.We had been there before so we went there on a Thursday after a business event. We walked in on the first floor and it was pretty crowded. We immediately headed upstairs to see if there was more room up there. It was not as crowded. As the four of us in nice suits & Ties walked towards the bar, the fat pig of a bartender, rolls her eyes and walks off when we are about a foot away from ordering. Like she was disgusted by our presence.  WTF. We did get immediately served by the male bartender who was not much happier. They had acoustic music which as ok.  Overall, we did not stay long. We were not impressed with our first impression. We will pick somewhere else next time.If you ever go to philly this is the one place you have to go. Food is great and the servicee, for how hectic and busy it was is simply amazing. Nice vibe, people in a good mood and room to dance while people enjoy karoke.I first ventured into this bar my Senior year at Penn, on the infamous Walnut Walk. I should start by mentioning, perhaps, that I am a big fan of dive bars, so immediately I was taken by this place! $5 pitchers? Yes please! While the $5 pitchers are of the cheapest most water like beers (read PBR and Bud light) they also have quite the selection of nicer beers, at quite reasonable prices. 
Cons: They actually measure a shot out per drink. I don't know about you, but that bothers me. It also can get ridiculously crowded, with little place to stand, let alone sit! The staff border on rude, the doorman especially, and some of the waitresses are less than welcoming, but meh, for the most part they're really sweet.
Pros: Their wings are AMAZING!!! Food is cheap and yet really good, and if you sit downstairs during happy hour/dinner time, and the windows are open you get quite the breeze.
Definitely add this place to your list!McGillin's is a staple night spot, especially on Wednesday's for me.  The place has been open for 147 years, so they've had time to learn how to be one of the best pubs out there.
As previously mentioned, McGillin's still has its old, rustic charm.  Virtually everything in the bar is old, lacquered wood that holds the historic feel.  The ceilings are low, the lighting dim, and the real wood fireplace raging in the winter.
Located in the newly named Midtown Village (shut up, it's the Gayborhood), McGillin's is surrounded by great shopping, eating and drinking.  It's easily accessible from just about anywhere, and I've never had an issue with finding a place to park within 4 blocks.
McGillin's most redeeming quality is its nightly specials.  There's one for every night of the week, save Sunday.  The special is pretty fantastic every night, but as I mentioned, my favorite night is Wednesday.
In fact, my friends and I were there last night partaking in every aspect of the special:
$5 Pitchers: Bud Light, Pabst Blue Ribbon -- I had myself a lovely pitcher of PBR.
$2 Pint - Featured Micro Brew -- A friend sampled this and wasn't disappointed.
$1 for two tacos -- OHMUHGAWD four delicious tacos for $2.
Live Karaoke @ 9 pm -- I sang both "Hey Jealousy" - Gin Blossoms and "Your Love" - The Outfield.
Basically, what I'm saying is that I have a crush on McGillin's.
PS - There's a parking garage with green awnings around the corner from Macy's on 13th and Chestnut.  I'd be wary of parking there, because last night we went to get my friend's car at 1am, and the place was totally locked up.  Not cool!I'm Asian, and I love to karaoke!  Karaoke is in my blood.  When I'm not karaoking, I'm at home playing Rock Band 2 (singer, of course).  When I'm not karoking or playing Rock Band 2, I'm singing in the shower or in my car.  This place is the place to go for karaoke.
I know this place is a little trashy and a little college-ish, but I've NEVER had a bad time there.  Drinks are cheap and plentiful.  As I drink, I feel younger and younger.  On Wednesdays, you can't beat 2-tacos-for-$1.  Sandwiches are cheap.  
The upper stairs bar is clean and respectable when the downstairs gets a little crowded.
Supposedly, this is the oldest bar in Philly.  You can also get a feel of history while you're here.This place is SO loud that you can't hear your own thoughts.Food is just okay. I been there twice. First time I ordered mussels as appetizer and they there good. Also order a chicken marsala sandwich which was GROSS. I just took a bite and was going to leave it but the waitress wrap it up, so had to take it. Try giving to my cats and they didn't eat it either. 
This Friday I went again because they had Octoberfish on tap which is a very nice beer. I get there, no beer, mussels where bad this time, loud as usual. Hot wings are just okay there. But it's a cheap place to get drunk, I guess.This place deserves a five star rating simply for being he cheapest option in the area. And thankfully, the food is good too. 
At our tale we had a burger, sausages, grilled cheese, and some turkey thing. And it was all good. I inhaled my grilled cheese. The beer is also cheap. I tried the Ithica (I'm from Baltimore so I've never heard of it before) and enjoyed it greatly. 
Between the four of us with food and drinks, we spent $56. That's a friggen' steal and a half. I think I know where my new go too place in Philly is.After drinking fancy drinks at a trendy joint, I found myself here. And I'm still processing it, because it was a very strange experience for me. I'm thinking that if I had gone to a frat party when I was in college it may have been like this. There were sports being watched while people chugged beer and The Grateful Dead was being played. Very loudly.
So while I tried to deal with this strange new world I randomly found myself in, I enjoyed a delicious beer and some very tasty french fries, served with my required side of honey mustard. De-lish! And our bartender was a sweetie. But the bouncer was the first dude in a long time not to ask for my ID when I came in. Does that mean I'm looking really old or he's just a slacker? If you're thinking the former, then please just lie to me. Pretty please? I'll share my french fries with you!I really liked this place when I came in while visiting Philly for a conference.  I stopped in for lunch.  I had the best open faced turkey sandwich I had ever had.  It was a great size, great flavorful turkey, smooth mashed potatoes and rich gravy.  It was a little chilly and it definitely hit the spot.  They also have a great beer selection.
I ended up coming back with my husband a few days later.  We stopped in just for a beer and a snack.  We had the old bay wings, which were perfectly salty and crunchy.  We actually attempted to come back another time during our strip but it was very crowded at night.
The service was great and so many things looked great on the menu.  This is a great pub, casual place to hang out and get good food and drinks.Cheap drinks! Good atmosphere and vibe! Came here a bit late after the kitchen closed (we were so desperately hungry and wanting/needing food) so we opted to just drink instead. Music is a little meh. Plenty of early 2000s throwback (what's with Philly and the music!? cmon guys, step it up! LOL), which can be a good thing but the choices aren't always great. Anyway, it's a great place to just hang out and unwind after a crazy day/week and in a great location!Went here while on a business trip.  Mediocre food and pretty good beer.  Had the house IPA and the famous RB sandwich.  The sandwich was lukewarm and chips were very average.  Slaw was pretty bland, not overly tangy or overly sweet.  Also got an order of the fries.  They were blah.  
However, seems like a fun place to watch a game or something.  The waitstaff was nice enough and the service was exactly what you would expect in a crowded bar on a Friday night.My friends and I were on a Center City scavenger hunt (http://www.phillythegame.com/) and one of the stops was McGillin's. We decided that since we were there, we had to buy a couple pitchers of lager ($6 each), right? Of course we did! We chatted it up with the friendly bartender who asked how our hunt was going. I glanced at some of the old photos and tschotskes around the bar and felt like I had been transported to another time. I waxed nostalgic and yearned for the good 'ol days and felt somehow more .. patriotic. McGillin's contains a lot of history and I was honored to be there for the first time!
I don't know what it's like at night but on this particular Sunday afternoon it was fairly quiet, with most patrons at tables having a bite instead of at the bar being drunk and disorderly. 
I could definitely see myself as a regular here.I've been here many times and I can't say that I've been disappointed when leaving. I can say that I've left here pretty drunk every time. The cheap pitchers will get you! It's definitely a great place for groups/friends to have several beers with. It can get packed later during weeknights and especially during the weekend. This place is pretty brotastic and can get douchey, which comes with the territory.
The place is generally loud and dimly lit. So romantics, if you're trying to get your swerve on in the candlelight, you can skip this place. I find upstairs a lot louder than downstairs. The music upstairs has a bit more of a dance, sing-a-long feel, while downstairs is a tamer version of it. I really like the nachos and tex-mex fries. I recommend that you stay away from the Thursday 2.99 cheese nachos. Honestly, one of the saddest plates of food I've ever seen. It was basically some tortilla chips with sparsely placed cheese and a couple dollops of sour cream. Complained to the server and she basically said "well...you're getting what you paid for". Lame. So get the main menu ones! Come with friends, leave tipsy.What can I say that hasn't already been said. This is an absolute go to bar for anyone visiting the city. I'm literally reminding my friends going for Octoberfest to go here at least once for me. If you want to drink, be merry, and do it without breaking your wallet you owe it to yourself to come here.I had just recently moved to Philly with my now fiance (hold you applause lol) and i was not a fan at all. I mean i am a jersey boy born and raised but i had spent a good portion of my last few years in Florida after i had transferred to a school down there. So safe to say that though i hated Florida i loved where i lived because my friends were there. My BEST friends . So when i decided to move back up north to Philly it wasn't without its troubles. I am gone most of the year in Europe so when i would come home i would always have my friends to see when i was in FL. Not this time i was bored bored and ...oh yeah BORED. So i would hop on a plane and get back to Florida as soon as i could. This became a problem and increasingly hard because i didn't like being away the lady anymore. So i decided to tough it out and do what i do best make something that isn't mine...my own
So one night,i ventured into the city to look around. Now i dint remember who exactly was with me but i remember someone saying that its the oldest bar in Philly or something about that. I am a history buff so 'i was "gotta see this". I honestly have to say that i have never felt more comfortable in terms the first time. Not overstated, i am 6'10 so as with most tall people,intentionally or unintentionally have a bit of a complex about the eyes in a public setting. Its normal but that first time would make anyone a bit uneasy. Anyway, after that first time with Good food (Chicken Tenders and french fries is there anything else lol) and great and cheap pitchers of beer i was hooked...One Problem...The next day i couldn't remember where it was....for the next month i think i could only find the place with something called "Drunk Recall"lol...but if i was sober i would walk in circles for a little and then give up. lol
It wasn't until i started to get the hang out more in the city that i figured out that drury was basically an alley.One day i was running toward broad street gym i made a wrong turn and noticed i just ran past the place. I interrupted my workout and retraced my run all the way to Market. And though i still mess it up at times i have allowed myself to become a regular at this bar when I'm home. Between the bartenders ,waitresses bouncers and funny/Friendly patrons  McGillins is by far my favorite spot in Center City if not Philly and it should be yours tooI had a fucking blast here on St. Patrick's Day.  And that's all I'm allowed to say.