The customer service when I called for a reservation for a large party was so unprofessional and unhelpful that we never even made it to the restaurant this time around.  I had called and left a message and did not receive a call back.  When I called again, I was told there was no availability.  I know via urbanspoon that it would've been available if my phone call had been returned in a timely manner.  To top it off, I was faced with attitude.  They should consider who they elect to answer their phones.The quality of the food isn't high enough for me to put up with that.   There are plenty better BYOB's in this city.A bit pricey, but one of the highest quality Italian menus you'll find in Philly.
The service is attentive and professional, and the food is always wonderful.  My favorite is the Mushroom Papardelle, wide ribbon pasta in a mushroom-based cream sauce.  Incredible, although I'm actually not sure if that was a standard menu item or a special that day.
Like I said, the prices are on the high side, no doubt to help cover what must be some very high rent for that part of town (2 blocks off Rittenhouse Square).  And I think that there is a brightness and a "starkness" to the decor that, if cured by someone with a good design eye via a few simple changes, could go a long way toward making this a true 5-star establishment.My wife and I didn't want our last dinner on our Philly visit to be too heavy (no Del Frisco's) nor too touristy (no cheesesteak).  I yelp'd Melograno and we decided to go.  Soooo glad we did!  Notes:
1) needed to eat early as our 1.y.o. wouldn't last too late; we arrived at 6pm and did not wait.
2) by 6:45pm the line was out the door.
3) host was friendly over the phone, and equally gracious upon arrival.
4) BYO!
5) there's a liquor store 1.5 blocks away
6) ambiance excellent, rustic
7) baby high chairs, yes!
8) limited menu with EXCELLENT choices.
9) we ordered all the specials: gorgonzola meatball starter, filet for her, tuna for me. all cooked to perfection the first time out.
10) table bread quite good and served warm.
11) servers quick with water refills.
12) got a bit loud once it filled up, good buzz
13) ginger creme brule crisped well, yummy
14) host noticed our son had a skin condition on his chin - she mentioned a remedy (it worked!)
15) prices very reasonable considering we got specials 
16) last but not least, our server LUIS was one of the best servers we've ever had at any restaurant, and we eat out a lot and in some very nice places. LUIS was courteous, attentive, understanding, and knowledgable - he interacted with us as if we were family and wanted us to have the best experience possible. The food was a delight, but LUIS won us over.  
Will eat here whenever I'm in Philly.Had high expectations for Melograno, but I didn't leave super impressed. Nothing was out of the ordinary on the menu that we tried, but then again, it was Retaurant Week. The bread for the table wasn't warm - not a big deal, but fresh, warm bread can sometimes be a really pleasant surprise! We ordered the chicken liver crostini and the veal meatballs. Very simple and done well with a nice touch of fried sage leaves. I had the steak with a side of cannelini beans. The beans were literally just plain beans without any seasoning, sauce, or interesting texture. The steak was a bit chewy and underseasoned. A big portion and not terrible, but again, not worth four or five stars. 
The desserts were probably the highlight of the meal: a warm chocolate cake and an apple cake with sea salt caramel ice cream. Proper portions, fresh, and delicious.
Unfortunately, I probably won't be returning to Melograno, although I did like the overall ambience, and of course, the location!The Melgrano experience was good enough.  The space is very open with few but interesting accents.  The seating is cozy, which is a good thing because on a busy and loud Friday night, you're practically screaming at your date/friend/or some combination of both in spite of the proximity.  The pasta we ordered (wild boar and bucatini with pancetta) were actually quite good.  However, the rest of the meal was nothing to write home or yelp about.  The pizza desperately needed some salt and the service desperately needed to be less frazzled and a bit quicker.Came here for my friends birthday with a party of seven. They were extremely attentive, bringing extra bread when we ran out, dousing our meals w fresh cracked pepper, etc. when the restaurant was completely packed. They recommended great meal
Choices and everything we got was delicious. Combined with the fact that this place is a BYOB, makes it a no brainer! The pappardelle and the gnocchi of the day blew our minds.3.5 stars
I'll be the 1st person to let you know that i'm not a fan of italian food. When my friend recommended we have dinner here, I didn't want to be a debbie downer so I agreed. She got some wild mushroom dish which was good. I forgot what I ordered but it had to pull pork/meat in it. It was def tasty. Not what I expected.
It's BYOB so we got a small bottle to share nearby. The waiter was attentive (and cute) and he did recommend that I get the pulled pork/meat dish which I appreciated.
I do want to go back and try the grill octopus app.Yum!  I was in Philly for the weekend with my sister and friend of hers and we were in the mood for Italian.  We tried to go to Porcini's but they were booked for the evening and so we decided on Melograno.  We didn't have reservations but we managed to get the last table and had the most fantastic time.  We ordered Insalata Melograno, the Antipasto Rustico and various pasta dishes for our entrees.  The food was so good, it makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  I ordered the Spaghetti all' Amatriciana and it was very good but my sister ordered the Pappardelle Tartufate- I had a taste and it was delish!  What really sealed the deal for me was the service- our server was so nice and friendly!  I love this place!One of my Philly faves. Order the tartufate or cacio e pepe for the pasta course. The fegatini and rusticito are great as well. Great byob that's very reasonably priced.This place was recommended by a friend and boy was it a great recommendation!  Food was pretty darn good!  My absolute favorite is the mussels.  My two friends and I ate 3 servings of the complimentary bread - using the mussel sauce as a dipping sauce (I usually try to avoid the bread because I don't like to ruin my appetite, but it was absolutely IRRESISTIBLE).  Soo worth it!  Their pasta dishes are yummy.  I will definitely be back.  It is also BYOB spot, people!  My kind of place.This place is such a cute, yummy BYO Italian restaurant. It's great for either date night (although can be a little loud) as well as group dinners (there were easily four large parties when we were there on a Fri night).
Hubby had the Restaurant Week meal (fab deal - four huge courses) and I just chose the fritto de mare (just ok, too many small pieces of deeply fried calamari bits for me...but sardines were great) and Pappardelle Tartufate (AMAZING!!). My hubby's grilled octopus starter and spaghetti were similarly amazing, while the pork chop was pretty good. 
Service is excellent - attentive without hanging over the table, and super thoughtful. The waiter gave us a free creme brulee when hubby's Restaurant Week dessert came "just because." 
IMO, this place shines when it comes to pasta and antipasti. Combined with BYO, it's a great choice when you're craving some solid Italian.this was our fourth time eating here. I love the food and ambience. We loved the antipasto platter and there was a yummy flatbread special list night with figs, caramelized onions and cheese. The four of us shared the mushroom pasta-delicious. Everyone enjoyed their entrees-chicken, lamb, filet mignon and salmon. Only one glitch with the service. someone brought my salmon entree when we had asked for the pasta course to be served as a second course before the main course. The server was not the person who took our order. She immediately came over to our table when she realized the mistake (the salmon was supposed to go to another table) but it was too late. fortunately I don't mind eating salmon at room temperature so everything worked out ok. 
There is a lot of energy in the restaurant but I wish that the decibel level was a tad lower as it becomes a bit challenging to hear once the restaurant is filled.
Overall, I continue to enjoy coming here and highly recommend it.I was thrilled to have Melograno in my neck of the woods (not that 22nd & Spruce is that far away).    Because I live so close, I never have had to wait.  I usually run over right at 6 or 6:30 and they can fit in a party of two.
I have to admit that I never thought it was worth the effort for a 1.5 hour wait at the old location.   
The weekday reservation policy is great for those who are coming further.
This is my go to place to bring friends from out of town.  Consistently good food.  The servers know me now, so that is a bonus.   I find it best to come with a group of 4 or less.  It is a small kitchen and my friend's entree came out cold at a large bachlorette dinner.  
I usually get the Parpadelle with wild mushrooms or the wild boar.  I've sampled pretty much everything.  And, that is why I cannot give them a fifth star.  I would love to see a little rotation of the specials.  Let's see if the spring inspires a few changes!Went to Melograno for dinner on Saturday night.  We were walking around looking for a place to have dinner, so we didn't have reservations, but they were able to seat us (it was still fairly early in the evening).  The hostess was cheerful and pleasant.  The waiter was nice.  He recommended the pasta with mushrooms for me.  He said it was their signature dish.  It was quite flavorful.  My partner had the pasta special (spinach pasta), which he enjoyed.  Our dinner guests had the steak and the wild boar pasta.  Our guest said the wild boar pasta was delicious.  We then had the tiramisu and our guests had the chocolate cake.  Both were EXCELLENT.  Prices for the pasta dishes are reasonable.  Total bill for 4 people was $127 without tip.  I believe it is a BYOB, so I don't know if they charge a corkage fee.  Would definitely visit again.Has success spoiled Melograno? Sadly yes. This was the place I loved, raved about, brought out of town guests, and dreamed of the food. Alas.......... It is SO noisy that it is impossible to hear anyone speak so you have to yell and that makes everyone else yell and it gets louder! I think it has become one of those places where people think they must be having fun because everyone is yelling! Better Bring a LOT of byob! The frat girl at the next table had so much perfume that was mostly what I tasted. And watching the kitchen staff cook is to observe some previously great team have to play their game under impossible circumstances. The food, formerly so spectacular, shows it. Competent, occasionally really good (the pasta with guinea hen) but mostly pedestrian and dispirited. Just Damn Sad. Will Not go back.Had dinner here last night with a group of friends. My wife and I split the Rustico appetizer (board of meats, cheese, and veggies) and thought it was great. I ordered the pappardelle with wild boar ragu for my entree and thought it was good, though it was a bit small for my appetite  and I was still a bit hungry afterward. Luckily that led to me swiping a few bites of my wife's pasta (with kale and prosciutto in a cream sauce) that was pretty awesome.
In all, a decent and inviting Italian place. But with so many options for Italian in Philly, I'm not sure it's worth the revisit.Great restaurant.  We had the antipasti platter, ravioli, and panna cotta.  All was very good!  Such a cute and cozy place.  Loved the atmosphere.Three of us went here for restaurant week and had a great time.  Started with three small pieces of pizza that were quite good.  Bread was fresh, and served with very good olive oil and was replenished without having to ask.  They serve water in a large carafe that is kept filled.  Appetizers were the arugula salad and meatballs that were both excellent.  Dinners were salmon on cous cous with raisins, lamb shank, and ribs.  All were excellent.  Desserts were superb: Tiramisu and pana cotta.  Service was outstanding but not obtrusive.  Only downside was the noise level, which can get loud.I have been here twice and was never disappointed.  their food and wait staff are both great, and the food is all fresh, well prepared and presented beautifully.  BYOB, so you need to bring your own.EDIT MADE SAME DAY (1/3/2017): 
Received a call from the general manager who was extremely considerate and respectful. Made me aware that she had indeed taken precautions by informing her staff of my dietary restrictions. Let me know that it was a server error. Vegetarian dishes had been prepared, however, our server grabbed wrong plate and served it. Although there was a mistake made during my meal, I am both relieved and reassured that they do take allergies and dietary restrictions seriously. Appreciate the call!
--------------------------------------------------
Negatives: I went in Friday (the day before NYE) and spoke to the restaurant manager about arranging for an all vegetarian prefix meal. She was very kind and went through the menu with me and assured me I would only have vegetarian options. Ordered off the regular menu the day off, requested to the waiter that we have the bruschetta without octopus. Both the bruschetta that were served to our table had octopi. I've been a vegetarian my entire life, and this was quite a disappointment to me. It seemed careless on the part of chefs (maybe? Or someone else?) that they possibly wanted to use the bruschetta mixture with octopus regardless of what the customer's dietary preferences are. There was no compensation given on behalf of the restaurant, we paid full price and also gave a 20% tip off the fixed price NYE rate ($65/per person).
Positives: Entrees were good! Ambiance was cozy, and elegant. 
Hope that Melograno thinks about and respects the customer's dietary preferences next time! Whereas I was lucky enough to have just been vegetarian out of religious and personal preferences, some people may have been allergic to shellfish/seafood, etc. In those cases, there would be much more serious consequences.Melograno is a nice BYOB tucked away near Fitler Square. They specialize in Tuscan cuisine and have a nice array or classic Italian options on their menu. The decor is nice and warm making you feel welcome inthe small space. Pasta is homemade and outstanding, they do a good job of cooking it to the right texture. In addition to the nice selection of pastas they have several salads to choose from and both fish and meat dishes. The seafood in particular was excellent, very fresh, and mixed with nice herbs and sauces. The waiter swore by the tiramisu but we went with the chocolate cake and apple tart which was really more like a cake. Both were good and capped off a very good dinner.Worst experience I've ever had at a BYOB. To begin with, the hostess Ann was incredibly rude and arrogant when taking my reservation and rude to my entire party when we arrived. Listen, we know you need to turn your tables but telling us over and over again was not necessary. We were hurried through our dinner, perhaps we were not aware that our money wasn't as green as the other customers (??) The waitress was sullen, unfriendly and glared us down while we looked over the menu and at the end unceremoniously flung our check at our tables. Servers were equally rude and unpleasant. The food was decent but not worth being treated like dirt when you go out to eat. There are many more excellent BYOBs in Philly to partonize in this economic climate. Don't ruin your dinner experience by going here (unless you're a sucker for abuse)The day before a race in town a few weekends back, my wife and I grabbed dinner at Melograno. When we were in school in Philly, we walked by this restaurant several times on the way to Vic's down the street, but I had never made it in before this year. It was quite packed on Friday, and a reservation was definitely a good call for this cozy restaurant that has NYC-style spacing between tables (read: not much). The upshot of being close by to others is the table next to us did not finish their bottle of wine - so they offered us a couple glasses! Unfortunately the service was less hospitable, with menus taking a while to arrive and our waitress being inattentive in general. Perhaps it is better in a slower environment, but it was quite impersonal and at odds with the atmosphere of the restaurant.
We started out sharing the meatballs. While the tomato sauce was rich, I found the meatballs to simply be overdone - they were dried out and a bit on the rubbery side. While it still had decent flavoring, the texture was simply not up to snuff given the overcooking. My wife and I both ended up doing the pappardelle; she went with the truffled mushrooms, while I did the wild boar ragu. Mine was the worse of the two; I felt the ragu did not stand out at all in terms of flavoring, as it tasted like a generic tomato-based sauce with pieces of meat here and there (and let me tell you - there was very little actual meat in the sauce, as far as I could tell). The pappardelle with the wild mushrooms, though, was delicious; I really enjoyed the walnuts that added a bit of crunchy texture to each bite, and the truffle oil added that nice richness as a bit more of a bold flavor on top of the wild mushrooms.
While my wife's dish was impeccably done, I couldn't really understand why the rest of the meal was pretty disappointing overall. The value is decent, and I like the old-school feel of the restaurant, but the quality definitely came off as inconsistent. Combined with service that didn't really seem to care, and you have an experience that I probably wouldn't be seeking out that much.I can vouch for previous reviews that mention bad service. I'm not high-maintenance and there are hundred of other great Italian BYOs to choose from. This one missed the mark. 
The food was fine but overall it was an awkward and unpleasant experience. I've gotten better customer service at my local deli. Take your money and your wine and go elsewhere.Came here recently with  my boyfriend for a Friday dinner. Food was very good. We started with the grilled calamari topped on a bed of eggplant marmalade and green beans.The calamari were few, but were very good. I found the eggplant marmalade very weird, however. 
I had the pappardelle with mushrooms, crushed walnuts, and truffle oil. REALLY GOOD! My boyfriend had the grilled shrimp with polenta. Also very good but a bit plain.
The waitstaff were great and the restaurant is BYOB (always a plus). The inside of the restaurant is very charming. I would definitely recommend this restaurant!Very good inexpensive Italian food with excellent decor and good service.  Only annoyance is no reservations.I'm surprised this place doesn't have higher ratings! My friends and I went for restaurant week last Friday.  We were seated right on time for our reservation even though the place was super crowded. I had the mushroom flat bread for the first course, the pappardelle with a wild boar ragu for the second course, and for dessert I had the tiramisu and it was all fantastic, and the bites of my friends dishes I had were great as well.  The waitstaff was friendly and the restaurant itself was very cute, overall a great experience!YUM. incredibly fresh pasta, amazing service with hilarious waiters (or at least the waiter we had), great BYO, good for big groups OR an intimate dinner for two, AND had my boyfriend's number on file so called him when he left his credit card.
PULPO: This octopus is the best version I've had of this dish. Before, it was Mario Batali's osteria mozza in LA - but the octopus was perfectly charred, sitting over potatoes. The only problem was that I wanted so much more of it. (pretty small portion)
TONARELLI CACIO e PEPE: Totally simple and delicious, the way my bf likes it. The pasta was SO fresh and had the perfect consistency. Highly recommend if you like the pasta to just shine on it's own.
PESTO PASTA: Also a very simple pasta, done with a very heavy pesto. The problem with pesto is that you eat so much of it without realizing the thousands of cals you've just consumed...the pasta itself was incredible, but I think lighter on the pesto would've made the dish a little better.
PAPARDELLE TARTAFUTE: okay, we didn't have this one bc my man hates mushrooms. (i know, how do i live with this???) But, the waiter said it was the best thing ever, and I saw it go by and started drooling. 
Great place for a really authentic Italian meal- I know Philly has innumerable Italian restaurants, but I would definitely go with melograno for a moderately priced but delicious meal.My brother booked a reservation for restaurant week and this place did not upset! We brought our own bottle of wine and enjoyed a wonderful 3 course meal.  Everything from the appetizers to desert was phenomenal.  There are items for vegetarians as well as people who love to try different variations of Italian food!  The service was great and the venue was small and quaint (very nice homey feel to it).  Loved it!Went out with a group for a friends birthday, seven of us in total.  The food was excellent (highly recommend the meatball appetizer and the pork main course).  
The service on the other hand was abysmal.  Not only did we have to continually remind our server to bring us water but on most instances she just stood in the back.  Then when it came time to pay, we provided 80% of the bill in cash and the rest was to be split on two cards (not complicated by any means and we do this often if someone forgets to bring cash with them).  She returned with our bill and told us she couldn't do it that way and when we asked why it was such a problem proceeded to ask if we thought she was stupid! In the end our one friend fronted the whole bill and just pocked the cash.
Then when leaving the tip and departing she picked up the check before we had even begun to leave (still sipping coffee and chatting) and then turned around and berated us on why we only left her 15%.  To which we proceeded to say she was hard to get a hold of and we felt like our table was neglected most of the evening.  She then became even more agitated and demand more explanation to which we retorted we didn't have to provide one and walked out without finishing our coffee or desert.  
I will not be returning regardless of how good the food was there's no reason harass a customer.Our top BYOB place was booked for the night for our double date, so instead I we gave this place a try. Definitely exceeded my expectations!
FOOD: 4/5
The food was great in terms of choices and taste. I had meatballs for appetizer and the wild boar ragu for the main course. I also tried the filet and mussels. The meatball was very average and somewhat disappointing, but the wild boar ragu made up for that. The mussels didn't disappoint, and the filet was also pretty good. However, the prices were a bit on the high end for Italian food, and the portions were somewhat small. 
SERVICE: 4/5
We were seated very quickly and overall everyone was very attentive. It was a bit difficult to get the waiter's attention when we wanted to get a photo, but it might just be that it was too loud. 
AMBIANCE: 5/5
Not a bad place for group dinners or a 1 on 1 date. The restaurant is pretty small, but it was small enough where it felt cozy and comfortable.Tried this restaurant the other day and Yay! I'm a fan.  The decor is charming and the food is top notch.  I had the wild boar ragu and it was terrific.  We also tried one of their ovum pizzas which was creamy and delicious.  I would definitely go back.Perfect neighborhood byob restaurant. I used to live across the street so I really know this place well. It was always full each night and the whole simple decor and menu selections were great.  The place was renovating in '08 when I moved. Great to see that it's back!The Menu at Melagrano has expanded with more meat varieties, more fish dishes.
The mussels are as fantastic as ever; Every table around us was staring as they brought out our appetizer.
What a gem! Check out Melagrano if you get the chance and dont forget your own bottle of wine.Melograno can be summed up in two words - delightful & delicious. I've been wanting to come here for over a year now. Now that I finally got there I'm wondering what took me so long to get there & am making plans to go back. We started our meal with their grilled squid special with "potato salad" - which wasn't really the potato salad one would normally think of. The squid was perfectly cooked and the potatoes & onions that accompanied the squid were equally delicious. We tried the "smelt fries" - they were crisp & light - BETTER than what my mom used to make. By this time we wanted to
order another round of the appetizers. Our server recommended the Pappardelle Tartufate wild mushroom dish that was literally
out of this world & if i were home I probably have licked the plate. The atmosphere was pleasant. The servers were friendly &
knowledgeable. Love that it is BYOB.Excellent italian food. No mixed drinks,however, only wine. Tight on the seating arrangements but the food is well worth it. Had lunch, lovely.We have visited Melograno on multiple occasions since moving to Center City Phila. a little over a year ago.  Each visit has been spectacular;  service impeccable, food wonderful, specials always tremendous!  They are very accommodating, kind and pleasant.  The young lady that runs the dining room is named Ann,  I am not sure how to spell her name but she is absolutely the most pleasant, kind and professional dining room manager I have ever worked with.  She can handle a crowd!  She can deal with reservation issues, she can solve most anyones problems.   Just this past week 4 of us had reservations at Puccinni's Restarant on nearby Samson Street.  They were running 45 minutes to an hour late.  They have no room to accommodate their patrons and the owner was nasty, rude and could not handle the reservations he made.   We left after being treated like pigs in an pigpen and stopped by Melograno's.  Although they were extremely busy and very full, Ann found a way to calm us down and made arrangements for us to be seated in less then 15 minutes, while serving us our wine in their waiting area.  She was great, the food was fantastic, the service was perfect.  Melograno's salvaged the night.  I dont want to give them too many more accolades, then we will never get a chance to make a reservation, but they do deserve all the best in praise.....  fondly GaryI am pretty familiar with Italian food. I can tell you the chef here knows how to cook Italian dishes (from North to South).I just tried this place while in town for business. I thought it definitely lived up to the good reviews. Nice casual atmosphere with an attentive wait staff.
For my antipasti I overlooked the gnocchi, which is very difficult for me, and got the Calamari Inzimino at the suggestion of the waiter. This was a fantastic fresh, light, and seemingly healthy dish. Sauteed calamari and octopus, with cannellini beans, diced tomato & lemon sauce over over spinach. Surprisingly a stand out flavor and well balanced with the lemon. The calamari and octopus was tender and not overcooked at all.
For the main I went with one of their signatures, Pappardelle Al Ragú di Cinghiale. The wild boar ragu with this dish was light, not overly salty, and the meat tasted like it was prepared in a slow cooked stew.  The pappardelle was thin yet appropriately firm, and held the sauce well.Last night was my first visit to Melograno, a long-time neighborhood favorite (while in its old location) that I had simply never visited. I was with a group of ten, and we had a great experience at Melograno overall. 
The ambience of the new location is nice! Dim lighting and warm golds and browns of the decor makes it feel special, yet the openness of the new space makes it feel breathable and group-friendly. This location still boasts the Philly signature open-kitchen restaurant style, and it's fun to be able to see the chefs as they cook and place the hot dishes out on the counter before they are whisked away to each table. 
Our waitress was attentive and nice, though one of my pet-peeves is when servers list the specials and fail to note the price. We all know that specials are always more expensive... and if prices are listed for everything else on a menu, why is this piece of information always left out? As a diner, I want to know what I'm going to be paying for a dish instead of being surprised by a huge bill at the end. So, please, do all patrons all a favor and embrace the practice of informing us....
That said, we ordered the Antipasto Rustico, which was a generous platter of meats, cheeses, olives, and pates. The prosciutto was buttery and soft, the mozzarella fresh, and the grilled vegetables perfectly tender. We then also ordered the mussels, which came in a tomato garlic broth. These were also delicious, and the olive oil that was served earlier with the bread was absolutely neglected in favor of scooping up the tender garlic cloves and sweet diced tomatoes from the broth. 
As an entree, I ordered the Wild Boar Bolognese and my fiance the Quail Arrosto. The bolognese was well balanced, and the papardalle extremely fresh and tasty. I did not feel that the bolognese had enough boar in it, though, and secretly wished I had ordered the Mushroom papardalle that my neighbor sitting next to me was busy scarfing down (it smelled like nutty, savory heaven). The Quail entree was also disappointing. It was plated nicely, but I found the quail difficult to eat, a bit dry as there was not enough pomegranate glaze, and the stuffing inside an afterthought. The polenta it was served with was a baby scoop of dry, tasteless cornmeal. I want my polenta creamy and plentiful! This was certainly not the case, and I would not order this dish again. On the other hand, another of our dining companions got the Pork Chop entree, which was a huge portion of pork served over sweet and savory farro that was completely delightful. 
Other than the fact that I spent my dinner pining over the entree choices of the others in my group, I would return to Melograno... only I would order what they got! The fact that this restaurant is a BYOB is a major plus, as it would otherwise be a bit too pricey Italian for my taste. I recommend going here on a weekday night for crowd control.... Enjoy!This is hard, because the food was excellent but the service was poor. Even with a reservation we had to wait almost half an hour to be seated. Then there was a wait for our water, bread, and wine to be opened. Our waitress poured our champagne like a newb.  The snail and mushroom appetizer was amazing. The fresh pasta in the pasta with wild boar ragu was very satisfying. My veal entree was pretty good, though I was stuffed at that point. A mixed seafood plate had exceptional head on prawns.  Its also a little loud and cramped, but I would have minded less had I been seated and at least served some bread more promptly. Hungry people give less stars.My family and I were sadly disappointed with this restaurant.  Coming from Chicago, where we always get amazing Italian food, this place just doesn't cut it.  We don't mind paying $18-20 for tiny servings of homemade pasta, however, we expect the food to blow us away and Melograno's pasta was underwhelming.  The Polpette appetizer was just okay- my husband makes better meatballs.  We also had the Calamari Inzimino, which was very good, but the kitchen seemed to skimp on the calamari.  The Zuppetta di Mare was absolutely amazing.  The Pappardelle Tartufate was good, however, I wished for whole mushrooms and I did not like the walnuts (they tasted burnt).  The Ravioli di Patate was just okay and the Pappardelle Al RagA1 di Cinghiale was just a little better than that.  Lastly, our server was attentive and friendly.I had dinner there with my wife a few months ago we had reservations at 9pm, we waited for 45 minutes to sit down. I then wanted to order the Mussels but the girl said they were out. So my wife placed her order while I decided on something else. I ordered the steak well once again she said we ran out of steak, are you kidding me on a busy Sat night with at least 35 people still waiting to be seated you should not run out of Mussels and Steak! Never again. Place is to small and in no way should you wait 45 minutes when you have a reservation. I would not reccomend this place.Food: 4.5 Stars
The quality of ingredients at Melograno were excellent.  The variety of dishes to chose from was a little disappointing but once the meal began, all concerns with the lack of dishes to chose from vanished.  The mussels were well prepared and lightly seasoned with generous chunks of sauteed garlic cloves.  The Pappardelle Dishes were both wonderful.  The wild boar ragu was excellent and reminded me of my favorite dish at a wonderful Italian restaurant in San Diego; the scallop based dish was just as delicious with shrimp and scallops cooked to perfection.  Very impressive preparations and solid servings.
Service: 3.0 Stars
The server initially seemed standoffish and was not very welcoming but slowly warmed up, seemingly after she realized that we more serious restaurateurs (trust me, I don't openly consider myself a restaurateur, as much as I try to convince myself that I am one with my yelp critiques).  Ultimately, the service proved to be good and the experience was generally enjoyable.
Ambiance: 4.0 Stars
Melograno's ambiance was very classic as far as Italian genre restaurants.  The lighting was appropriate, the mood was romantic without getting overtly dim or solemnent with the lighting. In general, the restaurant was conducive to either a first date, a romantic date, or an evening out with your significant other.
Price: 4.0 Stars
The dishes were reasonably priced and in the mid to mid-upper range of comparable restaurants.  The restaurant is BYOB which is a huge bonus for any restaurant, particularly an Italian restaurant with delicious and pairable foods.  Very much worth the asking price.
Location: 4.0 Stars
Melograno is located northwest of Rittenhouse in a great location near other bars and restaurants.  We had tickets to a comedy show at Helium Comedy Club and the restaurant was located right across the street.  Optimal location for enjoying events in Center City.
Overall Impession/Miscellaneous: 4.0 Stars
The food at Melograno was delicious.  The menu could have offered more options but the quality of the food was excellent.  The atmosphere was classic but not extremely unique.  The service could use some improvement but the overall impression after leaving Melograno was very favorable.  We will definitely return to enjoy another dining experience at this restaurant.Hands down my favorite BYO in Philly, and the warm, intimate, but also energetic atmosphere makes it perfect for just two.  Melograno exudes care for their ingredients, preparation, and presentation, and they always, always deliver a fantastic meal.  Nice owners too, who are always around, and might even let you in a little past their last seating time if you're nice.  The wait can be a long one, but you can always just head over to Doobie's with your date for a few martinis while you wait (hahaha kidding don't do that... I love Doobie's, but oil and water don't mix.)  Seriously, though, there's a wait for a reason, and it's worth it... if it's super-long, they'll take your phone number and call you when the table is almost ready.  On the menu, the scallops are exceptional, and given the subtle creativity of the chef/co-owner, I tend towards the specials that can be a little more experimental.  One of my favorite Italian restaurants -- in any city.Outstanding. Flawless execution. Octopus was exceptionally tender. Pasta was done perfectly. Service was wonderful. Tiramisu filled me up and then a little. Really enjoyable.Good food, good service.  However, the ambience was poor, with two problems.  First, management is overbooking the restaurant, leading to a half-hour wait past our reservation time and a definite crowded feel in this small space.  Second, the acoustics are atrocious, with nothing to absorb the sound.  It detracts from my dining experience when, just to be heard, I'm yelling at the top of my lungs at the person across the table.  This problem is, of course, compounded by the overbooking.
Recommends:  chick pea and shrimp soup and wild boar ragu.I rarely give five stars, so this is a big deal!! I dined at Melograno with a friend recently, and loved our experience there. We were there around 6 pm on a Friday, and had no problem getting a table. 
I loved our food, which was thoughtfully prepared and delicious, I loved the space and ambience, the service was great, and the prices weren't too bad either! Overall, it was a fabulous experience, and I will certainly be back!Swimming among the Italian BYOBs in Center City, it's easy to get lost. After trying my share of pasta and wine joints, Melograno seems to deliver on all fronts: not impossible to get a table on a popular night, the atmosphere is romantic but not overly cramped, and the food is creative but accessible.
The artichoke app was roasted perfectly, but didn't sparkle, the mushroom pasta was abundant and delicious, the beef short rib and polenta was to die for, and the canolis and panna cotta were light and satisfying.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 5
Decor: 4
Service: 4
Wild card: Really good bread basketThe food and service at Melograno were great.  They open at 5:30 on Saturdays, and at 5:25, there were already people inside! Because we were early, they seated us with one person missing, but I hear that is not the norm.  It definitely filled up quickly.
Our server was friendly and good, though there were minor mistakes - automatically pouring the wine (not everyone was drinking), credit card slips in wrong jacket.  The decor is really pretty - we were seated right by the big chandelier.  
Food was great - my husband & I were still talking about it the next day.  Between four of us, two had the wild boar bolgnese, one had the mushroom app with the ravioli entree, and I had the ravioli special: cocoa ravioli filled with rabbit and topped with the brown butter sauce.  It was delicious.  Bread was also good, and you can't beat BYO.  I absolutely love the idea of BYO - it was the first restaurant I've been to that does that.
Why not 5 stars?  The foyer needs to be cleaned - I noticed spiderwebs (with spiders) in the corners.  My wine glass was dirty.  And one hostess was rude (though the first one was nice).We ended up at Melograno by accident! headed to Mercato but suddenly forgot the name.  We enjoyed our meal with our 12 year old daughter but the place is much too loud to hear across the table.   My husband loved his fried bread and cheese appetizer (a take on pizza turnover) and I enjoyed the pear carpaccio but the shaved pecorino was stingy.  I thought the wild boar bolognese was tasty but for a pasta dish a fairly small portion for the price.  My daughter liked but didnt love her spaghetti carbonara.  Hubby polished off the yummy lamb chop special with crispy potatoes and asparagus.  The bread was average as was the service. Not sure we'd go back because of the noisiness.Each time we've had a party of 10 or more.  And each time, Melgrano's has been extremely accommodating.  m not sure if I've ever had a bad dish at this place.  The staff is friendly, the food is heavenly, and the setting is comfortable.
Its like a big warm hug from your best friend.Went here with a group of six, my meal all payed for! Tried to get in to Porcini first but it was really busy, so we walked down the street and after a couple minutes we were down and eating.
First the bad: It's too loud for my taste, and along with that is a trendiness that I don't really find appealing, granted I don't think most people will have much of a problem with that.
The good: BYO! And that's especially nice to find in Rittenhouse area. The server was pretty patient with my party being kinda picky about food items. The food is all good, at least what I tried, I had the risotto, tried some of the pork ragu, and another dish that I remember I really liked. Honsetly I'm between three and four stars, but the noise pushes it a bit too much.I brought a work group to Melograno for dinner, and we had a wonderful experience. When I made the reservation, Anne at Melograno suggested a prix fixe menu, which was exactly what I was looking for. She was kind enough to email the menu to me in advance. We were a few minutes late, and the staff at Melograno was very accommodating. They were patient while we annoyingly switched back and forth between a round table and a rectangle table. Once we finally settled in, who seemed like a staff member's little daughter brought us all menus and said bon appetit, and she was adorable. The food itself is pretty straightforward, nothing too innovative, which is why I am giving 4-stars. My chicken liver pate was very flavorful, but it's presentation was a little bit overwhelming. It was smeared onto large slabs of bread. It was kind of too much for one person. My lamb ossobuco was very good, and also a really large portion. It was cooked to perfection and falling off the bone, just as it should. The best part of my meal was dessert - creme brule. Overall, the portions are very large, especially for fine-dining in center city. For $45/person, this was an exceptional value. The staff was great and next time I have a large party to take out, I will be back at Melograno.If you don't eat pig, this is not the place for you.  I don't eat pig, but there were a few options to choose from.  However, I was jealous of my friend's meals that looked utterly delicious! Prices were comparable to other BYOB's.  The quail was tender and delicious.  The one down-side is that they were small and not filling.  The waiter mentioned that I should also order a pasta dish, but I didn't want to buy two entrees.  
I've noticed sitting outside usually means slower service, and it was no exception at Melograno.  Our waiter was not only over worked, he was stressed and taking out his frustrations on us which took a while to adjust too.A good Italian BYOB, but hit or miss. The calamari appetizer was underwhelming, the pizza was pretty good, the wild mushroom papardelle was phenomenal. I'm not a pasta snob, but this is one of the few pasta dishes where I had to stop everything to just enjoy the texture.  I would probably go back.I had my birthday dinner here, a group of 8 of us. The restaurant was accommodating even though they had a packed house of reservations full of large parties that evening. 
I have a tomato allergy, so it's incredibly difficult for me to enjoy an Italian restaurant, as I want everything on the menu, but there are only about 5 things on a normal menu I can now eat. I was able to get a full three course meal without even a thought of having to worry about my allergy. I got the Insalata Melograno, and of course just asked them to hold the tomatoes, followed that up with my entree which was the Filetto al Pepe Verde, and something chocolate for dessert. I was so impressed with my meal, the service, the accommodations, everything. My favorite part though, BYOB. Who doesn't love an incredible meal with your own alcohol?The best restaurant in town!  We really like it and come pretty often-always had a great time. Both pasta and meat dishes are superb. They take reservation on weekdays but on weekends be sure either to come early or to be willing to wait up to an hour. Starters cost around 10$, pasta ~ 15$, meat 25$.Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I go there often and have never been disappointed. It's sometimes a little loud, but the food is to-die-for so it's well worth it (and the wait, which can be up to 2 hours on weekends). I always order the same thing (I know, boring, but I can't get enough) - porcini appetizer and black cod entree. I've also had the mushroom/truffle pasta which is a close second to the black cod. Add in the fact that it's a BYO and I highly recommend it!First, be careful with on-street parking. Although I paid at a kiosk, there was an obscure No Parking - Loading Zone sign. My penalty from the great City of Philadelphia: $51.00. Our Melagrano's waiter was great (Elind); the food only fair. Pasta dishes were pedestrian (I make better at home - always my yardstick for rating restaurants). My lamb dish was fatty and without much flavor (suspect it sat in watery juice too long). All in all, not a bad experience, saved by being with my lovely wife and daughter. Big Dave from Ambler, PA.Besides the insanely long waits on Friday and Saturday nights, Melograno is perfection defined.  If you haven't had the Papardelle Tartufate, you haven't lived.  I would go there if you haven't, because if you die tomorrow, you are totally f***ed because you will never try the single best pasta dish ever know to humankind (possibly alien-kind as well if any undocumented workers ever dine here).  Honestly there is no describing it.  
I have tried many of the other dishes too - the rigatoni with amatriciana sauce and pancetta (very satsifying), the cacio e pepe (didn't care for this one, too peppery, not enough other flavors), the various raviolis always covered in their divine brown butter and sage sauce, and the quail (very succulent, although I didn't care for their polenta).   The Melograno salad is always a great start to the meal with a light and refreshing dressing.  I also really enjoy the fried goat cheese and anchovy appetizer, which is a really dressed-up and grown-up version of one of my childhood favorites.  The ability to bring your own wine is great, and even though the wait is often long, they will take your cell phone number and call you when your table is ready, so you can go get drinks at a nearby bar (try Village Whiskey or Jolly's).  
If you haven't eaten here yet and you are reading this right now, stop.  Go now.My girlfriend and I came here for dinner. Our meal was underwhelming and overpriced. We got the following:
1. Beef brasaola (or something like that). This dish sounded promising. It was described as an aged beef carpaccio with beets. Although I found it refreshing, it was very bland.
2. Calamari with beans, tomatoes, and a touch of vinegar. Again, this dish was not terrible, but for the price, it left much to be desired. I think it would have been better served cold.
3. My girlfriend got the chicken with dill, kale, and potatoes. Nothing notable with this dish.
4. I got the wild mushroom pappardelle with truffle oil. This was certainly the highlight of the meal, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. As my gf said, you can't really go wrong with truffle oil.
As a whole, this meal was disappointing after seeing the great yelp reviews. It was expensive considering the quality of the meal and the fact that this place is a Byob. I was looking for some great Italian food, and I did not find it here. Go to Porcini next door...you will have a better experience.Every time I go back to Melograno, I remember why I like the place so much.  The service is always out of this world and they don't care if your large party stays for 4 hours, imbibing copious amounts of wine (if it's any consolation, the table next to us perched 2 large boxes of wine on their table - we weren't alone!)
The food is always great and in all the years I've been coming here, their menu has pretty much remained the same.  I like this because I can recommend dishes to friends and I also know what to expect.  However, some variation wouldn't be a bad thing.  They do have nightly specials, so if I don't feel like having an old favorite, I'll generally opt for the special.  
I'm all for trying new restaurants, but there's something to be said for Melograno, because I keep going back.I just took a friend out for his birthday.   The best things there were the bread and the waiter.  The food bland, at best, very heavy on the stomach, and extremely salty.  I only ate my dish because I was extremely hungry, and it was palatable.
I would not recommend this restaurant.The menu is small and rarely changes, there are just a couple things for vegetarians, the service is competent at best, and I miss the old, intimate dining room. But the pasta. The pasta is just way too good - tender, chewy, fresh and pretty much perfect. Their pumpkin ravioli is the first thing I think about when it starts to get cool in the fall.great dark atmosphere, food was great and not pricey, though farily modest proportions, nice to have a restaurant like this that's also byobI have been coming to melograno since my first run in phl and when tasked with planning our work holiday dinner I thought this would be a great place.
Yes, it's a bit on the pricey side. But the food is consistently good. The service is lovely. They're prompt and accommodating and even as my party got tipsier and louder they remained patient with us.
Their small plates are yum. I usually get a pasta but you usually can't go wrong with the specials--this last time was a melt in your mouth short rib. 
And of course, as a byo you can pair your meal with your beverage of choice. With a ton of other restaurant choices in the area I would not stand and wait hours... But I'll definitely be back.Joe and I ate here with a couple of friends.  We were wondering around Rittenhouse Sq looking for a place to eat dinner and saw that this place had some tables available. It is BYO, so bring your own wine ppl! Our group started off with the mussels appetizer cooked in white wine, garlic and tomato. This is a great dish to share with a big group of people.
We got an order of meatballs composed of beef, veal and pork combination with tomato sauce and pecorino cheese. This dish was a bit harder to share with the group. But flavor profile-wise, I would say I liked this dish better than the mussels.
This is one of the signature dishes for Melograno, consists of wild mushrooms, walnuts, truffle oil and pecorino cheese. It was delicious. I've been trying a lot of dishes lately that have added walnuts, like pasta and pizza. I like it! It adds a nice crunch to the dish and also adds to the earthy flavor of the mushroom. And I love anything with truffle oil and cheese, it's like my own personal kryptonite.
Joe had the smoked pork chop with creamy polenta and pomegranate reduction. He liked this dish a lot, but for the price they were asking for, not sure if we would return here. Especially with so much competition in this city for delicious Italian food like La Viola and Mercato.Went for Restaurant week
Really attentive service
Great food and presentation
Loved the Maitre D
Loved the salmon, the sardines, dessert
Nice musicI am suprimly sadened by their closing.
explination of events that led to closing: http://www.phillyblog.com/philly/center-city/61304-melograno-closing-july-27th.htmlReally disappointing experience. After seeing the menu online, I was pretty excited to try this place for our anniversary. We had reservations for 7pm on a Sunday. When we arrived we had to wait a few minutes for someone to actually come to the front of the restaurant and help us, even after a few staff members clearly noticed us standing up front. A little offputting, but not the end of the world.
We ordered the octopus and a special of the day salad, both of which were okay. We split the boar pappardelle for a first plate, and the pasta was overcooked and there was almost no boar in the dish. I got the bucatini for a main dish, and I didn't bother finishing. It was waaay to saucy (coming from someone who loves sauce) and the pasta was overcooked and goopy. Much like the pappardelle, there was almost no pancetta. 
As for the service, our waitress was very cold. Not bad service, but she was just awkward to interact with. Overall it was a pretty negative experience. Food wasn't awful, but for the price is was incredibly disappointing.Had an awesome birthday dinner here. Great lighting and perfect ambiance and Antonio our waiter made everything even better!! We loved everything we ate from the antipasta app to the mushroom tagliatelle and short ribs and beet ravioli to the creamy tiramisu. My sister found the squid ink risotto to be a little heavy though. All in all would highly recommend this byob!!Although I miss the old location, the new bigger location means getting a table on a Friday night is no longer an hour+ ordeal.  New menu additions are awesome and well executed.  Melograno is easily one of the top italian restaurants in Philly! And it's BYOB! YUM.Excellent food.  I have yet to have a bad course here on my 4 visits.  My only complaint is that the menu doesn't vary as much as it should.  If you go twice in 6 months, don't expect to find anything new and either to go for the specials or go for what you decided against the last time.  The positive thing is all the food is so good, this isn't the downer it could be.
Be prepared for a long wait, especially on Fridays but it is definitely worth it.  If you live nearby, you can drop in and they will ring you just before your table is ready so you don't have to hang around outside.  Likewise, if you don't live nearby, you can find a local bar and sit there until they are ready to go.
I highly recommend the Branzino, it is beautifully done.Love, love, love everything I get here...
Most recent visit was at the new digs... and tried Pappardelle Alle Olive... mmm...
My only request: bring back the cioppino, so I can sit and dip bread in that amazing broth..very pleased by my visit to Melograno.  Great service and great food.
Pappardelle Tartufate is a noodle dish with the perfect blend of mushrooms and truffle oil.  So delicious!Viva. The best Italian food I have ever had.  The combinations are magical.  I can't believe the tastes that are created and how unbelievable yummy they are.   The service is incredible to top it off.  
We came with a group of 10.  All were beyond satisfied.  
Perfecto!!!   Thanks so much!Excellent food. Great space and atmosphere. Love the BYOB's in PhiladelphiaI picked this restaurant for Valentine's Day and had very high expectations, as I chose it from several options. Although everything was fine here, for the prices I was decidedly unimpressed. The service was excellent, even for Rittenhouse, but that was the limit of my delight in this restaurant. Did I come on a bad night? It always gets such good reviews. That said, nothing was wrong with the meal. It was just so.... eh. Acceptable. And for the price and expectations where I'd normally give it a 3, I give it a 2. I could have made almost everything at home at LEAST as well.
Fried mozzarella- delicious sauce, but pretty standard.
Salad with seafood, tasted good but Ive had much better, not very balanced.
Boar and tomato sauce pappardelle- couldn't taste any boar-y-ness, could have been any meat, and I could have made a much better sauce.
Rabbit saddle- most interesting and tasty dish of the night, but undercooked and over salted (coming from me that must mean it is SALTY)
So, an eh experience for someone who likes to be wowed, especially when I decide to ball a little for Vday.Melograno is an amazing restaurant with an even more amazing staff!
We've eaten there twice now, and both times we've been incredibly impressed. The lamb has had us coming back for more each time.
The restaurant itself is cute and doesn't ever get too loud. The bathrooms are clean and well kept.
The staff here are great! Both times we've been here, they've been accommodating to our food allergy, and have been so friendly.Is it me, or are really good BYOBs becoming scarce?   As I consult my list of really kick-ass BYOBs in the city (that once prided itself on such BYOBS), there have been few that have stood the test of time and maintained impeccable service and food (thank god for HELM, but I digress).
Melograno is like any other run of the mill Italian BYOB. Not amazing, not bad. It's better than some, but nowhere near Monsu, Modo Mio or heck maybe Ulivo? I've said it time and time again, if you do Italian in this city, you better knock it out of the park, because there's competition a plenty.  The new location (and yes, I know it's not new, new - but the newer location) is lovely, airy and ample, but like any good BYOB, I like a smaller, cozier space. I love this stretch of Samson though, so it's better than the old space. The service is good, generic.  The menu is straight forward, without any surprise offerings. The food is not terribly memorable or inventive.Melograno is one of my favorite BYOBs in Philly. The food is always top notch. I love the pappardelle al ragu and my vegetarian bf always orders the pappardelle tartufate. Both dishes are amazing. The hostess is lovely and always greets me with a hug. I also love the fact that they are now on opentable so it is easy to make a reservation. Only negative is the restaurant can be a bit noisy. But if you are looking for great authentic Italian, I highly recommend.I'm rarely totally happy with anything.  And after searching for a parking spot this past Sunday night for over 25 minutes, I was expecting to continue my history.  However I loved it.  I really did.  The food was fabulous; the service was excellent; and the prices were surprisingly reasonable (and I'm known for cheap).  A little noisy, but not uncomfortably so.   And just great food.  Barbecued salmon, calamari and 4 large shrimp.  Perfect.  And my girlfriend, Joodles, felt the same about her dinner (which I also shared).  We shall return again soon, but will walk this time.BYOB is its only plus.  Food portions and quality have fallen, prices are higher and service is so-so. Once a favorite, now just average. Add $35 if you're parking a car in a nearby garage.A standout among Philly's Italian BYOB scene.
Melograno's interior is cute and cozy, but make no mistake -- this is a BYOB, neither quiet nor romantic in the strictly traditional sense. But if you can avoid being seated near the token table of aging single women with more bottles of barefoot moscato than entrees, you'll likely be pleased with the ambience.
The house bread is quite good, although I wish it were served warm. We started off our meal with polipo roasted octopus, served with paprika potatoes, bell pepper puree, and sliced celery. The octopus was among the best I've ever had -- tender, savory, and seasoned just enough to enhance the natural flavor of the meat. The texture of the potatoes created a nice contrast in between bites of octopus.
Next came along a pappardelle with boar ragú. The shredded boar was melt-in-your-mouth savory, almost like a fatty cut of pulled pork. The star of the show, however, was the house-made fresh pappardelle, SO tender and delicious! We also tried Melograno's shrimp risotto with fennel and goat cheese. The rice was creamy and light, but individual grains weren't as fluffy as I would have liked. The shrimp were incredibly fresh and served head-on. Their savory flavor permeated the rice, but simply overpowered the milder fennel and goat cheese.
For dessert, we chose a granny smith bread pudding. It came topped with salted caramel gelato -- a great way to round out our meal. The sweetness was nicely balanced by the tartness of the apples, and the warm cake paired wonderfully with the cool gelato. Overall, although Melograno falls short of perfection, the experience is a cut above other neighborhood options. Come with a larger group, and don't forget the wine!Came here last night for restaurant week - overall, it was pretty good. A few things were fine, but didn't blow me away, and a few things were pretty darn good! The meatballs, and reginae pinsa were good - not bad, but nothing to write home about. The Silva Pinsa was amazing! That is worth every penny - as is the pappardelle al ragu - wild boar pasta - SO good! Had this warm/homey/fall spice to it - can't put my finger on it, but it was amazing.  The service was great too - everyone there was so nice and helpful - and it's a BYO which is great!I like to think I have an objective perspective, combined with a relatively realistic expectation of the culinary craft.  From time to time I feel compelled to volunteer a scrutinizing eye in the spirit of either serving, or saving the public from similar experiences.  Today I am hoping to save.  Fellow Philadelphian Yelpers, save your time, money, and patience for a more deserving dining establishment than Melograno.  I tend to weight food, atmosphere and service, in that order.  
The menu at Melograno is ordinary at best.  The flavors and ingredient combinations read as tired and unoriginal, and I'm quite certain the Italian Sea Bass and Pan Seared Tuna that myself and my date ordered, were 75% prepared before our order ever made it to the kitchen ( I know how long these dishes take to prepare). 
The atmosphere was fine, but nothing to write home about.  I will commend the exposed kitchen - I enjoy the transparency and honesty of an open kitchen layout.  No one expects any BYO to compete aesthetically with their higher priced and liquor licensed counterparts, but even a little effort would go a long way.  Melograno's ambiance is in-theme with their menu, ordinary at best.        
It was primetime on a busy Saturday night at a restaurant that does not take reservations, yet we were surprisingly seated within 20 minutes - the hostess was kind enough to call my cell while we waited with a glass of wine at Tinto.  The wait service, however, was abysmal.  My date and I were coming off a late lunch, and we planned on going out for drinks after, so we hoped to keep the meal somewhat light.  The waitress actually sneered at me when I ordered.  It took exactly three minutes for our entrees to be shoveled in front of us, from which time fourth we were indignantly ignored.  I actually cleared our plates after at least 10 minutes of shifting and jockeying for elbowroom - I had to set them on the empty table next to us.  
Yelpers, I have a hard time celebrating mediocrity.  For those of you who found Melograno to be a satisfying experience, I envy your optimism.  Nevertheless, I encourage you to branch out.  For those of you considering patronage, please consider my vote - Melograno is the lowest common denominator for BYO fine-dining in Philadelphia.  We can all do much better.Top notch BYOB in Philadelphia.  Varied menu, quality waitstaff, very good food.
Perfectly prepared salmon and asparagus were awesome.  A bevy of appetizers were high-lighted with the spinach dumplings.  Noise was an issue as were the crowded tables which were only a problem due to the hustle and bustle by the busy staff.Let me start off by saying that we host a large group dinner every year.  We typically go to a local BYO in the Rittenhouse area to keep the cost down.  Some places do large groups well, and others do not.  This year I hosted a group of 26 at Melograno for my husband's 50th birthday.  I could not complain about a single thing!  Erind, the manager, could not possibly have been more accommodating, especially since we had 2 more people than I told him.  He was the literally the best ... the best!  The food was excellent, and the service could not have been more attentive.  It was an extremely positive experience for all, especially for my husband who was celebrating his 50th!  For large groups most restaurants have a pre-fixe menu.  At Melograno, guests could order any three courses from the regular menu, and the cost was very reasonable.  The experience was so excellent that I'm sure Melograno will be a repeat for one of our next events.  I could not recommend this restaurant more highly for a large group.  Thank you, Erind and Melograno!Outstanding cuisine in a quaint setting. The food is spectacular and the service is   helpful, attentive, and candid. If you have the opportunity, request Antonio as your waiter... He is as outstanding as the restaurant!I was expecting a great meal as Philadelphia has a solid Italian restaurant base. Melograno doesn't live up to its peers as they offer bland flavoring, low quality olive oil and generally a poorly flavored meal. In reading the other yelp reviews, it appears there was a change in mid 2015 that precipitated a slow decline and eventual death. 
This is a side note, but you can tell the care they put into their food based upon the care they put into trying to read the menu online: http://www.melogranorestaurant.com/menu-2
I would suggest a chain restaurant over this location. BYOB and service were the only saving grace, but no, not really.  Go spend your money around the corner.An old favorite with great pasta dishes - mushroom pappardelle and wild boar pappardelle are standouts.  Bring a bottle of red and enjoy the bread basket (but you often have to ask for it). The space on Sansom street is bigger than its old Spruce St. location (when you couldn't get a table) but it's a little less cozy and unique-looking than it was there. Melograno has more competition in the byob arena in recent years - since the service is sometimes variable I'm giving it 3 (and 1/2) stars.Food is amazing, and the ambiance is great. The cheese plate is a bit low rent, but the mussels and octopus are staples.
If you're going to helium, then this is the perfect place.  Just tell the waiter - food flies out!
Want 5 stars? Carry some gluten free pasta. It's 2016, half the world can't eat gluten. You're not too cool.The Spaghetti alla Carbonara is the best pasta dish I've ever had.
I like simple, but delicious, things, and this dish is to die for. From the menu: "Pasta tossed in a sheared egg, crispy pancetta, cracked black pepper & Parmigiano." The sauce is delicious, and the perfect amount of it is tossed on the pasta. The cracked black pepper on top is the perfect complement to the cheese and egg. And the pancetta isn't heavy-handed, just dices of it in the sauce itself to add great flavor.
Try it!Came here with a group on a Friday - yay for BYOB! The bread was probably the best part, and it wasn't even warm. I ordered the wild boar pappardelle, which was very meh. The pasta was a bit overcooked and actually clumped together. My friend who ordered the mushroom pappardelle didn't even bother to finish it. The calamari was decent. Heard the salmon and lamb were also decent. 
The ambiance is cute, but it gets super loud. It was often difficult to hear the person sitting right next to you. Service was fine.This restaurant had been highly recommended as a great BYOB with amazing food so my group was excited to try it out for dinner. The first disappointment of the night was the bread. It came with plain oil that had no flavor to it whatsoever (a preview of things to come). A little Parmesan cheese, crushed peppers or garlic would have made a world of difference. 
For appetizers we ordered the meatballs and grilled squid. The meatballs ended up being the highlight of the meal (unfortunately there were only two!). They were juicy and flavorful and the cream sauce that accompanied them added a nice, rich flavor to the meat. The squid was a different story. It was cooked perfectly but had absolutely no flavor. It tasted like we were eating straight rubber. Not terrible, but not tasty either.
For dinner we ordered the roasted lamb, pork chop and chicken. All three were disappointing. The lamb was a bad cut of meat with a lot of fat (only half of it was edible). there was no taste to it at all while chewing, but the aftertaste was terrible!  It literally tasted like old seafood. I had everyone else at the table taste it to make sure I wasn't crazy, and they all agreed. 
The pork chop was overcooked and bland. You had to drink water while chewing to be able to get it down. A little less time cooking and a couple spices could have easily turned the pork chop into a great meal, because it was a very large portion of meat. The chicken, while not overcooked, had the same problem as the pork chop. Very bland and lacking flavor.
The best part of the meal was our drinks, and we brought those with us.Not sure I consider myself a real-time "foodie" but my colleagues who are and I have hit almost every major place in Philly, this place is without a doubt in my top 3 in the city - maybe best Italian I had and I'm  N. Jersey/NYC guy so I'd like to think I can spot good Italian when it comes my way.
Been here 3 or 4 times, have stuck with the same stuff pretty much.  Appetizers - must have is the grilled octopus, amazingly tasty, also have gotten the pasta with truffles (main dish, but can split into 2 plates for an appetizer) each time I've been here.  This is probably the best pasta dish I've ever had, comes with some walnuts (I think) which adds a nice texture.  Main Course - have gotten the rabbit multiple times, perfectly prepared with proscioutto and a light cream sauce and some mashed potatoes.  Have also gotten the boar in rigatoni (great).
Cherry on top, BYOB.  Wait stafff is also VERY friendly and attentive.OMG the food is delicious! Possibly the best homemade pasta I've ever had!
Portions are smaller than I would have wanted especially before a run, but with an appetizer and bread, I felt satisfied!
Grab wine before you go and enjoy a fantastic evening!This place suffers from the same thing Village Whiskey does--sassy hostesses.  The hostess here acts very unhappy to see you and very exasperated that you want a seat.  The space is huge but it's always very busy.  And the acoustics are terrible so it gets very noisy very easily.  On nice days, there is some outdoor seating though I think dining on Sanosm St kinda sucks.
The food is quite good though.  Their mussels and pastas are yummy.  If I am in an extra good mood and willing to wait or put up with sassiness, I'll be back to this BYO.Substandard. 
We ordered the Mussels appetizer but had to send it back because of broken pieces of the shell. For entrees, we ordered: (1) paparadelle with the boar ragu which was fine; and (2) the risotto without the shrimp. Because I am vegetarian, I asked that the shrimp be substituted with some vegetable. I was told that although the chef wouldn't add a vegetable to the risotto, I could get a any vegetable separately. Accordingly, I ordered artichoke. Surprisingly, I was not only charged for the one tiny little artichoke stem that was brought out, but also, the waitress refused to charge me less for the rissotto although I had asked for the seafood to be left out. What's worse, she was gutsy enough to lecture us that one doesn't ask the chef to change his dish and/or not charge for what he didn't put on the plate "just like one doesn't ask an artist to change his painting".  Yet, the chef did exactly that - acquiesced when I asked to keep the seafood off my dish. 
Anyway, we ended with the cherry and almond panacotta. Without exaggerating, this is one of the worst desserts we have tried. It tasted medicinal. 
Do yourself a favor and try Monsu or Osteria instead.Worst customer service.  This was a place we were very excited to try for the first time based on yelp reviews.  We made a reservation for a large group of 12 people for a Friday night and were told there would be no problem accommodating our group.  Then 3 hours before reservation we get a phone call informing us that our party would likely not be sitting together, but we would still be required to do the limited pre fixe menu.  Are you kidding me?? Why were we not told this in advance and why were we given only 3 hours notice??? Why would we go to a restaurant with a group of people to sit separately??  Really disappointing because this was a night my fiancee planned for my birthday that was subsequently ruined....One of my faves that my fiance and I frequent rather often. Love the ambiance and dim lighting. The food is amazing. Every time they get it right. I actually find myself craving Sea Bass mid-week. Just the right amount of crisp to the skin, paired with a simple vegetable and couscous, yummmm. I had my birthday dinner here last year and yet again it was a hit! A little hard getting a lsat minute reservation but that is to be expexted as everyone shares the same good feelings about the food. Keep up the great work Melograno and thanks!!Had a great time here.
The Sunday night $35 menu is a really awesome deal. The snail crostini was the highlight of the night, but the calamari salad was awesome as well. The meatball appetizer was just alright.
The entrees... are surprisingly enormous for a nice italian place. The pork chop is delicious and absolutely enormous, and the papardelle was great too. I had the steak which was pretty good, but I would probably order something else next time.This place was just ok desert was over cooked and disgusting! Boar with pasta absolutely disgusting and over priced. Love Italian food and frequently travel to new restaurants in the city doesn't barter the price, this place just isn't good!would never come back!!I thought the food was excellent especially the desserts.  My only issues were that it was really really loud and the waitstaff seemed to be very very disorganized.  For a center city BYOB I think its a good option and worth a try but overall I wasnt overly impressed.Excellent food, excellent service.  Love that its BYOB.  Had the the pappardelle with truffle oil, others at the table had a lovely fresh fish and beet raviolis.  Will definitely be back!!The food was good. Decor, service and location were excellent.  
The sound level was deafening, however. 95 decibels constant (equivalent to a jackhammer at 50' or a subway train at 200') with occasional forays into 100 decibels (snowmobile, motorcycle - a level at which sustained exposure may result in hearing loss). Conversation was impossible.
I would return to this restaurant only if serious sound deadening measures were taken.Went here on 12/26/15 after a matinee at Forrest theatre. The ovum pizza was my favorite, but my husband and dad had the specials which they enjoyed! Loved that it was BYOB, and the open kitchen atmosphere and service was great. Can't wait to go again! Reading many Yelp reviews, we were worried about the noise. We did not experience this at all, it was very cozy and intimate in the back of the restaurant.I absolutely love this place. I went with a few of my co-workers for our holiday dinner and I was very satisfied. I am a huge fan of Italian food! And I've heard about this place a few times & coulddn't wait to try. 
It's nice, yet pretty casual. So you can be comfortable of dress up .... which ever you prefer. Also, if you're out dating or if you already have a special someone this is the perfect date spot! The food was prepared very nice, and the waitress was very friendly and gave us alot of details regarding the menu. 
I'd definitely go back, again and again.Solid as ever.  Recently had a duck ragu with mint and peas pasta special that was amazing and as always the truffle pappardelle is heaven.  
Little hint: order the side of artichoke...it is the full baby choke that used to be served with scallops on the menu...delicious.Summary:  Great food, inattentive servers, and a noise level that ruined any sense of pleasure for the evening.  I will not return.
I'll start by saying the food was excellent. The physical facility is beautiful.  And since it is a BYO restaurant, I could bring some really wonderful and appropriate bottles from my cellar.
But... The sound level inside the restaurant completely destroyed the meal.  The walls are hard, the ceiling is hard, the tables are hard, the giant glass window is hard, wonderful reflectors of every bit of noise in the room.  The total space is divided in half by a long wall, also increasing the noise.
It was DEAFENING!  My ears were clogged by the end of the meal, as if I had been to a rock concert.  You had to practically shout to be heard across your table.
Restaurants like higher sound levels as it makes it seem more "alive".  This was so far over the top -- the agony of the noise made it difficult to interact or appreciate the food.
The service was so-so.  Pleasant, knowledgeable, and completely inattentive.  We had to flag down one server (took several minutes) to get a second wine bottle opened.  He would not do it, it has to be done by "our" server, several more minutes.
I will not return to Melograno.  I cannot enjoy a a meal under these conditions.Terrific service!  The food was so delicious.  I  went with a friend during restaurant week. The salmon was so good and I especially liked the side of zucchini that that was so tasty! I  could almost say it was my favorite thing, which is unusual for me to enjoy a vegetable this much!  Definitely will return to this wonderful place!Came here for restaurant week, the food tasted alright but loved the service and thought the restaurant was so cute! I think it came with 5 courses, unfortunately my salmon tasted fishy and one of the pasta dishes tasted like it was made with canned sauce. My husbands dishes, lamb and octopus appetizer seemed to taste much better. The tiramisu was amazing though, and the portions are huge!i love this place!!!!!!! my fav is the pasta with truffles! so good!!!!!!! i've never really had to wait that long, but even if i did it would be woth it! i moved before the new location opened but i loved the old place. although it did get pretty hot in the summer months.We went there on a packed Saturday night, food was very good and the service was fine.  Some of the reviews I read faulted the service but we had no issues.  However it is incredibly loud, it was hard to hear the specials and out server was standing right next to me.  As long as you don't mind the noise it is worth checking out.I think I've taken my girlfriend here 3 or 4 times and every single time we go on and on about how great it is! The staff is super friendly and happy to be there. The vibe and ambience is great and the food is even better. Don't forget to BYOB and order the Cozze!!!!Two hungry carnivores set out across the "urban Jungle" in search of prey. Armed only with their wits, a credit card, and two bottles of wine, they maneuvered past familiar watering holes in search of the big kill. Setting their eyes on a lone empty table outside of Melograno, they pounced on the opportunity to eat at this fine BYOB. 
Driven by hunger and instinct, they skipped past the salad and went straight for the meat. They shared the first victim, Pappardelle Al Ragu di Cinghiale. 
Braised wild boar bolognese made with fresh tomatoes & rosemary finished with Parmigiano 
Devoured mercilessly, their was no evidence of the carnage. 
They next split up and took down their own meals. 
Roars of delight could be heard as the male devoured his perfectly cooked Sella di Coniglio Ripiena. 
Organic rabbit saddle stuffed with prosciutto & spinach finished in a delicate cream & white wine pan sauce served over potato puree.
The civilized diner would tell you about the great the service and so forth, but for our hunters, it was all about the meal. Returning to the den, they were both pleased and in need of a little sleep.Such a good BYOB Italian place in RIttenhouse. The feel is super homey and cozy. The waiter we had was very nice and attentive but not overbearing. I had pasta which you could tell was freshly made which i always appreciate. And my boyfriend had the chicken which was also very good. Juicy and not overly breaded. Good italian places are hard to find, this one was moderately priced for good quality food!I just took a friend out for his birthday.   The best things there were the bread and David, the friendly and helpful waiter.  If it weren't for him, and the fact that we were thanked on the way out, the restaurant would have received 1 star.
While the food was palatable, it was very heavy on the stomach, and extremely salty.   Not get graphic, but I spent the next 9 hours, or so, in the bathroom!
I would not recommend this restaurant.expensive---------poor service.  small portions. empty headed hostess who thinks she's a movie star.  loud.  chintzy decor. loud.On my second trip to Melograno, everything was delicious as I had hoped. Made a miserable rainy night much better!
I felt it necessary to write an update to mention how delicious the rustico platter is. Full of bread, meats, fresh cheese, and roasted vegetables. Everything was extremely flavorful and a great start to the meal. We shared the beet ravioli which was amazing. The beets added a really interesting sweet flavor to the pasta. We shared another seafood dish as well with calamari, shrimp, fish, and scallops. Fresh and light. Chocolate lava cake at the end of the meal was a slight disappointment, but didn't take away from the overall delicious meal.
Only complaint is the noise in this restaurant because they smush everyone in like sardines, be prepared to raise your voice to be heard.I'd been to Melograno once before and had a great experience, so when it came time to make a reservation for my birthday dinner I was very excited to return. I made a reservation for 8 for Saturday night at 7:30 using their online reservation system through Urbanspoon. 
But when we arrived at the restaurant on Saturday night, the reservation was missing. I didn't know what we were going to do as a party of 8 without reservations at 7:30 on a Saturday evening. Thankfully, the staff at Melograno really came through and saved the day. Though they were incredibly busy and did not have my reservation, they still managed to find a way to accommodate us with only a very short delay. 
We had an amazing dinner, the service was great, and the error with the reservation will definitely not prevent me from going back.My family and I went to this restaurant on Sunday night. after doing a little research on line...
According to the Philadelphia magazine, Melograno is one of the best 30  Italian restaurant in philly. well ! let me tell you that I will not return to that establishment. 
we made a reservation on line for 7;30 and arrive few minutes early, the place was quiet. the hottest was very  pleasant  and make us feel  welcome  and we like the décor. Our waitress give us  the impression that she did not want to be there, probably exhaust for the previous night "Saturday "..
Now about the food.
1 Calamari with cannellini bean was fresh and very tender 
2 Mussels little blend 
3 Snails on top a bruschetta with mushrooms was uneventful and dry
4  Zuppa di mare was to REDUCE and the seafood and calamari beyond CHEWING 
5 Risotto with gamberoni goat cheese and marsala, "a slap on the face"  I order that dish because I was curious about he choice of ingredients , it was EXTREMILY blend with over cook shrimp , could not taste the goat and the marsala . I agree about the chef doesn't have a good sense of what goes together.
We have few order dish not worth to talk about 
6 crème brulee with ginger,  someone  spend to much time with the torch, was a little burn and the custard to so  warm.
My impression is that we have to many chef's and not enough cook's.
Party of four,We spend 204.12 dollars including tips for a mediocre food and ok service.For a BYOB it has amazing food, fresh, tasty, and a busy festive atmosphere.   Come when it's not busy and it can be quite intimate and quiet but it always seems to be busy especially weekends and evenings.Ok, not great. We went on a Saturday evening with reservations and were seated within about 5 minutes. However, our little table seemed to have been set up as an afterthought since everything wobbled and we were the only table to have plain metal chairs--everyone else had nice wooden chairs with padded seats. There was a table of twelve right next to us, and our waiter seemed to have a little difficulty managing our service along with theirs. We had to ask twice for an ice bucket for white wine, and twice for someone to open a second bottle. The food was solidly good but not spectacular. And the noise level...We actually downloaded an app to see how loud it was because we almost walked out when we arrived due to the noise. Topped out at 89db and was generally 84-88. There are many better places in this city, and although restaurants are often loud, this was off the charts.The food here is mediocre, at best. But what's even worse, is the noise level. You can barely hear the person next to you, forget about anyone further away. We had the calamari appetizer which was almost flavorless, the cheese tray also nothing special, and ordered a sausage rigatoni to split between 6. The pasta was the best of the three. I had the salmon, which was fresh but also flavorless. My husband had the pork chop which was dry and not very tender. We will not be going back. One more thing, if you're driving to town on a Saturday night, you may find it hard to park, even in the lots in that area.Two stars might be bit of a generous rating.  Are the people who gave 5 stars smoking some of that philadelphia crack I hear about?  Now I've only dined there once, and definitely will not be going back, but the food was a complete turn off.  I ordered the black cod, usually a fairly easier fish to prepare but not your typical italian dish I admit, and it was completely over cooked and prepared in a sauce rich in oil and not complimenting the fish at all.  I barely ate half.  Our waiter was another bad spot.  Completely unprofessional and emotional.  Keep your shit at home broooooooooooooooooo!  Salad was good but not too adventurous.A great Italian place! BYOB is a plus. Great ambiance and good place for groups of people. I ordered pappardelle al ragu di cinghiale (Medici spiced braised wild boar ragu) which was flavorful without overpowering my palate. Our table shared calamari puttanesca and polpette(meatballs) and they were all delicious. I recommend it!At the table we had one bad dish (shrimp meal), one decent dish (quail) and one good (boar pasta dish). I have generously averaged that to four stars, though the guy who had the shrimp called it a two star meal. 
Summary: fine restaurant but stick to the pasta.In Philadelphia, restaurants need to bring their A-game 110% of the time. Melograno was ok I guess but I wouldn't go back. In their defense - the lamb was superb. Everything else was whatever.I will forever reminisce about this picturesque Italian restaurant in Philly.  This was always my go-to Italian place to take friends visiting town and to enjoy a lovely meal with my husband.  Every time the restaurant helped me prove that Philly was a great foodie city.I really used to love this place when it was new.  I think that popularity and notoriety gave birth to complacency because it's just not what it used to be.  The service is lacking.  I felt like I was bothering the hostess when I showed up and asked for a table.  The food has also declined in quality.  I think I'm going to give them one more shot but that's it.  I really want to like this place again because it was so great for so long.Very charming little restaurant near Rittenhouse Square.  We got there at 6:00 pm on a Thursday, and the place was empty - by 7:00 the place was full.
Had the calamari appetizer - VERY different, not fried, and in a mix with tomatoes, beans and a VERY good broth, all of which sort of overpowered the calamari.  We also split an artichoke heart which was perfectly tender and very flavorful.
I had the special pasta which was in some kind of pesto-lemon (?) sauce with grilled octopus.  Loved it and nearly licked the plate.  Carol had the shrimp pasta dish - not nearly so flavorful -neither the shrimp nor the pasta.  Might have gone five stars had she liked her food a bit more.
In any event, Melograno goes into the rotation, I think.  Nice ambiance, good food, and best of all  - BYOB!!!!  
P.S. (the one size fits all stemware was a little disappointing.  We brought a BIG Italian read; they had small generic wine glasses.  Thought that peculiar.)Food was good (not great), and a little on the small side. Antipasta was good size though.  Service was awful, and we were there on a Tuesday! No water refill. Took appetizer order, served appetizer, never came back for dinner order. And don't get chocolate cake dessert, 8.50 for a cupcake sized piece. Total rip. Won't go back, tons of better (in every way) Italian restaurants in philadelphia.I've been there enough times to know it's very loud in season. In late August, I reserved a table near the door for 5.30 when they open. It was nice and quiet and we could have a conversation. The food was outstanding. Excellent crispy sardine appetizer, beet salad, risotto, and branzino. The servers were exceptionally pleasant and helpful. The branzino portion was double the amount I could eat and I wanted to take home half of it. The busser forgot so  they made me a fresh portion to take home. I have never experienced that situation before and I thought they handled it very well. 
I would give this restaurant 5 stars except for the noise factor at a normal dinner time.Superb dining experience and the fixed price for Sunday was a pleasant surprise. Service was impeccable and very friendly. Pasta is really done al dente and the risotto was one of the best I've had. Will definitely go back!Amazing food. Everything we ordered was fantastic. Service was great too. Food took a bit of time although it was a busy Saturday night so no big deal. Atmosphere was lively in the packed restaurant. Only gripe would be no option to purchase drinks. And being pregnant I didn't bring wine so would've liked to have a soda/juice or something with my dinner. 
Great place!Melograno is a very good and authentic Italian restaurant run by an Italian (from Italy) and his partner.  Their focus seems to be on simple but quality ingredients served in a comfortable environment.  The kitchen seems to run on autopilot as it was a pleasure to observe the chefs create their dishes without rush or confusion.  The service is very good and the prices are a bit high but worth it because of the quality. Again, it's simple but made with a focus on the quality.  For example, we ordered the paccari (like rigatoni without ridges) with the arrabiata sauce.  Arrabiata is nothing more than fresh sauce with hot pepper flakes and therefore relatively easy to make.  Melograno's version was made with meaty tomatoes and the pasta itself was cooked perfectly and of high quality (as noted by the al dente and its ability to take up the sauce).  The dish was delicious and straightforward which seems to be the differentiator of Melograno and a welcome one.  Buon appetito!I'm still looking for a restaurant in Philly that beats Melograno. With the prices, it's a place reserved for special occasions, but the meals are always worth it.
I always end up ordering the walnut mushroom pasta, generally as an appetizer, just because it's so hard to pass up. Their fish is amazing - I love the perfectly tender cod.
It's noisy, but cozy. Good for 2-4 people - more than that and you won't be able to hear everyone at the table.The only thing you need to know... The "olive oil" came out and was totally flavorless. Pretty sure it was cut with vegetable oil. No flavor, uninspiring menu, cheaply made. Don't waste your money here. Philly has fantastic restaurants and this isn't one of them.TL;DR: Go if you live in Rittenhouse Square and are craving Italian, want to BYOB, and/or want to have dinner with a group of 6+ people. There are probably better options if you are willing to wander or have a smaller group. 
Melograno is my go to Italian BYOB to satisfy my infrequent Italian food cravings. It's good enough that you don't wonder if you've been robbed for the value, but it's also not great enough to rave to friends and family about it. 
I go to Melograno under the following conditions:
- We want to get Italian food but don't want to leave the Rittenhouse Square bubble
- We want to have a nice BYOB dinner
- We have a group of 6+ people that enjoy good food
Food highlights:
- The mussels!!
- Any pasta dish
The two times I've come, I have felt satisfied with my meal but didn't feel like it was something that I would recommend to anyone looking for the best Italian food in Philly. It certainly hits the spot with its delicious pasta - I had the gnocchi the first time I went, and now the pappardelle with the ragu, and I was happy and full both times. The biggest selling point for me is the proximity to my friends and me, who live in Rittenhouse, and their ability to handle larger groups of people. Both times, I've seen large groups of 10+ people at the large table, and it seemed like a good time.I took my parents here for their anniversary dinner and it was a bit of a disappointment. The service was good and we were seated immediately when we arrived to the restaurant. My parents and I ordered some pasta dishes and a salad and were underwhelmed. I though the dishes could have been hotter since they were served at room temperature and the portion sizes were small compared to how much we were paying for them.We came here on a Friday during early evening.  I got there first, so I walked in and stood behind a couple who had just arrived and were in the middle of being seated.  I waited patiently while the hostess sat the couple.  In the meantime, another couple came in behind me.  Immediately, someone came up and asked if he could help seat them.  Then, the hostess came back and asked them if she could help them.  At that point, I was starting to get peeved.  The hostess saw me walk in, saw me waited, and totally ignored me.  Absolutely an abysmal way to treat guests. I interjected and asked for a table. Her immediate response was whether I was expecting the entire party soon - I lied and said yes so she would seat me.  I lied because there was no reason she shouldn't seat me given that there were many tables open and no one else in queue, and also because I was already annoyed with her customer service. Just one last mention of service quality here - we were interrupted several times by the waiter in mid-conversation.  My experiences at other restaurants have been that waiters/waitresses arrive at the table, wait a second or two for the table to turn its attention to him/her, and then begin.  Here, the guy arrived and just started talking.
So, to the food.  We split the Polpette - for ten bucks we got two meatballs made with pork, veal, and beef topped wtih tomato sauce and pecorino cheese.  A bit pricey at $5 per meatball, but...actually, no buts.  We also shared a plate of fried fish.  I can't remember the name of the dish, but it wasn't that memorable anyway.
For my main dish, I had the Cotoletta alla Senese - a fried chicken breast topped with several slices of prosciutto, arugula, tomatoes, and mozzarella.  The chicken was good, but then again, it's hard to mess up fried chicken.  However, it wasn't anything to write home about either.
Finally, for dessert, we had the Panna Cotta topped with berries.  The panna cotta is about 2.5 inches in diameter, but came out on a 12 inch diameter plate.  That was a bit absurd.  All it did was drew my attention to how little food we got.  At least it tasted good!
So, bad service, OK food.  You decide.Great food, tried almost everything in their Sunday pre fixe menu and it was all deliciousNice BYOB. Had the cozze (mussels in white wine and garlic) appetizer to start. Pretty awesome. Make sure you ask for extra bread for dipping. Had the gamberoni (grilled shrimp) as my entree. It was ok. Shrimp were tasty and the polenta was good but not much to the dish. I would come back and try a pasta dish next time.FRESH pasta with great prices! Don't miss the artichoke. A hair noisy but it's well worth it. You can whisper at home. Get there!After waiting 45 minutes after our scheduled reservation, the waitress took another 25 minutes to acknowledge our table after asking 3 busboys for a corkscrew. To add to this miserable experience, she poured our  very expensive wine into a chipped decanter and had difficulty finding fresh glasses. Food was mediocre at best and after all the reviews we used to make our dining venue selection, it was extremely disappointing. Service and the noise levels are the primary cause for never returning.We heard good things about this place so we celebrated husband's and friend's birthdays here. We liked it here! Louis was our server, and he was really cute, sweet and thoughtful- someone you'd want as a friend. Food was excellent. Grilled octopus was tender, flavorful and delicious (portion is small though just to warn you). The mussels were also lovely- white sauce with lots of garlic. We probably ate 7 baskets of bread because of the delectable broth. Pappardelle Tartufate... had to order it because so many yelpers raved about it. They did not disappoint. Absolutely amazing. I will dream about it tonight. Ginger creme brûlée and tiramisu were both really good and was a great way to end the lovely meal. Will definitely come back for special date nights!Went there last night. Make a reservation!!! We made one on Urbanspoon and got seated right away. I saw others waiting at least 30 minutes. This was around 9pm. We started with the Rustico, which is a veggie, meats, and crostini platter. It was awesome. Great value on that appetizer, huge assortment of those items, well worth the $18. Then we each got a pasta dish. Tasted very fresh, homemade. I got the papardelle with wild boar ragu, it was delicious. My wife got the papardelle with fresh mushrooms which was also delicious. This is a BYOB which cuts down on the bill. Great service. Great tight little atmosphere in there. All around no complaints.This place is fantastic. I have been going to Melograno since before the move and it has never let me down (except for the whole move thing...)  And while the fact that it was BYO brought me to the door, the food keeps me coming back over and over again. 
I frequently get the Penne (spicy red sauce with pancetta) which has never failed me.  The other big winners have always been the papperdelle with truffle infused mushroom sauce and the beet ravioli (which a friend describes as "unique to the world").  
And sure. Its hard to get in because they don't take reservations and you have to wait.  But the food is worth it, which is more than I can say for a LOT of restaurants I have waited longer to get a table at!  So get here early and bring a second bottle of wine (to drink on the street while your waiting for table). And eat the best byo italian in the city.A lovely BYOB serving fabulous Italian food!
Five-star starter: The Calamari Puttanesca--a grilled calamari stew with olives, capers, and a spicy tomato sauce--so delish.
Five-star main: La Pinsa Ovum--"pizza" topped with chorizo, caramelized onions, and mozzarella--so equally delish.
Lesson for the day: The translation of the written Italian word "melograno" into written English is "pomegranate."  So there.Great local BYO with a cozy ambiance, good food, and attentive service.  We came on a Tuesday night and it was packed, even at 9 pm.  I highly recommend getting the pre fixe, which comes with an appetizer, entree or pasta, and dessert.
Some menu highlights:
1. Roasted octopus: This was very tough and not my favorite although octopus is one of the hardest dishes to make, to be fair.
2. Beef and pork meatballs: Great and very flavorful and juicy.  Portion was generous too.
3. Roasted lamb shank: This was HUGE but juicy, tender, and flavorful.  It's served on a bed of polenta and spinach, which is great for absorbing the jus.  Definitely a must-try.  The taste of lamb was also not very noticeable so you will like it even if you are not a huge lamb fan.
4. Roasted halibut fillet: Decent but didn't really stand out.
5. Spaghetti: Solid with a robust tomato sauce.  
6. Parmesan truffle fries: AMAZING!  Crispy and savory.  Must-try!
7. Dark chocolate lava cake with vanilla gelato: Very good and rich.
8. Granny Smith apple bread pudding with gelato: Amazing.  The pudding is creamy and paired perfectly with the gelato.
9. Panna cotta: The tried-and-true classic.  This is a staple and it didn't disappoint.
The bread was pretty meh and it is served with plain EVOO rather than butter.  The restaurant itself was very hot today and stuffy so try to go on a semi-less humid day as they tend to leave the windows open until October.  Overall a great BYO with fantastic entrees and desserts!My friends & I were the annoying last table lingering on Sunday night.  Despite this fact, our server was cheerful and friendly. I started out with the grilled calamari, split with a friend.  I wish I had the whole thing to myself. It was a very small portion of the most tender squid I've ever had - not even remotely rubbery or chewy. It was served on a bed of eggplant marmalade and green beans - I was not a fan of this. I then had the ravioli with pumpkin and marscapone.  It was delicious, but I was jealous of my friend's paperadelle with mushrooms. For dessert I had the vanilla panna cotta with fresh berries.  It was quite tasty, but again I experienced food envy when I tasted my friend's tiramisu.
Oh and on this particular night, we were treated to dinner AND a show! A chick in her 20's was being publicly groped by her MUCH older boyfriend (? or husband). I'm talking nursing home aged. This grandpa-lookin' dude was all over his young prize. People watching at it's finest!Another fabulous neighborhood BYOB- why doesn't DC have this?! Great atmosphere, reliable food, and walkable to rittenhouse, Melograno is comfortable italian food without too much fuss.  
downside of being a cute neigborhood BYO near rittenhouse? having to wait for a table...be sure to call ahead as this cozy restaurant fills up fast!Criteria for B-day dinner: BYO, casual, and close to home. Melograno met all 3 criteria so we strolled on over on a nice fall evening.  For a Thursday night the place was DEAD. The restaurant can probably hold 70- 80 people and there was only 1 other table occupied in the restaurant. I instantly became nervous but the sweet server helped calm my nerves with her friendly demeanor and knowledge of the menu.  We ordered a pasta dish to share and two entrees and were not surprised when the food came out quickly.  The pasta was excellent and I particularly liked the cream sauce balanced with pancetta and assorted cooked greens (spinach, kale, etc).   My chicken entree was bland and boring but my boyfriend's filet mignon dish was pretty tasty, especially his creamy polenta.  
Overall we had a good time but didn't LOVE this place. It was pricey for the small portions we got and nothing really stood out except maybe the pasta dish.  If I came back I would only order pasta.Years later, still so much sass!  From the second you walk in and ask for a table, she is just angry at you!  We even tried calling beforehand and they refuse time and time again to give you anything but a confusing and vague answer.  Several times before, my party will just go elsewhere but we decided to put up with the 45 min wait at 9pm.  The food was subpar, both pappardelle dishes & scallops w/ polenta were all flavorless but the mussels were good (although the broth was overly salty).  The ciabatta was good but I don't think the olive oil was extra virgin.  The server was amazing though.  Also, Danny Devito was there with his wife, Rhea Pearlman!  Too bad I'll never come back.HORRIBLE SERVICE!
A bunch of my old college peers and I wanted to go to a BYOB in the city and thought Melograno would be a great choice, but boy were we wrong.  There were eight of us and we couldn't make reservations for a Saturday...which is fine.  I got there about an hour early to ask to put my name and party on the list and the hostess gave me a hard time.  When it was finally time to sit, we had 7 out of our 8 and she gave us attitude about it.  Reluctantly, she sat us down and then our waiter came.  I've been to many, many restaurants, and this was probably one of the rudest waiters I have ever experienced.  He never smiled nor asked us how we were doing, or anything.  It took him forever to bring out the bread and olive oil, and he even talked about two people in our party behind their back to us when they went to the bathroom.
However, I'll admit that the food at Melograno is delicious, but the service is probably one of the worst in Philadelphia.  Right from the gecko, the hostess was rude, and all the way down to our waiter.  It just put us in a bad mood when we were trying to enjoy a fun evening out.  If you're looking for Italian BYOBs, I would suggest going to another, to save yourself the headache.Italian BYOBs in Philly always seem to just miss the mark on being amazing.  
All of the food here was good (we ordered a lot of it!), but nothing really made me say wow.  I had the pears for my app and they were yummy but I think there was just too much of it.  They could have done something a little more interesting I think.  The fried mozzarella was also really good, definitely a comfort food.  I had the chicken with prosciutto, mozzarella, basil etc and the chicken was juicy and crispy, I just wish there had been a little more prosciutto.  We got the chocolate cake for dessert and it was one of the highlights.  So moist and warm and gooey :)  YUM.  
The service was good but the wait was a bit much.Went here based on reviews from other yelp-ers.  
Okay, I'm vegetarian so that limited my choices a bit but the pasta I got was floating in an oily tomato sauce (arribiata).  Not so good as I've had better.
More importantly, the place was LOUD... for some reason, this place carries a lot of noise and it was really hard to hold a conversation.
I would head down the street to Porcini's instead.I would recommend this for a date night. I have been here with a larger party and with smaller ones and it can get pretty noisy in here so I would suggest a smaller party. 
Although the prices are not incredibly cheap, they are completely reasonable when taking into account that you will not be paying for alcohol. They are BYOB and have no cork fee. I have had quite a few things on their menu but I would definitely recommend the rustico appetizer which has some delicious cured meats, cheeses, and grilled vegetables. The wild boar pasta is also incredibly delicious! 
I have come here on a date and ordered an appetizer and two pastas and we were both very satiated. Will definitely return!
I would definitely recommend a reservation on a weekend night.I'm 64 not a foodie but the four and five stars for melograno  must come from kids raised at mcdonalds. The food is awful. Don't trust me....eat there, pay $96.00 and you'll know. My question is why anyone over 40 goes back twice. Very loud.Love this place - stinks they don't take reservations but it's worth the wait.  Great for tables of 2 or 8 and BYOB which is nice as well.
My husband loves the pumpkin ravioli when in season and I usually get the mushrom pasta but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  We also usually get the anit-pasta plate which is more than enough for 2 people and would be perfect for 4.We found flies in our food. And when we told the waiter they wouldn't let us speak to management. Awful experience. We took this picture as the waiter kept taking away our plates and telling us we'd got it wrong and that it wasn't flies it was sediment.Wanting to take my lady somewhere she's never been, I chose Melograno based on Yelp reviews and the fact that they are BYO. When we walked into the restaurant, we were both pretty surprised to find it empty on a Thursday night at 7:15. Our server immediately greeted us and went over the specials. She was great about answering all of our questions (i.e.: "What does this mean?" *point to super Italian word on menu*).
We took our servers recommendation and split a pasta entree for an appetizer. We were glad we did because it was tasty. It had just the right amount of cream sauce and other ingredients to help the dish stay balanced and flavorful.
For our entrees we ordered the chicken and filet mignon.  The filet was great but not the best I've had in the city.  The chicken wasn't bad but it was overly simple and felt like something I could have made at home.
Overall I would give the service a 5 but the food and atmosphere were only a 3 or 4.  I would come back and try additional pasta dishes as I think this is what they best enjoy making and it shows.Quite possibly one 5 of my best meals ever.  I suggest going in a group, and sharing a bunch of meals.  Among 6 people, we got 5 apps, 6 entrees, and 4 desserts.
The best app was the wild mushroom bread pudding. The polpette were also excellent.
Best entree was the one I got - the cioppino. So much seafood, and the broth has some kick to it. Excellent.
All the pasta dishes were excellent. The wild boar ragu lives up to the hype. The waiter's recommendation, the slow-roasted lamb, was truly excellent. The waiter told us that the dish takes 3 days to prepare. ]
Best desserts were the molten chocolate cake (I'm biased towards chocolate) and the tiramisu.  
Love that this place is BYOB.Ok, I'm giving 5 stars because while my meal specifically was not the best, everything else and the overall dining experience was wonderful. 
I made the mistake of ordering the Risotto al Nero. It tasted wonderful, but I could NOT stop thinking about the fact that I was eating squid ink and it didn't help to look down to black risotto swimming in it! Yick! I have no idea why I ordered that knowing full well what to expect, I guess I was being adventurous. I mean- I do love octopus, but the ink is going a step too far for me. I was also very paranoid that it was going to make my mouth and teeth turn black so I was self conscious through dinner. I'm happy to report that it does NOT make your mouth or teeth turn black, so if you're on a date feel free to order and not feel self conscious. 
I'm looking forward to going back to Melagrano. The hazelnut gelato was fabulous!Went for restaurant week on a Friday. We were seated immediately and the waitress, Kristen,  was friendly and extremely competent. 
I had the meatballs for my app. They were good with the sauce but a little dry without. My boyfriend had prosciutto with arugula and cheese which was also good.
The wild boar ragout was amazing! Loved it! My boyfriend's steak was just ok. He said it didn't have a lot of flavor besides the sauce.
Dessert was the chocolate cake. Tasted like a yummy brownie. 
Overall it was ok but not too special.The pork chop and risotto were great. The portions were generous and the serving staff were efficient and attentive. My only small complaint was the noise level which made across table conversation difficult.I really enjoyed my dining experience at Melograno. 
The place is cozy with friendly service; great location; BYOB - didn't have time to grab a bottle of wine since we were trying to make it on time but they allowed us to go out and grab one -  still saved our table near the window.
We had:::
Antipasto Rustico - A platter of assorted seasonal crostini, salami Prosciutto di Parma, olives, fresh mozzarella,grilled & pickled vegetables.
Pappardelle Al Ragu di Cinghiale - wild boar bolognese
Pescespada con Caponatina di Melanzane - grilled Atlantic swordfish
The platter was amazing - big portion and delicious! They all went well with our wine. My favorite was mozzarella, grilled zucchini (with balsamic vineg.) and pickled vegetable. We were getting full just with this platter. Dangerous one!
I had the bolognese and I loved the pasta noodle - really wide & flat. I wish i smelled/tasted less of wild boar since it was pretty strong, but it was meaty and good.  I had a swordfish before but this one was exceptional. The fillet was served over an eggplant, capers, pine nuts, tomatoes & olive Caponata - all blended very nicely. 
Perfect date spot. Also perfect for wine & chill-night with friends. 
Definitely recommended!their service was very nice. i went there with my bf,  and we shared a pasta as we were not that much hungry. we did not say anything, but they served pasta in two separate plates! i wish i was more hungry, and could have tried some other dishes too.I know this place probably doesn't need another glowing review, but I just had to share my experience. My friend had a really bad day, administrative problems and a cancelled flight. Remembering all the good reviews of Melograno, I took him here. This was Tues evening, and we snagged the last table. His face literally lit up the minute he put the pasta in his mouth. He ordered some mushroom pasta (forgot the name...), I had the wild boar parpadelle. The pasta was cooked to perfection, and the sauce was unbelievably good. Not your usual boring red/white sauces. We also shared a pistachio strawberry panna cotta, which was absolutely fantastic. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the price...while the food was very very good, it was just a tad overpriced. But if you love Italian food & dessert, run to Melagrano at once!Amazing! Great staff, great food & a wonderful memory. I will definitely be back. They accommodated a party of 10 last minute with ease & friendliness. I was lucky enough to try 3 dishes. The breaded chicken with arugula, prosciutto, tomatoes, mozzarella & a dash of freshly cracked pepper was a happy harmony of texture & flavor. The breaded chicken had the perfect crunch and was finished with a light lemon sauce drizzle. I cleaned the plate.  I also tried the mussels that were done in a nicely spiced white wine sauce with dice tomato & garlic. The mussels were very good, and the broth was very drinkable. BUT, my favorite had to be the wild mushroom walnut truffle oil dish.  It was a beautifully pulsed mixture over what I believe was housemade wide pasta.  Now, I don't even like mushrooms (but I do really like truffle oil), and I plan on going back and ordering that, the lamb (that I heard melted your mouth) & probably the dumpling dish. All I know is that anything you order is probably going to be amazing! Thank you for a great night Melograno!my favorite byo! amazing food, totally reasonably priced. the amatriciana is so, so good i have to force myself to get anything else (i am determined to try everything on the menu). there's one waiter with a bit of an attitude but the service is all around good. they also don't take reservations on the weekends, but the wait is never too bad. still, it's worth it!Very bad management. Had a reservation at 7:30. 7:55 still not seated and not even told how long the wait will be. Once I spoke to the manager, he said that the table was finishing up (as their filled their glasses with wine). After I told him of our reservation he asked did you call or do open table and I said I did open table. Why does that matter? Don't take a reservation if you can't fulfill it! Haven't  been there in almost 10 years and won't go back ever again and will tell everyone I know not to go there.This isn't my favorite Italian place in the area (that's another place in Haddonfield, NJ check out my review), but it was definitely worth the night out here. I would come again. 
Everything we had here was very good. But the only thing that stood out was the panna cotta dessert. 
We had mussels and calamari for an appetizer. Both were very good.
Then the mushroom pasta, which was also very good. This is a dish I get whenever I see it on the menu. This wasn't the best of this dish I've had, but it was very good. I'd order it again. 
The filet was cooked perfect to order and the sauce was absolutely delicious. The salmon was cooked simple with herbs, but was also very good. 
The panna cotta was divine. The vanilla flavor was incredible. Unfortunately this simple, understated dessert stole the show.
Most importantly, service was spot on. Everyone was pleasant. 
Writing this review was difficult. Everything was very good, but nothing really stood out as extraordinary. 
My husband's in a wheelchair, so when it comes to finding a decent non-chain restaurant (especially in the city) that is wheelchair accessible, it is VERY difficult. Which is very frustrating to these two self-proclaimed foodies. So even though it wasn't extraordinary, it was still very good, and we'd certainly go back. 
BYOB!Have never had a bad meal here. Entrees are always deftly handled, with good attention to transparency of distinct flavors. The only drawbacks are the sometimes long wait for a table on weekends (no reservations) and the decibel level, which can mount to a disconcerting clamor with the tables so close to one another and no soft surfaces to dampen the noise. Nice, friendly service, though.Join family for dinner here last night.  First time for me but family has been in the past.  Very cute place, service was perfect..very attentive to all of us and other tables too.  Kitchen is very clean...my sister kept telling me how impressed she was with the kitchen...she is also in the food/ restaurant business.  
Food was just so-so for me.  We ordered a bunch of apps the best was the pizza... mushroom was delicious.  For the main meal I had the chicken which was over cooked and dry...I could only eat half.  Others at the table enjoyed there meal so maybe it was just me.  Other had steak, lamb and the salmon.... 2 other had the same chicken as me.
For me my major complaint is how loud this restaurant is.  The so-so food I am actually OK with because I was with family, but the acoustics was what did me in. There were 6 of us and we could not hear each other because it was so loud...I could only speak to the people right next to me.  I could not talk with the people across the table.  For me, I would not go back just because of how loud it is. 
I think one reason to go out with friends and family is to catch up and talk with each other, but if that is what your plan this is not your place.5 stars from my stomach, heart, mind, you name it. This restaurant made me love pappardelle and mushrooms, two things I didn't care for before coming here.
Order the Pappardelle Tartufate and bring your own wine for an unforgettable evening. Actually, in my case, I drank a little too much wine last time I went which made things a little hazy - except I remember fighting with my best friend over who would finish the Pappardelle. He still owes me that dish next time I'm in Philly.Food is really really good. And it's a BYOB. 
Staff is ok, space is TIGHT!This is one of my favorite BYOB italian restaurants in Philadelphia.  This place is great for large and small groups.  The service is excellent - especially both Belinda and Dave.  They are very knowledgeable and kind.  I have been coming to this place for years at it never disappoints.  It is always worth trying the specials on the menu but the pappardelle tartufate is my favorite.  The pizzas are good too to share as an appetizer.  This is a must try!great italian byo. The place is small so it can fill up fast.  make that reservation.It was our first time in Philly, and we had a nice dinner at Melograno on a Friday night in November. We were a party of 8. The restaurant has a nice romantic feel and the food was delicious. The restaurant is BYOB so you can bring your own wine. For the appetizers, we had the Cozze (sauteed mussels in a spicy white wine garlic sauce) and Calamari Puttanesca (in a spicy tomato sauce.) Both were excellent. For my entree, I had the Pappardelle Tartufate (wild mushroom, walnuts, truffle oil, pecorino toscano) and it was delicious. Everyone enjoyed their food. For dessert, I had the Granny Smith Apple Walnut Bread Pudding with Sea Salt Caramel Gelato. The service was great, the food was good, and we had a wonderful relaxing dinner in Philly. Our bill for the 8 of us was just under $300, not including tip.Fantastic BYO spot with great food and friendly and inspired service.  Hostess was extremely nice and welcoming.  Can't go wrong with any of their specials. Italian food with personality.  Will be back.Ate dinner at Melograno last night with husband and another couple. My husband and I were promptly seated even though our friends had not yet arrived. The food was excellent. We shared the Rustico antipasto platter and others tried the calamari and Bresaola. I ordered a special of the day which was baby cod. I love fresh fish and this dish was delicious-simply prepared with olive oil and garlic. I tasted my friend's pappardelle with wild mushrooms which was excellent. For dessert, we shared tiramsu and an almond panna cotta-both were wonderful. I love this restaurant. The atmosphere is lively and the service was attentive. My only complaint is that when it is full, it is quite noisy and a bit difficult to have a relaxed conversation.  But overall, I highly recommend Melograno as one of the best Italian restaurants in the city.My wife and I had enjoyed dining at the previous location at the NWC of 22nd and Spruce. We went to their new location on Sansom Street as a party of four and were all disappointed in both service and food. We were an inconvenience to our harried waitress who did not want to be there. The signature pappardelle (sic) dish was bland. Something went wrong there. The veal "breast" tasted like and had the texture of crockpot roast beef. I got sick to my stomach during the night. Overall, a complete waste of time and money. I will never go back.Enjoyed dinner here a few nights ago with Philly friends. A solid Italian place, and BYOB as I'm learning many of Philly's restaurants are.
Bread basket was generous, as many people have noted: white bread and a lightly herbed foccacia. For appetizers, we ordered the fried smelts (basically fried little fishes with a tartar-ish sauce = a more highbrow fish and chips), which was delicious, and one of the newer appetizers: mushroom bread pudding. Loved both, and highly recommend both. The bread pudding especially was a bit rich, but the mushrooms and buttery bread flavor complemented each other surprisingly well. 
For my entrée, I couldn't resist ordering the pappardelle with wild boar ragu. The wild boar was cut into small, manageable bites so wasn't as gamey as I expected, but the ragu was rich and flavorful, the pappardelle a little chewier than I expected. I liked my dish more than my boyfriend's: he ordered the pappardelle with truffle oil...it was a little too wet and rich for my taste. 
My friends ordered a breaded chicken with mozzarella, which was surprisingly moist (but I don't know that I would have been able to finish a huge slab of breaded chicken, but that's just me!), and another ordered what looked like a fisherman's stew.
Service was a little slow, but lovely atmosphere, with antique pasta makers and vespas evoking Italian country life.My doctor recommended this place to me, and since she and her husband are Italian-American, I couldn't refuse! 
A group of four of us went here. My big pet peeve is that we weren't seated because one person wasn't there yet (he was out getting a bottle of pinot noir). I mean, seriously? I would understand if it was a full restaurant, but we were the first people there (in fact, the door was still locked when we walked up). 
We started off with the octopus appetizer, which was pretty good. 
I totally forgot that the carne dishes don't come with pasta, so my dumb ass was craving carbs at the end of the meal. I got the grilled pork tenderloin with some kind of sweet sauce. My hubby and friends got pasta (a spicy one with pancetta and one with olives and shrimp). 
Overall, the food and service were good, but I was a little miffed at our not-so-warm welcome.The food here is undeniably  awesome.  The waitress seemed fun and had great energy, but you could also tell she was ready to get the hell out of there since we were her last table.
The grilled squid with eggplant marmalade was delicious.  There just wasn't enough of the perfectly cooked, melt-in-your-mouth squid.  It was not really an appetizer meant for sharing.  It was also over a bed of bland, blanched string beans that I didn't really care for.  The string bean's purpose was to buffer up the dish and give you less squid.  The pappardelle with wild mushrooms, roasted walnuts, and truffle oil was excellent.  The walnuts provided the perfect texture and crunch with the homemade pappardelle pasta.  
The unfortunate thing about this dining experience is that I promised my starving boyfriend I'd bring him back some pappardelle with wild boar.  I told the waitress at the start of dinner that I'd be ordering something to go.  She told me to remind her at the end of dinner, before we ordered dessert.  The only problem was, it took her FOREVER to take our dessert order.  She was sitting 2 tables away from us, busily counting out her tips and closing out the night.  We tried to get her attention and 2 of the other servers even tapped her on the shoulder, but she was just not even going to look over at us until she was done counting out her tips for the night.  As we were waiting, I saw the kitchen closing up.  When the waitress finally came over, I asked her about ordering the dish to go, she was like "oh, sorry the kitchen closed early."  Um, no the kitchen didn't close early.  You just waited until it closed to come over to take our order.
All in all, I'd definitely come back for the food, but I'd make sure I was getting dinner well before closing.I was in Philly for work for a few days. Here's where I ate:
Thursday: Il Portico, gross.
Friday: Maggiano's, almost gross.
Saturday: Melograno, awesome.
I can't remember ever going out to a non-Italian dinner in Philly, and this was the best by far. Great atmosphere, the food was delicious. I had the special, ravioli with a mix of ground chicken and sausage. So good. The antipasto plate with lots of sausages and prosciutto and cheese and stuff was great too. 
Melograno is legit. 5 stars.
Remember to bring your own booze.I had dinner with a close friend at Melograno on 9/13/13 what a wonderful experience.
The Antipasti Rustico was so enjoyable we really didn't need to order entrees but I am so glad we did. The staff was great and we really loved our server Catarina. She was very informed and had a great personality. She made the experience very worthwhile.I've heard good things about Melograno and I was super happy to try it for the first time with a friend visiting me from NY. She lives in Manhattan and have tried real good italian places already and agreed tha tMelograno was pretty darn amazing. On Sundays, they also have prefix menus. So we got one of those and another entree.
-Bread - 2types comes out. the one that looks like a pound cake almost was different and we both loved. 
Sunday prefix ($35)
-App-Calamari Inzimino. So soft cooked with the perfect cannellini beans, tomatoes over baby spinach. $12
-Entree-Pappardelle Tartufate. Omggg. I loved how the pappardelle was cooked so it wasn't too soft yet not too hard but just perfectly chewy. Mixed with gooey  mushroom and the spontaneous crunchiness from the walnuts you get in some bites. $18.
-Dessert- Tiramisu. One of the best fluffy tiramisus I had in center city. Not bready. Not too creamy or cheesy. Comes out slightly chilled in a silver bowl. Enough to share (Too much actually after all the good food, but cannot leave the place without finishing it).
-Entree2-Garganelli al Pesto di Erbe Aromatiche. Omggg. I actually liked this more (whereas my friend liked the entree above more). Flat pasta that are like curled inwards and makes it look like they are round thick noodles.The meat is chunky but so tender and gives the perfect saltiness to the dish. $18. 
BYOB. 
NOT Cash only. 
paid like $33ish each for so much food that melted in our mouths. I definitely recommend anyone to come with friends, families, bf/gf.This place never disappoints.  The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because the dining room is loud.  You have to shout to have a conversation with your dining companion(s).
More importantly, on to the food....it is consistently delicious.  Maybe because we get the same thing every time.  We usually start with the antipasta platter and the mussels, a savory way to start the meal.
On to the entrees...I tend to lean towards the Alle Olive Pappardelle, that has a light red sauce with shrimp and scallops.  My boyfriend recently got the Tuna dish and he ended up licking his plate clean.
We are usually so stuffed after the meal, we walk off dinner on our way to dessert.
P.S. Don't forget your wine bottles, since it is a BYOB.Excellent food and amazing service.  We visited malgrano to celebrate a birthday.  All the appetizers were great but i loved the cheese flan type one.  Unfortunately i don't remember the correct name.  I had the pork chop with polenta.  It was awesome.  The half roasted chicken was the hit of the table.          My FIL said the chocolate cake was outstanding.   My tiramisu was really good but wasn't mind blowing.   My only complaint is that it was very loud and hard to carry on a conversation.I had heard a lot of hype about this place and with so many other good Italian places in Philly, Im not sure why.
I was satisfied with my meal and left very stuffed, but nothing really wowed me.  My scallops in my appetizer were tough and the braised lamb shank I had was underseasoned.  (My friend's shank was perfect though).  The polenta had a jell-o like consistency.  The spiced chocolate lava cake was the highlight of the meal.
Their menu is pretty unoriginal and offers items you can find on many menus.  Nothing was awful, nothing was great.The girlfriend and I often visit Melograno. Reservations are easy to get and its a BYOB! I recommend the Pappardelle Tartufate (truffle based pasta), Pappardelle Al Ragu di Cinghiale (Boar Ragu), and Cotoletta alla Senese (breaded chicken breast). Everything comes out fresh and hot! Servers are super friendly and informative. Love this place!!!Good Italian BYOB!  Loved the atmosphere/ambiance and open kitchen style.  Our server was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu especially concerning food allergies.  We had the meat and cheese platter, risotto and striped bass special.  everything was fresh and delicious!  I would like to go back and try their pizza dishes.  All in all good stuff!Recently enjoyed a birthday dinner at Melograno.  BYOB which is always a plus.  The atmosphere is warm and cozy and the service is friendly and reasonably fast.  The food was mostly great, although a few items were not on par with the rest.  The pasta courses are not your typical primi sized pastas, they are full size dishes, so beware of that, as we ordered way too much food.  All of the pasta dishes we enjoyed were fabulous, especially the simple cacio e pepe and the truffled mushroom pappardelle.  My pork chop might have been the hit of the night, tasting as if it had been smoked and then baked in a maple syrup glaze (which was a pomegranate reduction). The breaded chicken with arugula was only so so, I would pass on that. Other friends enjoyed the seafood platter and the artichoke contorni. I would definitely return, perhaps for a casual pasta dinner and to share some wine with friends.My boyfriend and I went here for dinner this past Saturday. The food was incredible. The wait was less than expected (15 minutes and we didn't have a reservation). The service was great - our waiter was attentive but didn't linger, which I always like. Most importantly, the food was EXCELLENT. I ordered the sweet potato ravioli and my boyfriend got the salmon, both which came out at a decent temperature. I highly recommend going here.Apparently there is a trend in Philadelphia of corner Italian restaurants, complete with awesome food, cramped tables, and a BYOB/W policy. Melograno perfectly fits the bill for all three. I was almost denied my taste of this culinary delight, for when we showed up at the restaurant at 7:30, the hostess told us that there were no more tables available for the evening. After explaining to her that we were from out of town, she managed to fit us in for the final sitting.
I loved everything about my meal. That same hostess, Rose, went out of her way to make all the guests in the restaurants feel welcome at their home away from home. She did the same for us as well. The service was prompt, attentive, friendly, and professional. And the food...amazing. I tried the mushroom pasta, which was punctuated with a real tuscan earthy flavor. My own dish was a meaty monkfish in a red wine reduction sauce, complemented perfectly with chopped mushrooms and mashed potatoes. Dessert was a ricotta cake with berries, something resembling the texture of a souffle. And the prices! In NYC, all of this would be at least 5 dollars more...per entree!
All in all, a fantastic and memorable meal.We eat here a few times a year - live in the neighborhood but have about 100 other choices in the few blocks between us and them otherwise would be much more frequent.  The food is really outstanding, especially the homemade pasta dishes.  Service is great too, and BYO makes it great value for what you get, even if a few of the entrees are priced in the high side (but our 2 app 2 pasta 2 dessert dinner totaled $88).  Last night I strayed outside the usual standards like the boar ragu ... and had (you're not going to believe this) a cocoa pasta with goat and goat cheese ragu... NOT something I would make at home, and it was utterly delicious.  As were our appetizers and desserts- sambuca panna cotta YUM.  The only reason I sometimes hesitate to recommend this place is that the noise level inside is very high, making dinner conversation a challenge (and the vicious cycle of everyone in the large vaulted room raising their voice)... I wish they would put in some kind of sound absorbers.