If you're looking for a diner in south Philly to go to, check this place out. Very large menu with lots to choose from. Close to the stadiums for after a game. Homemade cakes and pies right on side, so those you should definitely try (especially the cheesecake). This is part of the Michael's diner group, so if you are familiar, you know what to expect.Big old MEH.
I went here late night and ordered the breakfast combo: two pancakes, two eggs, sausage, and bacon. Pretty standard diner fare, right? Welllll, the pancakes were nice and fluffy, and the eggs cooked well. The meat, however, was awful. The sausage could easily have been a year old, and the bacon wasn't even good.
Now, let me qualify that last sentence by saying I've never met a piece of bacon I didn't like. (Turkey bacon's a different story...) How do you mess up bacon?I received terrible customer service from the Melrose on March 2.  I've been there many times over the years, but lets face it, I only go there because its the only place open 24 hrs near my home.   I was there late having dinner with a male friend. The waiter kept coming by asking if we were ok. I said we were fine.  After they stared at us, came by 3-4 times I asked if there was a problem. Then they sent a manager (?) over who said we were taking up there table and asked us to leave. There were PLENTY of seats at the bar.  I was mad at the way they handled things. The whole restaurant stared at us like we were making trouble!  I've been there late many times over the years, never had a problem. I got upset but I apologized for being there so long. But I've never been asked to leave a restaurant unless they were closing.
I initially feared it was a racial issue, since I was there with a white male friend.  The lady at the front even 'jokingly' said, after I apologized,  'If you wanna stay somewhere all night, get a hotel'!  It's ok Melrose, you'll never get a dime from me again.Prior to dining here, I had heard wildly differing tales of its quality.  Some people love it, others list it as the single worst experience of their lives.  With such mixed reviews I was hesitant to try the Melrose.  However, it is within walking distance, and when a nice spring day and handsome company presented themselves (with a craving for scrapple), Melrose seemed like the best place for the job.
I am uncertain why their pancakes are yellow.  Do they put food coloring in to try to convince us that it's really buttermilk?  I have no idea, but since they were full of chocolate chips they were just fine.
It wasn't too crowded, it was clean, waitress was pleasant and attentive, and the food came and went quickly.  I don't think I'd come here late night, but for breakfast or lunch the Melrose Diner is a-ok.Came here for dinner one afternoon when visiting Philly and was by no means disappointed.
The food wasn't bad, no going wrong with a classic grilled cheese. Loved the atmosphere, was a cozy little hometown dinner, and the staff was super friendly.
Great spot to check out for an All American dining experience!Great old school South Philly Diner. Always get the Greek Omelette. Huge and delicious!Plenty of food
Delicious pork rib steak!!
Old fashioned
Coming back again
Good for Saturday morning brunchThe proper name of this place is the Melrose Diner & Bakery. Most everyone in town knows it as 'The Melrose.' What can you say... It's a diner. The food is decent, the services is all right. One of the thing the place is known for is the fact that the staff turn over is very low. I was in one time and was waited on by a lady who started there in 1972. That's the year I was born!
Don't expect nuthing fancy.Because the kitchen is not separated from the restaurant, you have to listen to all the kitchen noise as you eat, which is incredibly annoying. The chef kept yelling orders, and using dumb slang terms over and over that made no sense. "Omelette, One time." "french fries ALL DAY!" what the fuck is with that?  Service was crap, takes forever just to get a menu.
I'm a fan of greasy food and expect it, but the kind of diarrhea I got afterwords was worse than usual.Came here twice once during dinner hours and once later at night around midnight. The first time the meal was excellent the staff was slow. I had the chicken breast with spinach and white wine sauce it was excellent...large portions and good side of spaghetti...the chicken rice soup was average a little on the bland side...the mozzarella sticks came out horridly they were greasy and fried into one big ball of mozzarella stick I had to pull apart! Dessert was the true star tho fresh banana  cream pie with chunks of fresh banana and a golden baked pie crust still crunchy not soggy and a mound of fresh whipped cream! Also tried the buttercream cake it's so good! Moist fresh cake layers with clarity of fresh ingredients tasted in the forefront. Iceing compliments the flavored lightly as to not overpower it with sweetness! Excellent! The next time I had the cream of chicken soup which was delicious  and a Michael salad which was fresh. The buffalo chicken strips  were ok and really spicy. Again dessert was the shining star fresh chocolate cream pie ! The best! The waitress this time was older and more efficient very friendly!I've been to this diner and had good service many times before, however the past couple of times, the service has been terrible.  I went here with my son for dinner a few nights ago, hoping to have a nice dining experience.  Unfortunately, the staff was rude and the food was not very good.  Overall, it was a disappointing experience.Although I have never seen Scrapple under the blinding sober light of day (might make me second think my love for it), it appears to be a magical substance sent down from heaven as the perfect topping on a night of fun.  It is grey pork matter, thinly sliced, and fried to a crisp - and no place serves it better than the Melrose Diner.  The Melrose is a classic/typical east coast diner offering big plates of greasy comfort food.  BUT IF ITS SCRAPPLE YOU WANT, THIS IS "THE" PLACE!I hate it when a Philadelphia institution isn't what it used to be, and this place definitely isn't what it used to be.  The menu has changed completely, and no longer has the dish I used to love.  If I can't get a chicken cutlet with brown gravy, corn, and mashed potatoes anymore, that's a sad thing.  The only thing I will come back here for is a slice of buttercream cake, which has thankfully never changed, and some cookies to go.this is a destination diner!! i love how historic it is!! be prepared to share a booth, or sit at the counter. its part of the experience. very nice staff and good food!!!The thing about Melrose is, along with most other diners, you gotta take it with a grain of salt.  Once you've figured that out, there are a few surprises:
-The French toast: It's the bomb.  Try it for yourself.  You will not be disappointed.
-The turkey burger:  Strangely delicious, and wait for it: homemade!  I've been to restaurants of supposed better caliber, and been served frozen turkey burgers, so I was pleased.
The Melrose won't change your life.  The service can be spotty at busier times.  But it's a diner in the heart of South Philly, and the clientele is a great cross-section of the 'hood (which equals a great people-watching and eavesdropping experience, if you're so inclined).Went here several times for late dinner I'm not impressed by the quality of the food.
Ordered a medium rate steak, they sent me well done watery steak. It seems like they don't rest the steak with the juice after they cook it but rather just dump all the juice when the steak is warm and ready to serve.
I ordered a spaghetti and meatball for take out. It's only around $10 but the portion they serve is too much for me. I'm 160lb 5.5' a bit weight there but I'm not obese by any means. The spaghetti and meatball they serve is enough for one day meal. And the spaghetti was a bit under for me.
Great service, great price, great cookies, but the food quality isn't there. 
Cheap diner, I wish they pay a little more attention to the food quality.
3 stars for great service.just gotta say that i LOVE the yuppie swine who rate this diner low writing a review of the MELROSE DINER on Yelp. does it really need a review? 24-hour diner with decent food, decent service and decent people. what more do you fuckin want?
seriously, some people on here review it like it's a motherfucking Stephen Starr restaurant. get off your high horse and have an omelette.You want to charge higher rates than a normal diner? Fine, go ahead. But I'm going to expect more.  Usually I'm pretty forgiving when it comes to diners. I don't think anyone goes expecting quality. We go for convenience, comfort, and quantity. I've been to Melrose once before, extremely hungover recovering from a battle with Patron. From what I remember, the food was good. 
Coming here at a 3pm on a Saturday stone cold sober is a different story. The waitress was nice, but not enough to make up for the food. As soon as Dining Partner and I sat down we knew we'd made a terrible mistake. Dining Partner scrounged up the courage to order the blueberry pie while I consumed the sorriest cheeseburger I've ever seen. The lettuce was almost clear white, the burger patty looked as if it had been frozen for years. The waitress came over to make sure we liked our food, I managed a closed mouth smile and a head nod. Dining Partner scolded me and I promptly added that lie to my Confession list. Being that there is always a bright side-the fries were crispy, the bun was toasted, and I didn't get sick from consuming the meal. Bottom line: there are much better diners in South Philly than Melrose.My 2nd time at the restaurant. Service is really good. Food is really good whether it's breakfast, lunch, or dinner. A nice cool place to hang out. The prices are usually good.I usually go by this restaurant about once every week or two. But this time was horrible. I went on Thursday February 16th. I went at about midnight and as soon as I got done checking out a guy and girl ran passed me and almost knocked me down. But I went on and I was going to wait inside at the double door entrance and call an uber. The manager who looked way younger than me  (and I'm almost 30) rushed out there and said "you think you can do that in my restaurant motherf***er" then I asked him what he was talking about. And he said "that wasn't there a few minutes ago" and again. I asked him what he was talking about. He pointed to a needle. I then told him he wasn't mine. He didn't believe me. Then he asked if I wanted to "take it outside " then about that time one of the waitresses said it want mine. It was the guy and girl that left. I will never return to this place ever again. This is why they shouldn't make kids managers. If he would have hit me like it looked like he wanted to. I would not be afraid to defend myself.Best apple pie and vanilla sauce!!! In city chicken fingers With American cheese brown gravy !! Nice place over allWe arrived at 1 AM, staff was living dead in the food was too. Melrose diner should rest in Peace. This is the end of an error for service and food.We won't be spending our money here anymore after we just walked in and the way we were greeted by the waitress with the black roots and blonde south philly messy bun said "what the f..k as soon as ppl get up more ppl come in". fire her.Its a 24 hr diner. If its 3am and you are in Philly and sick of cheesesteaks it serves its purpose. I would never choose to go here during normal dining hours but the food is ok and pretty cheap.I have always enjoyed the Melrose. But with th remodel is has become 100x better. The remodeled booths and restrooms are a great improvement. And the food is as good as always!Dined here for breakfast. Well done food. Friendly and attentive service. Good coffee. Great little diner for a quick breakfast and baked goods.I realize the food isn't great but they have the hottest poured coffee I could ever find in the city as well as the good kind of honey mustard (the bright yellow kind that's really bad for you).
And what makes up for the sub-par food is the AMAZING staff.  I mean, every single individual that works there.  And the atmosphere is awesome and the location great.  This winter it will be a good day time spot for me to warm up from the chill.
I've never gone to a place to eat by myself until I moved to the west side of Broad in December.  I've done that twice here.  I like to sit at the counter and talk to the waiters and waitresses.  And one of the waiters said I look like an actress from this movie that plays this friend that I never saw before.  I'm into it.After recently moving to South Philly some friends came down and we went out to celebrate our good friend's 21st birthday on South street. After an unsuccessful attempt at locating some mythical after-hours bar, we were two things: drunk and hungry. A friend suggested Melrose diner and of course my love of the Wonder Years got the best of me and I was genuinely excited to go! For those not into pop-punk The Wonder Years are a band from around the area and have a song entitled, "Melrose Diner" off their album the Upsides. It doesn't really mention the actual diner very much surprisingly. I was curious and am prone to geek out about music like no one else I know. 
We get there around 2 am (rough guesstimation) and are met with a rather small crowd of drunk college kids, older night owls, and potential parolees from the Philadelphia prison system. There are crazy people everywhere here so I'm pretty used to it already. However I wasn't ready for the woman slouched down in her chair with what resembled a poodle dog on her head. I was quite concerned for the woman and so were the rest of my friends. After waiting close to 10 minutes to even get a waitress to come over me and my friend decided we needed to use the bathroom which I mean as far as diner bathrooms go could be considered average at best. However the man sitting on the bar stool next to the ladies room was talking loudly to himself I'm assuming as I do not see him as one to be tech-savvy enough to work a bluetooth (being an old drunkard by himself in a diner at 2am and all). 
We get back to the table and are finally greeted by our waitress who didn't seem to like her job very much (I understand why now).  After seeing a Reuben on the menu I was pretty set on it before I realized it was 2:30 AM and I had already probably consumed enough calories of apricot ale to make myself gain another pound. We ordered and I made the mistake of asking for "dippy eggs" which apparently are not known by anyone outside of Berks county. Everyone else ordered and we waited another half hour in a fairly empty diner to receive our food. It's pretty hard to mess up eggs and rye toast so I guess I could say the food was alright. Everyone else was pleased with their food and we left. The service was not good and the place is pretty much just a good place to people watch and bask in your pop-punk obsession. 
God speed and stay posi.Creamed chipped beef for the hubs and chocolate layer cake and lemon cream pie for me.  Service was good at 1 am after the Tom Petty concert!  Food was good too.Ahhhh the Melrose, you bring back memories of a more simple time.  Sadly the simplicity only covers the look, and not the quality.  
Fried Chicken is honestly GREAT and I'd get it more often if I couldn't get similar quality across the street for less money.  I frequently just get the soup of the day, and it's good but usually too salty.  I've had pretty much everything, so I'll just wrap this review up quickly.  Average diner through and through.  I honestly wouldn't go here if it wasn't a 60 second walk from where I live, but a lot of times convenience wins.
Problems:
They pour your water from the beverage tap, but refills are accomplished by using the pitcher that probably been at your table since the place opened.............really?  can I trust that?  melrose?
The staff is sometimes nice, most times doesn't care.   Finally, when you check out, there is only one way out and it feels like a meat packing plant.Melrose has the perfect diner food that doesn't taste like crap that was run through the trash. I have spent many a drunk night here, and many a sober morning. 
I love sitting at the counter, but the booths are huge for a big group of people stumbling in after the bar. They definitely rush you to get in and out here, but it doesn't bother me because that's just the sort of stuff you deal with when you're going to any place that's been around forever in south philly. it's got an attitude of its own. the waitresses are super nice, they just need to make a quick turn around. i get it. 
greek omelettes are fantastic. their chocolate chip or blueberry pancakes are da bomb. big portions that you often can't finish. 
biggest gripe (that's not even really a big deal/gripe at all): the only hot sauce they have is tabasco. c'mon melrose, get some franks red hot up in this joint!magnesium glare in her eye
smoking from the molars
i might as well have stayed in richmond
.
.
.
nobody can save me now
.
2 years in hell
20 minutes on the phone
.
.
i havent been home sinceI gave three stars because of the quality of the food. Most of their dinner items are boring and taste pre-made or frozen. I don't think I've ever had anything fresh other than the veggies that come with the burgers. Honestly the prices should be half of what they are. However, the service makes up for a lot of their dishes. I appreciate the hospitality and fast service.It's a Philadelphia institution.  
It's typical classic diner food, not anything spectacular but not bad.  Decent pricing for South Philly, typical gruff Sou'Philly attitude - but hey:  it's part of the charm. 
(Or at least the experience). 
Breakfast at 2am still tastes good.  Their legendary apple pie is still my favorite. 
It's clean, it's cheap, and it's always open. 
Good enough.The food was pretty good and the service was friendly.  The main concern was our waitress had a cold and was sniffling all over.  I sent the silverware back because when it was unwrapped it was dirty.  I ordered a Greek chicken wrap, it was good but I think next time I would request no olives.  I love Kalamata olives but they made the wrap too salty.Wanted buffalo wings at 3AM while I was at the hospital, decided to go here but ugh. Worst buffalo wings I've ever had! They were soggy and salty and the cuts were just bad quality. The celery was super soggy and just disgusting... The service is nice which is the 1 star, but it was expensive for 6 wings... Around $10. I make them all the time at home and didn't think it'd be that hard to mess up, but boy did they mess up. The other 1 star is for giving me 3 blue cheeses when I asked for an extra.I'm in here more often than I'd like to admit! Everything we've ever gotten on the menu has been delicious, and huge portions for the price. The restaurant is spotlessly clean, and 24-hours to boot (one of these days I'll wander in at 1 AM and only get pie). Service has wavered between OK and stellar depending on our server - the last time our waitress was phenomenal, but a few weeks before our waitress was one of the worst I've ever had anywhere. So, take it with a grain of salt.Great Philly diner experience. Perfect place for late night munchies. Their pies are great. Not too sweet. Always an interesting crowd.This place is not at all what it used to be! Eggs very undercooked, potatoes tasteless and toast brought out 10 minutes before the eggs! Service was great but what kind of diner doesn't have teaspoons ask for one and was told we don't have them! Had to use a tablespoon for coffee that barely fit in mug!!The food is not very deserving of 5 stars (think typical drab diner food), but the buttercream cake deserves 50 stars!!! The cake is SO moist and delicious, and the icing, oh my, has got to be the best buttercream icing I've ever eaten. Nothing beats stopping here after a night of boozing in the city to grab two slices of cake!I use to love this place like 10 years ago but it also went downhill .The waitresses are so rude they act like your bothering them .their slogan is "everybody who knows goes to melrose " sorry to say but anybody who knows goes somewhere else..Alright, you gain a star because I decided to go here because it was 3AM on a Monday morning/Sunday night and the only thing open. I kinda liked my gyro. Just not the slow-ass service.I still like going here, I guess. 
The creamed chipped beef is awesome. The environment is good- for reading a newspaper and keeping to yourself. That is to say, the staff and the other patrons are  less than friendly. 
One thing I noticed- the mystique is gone! The days of "Everyone who knows goes to the Melrose!" are long gone. The menus, especially the breakfast menu, have been spayed and neutered. I remember all these specials, a col looking menu years ago. Now? It looks like something I printed out in MS Word. 
Yknow, you can do worse...The outside and inside visual presentation of the Melrose Diner is five stars - everything you would expect and love about a dinner! Extremely visually appealing!!! The wait staff were also wonderful and friendly!
Unfortunately the food was blah. I ordered the pot roast dinner which came with soup, salad, two sides, and dessert.  The pot-roast tasted too salty and otherwise blah. The gravy didn't taste like gravy should taste and wasn't even brown (it had a red-ish color). The salad was fresh and good, the coleslaw was blah, the lentil soup was very blah with no distinctive flavor, and the Coconut Custard pie was disappointing. The coffee was very good!
It's a real shame the food didn't live up to the decor. The Melrose Diner could be five stars all the way around with a new chef.Meh.  Not my favorite diner.  Most recently I ordered a Chicken Parmesan sandwich.  The bread tasted a little stale.  The chicken fingers were dried out.  The sauce didn't have much of a seasoning to it.  The whole things was sort of bland.  
I've never really had great service here.  I'd rather going to almost any other diner in Philly.I used to come here as a kid, and the Melrose was known for having great diner food and awesome coffee. Unfortunately with new owners the food quality took a nose dive. A bacon cheeseburger and fries was replaced with standard diner fries and a soggy bun. The coffee is eh, not bad but nothing to go out of the way for. It earns an extra star because the service at 3 am for a few semi-drunk people was decent enough. We got all our food in a timely manner and the late nite menu is edible at least.
I'm trying not to grade based on what this place used to be but it's hard considering how good the diner food was back in the day and not as sub standard as it is now. You could do worse, but the way the city has improved culinary-wise the last decade, you could do much, much better.My diner standards aren't very high.
If they are open late, serve hash browns, and refill my coffee quickly, I'm sold. 
On these fronts, Melrose delivers. 
As an added bonus, their chocolate milkshake is to die for.
Melrose is the place to be for all of your late night, I don't care what I eat as long as there's grease experiences.Let me start off by saying I have never dined here.   Never tried the food before.  I will however attest to the 5 star butter cream cake my staff got for me this week.  Fantastic.  I have never had such a creamy rich cake in my entire life.   I would go there to try this cake again.Haven't been to Philly for a couple years but this place great because it was exactly what you expect from a diner - seat yourself;  coffee in the morning etc. so I didn't feel like much of a tourist. I'm sorry other reviewers didn't have a good experience due to "rude service" but I can say that was definitely not the case with me.
**Btw the pancakes (my uncle had) are GREAT! Yellowy because of corn meal we think. Best pancakes in a while**It is a classic Philly institution but honestly - not the greatest diner in the world.  What really is interesting are the waitresses and regulars - some who have been coming here for 45 years.  (And a few servers who have worked here that long.)
I had a classic patty melt and it WAS greasy and a dietary mess.  Not sure if it was worth it as the food is really 2-3 stars at best.
Plus:  it's very inexpensive.  Great People watching.
For food - I prefer the Oregon Diner.
PenRose is Also good.As a kid I heard their ads on TV saying "Everybody who knows... goes... to Melrose!"  But at that time, in the far reaches of the Bucks County suburbs, South Philly felt like light years away,  Now I live within walking distance and many a South Philly night out end with the perfect 1 2 punch: the Republican 'til 3 then the Melrose 2 blocks east of there.  I usually get something comfort foody like an omlette or grilled cheese.  Generally, from what I can remember the food is good diner grub and the servers have all be pretty pleasant in dealing with my drunk ass.  And that's basically all I need at 4AM.  Just like other places I tend to wind up at (drunk) during a fun evening I'll have to give this place 5 stars.This place has the nerve to have a divider in the middle of each booth---meaning if you are a party of two, you'll both be seated on the same side of the booth.  And you may have 2 strangers opposite you, staring you in the face.  Very awkward, and a shameless attempt at "maximizing profit".  I have to tell you I have NEVER seen this before at any restaurant of any kind.  
As for the meal, a bagel and coffee, it was the blandest, supermarket-style bagel you can imagine, and for the coffee, NO FREE REFILLS!  Again, I go to just as many diners as the next guy, but I have never been denied a free refill of coffee.  Another pathetic cash grab.
When you go to pay, you are fed into an amusement-park style line feeder that shunts you thru a very narrow, glass enclosed lane til you are directly in front of the cashier.  I assume this is so folks don't leave without paying; however, it has the effect of making everyone passing thru feel like a criminal under strict supervision.
I hated the vibe of this place.  Never going back.I visited my old stomping grounds with my dad a few weeks ago....WTF did they do to the Melrose diner!!! Not only did they "remodel" but they took away the ambiance? I am so heartbroken. Yo, no one is old and nasty that works there anymore!!! WTF is that about? What's with the really lame new booths with the divider in the middle? The food was ok, but what happened to the drama -- they revamped all of the personality out of this place including the menu which is like 2 pages. What diner has a 2 page menu? And now that Broad St. diner is closed I will have to stick to Penrose diner or Oregon Avenue diner when I'm in South Philly, I guess. What is the world coming to?Been going here for years!!! I always get the same thing. Two turkey burgers, no fries, and I sub it with the twice baked potato. And the buttercream icing cake. The turkey burger is seasoned and grilled perfectly! The buttercream icing cake is to die for! It is the best cake I have ever had!!!This place was fantastic up till a few years ago. Now it even bums me out at 3 am when I can't see straight. Besides the one waitress who spilt her tragic life story to me and my girlfriend, the service is good.  Why  they would ever switch out PERFECT crispy flat home fries for bs hash browns is beyond me. Keep on going south to PennroseI lived right across the street from Melrose for a year and frequented this place a lot. (Probably too much.) They have awesome burgers and chicken fingers. They seriously have the best honey mustard I've ever had. I actually used to hate honey mustard until I had it at Melrose. Their steak and pasta was actually pretty damn good too. The waitresses are also the perfect amount of sassy. I miss you Melrose...I'll see your chicken fingers in my dreams.I really hate the booths here. They have no qualms about making four people squash together on one side, and have a different party sit right across/next to you. I think it's a rule that you have to be 65+ to waitress, so everyone kind of looks like a South Philly version of your grandma, and acts like it too. Food is normal diner fare, nothing special. I've been here tons of times and nothing really stands out for me. Breakfast is probably your best bet, but it can get crowded sometimes. Melrose is open 24/7, which is nice when it's 2am and you're drunk and hungry.The first word that comes to mind when I think of the Melrose is....clusterf&^*.  Melrose has no hostess, so the seating situation is a free for all.  In these parts, a minor dispute over a booth could lead to cold blooded murder, so for that reason alone I will probably not patronize Melrose.
The staff however was lovely, if not a little scary.  Our waitress proudly displayed her heat lamp burn scabs as a badge of honor.  
The food was pretty standard diner food.  I will say the prices here are really good...husband & I had pancakes, eggs, coffee & a side of scrapple for $20.
As mentioned in countless other previous reviews, the people watching is second to none.  It is just a revolving door of characters in there.
The reason I went to Melrose in the first place is because the Oregon was jam packed.  That will probably be the only reason I should ever return.I came here at around 7-8pm on a Wednesday night. When you first come in, it's a self seating diner so you can sit where ever you'd like. The service and food here was very upsetting. The waitress we had was very rude and we asked for water a couple of times until she finally gave it to us. The food was horrible, I can tell you that. I ordered the shrimp scampi and my aquintance ordered grillee cheese.
We started off with a soup which was so bad, it did not look or taste delicious. We received our oders and my shrimp scampi was very salty and I was not able to finish it. The grilled cheese was not a grilled cheese. It was not melted and the tomatos were soggy. The only thing that did taste okay was the fries, probably frozen. As I've said before, the serivce was horrible and she didn't bother to ask us if our meal was alright. The only thing I would come back for are the cookies, the butter cookies are the only memorable experience that I have here. Melrose, a Philly icon has definetly lose its taste and hopefully they'll be able to step up their diner game.Had to stop and try this landmark. Overall great breakfast. Just the diner experience I was dreaming about on the plane ride to philly. Wasn't busy on a Monday morning. Food took a little longer than expected but worth it. Great diner food.The Melrose is a Philadelphia Icon. It is a classic style diner with one twist, the booths are 1/2 circles that have a block in the middle so you actually face a total stranger so a conversation has to start. Interesting idea. Now the food is better than a typical greasy spoon diners cause they take some pride in what the serve. Their pastries are quite good ( especially the cheesecake ). I eat here when in town but as usual parking can be an issue at certain times of the day ( especially at meal times ). I love their pancakes. And their coffee could wake the dead. So you should give them a shot you could be surprised.Been here a handful of times with family and friends and always got something different for lunch and dinner. Everything is always delicious. Usually it's seat yourself, you feel like a regular and part of the neighborhood from your first visit. Service is good, cheap, yummy food. Highly recommend if you want something cheap, local and delicious.When I first  moved to Philly, back in the days I was living in Pennsport, I could'nt figure out where to find a local diner, and missed my old Chicago 24 hour haunts. Pre-Yelp days, I just had to wander around until I found one. I was relieved when I finally stumbled on Melrose - Philly is not a diner-less city (though we do seem to have less than most) Sure, it's not the best food in the world, but it will do. I haven't been for a few years, but the classic grilled cheese and fries after a long night always set me right. And the booth situation is uniquely hilarious.As long as the Melrose is there, some part of my Philly childhood remains. Good food, quaint artwork, and love-you-to-death service. Decent omelette as diner omelettes go. Hit this place whenever I'm in townThis place blows. I have always stood up for melrose diner. The food, the waitresses, the services were always excellent. Now, it's a bunch of non south philly employees and customers who shame you for being from the neighborhood. The food sucks, the staff sucks, and the service is absolutely horrendous. It's so sad. This place has changed for the WORST and I would advise you to take the 2 minute walk down Passyunk Ave and eat else where. THE ABSOLUTE WORST. STARVE BEFORE YOU EAT HERE!The omelette and fries I got extremely greasy - even for greasy spoon standards. Came here because it is open 24 hours so not a lot of options at 5 am.It's okay food, not bad.. not great.
The place generally looks very clean.
They have wonderful deserts. They make thier own.
And great for late night eatings..After a Sunday Funday of drinking in Center City, the Melrose Diner only being 1 block off the BSL seemed like a great idea.  It is a very very clean, cute diner that has everything a 1950's diner should have.  The menu has a good selection, the prices are good for a 24 hour place in South Philly, and the staff is what you would except at night.  The food was good, but I wasn't blown over by it.  I would go back but it may not be my first choice.The food is good and the service excellent. went there at 2:30AM and still got hot food and a smiley waiter. On the way out, grab some of the Melrose Diner's cookies ...they are succulent!The food is great, customer service is decent.
I usually get a ham & cheese omelette w/ homefries or a bacon cheeseburger and I've never had any complaints.
I go a couple times a month so they must be doing something right! 
:)Classic american diner food in a classic diner setting. This place looks like it's right out of a movie from the 1950's. The diner is super clean, and the waitress was very friendly. They greeted me right away and gave me water. My order was taken in a timely fashion and the food showed up less that 10 mins later. My BLT came with fries. The BLT was great but the fries were a little soggy. This is my only complaint. I had a great lunch here and would def return!!!Decent breakfast. Nothing spectacular. I heard their buttercake is amazing, but hasn't tried yet.This place is adorable! Totally has the "diner" feel! We sat at the counter just like the diners you see on TV. Food was decent, but the atmosphere was great. 
I had an omelet with toast & tried a piece of coconut custard pie. Omelet was alright, toast was toasted perfectly. Pie was not to my liking BUT in all fairness, I'm also not a fan of pie. Our server was friendly.I eat here from time to time when in south Philly.  I usually stop in to pick up one of their excellent apple pies, which they are known for.  Their food is typical diner food,  nothing outstanding, just average(except for the apple pie).This diner used to be a weekend ritual among my friends.  The breakfasts are delicious.Wow just got take-out at the Melrose Diner.  I think I just had the best tasting Veal Parmesan that I ever had.  I was also in and out in 5 minutes.  Not a problem. Will definitely go back again.  And only a block from the Broad Street Line.I'm not sure how anyone could consider the food here satisfying or even acceptable. Our meals were tasteless, bland and basically no frills. Look, I get that it is diner food but diner food doesn't have to suck.  Went here during the week after a show at the Academy of Music and it was pretty empty. Our waitress was cool- probably in her 60's or 70's and able to run around like a 25 year old .The hostess was a bit unprofessional walking around talking on her cell phone, shoving food in her mouth and outside smoking while we were at the counter waiting to pay.  We used to go here when we were kids and I remember the food and the atmosphere was so much better.  Its really gone down hill and I won't be back.  The Penrose Diner has much better food.  Don't waste your time here.I'm a philly girl through and through and wanted to pass on traditions to my baby girl....so we decided to share a meal at the melroa r.  From the moment we walked in, we were greeted with hospitality and south philly charm.  Tony and scott were above and beyond with top notch customer service...making jokes with my little girl, giving cookies, crayons and plenty of smiles.  The food was excellent... Patty melt with a handmade burger(no frozen crap here) and chicken Marsala for the hubby ...  Flavorful and relish.  Now to top it off the strawberry cheesecake was divine...creamy cheesecake topped with succulent berries and the perfect amount of sweetness.  Yum!!!
The booths were a great size with the table not super far away or crushing into your gut and nice and comfy cushions.  So here's to keeping to philly style...everybody who knows, goes to melrose!!!Went in for breakfast on Sunday morning. It was very busy. We were greeted when we arrived and told the wait wouldn't be long and she was right. As soon as we sat she asked us if we wanted coffee and brought it right back. Its worth the wait.  The service was amazing and so was the food. It was my first time there and I will be going back.This place has been there forever, but it is still a pretty good place to have breakfast.  And their butter cream cake is the best...anywhere.I had cake and coffee here with friends and the place was smug. The waiter was high with perc chalk in the corner of his lips and was bothered that we made him work...lol. the cake wasnt home made, the coffee was ok. Probably wont returnLooking for a late night breakfast?  Melrose is that place! Get your scrapple well done. Don't expect the waitstaff to be super friendly.  Its a true south philly experience!  Love that ots close to home, and that tjey can tolerate all the drunk people. 4 stars for Melrose!The World Court in The Hague should be notified about the Destroyer of Diner's in Philadelphia known as The Michael's Diner Organization. The eponymous location in Glenside has been awful for years. But then the fungus spread, ruining the twin classic diners, The Melrose and the Mayfair. Where will it end? Who will stop these people? The only advice I can give is if you see sports bar amounts of flat screens suddenly appear in your favorite diner, don't go in. The Michael's Virus has claimed another victim.Where to go when the world is too busy and high tech for your liking?
Melrose Diner.
And relive the 60's feeling as you share a milkshake with your boyfriend. 
Okay, so I wasn't even alive during the 60's however I've watch alot of "I love Lucy"s to have 60's feelings.
I came here two days ago, starving and in need of good food. 
Word of wisdom: 
-It's self seating however I would recommand stools rather than booth because service is so much faster at the stools.
-If you come before 9PM, majority of the people there are old. 
-The London boiled flank is bland. Don't order it. 
I ordered: 
Chicken Alphabet Soup (which is very homely)
Chicken Fingers (best thing there is)
Turkey Sandwich (comes with french fries and smothered with gravy- very old feeling)
Cheesecake -eh
Coconut Custard Pie-yum
Carrot Cake-double yum with raisin
Endless cups of coffee
The waitress was laughing and kinda shocked at how much I ate.The Melrose is a landmark, classic style. I really enjoy going there, not only has a majority of the staff been working there forever, a majority of the patrons have been patronizing there forever.  It is a very interesting place. To me it typifies what a diner should be. 
I recommend the western omelet, and french toast (not together, your stomach could explode).Heres the deal --- I am born and raised in northern NJ. And sorry if you don't like it -- not only does that qualify me to tell you that the Jersey Shore  and Real Housewives shows are actually QUIET accurate to jersey archetypes --- but to also to judge a diner with confidence.
I would venture to guess I  have eaten at 50+ diners in my day - at least.
It looks like a diner. I will say that. The waitresses have that apathetic glaze that suggests "i've worked here for 35 years and I am a zombie with a raspy smoked to death throat" appearance complete with snarky humor....
The food : (I've gone 3 times --- hoping the last two would improve)
I swear to you  --- the last time my home fries tasted like they were deep friend in ASS juice --- nastiest thing I have eaten out in a long time. Rather be stuck at the ghetto Mcdonalds at broad and snyder. Sorry. 
BIG YUCK.
(no - I don't know what ass juice tastes like but if you would like to imagine, go there and order something fried)Being from Philadelphia, I always heard how great the Melrose Diner was. I grew up in Mayfair and always thought that the Mayfair Diner was the best diner that I've ever been to. Today I picked up my daughter and son-in-law from Philly International and thought that I would treat them to breakfast at the Melrose. Boy, was I disappointed! My son-in-law was very disappointed with his omelette, my daughter's French toast was not cooked properly and my scrambled eggs were dry and it appeared as though it was only one egg and not two. I will never go there again!!! The Mayfair Diner has it all over the Melrose!!! Obviously, the reputation of this diner is way overratedCame here late night after a few drinks. We got a friendly welcome and were told to sit wherever we want. The waitress had this "I rather be anywhere, but here attitude", but what do you expect at 3:30 in the morning? The chicken cheesesteak was basic and was good after a long night of boozing.It's a diner, but it's got a cool vibe.
There's only bar and booth seating, which definitely gives it a "diner" feel. The menu is extensive and they have daily specials. I got the french dip, but was sorely disappointed. It tasted like a Pinterest pin re-creation gone wrong. 
Maybe their other options are better. I hope.As far as diners go, this place gets 4 stars because it's clean, up-to date, has decent service and pretty good food.Service was okay. Just came for desserts and they were not good.
The apple pie was awful. Like they used greasy frying oil in the crust. Not flaky at all.
Strawberry cheesecake was ehhh. Edible, but extremely mediocre.
Chocolate cream pie, awful, crust taste the worst!
Would not come here for dessert.Went here for the first time in nearly 10 years.  Amazing how alot of things in Philly haven't changed that much including the Melrose Diner.   
Good things:
- Made some renovations to the booths/life fixtures but for the most part it still has a classic 'Americana' feel to it and is instantly recognizable especially at night.  
- Buttercream cake is a definitely worth the hype.  
- Fascinating place to watch people although you don't get nearly as much 'locals' in here as you would say the Penrose Diner.   
- Murals are great and frankly the murals around the city are one of the best things about Philly.  
Bad things:
- Outside is dirty and it smells vaguely like stale urine.  Plenty of places in South Philly though you could say the same thing.
- Dinner items are still subpar here with way too much instant/frozen stuff.  Quality comfort food it is not.   
- No free coffee refrills.  Ditto on other drinks. 
- Pies here used to be really good.  Not so much any more.  The cherry pie my friend had a slice of was a gelatinous mess.  Yuck.  
Verdict:
This is a place that it is best to go for breakfast/brunch or to grab a slice of buttercream cake & a cup of coffee with someone you are close to at an off-hour on a rainy or cold day. 
Otherwise, you are better off going to other numerous food options in South Philly area including the Penrose Diner if you want to grab lunch/dinner.Chef and I stop by usually for breakfast. I'm also disappointed that there is eggs benedict on their menu. Other then that, the food isn't bad. 
The clientele is a little out-there. There is usually a few not-so-sane people at the bar, what do you expect on Snyder Ave... It crosses they line when they smell and sit in their own filth... 
They like to clean the floors under your table when you are sitting there. That is one of my biggest pet peeves. 
Service is alright, it could be a little quicker. I never see this place packed full, so I feel like you shouldn't have to wait long for anything. Whether its to be seated, get your food, or pay your check. 
I have always noticed a lot of people picking up take out orders. I don't blame them for not wanting to sit in this dining area.The food is average, nothing spectacular. Main plus is that its open all night, that's great for night workers like myself. If you can't sleep hit it up. There are better places though, with nicer peopleI just really love this place. Since 4 years ago until now. I made Melrose diner is our thing for me and my friends and family. It doesn't matter what time i get off work. 2 or sometimes 4 AM I'd still drive there to set down and relax. Great food amazing service and always friendly. 
I don't know what to eat when I go there. I wish I can have everything all at once. Should try the Italian sausage or scrapple or that crispy bacon. I want to drive there as I'm typing this review right now.This is a prefect example of an old school dinner.  There are only a few left in the city and the Melrose is one of the best.it is good and warm food nice ppl ~ but kind big breakfast for asian so i cam ate half of the food anyway greatAre you a fan of greasy spoons full of questionable characters and reasonably-priced food?  Melrose is the spot for you!
There isn't a whole lot to say about this place - it is your typical diner.  I would rather take a few extra stops on the BSL to get here than settle for Broad Street Diner because the waitresses are friendlier and the food is cheaper.  Portions are definitely not authentic diner portions but what you get is hot and delicious.Quick service, good food and a cool diner atmosphere. Wanted to check out a vintage diner and this gave me everything I need!
The fries were very good and came with both my burger and my wife's grilled cheese. A great stop on the way to or from ballgame.Waffle, pancake, fries, egg sandwich.. ALL incredible! Quintessential GREAT diner food. Fast friendly service. Cool decor and lighting. 
Everything about it.. 5 stars! 5 stars! 5 stars!Me and a group of friends went here a few nights ago. ... I must say I have lived in south Philly my whole life and been going here since I was a little girl. My have times changed...  Service was absolutely horrible our waitress looked like she just did some heroin couldn't even keep her eyes open to take our order. When the food came is was absolutely terrible. Sad to say as a south Philly resident I will never be back ever !When you think of the Liberty Bell,  Rocky,  Eagles, Phillies & Flyers,  You need to Think about going to "The Melrose".  A South Philly institution!  A real American Diner.  Go there for Breakfast before you tailgate at the Eagles Game!  Not like the boxed potatoes you have at OTHER DINERS,  The Melrose has REAL shredded potatoes,  Fresh eggs,  Great Coffee and Fantastic SCRAPPLE!  What?  You're from out of state visiting and don't know what SCRAPPLE IS?  Yo,  take it from me,  order the Scrapple (A PHILLY STAPLE ALONG WITH CHEESESTEAKS & SOFT PRETZELS),  But NEVER ask what's in it.  You'll be a fan!  After Breakfast stroll down to 9th street and stroll through the Italian Village!  Enjoy!High prices, the server hit on my mom in a non-friendly way. When I went to speak with the manager he slipped a cookie in my moms purse and slapped my butt. I called the cops but they never showed up. Most of the patrons at the counter smelled of garbage and general homelessness (I watched a guy do a shot of butter). Now our food, we ordered a slice of apple pie a la mode and the buttercream cake. The waiter dropped our plates on the ground then tried to put it back on the plate and still serve us. Never again. Beware.This is one of the Diner that you have to go to in your life!!! It is such a staple spot for South Philly. Went in on a Thursday which wasn't busy which was surprising. Everybody that I was with loved the food that they got. I had chicken croquettes which to me is definitely a diner choice of food. They were positively delicious. I recommend this place to anybody who wants delicious diner food.The service was friendly, quick and I enjoyed the music and general atmosphere. My coffee and french onion soup were both tasty and enjoyable. I also enjoyed my chicken salad triple decker club, although I think I was actually enjoying the nature of the triple decker and not Melrose's. I'd imagine the chicken salad on it's own would be pretty sub par, which my friend dan found out the hard way. Normally when I go to Diner's the fries are crispy, delicious, and golden, but not Melrose's. Melrose's fries were accordion style fries that looked like they had never been anywhere near an oven.When you think "diner", Melrose is a pretty good start with its typical metallic outside. We came in from a cab on Sunday morning because it was close to where we were going to be touring that day. I got a waffle with scrambled eggs and bacon. My husband got french toast, sausage, and toast. He said his was pretty effing amazing. Our waitress was super nice and kept our drinks filled too which I love. My waffle was typical, but the eggs and bacon were really yummy. Nothing extraordinary, but good quality diner food. Yummy and filling-also good standard prices.This place was impressive. I'll admit to being slightly put off by the look of the neighborhood, as well as the homeless looking dude seated at the counter when my group came in, but the service and food both won me over quickly. Our waitress, without writing a single thing down, actually got everything totally right on all 5 orders in the group, complete with whose drinks had no ice and all the substitutions, soups, and my side of applesauce.
Speaking of applesauce, the Melrose also gets points in my book for having diner food at 2:30am that at least pretends to be moderately healthy, without resorting to cottage cheese on tired looking salad. I was able to get a grilled chicken wrap with a little honey mustard, and it wasn't even soggy! Hooray! 
I will definitely be going back here when I'm around south Philly.I grew up in south philly and could always rely on the melrose for some good grub. Not anymore.. they changed hands recently and swore nothing changed.. my ass...the food is so much worse, and the service is some of the worse I've even encountered. I have gotten to arguments with staff about how bad they are...and guess what...me and everyone I know are in the bar/rest. Business! Unfortunatly I live a block away and this is all I have in walking distance from home,but I never thought id say...bring on the oregon diner! I feel bad how far this place has fallen over the years.The jingle is familiar: 
              "Everybody who knows goes to Melrose."
For anyone who has been to Melrose, the jingle is immediately edited to the following:
              "Everybody who knows goes anywhere else, unless it's 3 a.m. ,  you're drunk        and the designated driver thought that Jaeger Bombs wouldn't get him too drunk to drive so you have NO WHERE else to go but Melrose fucking Diner..." 
Ahem. Sorry, I got a little carried away. But it's true that Melrose  sucks. It's over priced and because it's a South Philadelphia standard, it's a favorite of sub-humans. The service is rude, the food is bland, and the chances you'll overhear a low life go on a tirade about the Jews controlling the media  usually lies around 40 to 85 percent depending on the time of day. 
What's sad is that Melrose has improved since the days when I was dragged there as a kid.What can I say about Melrose that hasn't already been said by the several other Yelp users! Food is decent for me when I go to diners I usually just get breakfast! With going to the Melrose that's what I got! Two eggs over easy, side of hash browns and bacon! Also got wheat toast! I did find it odd that they brought my toast out a good 10 minutes before my actual meal? So my toast got cold it wouldn't have been a problem if it was toasted all the way! It was barley toasted so like a dummy I put butter on it, in my defense I thought my meal was coming right behind it, not 10 minutes later! Eggs where cooked good, hash browns are of the shredded type which I like. Bacon was so so, two pieces nice and crispy two piece ummm not so much cooked. Not sure how you nail two pieces and fail in two as all 4 are stuck together! The one and only complaint I have about service is having to ask for more coffee when my cup is empty and WHY DO THEY NEVER GIVE EXTRA NAPKINS!! Big pet peeve of mine! Other than that decent meal!!'Stopped for a Saturday morning breakfast.  Food was ok but a little bland.  There were plenty of servers working and the place wasn't busy...yet the service was awful.  No one ever checked to see how things were and there was no attempt to offer me a refill on my coffee let alone ever look at my cup.  Given the choice I would suggest you go to Penrose Diner over this place any day.I went here back in February of 2015. 
My only complaint is the price.
The server was friendly and talkative, the food (I ordered a club sandwich) was above average, and the cookies, which I bought a bag of before leaving, were out of this world. 
I only knew of this place because of The Wonder Years song of the same name. Anyone who's a fan of the band should stop by the diner and check it out!I've lived next door to Melrose for a few years now, generally it was ok, but lately the service has been terrible. I've recently had to walk out because the hostess was so aggressive and pushy, harassing me about my seat choice, when over half the booths and tables were open. I've never experienced dealing with a hostess so rude before. And with all the good food options along Passyunk ave, I don't know why I would have find a reason to go back.I love the Philadelphia food scene,  but sadly  it has never had many "late night" dining options. It occured to me, as we pulled into the parking lot, that I have been coming to the Melrose a couple times a year for over 30 years for just this reason.  
Once we began to eat our late night breakfasts, If it were not for the old murals of the Philadelphia "points of interest" by the doors leading into the kitchen and the lovely waitress -I would have never known that I was at the Melrose. 
The omelettes were  thin, dry,tasteless with extremely sparse filling and it was the worst scrapple that I ever had.
We were so depressed by the food, that we ordered a slice of the famous butter cream cake just to cheer up !.
It was moist, but tasteless as well, now there really is NO REASON TO EVER GO BACK.
When mediocre toast is the high light of the meal you have just eaten then you have truly hit a low point.
We should have known something was up when the older couple next to us told the waitress that they would NOT need containers to take home their barely touched plates of food.Another great meal at the Melrose.  Four of us went after a recent Phillies game for dinner.  The place was not crowded and we sat ourselves at a booth.  The waitress's attitude was typical S. Philly, no frills but efficient.  Our table ordered the chicken croquettes, chicken wings, chix parm grinder and the baked flounder dinner special.  That special included soup AND salad, entre, rolls and butter and a dessert for around $15.  What a bargain.  The croquettes were huge and sat on a bed of mashed potatoes and she still got 2 more sides.  Overall it's an above average dining experience and a good value.  Parking on the other hand...well it's creative.This place has some good things on the menu, mostly not that great things on the menu.  But it's a diner, right?  It has diner food!  It can make up for all that mediocre food in good atmosphere.  Except, the atmosphere is terrible.  The waitresses are miserable.  Not in a sassy "It's a diner, there will be grumpy waitresses" way that's kind of fun, either.  They're just kind of nasty and inattentive.  
I have a friend who loves to go here (for some reason) after a night out, even though the Oregon diner is not too much farther south, and I have never enjoyed it, really.  It's just not worth the trip.Average diner food. Nothing to write home over but a cool Philly icon.  Very good service.  Friendly, professional and quick.People stop boosting this diner.mediocre service,mediocre food the best thing bout the diner is murals on the walls.Great breakfast food! Highly recommend home fries with pepper and onions, so crispy and delicious. We had western omelet and it was cooked perfectly! Waitress was very welcoming and attentive. 5+This place smells of a unique combination of hospice and urine. But it's the only thing that's open.Let's see...Melrose has been around since 1935.  It is a fairly traditional diner and its menu contains standard diner food.  It boasts of homemade baked goods, which are okay but nothing to write home about.  What bugs me out is the communal sitting arrangement.  There aren't that many people in South Philly that I want to sit that close to, especially considering diners are usually best when one is at least a little intoxicated.
The food I had was appalling, which is to be expected at a diner.  The eggs were greasy and the toast was like charred air.  Apparently their milkshakes are good because my friend drank his down very quickly and happily.  So my recommendation? A milkshake and some pie, maybe a little coffee.A typical diner experience but with cold food. You can either sit at the counter or in an expansive booth and the waitresses had no problem letting just the two of us take up a booth. The diner was fairly empty when we went around 5pm on a Sunday but our waitress seemed pretty harassed and was rushing around.
I knew I wanted a dessert no matter what so the first thing I ordered was a slice of apple cake. It was amazing! Perfect crumbly top that broke apart to reveal chunks of apples and an incredibly moist, delicious cake. 
I went on to order the baked meatloaf with the chicken orzo soup and a side of spaghetti. The side of spaghetti was really just for laughs, I'm shocked that's even a choice and I couldn't resist picking it over two vegetables options. 
The chicken orzo soup was quite good but very onion heavy. I like onions but it would be pretty overwhelming for anyone interested in a more moderate chicken soup dish. 
The meatloaf came with a mushroom gravy that had already congealed by the time it arrived at our table. The dish was lukewarm and outright cold in patches. 
The spaghetti side was pretty substantial, not enough to be a restaurant entree but definitely a portion you would serve yourself at home. There wasn't a lot of sauce to go with the noodles, I'm sure they would've given me more sauce if I'd requested it but I took most of it home with me. The sauce tasted like a generic canned sauce.
My friend ordered the Western Omelette and the presentation left a lot to be desired, even for a bare bones diner meal. It was sloppily put together and off center on the plate. My meal totaled to $15 with tip which is a little bit pricier than diners I've been to elsewhere but excuse it based on the location.I remember it being a tad good as a kid,but, then again the most I've ever gotten from there at that time was fries & a BLT. We went to dinner as a family  and everybody wound up having food poisoning. Oregon Diner's waaaay better and always has been.I've been going to the Melrose for years.  I live pretty much around the corner, and its a nice standard for quick, cheap and good eats at most hours of the day or night.  I think I even went there after my junior prom.  And I've gone there more than once late at night just because I wanted some coffee and a slice of blueberry pie.  I tried it again a few days ago, the first time I'd been there since it underwent some renovation and I believe a change in management.  
There used to be two separate menus, one for breakfast (served all day) and one for lunch/dinner.  I only saw the one menu this time, which included breakfast options (although I was very disappointed to see the lack of chipped beef on there...).  Pretty standard diner fare.  I got the BLT, my friend got some pancakes and eggs.  Service was quick and friendly.  Our waitress checked on us often enough, and my coffee cup was never empty long.  
They changed the booth setup, so that now you no longer have to share booths with strangers if there aren't enough people in your party.  To be honest I think I'm gonna miss that.  I've witnessed and overheard many an odd conversation and have made new friends (if only for the course of a meal) because of having to share booths.  Oh well.  It seems roomier in there, the counter seems to have more seating, and there was a nice mix of elderly regulars and younger hipsterish kids in there together.  
I used to go to Melrose a lot mostly because it was there and there weren't all that many other options in the neighborhood.  But now that there are so many other places to try I have fewer reasons to come here, but it'll always be on my list as a good go-to.
There's two doors at the entrance/exit.  Entrance is on the right, exit is the other side.  You pay at the cashier on the way out.  Bathrooms are all the way on the left, two stalls in the ladies room.
edit! 
okay, so even though i didn't see it on the menu (am i missing something??), they DO have creamed chipped beef!  i had to ask the waitress, but it was no problem, comes on toast with a side of potatoes and it was something like $5.29.  top it off with a slice of cherry pie and tons of coffee, and oh man, i'm a happy camper.next time im in south philly ill just go to tony lukesAverage old school diner that has evidently struggled with changing ownership and identity. Hit or miss service. One waitress always waits on my table while clearly high. For every 5 times I've gone, there's been 1 time we had to get up at leave after waiting for 20 minutes with not a chance of being waited on. 
It might sound like I'm hating but when it comes down to it, I crave their crispy chicken wrap on a regular basis and will usually put up with whatever antics Melrose is up to that night just to have it. 
Their chocolate layer cake and cheesecakes are pretty good. Hopefully you can snag a fresh piece since they are pre-sliced and covered in plastic wrap on a shelf in the kitchen.I can only speak for my late night experience. VERY VERY limited menu for a diner. The atmosphere and the service was good but they did not make up for the lack of food, both in terms of food quality and food variety. The burger was meak at best and the fries were cold. I'd rather head to the suburbs than go back here.The old Melrose Diner is dead. The new owners have gutted and "remodeled" this landmark with a tacky, generic interior. Formerly a fabulous, one of a kind 1940s diner, it is now completely lacking in charm. This is a sad and regrettable loss.We went there for the first time; I ate the waffle with ham. The food is very good, the waitress was nice. We even saw a few familiar faces so the experience was pleasant!I was not impressed with this place at all. It used to be one of the best diners in the city of Philadelphia but boy has it fallen. It wasn't dirty but It needed a wipe down. There was a musty smell all around and the bathroom was disgusting. Now for the food. I ordered the chicken croquettes. It was Luke warm and tasted like it was microwaved. The potatoes were absolutely disgusting. I got chicken fingers for my daughter which she refused to eat. That tells you something because she loves chicken fingers. I will not be going back here.Those who know go to Melrose! This diner has been a family favorite dating back to when my great uncle laid the tile work. They're huge portions if home cooked diner specialties never fail to impress. My usual is the open faced hot turkey sandwich with gravy. Usually I get mashies with gravy and stuffing but today I went for their baked green beans. They are baked in great seasoning and tomato sauce. So good!!! Never miss out on their chicken orzo soup when they offer it. It warms the heart in the winter. Last but not least- the on premise baked goods. End your night with a slice of coconut custard and remember to purchase a batch of butter cookies on the way out. Everything is made with love and the service is great. It has a homey feel that one would be a fool to not enjoy!The Melrose diner is my fave diner in South Philly. The food is always good and consistant. The is always attentive and friendly. I would choose this diner over any other diner and I live right down the street from the Penrose. The only thing wrong is the seating arrangement and the bathrooms. I rather not sit with a bunch of random people I dont know. That def needs to change.Food was great but wasn't fair to the waiter.. Waitresses are smoking n he's picking up the slake.., I smoke I wish I could run out n smoke when I wanted to... Honestly we could of walked out n no one would hv no one would hv been aware the hostess or cashier was doin her own thing swept for a min then went out to join her coworkers. Lady's you need to get it together team work .... Food was great tho ;)Standard diner with standard fare.  Not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  The food is plentiful if not a bit bland... good value for the price.  
Specials were good -- I had a fish entree with lots of sides... nicely cooked.  The wait staff are friendly and reasonably attentive.  Their famous buttercream cake was good, but was seemed to have been a day old and a little stale.  Nice diner vibe, though, with lots of history, and you can stay in your booth there for hours if you want.  And it's open 24 hours, so that helps. Could use a few more interesting dishes, a few more fresh veggies and salads, and a little more seasoning, 3.5 stars.Stopped for supper with our three kids. The menu is massive, it seems like they have everything! Everyone got to order what they wanted including one who wanted chocolate chip pancakes. The service was excellent, fast, and the portions were outstanding!
For what appears to be just another diner, this one is worth the stop whether you are just one, or all five of us.The food was average. The prices were quite reasonable. The service was poor. We felt like we were imposing on them, even though we were paying customers. I won't be back.Don't you want to end your Saturday night with creamed chip beef with a side of classic South Philly almost-brawl at 4am. Trust me, you do.This place makes me think of my Grandpa dying in hospice.
It smells bad even at 4 am and empty. It's a institutional old person smell a little bit like urine, but also of sadness. 
Sigh.
Well, the food is diner food and there's not much open when I can't sleep.I have never understood why people love the Melrose so much.  I visited most recently because it was very early in the morning and hardly anything else was open.  I got a cheese and mushroom omelet and coffee.  Both were acceptable.  Total cost was around $8.50.Food is good and cheap but the service is not so good. You can wait 10 to 15 minutes to get a menu or a refill of coffee as the waitresses walk by busy but don't look at you. They really need a "floater" that helps out and gets coffee, water, your check so you can pay. The right side counter is worse than the left side so sit on the left side.Where I grew up, I saw a TV show that claimed the Melrose was the best diner in Pennsylvania. Years later, I went in to see if its true.
I don't think so. The Melrose is a cool place to go, I guess. As the other reviews suggest, I guess you had to grow up with it around to really love it. I thought the food was mediocre, the service suspect, and you couldn't smoke in it years before the ban. Maybe I was so used to the nicotine stained glass, but I thought it made diners better.
I prefer others to this, though I do respect its history and fish-story reputation.So I can't hate Melrose... because it's sort of a Philly icon.... but the service is HORRIBLE.  I mean straight up bad!
We arrived on Sunday for brunch around 11a.  I got wedged into the area between the door and the row of people blocking me.  Got hit by the door a few times... cool..  A waitress came around to ask who was waiting for a table vs. counter.  She turned to the man in front of me who said he was in a party of 2 and was waiting for a table.  She must have assumed I was his date... because she never asked me... and there was tons of counter opportunities.
By the time I saw the next waitress, I was forging through the crowd of people waiting in an effort to get to the counter... upon sitting, our waitress promptly brought the hubs and I beverages... a water and an iced tea...
Then we ordered our food.  It was a super complicated order.  I got 2 eggs poached with rye toast.  My husband got pancakes and eggs with a side of sausage.  At this point we noticed a man a few seats down from us begging for toast.  You could hear the desperation in his voice.  This was when I knew we  might be in trouble.  
A few minutes later, our food arrived.  It had qued under the heat lamps for quite some time, but it still tasted decent.  My poached eggs had no toast though.  That's like peanut butter without jelly... or peas without carrots.  I instantly asked our waitress for the rye toast I had ordered where she seemed surprised that I had mentioned toast to begin with... I put a napkin over my eggs to try to keep them warm and started eating my hash browns.  
At this point the gentleman who had requested toast changed his tune.  He was no longer looking for bread, he requested a check...
My toast came out about 10 minutes after my eggs, but the food was decent.  It was even good!  My husband let me have a few bites of his pancakes and they were awesome!  Like REALLY good.  The downside... no beverage refills.  $2 for a 12 ouncer of iced tea without hope of ever getting more.  My husband finished his water before we even ordered.  He was stalking people for more without success
Then came check time... our waitress was nowhere to be seen... and the man who had requested a check was still waiting... a couple sat down on our other side and put in a very clear order too...
Our waitress appeared again after like 5-10 minutes smelling like cigarettes.  She brought our new neighbors their order... which wasn't remotely correct... and then she went to fix it.  We requested our check.
We got our check right before the gentleman next to us who was groveling for toast upon our arrival.  The couple next to us finally got the right food as we were leaving... but didn't get toast.  I snickered to myself, wished them the best of luck, and made my way out.
I rarely don't tip 20%+.  This was one of the few exceptions.  
Get people who give a shit!  It's not a tough job.  You just have to keep your eye on your people!Awesome food and staff perfect diner for the south Philly atmosphere!!!! Breakfast is amazing no matter what time it is!Everybody who knows, goes, to Melrose.  At least that's what their radio ads say.  I don't know what they know, but I do know this.  Even though it's a Philadelphia landmark, and you HAVE to go there at least once to say you did, it's not the best place in the world.  We got seated at a table with some other couple!  The food was typical diner food - nothing special. I got the chicken croquettes and my hubby got the veal parm.  Just do it once, but not more - unless you like being called "Hon".This place is deplorable and the horrible the service sucks the food's terrible 
the chefs never cook it the way you'd like it used to be great I will never go back again"Good things to eat around the clock," says the take-out bag from Melrose Diner. A typical late night diner rendezvous here, for us, has more to do with the "around the clock," aspect of the place than anything.
Though Melrose has the extensive diner menu that you might expect, my official statement is that I stick with a breakfast choices here. Breakfast sandwiches, or omelets with home fries and toast are usually my soakers of choice. I've had bites of others' random hot turkey sandwich type choices, and I s'pose they were fine, but my spidey senses tell me that breakfast is how the ole gal should roll.
If you're a night owl hooting out on a weekend night you might find that you're repeating a certain Whodini song's hook to yourself as you'll likely be surrounded by other humans who've emptied out of the bars, or asylums or whatever. Sing: The freaks come out at night. The freaks come out at night.
Day or night, drunk or sober as a juuuudge (I know, so rarely), we've received good service. Often times, I'd go so far as saying that it's even been friendly. Yes, I'd go that far.
Oh I may be coming off all medium-low-enthusiastic about this place... I really do like it, though maybe lackadaisically. I appreciate the comfortable old diner most of all for their late late night griddling.
And cake.Standard and timeless diner food. Exquisite bread baked on site! Try the rye it is heavenly."Everybody who knows. goes. to Melrose.
Everybody who knows. goes. to Melrose.
Everybody who knows goes to the Melrose Diner Restaurant for the most. in. quality"
I can't go here without singing the jingle, which is almost worth it just for the nostalgia. This is a real old school diner through and through. The wait staff are mostly lifers, who take their time and their liberties to be friendly or not with you, and you just have to hope for the best. The food is diner food, and if you're expecting more go somewhere else. More often than not I'd say stick with breakfast or dessert.My boyfriend and I stopped in for breakfast around 11 am on Saturday, and business was roaring. All the booths were occupied, and only a few spots at the counters were open. We grabbed a couple menus and seated ourselves at the counter. The interior is that of a diner that's been around for a while--clean, functional, and bright, but missing the polish. A place where people find comfort in familiarity. 
The same could be said for my breakfast: two eggs, over medium, a couple slices of wheat toast, and some grits. Everything was exactly as I expected: good quality cooking but nothing fancy. Exactly what I need from breakfast. My boyfriend ordered the ham and cheese omelet with home fries and toast, all of, which he enjoyed.
This diner seems like a good, homey place for people to relax and wind down at any time of the day. The staff were welcoming without being overly present, as the norm for wait service has become. If I'm ever in the area, I'd love to try their other meals.When my buddy, who lives in South Philly, took my friends and I to the Melrose Diner, I immediately began thinking of the old Edward Hopper painting, Nighthawks.  It just felt like...a diner.  There is something oddly comforting about sitting at the counter of a diner and having a good plate of food.
Not being from Philly, I can't really give too much geographical info on how to get here, so all I can say is that it's in South Philadelphia (and forgive me, locals, if I am wrong).  You can't miss it when you're driving around.  It has great picture windows looking into what is unmistakeably a diner.  Did I mention it was a diner?
Myself and about 12 of my friends showed up here and we all fit around the counter.  It was great.  The service was good, the food was good, and we had an all around good time.  There's not much more to say than that.
If I had to recommend it (and I do), I would say that this is a perfect place to take some good friends an have a cup of coffee and catch up with each other.  Also, a great post-bar idea.Eh. Not sure if its because I'm from the diner Mecca of NJ, or if because this diner just isn't good but, well, this diner just isn't good!
Service was average at best. No one greeted us, we just kind of stood awkwardly with a two year old baby while people rushed by us not making eye contact. Whatever... We were sat in a booth and the mgr walked away. Now, did I mention we had a baby in tow? You can imagine everyone's surprise when she was expected to eat sitting in a friggin booth! So we had to flag someone down for a highchair. Not off to a good start.
The food? Blegh! I ordered a salad with "mixed greens, candied walnuts..." Which sounded amazing! What I got was that awful crap iceberg/shredded cabbage bagged mix you get at a horrible picnic. Disgusting. And the walnuts? Not candied.
My sister got the Turkey Rachel which she said was ok.
For $40 we got a gross salad, decent sandwich, and spin dip which looked and tasted like cheese vomit. But in a good way. Because cheese in anything is acceptable.
I'd stay far away from here unless you're coming in for ummmmm, coffee?This place is a Philly legend.  Came with a friend after Wing Bowl, got seated within 5 minutes, beverages very quickly.  I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes, and they were some of the biggest pancakes I've ever seen.  I was HUNGRY, and struggled to finish.  Our drinks were constantly being refilled, and even being busy our waitress made us feel like we were the only ones there, and I was very impressed with that.
Their old jingle holds true..."Everybody who knows goes to Melrose..."Great diner food. We go here for late-night food mostly. The waffles are fantastic and so is the cake. The service is always fast and great! Good prices too.Their cake is good.  Yeah, they deserve two more stars just for the cake alone - but that still doesn't bring it up to 5 stars.  They need to ONLY serve cake.Typical dinner food, okay service,  I was bothered that I couldn't get chicken in my omelette, I was willing to pay extra but was told no! 
Wouldn't recommend large parties going. 
Something funny,  they sat a party of nine at a small booth, with one extra chair on the end, yes, nine adults! Lol.  When the food couldn't fit on the table the party asked could two of them eat at the bar, and they were told NO! lmaoIt was better here before the new management, but it's still a good place to grab a quick bite. One good thing about the new management, they now take cards. Avoid the onion rings, used to be one of my favs, now they taste like they came out of a box.I tried my first scrapple here! Unless you're used to it... Don't do it. Lol this place is so cute. I love the octogenarians who work here at 3am. Their desserts are wonderful, they have a cute retro vibe, and there are a million seats!If you give this place less than four stars, you really should be shot.Ok, so I went here to see what Philadelphia "Scrapple" was. The 3 stars is for the pancakes that were good. I can't dock points from the diner for Scrapple, because it's not the diner's fault that SCRAPPLE IS THE MOST DISGUSTING THING EVER! It looks like a brick of poo that's been fried. It tastes like junk and just crumbles in your mouth and you just feel like you're eating straight grease and fat. BLECH!5am never tasted so good before bed. 
The meatloaf was quite the steal with all the additions it came with. I've been on a meatloaf kick lately and while not as fanciful as non-diner locale, their meatloaf was pretty awesome for a diner.
Oh, and parking in S. Philly. 'nuff said. 
Best waitress ever.I have gone to the Melrose a few times.  The crab cakes were very good.  Unfortunately I purchased a cake recently promising my friends a wonderful confection.  The buttercream icing was all butter and no cream.  I wound up throwing half of it out.I won't add to what everyone else said because everyone is right, whether they love it or hate it.
I will say that they have Very good creamed chip beef but they run out early on weekends.A place for regulars. It's clean,  the staff is friendly (uncomfortably so with hugging every regular that came in the door making a weird touchy atmosphere knowing the people handling the food are touching over half the people walking in the door) and service is quick.  The food is diner food.  It's fine.  Nothing really wrong with it, but I love a fluffy omelette and I just don't see that happening here.  So flat and lifeless.  It tasted fine. I  certainly see the appeal of a place like this, and  the neighborhood regulars clearly feel like family.  Living just blocks away, I  personally won't be back, and  they likely won't care, but I  bet I'm not the only one who feels this way and building new customers keeps a place in business when there are so many choices.I had incredible service here and the only reason I am not giving this place five stars is that the dishes were a touch oily for my taste. I liked their selection and their breakfast food was exquisite. Best waitress!I was very disappointed by the Melrose. I ordered the spinach and mushroom omelet and it was disguisting. I think they did not wring out the moisture from the spinach so my omelet was soupy. The hash browns were undercooked and bland. My husband had 2 eggs, scrambled, with turkey sausage. He too was greatly disappointed. Plus my coffee mug had lip stick stains and our server was the worst. I do not recommend this establishment.Went for breakfast (granted it was lunchtime) and had a good experience. Service was quick and easy, and the food was great. Would definitely recommend!The problem with the Melrose is a lack of class, not class you would find at a expensive dining establishment...the type of class I am talking about is the good down home diner experience, which you can get at some other diners in pa and nj...with gracious waitresses, with name tags, with maybe even a smile.I've not had any knock-your-socks-off experiences at Melrose. All just normal diner food and normal diner service. Which is great, but nothing to write home about. 
The separate check for each person thing is a little weird. I mean, I get it.. I guess. It frequently makes things easier on ME, but I don't know what it does for them. I speculate that the waitresses get bigger tips that way. Do they do that for families? Give a check to mom, one to dad, and one to the five year old kid?? I don't know.. whatever works. 
Their hours of operation are a total luxury, which my drunken self can appreciate. Most diners aren't 24 hours anymore, which makes me sad.Waitresses are always attentive and nice. Clean counters. I order my usual two eggs with toast, hash browns and side of bacon. Always pleased at the end.Besides all of the lovely smiles at the Melrose Diner...i was so disappointed with the service and food. Sure, the prices arent bad, but take yourself to Penrose before you step in here. We waited a good 15 minutes before the waitress (AT THE BAR) finally decided to come over to us...then she messed up our drinks, which is so freaking basic...i knew it was going to get worse. We order our norm, 2 eggs over easy, bacon, fries.......the bacon was so undercooked it was not even edible. My eggs were overcooked......she charged us the wrong amount. We asked another waitress about helping us with our bill or grabbing our waitress and she shunned us off and then continued to tell the dishwasher how amazing he was.......and how good he was at his job. So annoying..never...going back here.Had breakfast around 11am finally it looks good and taste good. The service was great the coffee excellent the food was even better. I  will bring my  family and tell friends. Finally*singing* "Everybody who knows, goes to Melrose, everybody who knows goes to Melrose..." - well now I know, and I doubt I'll ever go there again.  Some friends and I went last night after a late movie at UA Riverview.  I was starving, and knew that a diner would most likely be our only option, so one of my friends recommended the Melrose Diner, because she knew it'd be open.  First of all, we went in and this lady with a mean smokers' growl said "seat yourself."  So we went and sat down at this booth that had a little partition in the middle that held menus. There was an interesting mix of diner patrons - I made sure not to make eye contact with anyone.  Our waitress was friendly enough and very attentive.  I started with two cups of coffee - I could barely keep my eyes open and I had to eat and make it back across the bridge.  I ended up ordering my usual diner fare - grilled cheese with tomato and bacon on white, with french fries.  Oh, before I forget, there was this pitcher on the table that looked like it escaped from Carol Brady's kitchen, and upon opening it, we found out it contained some sort of stagnant liquid - needless to say, the lid quickly went back on.  Our food came, and one of my friends ordered shrimp cocktail...at a diner...I know, but it looked ok and she didn't complain, so that was cool.  Everybody else got regular diner fare - grilled cheese and fries, or chicken fingers.  My sandwich was ok - it could have been fried a little longer, and the fries were old and dry.  This is definitely NOT what I expected, especially since I've been hearing the Melrose commercials for years.  Seriously, if you're looking for good diner food, just make your way over to Jersey and go to Mastoris, Penn Queen or the Golden Dawn.  *singing* "If you don't care, go  to Melrose."  Now you "know."Nothing better then the Melrose for breakfast. Food is always good and reasonably priced.ahhh smelly melrose....one of the pride of Ol South Philly....why? better than Oregon but not Penrose . I rarely eat at Melrose because the folks there are a little bit huffing and puffing they think youre a shadow on the wall, second the place has a distinctive smell to it maybe a little bit of Octogenarian Party when I came there. the Big up why I go there is....drum roll please.....BEST TAKE OUT FOR A WHOLE BUTTER CREME CAKE.....THIS WILL NEVER DISAPPOINT YOU. I cannot believe I am only the second guy to be hollering about this cake??  If you have an office Party and dont know what to take....skip the Acme Meat tray of processed meats go for the whole she bang of the buttercreme and believe me this is the life of your Pot Luck at the office.....Butter Creme Whole 14 bucksYou will sincerely thank me....i am not kiddingMy sons and I are becoming regulars there...great food, along with great service, If you're looking for great diner food, this is it. The menu is typical diner fare, but the dessert menu is where it's at. Check it out! Parking sucks sometimes though.Just had the worst experience. Our server and food were great. The manager was a complete crazy person. She was yelling at a new server while standing out our table, screaming "Jesus Christ" over and over. Also, the lady working the register was an uptight,crazy person. I wish I could give a negative review.I've only been there once recently but the food was good-old-fashioned greasy-spoon stuff and it definitely met all of my expectations. The service was friendly and we got our food quickly. I was impressed.I've always heard legendary stories about Melrose from my father, who claims he ate there for a month straight and gained 30 pounds back in the 70's,when he was a teenager. And when I was a kid it was pretty decent, too, and we went there for dinner a lot. But in the past year or two the place has become a complete dump.
First off, they got rid of the old booths. For those who never got to experience them, they were C shaped and divided in the middle so that if you were with a party of 2 or 3, you took up half the booth and another party of 2 or 3 took the other half. It was uncomfortable at times, I guess, but that was the charm of it. 
It seems that less than half of the servers currently employed are actually from South Philly. I'm sorry, but if I'm going to a South Philly diner I expect to be served by a cute middle aged lady who's been smoking since she was 12 and calls me a different pet name each time she comes to refill my coffee. Ok, maybe not all that, but I would at least like to hear the simultaneously nasal and guttural symphony that is the South Philly accent. I just can't take a waiter or waitress without an accent seriously! 
The food has also gotten progressively worse over the years. The salads used to be absolutely perfect: perfect size, perfect little bowls, perfect veggies, perfect seasonings. Now they're nothing special. And they used to give you the best little kaiser rolls while you waited for your salad, but the last couple times we went we had to ask the waitress a million times for a roll, and the had abandoned their delicious, warm little rolls that we always looked forward to every time we went. The quality of their steaks has also gone downhill. 
The only things they haven't completely ruined are the desserts. If you're going to waste any time at all in this dump, just get a banana cream pie or a butter cream cake at the take out counter. 
I'm pretty sure most native South Philadelphians have given up on Melrose at this point, unless they're drunk or one of the cute little old greazeballs that sit at the counter religiously every day. It's always full of hipsters and yuppies now anyway. Don't even bother with Melrose.It's beyond me how this place has been in business for so long. The food is way too over priced and can't be described as tasty by any stretch of the imagination. I frequently receive burnt food and everything that I've had has been bland, messy, etc. Their butter cream cake is the grossest cake that I have ever had. It was dry cake with butter for frosting. It tastes like pure butter! Disgusting,Been going here more often lately since my move back to lovely South Philadelphia. The service is WAY friendlier and the atmosphere seems different. Maybe they are under new management? Anyway, sat at the bar and booth at different visits. 
The food arrived QUICKLY. They seem to have plenty of cooks staffed. This is important since I tend to go to diners half starved and impatient. We ordered basic breakfast/brunch food: french toast, pancakes, home fries, scrambled eggs, etc. Everything was to my satisfaction and prompt. They kept my coffee coming. The food was tasty, no frills. 
Oh, and the butter cream layer cake is still super awesome.Shittiest place ever, even if you are drunk. The food is disgusting, veggies stewed in sugars, salt, and probably some left over juice that was found at the bottom of the can. French toast is gross and lacks any flavor besides, what tastes like, old eggs. The pancakes are bland. Turkey burger, burger, and anything else that they want to pretend is a sandwich are also all terrible. 
Maybe for those who want to pretend that there are people worth watching in a diner at the heart of the Ninth Circle of South Philly, fine, go for it, just be sure to take Virgil with you.
BTW, skip the dessert, the buttercream cake is nothing more than an outbreak of monkey say, monkey do, mass hysteria.
Comfort food?
Only if you find sitting on a toilet for a prolonged period of time comfortable.Our waitress was nice and quick but the food was just okay.  We had breakfast (eggs over medium, bagel w/ cream cheese & coffee for me - my beau - same eggs, scrapple and sausage).  Eggs, good, bagel okay - the scrapple got a thumbs down.  The best thing on my plate were the awesome shredded potatoes that came w/ my eggs.  Maybe the Melrose Diner my cousin RAVES about is the one at the other location?  Not impressed AT ALL!Wonderful place for a fantastic and cheep breakfast! The eggs are always perfectly cooked, the hash browns are crisp and well seasoned and the scrapple is AWESOME!!! Disco fries are also delicious.I find Melrose to be one of those places I go to because it's a block from where I live, not because it's good.  The service is alright, sometimes really good... sometimes really awful.  The food is mediocre at best.  People talk about how amazing their cake is but I think it's dry.  I favor their breakfast food and their open face turkey sandwich.  The seating is kinda weird but it gives the place character.  I don't love the Melrose but it's always there for me when I need it.Best Buttercream Cake on the planet. $27.00 for the 10inch Birthday sized cake was money well spent.Melrose offers simple diner food at normal prices- imagine that?! Seriously though, if you just want a normal breakfast and don't want to be charged an arm and a leg for it, go to Melrose! 
There's plenty of parking in the lot or the streets surrounding and now that they've remodeled the seating arrangements, there's no downside (the old seats were okay, but I like my privacy when I'm shoveling eggs and toast in my face). 
The service is quick and easy. The pies are tempting. The food has not disappointed me. What more can ya ask for in a diner?So I gave it another shot, wrong idea!!!! Unless you come with 20 people they could care less. You're a crappy diner in south philly, get over your bland food and crack head servers!!  Go to Oregon Diner it a hell of lot better diner!!!I ate breakfast at the Melrose diner this morning. It was awful. scrambeled eggs were runny and disgusting. Bacon was greasy as well as the homefries. It was truly the worst food ever. I remember the days when the Melrose was great. Ate there all the time. Those days are gone. I will never go back.OK. So. You won't be shot, you'll be saluted.
Baked goods get an A+ but lately (my last 4 visits--hey, I account for error) have been atrocious--from a late night (12:30 am) strung out (maybe? had to be..) waitress, to horrible (and cold) food..I'll be at the Penrose if you need me. 
NOW. The regular, old-school waitresses? They rock! Just go to hang out with them, but as Carrie said--not for the food..
Doesn't have that "flare" that it used to....Did you ever have a meal for which everything was just right?
We just had a very early breakfast at the Melrose. It was terrific.
Michael, our server, immediately rescued us with cups of coffee. We all had omelettes or french toast(s). 
At other diners, the home fries are large and largely tasteless, and usually most are left on the plate in the end. At the Melrose, the home fries were delicious shredded potatoes. Everyone finished their home fries. Tasty.
The omelettes were done just right, and the french toast was also tasty. The rye toast was generous pieces of rye bread toasted just right.
Michael was just an excellent server for the Melrose.
I hadn't been to the Melrose in a while, and it is encouraging to experience that it has stayed the course of being a great diner when other places have not. Thanks, Melrose.Wow. After 47yrs I finally made it to melrose. OMG the Greek omelet was amazing and carrot cake was wonderful and fresh. Just go and enjoy. You may see me going at the pies lolI went to Melrose Diner when I ventured off into South Philly. A friend raved about the establishment and I was not disappointed, to say the least. I am a big appetizer person, so I ordered the spinach dip and pizza fries. I have tried pizza fries from other locations, and this place, hands down, has the best! I also had the coconut cream pie, and it was delicious!We were 3 people. We all ordered different things and we are all sick from the food. Bad quality and bad tasting.  I will never go backCame here for lunch recently, and I had a chicken dish which was fine.  It had a little too much on the sauce covering the 3 chicken breasts, but the mushrooms and asparagus were well cooked.  
I think the way to go here is getting breakfast foods or the baked goods.
The waitress wanted to talk too much to us...look, I just wanted to eat.  I do not think there is anything special about this place to make anyone want to specifically come here even with the famous name and jingle.  It's just another diner.I am never not in the mood for Melrose. Typical diner food, open 24 hours. What's not to love?Great breakfast here.  Hashbrowns were crispy, pancakes were huge, eggs were fluffy and nicely done.  Service was prompt and friendly and food was brought to table piping hot.  Classic diner experience.i LOVE this diner. Not for the food, but for the DRAMA!! I used to live in South Philly as a teenager. Only a few blocks from the Melrose for a time, and used to see the craziest shit go down in this place in the wee hours of the morning. The Italians in this neighborhood are the most racist people I've ever experienced in my life, and they are not afraid to yell and say anything to anybody - especially those outside "their race". Well the waitresses are definately a relic of the old neighborhood - so much of that same mafia attitude they should have "MAFIA-OWNED" spinning around on a sign outside. (haha, someone described it as a dicey area--to say the least). In fact, the attitude inside (and outside) the Melrose is really a nutshell of the old-world nasty underbelly of Philadelphia - the burning hate and violent tendencies between different types of people that aren't always apparent to newcomers, and the serious resistance to evolving....especially intellectually--it's the mentality that made me want to leave 11 years ago. And although a lot of gentrification has happened since, so I hear, there's still that underbelly that will always make Philly Philly. The Melrose embodies that. And it's everything you'd expect from a mafia joint. The decor straight out of the 1950's, the waitresses have worked here since then too, and their hairstyles have not changed. But I don't know if they used those words back then cuz in the 90's they had the filthiest, loudest mouths I've ever seen used on customers. It was scary and funny to watch. I used to see some screaming matches go down here between young adults/teenagers coming back from the club  and staff screaming on them real tough (that was back when you could easily get into an underground club downtown when you were underage - I was like 15, 16 going...) when everyone would come to Melrose afterwards (or so it seemed when I was 15-17) . I've seen it all there - hookers and pimps, guys with the 3 and 4 chics they picked up at the club (all at once), ballers and ballerettes, guidos fighting anyone they didn't like, and most of all the old nasty waitresses curse about people or at people at the top of their lungs and kick them out in a way that made you shake like you'd just seen blood and gore. That place is a classic in my book. I remember the food being good, too, but it could just be nostalgia....I haven't been there in over a decade.
What is hilarious to me is the image of hipsters going there nowadays on expeditions. We didn't have hipsters when I lived in Philly. I was one of the artsy people, and yes there was an art scene, but not hipsters. And the yuppies stayed in the yuppie part of town, like Society Hill. I am trying to picture an interaction between those mafia waiters and some snot-nose hipster ordering an egg white omlette and a skim latte (something that I have ordered in NYC more than a few times, but wouldn't fucking dare order in Philly). I would love to be there to film that interaction, especially at the Melrose. But then again, I'm sure it would be ok in their book just as long as you aren't of another race.... yeah, it's that serious (or should I say, seriously fucked up)...or at least it was when I was a teenager there. Melrose 90210 it ain't.Melrose Diner has decent food at a fair price. It's typical diner fare and nothing to write home about, but it isn't bad. I didn't care for their banana creme pie, but I've had a lot of other stuff here that was OK. The staff is nice. I always come with my baby and they're always accomodating.
Four years ago I was looking out of Melrose's window at around 3 am and saw a guy put a gun to another guy's head in the middle of the street and lead him down a shadowy alley. I hope he survived. But that's neither here nor there. I of course called the police.
They get an extra star because it used to be my wife's grandfather's all-time favorite restaurant.
They lose a star because the diner smells like pee.The service and food were always good every time. Last time I was here was after the Phillies won the World Series and people were roaming Broad Street. My boy and I were too hungry to wait to walk back to our place to eat so we stopped in. The diner wasn't too busy, the patrons only went into a Phillies cheer once while we were there. We just sat at the counter and ordered cheeseburgers. I had medium rare and he wanted medium well. I thought the burger tasted closer to medium well than rare but it was tasty nonetheless. It was a nice sized burger, too. 
I've been here for breakfast, too. The food was fine, nothing to praise. We were sitting at the counter and there was a senior couple sitting across the way. The guy was super picky about his eggs and kept having it redone. 
Only complaint was that when we received our plates we couldn't tell which was which, the server just placed them in front of us. I mean, we were able to figure it out but it's just a little annoying. No big deal.
The parking lot in front of the restaurant is a tight pain in the ass and the metered parking outside of the restaurant are on just about all the time. They don't turn off on Sunday.Recently the owner of Melrose decided to go cheap on french fries and ketchup. Melrose now has the worst fries in the south philly area they taste like plastic and the ketchup looks brown and taste terrible and despite the numerous complaints from customer we are being told the owner does not care. Shame on the owner of Melrose