I've always wanted to try this place out. It always has a huge line. But it luckily moves fairly quickly.
We ordered the combo meal: sandwich paired with soup.
The Brielle sandwich was so gooey and melty packed with cheese & cranberry chutney. I liked the sweetness to every bite. It gives the sandwich a change in the usual cheesiness. Served warm, crunchy on the outside and smooth inside with a side of kettle potato chips.
The tomato soap was average. But it does cleanse the palate every so often midst the sandwich bites! I probably will opt out the soup next time.
Definitely a comfort / cheat day food. If you're a grilled cheese fan, you must try this place out for yourself!!Great grilled cheese and soup spot
Make there own cheeses
Skillfully crafted homeade potato chips
Mozzarella made on prem
30+ different kinds of olives and marinated veggies
Great spot in the reading terminalDelicious grilled cheese!! Took a while-- but they make everything to order!! Very heavy... but it's grilled cheese!! Could not be tastier, definitely satisfied my craving!Can you say "ArtisanGrilledCheeseOnCrack!?" A great find among a gross abundance of Reading Terminal Market eateries! We split the Highly recommended Valley Thunder: cheddar,brisket AND baked macaroni! YUM! Accoutrements incl hot tomato soup and Kale and Fennel cole slaw. Washed downwith, ypu guessed it, tap water. LOL.  Lunch for 2 for $15bucks. #BOOMVisited this place in November (2014) but realized I didn't write a review....I had the classic grilled cheese sandwich and it was very (very) good!  Bread had a nice crunch to it and it was super cheesy....I also enjoyed the rosemary chips they throw on the side. Definitely will go back and try another menu item.Awsome store everything maid in the store is maid at there own farms all  the food is great and the costumer service is great wish they more stores like this in the city. Highly recommend to anyone.Quick lunch here at Meltkraft. Picked the traditional grilled cheese and had them add carmelized onions, roasted tomato, and truffle oil. It was excellent. My husband had the Melter Skelter, which he liked except that the watercress was to stringy. The dill pickle chips were good too. I would definitely return for some more when back in the area.Haven't had grilled cheese in years. Boy was I glad I went back!   Melty cheese on crisp bread with flavored chips and tart pickled tomatoes.  YUMMmmmmm......Meltkraft!  This is one of the best additions to Reading Terminal Market.  We are locals who love to venture to Meltkraft to curb our grilled cheese craving.  Their selections bring the best of ingredients and flavors together with their delicious homemade cheese.  The results will beat any Philly cheesesteak in this city, hands down.  If you're in the area, it's worth the time to check them out!I ordered the Melter Skelter with caramelized onion (+$1.25) and garlic rub (+$0.85), and without jalape単o and picked green tomatoes. I substituted the roasted tomato for the pickled green tomatoes (no additional charge). I was so excited to taste raclette style cheese, and it was delicious! However, I was a little unsatisfied with the scarcity of caramelized onion in the sandwich.. I barely tasted any. The potato chips that come with the sandwich have a unique seasoning, kind of tastes like fennel / mild salt & vinegar. I also ordered the kale and fennel cole slaw- delicious and definitely a must try!Thanks to Yelp, I gave Meltkraft (Valley Shepherds Creamery) a shot. Glad I did. Excellent grilled cheese sandwich & soup. I got The Classic grilled cheese w/bacon (comes w/chips) and a small cup of roasted tomato soup. Even after the sandwich cooled, the cheese was gooey and stringy. Will return here on my next trip to Philly and The Reading Terminal Market.Whenever I'm in town, I make it a point to stop by Meltkraft to satisfy my craving for the good juicy melty goodness of their sandwiches. From the first bite - funky goodness of the gruyere, acidic crunch of the cornichon, the salty savory of the ham, and of course the soft buttery grilled panini bread... This place is a winner for anyone with an itch to scratch that can only be satisfied by cheesy sandwiches, whether it's a classic grilled cheese or something a little bit gourmet. *finger kisses* deliciosio! Will come back again and again and again and ... again.Was looking for a cheap spot for lunch when I was downtown, and this place was suggested. I am a big fan of grilled cheese sandwiches, so this place was hopefully up my alley. I got in a pretty lengthy line during the late afternoon. Luckily, the line was able to move fast! I decided to order a Valley of Thunder sandwich for 8.75 with chips. The sandwich was very cheesy, and I dug the shortrib. The chips were also a good side for a sandwich like this. This is definitely a good lunch spot if you don't mind being in the hectic spot of the Reading Terminal.I've been to specialty grilled cheese shops before but what stands out about MeltKraft is their emphasis on cheese. 
Their cheese comes from the Valley Shepard Farm. While I won't pretend to know more about this farm, I appreciate that the cheese is coming from one, fresh source and isn't just any random collaboration of cheeses from a distribution center. If you are not familiar with Reading Terminal Market, like myself, look up Valley Shepard Farm in the directory; you won't see a standalone listing for MeltKraft. 
The Sunday afternoon of my visit, there was no line and ordering was easy cheesy (like that sentence). I was able to order and get my Ave D. or Shepard's Classic within minutes of ordering. I also had to go with the tomato soup for dipping, and a sparkling lemonade. The staff was very friendly, and helped me with my qualifying parking validation ticket. 
The sandwich was all about the cheese. It was served a simple white bread that was panini pressed with a nice buttery toast to it. It was literally there to sandwich all of the gooey, cheesy goodness. I'm not sure what the exactly made up the three-cheese blend but it was good. The tomato soup was simply classic. Nothing fancy, but hit the spot. The kettle chips were a nice touch. I also split the Red White and Green with Michelle K. This one was mozzarella, spinach and tomato. If I thought mine was oozing in cheese, this one take the (cheese)cake. It was a battle for the mozzarella to stay put in the sandwich, but it was so worth it to hunt it down. 
Thanks for reading my super cheesy review about grilled cheese.I am an avid fan of tomato soup and grilled cheese. It is definitely one of my top 3 favorite meals. So when I found out Reading Terminal had a craft-grilled cheese shop, I knew I had to give it a try. They have many options to choose from and combos you can order. I ordered the classic grilled cheese with a side of their tomato-fennel soup. The grilled cheese was soooo cheesy, which I love and the tomato soup was good, but not the best tomato soup I've had. I would come back and try another grilled sandwich and maybe try out the tomato soup again.Should not be missed if you are at Reading Terminal Market!! I am in love with the Valley Thunder, which stretches the idea of a grilled cheese sandwich and makes it something even better. Do yourself a favor and try them outI loooove grilled cheese sandwiches and I really love Meltkraft.  Each sandwich comes out to perfect golden gooey perfection.  They are super quick.  For example, I needed to catch my train in less than 10 minutes. I proceeded to mention this before placing my order and the cashier says, "Oh, it'll definitely be ready in 2 minutes."  The cashiers and cooks at this location are always friendly.  The service is very quick.  Also, chips come with the sandwich in the same box.  The seasoning on the chips is really tasty (like a malty vinegar sour cream and onion combination of sorts).  Stop at this place when you are in the area.  You will not regret it!This is my favorite place to grab a bit at Reading Terminal.  I honestly make a beeline for it in the back of the market as soon as I arrive.  My favorite grilled cheese sandwich there is the Brielle, which is brie, cranberry chutney, car analyzed onions and pine nuts on brioche.  It comes with potato chips on the side.  It is so delicious!  I definitely recommend trying this place out.  And you can also get your parking validated if you park in the garage across the street and spend at least $10 at Reading.The valley thunder is the most amazing thing anyone has come up with... holly cow this place is unbelievably awesome. .. not to mention my favorite food is grilled cheese. They deserve an award for this place. The cashier was also hilarious.. very friendly staff.. the machines they make the grilled cheeses in are very neat too!The Shepherd Classic is my go to. Valley Thunder is awesome too but whew, it's a lot! I believe the chips are homemade, they're so good. They have a little bit of a salt & vinegar taste which I generally hate but it's pretty light so I actually like them.Kraft singles grilled cheese sandwiches were an instrumental part of my upbringing.  One could even say that I was raised by them.  While my palate has since been refined, there are some things that don't change.  Like a love of melted cheese.
The Brielle sandwich is melted brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onion perfection.  Great combo of sweet and savory that I'm sure would make 8-year-old Shauna endlessly proud of Shauna today.
If you aren't into melted cheese (who are you?!?), the Fresh Mozz is also an excellent choice.As a cheese/grilled cheese fan, I love their grilled cheese menu!  Tried the Valley Thunder (brisket), which was amazing. Will have to come back (as my diet allows) to try them all.Honestly, the fresh mozz sandwich is one of the reasons I can never leave Philly. I go there so often I'm pretty sure they recognize me.
Get the dill potato chips instead of regular kettle (if they have them) for maximum yum. Freshest mozzarella I've ever had, and most perfectly seasoned tomatoes on nice crusty bread.... dear god.
Also have had pretty delicious seasonal specials and the Brielle sandwich. Very tasty, but try the fresh mozz first! Only bad experience was when I ordered a sandwich with watercress on it having never tried watercress before, only to learn that I don't like it. That's my own fault though.
Heard they were opening up a Rittenhouse location and I really hope they do. All hail MeltkraftI was hungover after a night on the town. This was a great pick me up. I needed something significant and ended up getting the Valley Thunder. It was AWESOME. They also give you dill kettle cooked chips on the side. I got root beer as a drink and it was a great addition to the meal, plus free refills! I've been to reading terminal market countless times and I'm glad I finally gave these guys a try!I'm a huge fan of grilled cheese. It's something I never let go of after childhood. Cheesy, I know.
This place doesn't have the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had, but it's pretty close. My boyfriend and I ordered the valley thunder grilled in duck fat. The duck fat taste was pretty light, so I'm not entirely sure if I'd say it's worth it, but it's unique. I will give it that.So delicious, sandwich melted in my mouth. The staff was friendly and professional and gave great suggestions. The food was amazing and I can't wait to go back. The cheese was amazing and the blends were like no other I've had.Decent grilled cheese. Had the valley thunder with bacon. Honestly it didn't taste all that special, but was good for what it was. It was also super greasy as to be expected. 
Ordering online and picking up was a breeze. 
One point to note: There were super nice people working the counter. 
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 4 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 5 Stars
Wait Time = 4 StarsGrilled cheeses made by the creamery that owns the shop. I had the Valley Thunder - 12 month aged cheddar with brisket and homemade Mac & Cheese. It was fantastic!Heard so much about this place and was glad to finally be able to try it for lunch.
We got 3 sandwiches for takeout, I called ahead and the food was ready by the time I walked over (15 minutes).
Checkout was quick and easy, although there was a 5 person line for sandwiches.  Left for sandwiches, right for the cheese.
The menu was extensive and had a wide range of meat/cheese options.  I got the brisket grilled cheese with a 12oz tomato soup.
The sandwich was very tasty, the meat was grilled to perfection and there was lots of cheese which is great.  However, the sandwich itself was pretty small for almost $9!  It was grilled with a panini press so that may explain the smaller than expected height of the sandwich.  In addition, the food was very greasy so make sure you're not eating in front of your computer or something valuable.
The sandwich came with some home made chips that were 5/5, crispy and just the right amount of salt.
My 12 oz tomato soup was $4 and it was very good, but nothing that special.  It is comparable to the Trader Joe's soup in the carton.
Overall, I'm very glad to have tried this place, but for the price ($13 for sandwich, 12oz soup), I expected more food and slightly higher quality.  
If I was spending $10 on a sandwich, I would probably go down the aisle and goto Salumeria's for some fresh hoagies with great cheese and meats but you get much more food and customizationsthis. shit. is. AMAZING. i usually get the classic (im a vegetarian who hates tomatoes. yes my life sucks) and the cheese is just so damn flavorful!!!! i could just eat a bowl of this cheese. 
i'd appreciate if there were some other side option instead of chips, cause i never eat the chips. i can't think of what would go well with grilled cheese though.... maybe just offer some different chip choices.
anyways, the classic - at about 7 bucks - is pretty much the cheapest lunch you'll get from a fast-casual place in philly, so its a good deal if you find it filling. (which i sometimes don't lol)The best cheese place with the best cheese men/women.  I just wish I had a wider breadth of cheese tastes for my cheese mouth.the girl working the register today appears to be in long need for some time off as you could totally feel her pent-up stress in her passive aggressive tone and snippyness...yelling names for pick-ups in other customers' faces, sarcastically directing people where to line up to order, and snidely telling me there are already napkins in the bag when i took a few....btw, there weren't ANY so i'm glad to have taken "extra". 
otherwise, my order was as expected but not exceptionally tasty...just ok...missing a lil something, mustard perhaps?I stopped in here for, what else, a grilled cheese.   I went with The Shepherd Classic, and while the ingredients appeared to be fairly fresh, I wasn't completely blown away.    The cheese was decent and the bread was ok.  The price was right, but that's about it.  
This is definitely on par with many of the other spots in the Reading Terminal Market, but it's probably not what I would go out of my way for the next time I go to RTM.
Price wise at $7, it was a little pricey for a plain grilled cheese, but I suppose you're paying for the quality ingredients?At first, my heart dropped, like Oh Emm Gee, there is a place solely dedicated to an all time American favorite, child hood favorite, when mom says make it your damn self, favorite "GRILLED CHEESE" say what??? Sidenote: Until I grew up I always called a Cheese Grill, idk why? Haha. I mean we had to do a double take, like what is this place?!!  Anyways, this place is super cute on the inside with pretty pictures of little farm animals, the counter is small and welcoming and right above you view the all glorious menu of grilled cheese sandwiches I never even knew existed. So....I ask, "what would you recommend", the Valley Thunder is the most requested this sandwich...come on man, valley thunder cheddar aged and beef brisket, so glad I rocket launched my diet out the window a few days prior, because I was going to destroy this grilled cheese. The sandwich was pretty good, here is what I like, the creaminess of the cheese, the sharpness, the presentation, the crusty on the outside chewy on the inside bread, it had all the classics. Here is what I would change: more brisket please, it was sooo covered in the cheese I barely noticed it was there.  :(, that bothered me just a little as I crammed the last piece down my throat, so I guess it wasn't too bad. The chips were the last thing I ate, just not my thing. If only.....if only, MeltKraft would open up shop in Anchorage, Alaska *hint *hint, that would make me very happy.Make sure to stop by MeltKraft next time you are at Reading Terminal Market, you will not be disappointed. Having already been a fan of Valley Shepard Creamery cheeses I was excited to see they would also be offering meals at their new outpost. My excitement grew when I read they would be willing to cook their sandwiches in duck fat! I went with the Avenue D which features 3 of the cheeses. The flavors are really interesting and it is not your typical grilled cheese. The duck fat takes it to another level. I didn't really like the chips it came with as they were all broken into small pieces. I went with the salt flavor. Perhaps I would enjoy the dill flavor better should it be available next time. They offer Boylan fountain sodas and sell them in normal sizes. All in all, I think this will be my new sandwich place when I am in the market.Delightful. Red white green was amazing. The thundervalley was okay but has an acidic aftertaste.Great grilled cheese! Got the Somerset (ham, gruyere cheese, jalapenos, mustard) and it was amazing. Need to try them all!People here...they know there cheese! My friends & I bought a variety of cheeses here because we feel in love watching a worker make some fresh mozzarella cheese. If you have any questions, GO TO GRANT! I have never met anyone so in love with their craft & it's so inspiring to see that. TEAM GRANT ALL THE WAY!!!One of the best grilled cheeses I've ever had. Absolutely melt in your mouth delicious. Anyone who's a fan of grilled cheese or sandwiches in general owes it to themselves to check this place out. All of their grilled cheeses are made with specialty or well aged cheeses not the stuff you're going to pick up in the dairy aisle of the grocery store and it definitely shows.One of my favorite places at Reading Terminal Market :-) 
They make their own cheese, and it's so gooey and delicious! I recommend the Hot Topic--although I didn't see it on the menu the second time I came here (it could be seasonal/special). 
I had the Valley Thunder and Toad in the Hole this time. Both were really good; however, I suggest adding jalapenos for an extra kick. It may be a little plainer without it. 
They also have special sodas, so it's not your plain old drink menu.Just go. Order anything and thank me later. Or thank them! Or the glorious cows that produced the melty goodness engulfing your taste buds.Arteries, schmarteries.  The melty cheesy goodness here is worth whatever damage it causes.
Avenue D with tomato.  Hot, melty, buttery deliciousness.  Oh baby.   Yes, I paid $9 for a grilled cheese, and I'd do it again.  In fact, I did do it again, 2 days later.  Bonus: The guys behind the counter were super nice and pretty funny.  
Also: they rotate the potato chip flavors daily.  The BBQ chips were just meh, but the dill chips were outstanding.
Minus 1 star because Reading Terminal Market is awash with tourists and homeless people and delivery guys and the occasional weird smell that distracts from the cheesy awesomeness you're trying to lose yourself in.
Still. I'll be back.YUM- hand-stretched mozz , jersey sun dried tomatoes and prosciutto- in the words of Ina Garten- "How bad can that be??"
Seriously, go here. You wont be disappointed!!!Sometimes, a sandwich is just a sandwich.  Sometimes, on the other hand, a sandwich is a religious experience.
I first had Meltkraft in June of last year.  It's a little tough for me to get to this location, but I happened to be within walking distance during a conference, so I stopped here for lunch.  I ordered the Fresh Mozz sandwich with fresh tomatoes instead of roasted ones.  The friendly food service employee informed me that I would lose a bit of flavor if I got fresh tomatoes, and asked whether I'd like to add garlic oil to that.  I said yes, and would you mind throwing a bit of basil on there, too?  It was no problem.  I can't remember what happened after that.  It all went so fast.  I took a bite of the sandwich, and I lost all touch with reality.
Today, I visited once more with a friend of mine.  I ordered the same thing as before.  Now, I remember it clear as day.  The way the bread crackled as I bit down.  The way the mozzarella pulled itself apart.  The shameful noise that escaped my mouth after that first bite.  About halfway through, I realized that there were tears on my face.  I'm pretty sure I said the shehecheyanu.
Oh, I think the people I went with each time enjoyed their food, too.  Whatever.
Please visit Meltkraft.I will first start by saying I absolutely hate the RTM. I hate how crowded it is, I hate that you cannot move,  I hate the RUDE tourist, and i hate that you cannot get a seat. I really was torn when i heard about MeltKraft because i LOVE grilled cheese so much more then i hate the RTM....I did some research before going like what door to go through to reach my destination quicker(11th & Filbert) if you are curious. I went with a friend so we ordered both the Somerset and the Melter Skelter and split them...They were both unbelievable good. They were soooo cheesy and yummy and very filling...The dill chips are da bomb...Although they certainly were not cheap for lunch it was a little over $10 for Sandwich and a water it was well worth it....Definitely a MUST if you are in the area. I cannot wait to go backMy GOD.
Okay, so Philly is known for the Philly Cheesesteak, and YES, I did try one, so you can't even knick me on that.. BUT. What it should be known for is literally the best grilled cheese I have ever had in my life.
It gets better. Let's discuss the details of this mighty sandwich, shall we? I got the "Red White and Green", which, in comparison to the details of the other sandwiches sounds plain, is in fact a trio of perfection. This sandwich had fresh mozzarella (That they spin daily. DAILY!), freshly grilled tomatoes (with garlic), and baby spinach. Repeat after me... PERFECTION.
Anyways, the sandwich is quick to be made, the ingredients are extremely fresh and have a wonderful taste, and the workers are friendly! What more can you ask for? 
C'est fantastique.I should have looked at Yelp before going here... I originally read abuot this in Philly Weekly and wanted to go there.  Stopped in and noticed there wasn't much of a wait at all but still busy for a Sunday afternoon.
Ordered the Valley Thunder based purely on the review in the article and my anticipation for an awesome, mind-blowing sandwich.  What we received was a really good grilled cheese with some unforgettable fillers.  The Valley Thunder, named so for one of their cheeses they produce at their farm, consists of the namesake cheese, brisket, mac n cheese and a slather of BBQ sauce, then griddled as every grilled cheese should, with butter.
The sandwich itself, texture and meltiness were perfect.  Cheese perfectly hot, the bread golden brown and the cheese was really amazing.  A bit pungeant, for those who like it that way (which I do) and very ooey-gooey.  The mac n cheese and brisket were just getting in the way.  Despite the attempt to add more flavor to the sandwich, I wouldn't have missed it without the rest.  The Valley Thunder cheese and the bread were a match made in heaven.  I did notice quite a few people ordering the Brielle, brie cheese, cranberry and onion. Next time.. I'm getting the Brielle.  Give it a shot, but stick with the items they know best.. the cheese.Best grilled cheese I've had in a long, long while!
I came here with a Meetup group for a day trip to Philly. I came here some months ago and it was a chilly, overcast day--perfect for grilled cheese. I got the Avenue D (their original) with bacon and tomato bisque (it totally completes the meal). OMG, it was so good and they make their own cheese! My sandwich was nice and gooey--as a real grilled cheese should be. The lady taking my order was super pleasant. Also, I wanted to get something to drink and I was going to get a ginger ale (I usually don't drink soda and when I do, I only drink ginger or cream soda--and I want the real stuff, not the corn syrup stuff). Well, they have the Boylan fountain drinks and I was debating between the ginger ale and cream soda (hard decision)--another employee overheard and suggested that I mix the two--smart choice, very good.
I'm so glad I stopped here for lunch--so good. There's a reason why the line was long (it moves fast, by the way).This spot inside of Reading Terminal was a new find for us. We gave it a whirl after the 2 places we wanted to try out were closed (check what's open on Sunday before going!). Either way, it was a good choice overall. We got a grilled cheese with truffle oil combo which came with a drink and chips. The chips were just okay but the grilled cheese was pretty delicious. A little on the greasy side and pretty heavy so I could recommend sharing with someone. I don't think I could've eaten the entire thing myself. I would return though.I love grilled cheese and I love spicy - needless to say, the melter skelter was right up my alley.  While one of my major pet peeves is the overuse of "fabulous" to describe seemingly non-fabulous normal items such as grilled cheese sandwiches... I have to break my own inane rules as that melter skelter is truly truly fabulous and something very special  - especially when you go all out and add the extra jalape単os!So I'm glad we gave this place another try. Since my review, I have been contacted by the manager of Meltkraft, Rebecca- who is very sweet and wanted me to give the place a second chance. She offered to treat myself and my partner to lunch, and today we took her up on that. We got there around lunchtime and it was packed, and I got a little nervous when I noticed the same cashier from my previous experience. But we saw Rebecca, and she took us around to the other side (and let us cut the whole line!) and took our order herself. We got two sandwiches, a side of soup and a small soda, and she told us to sample some cheeses while we waited. We talked to one of the cheese helpers (also a very nice person!) who knew very much about cheese and my partner got to nerd out a little bit with him about a specific cheese from Vermont that he likes. Rebecca was (again) apologetic and thanked us a lot for coming back...both sandwiches (the Fresh Mozz and Valley Thunder) were very good, and I really liked the soup! I see why my partner likes this place so much now, and overall I'm really happy that the management here cares about their customers (or at the very least, their yelp reviews!)I got the Somerset... Fresh gruyere cheese that is perfectly melted so that it's stringy, but not so melted that it's like liquid. The bread is grilled properly to a crisp and tasty, the bread perfectly grilled and flavorful ham that doesn't feel too fatty for what is a fantastically delicious grilled cheese. This place is a must if you like grilled cheese sandwiches!With a warmer weather like this, my coworkers and I decided to take a stroll to Reading Terminal and check out the new grilled cheese place. Their menu online looked promising and we were all excited to try it out. We walked around the market trying to find where it is located, but there wasn't any clear sign. Thanks to a person who works at the market we were able to find it towards the back of the market. It's close to Irvine Produce. 
I had a hard time deciding between the Brielle and Somerset. Per their recommendation, I got the Somerset with a small cup of fountain soda. It came with homemade potato chips. All together it cost me around 10 bucks. The sandwich was huge and definitely very filling for lunch. The bread they use is thick and tasty with the right amount of melted cheese in between. Being picky, I wish there were a little more of crunchiness from the bread and pickles. 
They don't just make grilled cheese sandwich there but also sell their cheese. I didn't get a chance to check that part out. Next time!Had dinner hear last night and it was so worth the wait. I had red, white and green (grilled cheese with tomato and spinach) add bacon. The cheese was so flavorful and fresh. The bread was perfect as well. Tons of different options here too, my daughter had a grilled cheese with homemade macaroni and cheese and brisket on it as well. Totally decadent. There was a long wait due to heavy crowds but totally worth it. The only negative was I wanted to buy a T-shirt and the only size they had in was small.It's unfortunate that the MeltKraft has an appellation triggering Kraft Dinners, Kraft Singles and Wonderbread. While processed cheese product is, in fact, one of my favorite food groups (movie theatre nacho cheese with jalapenos, anyone?) the idea of paying someone else to stick a couple squares of yellow-orange solidified, compressed chemical between two pieces of air-infused white bread-product is just unappealing. Fortunately for all non-lactose intolerant people, MeltKraft concoctions are a gogol superior to grilled cheese ordered at any other joint. 
The Valley Thunder is the most un-Kosher concoction you could probably indulge in - with silky smooth brisket stuffed between poignant cheddar cheese and mac and cheese, you'll have a slight heart attack after eating...but it will only be a slight one, so no worries. 
Unfortunately, the Thunder lacks lightening texture. To add an extra jolt of electricity, gently peel apart you sandwich and jam in a few potato chips and homemade catsup. Do this one bite at a time, and voila! You have a crunchy, creamy chewy 'wich that would make even the most aged Parmesan's melt. (Giggle.)I don't work too far away from the Reading Terminal. Saw reviews on MeltKraft from Yelp and decided to give it a go. 
It was a sort of quiet day at the Terminal and the line was non-existent at MeltKraft. 
I ordered the classic grilled cheese with the garlic spread and bacon. Got back to the office and was surprised by the size of the sandwich. 
Perfectly grilled and tastes great. Would highly recommend.3.5! Meltkraft definitely has great grilled cheese.
Their menu is always updated with specials and etc. If you go during lunch, the line may be a bit long.
The Valley Thunder is ridiculous. Great brisket. I actually wish there was more cheese though.
I like the Somerset too. It had some nice flavors.
I think I may have over hyped myself up for this though. I wasn't wowed by the bread. Moreover, I  think grilled cheeses should have toasty bread that crunches when i bite into it.
I liked the small sides of chips. The tomato soup was okay.
This is great nostalgia with fancy cheese, but this isn't the best ever.Like everyone said, a little pricey but worth it!  The grilled cheese is the utmost "comfort food" kind of sandwich.  I got the melter skelter - even though there are jalapenos, don't expect it to be spicy.  The pickled greens added a nice texture crunch!  They served it with a side of plain kettle chips - so around 9$ for a quality sandwich and chips, not too bad for a lunch.  We were there early on Sunday morning so there were no lines, but I heard it can get crazy when you go around lunch time, so if you don't have time to wait in line - definitely go earlier.  I'll definitely be back to try a different sandwich!What are the crazy machines they make the grilled cheese in?!
So I usually don't love Texas toast because I believe bread is a plain vehicle to get delicious melty things into my mouth. In this case, however, the fillings in between the bread is so good, plentiful, rich, etc, that the thick bread is actually a perfect medium to deliver the tasty cheese into your face.
I love the truffle shuffle and the melter skelter, but next time I'm definitely going melter again, MMMM!Friendly folks and good grilled cheese sandwiches.  Try the pulled pork on the King's Hawaiian Roll.Ooey gooey goodness is the best way to describe the grilled cheese at Meltkraft @ Reading Terminal Market. 
Based on a recommendation: Skip the Brie and Avenue D and go with the Truffle Shuffle Special since it's not always on the menu and apparently in high demand. I honestly wasn't crazy about the tomato soup, could have used some cream but hey it's all about the grilled cheese.
On Saturday during lunch I probably waited a total of 20min which wasn't too bad.Fantastic gourmet grilled cheeses. The staff is wonderful - will answer questions as help you to create the best sandwich! I got the Tewksbury and added garlic - delicious! Thick white bread hold in all the goodness and it comes to you bubbling hot. The extras - chips, sodas, cheeses, etc - all have their own twist. A must stop in the Reading Market!!
I grew up in Philadelphia and moved away, but the Reading Terminal Market is always a stop when I am visiting and Melt Kraft will be my number one venue there!enjoyed meltkraft for lunch today with a friend. i had the avenue d classic, with valley shepherd tewksbury, valley thunder, and melter skelter. upgraded to add tomato and rub the bread with garlic. my friend had the brielle with chicken add-in.
while the sandwich was good, i thought it was a bit uninteresting and don't know that i'll be back (maybe missing a sprinkle of salt to clarify the flavors? maybe too much oil muffling the beauty of the cheeses?). with a small boylan's soda (99 cents), it was $10.21, which seemed like a lot. i guess i am not wild about it because i resent boring base sandwiches that necessitate upgrade and are still lacking something when upgraded. i couldn't taste the rubbed garlic at all in my sandwich, i wouldn't recommend spending 75 cents for that. the service was good and the packaging of the sandwiches was really well done.
i really wanted to like meltkraft, and i loved the chips that came with my sandwich (i asked for dill pickle but they didn't have them in stock, though the sea salt were incredible in their clean potatoey way), but my sandwich didn't make me want to go back soon. my friend's sandwich had some very tender & lovely chicken, and was tasty but didn't knock my socks off. definitely worth trying this stand in reading terminal, but i'd suggest the more powerfully flavored sandwiches like the brielle or somerset.I like reading market ans i love meltkraft. It is a really good place to eat cheeses sandwichs. People are very nice and warn welcome.I stopped here almost by accident. I was attending a meeting at one of the hotels adjacent to the market and wanted a snack. What could be better than a quick grilled cheese with some chips? I decided to try the 'Valley Thunder' which is cheese, brisket, and mac & cheese. It was melty awesomeness. My friend had the Avenue D with tomatoes - she was equally impressed. This was good enough to return the next day. It was just as good - if not better the second day. I could easily have come back a few more times if my trip was longer. Some of the variants you can choose to the standard sandwiches are tomatoes, bacon, fried in bacon or duck fat just to name a few. The staff are quirky, friendly, and knowledgeable. The cheese is really good on its own too. If you're in or near the market and looking for a quick and tasty lunch - this is the place.BEST DARN GRILLED CHEESE EVER!
The Melter Skelter...
Thick white bread, slathered with butter and drizzled with garlic oil, loaded with Valley Shepherd "Melter Skelter," a Raclette style cheese, pickled green tomatoes, jalape単o, BBQ potato chips (Yes, inside the sandwich!) and watercress.
Whomever thought up this bad boy is a GENIUS! The bbq chips turn into something like bbq mashed potatoes because of the super high temperature they put this piece of art through on a glass bottom Electrolux sandwich press. It's served with your choice of sea salt or dill pickle flavored chips.
A fact that makes this place even cooler, is they use as many of the ingredients as they can from within Reading Terminal Market. 
The guys and gals behind the counter are also uber cool. One guy, Zeke, was exceptionally friendly and held up a good conversation about Philly as I awaited my Melter Skelter.
Do NOT miss this place!The somerset was amazing!! The chips that come with the sandwiches are well done and crispy just the way I like it. Excited to come back and explore rest of the menu!!So good! I had the Brielle and it was delicious. A bit of a wait for your food, but it's worth it. Only trouble is finding a spot to sit in the market. Haha.I got a ham and mozzarella grilled cheese and the mozzarella in it was wonderful. If you're in the mood for grilled cheese you can't go wrong with them.One of my favorite lunch places.  These grilled cheeses are decadent and heavy, but thoroughly delicious.This is a fantastic concept and well executed.  The cashier was friendly and the sandwich was good.  I had the Valley Thunder sandwich.  Not the best cheddar I have had but it was decent.  I will definitely go back.Trying this place for the first time on my trip to philly. This place not only makes cheese from scratch, but also grilled cheese sandwiches on artisan style breads  Trying the valley thunder which is grilled cheese with beef brisket,mac and cheese and a option to have Bacon on the sandwich. it is also served with a side of kettle potato chips it was delish!!! everything worked well and together I highly reccommend everyone to check this place out at the reading terminal market its a nice break from the conventinal cheesesteak sandwich this city is well known for.Combo this madness - you'll leave full and satisfied! Cheese for days, accompanied by some hardy tomato soup. Don't forget your birch beer!
Staff is kind and patient. Good folks serving great food! Highly recommend.Hands down, the best grilled cheese sandwich I have ever enjoyed.  I had the classic, with added bacon.  Ooey, cheesy, buttery flavorful goodness.  The wait was minimal and the cheery, friendly girl who took my order was a delight.  I'm going back for the green, white and red.  And taking cheese home with me.I can't even explain how much I had been anticipating trying this place, and when I finally had the opportunity to at Reading Terminal Market, I could barely contain myself. A friend and I couldn't decide on just 1 sandwich to split so we decided to get 2 and split them-- we opted for the Brielle (because brie is my hands down favorite cheese) as well as the seasonal special R.W.G. (red white and green; fresh mozzarella, tomato and spinach). 
Both sandwiches were EXCELLENT but so, so heavy. 1 sandwich for the both of us would have been perfect because the cheesiness gets to be so much (but who would want it any other way?) You know you're eating a gem grilled cheese sandwich when, at the end of your sandwich, your hands are dripping in oil and there is extra cheese that has oozed out of your sandwich with each and every bite you took.
The Brielle definitely stunned me more than the R.W.G. The brie cheese coupled with the chutney and the cranberries made for a sweet treat. The R.W.G. was a little on the bland side, but the fresh mozz was incredible.
The sandwiches are a tad on the pricey side but you really pay for the experience of ultimate cheese. I could practically feel my arteries getting clogged as I continued om nomming on my grilled cheeses, but I couldn't stop. 
They really are magical!Best grilled cheese that I've had. The menu isn't super extensive, which is totally fine, and they have a few vegetarian options so I went with the brielle and got the slaw.
The grilled cheese is made with Texas toast (at least it looked/tasted like it) so the bread was on point and it was filled with brie, cranberry chutney and grilled onions. OMG it was freaking amazing and my meat eater husband couldn't stop taking bites of it. Sandwich comes with chips that were good but nothing special and I got a side of the kale and fennel slaw which was light, tasty and a perfect compliment to the grilled cheese.Probably the BEST tomato soup I have ever had in my life!!! Oh and the grilled cheese was to die for also  go her and great healthy soda selections too ... Parking sucks downtown but if ur in the area give this spot a try! Quick too!!New favorite vendor in the good ol' Reading Terminal Market! I tried the Somerset for the first time today, which is a grilled cheese with gruyere, whole grain mustard, ham and cornichons. Holyyyyy hell this was a tasty sandwich, even at 9am (fatass alert). The chips that come with the sandwich were really good too, all vinegary and crispy. Mmmm. Can't wait to try the other sammys!I arrived for a lunch at this wonderful Reading Terminal location.
Tucked away in a corner is this awesome purveyor of cheese and of course, grilled cheese sand which. 
I may be at a disadvantage in reviewing this. As I ordered a to go and it was 10 minutes before I was able to get a bite into it. 
It was a plain grilled cheese. It came with potato chips. 
The cheese was a wonderful garlic infused flavor. It was thick and stringy. The bread a little greasy, but it was still an awesome grilled cheese. 
The staff were very friendly and helpful, quick to take the order and get you what you need.
I will go back soon.So good! Get the Brielle, you will not regret it!! Seriously though, if you want a fancy grilled cheese this is the place to go.At the world famous Reading Terminal. Wanted to try Meltkraft  in Park Slope but haven't yet. If u are in the mood for ooey gooey melted cheese sandwiches this is ur place. They have a wide selection of grilled and not grilled. 
The famous Melter Skelter uses Raclette cheese aged 3 months served with pickled green tomatoes, jalape単o and BBQ potato chips.
We opted for the Fresh Mozzarella which was stuffed with 3 big hunks of fresh mozzarella and delicious tomatoes.  All sandwiches come with Covered Bridge Kettle Chips. As you can see from my pic the sandwich comes in a takeaway box. Our server Kate was super friendly.
Meltkraft uses cheeses from Valley Shepherd Creamery uses European traditional methods to produce many cheeses.
I highly recommend eating at Meltkraft: fresh and delicious!This Potemkin Village of cheese is the type of place that makes me dubious of using reviews when I travel.  Five stars should mean outrageously good, like slap a moose in the face good.  And since grilled cheese is hardly ever bad,  the previous reviewers speak as if its worth a chance taunting a moose to get one of these sandwiches.  It's not.  Melt Kraft is more like fight a baby good.  Easy and uninspired.
When you look at the pictures of the Valley Thunder you see big, juicy chunks of briskett ensconced in rubbery mounds of cheese.  What you get are thin tasteless strips.  Thin tasteless strips of briskett are called Deitz and Watson roast beef and they aren't worth 8 bucks a pair.
What makes it worse is that there are so many better options in the market.  Choosing Melt Kraft at Reading Terminal is like actually choosing Camilla over Princess Di.  If circumstances are such that you end up with Camilla, it could be worse but no one should consciously choose it.
I don't even know how to describe the hockey puck like disc of mac and cheese.  See photo.
At the end of the day, it's cheese melted on a panini press.  Tons of fat in sandy textured bread.  And the most memorable part......the ketchup flavored chips.  If you'te in the terminal get in line for the roast pork or pastrami.I absolutely love grilled cheese, so I was super excited when I found out about this place and read all the great reviews. I ended up getting the Brielle (brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onions, pine nuts) and adding bacon. The sandwich was good, but it didn't wow me. I've had better grilled cheeses at other places, and I expected it to be better at a dedicated grilled cheese place.I ordered the Brielle, the first time I ordered from a grilled cheese from Valley Shepherd Meltkraft. This was the best grilled cheese I've ever had. The Brie was perfectly melted. The bread was nicely buttered leading to a golden brown toast. The sandwich also had caramelized onions and dried cranberries which added a satisfying element of sweetness. Unfortunately, the fresh mozzarella wasn't ready at the time I visited, so that is why I suggested stopping by around noon or later. 
The second time I visited, I came at a later time and shared the Fresh Mozz and Valley Thunder. Both were great sandwiches. 
I would recommend the Brielle out of the three melts that I've tried so far.Very friendly staff. Everyone in my group ordered the Valley Thunder which was grilled cheese, brisket, and a layer of mac & cheese - food coma, here we come!
Came with choice of regular kettle chips or ketchup chips (giving you that tomato flavor). Some of us got the side of coleslaw...I'm not a coleslaw fan but this was made with Greek yogurt instead of mayo and was pretty good. A bit expensive for grilled cheese, but a tasty lunch nonetheless.Tried the red, white, and green; it was pretty delicious!  The stretchy mozzarella and tomato soup went together very well.  There was a bit of a wait time but not so much that it was outrageous.Maybe I just had unreasonably high expectations, but I wasn't blown away by my sandwich. I had the valley thunder, which sounded incredibly promising, but ended up falling short. I honestly couldn't taste the brisket, and though the Mac and cheese was good, it didn't have the wow factor I expected. Definitely want to give this place another chance though.Want a yummy sandwich with some homemade soup?? Then come here! A variety of grilled cheese sammies with a few different homemade soups...comfort food at its best!! All of the cheeses are great too, you can't go wrong!!After reading about the Valley Thunder, I felt obligated to give it a try. Who wouldn't want to try a grilled cheese sandwich which contains mac and cheese and beef brisket? The sandwich did not live up to its hype. There was way too much cheese, and not enough brisket. 
But, given the options within Reading Terminal, this place is definitely worth trying out.We tried MeltKraft and found it to be good, albeit not much better than what I do at home with some exotic cheeses from Downtown Cheese or DiBruno's and some nice bread from Metropolitan Bakery. 
The employees are super nice at MeltKraft and the sandwich was full of tasty cheese (we just ordered the basic version), although it was kind of greasy for my liking. Perhaps I will have to try the version with brisket next time...First time having a grilled cheese and I might have set the bar too high! I got the Brielle which has Brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onions and roasted pine nuts. It's the #1 favorite of the cashier who helped me. 
TIP: he suggested adding chicken, truffle oil, and roasted garlic. OMG so worth it! Brielle on steroid.
Everything about it was delicious. The bread they used has a little hint of sweetness, grilled to perfection with a buttery flavor. The cranberry chutney has real pieces of cranberries, adding a nice touch to the savory sandwich without overwhelming the main flavor of Brie. Combining with onions and pine nuts and you're in heaven. I wish I had one right now...
While I was waiting for my food, I saw them preparing the Valley Thunder sandwiches in bulk, probably for a catering order. Wow even looking at them being made me question my choice of Brielle haha. I honestly think you can't go wrong with any of the grilled cheese sandwiches here.
Staff was so genuinely friendly. Can't wait to come back!Pros: The food here is excellent! I ordered the Brielle and it was such a delicious combination of flavors. The chips were delicious too, and I'm not even really a huge fan of potato chips.
Cons: I waited about 10 minutes for my grilled cheese, which is kind of a long time but I understand there were other customers and it was lunch rush, so no biggy. I wish there was more of a variety of sandwiches. I feel like they could come up with a lot more combinations. Hopefully this will come in the future!Amazing. Food is the best quality every single time. I love how they change up their options but keep the classics. I went today with my best friend and the girl that worked at the counter, Kate, was so amazing. The nicest person ever. She was so informative and funny. Because of her delivering such a great experience today, i will be back a lot more often. A+.Killer grilled cheese!! So rich and tasty. We got a Brie, caramelized onions and cranberry sandwich. Made fresh and fast. Glad we split on, it was very cheesy! With all the nice options in reading terminal it's hard to decide, this place is worth it!Friend recommended this place to me, and I was honestly doubtful of how tasty a grilled cheese sandwich could be.. Meltkraft proved me wrong!  Something about it makes you want to keep eating!!  We had the one with cornichon pickles, gruyere cheese, mustard and ham.   YUM. Good balance of flavors.While the food was good, the wait was terrible. They have two "melt" machines to make every single sandwich.  I waited in line for 20 minutes to place my order, then another 10 to get the only "un melted" sandwich on the menu--the mozz and roasted tomatoes. 
It wasn't all bad, as the mozz is made fresh and was terrific. The wait; however, was not so terrific.valley thunder is an awesome idea, simply because it comes with two of my most favorite comfort food - mac & cheese and grilled cheese! it's worth waiting and paying for. i couldn't resist their home made tomato soup, but i thought it was a bit too sour for my taste.Meltkraft makes grilled cheese with cheese from the Valley Shepherd Creamery, but Meltkraft seems to do better in Philadelphia than in New York. As a cheese lover, when I saw the Grilled Cheese neon sign, and chalkboard menu, I had to give it a try. 
$8.50 Somerset gruyere (12-18 mon.), cured ham, cornichon pickles, whole grain mustard:
Such a good sandwich. The grill marks is a telltale sign of freshly toasted bread. The savory ham, tart corichons, and the grains of the mustard balanced out all the flavors. More importantly, the cheesiness is incredible. I wish I could show you the video of the pull of the gruyere. 
The sandwiches also come with chips, which I could take it or leave it. Still, good sandwich and prices are reasonable.DiNic's constantly slips my mind the second I walk into RTM, because I always come across something new and fun to eat here.
I wouldn't say this was a meal for me. I think I was expecting a monster of a sandwich that I wouldn't be able to finish. I had the sandwich with the brie, its name escapes me. Dispite my assessment of it not being much to eat, I didn't finish it because of its drippiness.
Even so, I would say do stop by Valley Shepherd's Meltkraft - the quality of the ingredients is wonderful and the service is friendly, too. Fun, imaginative sandwiches are on the menu and they taste delicious. Also, they have cream soda.Ave d. Nice. Great chips too.
YO! ..............Don't burn your tongue--it's 
!!!!!!!!searing hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!............................. on awesome brioche.Everything was great minus the price.  This place is expensive!  But oh so good.  I had the brielle (brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onions and pine nuts; $7.50) and my niece had the kids grilled cheese (mozzarella and gouda i think).  We also shared the tomato soup.  I don't normally order tomato soup but i'm glad i did.  Oh and the chips were amazing (i guess calorie counting was thrown out the window that day). I think it was flavored with some herbs including rosemary?  I came here to try this place everyone's been raving and i'm glad i did.You ask "Is a grilled cheese really worth $8"
Answer "Yes!! you silly bitch"
Not only is Reading Terminal Market one of the most important sites in Philadelphia, MeltKraft is the destination within a destination. Their sandwiches have funny names, their employees are super personable and funny, they will give you a taste of any cheese, just ask.
We had the classic, it was flavorful and just enough grease. (**I imagine some of the other options are a tad greasier, order wisely based on your tastes, if you think pork and cheese is low grease and healthy option, you have other issues)
I really liked this place alot, I've visited the creamery in Long Valley, made some cheese, pet some goats; this is a great company and they do great things.Other than the corners of my bread being rock hard and stale on the corners, the Thunder Valley melt was delicious. I would have added bbq or hot sauce to the sandwich and a crisp dill pickle slice on the side. I also could have eaten two of these in one go. 
Fast and friendly service.I think I have a new favorite spot in the Market. Stopped by today to check out some of their local cheeses and couldn't help perusing their olive bar with tons of goodies. I thought the prices were VERY reasonable, considering the price I have paid a the other cheese places in the market. I ended up trying some of their garlic and pepper cheese--yumm-o. 
But what really blew me away was how friendly everyone was! The guy at the counter genuinely seemed like he loved being there and was loving life....it's definitely a motivation for me to come back and support the business. Got a menu to check out their sandwiches and I am trying to decide which one I am getting for lunch tomorrow!Fantastic grilled cheese sandwiches! Great location in the terminal. My son and I completely enjoyed the experience.Pretty good grilled cheese and decently filly. Anyone who is at least somewhat adventurous in their grilled cheese I'd suggest to try it.Had the brie, cranberry, and pine nut grilled cheese and was not disappointed.  Hard to make a bad grilled cheese but they know what they're doing here.If you like Brisket and Mac Cheese, you have to stop by this place and get a sandwich they call Valley Thunder. Imagine the best grilled cheese sandwich with briskjet on it. I am getting hungry just writing this review.YES YES YES!!!
This place is within Reading Terminal and has AWESOME grilled cheese sandwiches. 
While I am sure they will, they don't just use your normal American cheese but have a wide variety of cheeses and sandwich combinations to pick from. We stopped in just to do a "eat what you see" run though of the place and this was one of my favorite places we stopped at. The girl that worked there (Kat?!) knew her cheese and gave us some good recommendations. You can also buy some cheese to take back home (which we did) after finishing one of their amazing sandwiches. Worth a trip!For something outside of the normal Steak and Wiz craving.. They have a place called Melt Kraft inside the Reading Terminal Market. It's a place to go when you want a Grilled cheese fix.. I know.. I know.. Grilled cheese in Philly? Oh but let me tell you.. I have had the Tewksbury and Valley Thunder and all I can say is wow.. From the fresh cheeses to the meets inside.. Yum comes to mind..  
Oh and they serve Boylans on tap!!!!
Only downside.. It's the Reading Terminal Market..... Hard to find a good seat.. LOLI popped in for my last meal of my Philly trip. I ordered the Shephard Classic with bacon and tomatoes. It was yummy, cheesy goodness from the first bite to the last. Not to mention, the perfect way to end my trip. When done right, nothing tops a grilled cheese sandwich. NOTHING! MeltKraft is now my second must eat spot while in Philly.So when I did a recon of Reading Terminal Market Meltkraft caught my eye. When I returned my intention was to get an obligatory Cheesesteak. However as I say at the bar or a neighboring establishment I sad again drawn to the Melter Skelter. 
When I found out I could order a beer to enjoy in the common dining area I took the plunge. 
Hands down the best grilled cheese I've ever had. The Tackett cheese melts perfectly with great elasticity. The embedded jalape単o and pickled green tomatoes provide an interesting flavor and textural component. The crunchy grilled bread works perfectly. 
The store has a very wide selection of cheeses to take home and enjoy. Worth a visit if you are in the area.Ordered from meltcraft via 端bereats. I had the Brielle which consisted of Brie, cranberry, caramelized onions and pine nuts. I opted to add grilled chicken which is one of many add-ons that they have. Without the chicken I don't know if I would have enjoyed the sandwich at all because I feel it might of been too sweet with all of the cranberry and caramelized onion. The grilled chicken really helped balance out the savory-sweet ratio which made it delicious.Great service! The olive bar is awesome and we got some great sandwiches too. It was our first stop in Philly and we loved it. The employees were nice too!I got the Brielle based on other reviews I read and man oh man was it delicious!! I also got a ginger ale which was great. Their chips I felt were pretty meh and basically ignored them for the glorious buttery melty goodness that was the sandwich.Meltkraft is stupid for a number of reasons:
1) It took 45 minutes to make 3 grilled cheese sandwiches.
2) The grilled cheese is made with a combined grilling / microwaving press. Ever microwaved a grilled cheese sandwich? Very soggy.
3) The employees are very cool. They wear really cool hats.We waited in line for a grilled cheese melter skelter and chips.  Simple but tasty. the line was kind of long and there wasn't any waiting room. The line to buy straight up cheese was empty so we got a fresh moz ball. Really fresh! Staff was very friendly and helpful and knowledgeable.One of the best grilled cheese sandwiches that I've had in my life! It's a real gem in Reading Market.The grilled cheese here was very good. I had the Brielle: brie, cranberry chutney, carmelized onions, and pine nuts on brioche. Not amazing or life altering, but a really solid choice. I'd definitely go back and try some of the other options.Well I think I have officially tried all their sandwiches on the menu and I am a BIG fan of all of them. You seriously can't go wrong. I am so glad this place seems to be popular (as evidenced by the very long line at lunch). They have quickly become my favorite place in the market.  
And seriously....DILL PICKLE POTATO CHIPS? What angel sent from heaven created these things?! Ah-mazing.I got a Brielle (brie, cranberry chutney, Caramelized onion, toasted pine nuts) and was sadly disappointed especially with all the reviews I read prior to trying meltkraft. I am a HUGE grilled cheese fanatic and was very excited to try the pairing of some brie and cranberry, however I was disappointed with the lack of cranberry chutney and pine nuts. Yes, the brie should be the star of the show however i found it very heavy and overwhelming without a contrast element to the sandwich. With that being said I wish I was able to try the more classic grilled cheese instead.I really thought I would enjoy my experience here more than I actually did. I got the Brielle, which had the potential to be delicious. However the sandwich was just soo greasy it kind of took away from the flavor profile. There was also a relatively long wait for the sandwich, and it was more expensive than I could justify for a basic sandwich. However, I will say the brie cheese itself was delicious.Meltkraft makes the best grilled cheese I have ever had in my entire life. Sorry Mom!
It's called the Valley Thunder and if you're in Reading Terminal Market, you have no excuse not to get one.   Mac n' Cheese and Brisket pressed into this grilled cheese make the most delicious creation you can imagine.  And not to worry, eating a Valley thunder is somehow not as messy as I thought.  Everything is melted together and it's awesome!!Delicious Melter Skelter!! Loved the jalapenos, cheese. I recommend adding caramelized onions to enhance the flavor!  Long wait time - recommend getting drinks and desserts and then going back to pick-up the sandwich. The sandwiches are rich and heavy - highly recommend sharing with a friend or saving for another meal! :)I had the Somerset.....first time visiting....sandwich was delicious.....great potion and oooey gooey cheesy.  Only complaint is the chips that came as a side were the bottom of the bag and all crumbs.....Best grilled cheese I've ever had in my life! They have many different kinds of meats you can put inside (i went with bacon duh) and also several different rubs to cook it in.
Their tomato soup, you can tell was homemade as well 
strongly recommend if your in the mood for a grilled cheeseI'm so disappointed. I've been coming here ever since this place opened and I order the Brielle with no pine nuts due to an allergy. Today I was told that all the sandwiches are pre-assembled because they were busy and they would not make my sandwich, even though i informed them of my allergy. I've never been to a place that wouldn't accommodate due to food allergies. Very poor customer service in my opinion, especially for a regular. I will not be returning or recommending to friends, who often contact me about places to eat in the Reading Terminal because they know I'm there every day.On a late Sunday.. everyone was closed except meltkraft
I had a toad in the hole
It was very good...I would have it again.
It was hurried because they were closing...so it was probably better during the day
It was good but not as crazy good as some of the review s posted
A solid 3 starsWonderful experience. The cheese was hot and delicious. The bread crunchy. Service was friendly and helpful. All over great time.The brielle sandwich was absolutely delicious!  One of the best sandwiches I've ever had!  I'm vegetarian, but I imagine anyone would enjoy this sandwich.  It was so good I didn't even need to dip it into the tomato soup.  They both were great tasting on their own.  The service was quick even for a late night weekend.If you're a fan of grilled cheese sandwich, this is the place for you. They have a pretty good collection of cheese and other sandwiches as well.Best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had! I got the Valley Thunder (which has mac and cheese, brisket and cheddar) and it was sinfully good! Really satisfies a comfort-food craving. My friends got the Melter Skelter and really liked it too. The sandwiches come out piping hot and the cheese is melted to perfection. I love that all the cheeses are made in house. Everything tasted super freshOne of the best grilled cheeses on the planet!  While I settled for the basic original, there are some amazing types of sandwiches available.  You'll be addicted.  Tough to find in the madhouse of the Market, but worth the search.  Call them and they'll tell you where they are.Really enjoy the Valley thunder with Mac and cheese and beef brisket, and the Brielle with Brie and cranberries!  The dill pickle chips on the side are really yummy and go well with the sandwich.  
The sandwiches are fresh and you can order any of the cheeses from Valley Sheppard Creamery right next to the register.  There are so many unique options that you can't find anywhere else and the staff is warm and welcoming.  
Even with the busy location in the back of Reading Terminal market, the grilled cheeses come out in a timely fashion.  I will definitely be back soon due to the quality ingredients used to make these tasty creations!Pretty damn good if you ask me.
After a full day of site seeing in Philadelphia, I found myself famished since I had not eaten all day. I decided that the easiest, and most delicious, decision would be to head to Reading Terminal to find something to eat. I went on Saturday around 3:30pm and it was PACKED. I couldn't believe how busy it was. I tried to look around for something to eat, but it was so busy, and I was so hungry, I started to get a bit discouraged. But, suddenly, nestled toward of the back of Reading Terminal, I came upon Meltkraft. It was exactly what I wanted, and I wanted it now.
I was able to read the menu while in line and knew what I wanted once I read the counter. I ordered a Fresh Mozz with the added Proscuitto. Since my sandwich was not grilled it came out fairly quickly. Each bite I had was better than the last one. The sandwich hit the spot, and the chips on the side were also great.
I really enjoyed Meltkraft, and I'm happy I found it in my delirious state of hunger.In they're defense, they were extremely busy.  We waited about 45 minutes to order our food.  The grilled cheese sandwich we received were very good.  The reason I only gave three stars is because what we ordered is not what we received. My wife ordered the red white and green special without tomatoes, and I ordered the standard with mac & cheese. Her sandwich came with tomatoes she did not order, my sandwich did not come with the macaroni that I ordered and paid extra for.  The sandwich was very good and I loved the dill chips that came with the order.  The extremely long wait and the mess up in the order is why I gave it three starsI was so excited to find a grilled cheese stand in the Reading Terminal. Frankly because I love cheese. We had the valley melt with brisket and I was disappointed. I even had it grilled in bacon fat. While the cheese was excellent in texture the overall sandwich was bland and the bread was burnt. Not a great start to the Philly food crawl.I was so disappointed by this place.  I wanted to try a Valley Thunder without the brisket, because I'm a vegetarian, but was told I couldn't do that and had to order "something on the menu."  Nothing else really looked that good, so I tried to order just a plain "kid's" grilled cheese with cheddar cheese.  Despite this being on the menu, I was told I couldn't order this either, as they'd recently switched this to gouda cheese.  I'm not a huge gouda fan, so I asked if they could make me just a grilled cheese with just cheddar cheese.  No dice.  Like, really? I can understand if I was asking for a hugely complicated sandwich, but...it's a few pieces of cheese toasted between bread.  It literally doesn't get any simpler.  
So, to recap, 1) I tried to order a specialty sandwich without meat and was told to order something on the menu 2) I ordered something on the menu and was told they would not make that for me 3) I asked for the simplest thing I could think of and was told they would not make that either.  Guess they really didn't want my money?
The only thing I can think of is that they're afraid to make simpler sandwich because they don't really stand behind the ingredients in their sandwiches.  Of course people are going to rave about the Valley Thunder or whatever super-special sandwich they've cooked up--it's the only one on the market! You have nothing to compare it to! But if a place is really using quality ingredients, they should be able to cook up a knock-my-socks-off plain grilled cheese as well as a fantastic [insert specialty sandwich here].  It's a shame that they're not confident enough in their cheeses and bread to let them speak for themselves.While a pricey grilled cheese, it is WORTH it. I usually shy away from Reading Terminal because it's just a little far to walk for lunch from where I work, but I met up with a friend for lunch and this is his go-to spot. FOR A REASON. This was great. The staff is super friendly and the food is so good. I will definitely be going out of my way to come here again. I got the brielle sandwich, which is brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onions and pine nuts on brioche. It was so good. I definitely want to go back for that sandwich, but I want to try all their other sandwiches too!This place is really good....I mean really good.  Aside from great food, cool names on sandwiches, they also have some really friendly and interesting staff.  I love the Reading Terminal Market, however, some of the vendors come with an attitude of "we can treat you however we want....there's a reason we're here". 
We were talking to the employee that took our order, she told us a quick story of how she lived in Rome for a while and became a mozzarella nut.  She came back to Philly and tried the mozz at MeltKraft (which is advertised as being made fresh daily and never refrigerated).  She bought a pound and walked home a few blocks away...she and her boyfriend ate it all on the way home and had to come back for more.  When you can get an ambassador like this working for you...you've done a great job!
We split the Somerset, its made with Somerset gruyere (aged 12-18 months), cured ham, cornichon pickles and whole grain mustard.  Our new friend at MeltKraft said, would you like to add bacon....and as I was about to say yes, she said or have it cooked in bacon or duck fat.  Shut the front door....I wanted all three!  But I opted for duck fat.  The sandwich came up quickly we said our goodbyes and grabbed the first table we could find.
The sandwich was beautiful...like food artist beautiful.  Perfect grill marks and when you picked up half the cheese stretched as far as you could pull it.  The duck fat was used in moderation so the sandwich wasn't greasy at all.  The cornichons were a great idea and between those and the spicy "pops" of mustard seeds the sandwich had the perfect balance of savory and acid.  The cheese was unreal...slightly nutty and salty but melted beautifully.  
All in all a great place....I may return today, and tomorrow and the next day.....Best grilled cheese I've ever had. Friendly staff. I'll be back! (Apparently my review is too short but I think it's just fine, so I'm writing extra nonsense to make it go through).First of all Reading Terminal Market is a bit overwhelming on a weekend. With a family of four and all the choices at this market, it was no surprise that everyone wanted something different. So I wanted Meltkraft, to see what all the buzz was about. I waited in a very long line to place my order and the waited in a longer line to get my melted cheese sandwich. I ordered The Original and even though there was nothing wrong with it and it was cooked to perfection, I felt that I can make that at home as well. It didn't wow! me. If I ever go back and it's not the weekend and there's no line, I may order a different type of melted cheese sandwich.Great service,  a little bit pricey for a grilled cheese.
I loved the lil grill cheese for kids, and the classic with bacon. Dill fries were interesting but I actually like it,  pleasant surprise.
I was only disappointed in the valley thunder. It says cheddar  cheese, I called hunny so excited we decide to get it Yay! But we get it and that crap wasn't cheddar, hands down provolone aghhh one of my least favorite cheese. I SHOULD'VE said something but that's not me. I ate it anyway and split the classic with hubby.
I still recommend it as a go to if you're in the area and need something quick and classic.  With so many options this is  a safe one.Meltkraft is located in the Reading Terminal Market near the back. I saw that the Valley Thunder had made Buzzfeed's 11 best sandwiches in Philly and decided to give it a try. The rating was appropriate and Meltkraft is not as well known as some of the other places on that list. The valley thunder grilled cheese was nothing  like i have ever tasted before with aged cheddar cheese, brisket and baked mac and cheese. The bread was grilled well so that it was crispy but not burnt at all. It was a great sandwich and a great grilled cheese. Normally I think that a grilled cheese is not enough to fill me up but this one is worth a try.The staff was also very friendly as well and offered some good input on what I would like on the menu. The only problem about Meltkraft is that they do not have tap water and for some reason only have seltzer water.Everyone knows that grilled cheese is awesome, but I didn't know how awesome it could be until I found this place.
I've tried a bunch of their sandwiches, and they frequently have specials that rotate every few months or so. The Somerset and Melterskelter are both really good, and they used to have a special made with criminy mushrooms and walnuts that was amazing!
The chips they serve the sandwiches with are best when they're fresh, but can be cardboard-y when they're not, but the grilled cheese is so good I usually don't mind. I'd also recommend getting a side of tomato soup, it is simple, chunky, and goes amazingly well with their sandwiches.I've been a fan of their cheese for a year or so now and was excited when I first heard of Valley Shepherd opening up at Reading Terminal Market.  It occurred to me that the novelty alone was probably enough regardless of how good all of it turned out.
So, when i tried Meltcraft, their gourmet grilled cheese bar, I was beyond pleased with it.  After having 3 different artisan grilled cheeses it's safe to say I'm impressed with the quality.  Most trendy cafe's of course offer grilled cheese with a twist but rarely do they use cheeses of this quality.  It's great to get their homemade chips and ketchup along with it.  Also, it's hard to imagine a friendlier staff anywhere.  These people work hard for their money, it's clear.
Next time, Im gonna go all out and try one grilled with duck fat rather than just butter.  I think I deserve it :)The Classic Grilled cheese is seriously amazing.  It has ZERO bells and whistles but managed to blow my mind away; it is grilled cheese in its most purest form: melted cheese on bread. The sharpness of the cheese is medium-sharp.  If you want something more strong or less intense, just ask the incredibly friendly people that work there.
The Valley Thunder is opposite of the Classic in that it has extra bells and whistles but the same in that the flavor and quality is still amazing.  It has a freaking slices of brisket AND macaroni noodles.  When you bite into this grilled cheese you feel like you are eating comfort food at its finest.
They make all their cheese at their farm and they don't skimp out on quality.  They have a huge selection of cheese so if you were to attempt to make this at home, you could try, but you're better off just buying the actual grilled cheese here and then grabbing some cheese to go for an appetizer at a e.g. dinner party.
They also have the old school Boylans  cane sugar sodas in their soda machine.  It is so rare to find this anymore since Pepsi and Cola products have taken over.  I was so excited to see that they had this bottled rose lemonade.  I'm an absolute lover of rose lemonade and have never seen this anywhere else.Lets just say that I was less than excited about having jury duty this past Monday...until I realized that it was my perfect opportunity to try out MeltKraft at Reading Terminal Market. 
First off, the ladies behind the counter were really friendly. I was having a hard time deciding on my sandwich so I enlisted their help which lead me to the Melterskelter and I was not disappointed. Unfortunately, I can't remember the name of the cheese but it was super stringy and similar to a mild swiss...then it was also stuffed with pickled green tomatoes, jalapenos, watercress and BBQ potato chips. It was fantastic. Everything about this grilled cheese worked. It was even better dunked in their housemade ketchup and accompanied on the side with dill pickle chips. YUM.
I can't wait to get back and try the housemade mozzerella, the rest of their cheeses and grilled cheese sandwiches. What a great addition to Reading Terminal!Was in Philly for an exam and wanted to grab lunch. Ordered from here after seeing the great reviews. It's in a terminal/market place and it took me 20 mins of walking around in there before I finally found it. Even though I had ordered ahead, they only started making it after I showed up for pick up. Got 3 different orders to go, but by the time we started eating it (15 mins later in my hotel room), I have to say, we did not think it was worth all the trouble. Food was OK, but nothing special in our honest opinion.disappointed; Valley Thunder: pressed cardboard with a hint of cheese, macaroni, and beef brisket for a way overpriced $9.45I came here for lunch with some coworkers.  I ordered the Valley Thunder ($8.75)cheddar, Bubbe's brisket and baked macaroni & cheese.  While it sounded glorious, it was really just a heavy, greasy lunch.  The sandwich came with chips on the side.  
Messy sandwich resulted in messy hands.  Flavor was just okay.  It wouldn't be my go-to sandwich with all the choices at the Reading Terminal.So this should have been a first rate for me because I've eaten at Meltkraft several times. The one I visit is in the Reading Terminal, which is a tourist attraction and there is always a huge crowd. The huge crowds in the Terminal usually keep me out especially when I'm looking for lunch, but Meltkraft fortunately is at the far end of the Terminal and a few steps from an exit
The food: I am a classic kind of gurl, so I usually get a classic grilled cheese, which is grilled/pressed while present (usually call my order in to beat the crowd) to ensure the cheesy gooey-ness we all look for in a grilled cheese. They offer different oils to cook the grilled cheese in like duck fat, butter and bacon fat!!! I recently ordered butter, which was soooo yummy, reminding me of home. 
Meltkraft offers gourmet specialty sandwiches, I've tried a few on someone else's dime and was not disappointed, but I'll stick to my classic. 
I love the fact that the cheese is home made, it adds to the authenticity. 
They also offer tomatoes soup and slaw, all of which I've tried and I love. The tomato soup has fennel, which adds to the savoriness, trust me it's not your Campbells tomato soup. The slaw looks fresh and homemade, it too has specific taste, I enjoy it, no mayo, possibly a white sauce which is much lighter.
  Meltkraft is totally an updated version of the classic grilled cheese, it's totally grown up, but I've seen families make purchase too, so it also is kid approved.
The customer service is always friendly, engaging, no attitudes or short temper when I ask questions. The price is under $10 which is about right for Reading Terminal eats. No complaints here. Try it!!!!I came to the market with my sisters this past weekend. I had ordered a sandwich from another stand while my sisters ordered from Meltkraft. Let me just say I will be ordering from here again! My sister gave me a big piece and it was so delicious!! I hope to eat here again soon; in the meantime, the Brielle will be in my dreams!!I guess I arrived at a good time because the wait was minimal. This is not fast food, but it is worth the wait. I ordered the Brielle and took it back to work. It was still piping hot. Fresh ingredients in perfect proportion. This is an instant favorite and I absolutely will be a repeat customer.Had the Tomato, Moz, and prosciutto sandwich.  Unbelievably great.  I will definately be going back and trying everything else. A very nice size sandwich with some fresh potato chips.  Not crazy about the soda choices but the sandwiches more than make up.Fun lunch at Reading Terminal with Melt-Kraft. Multiple variations of grilled cheese-so hard to choose!Stopping here today was a bad bad bad idea for my future earnings...can I say that MeltKraft will more than likely be getting all of my money any time I am anywhere near Reading Terminal ?
Admittedly, I am a cheese lover but I, unfortunately, have never had Valley Shepherd cheeses before.  Until today. Ordered the Avenue D with tomato---figured I would start with the basic and work my way up from there if it was good.  And man oh man, it was.  It's a mix of 3 cheeses---rich, buttery, melted.  I bet it would have been even better had I not had to walk back to my office about 6 blocks away...it cooled off a little but the cheese was still a good consistency when I bit in. 
Was a little skeptical about the price (eventually, I decided that high quality cheese is worth it...cheese lovers might understand...the rest of you, get outta here!)  But I will say that it was well worth it---the high quality of the cheese is apparent, the service was friendly and fast.  And the sandwich was very filling---I would even venture that I can get full off just half of what I ordered. 
Quality, quantity, service- A+.This place has only been open for a week and I've already been twice.  Long story short......... It's really good.  
First of all, the mozzarella is like nothing you've ever had, because they hand-pull it in front of you.  The staff is really friendly and will spend a good 5 minutes chatting with you giving you samples of cheese they are working on.  They seem to take a lot of pride in everything they do because all of the cheese is made on-site by the people working there.
Plus, who doesn't like comfort food?  The one with brisket and mac and cheese inside is perhaps my favorite, I had it with duck fat instead of butter.  It really was not as gluttonous tasting as it sounds, just really flavorful.  They're not out to drown you in fat like some places.  But there are a few expletives I'd like to use to describe how good it was.
The only down side was it was fairly crowded when I went this weekend; however, it was probably because of the Phila. Auto Show.   There were a lot of suburbanites who seemed pretty confused by the prospect of leaving their homes and coming to a busy market.
Adding this place to my normal repertoire of Reading Terminal favorites.The folks at Valley Shepherd Creamery are rock star cheese mongers. There's no debate about that. They produce most of their cheese onsite, and with names like Carameaway, Gotogetagoat, and Blue Me Away, they certainly show a flair for the pizazz. It's probably the best place to grab artisan cheese by the pound in the market, so It only seems natural that they'd decide to bang out crazy grilled sandwiches to go along with it. 
Now I love grilled cheese (who doesn't?), but I think cheese looses the flavor complexities when it's melted down to a gooey state. I tried the Valley Thunder -- their 12-month aged cheddar -- before trying the grilled sandwich version. It was sharp, a little nutty, and slightly fruity. But none of that really comes out in the sandwich (with brisket and mac n' cheese). It just tasted like ... hot cheese. The Melter Skelter worked a little better since it's a Raclette-style cheese. I particularly liked the crunchy kick the pickled green tomatoes and jalape単os gave to the sandwich. One very small complaint: the menu made it seem like there's BBQ potato chips in the sandwich but instead we got regular potato chips on the side. BBQ chips in the sandwich sounded crazy, and I was really looking forward to it. 
I suppose if you're going to get a grilled cheese sandwich anywhere in the city then it makes sense to get it here -- the cheese is as fresh as it gets and you're supporting a great local business. But let's be frank: it's hard to f*ck up a grilled cheese. You can pay less and get a good grilled cheese anywhere. For the price I'd rather take home $8.50 worth of their cheese and enjoy it on its own.  
The Creamery itself? Five stars. Melt Kraft? Three or three-and-a-half.My friend and I realized we were hungry right as we were standing in front of Meltkraft, so naturally we ordered the Brielle grilled cheese and split it.
And yes, it was the best grilled cheese I've ever had.  I expected more cranberry chutney and was disapointed at first - until I had my first bite. Everything just flowed together so nicely.
The one negative was the potato chips --- wayy too salty.
I'll be back!These gooey cheesey sandwiches looked too good to resist. We split two of them- the Somerset was good in theory- loaded w/ gruyere, but not enough mustard or pickle to even notice. I liked the Melter Skelter more- the raclette cheese had a nice earthy flavor, though I wish there were a few more pickled tomatoes. Not bad a bad place to blow your diet. :-)Grilled cheese.
Let's all say it together.... 
Grilled Cheeeesssee.
Is there anything better than a delicious grilled cheese sandwich? Anything better for the soul?  I think not. And apparently, Meltkraft agrees with me.
They offer a truly admirable variety of what you would assume is a one trick pony. They use their fresh, locally made cheeses and throw in some amazing ingredients to fancy it up, all to great effect.
I had the Brielle. It was Brie, cranberry chutney, and caramelized onions on perfectly buttered and toasted bread. It felt risky, but my god the payoff was worth it. I will 100% be attempting to recreate this in my house.
If you are a fan of grilled cheese (and really, who isn't?), you will love Meltkraft. So stop reading this, go eat some delicious cheese on some delicious bread and love life the way it was meant to be loved!Amazing sandwich - I had the mozzarella with roasted tomato and prosciutto - the fresh cheese is out of this world. There are a lot of choices in the market but this is a slam dunk. Kate was very friendly taking my order too even though they were very busy.As I was considering my usual options on a RTM run, I walked passed this unusual new kid on the block. The extensive olive bar heaven first caught my eye...then the woman behind the glass windows making fresh cheese. I know, you're thinking...great, another cheese joint in RTM. Well, this isn't your Grandma's cheese place (if it is, I'm very sorry for offending your Grandmother). 
The mozzarella is made fresh on the premises, the breads are fresh, crusty and delicious, and they source most of their ingredients straight from other places in the market. I decided on their Classic Mozz (FRESH AS SH*T mozzarella, roasted tomatoes, and I opted in for sopressata served on a delicious baguette). It came with some delightful, perfectly cooked, dill-kissed-magic potato chips. The sandwich was amazing. Great flavors, fresh ingredients, and left us completely satiated. Some people sitting next to us even asked where we got our sandwiches and we recommended them right away.
I've read others had long waits, but I did not run into that problem. The sandwich was ready in minutes (room temp. so no toasting), and the service was excellent; the people who helped us were super friendly. I'm eager to make my way back to try some of their other mouth watering offerings. I got my eye on the Brielle (Brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onions and pine nuts)!
Not everything at RTM is excellent, but MeltKraft is a welcomed newcomer and I think business will be booming good long while. They will certainly be seeing my business again very soon.New one just opened up on S 17th across from the Westin. I was their third customer...yay! The Valley Thunder is the truth. Cheesy and so yum.Let me preface this review with the fact that I will be back and will try the classic sandwich on my next visit. 
So, I finally tried Melt Kraft for the first time, and like many others I tried the Valley Thunder. The promise of mac and cheese and brisket together on a grilled cheese made me more excited than anyone should probably get for food. The excitement was building while the three people in front of me asked about 20 questions before finally ordering. After I finally got to order, it was a good 10+ minute wait for my sandwich (it was a rainy Friday, so the Terminal was packed), so this is not the quickest thing to grab for lunch. 
When I finally got to try my sandwich back at my desk, I was not immediately sold from the first bite. There is no lack of cheese, but the mac and cheese was like cut into a slice and I didn't even notice it at first. The brisket has a hint of a bbq sauce or rub that I was not super happy about, but the sandwich got better as I ate. I was definitely hoping for a little bit more mac and cheese and tender brisket like they have at Hershel's. 
Bottom line: not the best thing I've ever eaten (especially for almost $10), but definitely not the worst. I will be back because everyone deserves a second chance, and I see something with bacon in my future.The easiest way to review this place is as follows:
Brielle sandwich - 5 out of 5
Valley thunder - 3 out of 5
Fennel tomato soup - 2 out of 5
Kale slaw - 1 out of 5 
The potato chips were excellent as well, and the soda was ok - they use local/specialty purveyors for these items so I can't count them.
I would like to come back and maybe do a create my own type deal.An update.  I was back there for another fabuloso brisket grilled cheese.  The Valley Shepard Creamery is actually another part of the same business.  The grilled cheese place has a different name, but they are in the same booth.  So good.  They give you a bag of chips with your sandwich.  I don't like chips, so it would be cool if they offered an alternative.  Maybe like a hunk of cheese on the side or something. :-)3.5 er. 
decent sandwiches. cheeses to go are better i'd say, but not on the cheap side.
 i got my mom a cheese making kit for christmas this year so maybe i'll update after i 
see how that goes.
they have a Boylan fountain soda machine which is rare but i tell ya its not all that amazing. i think i may prefer the bottles with those flavors. 
i think i saw a lady making fresh mozzarella one time in the 50 times i prob walked by it so not sure if you have to keep to a schedule for that but i wouldnt plan my day around it anyways. 
solid choice in the terminal. you can definitely do better and definitely do worse.Haven't had a grilled cheese in YEARS, but after watching a movie with an amazing looking grilled cheese I decided I needed one. I dragged some friends here and had their classic sandwich and it was AMAZING. I will definitely be coming back here.A large stand against the east wall of Reading Terminal Market. A ton of in-house cheese options as well as sandwich and side options. I got the Shepherd Classic with bacon that came with a side of in-house potato chips. It was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had! Would definitely recommend this place out of all the other options in the Market.Best grilled cheese in Philly! And the cheese at the cheese counter is amazing... It can be daughting at first because there are so many different types and there is lots of jargon but the staff is so excited about cheese they are happy to help explain everything to you..... And there is this really cute girl that works there so there is that too.Soooooooooooooo good!
You MUST try the Tomato Fennel soup. Delicious. Chunky tomato soup with incredible deep flavor. 
The staff is super real, fun and polite.Not very impressed by these "gourmet" grilled cheese sandwiches. Got the valley thunder. Small amount of brisket, cheese was average, bread was ok. Overall, a bit overpriced.A great sandwich which was prepared promptly as ordered! No complaints. A def must visit of you are in to grilled cheese.I ordered the Classic grilled cheese with tomato to share with my husband for breakfast and it was by far THE BEST grilled cheese I have had in my entire 46 years on this planet. And the guys who were working the place? Super nice. Thanks for giving me just one more thing to love about my fabulous 6 hour visit to Philly. So very happy.Quite possibly the best grilled cheese I've ever had.  Try the Brielle - Brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onions and pine nuts.So delicious! Reading Terminal Market as a whole is where you wanna eat when touring downtown Philadelphia. So many things to try. Meltkraft was my absolute favorite. Had the "Red White and Green". AMAZING!!These people are heaven sent, and so is the cheese. I got some special creation with pulled pork, pineapple and the ooziest, gooiest cheese I've ever experienced on a grilled cheese. The dill potato chips and side of kale fennel slaw rounded it out nicely. This would be 5 star if not for the prices, but $14 for a glorified grilled cheese, slaw & a drink is a wee bit steep. But the amazing service and delectable food ensures that I will be back many, many times.Best grilled cheese I've ever had. I ordered the thunder something. Was $8.75, had brisket, cheddar and Mac n cheese. Amazing. Fresh cheeses and a great experience overall. Grilled perfectly and came with some chips.Had dinner here the first night of the conference
The good
Fresh cheeses
Friendly helpful staff
Great choices
Dill and vinegar chips
The ok
Bread a bit burned
Colleagues sandwich took almost twice as long
Great for a quick meal - to avoid crowds - don't go at traditional meal timesI've picked up grilled cheeses from here often and  they've never let me down! They are always reliable, delicious, and fresh. They feature their own cheeses from Valley Shepard creamery. I've had The Classic and the Valley Thunder. You can't go wrong with The Classic which has 3 different cheeses in it, and I usually add bacon and a few other things to mine. They have a large list of different add-ons such as chicken, tomatoes and garlic to name a few. The Valley Thunder is also quite delicious and has beef brisket and macaroni in it, it's very unique and I strongly recommend trying it! The sandwiches are large and oozing with warm melty cheese. They are always perfectly cooked with crispy, toasted outsides. They are also serves with a side of chips. And although, I've never had it here they do have tomato soup as most people like it with their grilled cheeses. You can eat it at one of the several seating areas inside Reading Terminal or take it to go. Service is fast, friendly and they can help make suggestions if you need help deciding (which you probably will)!Absolutely fantastic, how have I missed this pace?
I had the Valley Thunder which, make no mistake, is just a giant grilled cheese sandwich with a hint of meat, but it's probably the best grilled cheese I've ever had. The fact that all their cheese is self-made really brings some awesome flavor to the table. 
Their potato chips were also surprisingly delicious and I don't usually care for chips. Go figure. 
Will definitely return.My husband found this place on Yelp as we're trying to get to as many Reading Terminal places as possible.  Their place is huge.  They make their own cheese.
I had the brioche sandwich which was good, but so rich.  I'm not used to that much brioche all at once.  My husband had the fresh mozzarella sandwich which he loved.  The sandwiches come with chips.
Their unsweet tea is awesome!Not sure why people think this place is all so great. I make grilled cheese at home all the time and I gotta say I like mine better. This one was too dry and not cheesy enough. Maybe I should have added the duck fat. But for over $8 it should have been good enough without it. Next visit I will skip this one.I don't remember Meltkraft being here when I first visited Reading Terminal several years ago, but it's definitely a welcome addition to the market. Back at the opposite side of the 12th Street entrances (i.e. walk in from 12th Street and go straight to the back) and close to Arch, Meltkraft is part of Valley Shepherd Creamery, which makes some pretty solid cheeses (and does a bit of work on-site here as well). The ladies at the register were quite friendly and helpful in giving us advice on what to try. We ended up going with the Fresh Mozz, which, even though it's not grilled cheese, is still a phenomenal sandwich. Freshly-stretched mozzarella tastes really good with the Jersey tomatoes by itself, but definitely add the prosciutto - which adds a light meaty presence to the sandwich - and even more importantly, a dash of truffle oil, which really brings out the flavors of the whole sandwich along with its distinctive flavor. The baguette is fresh, so you're not stuck taking crunchy bites the whole time. The salt and vinegar chips served on the side are a good complement to the sandwich; they're lighter than your average chip, which is good considering you're eating a pretty thick sandwich.
While the price was a bit high - the sandwich itself came out to nearly $10, and the Fresh Mozz is relatively small (the two sandwich slices doesn't appear to take up an entire baguette) - it was really delicious. I'd definitely like to come back again and try out their grilled cheeses, which, at least on the menu, also look great. Highly recommended if you're hankering for a cheese-themed sandwich, grilled or otherwise!This place knows how to make a grilled cheese. The cheese is so fresh and filling. They grill them just right so that short extra time it takes to enter your stomach is totally worth it. If you're not from town, I would definitely recommend stopping by here for a quick bite. We got the Red, White, and Green which had Fresh Mozz, Tomato, and Spinach. Lovely!I had the brie, caramelized onions, and cranberry chutney sandwich and I loved every bite! I also tried the gruyere and ham and it was also worth the cost, 7$ each. It comes with house made chips. Wonderful.Meltkraft is tucked all the way in the back of Reading Terminal making it an off the beaten path destination at RTM. They recently(ish) opened up a 2nd location in Rittenhouse but I still love this location of Meltkraft. Grilled Cheese is always a safe bet (and way better than whatever the serve at DiNics). The line can get a little long but that's to be expected at RTM. 
I ordered their Pumpkin themed grilled cheese featuring pumpkin and pumpkin seeds which was on special. At first I thought it was going to be weird but I'm glad I went for it. The pumpkin seeds added a nice crunchy to the ooey gooeyness of the sandwich. I love that the grilled cheese comes with chips - it's the perfect compliment. 
If you can't find a seat in the crowded eating area, you could potentially walk and eat this but I wouldn't recommend that. I can't wait to come back and try more of their tasty sandwichs!The mozzarella sandwich with prosciutto was quite close to perfection although I thought the tomato soup was a bit boring. Super friendly service!Pretty straight forward - this place does grilled cheese and they do it very well. Killer bread and great ingredients. Greasy but damn good. Wish you got fries instead of chips but it's probably for the best...Gave the Valley Thunder a shot.. all around not the best not the worst.. it was tasty but far from wow factor.. just a lacking of not having enough of something in it.. overpowered by the actual cheese was a little bit of mac-cheese mixed in with the brisket.. I wouldn't go out of my way to get this sandwich again but I would try maybe another selection just to give them a 2nd shot.. Staff was nice and selection to price was decent..I was saving Meltkraft for my last day before leaving Philadelphia, after the great reviews, pics, and recommendations of local friends. The staff were friendly and prompt when helping me with the order. The sandwich itself is delicious - with cheese that pulls apart beautifully, thinly sliced brisket, and macaroni and cheese. I think they could have added a little more mac and cheese to make the sandwich just a touch thicker. The sandwich comes with crisp potato chips.
The one disappointment that sort of ruined it and made it 3 stars for me -- I found pieces of parchment paper grilled into the second half of the sandwich, and discovered it while biting into this delicious sandwich =(With so many choices in Reading Terminal Market it was difficult to decide what to get for lunch. Luckily it was later in the day so we were able to walk up and down the aisles without a crowd. I finally decided on a Grilled Cheese at Melt Kraft (and I was the only one from my family to do so). With so many offerings why "just grilled cheese"?
Well, of course I had done my research and had seen the excellent Yelp reviews. I did take one bite of Husband's Roast Pork Sandwich at De Nic's and hated it. But mainly, I desired a bit of simplicity. Although the grilled cheese sandwich I ordered was not entirely simple. I ordered the Brielle:  Pasteurized Brie, cranberry chutney, caramelized onion, and toasted pine nuts. The sandwich was very good. The bread was a bit greasy, but I guess that is to be expected. (Kind of like oily pizza?) The sweetness of the cranberries with the savory Brie was a winning flavor combination. I really did not taste the onions and pine nuts. 
At about 3pm there was no line at all and I got my sandwich in about 1 minute!  The counter person was very friendly. She described what the sandwiches were and helped me decide what to get. She even gave me some recommendations for sights around Philly. 
I know Philly is famous for cheesesteaks and roast pork sandwiches, but I'll take the grilled cheese over those any day!篋榊劫紊 絨ゅ倶donutsｅ 順筝紊у 筝菴臂篁桁 筝6篁ヤ弘6筝筝ｅ括donuts 綏у筝緇 区闈欠膤 援援紂ｅ渇初絽悟 順九筝ｻ膃筝ｅ渇緇 ∝絽御乗蒐 筝ｅ筝ｻ 紊у絅倶温堺 綛悟莇綣 篏隋絎紊篋 筝筝絨怨篋 綮肴綛喝幻狗翫ｻ 筝 篁ラ援ｅ
grilled cheese 怨紕篋榊絅初 bacon oilよ√薤 腆筝ゅ九遺紕 絎臂鐚
菴筝絽絽後ぇ 篁井育羂贋医馿 篋鋓怨 茣絅初 胼chinatown箙緇菴 罩ヨ絨沿遵My running partner has raved numerous times about Meltkraft so I decided to visit on a recent visit to Reading Terminal.  I will give a big thumbs up to the Rocky (spinach and tomato grilled cheese) but a big thumbs down to the Valley Thunder.  The brisket was not tasty and too chewy.  I was also expecting a larger selection of grilled cheese sandwiches but there were only 4 on the menu.Melter Skelter.
By far the best grilled cheese I have EVER experienced. I was looking for a quick snack to hold me over till I had a "real" meal and figured half a grilled cheese was the way to go. Little did I know, I was about to experience pure bliss. 
The sandwich had BBQ chips, pickled green tomatoes, jalape単o, and watercress in addition to the valley shepherd cheese and was served with chips and was beyond amazing. I would highly recommend this to anyone who even remotely likes cheese and flavor =).BEST GRILLED CHEESE EVER. yup. they have weird and interesting combos, but they know what they doing. good prices for the food as it is large and heavy. could only eat half the sandwich and the fresh chips they made. was upset when i left the sandwich in my sister fridge!Meltkraft was absolutely delicious! I love a good grilled cheese sandwich, its definitely one of my favorite comfort foods especially on a cold winter day. Just in my luck, this was a perfect day for a grilled cheese sandwich, why because it was a cold Saturday and I just happened to be in the Reading Terminal area. I called it divine timing for us to meet!
So I came to Meltkraft. I noticed the line was extra long, but it didn't bother me cause i wanted what I wanted and didn't mind waiting for it. The line ended up moving fast. I was greeted by a friendly cashier lady, and we had small conversation, while I ordered my food. I then waited for about 10 minutes for my food to be called.
I ordered the melter skelter cause I heard so much about raclette cheese and I wanted to experience it without waiting to travel to the New York restaurant. Soon as I tasted my sandwich I was in love! My sandwhich was ooey goey, buttery, it had the cheese pull and it was definitely comfort food on a cold winter day.
Overall Meltkraft, until we meet again, I'll definitely remember the vision and taste of your delicious grilled cheese sandwich!Delicious! A little pricey, but so yummy. Deff get the small size soup (it's totally shareable too) and try to stick with the more basic flavors. We tried some of the more complex ones and they weren't all that. I liked the Brielle and the Mozz/Tom ones. The Valley Thunder isn't worth buying. It's sounds like a lot but it's really not. Can't really notice the pasta in it. None the less, I will surely be back! 
P.s take your time eating! It's gone before you know it!