I hate to do this. I really do. But I can't sweep my last experiences under the rug, and chalk it up to "bad day". Last week, my husband and I drove by and he asked if I wanted to go in for dinner, and for the first time ever,  I said no.
One busy Saturday afternoon, my husband and I were absolutely starving, and all that could satisfy my hunger was a burger. Off to MT we went! We walked in and were pushed out of the dining room back into the bar by a surly man who told us to wait for a table. Ok, no problem, we can handle that, we just weren't sure where to go, since no one made an attempt to help us with a table, and we know you can't seat yourself. We have been here before, we know the drill. So we waited, and then were sat, and our waitress comes over about 10 minutes later, we knew everything we wanted: 2 beers, fried greenbeans app (we were curious about this one, since we haven't tried it before), a burger for me (ordered medium rare), and my husband got the port richmond platter. Our greenbeans never arrived, but our meals did. I was really disappointed that she forgot the beans, I really wanted to try them. But I brushed it off and moved on. We actually didn't bother to mention it to her, we didn't want her to feel bad. We decided to wait for the bill, and if it was on there, we would just ask her to take it off. Anyways, since I cannot stand a well done burger, I always check before taking a bite to make sure it is cooked properly. I cut into the burger and it was so well done that the meat was crumbling out of the bun. I called the waitress over and showed it to her and asked for another one. She agreed that it was well done, and said she would bring me a new one. 20 minutes later, my husband is finished his meal, our beers have been empty and at the edge of the table in hopes to be re-filled, and I still have no burger. The waitress comes over and asks "how is everything over here?" and I just looked back and said "still waiting". It took her a second, but she realized and ran back to the kitchen, but didn't return with food for another 5 minutes or so. My burger finally came out, and it was less cooked this time, still not med-rare, but edible as it was. So I decided to eat it. We didn't feel like doing another beer at this point so I asked for a water, and my husband got a soda. Now, when i was a bartender, a general rule of thumb was that when someone had been drinking beers, then ordered a soda, it was on the house. But the soda still ended up on the bill, along with the burger, but the greenbeans were absent. She came back over to pick up the bill and said "oh, i don't know why i put that soda on there, i will take that off" (we didn't promt her, she offered that up willingly). But still, shouldn't the burger have come off to? But alas, this had not been the first time my food was cooked improperly at MT, and it will not be the last.
In addition to this experience, my husband frequents this bar after work and on one occasion he came in and ordered the hanger steak medium. It came out rare. Long story short, he had to send it back twice, and it kept coming back rare. He finally told the bartender to just take that steak back and throw it on the grill, don't cook a new one. But they just couldn't get it right.
I really hate to see a good place go bad. But I feel like each time i go back, it gets worse. MT really needs to update their menu a little too, not a lot on her thrills me anymore and there are never any changes or specials. Also, why is there never any PBC beers on tap? The brewery is one minute away, why can't they have it on tap? I am looking forward to the hot dog cart this summer, though. Gourmet hot dogs and good beers. I will still frequent MT for this, but dinner in the dining room is going to be out for a little while.Memphis Taproom has delicious beer offerings, tasty food (the best wings in the city, hands down!), a comfortable neighborhood-friendly atmosphere, two of my favorite bartenders around (Jess and Julianna--those ladies are the shit!), and a sweet location (three blocks from my house which makes it easier to stumble home after consuming too many beverages).
This is the kind of place in which I can spend all day, 11AM to 8PM (or later!), from Bloody Marias (hey, I like tequila) and eggs at brunch to wings, steak and beer at dinner. Oh, wait! I've done that.
Seriously, the MT rules.Smoked coconut club.  Hands down one of the best things I've ever had. Highly recommend this spot to any vegans or vegetarians. Incredible beer selection as well and the service is always on point.We LOVE Memphis Taproom and can't say enough good things about it. It's our go to spot, and for good reason! They have an amazing beer selection along with the best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Their menu is wonderful and caters to all needs. I'm vegan, and it's a great place to go with my non vegan friends and family! Everyone is always happy. Their coconut club is to die for... I should keep track of how many times I've ordered it, but I'm thinking it's up around 20+ now. :)Consider this the six-day review..... for being open less than a week, Memphis Tap Room hit everything just the way the beerflies like it.  
The place was mad busy, Flyers on the TV in the bar keeping everyone riled up and yelling... we snagged the last table in the smallish dining room for four of us.  
All drafts are $4, which is a great deal.  I got a Poperings Hommelbier, a very hoppy Belgian, in the correct tulip-shaped glass.   Our server also recommended Cooper's Sparkling Ale, from Australia, which was super light but very flavorful.  
The food selection was great, we couldn't decide what to get so we got everything!   Wings- superlative; Port Richmond platter of kielbasa, pierogies and potato pancakes- delish, goat cheese salad with smoked walnuts- pretty good, but the smoked walnuts are weeeird.  Kind of like eating a tiny charcoal briquette.
Service was good even though they were slammed.  Definitely will return here to eat many times.   Good work dudes.This review is long overdue! I went here on Valentine's Day 2 years ago to have brunch with a friend. It was great! A woman who is normally a waitress was filling in for the bartender and she was wonderful! She kept us laughing the whole time and she was very personable. She was generous with the amount of alcohol going into a Vodka and Cranberry. The waiter who brought the food out to the bar was very polite. The food was excellent! The deep fried pickles are amazing! They have a lot of unique things on the menu. While this place might be located in New Kensington it is very classy without being too stuffy. The prices are reasonable. There is a very mixed crowed and the beer selection is amazing. I was very impressed at how well it is run, especially on a crowded Sunday holiday. We were never rushed to leave and the wait staff/bartenders seem to want you to come back. I felt extremely welcome here and want to compliment the owner and staff greatly! This is the nicest River Ward Bar/Restaurant in the area.Came here to try a vegetarian friendly restaurant for me with my meat-eater boyfriend. I ordered the tofu club and he got the chicken sandwich. The tofu club was divine and the fries were equally as satisfying. I've never had a vegetarian sandwich that tasted so good! My boyfriend also enjoyed his chicken sandwich. It's hard to find a place where we can both get something we both really like, so I was really pleased. We will definitely be returning.The Memphis Taproom is definitely a find for any beer lover. The first beer I had, was a Tired Hands + Memphis Taproom Collaboration Conciousness Streams IPA. This was a delicious blend of a fragrant, floral Saison with a just wonderful hit of hops at the end. Not overly hoppy or bitter as IPAs can be. It was a GREAT beer. The second beer, the St. Benjamin Liaison Saison, was a local brew that was a bit darker than a typical Saison, and not quite as flavorful, but still solid. The place is tiny, but attractive. Unfortunately, the outdoor beer garden was closed as it was a Wednesday night. For food, I had the Spaghetti Sandwich, a unique combo of Lentil Meatballs and Spaghetti on a nicely toasted grinder roll. I'd recommend it. The fries were also excellent, crispy and tasty. A slight drawback, if only for the inconvenience, is that parking was really difficult, as the bar is nestled among narrow streets with cars jammed tightly next to one another on the streets. Don't let that stop you from making it out to the Memphis Taproom, however, especially if you're a beer lover, like myself. Enjoy!I finally got down here as part of the English Premier League Season 2008 kick-off weekend promotion. This review is long overdue seeing as I requested The Alstrom Bros. add them to BeerAdvocate.com
The place is easy to get to from Exit 25 off I-95. It is in Kensington but straddles the border with Fishtown. Don't let the fact it is in Kenso keep you away. This side of Kenso never was that bad and if you want proof that the place is on the ascent...just look at the rent/mortgages on Realtor.com for the 19125 zip code. The website has directions and maps. Speaking of websites, it is a very detailed site. Whoever runs it does a great job because it is visually pleasing and it is just organized. The drafts and bottles are listed. 
The place has 11 taps including 1 handpump that featured Hop Wallop. The Bottle list is on the rightside of the bar; the Draft is to the left. Of course it has a full bar and a solid wine list. no its not Tria but it is beats out the likes of Monk's. Some of the drafts were: Walt Wit, Original Sin Cider, London's Pride, SN Anniversary Ale(but Southern Hemi was just behind it),Sly Fox Pikeland Pils, Ommegang Rare Vos, Stone Smoked Porter, Green Flash Hop Head Red Ale and Sly Fox Saison. Bottles were around 50 - 60 strong..running the gamet from Lionshead Light to Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier Marzen (smells like smoked bacon!). The only stinkers for the nonadventurous would be the High Life and Amstel Light. Drafts were all $4.
The service from Jessica was outstanding. Every thing I want out of a server. You can't miss her. She is a ginger and has many tattoos on her arms. Very attentive and knows her beers. She inspected each glass before using them. I mean she was holding them up to the light to ensure they didn't have a speck of hardwater stain! Plus she picked only good music off the bar's iPod. I never had to wait for her to ask me if I wanted another drink. She found time to chat. She even poured me an ounce of the aforementioned Rachbier from the wee bit that was lingering in an opened bottle. I think she knew the other punter rather well so it wasn't like she was just stiffing him on the last ounce.
The cost was descent. I got thre at 11:00 AM and didn't leave until 2:30. My Girlfriend and I ate and drank our faces off and the bill only came to $69.55! That's less than $20 an hour for pure utopia ($19.87 to be exact). Too bad my Manchester City (not UNITED!!!) club blew the match or else it would have been a perfect day.
Ohand the brunch menu rocked. It doesn't hurt to have a genuine Chef in your kitchen. What other Philly bar do you know that features Polish & Welsh cooking? My beef & onion pasties were great. Nothing frozen here folks. That pastry crust was light and flakey. My Girlfriend's eggs and hash were very good according to her....I have never eaten corned beef hash in my life. The coffee was solid and kept in a carafe as not to render the product ass-like from the heat and oxygen. Hey it was Sudnay at 11 AM and I needed to counter the beer. LOL. Shit even the water must have been filtered because I know Philly tap water's fine aroma all too well. Hey the little things do matter. Oh and the wings were done wel. The oil was peanut and it didn't taste like it was old oil. Plus the scallions were a nice addition as was the real blue cheese that seemed to have an added ingredient (Old bay?)...not sure but it was great. they were not greasy nor were they dripping in a hot sauce. Nice and crisp. Oh and I forgot the wasabi mayo that was under my Pasties was banging!
All I know is that Brendan is busting his ass to make this place awesome!!! That neighborhood deserve something this excellent. Kudos to Fishtown native Ken Correll and Nodding Head's Paula Decker for there $$$ in getting this place off to a great start. I have never seen a place get it so right out of the gate.
****BONUS:  there was no PBR to be found on the menu.  Thank God!****Great service, food is "okay".  I don't think I will return but great esthetics and friendly atmosphereSO MANY VEGAN OPTIONS! The spaghetti sandwich? HOLY best thing ever invented. Seriously. I could eat that every day. I'd be like 200 pounds, but whatever. Minus one star because of the location. Driving from Center City to here is kind of a drag, but definitely worth it for the menu. If this place was closer to me, I'd eat here way more often.I love this restaurant. When I used to live around the corner I would venture in there weekly. I miss the neighborhood strictly because I don't have the time to eat at Memphis tap as frequently now. I've always been more than pleased with the service as well as the food. They have a constantly rotating draft list, rather small but the beers they choose compliment their dishes very well. Even though they were graced with national recognition from the Food Network, I think this restaurant is one of Philadelphia's best kept secrets. If someone asks you where you wanna go for food, just go here. Every time. All the time. You guys at Memphis do a great job!OK the fish is back and is very good, thanks for listening. They also have a nice outside area under the big tent.  I like that they are open for lunch and the food here is good. I recommend this place, enjoy.I can't wait to go back!  I've been to local 44 and resurrection, but I finally made it out to the original and I loved it.  There were so many creative vegan options on the menu it was difficult to decide.  That's such a rare feeling for us veggies!  I got the coconut crusted tofu club and really enjoyed it.  The fries were great too, cooked just right.  My husband got the bbq seitan w/coleslaw sandwich and really enjoyed his too.  Of course it's nothing fancy, just bar food, but it's not too greasy like I found was always the case at local 44.  They have a unique veggie burger (quinoa and white bean) and a jackfruit cake (I don't think I've ever seen jackfruit on a menu anywhere) that I definitely want to give a try next time.  Now if only I can find someone to drive me here again because it's sooo far from west philly....
I should also mention we were a group of 10 and came in unannounced on a Friday night and they sat us right away and everything came out quickly and deliciously.  I thought the service was just right for the atmosphere.   And the beer drinkers in our group enjoyed their beers and I was happy that my glass of wine was only 5 bucks.  If I go again with the same experience it will definitely be 5 stars.Dark dark brown old oil fried fish and chips-Twice!! 
My time before last at Memphis Taproom I ordered fish and chips and the order came dark brown, like chocolate brown. I truly had never seen fried food so dark. I asked with the waitress before eating, "excuse me, is it supposed to look like this??" she said "oh yes, and I promise it is great". I look one bite and spit it out--it was old old dark oil fried fish. I sent it back and what I got back was beautiful light caramel beige brown delicious fish and chips. Two nights ago I got chili cheese fries to go (I know, I don't  usually order things like this I swear!!). Got home and it was the same thing with the fried, horrible, hard, dark brown fries. Could not eat them without risk of serious stomach issues. 
Memphis Taproom--Please change your oil!!!!!! Sincerely-MaryAnd the best fried pickles in the city goes to Memphis Taproom. Gone are the days of over-breaded pickle discs. Memphis Tap does it full spear style with a delicious batter. I could eat these every day and never get sick of them. 
I've been to Memphis Tap almost 10 times since moving to the neighborhood, and I've never had a bad dish. Besides the fried pickles, some of my favorite things on the menu include the slow roast pork sandwich (the sharp provolone really makes it), the keilbasy grinder, and the smoked coconut club is one of the best vegan sandwiches I've ever tried. 
While the inside of Memphis Taproom is super cozy and enjoyable, I am excited for warm weather to enjoy the outside area as well!!Had a great time tonight at Memphis. Got a couple jacks cider ales and chicken fried chicken. Food was amazing might have to make this a once a month thing. Server was nice and fairly speedy. My meal came with mac n cheese, cornbread, and spinach. Fried chicken with red mustard sauce was bangin. I would def recommend this spot. Good atmosphere not too loud or crazy. Just a chill spot for great food ill be back for sure.After my third visit to Memphis Taproom, I am officially hooked.
This is a quaint little place. I love that it's not too big and not too bright. It's almost like a cool little dive bar that only locals know about, only better. There is a nice bar in the front and tables in the back for lunch/dinner. It looks really small, but I've never had any problems getting a table right away here- the last time I was with a party of 7 and we were seated right away, at 9 o'clock on a Friday!
My favorite part of MTR is the staff. They are so knowledgeable about the beer list and are always eager to make recommendations based on your tastes. I've had some of the best beers of my life just by letting our server pick my beer for me. They have great beers on tap, but I prefer to go for some of the more obscure imported bottles they have.
Now, the food. OMG THE FOOD. First of all, I am obsessed with their wings. I fancy myself something of an authority on wings, and I'll tell you that these are some of the best. They're pilsner-brined, so they come out extra plump and juicy. They're always perfectly cooked and the sauce is really good too. I could stand it to be a little hotter, but now I'm just nit-picking. 
I've also gotten the smoked coconut club all three visits. Listen. I know what you're thinking. I can tell you, as an avid meat eater, I too was afraid to try a tofu and smoked coconut sandwich, but I am SO glad I did. The flavor is wonderful and the sandwich is filling enough without making me feel like I need a nap. Also, since I have had it three times now, I can confirm that it is as consistent as hell. I have also had a few bites of the roast pork sandwich and the Port Richmond platter- both fantastic. The table also went crazy for the beer-battered dill pickles that a friend ordered and while I didn't taste them myself, they definitely looked delicious.
I really love this place. I can't wait till the weather warms up and I can check out the attached beer garden, but I promise I will try something different to eat next time...maybe...I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place! All I need to say if fried pickles. The best damn fried pickles on the East Coast. In the last few months (since I've last paid a visit) they've somehow gotten better with even thicker beer batter - almost like corn -dog coating but deep fat fried. Everything else is top notch, the beer list is killer, the space is adorable, and the staff is lovely. What else to say? If I lived any closer, I'd be 10 pounds heavier.Never mind... The garden is closed.... So we walk in, bartender sees us sit down at bar - ignores us, goes to her friends table and plays on her phone for a minute...... the bar top was all sticky..... So, as I'm looking at her looking at photos as we sit at the bar, she still does not excuse herself to greet us and ofer to serve us (James) a beer..... So, we get up start to walk to door, she is still on the phone.... As I walk past her I say " how rude " twice & look at her..... She finally looks up as I'm saying pretty loud "you are soooo rude!" I will NEVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE. Fuck rude employees!!!!!Just a follow up, I've been back to the bar recently and noticed the tap list has been revamped.  An Italian Saison, a micro brew cider on cask, DFH Red & White, lots of interesting, unique choices again.I used to love it here, but haven't been in FOREVER since we started a family and they don't like kids... such a bummer... If you're a free-wheelin' hipster, it's perfect for you: plaid shirts, winter hats in the summer, and beards as far as the eye can see!
The food is good though. Great for vegetarians, which was always a huge plus for us. But if you have a child under the age of 5, there are plenty of other similar places in the area that will accommodate you.I love this place!  It has, in my opinion, as good of a staff assembled under one roof as anyone could hope for.  They're knowledgeable about their product, friendly, funny and cool!  
Great food and great beer, too.Once you find your way to Memphis Tap Room, you're golden. Because the variety of beer that they have as well as the extensive menu of lunchtime faves (BBQ, anyone?) will leave you satisfied and wanting more. Actually, you'll be panting for more, which is a good thing, because you should keep coming back here. Again, and again and again. 
Memphis Tap Room is just that good.
This is a great addition to a neighborhood that I keep finding myself in all the time, which says a lot, being that I live outside the city and all.
PS. Get the Ommegang. Lovers of a light beer that packs a mighty wallop will not be disappointed.Their beer selection is spot on.  Glad I could get my favorite sour beer.  Vegan food is a plus. Their outdoor seating is super cute with the lights hanging.  I wish you could utilize the space all year round but unfortunately Philly gets cold as hell in the winter.Honestly fuck this place. Their menu used to be good and rotating but now it's only the same old greasy sht. Really greasy, and salty. I get that's a standard bar food but this place makes me feel sick with grease. The chickpea burger is like a fried salt bomb, my salad of wilted mixed greens had what seemed to be a sprinkle of pickle juice on it and was mostly raw, wilted mixed greens. I hate going here and only go because my vegan boyfriend needs somewhere to take his parents, I would not choose this of my own volition. Excuse me while I grease-burb myself to sleep.Brendan the owner was an incredibly welcoming host for us Australians passing through for work who randomly stumbled on this great bar.  He gave us a very knowledgable breakdown of the local beer and food scene and gave us tastes of the better local beers from the Philadelphia area. 
A smart, great dude running an awesome bar! 
If you go to one bar in Philly come here!Love this place. My girlfriend and I named our dog Memphis, so we had to check this place out. We visited over a year ago, but I felt compelled to write a review because the chicken fried chicken still sticks in my memory. Having occasional cravings to get back there again. The habanero sauce mixed with the Mac n cheese is heavenly. Also love the fried pickles. I really need to get back here again. And soon.Went to the opening of the beer garden this Saturday. It's a small area on the side of the building but it could still accomodate a lot of people. The food truck was great! There was a consistent line while I was there but it moved quickly and the food was prepared fast. The truck served hotdogs, fried pickles, and canned beer. But these were not your typical backyard hotdogs. There were about 10 different "gormet" combinations to choose from. I ordered the Mackinac, which had chili, cheese, onions, and macaroni salad. It was delicious but probably one of the safer options. I also got to taste the California Uber Alles, which was a california roll-type hotdog (if you could even imagine that). It had ginger, avacado, cucumber, soy sauce, and wasabi mustard. Tasted even better than the real thing! We shared the fried pickles too, which came out in a huge portion. When I've orded these before they are usually pretty spicey. These were very mild, which I enjoyed because I don't like spicey foods. The atmosphere was great and the crowd was very friendly. The seating area has a bunch of long wooded tables and benches, so you get to chat with everyone around you. Would definitly come back if I were in the area.I ate at Memphis Taproom for the second time last night. I went with the smoked coconut club and it really, really bugged me out. The smoked coconut is not what I imagined it would be. Instead, it is an exact, vegan replication of bacon. It tasted like bacon. After my first bite I was all nervous and started picking at my sandwich and I had Mike try some and he said it was definitely bacon. I was ready to make peace with the fact that I had consumed a whole bite of bacon. So we hailed down our server and there was a bit of confusion and I was like "uhhh" and Mike stepped in and asked what was on the sandwich and she was very cavalier and understanding, "yup, tastes just like bacon." It tasted like bacon and felt like bacon in my mouth and I'm still nervous that it was actually bacon, but a recently conducted Google search confirmed that it was definitely not bacon but an amazing substitute. So weird, so delicious. Almost too delicious.
We also had the fried pickles which were, much to my surprise, fried whole kosher dill quarters, not the usual fried pickle chips. I burnt my had on some scalding hot pickle juice, but for this, I blame myself. The horseradish dip that came with was a perfect match, as well. 
Totally freaked out by the smoked coconut still. Try it, it will rock your world.I'm not a vegan and was a little apprehensive about the Coconut Club, but I was told I should try it.  It didn't disappoint. The fake bacon is delicious and tasted just like the real thing.  The bread is hearty and all the fillings were fresh and perfect.  It was a tad dry, but then they brought out Crystal hot sauce, which is Louisiana style and very heavy on the vinegar, and was the perfect addition to my sandwich.  I also love anywhere that gives you malt vinegar to put on your fries.  It was a very satisfying meal and a big portion, so I brought half home with me and enjoyed it for lunch the next day. 
The service was excellent. They were all very friendly, my water was never empty, and one of the waiters even explained to me how they make the fake bacon. Prices were very reasonable.  
I hope I'll come back to sit outside in the beer garden, which I totally forgot to do when I was there.  Great place!Awesome cosy, good looking bar run by very cool guys.
A beer menu that's not overwhelming is a godsend in this craft beer heavy country.. Yet the beers these guys have got are curated and they nail it. Brendan took one look at us (with some pro eavesdropping to determine our Aussie accents ;) and knew what we'd want to drink.
And the food was awesome. Go there.BEST BURGERS!  One day hanging out at the Philadelphia Brewing Company some friends and I were looking for a place to eat after we toured the brewery.  Had this place recommended and have been back many times since!  Deep fried pickles, onion rings and the port richmond platter.... MMMM soo good! My room mate is a vegetarian and the menu had plenty of options for him. 
Overall good beer, good food, good times.I've been to MT about 2 dozen times. I have never had bad food, drink or service. I have had brunch, dinner, vegan menu and dessert, every time it was perfect. I've been here during beer week and the staff is always welcoming and grateful. I wish other businesses modeled their approach after Memphis Taproom's. Good food, good drinks, good people. Their menus are expansive yet simple and their beer list never disappoints. Keep up the awesomeness Memphis Taproom. You will always be a top my list. Thank youSmall barroom, with bar seating and a small table, and a dining room in back. Looks like it has been a neighborhood bar for generations. If I said dive I would mean it in an affectionate way. However, the beer selection is really good, approx 15 craft drafts and many more bottled and canned. They serve half/short pours which I think is great. I wanted to try as many local and PA beers as possible while visiting. The food has some interesting vegan choices plus plenty of regular fare. I ordered the jackfruit cakes, just to see what they were like. Bartender I am sure tried to be helpful with her description 'texture like crab cakes'. I wish she had said 'deep fried'. They should be called jackfruit croquettes. They were deep fried, crusty outside, and moist inside with chopped  jackfruit mixed with a light bready filler. There was a mango salsa. It was quite good if you like croquettes. Similar to what I have had in Belgium, except with a tasty jackfruit filling. However I would not have ordered if I had known they would be deep fried. The menu should clue you in, perhaps by calling them 'croquettes' as that would be accurate. In any case, it was quiet for a Friday night but that was ok as I could sit at the bar and learn more about some local beers. You can get any draft in a crowler to go.love the beer selection, excellent service, but the food sets this place apart! they have a "port richmond" platter that includes:Grilled Kielbasy, pierogies, potato pancakes, and kraut. it is incredible. they are a bit overpriced, but the food is great, so it doesnt matter much. the main problem here is that everyone know about this place.  it gets packed!!!  it is a small place to begin with. i go there around 4 or 5pm. you cant move in the place after 7pm. but it is one of those rare places where everything i have ever gotten there has been excellent.I have not been a beer drinker for very long and surprisingly enough, with my terrible explanation of what beers I did and did not enjoy, for what reason, etc., the bartender paired me with something delicious the South Hampton Pumpkin I believe. He was a very friendly and engaging bartender. All of the ones I've had here, are very friendly and quick to get you what you want.
AND what I want is, and what you should want is;
The "chick'n" fried portabello mushroom burger is phenom..nom nom. I love it. The onion straws set your mouth on fire, in a good way and the french fries are seasoned and delicious. 
The atmosphere is quaint, sarcastic and a tiny-bit distinguished. 
However, you can only sit outside if you're going to eat their gourmet dogs. Wish you could sit in their cool little alcove for everything.I've visited Memphis Taproom at least 5 times and never had a good experience with the food.  They have a great selection of beers, but the food leaves a lot to be desired.  Bread twist tie in a bun, food was cold, hair in the fries...each on a separate occasion.  The only thing that I did like was the fried pickles. :P  While being one of the few select bars in Philly to serve vegan options, they could stand to work on what they are serving a bit better.  I never went back.I love this place! If you are a vegan/vegetarian, you have plenty of options. My favorite is the vegan chicken fried steak.  
My favorite time at the Taproom was during this past year's Philly Beer Week.  It was a 5-course vintage beer brunch. The staff was friendly and accommodating and the beer selection they presented opened my eyes to styles that I have been hesitant to try (like the sour Cantillon lambic).  
Overall, tasty beer and food!After seeing the Memphis Taproom's chef on the Food Network cooking up some tasty vittles, the wife and I decided it was time to give the old joint one last try. So it was up to Kensington we went on the most recent Friday. 
In we walked and sat down. I knew what we had to try first- the Fried Kosher Dills. This has become a pretty popular appetizer lately, but how does it stack up to my favorite version, the one done by El Camino Real in NoLibs?
This version is completely different. The first thing you notice when they are served is that instead of individually breaded dill chips, they are entirely battered spears, 6 or so, in a bowl. 
The taste is also entirely different. The coating can be best compared to a funnel cake batter, light and fluffy and slightly sweet. It works well with the vinegary tang of the dills.  The sauce on the side is also mellow, despite being called a horseradish dip. Though I really enjoyed this dish, it turned out a lot sweeter than I thought and the menu implied, and I'll stick to El Camino's version. Still, really good. 
For dinner, I had the Chicken Fried Chicken, which was served with pepperjack mac n cheese and spicy collared greens. The sides were fantastic. Those collared greens were spicy, dense and yet still crunchy. The mac n cheese was somewhat standard, but well done. I couldnt really decipher from where the spice came, whether it was the spicy habanero sauce dripped on the plate (a nice touch, but I could have used more, especially for the chicken) or the pepperjack cheese it was made with. 
As for the chicken, that was sort of by-the-numbers. I couldnt really decipher what made it "chicken-fried" chicken. To be honest, it was pretty similar to chicken fingers. Very tasty, but completely forgettable. 
My wife got the Smoked Coconut Club. This sandwich was featured on the Food Network and brought us here in the first place. It was a very tasty, unique, delicious creation. The toasted coconut was just heavenly, as was the tomato herb mayo. The fries though, were way, way, WAY oversalted, a sad leftover complaint of my last few visits to the Memphis.
All in all, The Memphis Taprom was way better than the previous 5 times or so I have been there. I am stuck between 3 and 4 stars, but I am going to go with 3 because some kinks still need to be worked out.Three words.. Chicken Fried Chicken. Have been coming to this place for quite some time now and have been impressed every time. Their chicken fried chicken dish is top notch. They also have a large selection of craft beer if you can appreciate them. Service is always good you never have to wait long for a table. Haven't been to the outside section but I heard it was nice as well. Good place for a date or if you just want to go enjoy a beer with friends.Amazing bar. I had The Damin sandwich, the roast pork with habanero mustard. It was life changing. Great beer selection, too!I love this place, especially for breakfast. Good strong coffee, best fried pickles ever and today I had AMAZING ginger blueberry French toast with fresh whipped creme. Food of the gods! We always get the same waiter who is amazing with a great sense of humorLast night my girlfriend and I went there. We found out about Memphis Taproom from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives on the food network.  We split the avocado tacos appetizer which were spicy but delicious. A bit pricey for only 2 small tacos. Nicole got the cheeseburger and I got the steak and potatoes. Both meats were cooked to a perfect medium. The homemade fries were awesome and the side of deviled potato salad was intriguing and delicious. I highly recommend this place. It's a bit fast paced so know that going in.  Beer list was long and a bit over my head. I went with familiar allagash white. The wine list was short but well throughout. Nicole got a Chardonnay-like wine and said it was good.I've been wanting to try Memphis Taproom for awhile. I once ran by it during the Kenzinger run, and was so tempted to just hang out and eat a hotdog and drink a beer. They have a really creative menu with equally enticing vegetarian/vegan options, while still remaining casual. Our waitress was so nice and was able to check on us and refill our waters without being asked in a full seated dining room. Food and  beer was great. Since we were just stopping by for a quick snack, I curbed myself from ordering multiple things off the menu like I usually do. This time I had the kielbasy grinder, tofu club and ginger beer. Will be back to hang out in the outdoor seating and try the hotdog bar.Oh Memphis Taproom, you cheap little whore. Why must you now tempt me with your beer garden with $5 gourmet hot dogs? Why?  Knowing I can walk down the street and get dinner for $9 is much too tempting for a dude like me that lacks self-control
Look folks, I know you're thinking, "a 5$ got dog"?  Worth every penny, it's actually a bargain  There's varieties for just about everyone, including vegetarians.  I was stuffed from just one, I could've eaten two, but didn't wanna go to bed at 5pm
The beer garden is basically a cafeteria style joint that serve beers and not-so-cafeteria style food.  It's a hot dog cart on steroids. Great addition to the area!Memphis Taproom gets 5 stars from this vegetarian simply because of the smoked coconut that tastes like delicious bacon! The smoked coconut club is amazing. 
 I can also vouch for the roasted mushroom grinder, the veggie burger, the fried pickles and the onion rings.  
We made the trek to Kensington on a Saturday afternoon and had to wait a little over a half hour for a table.  Luckily the beer selection was amazing.  I just wish Kensington wasn't so far out of the way!O M G! Our daughter lives  nearby and after seeing her we looked for a good place to have a -Linner (lunch was missed kinda early dinner). She recommended the Memphis Taproom and we saw reviews online too. So we decided to give It a whirl!. We started with drinks-I had the merlot-I did not pay attention to what brand it was but it was smooth and fruity and wonderful. My husband had the espresso stout (Albatross Stout?) any way it was very good! Then for dinner My husband had the fried pickles and the chili Mac n cheeseand I had the flat iron grilled skirt steak with potato salad and grilled green beans with a jalapeño butter. 
My steak was medium and for me that's a stretch...I'm a WELL done sorta gal but I branched out. I am glad I got it medium because it was AW-ESOME! The potato
salad was freaking amazing!! The beans were actually pretty good but I'm not a huge fan of the super grilled taste but they were very spicy and that was good!
My husband had the Fried pickles! One of the best we've had and terrific! and the sauce was to die for! Then for dinner he had  the chili Mac and cheese was pretty epic. I'm not a fan of chilli outside of my own but this was incredible with orrichiette pasta and loaded with cheese and green onions and WOW! I'm having gluten issues so I had 2 bites and didn't care if I blew up like a balloon!! 
The manager recommended the Sangiovese wine and I said that I had ordered a second merlot already so he gave me a sample and told me how great it was and IT WAS! Yum. Super friend guy and the servers were all really attentive and laid back and friendly. 
OK -SO get this.. They have a beer garden and a big old lunch truck with snacks then there are lights and tables and at 9 on Saturdays in the summer they show movies on the wall!!! WHAT!? If we didn't have an hours drive home we would have stayed. Tonight was Raiders of the Lost Ark! They have a brick wall with a big white painted spot for movies. 
Ok--so I'm smitten! I love these great little places on odd streets with charm and spunk. Clean, up and coming and hip. The decor was simple yet interesting and perfect! I could have stayed all night!! I'm some what of a simple girl but I like clean and comfy and homey and delicious comfort  food and a place you can go to chill. THIS is one of them! ALMOST makes me wish I lived in the city! Please go and enjoy! Ps
We got there at about 5:00 on a Saturday. I didn't want to leave! YES I recommend it highly! I can't wait for next time!! The menu had a lot of vegan and vegetarian if you want that. Something for everyone!!!How do you make a vegan BLT?   Come here and try the smoked coconut club.  Full disclosure: Im a carnivore.  When I heard about this unique sandwich, I had to experience it for myself.  
Deep fry slabs of tofu to get as much water and moisture out and then marinate it with some olive oil and other flavorful sauces.  Smoke pieces of fresh coconut for a crispy texture that is also darkened to resemble bacon (sans the fat).  Throw it between toasted bread with some lettuce and tomato and TA-DA: a vegan BLT.  Delicious.  It was enough to convince the carnivore in me to try its other inventive vegan dishes.
Featured on Food Networks "Diners, Drive-Ins, Dives":
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZnsekJFc8MBeer Selection was great -this is the best place in the city for Fried Pickles!  The service for a busier Friday night was good.  I would definitely return.I am dropping a star as the fish and chips the past two times have been missing the fish. Very small fish fingers with a ton of batter is not what I like. I am willing to pay more for a nice large cut of fish. Bring back the fish.Plenty of vegetarian options are available here.
The chicken-fried cauliflower is amazing, and so is the tofu club sandwich with coconut!
I went here two nights in a row . . .I would give almost ANYTHING right now for their quinoa burger with swiss cheese and that awesome dijon-bbq sauce with spiced fries and a Victory IPA. Sometimes I get uncontrollable cravings for their food and it's an unrequited love story, now that Iive in Michigan. Don't ever take it for granted Philadelphia!Chicken fried chicken!!!! Seating in the dining area was pretty intimate, tho you can get a more upbeat vibe from the bar area if that's you style. It's really nice to have that option. Speaking of options, beer menu is legit, great choices, staff is knowledgeable and quick. I have no issues with their service on this Wednesday night, so I will be paying more visits when their beer garden is in full affect. To sum it up, give them a try whether it's just a date or a few friends.This place is no big deal.  Just another pub on the edge of an edgy neighborhood.  It's crowded and there's no place to wait without being in someone's way every other second.  
I had their equivalent of Eggs Benedict.  The sausage was pretty good but the eggs were too vinegary.  It's one of those pet peeves I have about Philly gastropubs.  All of the sudden vinegar is the coolest thing.   Yuk. 
And the portions were small.  I know you can't fit a hipster in those jeans with Tex-Mex-like portions, but I'm sure they'd be fine with more than three tiny potato wedges.  
I give it three stars because I know it will please more than half of the foodies out there but certainly not all of them.  I know what y'all like -- I get it.  This place needs some work though.  It's got a decent vibe and the potential to become a neighborhood institution, but at the moment it's a bit over-hyped.Owner was a legend and extremely knowledgeable about beer and other important life matters.  Made us feel like locals even though we were from the other side of the world. Food was delicious and stupidly cheap.I probably could have put a down payment on a house with all the brunches I've had in the last year. I've had some great ones all over the city, but the Memphis Taproom is by far my favorite brunch spot.  I love MT so much, I drove there from center city during that snow storm of the decade we had a few weeks ago, because a friend and I decided we could not go on without their chicken fried chicken.
The food is spectacular. A lot of very simple dishes made very well. I recommend sharing an order of suicide rings, because they are one of the greatest ways to eat an onion. My favorite entrees are the fried oysters and the chicken fried chicken. If you couldn't tell, these guys are masters of frying. The oysters are deep fried in a cornmeal batter and come with some of the best slab bacon I've ever had. The chicken fried chicken is are boneless pieces of fried chicken sitting on a bed of mac and cheese that is  swimming in a pool of habanero bbq sauce.  
The service is always friendly. The first time I went to MT they gave us a Trivial Pursuit board and didn't mind that we stuck around way past our meal to finish the game. Sometimes they get in the weeds, but you forgive it, because brunch isn't supposed to be a fast-paced meal.
My one complaint is the coffee maker. They only have one coffee maker and are constantly in the process of making a new pot which gives you about a 10 minutes lag between cups. There is something sort of heartbreaking about having the best savory pumpkin french toast of your life and not being able to wash it down with a cup joe. 
All in all this is the kind of place you want to spend a lazy Sunday. There is nothing like self-medicating a hangover with belgian beers, while eating some of the best comfort food in the city.2 years I would've given 5 stars. I've gone about 5 times in the past 2 years, and each time it seems the portions get a little smaller and the crowd a lot snobbier. My partner and I were stared at and complained about during one visit by whom I assume to be a bitter group of young single hipsters for being appropriately affectionate(a kiss on the cheek, shoulder rubs etc.) to each other for about 30 seconds. I suppose that's what you have to deal with in a nice place to eat so close to Fishtown. 
On another note, I have never had a bad meal here. The fried pickles and charred green peas are amazing(although in my recent visit the charred greens dish was about half the size it usually is). The fried avocado tacos have unfortunately been taken off the menu, I fell hard for those things. I'm not a fan of cheese but my family was a huge fan of the cheese and sausage platter. Most recently, the Port Richmond platter is also a good choice, especially to split(there's two of everything on the dish). The vegan chocolate and peanut butter pie is soo good!
The craft and international beer selection is impressive. I have yet to sit in the beer garden, but from what I hear it isn't something to miss during its season. I plan to visit the taproom each time I'm in the area(with great hope to find the avocado tacos back on the menu). Highly recommended!Blown away.  Took my family here for the vegetarian options and beers- we're all vegetarian.  Suicide onion rings were spectacular.  The fried pickles were good- we wish we had gotten the jak fruit cakes, though.  Next time! The pickles were fine, they just paled a little next to the fantastic onion rings.  The waitress was very friendly and no-nonsense, and confidently made great recommendations for both beer and food.  We were happy with every draft we had.  As for the meals, we all tried each others' meals, and were so pleased.  The coconut tofu club thing, recommended by the waitress, was so delicious and interesting. Smoked coconut???!!  Who woulda thunk?  Asparagus mac n cheese was a decadent and delicious treat, the chicken-fried portobello was juicy and tasty, and he mushroom grinder was huge and full of mushroomy goodness.  You can't sit at the tables unless you order food, and we got a laugh out of the menu saying something along the line of "don't go home and blog about it- sit at the bar and maybe make some friends.".  Because.... It make sense, haha.  Or if you desperately desire a table, get food- it's delicious!  Coming back soon for Twin Peaks on the "big screen" in the beer garden... Because how awesome is that?We were in the neighborhood visiting and came here for the Vegan Rooster and a couple Vegan Bloody Marys. Delicious! Friendly staff with a good playlist rounds out the experience. I'll definitely come back here next time I'm in town. #veganLots of the menu items looked good.  I settled on fish n chips and I was hungry... but it didn't really do it for me.  I'm not a believer in "if they can't get fish n chips right..." but I was hoping for something a little better.  Would have liked to try the other items to give a chance at redemption but unfortunately all it really takes is one sub-par meal to not want to go back.
I thought the interior and atmosphere was nice.  Our server was also extremely friendly and it seems like the type of place that would be good to hang out at - only if the food were better.An absolute gem in the Kensington / Fishtown area.  These folks know beer!  I'm in there at least twice a week.  Wonderful service, amazing beers from around the world, knowledgeable staff, great energy.  It's good to have a place I can walk to for good beer.Out of all of the bar food in the Fishtown/N Libs area, Memphis has the best hands down. Beer selecting is ever changing and there's always something interesting to try.  Everything I've ordered from the menu has been delicious.  The fried pickles are to die for (full pickles in a nice thick tasty batter).  Unfortunately, it's been really busy since the Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives filming.  We've tried going three times since then and have had trouble with seating each time (this is on week day nights too!).Excellent brunch menu and the beer selection is astonishing. The employees are knowledgeable and will help you pair beers with your food selection. I've only been here during brunch hours and the crowd/atmosphere was always pleasant (not noisy, not crowded but lively). 
Will return! : )great beer selection. welcoming and friendly atmosphere.
food is inconsistent - sometimes really good, other times just so-so.
had the chicken fried chicken months ago - really good.
had it again yesterday - tasteless chicken nuggets (but larger), mac and cheese was pretty awful - more like warmed over mac salad, stale sliver of corn bread, chard was so-so but sauce was slopped onto plate...wanted to like my dish but it was so disappointing...not sure i'll be back anytime soon...I love Memphis Taproom!  Went with a friend and ordered the chicken fried cauliflower, smoked coconut club sandwich and he had the fried a Vaca do tacos.  Everything was so delicious! I'm a strict vegetarian but not a big fan of tofu but my sandwich was incredibly tasty (even when I ate the second half the next day). The fries are to die for and I want to bathe in their aioli. 
Our server, and really everyone working was really friendly and helpful. My only complaint is that I'm not much of a beer gal (though their beer list is quite impressive), they didn't have a red wine that sounded tasty at the time so I ordered a vodka cranberry and they were out of cranberry. No big deal, a vodka tonic did the trick. 
I will be back OFTEN!There are three things in life these days that act as instant gustatory anti-depressants.  Imbibing or gormandizing any of these three, or even more importantly, in combination, results in the onset of a sensation of fulfillment and happiness in such a profound fashion that for a brief few minutes, I am left with the thought that all simply must be right in the world.   Of course this fades, which is great news for the owners of fine gastropubs such as Memphis Taproom.
What are these miracle, seratonin-releasing foods?  For me, they are great beer, pickles, and the more esoteric qualifier "fried".  MTR provides the most excellent trifecta of these items with their broad tap selection and their fried pickles.  If only man could live on fried pickles and beer alone, I would take up residence above this mecca of gastropubbery.  
Their dominance has recently been enhanced by the addition of their new outdoor space, with a different canned beer selection and assortment of hot dog varietals.  I can't recommend this place enough.Came here for Philly beer week and had a really great time, I really enjoyed the menu that they put together pertaining to Philly Beer Week. I am really big on the beer that is served at certain bars and Memphis Taproom had a really good selection, their fried pickles were heaven, long dills deep fried in a thick beer batter, my god they were amazing! My cousin got a Stout burger with a stout cheese and I got probably hands down the best pulled pork sandwich in the city. The meat was great, juicy, tender and the fries were fresh and crispy. I will definitely be coming back to this spot for some lunch and some beers. They also have a cool beer garden outside that would be awesome to sit at when the weather is beautiful and the beer starts flowing. I really would enjoy making the Taproom a spot to hit during Philly Beer Week. I can't wait to comeback and see what they have during PBW again this year! Cheers to them and cheers to anyone who bookmarks Memphis Taproom, it's a must go and you won't regret a nice meal and some great drinks!I don't want to give a good review, as Im tired of places I like getting inundated with dbags. 
Went here sat night.. their grand opening of the new beer garden and gourmet hot dog truck. A) the hot dogs are no 'ball park' variety.. gore-may! There are about 9 different style you may get, with all sorts of toppings that will amaze you.
Beer: cans (beer garden Im tawkin bout).. but not Schlizt or shitty PBR.. no, this is GOOD craft beer. Memphis TR hits a home run.. it will be better soon as they get some background music going..and the projector for Phils/Flyers games. 
Kudos, I am a fanI really wanted to love Memphis Taproom.  We've be meaning to come here forever, and finally made it in for brunch after the big raids, to support our locally owned bars.
I ordered the chiliquiles, which ended up being more like a frittata.  It was ok, but not what I was really in the mood for. My wife's burger was good, the fries were great, and the $5 bloody mary was better for my sore legs than the ibuprofen i meant to takeThis restaurant has a good amount of vegan options. It provided a "hipster" like setting and they had a great beer selection. The food was decent. I would recommend the fried pickles.Something really awful happened to me last night that usually doesn't. Something very rare to my existence, brought a beautiful experience to a screeching halt. I went to the Memphis Taproom in Fishtown and saw the evil lips of hatred speak ignorance in a place where we had come to gather.
A server, a manager, a staff - selfish, slanted, racist beliefs polluted our night, polluted that short-sighted bar wench who had trouble accepting my eclectic bunch of friends on a Saturday night. Three Philippinos, a few whites, a black girl; we were celebrating a charity event we had organized on that day which brought together a non-profit for kids, a soup kitchen, a church, a photo studio, a community. This is what we were happy about.
Her perception of us probably wasn't what we really are. But she acted on that perception and that emotion. Well, the effects are exponential.
To have that experience interrupt what we are all about makes me believe we may still be falling backwards as a society, and that above all, there are racist idoits working at the Memphis Taproom. As much as this is a rant about society, it's also a negative review for that backwards-ass establishment.
The stupid wench told my black friends to leave when they came to replace my two Phillapino friends that just left, by saying there aren't enough seats when they arrived, like a REAL 1950s Taproom in Memphis. We have come too far as a people for me to think that discrimination will silently go unnoticed. I will not be punished for someone else's slanted point of view.
You may hate me because I think freely, and love constantly. You may hate me because my hair is long. Or my smile is too big. Or my skin isn't the color of yours, but you will not treat me differently. Try it. Try me. I'm the same as you. Maybe even a little better because I don't stop accepting people when they are different than me.
If we let ourselves be divided by hate, then we will continue to divide and hate. If we teach each other love and acceptance, then we will love and accept each other. It's really that simple.
I will never return but to speak of this awful experience. I will not tolerate anyone treating any of the people I love with this kind of disrespect. I will not let my wife or children, MY BLACK WIFE AND MY MIXED CHILDREN, be present to anyone treating them differently based upon any definition but their character. Try it. Try me.I have gone to this place for both Brunch and dinner.
Brunch was decent, but not great. The food was decent but overall nothing to get super excited about and not the best brunch I have had in Philly. The Blood mary was decent and they made it extra spicy as I asked. 
Service was good, the staff are all really nice.
For dinner, the mushroom sandwich was very well put together and the flavors just popped.The fresh goat cheese salad was good but the goat cheese was a bit too runny for our tastes. The dressing on the salad was really good though. We got the beef and onion pasties for an appetizer and that was pretty good, with a nice layer of salt sprinkled on top which really added some good flavors.
Dinner would have ranked 4 stars, but brunch brought it down a drop to 3.Great beer. And great vegetarian/vegan menu options - try the creole jackfruit!  Everyone was friendly. I'll be back.We just moved into Fishtown/Kensington area and our friend told us about this place.   We all went a few weeks ago and loved it.  Great food, service is awesome, and very cute inside.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone around the area.I wish I liked this place more.  Maybe I went in with overly-high expectations, but I just have not been impressed.  Both times I have been here, the food has been good, but not great.  The first time I got the fried chicken, which was good but overpriced.  The second time I got the roasted pork sandwich.  It was mostly bread with some cheese, greens, and a little pork.  It was just not very satisfying.  Their fries are not that great.  I liked the fried onions the first time, but last time I went, they were cut way too big and were not nearly as crispy.  Last time I was there, the service was glacially slow.  Maybe I'm ordering the wrong things or just having bad luck, but I really do not get what the fuss is all about.I am going to break this one down simply with a small prologue to open it up:
Between the episode covering this establishment and all of the ranting and raving from Yelp, I think what I was expecting was some sort of heavenly oasis of all good yummy food things upon entering.  I seriously thought that this place would be a gift from the pro vegetarian Gods.  That was probably the first mistake.  My expectations were way too high right out of the gate so when I went late at night with a group of friends with my yelp recommendations of the fried pickles, suicide rings and chicken fried cauliflower, we thought we would be able to die after leaving.  Ultimately I was a tad let down as was my group. 
on to the breakdown:
All of the above was ordered along with the Port Richmond Platter, two desserts (one apple thing and the other a cheesecake if I can remember correctly).  They were all delicious, as was the infamous coconut club but like I said, maybe expectations were too high?  They were all done and presented very well- tasted great but ultimately I've had better.
The place is small, very very small.  That can either be a good thing or a bad thing depending on you.  About 8 tables maybe? Small staff but very quick turnaround time- never had to wait and felt like the staff was fast and educated as well.
I gave it three stars because it was just that- "A-OK".  I'm not a huge fan; I would go back again because it's very close to home- a 3 minute walk, and there are vegetarian options that help with my diet limitations.  
The taproom is good and I had a good time, ate good food and that was that.  Nothing stuck out in particular for me- maybe it's my taste buds but that's the truth.Love the food at this taproom but don't order the local Gin unless your prepared for a bad hangover.I thought I wrote a review for this place already but must have been in a delusional food coma.  It's a cute, cozy place, not too hipster-y, not loud (I hate loud restaurants and bars, I don't want to shout to talk to you!), and delicious.  I am very pleased that they have many vegan/vegetarian options, and got the veggie burger-- homemade with some kind of bean, quinoa (!) and roasted veggies, made un-vegan because I asked for grated gruyere on top.  Oh. my. god.  Best veggie burger EVER. The fries were tasty, too, not to mention the deep-fried pickles.  In theory that sounded gross to me, but after being force-fed one by my friends, I am an artery-clogged convert.  Oh, I also had the best beer in existence here, Ommegang Abbey Ale.  Not too shabby prices, either.My local bar, a block from home. It is a great beer joint, although as much as I like the rotating selection, I wish they would keep a few standards on tap all the time - sometimes you just want "the usual" (in my case, Brawler). 
The service is friendly, the ipod mix pleasant and the crowd is pretty laid back. Yes, this place is kid-friendly, which I am sure I will appreciate more if I ever have any. 
The food is good, but not quite up to gastropub good. When I order a medium burger, I get anything from rare to well-done, but I love the sesame buns and butter lettuce, and the meat is well-seasoned. The artichoke dip is fabulous. The suicide rings, fried pickles, roast pork, mac & cheese - all full of win. The chicken wings, however,  really suck. I think the pilsner brine must dry them out or something. And the chicken-fried chicken is like gourmet chicken fingers - yuck. Gimme some nice fried dark meat on the bone please. 
I wish they would have a few food specials, because I have eaten the whole menu at this point, but spring is coming so maybe there will be some new stuff.A gourmet hot dog cart., deep fried pickles, beer and sitting out on a balmy summer evening- HEAVEN!Beer garden & lunch truck is great on a summer evening.  Food inside is fantastic.  You can't go wrong here for food & drinkHad my second experience at Memphis Taproom this weekend, and it's one of those places I want to love more than I actually do. The atmosphere on an unusually warm winter day was inviting, and I really dug the bartender's personality. He seemed genuinely happy to be there, and had a good rapport with some regulars. We sat at the bar because the dining room seemed pretty full, and service was pretty quick.
Tap/drink list looked good, and the menu had some unique items, including many vegan options. Most people come for the coconut club sandwich, as seen on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives," which I ordered on my first visit. It was interesting, but somewhat of a letdown (though smoked coconut is pretty fun). This time around, I went with the chickpea quinoa burger, mostly because I wanted to revisit the smoked coconut. The first few bites were decent, but the taste was a little one-note, and I barely finished half of it. It may have been the abundance harissa mayo that turned me off. My husband got a sandwich that had Korean fried chicken on it. The proportion of chicken to bread was off (too much of the latter), but he still enjoyed it.
I wouldn't hate going back to Memphis Taproom again, but after two lackluster visits, I'm thinking it may be a little overhyped, and not somewhere I'd push for if you're looking for a truly great plate of food.I came here with my parents today (for Mother's Day/brunch), and the food was, again, amazing. I'm a sucker for the smoked coconut tofu club, but the menu had amazingly awesome vegan options to choose from as well. Once again, thank you; the experience was delicious!Went to Memphis for weekend brunch. My daughter is vegetarian and I am vegan. Had multiple choices from the menu. My daughter got the tofu club and I got tofu scrambler. Portions were large and the entrees and accompanying food were excellent.  One of the best vegetarian meals we have had in the Philadelphia area. Looking forward to going back and trying the dinner menu.I have decided that Jen is the best I've seen at describing beer selections. She can pretty much sell me something I would never choose, and I am always happy.There's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said. This place is great. Good food, good service, good drinks, good atmosphere. Good brunch, good dinner, good everything. If you're going to do the fried pickles - take a couple home and put them in your fridge. They're AWESOME cold. Trust me.This review is just for a brunch special I had at Memphis Taproom - waffles topped with peanut butter, bacon, bananas and maple syrup. I had this a while ago so I can only hope they still offer it, or maybe have added it to the permanent menu. 
I don't think I can accurately convey the experience in words, but it touched on every taste bud in one giant flavor explosion of sweet and salty. I found the combination of flavors pretty unique and though it looked like it might be overkill, it worked perfectly. Can't wait to go back and pray they are still offering this dish.Simply put, you must to bookmark the Memphis Tap Room.  I'm sure you will go to a handful of crappy bars and restaurants this year and you will be kicking yourself for not going here instead.  
The food here is delicious.  You can taste the love and care they put in to  creating each dish.  For the vegetarians and vegans out there, look closely at the menu and you will see a number of options to augment the listed item for something more suiting to your tastes.  I heard they were going to start doing a brunch menu but I have yet to try it out.  Next weekend perhaps! 
I'm impressed by the buzz surrounding this establishment.  I have never seen anything like it.  Since opening day the place has been packed.  I think that means we can expect great things from this place going forward.  A friend was there on opening night and met one of the owners and is now on a first name basis with her.  She's a very friendly and passionate person.  Definitely someone I would want preparing meals for me!  
I believe the bartender (also part owner?) used to work at Nodding Head or some other popular bar in the city and his vast knowledge of beer smacks you over the head when he notices you thinking over the beer selection.  Very helpful and friendly!Oh my God...  the worst..  We went here for brunch because we read a good review online,  and let me be the first to discredit that opinion..  We showed up around 1 and ordered drinks while we waited..   10 minutes after ordering we got them.  The wait was around 45 minutes, and the place wasn't even that busy.  They are very understaffed.  The bartender had the responsibility of waiting on our table..  which led to forgetting drinks.. and slow service...  we waited ten minutes to have our order taken and then 40 minutes more to be served..  we almost walked out.  One of our meals was completely forgotten and an appetizer was brought out when the entrees were..  it was horrible..    The one good attribute was a good beer selection...  besides that this place was bad...  slow slow slow was the theme of this brunch...Great vegan brunch! I got the Vegan Rooster, which gave me the first vegan blood sausage I have ever encountered... it was good! As was the coconut bacon and especially, the potatoes. Thanks for offering vegan brunch options... I hope to return for lunch one day!Went to the Memphis Taproom with some friends. The overall atmosphere was really nice although the place was a little dark. 
The wait staff was really friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the beer they served, so when I needed a recommendation, they were very helpful. I absolutely love that they have vegetarian and vegan options, which are clearly labelled on their menu, so they're easy to find and I didn't have to be _that_ person asking all sorts of questions about it. The smoked coconut club sandwich was delicious and the fries were amazing. They also had some sriracha for us. 
We didn't have to wait too long for the food, everybody was really happy. We'll be back.This place kind of validates the theory that Fishtown is the new Northern Liberties.  
I went here for brunch and was kind of disappointed to see two eggs, fries (not homefries), and a piece of toast was $6, no fancy gimmick (see Honey's challah bread and potato latkes) included.  Hmmm..
I ended up getting what could be described as a fritata with cheese on top with fries and a single, solitary piece of Texas toast.  Economic times must be hitting really hard where that second piece of toast is just not included.  
Don't get me wrong, it was delicious as far as breakfasts go but I'd much rather go to Sabrina's, pay $8 for breakfast, walk out stuffed, and have a second helping in mid-afternoon.  
Regardless, this is a nice place so to speak.  Fancy beers and whatnot.  The staff was nice and it was a classy joint.This is exactly what I want from my local bar. If I was a regular anywhere it would be here. Delicious, reasonable, no bullsht drafts and food. The selection of beer always changes, and is one of the best I've seen in Philly. The food is always tasty and has a good range (pub options to vegan options). Service is excellent, everyone is very knowledgeable, and the atmosphere is relaxed and neighborhoody- this is never empty but there is always room. Unpretentious for the caliber of bar- I love it. My favorite spot in Fishtown.Had to check this place out once I found out they had fried pickles and they were amazing! Great Port Richmond Platter too and I had leftovers. I'd definitely go back and try some different things on the menu! Great prices too and good beers on tap.Off the beaten path with a nice neighborhood feel. Tons of street parking available. 
Great vegetarian/vegan options at reasonable prices! We originally came here for the smoked coconut club, but have enjoyed everything else we've tried also. Awesome draft/bottle list, and $4 drafts during happy hour.
The place is small, and often busy during peak hours. Chances are you will have to wait, and unfortunately there's not much of a convenient waiting area. While busy, it appears they only have one server working, so the service will be on the slower side. Definitely worth checking out!
.I was really excited to go to the Memphis Taproom after all the positive press I've heard about it. I went with several neighbors on a Tuesday afternoon around 2pm for lunch. 
Our food was delicious to say the least. I was pretty skeptical of the fried Kosher dill pickles because who eats that stuff, really? I have become a believer folks! There is something about a light, crispy batter and piping hot sour pickles that just satisfies a hunger you never knew you had. Throw a little of the ranch-like dipping sauce on and you just may die and go to heaven. The Suicide (onion) Rings were equally awesome, especially with the slightly spicy dipping sauce. I ordered the roast pork sandwich. This entree was a delicious twist on roasted pork (no sloppy barbecue coating to be found) with melted cheese, garlic mayo, and gently wilted spinach. I don't usually eat pork, but this sandwich made me think twice about what I was missing. The hand-cut fries are perfectly seasoned and tender with a light crisp. The menu also includes vegan and vegetarian options that go well beyond the boring standby of "grilled veggie plate". I found the prices to be quite reasonable and the portions generous.
I know your mouth is watering and I haven't even gotten to the beer!  The Young's Chocolate Stout is a great sipping beer with an almost-coffee flavor to it. It's almost a meal in itself. I felt their selection could be a little bit more diverse because there didn't seem to be many options for folks who don't like "hoppy" beers.  As Tom H. said, their seasonal selection is impressive, but they may not satisfy a wide range of tastes. They do have quite a decent selection of bottles, but this isn't a Bud Light joint, so do keep that in mind when choosing who to go with. They also have a full bar, so cocktails are an option as well.
I wanted to give this place 5 stars, but there were a few key things I wasn't thrilled with.
1. It must have been hipster day because the place was crawling with skinny-jeaned kids who looked like they hadn't hit puberty yet. 
2. A few people brought their young kids in to eat. I'm not a parent, but the taproom shouldn't be easily confused with Applebees. Our table was shushed by one Debbie Downer of a server who was like "Hey folks there are kids here." - all because we mentioned sex in our conversation. Here's a thought - don't bring your kids to a BAR!
3. We spent several hours at the taproom because we were waiting for a friend to meet up with us and she ended up being really, really late. All the while, we continued to order rounds of drinks and some dessert. We weren't being rowdy or rude or obnoxious, but, at some point, our check showed up before we asked for it. I find that to be really rude. If you need the table, politely say so. Instead we got some crap about needing the table for reservations. The burly bartender even gave us the stink-eye on  our way out. 
Memphis has great food, intimate atmosphere, and an eclectic choice of beers. Beware the potential hipster crowd and don't overstay your welcome.im really not sure why more people arent raving over the Memphis burger. It is by far the best burger I have ever had in my life. 
This should be a known thing. Best burger in the city. 
Please don't ever take it off the menu.Wonderful neighborhood place.  The beer selection is amazing and ever-changing so there's always something new to try. The sweet suicide rings are my favorite thing on the menu. They're like shoestring onion rings- crispy and delicious. I also recommend the hefeweizen hummus, it's served with vegetables and pita and fried chick peas on top.
The ambiance is great. Nice bartenders and servers and a mix of hipsters, locals and visitors. All co-mingle quite well. It can get very crowded and the dining room isn't huge so expect a wait if you come at a peak time for dinner. But there's usually a seat or standing room in the bar area so you can sip on a great beer, watch the game or make some new friends while you wait.I saw this restaurant on Diners Drive ins and Dives, and Guy could not contain his excitement. I was in Philidelphia for just one day attending an event and I could not resist checking this place out! It's a cute little bar and restaurant that felt extremely cozy and welcoming as soon as we walked in. The waiter and bartender were very nice! We ordered the chicken fried chicken and a chicken sandwich, both were delish! The beers they have on tap are equally amazing too. The star of the show is the SMOKED COCONUT. You HAVE TO TRY THIS! Never in my life have I had anything like this before, I love coconut and the smoky flavor of this is just to die for. I would definitely go back for just the smoked coconut and to try a few more things off the menu. If I lived nearby this would be my spot on the regs! Highly highly recommend everyone to check this out!The Memphis burger was amazingly good. The staff was friendly and service was reasonably fast. I would definitely come back againSo as a prelude to this review, allow me to state that this rating is for the service and not the food.  Myself and two friends visited MTR Saturday for the first time; the day their beer garden opened for the first time this season.  I had heard good things from a co-worker and a friend, and since it is off the beaten path, I looked forward to my visit.  Upon entering, I noticed how cool the beer garden was, quaint, but unique.  I felt entering the main front door when entering an establishment for the first time was appropriate, so we did and noticed it was moderately busy.  There is no host or hostess greeting you, so I approached the bar with hopes of obtaining a menu.  When I asked for a printed beer list, a stuffy bartender gave me a thumb wave toward a chalkboard that was barely legible.  Here I will state that I bartend in the city and understand that craft kegs change frequently and thus the chalkboard is a viable option.  But at my bar we have a printed list with the origin, description, ABV, IBU etc.  At MTR, apparently there is nothing.  Quite amateur I know.  Maybe in time, they'll catch on.  
   I asked another bartender to select three beers for me and my party of the Belgian style and he happily obliged (albeit, I later learned they were $10 a beer for 12oz). With these beers we walked through the restaurant and looked to enter the Beer Garden, the dining area led to a black unmarked exit door.  I opened the door and within seconds was screamed at by an employee from the garden: "That is not an exit"  I did note that on the exterior side of the door it stated : "this is not an entrance"- (hard to see from the inside).   Ok, so I won't go this way to the Beer Garden.  We grab three more drinks and close out my tab thinking we can get food and drink in the garden.  $60 for 6 beers, no problem, I never specified a preference as I couldn't read the menu.  So now with my two friends and our fresh beers we attempt to enter the Beer Garden "the conventional way"  from the front/street side.  Within three steps of entering, another employee in a brash abrasive tone belted, Heeeyyyy!  No glasses in the beer garden!"  Now mind you, it was a very mellow scene there and he made both a spectacle of himself and of us.  Anxious to drink, eat, and spend more money, it seemed our time at MTR needed to end as we apparently weren't wanted.  What the two sections aren't connected?  No glasses in your beer garden?  Not a problem in any garden I've been in before... Not Frankford Hall, not real beer gardens in Belgium and Holland.  I guess MTR isn't ready for the big time... at least not yet... 
   We couldn't even order food due to the blowhard staff and poor demarcation and signage in an otherwise cool environment.  It really is a shame as I had heard good things about the food.  With hopes, MTR you will step your game up and attempt to be more affable to patrons in the future.  I mean your beer garden has been open for several years, one would hope you'd iron out the particulars.   I hope to come back in the future, it deserves another chance.For brunch, lunch, dinner, or just drinks the Memphis Taproom is always worth a visit.  They have a great and reasonably priced rotating tap selection complete with a cask.  Their menu is creative and has something for everyone.  I've even briefly suppressed my inner carnivore to try some of the vegan selections and I was pleasantly surprised.  The place is pretty small, so if you're planning on sitting in the dining room for dinner on a weekend evening you may want to get there early.I love you outside space! Just perfect.
Great beer selection. 
Wonderful staff.
Very good food.The beer selection is constantly rotating, and the person choosing them has excellent taste.
The menu rotates regularly too. I don't get to go that often due to its location, and every time I do there are new things to try. They really know their way around a deep-fryer. I recommend the okra if you see it on the menu or as a special. They also make my absolute favorite veggie "burger" in the whole city. It always tastes like it came off of someone's backyard grill, and is made out of lots of wholesome ingredients. 
Service can range from average to molasses-slow in the dining room, but the bartenders are always on top of their area, and generally awesome in many ways. If I somehow was forced to live in this neighborhood, Memphis Taproom would be the thing that would make it tolerable.a local fav!  i live on memphis street so how can i not want the name glorified!   :)
anyway, love the beer selection, the veggie burger, atmosphere and the people/ staff.  did i mention their veggie burger?  yum!!
only negative is that some of their food, in my opinion, is hit or miss.  i don't stray too far from what is tried and true.  ]
either way, love it still!Came here for food and it was pretty decent! I had a spaghetti burger with lentil meatballs and provolone which was creative. My wife had a classic cheeseburger and fries which she said was very good. They had vegan pumpkin cheesecake as well as vegan peanut butter pie, both of which we were able to sample and we're both very good as well! Portions were filling for the prices. Service was good, seems like a fast paced environment.REUBEN!!!!!! Where have you gone my love?! I came here regularly to delight in your pleasures! To taste the tenderness of your flesh and the brightness of your kraut. You were my beloved. Why have you left me?
I have been to this cozy neighborhood joint numerous times. I've tried a ton of things. All are good, some are super (the kielbasa rocks). But the Reuben must have been too close to heaven to stay with us. That sandwich could woo me from my hungover slumber. It could convince me to leave my house and put on human clothes. It was the grandest, I say. Memphis!!! BRING HER BACK!!! 
It was so good my boyfriend and I would literally be walking to a different restaurant, look at each other and say, "Wouldn't a Reuben be better?" turn around and walk to Memphis. Then we'd sit down and BOTH order the succulent hunk of meat love and slip into a heavenly beer food coma.
I could go on. But I won't. You get it. I'm mourning. I just want her back :'''(Can't say enough good things about this place. Been there at least a dozen times. It's a couple blocks from my house and its awesome for eveything, from a great dinner to a good night of drinking. It has the beer garden in the summer which is never as cramped as Frankford Hall, and they play the Phillys games on a projector. Seriously love this place.Five stars every time.  The food is deloishus and the service is so good that it makes me want to BE a waitress again, which is a past I swore a blood oath I'd never look back to.
A warning to the vegans out there. The coconut club.  You WILL initially want to send it back to the kitchen, thinking you accidentally got something with meat in it.  But don't panic! Don't cause a scene. This is a safe space.  Just keep chewing and you'll soon realize: it isn't flesh.  It's just coconut.I was really impressed. The waitress was nice and helped me pick a beer that I liked. And then I ordered the smoked coconut club sandwich. My friend who I was with asked me how I liked it and my response was "When I finally go to get gay-married, I want this sandwich at the reception." I can't wait to go back.Thirstoberfest was fantastic!!  What a great beer selection: Dieu du ciel, La Trappe, Ommegang, and of course the local standards.  I was beyond impressed.  The event was very well organized too.  Most of the beer was outside and a few beers and the food were to be found inside.  It was crowded, but there were no bottlenecks.  Memphis taproom, you are my favorite beer bar...at least for this week.This is a really cool neighborhood spot with a large indoor bar area, tables to sit, and a very pleasant looking alley patio tricked out with string lights. They even have rockem sockem robots sitting on the bar. We just stopped in for a beer, and their selection is large and diverse. We shared an $8 Dogfish draft that was 18% ABV. Dang. It was delicious! The place is chill and welcoming. A nice drinking hole.Read a review of this place in one of my husband's beer magazines (yes, they do exist!) so we figured we give it a try.
Not to far outside center city and even though it was street parking only, it was not hard to find parking very close.
I was honestly surprised that the place was so small, although I am not sure why I would have expected anything bigger considering the size of the homes in the neighborhood.
We waited about 30 minutes for a table and were dare I say delighted to see that what they say on their website is true, they will NOT seat your party unless everyone is there.
Tables were a bit snug but the overall atmosphere was nice and I felt like I was among family and friends. The food was nothing to write home about but the waitress(s) were super nice and accommodating. 
Onion Ring Appetizer with spicy habanaro dipping sauce was a bit on the greasy side.
My entree of chicken fried chicken was massive in portions and was able to take home leftovers and have it for another meal.
Desserts were disappointing and very limited (and if you have read my other reviews, you know I am a dessert lover at heart!)
The people I went with loved the great and diverse selection and beers.
So while the food was not as stellar as I had hoped, it was a nice time out and a great beer selection.been there twice now and the beer's great, the food good.
Excellent choices of beers and all drafts for $4!
The food's ok to good depending.  I imagine they're still working the kinks out.  I had the crispy fried country chicken and it was nice and spicy.
The onion rings were sweet and spicy.  All good so far, though I tried my friends steak frites and it was indeed a bit chewy, but what do you want for $15?
Love this place.I went back last night for dinner with my girlfriend and oh my god....the food was amazing. Perfect. There isnt a thing I would change about my experience last night. 
I got the Port Richmond platter and the fried pickles. Perfection. It was cooked perfectly and the portions were just right. 
My girlfriend got the Spaghetti Sandwich...which she had before and loved. We've actually been waiting for it to show up again on the menu so we could try Memphis Taproom out again. But yeah, that was perfect as well.
The staff knew EVERYTHING about EVERY beer on the menu! That was very very awesome. I wanted to try a few beers, but wasn't sure what style they were. Our waitress (ugh, I forget her name) described the beers I mentioned and even suggested pairings for them. Very nice touch.
This place is so much better than I remember. I'll be back for sure!I got two dirty martini's and they were good. The steak was alright. The waiter knew a lot about mystery science theatre and was pretty good at his job. My friend got the fish and it was alright.Go for brunch, get the Vegan Rooster, Vegan Rooster, Vegan Rooster. Remember that dish, because if you're meat free, that's what you have to order. Coconut bacon, vegan blood sausage, scrambled tofu. Order a Bloody Mary to get your daily dose of veg.We're not from Philly, but each time we've come to Philly, we end up here.
The boy loves the beer list. I mean, I do too, but he is clearly in Heaven when he looks at the board and at the bottle list. He is a kid in a candy store.
The staff is friendly, the food is great and there are many, many options spanning to please the palate of meat lovers or vegans alike. The fries were great, too, which is important. Do not overlook the importance of good fries.
The second time we went, the wait for a table was taking a while longer than expected. We didn't just want to be too buzzed to taste our food (heh), so we gathered some unoccupied tables together by the bar out front and they were cool with it. Great place - if you're on the lookout for good beers, you don't want to miss this spot.Eh. I had high expectations admittedly, and boy were they not met!! Like many others, I bookmarked this place after seeing it on DDD with my favorite spikey blondey celebrity chefy. Lots of hype over this vegan club sandwich and coconut bacon or whatever.  
So we went and tried it. It was okay. But it wasn't anything that spectacular or special. There was no trip to flavor town(sorry, had to). Just a sandwich with some fake bacon and tofu and other normal club sandwich things. Sooooo, okay. That was fine but I would not bother going back for it again.  We also tried the fried pickles, at the recommendation of the server (more on this in a moment). Fried pickles are one of the only fried foods I'll indulge in. These were not worth it at all. Too much breading, not very crispy, oily AF, etc. nope. 
Service -- effective but mediocre.  The server's personality stayed home sick that day or something. He was pleasant but so disinterested and borderline awkward. Turns out he had only worked there for like a week. When we asked about the pickles, looking for some advice, maybe he could've mentioned that ?  Not a big deal but added to the meh factor overall.I almost avoided the Memphis Taproom, just because it's been so over-hyped, and one of the co-owners is a former Nodding Head manager, and I loathe Nodding Head. But I decided to check it out last night anyhow because it's in the neighborhood and I've heard good things. 
First impressions: the staff is very friendly, the decor is comfy and unpretentious, and the prices were decent (on par with JB's). My boyfriend and I shared one of the specials -- a stacked tomato and buffalo mozzarella salad with pesto and basil leaves. It was excellent. I think there were three specials last night, and I liked that our server told us the prices of each special when she listed them. I got the Kielbasy Hoagie: Kielbasa on a toasted roll with kraut, grainy mustard and some kind of cheese; came with fries. It was very good. My boyfriend got the Port Richmond Platter, which consisted of Kielbasa, kraut, two small potato pancakes, and pierogies smother in fried onions. (Notice a theme here?) It was also really good. We shared a dessert that was decent, not great. It was a cross between creme brulee, key lime pie, and coconut tart. It was slightly burnt tasting.
Two minor things kept me from giving Memphis a 5-star review: the menu is pretty small, and the service took a dive when the place started filling up (we waited a while for the check). That said, I'm sure I'll be back.Been here quite a few times as it's located in my neighborhood. I'm not much of a beer fan but all my friends are and LOVED the beer selection here. The food is pretty great, I like their fries a lot. Their menu changes seasonally which is awesome. My personal favorite thing to eat here is the Slow Roast Pork sandwich, not on the current fall menu sadly, but when it returns, get it! It's easily the best pork sandwich I have EVER had. My vegan friend loves their Coconut Club sandwich and the Chicken Fried Portabello, which I have had too and it is really tasty. And the vegan Peanutbutter Pie is soooo good and gooey.
The only bad thing I can think of is that their dining area is reallllly small so sometimes you have to wait a while to get a table and they don't take reservations. And if your table is in the middle area your chair may get bumped by the servers a lot. Also, it's usually loud inside. 
But my general consensus is: AWESOME RESTAURANT.
----------------------------------------------
separate review for the Beer Garden/Hot Dog Truck:
3 stars
I love their hotdogs. Their toppings are so weird and creative, but very tasty. My personal favorite is the California Uber Alles dog which is a BATTERED DEEP FRIED hotdog with avocado, cucumber, picked ginger, carrot, nori, sesame seeds and wasabi mustard. Sounds great right? I reallllly dislike wasabi though so I always ask for no wasabi mustard, and this is where I have a problem. 
3 out of 4 times ordering this hotdog they have put the wasabi mustard on anyway, even when they repeat after me "no wasabi". It's so annoying. So beware when asking for something to be left off of your hotdog. But otherwise, their food is great and the outdoor seating is awesome.GREAT food, and good beer selection, too.  I'm vegetarian, and was wowed by their Smoked Coconut Club -- tasted just like a BLT (probably the most convincing take on "bacon" I've ever had)!  The atmosphere is pretty intimate for a bar, too.  The downside is that it's not in a great area, and if you don't have a car, it's kind of a trek, but it definitely is worth the trouble because the quality of their food is outstanding.Grabbed a couple beers at this place last night for the mystery beer weekend.  It's places like this that make me wish I lived in the city.  Obviously, the beer selection was outstanding (even if this weekend I didn't get to know WHAT I was drinking).  The neighborhood was residential and easy to park in.  The food was tasty (had the hummus and tempura veggies, although the heirloom tomatoes the neighboring table got looked dynamite) and, in contrast to other well known hipster hangouts in whatever you want to call this area, the wait staff was genuinely friendly despite being busy.  They've got a good thing going on here....hope they can keep it up.great beer selection.
welcoming, friendly atmosphere but food is inconsistent.
sometimes really good, other times just so-so.
had the chicken fried chicken months ago - really good
had it again recently - tasteless chicken nuggets (but larger),
mac and cheese was awful - more like warmed over mac salad
stale sliver of corn bread
chard was so-so but sauce slopped onto plate
wanted to like my meal but was so disappointed
not sure i'll be back anytime soon.Fun server and good food!  I was pleasantly surprised with the variety in the menu and quality of ingredients.I am a fan!  Just went for my fourth visit and it was just as good as my prior three.  I dragged friends there for brunch and not only did we love the food, but we also had a grand old time.  The place is so relaxed that I think everyone feels comfortable in their own skin while they are there.  For dinner my favorite is the Port Richmond Platter... a real find for anyone who has a little Polish in them.  Pair that with one of the great craft beers and you've got it made.Gotta be honest, (as always) we were disappointed with the food this time around. I remember my first visit and really expected more of the same greatness.  
Quiet Saturday afternoon with only 1 table being used in the dining room and a few outside at the beer garden. Several people at the bar so the service was great, friendly and quick. Now to the food sorry, but that's were my fun ended, ordered a pulled pork sandwich which had sharp provolone, garlic mayo (way too much) and topped off with cilantro. The Pork was bland and a bit dry. From looking at the menu it appears that Memphis Taproom tries to take their food to another level which is good but something's are better left as is. Maybe I came on a bad day or maybe I ordered the wrong thing but when you see  overall rating of 4.5 stars you expect better well at least I do. 
Looks like the beer garden (although small) is a great place to bring some friends and chill.Very cool spot to go in the summer, they have a nice outdoor alley area with picnic tables, a food truck, and canned craft beerWe came here for Saturday brunch after seeing it on "Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives." Our food was plentiful, yummy, and interesting: baked oatmeal, "Red Rooster," "Vegan Rooster," Steak Bomb Spuds, (spicy) Bloody Mary. Service was attentive and cheerful. Prices were good! We'll be back.You won't be disappointed here. The ever changing seasonal and fresh menu pairs with a stellar also ever changing beer selection. A great representation of the neighborhood with PBC always available this is a definite staple for pub grubbers. Only downside is sometimes noisy.  Service is also a plus as they are very attentive and accomodating.I finally made it to Memphis Taproom after several suggestions from friends.  What a fantastic spot!  My husband and I stopped in last Friday afternoon.  The bartender and staff were extremely pleasant, knowledgeable and on their game.  The beer selection has to be one of the best in the city.  
We split the pilsner brined wings and the Port Richmond Platter.  The wings were extremely moist and the sauce was what tasted like a very traditional wing sauce, nothing wrong with that!  The blue cheese buttermilk dressing is chunky but thin enough to coat the whole wing.  The dressing is a great compliment to the already fabulous wings!  Now the Port Richmond Platter, that was impressive.  I am a kielbasa lover and that is the best grilled kielbasa I have ever had!  Accompanied by sauerkraut and crispy, tasty, little potato pancakes.  The pièce de résistance would be the pierogies!   So much flavor in every bite!  I thought we would surely have to arm wrestle over the last bit on the plate!  
We had a small chat with the owner about Yelp reviews and decided we needed to give him a 5 star review.   Well deserved.  We will definitely be back!Love this place. The coconut bacon vegan sandwich is awesome . We always have the same server, really cool dude with glasses . Comfy, simple, yet deliciousGreat and ever-on-the-move beer selection, and a really creative but not overly-so menu, artfully designed to truly complement the wonderful beers.  The atmosphere is particularly good here, with a nice blend of regulars and first-timers, and a knowledgeable, fun, and friendly staff.  I'm particularly struck by the unusually good natural lighting that gives it a perfect blend of secure comfort and bright airiness.  Recently watched a World Cup match here and it was truly the perfect place to do it.
The fried pickles, suicide wings, and the awesome "Port Richmond Platter" go perfectly with beer and are all recommended.
Really the only down-side to this place is the location:  I know, I know... Fishtown is an "up and comer" but this Philadelphian has yet to come around to that notion, and the drive to Memphis Tap is always something I find a bit "hairy".  But hey, Fishtown isn't all THAT bad I guess, and creds to Memphis Tap for doing their part to make the vision of a new and better Fishtown a reality.  I look forward to the day when the neighborhood ends up being what people envision for it, and we can all point to Memphis Tap as the place that started it all.The service, staff, and beer are fantastic.  I've come here since they opened, but the food has always fallen flat on its face.  I have given them 4 brunches and 3 dinners over the last 3 years and vowed never to eat there again after sending my food back at almost every meal.  They try very hard to upscale the menu, but it backfires.  They just got a new chef, so I tried again on Sunday.  8 people at brunch, everyone's food was cold when it came out an hour after we ordered, and one meal was incorrect...which took 30 more minutes to rectify.  I love it as a bar, but not so much as an eatery.  I've told the owner several times of my dissappointments, and he takes criticism very well, but nothing has changed in my eyes.
Update:  I was told the printer was down in the kitchen on that day, which, having worked in a kitchen, I know it can ruin an already busy day.  I am going to give them another shot since the owner contacted me directly.  Again, love the bar, the people, and the beer.  One more try.  PS: I added a star as 2 stars was a bit harsh.
Update:  Have been back again, once to try the beer garden and once again for dinner.  Beer garden = delicious.  New menu is on par and quite wonderful, I have added another star as I think the owner (B) really loves this place, and now I do too.First time at the Memphis Taproom. Great beer, great food, great service, great ambiance! Highly recommend the beer sampler, and chicken fried chicken. Amazingly light and delicious! We will definitely go back soon!The food is usually well above bar fare, and it's often sublime.  Head chef Jesse Kimball certainly does a bang up job.  The beer is all good stuff, well reviewed, with a bent towards hop heads like owner Brendan Hartranft.  But the vintage bottle selection is what I normally turn to. 
The last time I was there the bartender (dumpy, lotta hair, think he had a beard) took my plate away from me as I was lifting a bite to my mouth.  Didn't even ask if I was finished eating, just walked away with my last few bites.  His lack of hospitality did not stop there.  Our whole meal, his message became less and less sublte, "It's late, I'm tired, and my boss isn't here.  Go home, people."  Brendan & Leigh are tenacious about maintaining all 3 of their places, and they can be very quick to adjust staff.  So Lazy McManners has probably been "adjusted".  And the rest of the staff is great.
Besides, I won't let one bad experience ruin a great place for me.  Especially when I've had a dozen other visits that were well worth the long trip up to Memphis & Cumberland.  MTR is a must try -and once you try it, you will most likely be back soon.Stellar draught beer selection + fresh, flavorful, organic food + friendly neighborhood bar feel = utterly winning combo.  I'm in love.
When I say "stellar draught beer selection," I'm talkin' Lagunitas Hairy Eyeball, a delicious, heavily-malted sud; the funky, spicy, earthy Blaugies Darbyste; and the PA brewed Sly Fox Pineland, a German-style pils.  And at happy hour, these pints are FOUR DOLLARS, people.  Best of all, MT sees its way fit to extending these amazing prices to the dining room instead of limiting them to the bar up front.  And apparently they've just opened a beer garden on the adjacent patio -- mental note to return in nice weather.
When I say "fresh, flavorful, organic food," I'm talkin' classics kicked up a notch.  Beer battered kosher dill pickles served with a horseradish cream and hummus made with Hefeweisen.  Moms and I shared two entrées and could hardly decide which was better.  The Smoked Coconut Club Sandwich held delectable, grilled lemon-garlic tofu, peels of house-smoked coconut, lettuce, tomato, and tomato herb mayo within its grainy slices of bread.  The smoked coconut tasted nearly exactly like cured bacon.  Insane.  The hand-cut fries piled on the plate with the sammie were extraordinarily crisp and tasty.  Cauliflower Mac 'n' Cheese was a glorious amalgam of Bellavitano cheese (like a cheddar-parm hybrid), roasted cauliflower purée, fried cauliflower, and fenugreek oil.  Mac 'n' cheese perfection on a plate with the macaroni cooked al dente and the cauliflower/cheese sauce nicely gooey.  Heavenly.  MT has a huge number of vegetarian *and* vegan options (like roasted seitan Shepherd's Pie!) -- all conveniently marked as such -- on their menu.  Coming from DC, prices seem ludicrously affordable, too.  Eight bones for that Club?  Twelve for the Mac 'n' Cheese?  Ridiculous.
When I say "friendly neighborhood bar feel," I'm talkin' Kensington, well outside of downtown Philly.  I'm talkin' a bar plopped next to rowhouses where the locals come to drink that excellent beer and eat that excellent food.  Where the service is exceptionally warm and engaging.  Yet another Philadelphia find that I wish were in *my* neighborhood.  
[15 Minutes of Fame: "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives: From Pork to Tofu"]Great beer, friendly staff, yummy food.  Especially like the fried pickles and coconut tofu club"Looks can be deceiving" is an extremely suitable phrase for Memphis Taproom in the positive sense. It's right smack in the middle of a residential area with barely visible signage to let you know that corner door is the entrance to a pub rather than a residential home. 
The beers on tap weren't all encompassing but it was extensive for the size of the place with 8-10 different beers on tap. 
The biggest thing I was surprised with was the food. Between me and 3 friends, we tried four entrees/sandwiches and one appetizer. The Chili Cheese Fries were standard and nothing to write home about.  In order from best to worst tasting:
1) Slow Roast Pork Sandwich - Really really good sandwich on a great piece of bread. It wasn't earth shattering but the bread always makes the sandwich for me and the moist pork put it over the top. Fries that came with it were also good.
2) Chicken Fried Chicken - White meat chicken tenders that were surprisingly juicy. The habanero mustard sauce was great to dip and the macaroni salad was good and not overly oily like some places make it.
3) Green Chile Mac & Cheese - This was not the mac & cheese that I normally think of when I order mac & cheese. It was more pasta with shredded cheese thrown in, which melted in the bottom but not on the top. It was an okay dish that would've been better had the cheese been mixed in better and melted all throughout.
4) Fish & Chips - The batter to fish ratio was off for me with too much on the batter side. It also wasn't as crispy as I like my fish & chips. 
Overall, I was impressed with the food and the service. The only knock is the location, which is out of the way for most people that don't live in the nearby area. If I do come back, I would definitely want to try the Smoke Coconut Club sandwich based on the waiter's recommendation and all the reviews of it.At Memphis taproom on a Thursday night and the bar is very lively. Our bartender is a fantastic guide to the beers on tap and a great source of entertainment. My visit has been nothing but great food, drinks and company. Definitely recommendI would've given the Memphis Taproom a one star if not for that I like it so much. 
The food is obnoxiously delicious, the beer list overwhelmingly awesome, and it makes me angry how hospitable the service always is to its guests. They could've at the very least ignored my empty water glass, yet they decided to go the attentive route like responsible adults. Pathetic. 
Screw this place.  It's amazing, and you have to try it.Took a drive from south jersey on a Sunday afternoon to check out the Memphis Taproom. I didn't realize we would be limited to a brunch menu, but the food was very good and the beer selection was even better.Original review was :::
They are associated with pizza brain and gay ducket who discriminate against Phillys finest. They are police haters and bashers. I'll never go there again. :::
After my initial review the owner of the taproom ensured me that they have severed ties with Gary ducket and pizza brain before my review. Id like to apologize to the taproom and thank them for bringing this to my intention.  They do have a good product. But customer service and beliefs win every time for me so I'll be back.Went back with family and friend for visit number two.  Server was very friendly and helpful.  Food was excellent, although a little on the greasy side.  Air was nice and cool even though it was super hot outside.  Great spot.Overall a top-tier dining and drinking experience.  I ordered the fried chicken platter ($14), and everything on the plate--macaroni, greens, corn bread, and chicken--was delectable.  The chicken was particularly well-spiced and prepared.  I savored every bite, and it was so tender it felt like it was melting in my mouth.  The quality of the food, given the price, was definitely five-star.  The bartender/waiter was gracious, friendly, and helpful, in a way that made it seem like he genuinely enjoyed his job.    
Just a few small complaints keep this place from getting my five star rating.  First, the fried chicken platter contained three boneless chicken strips.  I am 100% fine with boneless chicken, but when the menu says "fried chicken," it is not really what I am expecting.  The menu should be clarified to indicate that the "fried chicken" platter contains boneless chicken, not the traditional, bone-in fried chicken parts.  
Second, there are no prices posted on the chalkboard that lists the beers on draft.  This creates a situation where the price-conscious diner either needs to ask the waiter for the prices (awkward and a hassle), or limit her order to avoid accumulating too big of a bill.  A price list would have allowed me to know exactly what I was spending.  Instead, to avoid spending too much, I had just one beer.  When I got the bill, it turned out that the beer price was perfectly reasonable, $5 for a nice microbrew, and I would have ordered more had I known this before.Had a really great meal at Memphis Taproom last night, which started off in the beer garden and ended at the bar inside. Here are the deets:
1. You can't bring in beer from the outside to the inside and vice versa. The food menus are different, the outside offers cans only, and cash only. As far as I'm concerned, Memphis Taproom and the beer garden may as well not be associated with either other. The only thing they share is a bathroom.
2. There are loads of beer and wine on tap. I drank a lovely French rose for $8/glass, which I quickly made unclassy by diving into an order of fried pickles.
3. They were the best fried pickles I've ever had. No slices, no mushy breading that falls right off, no congealed dipping sauce. Crispy spears, beer battered and crunchy with a quality dipper. Highly recommend.
4. Also ordered a cheese plate, mac & cheese, and kale salad (for balance). Mac & cheese was out of control (pesto! asparagus!) and the kale salad had an Asian twist to it (peanuts! chiles!). Both portions were huge and great for sharing.
5. I'm already looking forward to returning. More so the inside than the out.great place! nice comfy environment. next time i def want to try the fried pickles, i heard they were delish! MY FAV THING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS THAT IT COMPLETELY SATISFIES MY BOYFRIENDS MANLY MEATY INSTINCTS, AND MY VEGAN CURIOSITIES AT THE SAME TIME. and a good beer. Memphis tap room gives us this. He has beer with his breakfast. i have my coffee. this place is such a nice blend for people like us.
i'm almost worried about telling too many ppl about this hidden jem. but they deserve a lot of credit.Went to Memphis for weekend brunch. My daughter is vegetarian and I am vegan. Had multiple choices from the menu. My daughter got the tofu club and I got tofu scrambler. Portions were large and the entrees and accompanying food were excellent.  One of the best vegetarian meals we have had in the Philadelphia area. Menu clearly marks vegetarian and vegan options. Looking forward to going back and trying the dinner menu.The food here is fantastic, they have a great selection of beers on tap, and the servers/bartenders are knowledgable and really nice.  
The coconut tofu club is amaaazing.  There are crunchy smoked coconut bits in the sandwich that taste exactly like bacon.  Everyone that I ate with loved the fried pickles, but I think they're just not my thing.  Despite being fried, the pickles were surprisingly very crunchy, but I found the batter to be a bit too doughy and thick.  The wings were pretty enormous and were fantastic.  The bartender also recommended a Samuel Smith organic cider, which was great- not too sweet for a cider.  
There was no wait for a table on a Friday night, the food came out fast and the ambience is great here. I will definitely be back.I'm not exaggerating when I say this was a life-changing meal. I don't know why it's taken me so long to write this review. You guys. The Spaghetti Sandwich. Seriously, the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. In. My. Life. And the fries were great. OMG and the peanut butter pie with the most perfect layer of chocolate between pie filling and crust. OMG.
Also notable, great service, very friendly, great atmosphere. I would go to Memphis a lot more often if it was closer, which is probably a good thing. Definitely a special treat. 
Try the Spaghetti Sandwich, whether you're vegan or not. It's the stuff food dreams are made of.I knew I was going to like this place as soon as we walked in, as there was a picture of Tillie (the funny clown looking character that is the mascot of Asbury Park, NJ) hanging on the wall next to the bar. I probably threw a lot of people off with that, so let me start over. 
Sometimes I question just how good places featured on the Food Network really are. I've been to some good ones, some duds, and some that l feel are simply overhyped. The Memphis Taproom easily crushed any doubts that I had, as their food, beer, and excellent service completely surpassed my expectations. 
Once we were seated in the dining room area, we studied the black chalkboard, which listed their selection of beers on tap. My memory fails me yet again, as I can't recall what we ordered to drink, but I can tell you that the beers were nothing short of delicious, intriguing, and served as a perfect compliment to our food, which was the main star of the show. 
Prior to my visit to the Memphis Taproom, I did not know how good toasted coconut really tasted. To say that my mind was blown would be an understatment. Whenever I could, I stole bites of my girlfriend's delicious smoked coconut club, which dare I say, kinda tasted like bacon. However, I can't finish this review without mentioning my sandwich; the roasted mushroom grinder. This sandwich consists of provolone, garlic mayo, cherry tomatoes, onions, and shredded lettuce. It too was scrumptious and was worth getting without question. 
You will think I'm crazy for not getting the pickles, and in retrospect I know it was kind of a fail on my part. Even though I am not a pickle fan, next time I plan on manning up and diving in, as I hear that they are unlike any other fried pickles. With an experience such as ours that included excellent beer, food, and service, I don't think we'll have any problem making it back in.I was really impressed with this place. I thought parking would be terrible, but it was actually really easy. Though I suppose in the summer it gets a bit more difficult.  First of all, the beer selection is great. There are also a lot of good apps - my favorite was the suicide rings. If you're a vegan or vegetarian, you must get the coconut club. Could have done without the tofu, to be honest. And I don't love the vegan shepherds pie, but their peanut butter pie is ridiculously good. I think it's vegan. I will definitely be back in the summer when the beer garden is open.MTR is a good hipster craft bar type place.  Not the best in the city, but close by and solid.  Beer selection is pretty good and the waiters are knowledgable about what they are pouring. 
Food is pretty good-lots of vegan options so it is certainly popular amongst that crowd.  The fried pickles are great. I'm usually partial to the chips, but MTR does the spears right!
I've been here twice, and both sandwiches I got were fine. I just wish they would change up their menu a bit. It was about six months in between visits and everything was the same. 
The inside tends to be crowded and slightly cramped, but I've never felt rushed when eating here. I can't wait to check out the beer garden though!Went on opening day for their hotdog and canned beer truck outside
Nothing says hipster like gourmet hot dogs with some sort of pickled topping! hehe
Get there early if you want a seat
The only downside was because it was so hipster people thought it was cool to bring their coughing/sniffling little kids to a BAR
its a bar people, leave the kiddos at home
..maybe its just me but I want a toddler screaming free zone when I hang out with friends on a lazy Saturday afternoon
anyways I'd probably go again but the outdoor beer selection wasn't THAT great for me at least (almost entirely IPAs and Pale Ales) 
Combine that with the double wide stroller clientele and I'm not as inclined to venture this far north for a beer
NOTE: is CASH ONLY but there's a few ATMs around the cornerMemphis Taproom is sort of off the beaten path but well worth the trek.  This place has really great vegan bbq (made with seitan) - it's so good you have to try it even if you're not a vegetarian.  They also have an amazing beer selection and delicious southern-style appetizers.  Yummy.Had the beef-and-onion pasties, two fairly small half moons of deep fried dough filled with only stringy beef with a spicy mayonnaise sauce. Nothing else with them. Nine dollars. C'mon, this is Kensington, not Center City or NYC; $4.50 apiece? Yelpers, avoid this particular ripoff on MT's menu.
Excellent, delicious beer selection, so I will be back for another go. Bartender was, eh. It was busy, but he was inattentive. I'll try a slower time.
The "beer garden", which is picnic tables on asphalt out back, serves hot dogs and canned beer literally from a truck. Um, I think you can duplicate the experience sitting on your stoop for a lot less money, but that's your call.I come here as my last food resort, usually when I'm coming back from work in late hours... They offer a few Vegatarian dishes, and frequently change they're menu therefore my favorite from last time may not be there this time. 
Overall not the highball good experience, but tasty enough. Very hipster, very chill, which is very much the way this neighborhood rolls...This place is probably in my Top 3 for best bar/pub/taprooms in Philadelphia. I've never had a bad time here. The service is always great. Very friendly staff. Great beer and food selection. Many many options on the menu whether you're a carnivore or herbivore. The staff a very wide knowledge of all the beers they carry so if you're that Budweiser/Miller/PBR drinker that usually would never drink a micro brew you might be up for living on the edge should you ever decide to visit the Memphis Taproom.Overrated.  
I was soooo looking forward to a Friday night excursion into town.  We initially stopped at Kraftworks for our first beer (shoulda stayed there), and then headed 6 minutes over to Memphis.  Although the service was good for a packed house, the rest of the experience was 'meh'.
By the time my beer came to the table, the 2+ inch foam had receded like a 50 year old's hairline.   That 12 oz glass maybe had 8 oz of beer in it.  The beer selection was OK, I just wasn't happy with 2/3rds of a beer for the price of 3/3rds.
The charred string beans were tough and chewy.  I appreciate the attempt at crispness of the fine veg, but I guess it was the quality that was lacking that enabled the beans to be tough and stringy.  The remoulade accompaniment was nicely spicy.  The fried cauliflower was average at best.  Not something I would ever order again. 
The heirloom apple salad was tasty and fresh.  There wasn't too much creativity nor substance with only spinach, 2 tiny pieces of pork, 5 pistachios and a few slices of apple.  My friend had the fish tacos special, two tiny tacos, and I didn't taste them, so I will rely on his opinion that they were OK.
The menu was quaint [read:limited].  I'm not rushing back any time soon.I've been to Memphis Taproom 3 times, so far. I think the food is great, the service is great (knowledgable staff), and the atmosphere rocks! I love visiting bars and restaurants where everyone seems to be in a great mood. Though it's loud, we'll say boisterous, it's welcoming and lively! 
The food is consistently great. I try something new each time. I remember the first time, I had the pork sandwich, expecting pork bbq, and it wasn't with bbq, but it was still delicious, and hot! I had the chicken fingers dinner with mac and cheese the second time - equally scrumptious. Then, yesterday, I was there for the no-repeat week (beers on tap). I had the Mams's Little Yellow Pill, I think. Very smooth, yet tasty, light-hearted beer. Started with the cheddar soup with a cider touch, and I haven't had soup that great this entire winter season! I fell in love with the battered dill pickles dipped in Horseradish sauce. Loved. Them. My brisket burger was not too big, as some gastropubs seem to do to me (I am small!!), but not too small, either. Just right. I almost cleaned my plate.
Go here.Went to this place recently with one of my long time friends. We were looking for a place to chill out that was a little laid back, had a selection of quality beers, and where we could grab dinner at the bar - memphis taproom fit the bill.
The beers were pretty solid, not a bad one in the pack - and a lot to offer. The appetizers and main courses were all very good and came quickly. The service was very helpful as well - offering personal opinions and clarification as required.This place is a diamond in the rough! A far cry from just "another bar" food is excellent beer even better!Bring back the vegan chili!  and i'm not vegan but it is the best chili I have ever tasted.  PLEASE bring it back to the menu!The beer selection is always excellent and always changing, and the staff is incredibly knowledgable and helpful.
The fried pickles are delectable, and the Smoked Coconut Club is so good the bartender high-fived me for ordering it, really.  The veggie burger, however, was just ok.
I love having this place in the neighborhood, I am never disappointed.I went to Memphis Taproom a couple of years ago and it was forgettable (literally, I forgot the name of it).  Flash forward to this past month, though, and it was anything but.  The inside has been redone and the menu has gotten a kick in the ass since my last visit.  They have a lot of great sandwiches, burgers, and vegan/vegetarian options.  We ordered the hefeweizen hummus and the fried green tomatoes to share; both dishes were delicious and were easy to split between four people.  For dinner, I got the eggplant rollatini.  It wasn't a very fancy dish, but the flavors were there and the portion was a decent size.  I ended up having half of it wrapped and it reheated well.  The chicken-fried portobello sandwich looked fantastic and the smoked coconut club was excellent (I'm still not sure how they got coconut shreds to have a bacon consistency).  I'm not in this neighborhood much, but I was happy I came up this way to try them out again.  Memphis Taproom delivered.  I won't forget this place again.The Memphis Tap Room: BELIEVE the hype.
I love the space.  It's smaller than I had imagined, but cozy and designed in a way that still makes it hip, but not so much that they're trying too hard like too many other "gastropubs".
They've done a wonderful job carefully choosing their drafts - I was in a cider mood, so I went with the Original Sin Apple Cider - sweet, light, and crisp.  The draft menu spans all beer preferences and tastes - so there's certainly a bit of everything for beer snobs and novices alike.  I didn't even check the bottle menu, but I'll bet that's intimidating.
The food is high on quality, quantity, and taste.  How could a Jersey tomato salad - with three slices of tomato, olive oil marinated tofu, basil, all drenched in pesto - be so filling?  Apparently here.  I wasn't feeling a big sandwich or fries, so this salad hit the spot.  Though the fries were wonderfully tasty.  Next time.
Finally, we ended on a slice of lemon cheesecake - which again, was decadent from the taste alone.  
Port Fishington is a bit of a hike from West Philly, but it's definitely worth it. I will be back ASAP.Excellent selection of beers. Great upscale bar food. Also, if you ask the bartender Nic about his corduroy jacket, his look of consternation will keep you warm on a cold winter's night.Memphis is a great option for vegans that like good beer. The menu is marked with symbols that inform you what is vegetarian/vegan. In the past I've had the hummus and veggie curry over rice which were both good. I returned last night with a friend and we split the tofu coconut club and pumpkin potpie . Both dishes were delicious and I would order again . The pumpkin pot pie was a little overpriced at 14 dollars but decent portion. 
Atmosphere -the bar is extremely dark which I prefer but could see others disliking the lighting situation . Bartender was very nice and makes beer suggestions/ offers samples . If you don't know the place you can easily miss it from the outside so I suggest really keeping your eyes peeled on your first visit.FINALLY made my way to MT Monday night. Had a round of Dogfish Head Truth Serum, then zeroed in on the very top item of the draft lineup: Bell's Expedition Stout on Nitro. That really made my night. Looking forward to my next visit, **especially** as soon as MT signs up for the Shop Local program!!
https://www.shop.com/shoplocal/merchantsLast time I went to the Memphis Taproom it was Mystery Beer Weekend, I drank beers I didn't like and didn't know the names of. 
I was excited to head back and see what their regular beer list was like, but when I went back and it was German Beer Weekend. This place loves drinking games. I had great food and great service, but had to order a bottled beer, cause I'm just not that into German beer. 
I want my beer to be black. I want it to come out of a tap. Year round.
Went back again for brunch and there was finally a stout on draught! Egg in a nest with roasted mushrooms and an imperial stout make for a good morning. Hopefully they have a festive stouts weekend sometime soon!DEEP FRIED PICKLES! YES! These things never disappoint. The batter they are fried in is almost cake like. Its very soft with a light crunch and very doughy. They are always always perfection.
I got the Pork Sandwich. The pork was very very tender. Tasted like it was slow cooked for weeks. It just fell apart in your mouth.
The waitresses were attentive and knowledgeable about the beer list. The beer list was awesome too. I always look over Memphis Taproom when I'm in the mood for a beer.....not sure why. They were pouring some beers that no one else in Philly was pouring. 
This place is top notch.This little place on the corner is awesome!  Two blocks up from my little brothers house!  We walked here and he ordered the smoked coconut club sandwich (a vegan tofu version of a BLT).Our friends had suggested we all go here for brunch.  So, on a Saturday at 11 am, we did just that.
The place is cute and located in a really cute part of Port Richmond.  I went with the vegan Banana French Toast which was actually really good.  The portion was just right.  I also got a Bloody Mary which was OUT OF THIS WORLD!  
The only complaint I have is the "hipster-type-I'm-better-than-you" attitude that the waitstaff had.  You serve food - you are not brain surgeons, so lose the attitude and refill my drink.  Thanks.After reading numerous great reviews for this place on Yelp, I decided to try it out with my "freshly moved to Kensington" friends. Our waitress (Marie) was super attentive, sweet and helpful and let us know that they were known for their burgers (which I was planning on getting anyway) and gave us the percentage breakdown, that of course I forget now, of what exactly the meat was made of. I do remember that they grind the meat on site, which was pretty cool. She did warn us that the bacon was $1.50 per slice but said the burger didn't really need extra flavor anyway. She was SO right! I could eat one of those burgers every day. After cleaning our plates we got the bill (that came rolled in a samurai head mug... awesome!) and were floored by the low totals! I will definitely be back soon.Great food and great beer selection sums up this place very well. They have the best fried pickles I've ever had.  A visit is not complete without them. Mostly recently we had the chili-Mac. Which is macaroni and cheese topped with chili. It was amazing. The buffalo wings are good as well. I love the large selection of beers. The bartenders are always knowledgeable about the beers on tap. The beer garden they have is also pretty cool. On weekends they show movies in the beer garden.  My only complaint is that the beer garden is a separate entity from the bar. The food truck in the beer garden only takes cash. And you can't order from the bar menu in the beer garden. However the food truck in the beer garden has some tasty gourmet all beef got dogs. This is probably one of my favorite gastro pubs in the city.i love this place! everyone that works there has an awesome attitude and the food is always yummy. the menu changes occassionally, which i like because it keeps things fresh and interesting while maintaining steadfast favorites.Disclaimer:  I am not a vegan, nor am I a vegetarian.
Just try the crazy vegan shit.  you will have your mind blown.I have a feeling that I will make another update to my rating in the future, but for now, upgrading to three stars is fair. I went back to Memphis Taproom last night after having a conversation with someone intimately tied up in the bar (and also because I wasn't comfortable with writing this place off altogether). While I might not be thrilled by their food, if I just look to the Taproom to satisfy my beer needs then I find it very satisfying. The variety is very good and our bartended last night (Jess I believe) was very attentive and knew enough to satisfy the patrons. I had forgotten one nice touch the Taproom does with the draft beers - they list on the chalkboard of current draft options the next kegs that are to be tapped. It is nice that they let the patrons know this, it is an inclusive gesture, and subtely (and nicely) encourages people to return. 
Now if only they would serve their beers just a little bit warmer......:) But I am a Brit at heart, no ice and no cold beer for me!i was going to give memphis four stars for their excellent vegan sandwiches (mom and i split the smoked coconut club and the bbq seitan-- both were incredible), great atmosphere, and very friendly/fast service. then i opened up the ketchup bottle and it made a popping sound. a brand new ketchup bottle! call me howard hughes, but sometimes it is nice to get first dibs at a thing before everyone else gets their paws all over it. 
really though, i would gladly go back here any day of the week-- new ketchup bottles or not-- and would definitely recommend it to a vegan who has omnivores to entertain, or vice versa.Memphis Tap Room has a strong selection of seasonal beers on tap and via an extensive menu of bottled beers.  Since we were there in the winter, they had lots of very strong, high-alcohol, "sipping" beers on tap.  For all the choices though, I didn't feel there was a variety of draft beers to suit the different tastes in our group - if you wanted a lighter beer, you didn't have a lot of choices;  if seasonal winter brews were your thing, you'd be set.
There's not a lot of room in the bar, and you'll end up waiting for a dinner table if it's a busy weekend.   The food is decent - brunch is what you would expect, and the dinner fare takes more organic and vegetarian chances than you'd expect for the neighborhood.
Staff is friendly and helpful.   Crowd seems to be a good mix of locals and friendly hipster types.   People can't seem to decide what neighborhood this is in -   it's in what the locals call "St. Anne's Parish" because it's North of York St.   It's not anywhere near a train station, so bring a bike or your car.I like this place. It's one of the few bars that I feel perfectly comfortable going in by myself and sitting at the bar & hanging out.  The beer list is superb, and the obvious focus of the owner. The wine is usually *not* that good (the owner claims its decent but I've had truly terrible glasses here and learned not to trust it). I kind of wish they would at least *try* to have good wine choices b/c there are plenty of days when I just want a nice whisky cocktail or a good glass of wine, and on those days I have to skip Memphis. Which is a bummer b/c  its on my way home from work and might be quite convenient!! Even a manhattan is a kind of so-so experience.  If I am in the mood for beer, it's ideal. The food is generally good. Not amazing and not, I would say, the best (or one of the best) gastropub in the city (Pub and Kitchen is far superior), but at least you know that you can get amazing beer and something pretty good to eat. No wine, though (drat!). It can get really busy in the front (bar) on a friday night or weekend, but there is a seating area i the back so don't be afraid to just wade on through the crowd to check it out. I will definitely continue to go to Memphis.Watch next January for the Taproom's premiere on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives," even though it is none of those things. It's an amazing neighborhood bar tha happens to serve damn fine vegetarian and vegan food along with some local classics (get the smoked coconut club sandwich - it's astounding). They also feature incredible boutique beers - and the nicest staff ever. Parking is plentiful and the neighborhood is blooming. I've brought dozens of people to the Memphis Taproom and all of them have loved it.We tried a new place tonight which we had been hearing so much about. We were very disappointed. The highlight- they had Pliny the Elder on tap!! Anyone who loves beer knows that is a win. But, that is where the win ends. The bartender only wanted to serve people at the bar that he knew. Or, the people who had a million tattoos and looked liked they were Fishtown locals. When we called him out on that he was overly obnoxious.  Thanks jerk off, I will never be back.  We did have dinner, food was just ok. My advice, do not bother venturing way up there. Save your über fair!!!I thought we were on our way to Ida Mae's but my boyfriend tricked me and we walked on over to the Memphis Tap room. I thought it was more of a bar and dinner place, and was pleasantly surprised. We were there for brunch on over the Memorial Day weekend. SO... it was not crowded which is my favorite part of dining over this weekend - the city is truly yours. The place is totally cute, the food is amazing. You have to try the bloody mary it is spicy and chock full of horseradish. Our server Jen was awesome and friendly. Food fresh and tasty, I will be back to try dinner. I highly recommend heading over to support a new business to the neighborhood! Yet another reason to stay local. For the people complaining about the prices - for fresh and delicious food you can not complain about prices, they were fine... If you want a cheap breakfast, I think dunkin donuts has specials right now on their sandwiches.I hosted a 50th birthday celebration for my husband including a handful of kids and teenagers at the Memphis Taproom. The weather was beautiful, so they sat us at large picnic tables in their beautiful beer garden which is tented to block the sun. 
The food and drink (of course - amazing beer selection) were wonderful. We ordered fried pickles, onion rings, salads, and hummus as apps for everyone - all homemade and delicious. Everyone also enjoyed their meals, which they ordered off the menu. They have everything from fried chicken and burgers to eclectic vegan and vegetarian options. 
The owner and general manager helped make planning this event easy, and the service was wonderful. I highly recommend going to the Memphis Taproom for a drink, a meal, or as a venue for hosting a party.I'm a huge fan of Memphis Taproom. The only reason that I'm going for 4 stars instead of 5 is that it gets a bit pricey. That said, the food is delicious, easily some of the best fish & chips I've had in Philly. The bartenders are all really nice and they know how to make a good stiff drink. It definitely doesn't hurt that it's like a 5 minute walk from my house.Good fries, but not impressed by the coconut club sandwich.   My husband had the burger which he enjoyed and there is a good beer selection.    Nice wait staff and would come back to try another menu option if we were in the area.  It isn't good enough for us to make a trip or there.Darkly lit and great beer collection. The food is fried and delicious. The lights kept dimming on and off, and seating was a bit crowded, but the food and staff more than made up for it.Prob 3.5 stars. Great bottle selection. No coke products but they have Dr. P and black cherry wishniak. Draft list has good stuff but not as much as you'd think for the name of the place. 
The service was great. Liked our waitress. Sassy, but not too sassy. And punctual. Layout is nice too. Real homey feel. If I lived close I'd prob go a lot more obviously. As is though, the food is not really enough of a draw to get me to come out there. 
Started with some chicken fried cauliflower which had a nice crisp but the portion size was quite small for 8 bucks. It came with like a horseradish coleslaw which was a little over powering when eaten by itself, but complimented the cauliflower nicely i thought. Also got some kinda spiced onion "rings" with habanero cream sauce. Let me be clear about this cause it was probably the most disappointing part: These are NOT onion rings. They are like shaved onion slivers at best. They did have a decent spice to them, but were entirely too salty and basically like eating just fried crumbs. I also got the brisket sandwich, which I added mushrooms to. The waitress wasn't sure if the chef would add them, because apparently i was insulting his delicate sensibilities. But he did oblige and if I do say so they kinda tied the whole sandwich together. At least for the taste I was going for. The brisket was a little on the dry side considering the sandwich had beer gravy..but it was still a good sandwich. I would have probably preferred in on brioche, but I can understand not wanting to go brioche crazy like so many places these days.  I also tried the roast pork sandwich. It was solid, but nothing amazing, though my friend disagreed, he went apeshit for it. That's a tough sandwich to stand out in my mind in the city of brotherly love. 
So that's about it. I'd stop in if I'm back in the hood. I'd rank it above like the abbaye and north 3rd, but below south philly tap room and krafwerk. Probably some really good items I didn't get to try so I'll be back.  There's just so many of these exact type of places all over the city it's hard to get someone to drive all the way back a specific hood to dine again without it being mind blowing.A hidden gem in Phila - run by some knowledgeable mofos.  This place always stumps me when I get to their beer list.  You truly need to drink a lot of beer, or just be around beer often - to fully encompass what the memphis has to offer.  
Usually I give suggestions as to what i like and the bartender will give me 3-4 options, samples and always give me something delicious.  
I've come here a dozen times at least, but after the ING half marathon in Sept of 2010, I came here with friends and family.  We all left pleased - including my two young sons.  
Vegans take note - they always have several delicious options.
Carnivores take note - same as above, but more.
I need to get in and try the vegan smoked coconut club.  
Drink on Kenzington!This place is just too good.  The suicide rings will make you sweat and the fried pickles are still little spears of heaven.
Also, the beer menu is solid as always and regularly updated (but you really have to have the hand-pulled Sirius.  it's a must.)
!!!Every time we go here I want to love it, but invariably leave disappointed.  The meals we've had over the years have just never quite been delicious, just OK.
However the major problem here is the barrier between the inside and outside.  The first time I went to the beer garden I was excited to sit outside and get dinner - nope.  Only hot dogs and canned beer outside - and no credit cards.  Pretty inconvenient.  They really need to serve the regular menu outside, it would be a huge improvement and  I would be much more likely to return.I saw this place on Food Network (will prepare to be booed or have things thrown at me), and we decided to go check it out one day after spending an afternoon drinking at frankford hall.  That was maybe 6-8 weeks ago, and since then we have gone back 4 times since, and am currently working on tasting every single thing on the menu.
The beer selection is always top notch, if you're a "beerie" (not sure if that is even a word, but it is now) you will love it, they always have a selection of great craft beers, and knowledgeable barkeeps to make sure you get a beer to moisten your pants. 
Enough about beer, now to the food... The beer battered pickle spears need no review, if you need someone to tell you how amazing they are... check your pulse.  The onion "rings" are amazing too, however be careful with the sauce... I watched a gentleman on a date take an over ambitious dip and place it in his mouth, and proceed to damn near choke to death because of how spicy (and amazing) the dipping sauce is.
In regards to the entrees, I have probably had damn near everything... and everything has been top notch, sadly I have only had lunch / dinner here, and never brunch, but hopefully that changes. Honestly the most amazing thing I have had there, is the smoked coconut tofu club, I have a friend with the palette of a 6 year old, and doesn't eat anything, and he asked for another bite after trying it, so if youre in a group, grab it, and try it, and enjoy. But again, all the food there is great, do not hesitate to order anythingCloset bar to my house, which is my main reason for going.  Service is usually ok, not great.  Food is ok, not great.  Decent beer selection which gives it the three stars.  It's a bit annoying that you cannot go back and forth between the bar and the beer garden (can only drink can beer in the beer garden).This review is BEER Only... which was amazing.  I came for the all-weekend wood event, which is barrel aged beers, specifically sour beers.  They had so many amazing hard-to-find beers on tap that I could not miss it.  My first and only time to Memphis, and I will definatley come back.
The bartender was really nice, the crowd was chill, not overly-crowded, not too loud, and cool atmosphere.  The layout reminded me of Bishops Collar near the Art Meuseum.  I didn't eat, but the menu had several good choices for foodies. 
Can't wait to come back!We first got here approximately 40 minutes before our friends, with time to kill. Sitting at the bar before the evening rush was not bad at all: the bartender was friendly and there was a nice selection of beers on tap, enough that even a picky beer person like me could find something to like with a little research beforehand (I tried the Fleur de Lehigh). Unfortunately the wait for a table was pretty bad! It is a small dining room and smelling all of the food coming out to fellow bar-sitters was driving me crazy. Haha.
Fortunately, once we were seated, the food came quickly. The Memphis Taproom is a liiiittle bit deep fryer-happy, especially with their appetizers, but the things we split were great. The Suicide Rings vanished quickly, they may have been my favorite thing the whole evening. Incredibly thin, piping hot onion rings with a delicious habanero dipping sauce to accompany had a subtle spice that lingered after you ate 'em. I also enjoyed trying the jackfruit cakes, which tasted surprisingly like a vegetarian crabcake.
For dinner, my boyfriend and I split the mac and cheese, and the roasted mushroom grinder. The grinder was my choice and I enjoyed it a lot: the mushrooms were meaty-tasting and nicely spiced, and the bread was crisp and held up to the liquid insides. Peppers and provolone finished it off with a nice hit of salty and sweet. The fries, though, were so salty that they were almost inedible, next time I will ask them to go lighter on the salt if possible. The mac and cheese as also not bad, I was excited to try it since it involves leeks and I am a leek fanatic. However, it was a little bland, and could have used a bit of spice--any spice!--to counteract the incredible rich creamy cheese sauce. All in all I really enjoyed the food, the service was nice and efficient, and although Kensington is a bit of a hike for us, I wouldn't hesitate to bike down again on a nice night.I've been before.  I usually order the chicken fried chicken steak...i called it chicken fingers.  the waitress, (rude) said we don't have chicken fingers.  i replied the plate with the collards in jalapeño...she interrupted and corrected me again. i'm paying you to serve me...help me don't clown me.  i guess since i'm older she decided it was cool to be a bitch to me.  with so many places around, i'll rethink before i go back. 
also, the chicken fingers were rubber with thick greasy breading.  feel free to contact me i'd love to discuss all of my comments.Totally recommend the Gryro Platter it was awesome.  Wasn't totally expecting the roasted mushroom gyro to be more of a meatloaf brick type share but it was super tasty.  I tasted my friends Smoked Coconut club sandwich, she loved it but I wasn't a fan but I don't like bacon and the smoked coconut tasted like bacon to me.  However the fires that came with it were amazing, I should of tired one I ended finishing the rest of her plate of fries.
Nice corner neighborhood bar, if I lived closer I could see myself coming more often.  There was a nice draft selection.  We both tried the pumpkin beer they had and liked it.OMG!! My favorite restaurant, the Chicken Fried Chicken and Black Cherry Wishniak and Peanut Butter Pie is hands down best gastropub in Philly!!