'Grossly underwhelming and peculiar' is the most concise way to describe the dining experience.
Four of us had the four course tasting menu.  Peculiarly, we were able to select an item from each - app, pasta, entree and dessert - so we were left wondering what its importance is.
Nevertheless, the highlight was my friend's short rib ragu - they were melt in your mouth tender over surprisingly light, fluffy pillows of gnocchi.  Everything else went downhill.  The pasta special black pepper linguini with scallops were good, the spring risotto was standard, the antipasti was stale, as if it sat awhile, the desserts were standard, nothing to sing about.  The lowest point was my strip steak, well done instead of medium rare as ordered, but the brussel sprouts were absolutely fubar'd - overcooked and so overvinegared that none of us could even identify them.
The service could have used some work.  When asking our server about the tasting, the opening statement was the rule stated in the menu - that everyone at the table must participate.  After dropping our entrees and offering cracked pepper, the runner scurried away as I was saying yes.  Our server must have sensed our discontent, having dropped off our check before we could finish our desserts and coffee.
At over $50 a head not including tip and its air of exclusivity (cash only, no reservations), I hoped for either better service or stellar food.  Unfortunately, as both left me extremely unsatisfied, there will be no repeat for me.This is my favorite restaurant in Philly, hands down.  I've been just about everywhere, and while there are other places that might be better for special occasions, in terms of food quality, price, and atmosphere, Mercato can't be beat for a regular dining spot.
The restaurant itself is cozy and romantic.  The floors are hardwood, with exposed brick on the walls.  The kitchen is open and right in the back of the dining area.  The space is really tiny, and the tables are very close together, which may seem uncomfortable at first, but it really creates a lovely atmosphere.  In the warmer months, there are outdoor tables that you can sit at as well.  It's a BYOB, so you save some money by bringing your own bottle (or two!). 
The service here is flawless, and the host or hostess will send a text when your table is ready, so you can grab a drink at one of the other bars nearby, or take a stroll through the beautiful, quiet surrounding neighborhoods.  A few things you should know beforehand: (1) Mercato doesn't take reservations, so there is often a wait.  Sometimes it can be pretty long if you are trying to get a table at prime dinner time.  (2) The place is tiny.  There is barely any room.  When it is full, it gets really loud.  There will also not be much space between you and other parties.  If you have a big party, it can take a really long time to get a table because you will need to wait for several parties to get up before they can join the tables. (3) It's cash only, and not exactly cheap, so fill up your wallet beforehand.  If you do forget to bring cash, there is a convenience store a short walk away that has an ATM you can use.  
The food is where Mercato excels.  I highly recommend the meatballs for an appetizer.  There are really flavorful, and the sauce is one of the best I've had on anything.  The meat and cheese trays are also really delicious, and everything is high-quality.  I brought my father here once, and both of us tried salads and were delicious.  
For an entree, I always get the bolognese.  Every time I come here, I say I'm going to get something different, but then I see it and I end up ordering the same thing.  I can't say enough good things about the bolognese.  The dish combines pasta with chunks of veal and pork in a cheesy, cream sauce.  The meat is extremely (and I mean EXTREMELY) flavorful, and the noodles are perfect to hold the sauce.  
At first the portion looks a bit small, but it's really more than enough.  They have a side that combines broccoli rabe with sausage and meatballs and is also one of my favorites. 
Finally, the service is where Mercato really shines and has won me over for life.  Earlier this winter, we decided to go on a cold evening.  We got there and were told it would be a twenty minute wait.  We waited outside under the heat lamps for almost an hour.  At first, we were frustrated about being told such an incorrect estimate, but when we were finally seated, they apologized profusely, and brought out a free meat and cheese tray with other goodies.  When our meatballs were brought out a bit too rare, they cooked the originals more and brought us out an additional order as well.  Overall, I recommend Mercato to absolutely anyone.Completely fabulous. I went with four other people, while visiting friends in Philly, and the outdoor seating was charming, the service was pretty good (our waiter spilled a bunch of the prosecco we brought so that was kind of "meh", but other than that, he was great) and the food was AMAZING. 
We did not get the tasting menu, but we did make sure to get a different dish for each person, in order to sample. My favorite was (conveniently) my own dish. I had the special, which was a proscsiutto wrapped some sort of meaty white fish...I want to say sole...(this was a week ago...) with crab meat flaking around it and covered in beurre blanc sauce. I think my mouth just started to water while typing this...
There were also scallops, pyramid pasta, squid ink pasta, and the ragu. All perfectly excellent. The dessert left a wee bit to be desired. (Gelatto in an espresso cup is not, like, the most exciting thing in the world.) But I'm still giving five stars for such a nice evening.
The outdoor summer ambiance was totally charming. We arrived at 8pm, just enough time to enjoy the setting sun and then have dessert by candlelight.
If you're in Philly and you want to enjoy a special occasion without going the far end of the high dining spectrum, I definitely recommend this place.i likes!  loved that the whole menu was restaurant week approved. this place was all about the food, no frills. nowadays, i lean towards the small, homey restos. this place definitely suits that. great byob spot.
started with bruschetta and grilled octo for appis. the octo could not have been more perfect (not chewy at all!) and mushroom bruschetta yummo.  entree was scallops and sea bass. scallops was plumpy and went well with mushroom risotto. loved the cripy skinned sea bass. tiramisu and cheesecake were moist and not too sweet.
trust me you would want to skip r2l or xix this time....choose this place instead and you won't regret your choice!Not too thrilled with our Mercato experience,  the space is cramped and HOT, we had to fan ourselves with the menus and actually had to ask for ice for the water! It is also loud due to the acoustics, spent most of the night asking people to "say that again". The food was ok but a bit bland in my opinion and pricey, but it's CASH ONLY and gratuity included with our group of five. The only thing that was great about it was that it's BYOB.Love this place! This is one of our top 3 restaurants. The food is amazing and we have never been disappointed. The restauarant itself is very cozy, but that is part of the experience. We have been here multiple times and will continue to go!This was my third and, most importantly, LAST time coming to Mercato. I brought my parents here for their anniversary dinner because I had raved about the 4 course dinner with large portions (my parents love taking food home) and a reasonable price. 
Turns out the price jumped from $48 to $56 and the first course was changed from choosing your own appetizer to a plate of charcuterie for the table to share. 
The appetizer was my favorite course and it's removal would have already made me think twice about coming again. However, the fact that they raised the price and ALSO removed one of the courses, to be replaced with a $10 spread of charcuterie, was insulting. 
Mercato, while small, is packed every time I have been there so I guess I get it. But they are too greedy for me and I definitely will no longer be dining there.My wife and l had dinner there yesterday. It was our second time there. And just like the first time, the food was incredible. We started with the meatballs stuffed with cheese. Then we split the rosemary pasta with a wild boar ragu. And finished with the scallops. Yum, yum, yum!! The staff was friendly and helpful. We are already looking forward to going back.We went there last night for rest week. This was our first time there. The place is very small n it seats 56 ppl!! I'm glad that wasn't the case last night cuz we would have to leave right away. This place is a gem to find BUT wayyy too cramped. We were greeted by a very friendly staff. We told her it's our first time here. Her recommendations on our entire meal was ON POINT!!! Everything was delicious!!! The ambiance was quiet n romantic. I love how they have an open kitchen. I've posted some pics of our wonderful n very tasty dinner. Btw, it byob n cash only. That's a plus. We like to dine at byob cuz you know how much you can crank up that bill with a couple of drinks. I love love this place, but do hope they might cut back on the seatings a bit. Whatever your conversations will be, the next couple will def hear EVERYTHING!! Even IF you whisper. Oh n the couple will be able to see your texts too. I'm still giving it a five star cuz I can't give six for the food. It's THAT goodI loved Mercato!! I ordered the pyramid pasta, and it was delicious. I also tried both of my friends meals, and they were right up there in amazingness with my meal. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. We also had the bruschetta trio as an appetizer. You guessed it--great again!!  The cherry on top is that Mercato is a BYOB restaurant. I will be back!Came for a friends birthday, loved absolutely everything about this restaurant!! The food was delicious and perfectly portioned, staff was attentive and very accommodating! Love this quaint BYOB, will definitely be back!!!Some of the best food I've had... period.  We walked in at 7:30 on Tuesday night and didn't have to wait at all.  The market salad was perfectly balanced; the tiramisu was good, but I wouldn't order it again; the duck with walnut crust and cherries was heavenly.   The flavors were delicate and well balanced and everything was cooked to perfection.
If paying cash and waiting for a table isn't your cup of tea... feel free to go somewhere else.  I found the food, the service, and the experience delightful.
FYI - they do take reservations from 5-6:30Wow! I love the BYO and the fresh take on classics. Food here is not particularly innovative, but simple and fresh. I had the charred caesar's salad. This is a must-order for those who like anchovies. 
Though deafeningly loud inside, it is still great! I'll come back again.Mercato is one of the last great BYOs in the city. The food is delicious and the service is very good. Four stars only because the seating is VERY cozy.  But perhaps that's part of the charm.This BYO makes me look forward to winter because I know they will be coming out with an amazing winter vegetable risotto.  I love meat dishes, but the veggie risotto is so good that you don't miss the protein for a second. 
Atmosphere is subdued and intimate.  The service has always been amazing. Never get tired of going back!Could we call this our favorite BYOB ever?  I think we could.  We save this spot for special occasions, every couple years though.  I absolutely love the feel of this place - I am a sucker for a cozy, casual-chic, kinda atmosphere where you're so close to the other customers that you can rub elbows with them.  It reminds me of the tiny little restaurants all over Italy that have absolutely fantastic food.  
And the food.  is. so. GOOD!  We end up not being able to resist ordering a meat and cheese plate (prosciuttos, french and belgian cheeses), which we realize doesn't take much preparation.  But it goes so well with a nice bottle of wine and it really sets the mood for the whole dinner.  
Every dish we've ordered here have been excellent.  Most recently, the market salad, Spaghetti and grilled octopus, Crispy skin striped bass. The service was friendly and good, but it was quite slow the last time we were here, and we were almost late for our theater show (we'd reserved for 2 hours before the showtime).  Oh and the serving sizes are quite generous too, for a restaurant of this type.  We took some leftovers home, and didn't have any room left for dessert.I have to say that I thought my dining experience at Mercato was very average. The service was quick and efficient, but like other reviewers have noted this place is regularly slammed, crowded and loud and staff seems overstretched, but they were polite. I had the meatballs as an appetizer and they were tough and not very flavorful; the meatballs I had a Little Nonna's were far better. I also had the seafood pasta dish and the pasta was very al dente and had little flavor. The tiramisu for dessert was also average. I've had better Italian meals at strip malls in Jersey - seriously. I feel you are paying for the "cool" factor/ambiance with this place and compensating for the fact that it's a BYOB. It's pasta, people - it shouldn't be expensive. However, I will share that the friends I was with really enjoyed their meals so it very much could've been my experience. I will also say, however, that I can't think of another restaurant in Philly where I paid as much and enjoyed my meal as little. As a comparison, I ate at Bistro La Minette a few days prior and that was hands down one of the best meals of my life. So, if you want OK and pricey Italian, but with a cool city feel and a BYO then this might be your place. If you want really good Italian at fairer rates, explore other options.My friend Danielle took me here for my birthday. We both had a very nice time. The weather was nice at the time so, we sat outside. Mercato is a BYOB, so it was nice to bring one of our favorite bottle's of wine, instead of being gauged for a bottle of their choosing. The food was delicious. We sampled three different plates. The dessert was just divine. The waitress surprised me with a birthday candle on it, which I generally dislike, but apparently my friend set that up in advance so it was very much appreciated. We were served by two or three people, which we did not mind at all. Everyone was nice, friendly, fast (but efficient) and made my birthday dinner quite memorable. Thanks Mercato!Mercato is the kind of place 5 yelp star reviews should be reserved for. This Italian BYOB has some of the best food I've ever tasted and I can't believe it took me so long to try it. 
I went here for restaurant week and was blown away with all three courses. The famous artichoke lived up to the hype, I would gladly bathe in that sauce, but the calamari stole the appetizer show. The meat was so tender yet smokey on the outside which just went perfect with all the other components (especially the different kinds of olives). It was served like a salad and a bite with a little bit of everything was to die for. 
I tried both the short rib ragu and the pyramid pasta, both very rich and delicious. The gnocchi was shaped differently than I'm used to but those little ricotta balls were some of the best I've ever had. Amazing sauce that I was sure to soak up 100% with the table side served bread. You can't go wrong with the combination of brown butter and lobster/shrimp, I could eat those pyramids every meal. 
Dessert was the perfect ending to such a great meal. Both the cheesecake and chocolate cake won't win originality points, but the taste speaks for itself. The chocolate cake was warm and moist and served over ice cream, completing the knockout punch for my food coma. 
Our reservation was for 7:30 and we were seated promptly. We were on the somewhat rushed side but I was quick to forgive them as the combination of restaurant week chaos and torrential downpour shook things up as the outdoor tables were out of commission. Nonetheless, the service improvised and did a great job considering how small this place is. 
Can't wait to go back and try everything else.I came here with a friend for Restaurant Week, which is only slightly smaller menu than their regular a la carte. Luckily, we were prepared and set multiple reminders to bring cash and a bottle of wine. Like the reviews say, it's a cluster of jammed tables in the small dining room. We felt lucky to be at a table against the wall to lean our wine bottles against it. 
Having looked at the menu beforehand, we decided to share the market salad and fontina stuffed meatballs to start. The arugula salad was light and refreshing with its grapefruit and rosemary vinaigrette, plus a nice rich and creamy chunk of burrata on top. The meatballs were classic with a delicious gravy that begs for bread to be dipped in. 
For our entrees, we both knew that we had to get pasta here. I got the spicy crab squid ink bucatini, which was amazing. The thick tomato sauce, with calabrian chilies and a slight touch of cream, had decent chunks of crab in it. The pasta was cooked to a perfect al dente.  My friend got the short rib ragu with gnocchi, which she was a little apprehensive about since that can be very heavy. But the gnocchi here is done right; they're light, fluffy pillows of ricotta, not dense at all. 
For dessert, we shared the cannoli and tiramisu. The tiramisu was classic and, thankfully, also light. The cannoli was filled with a banana flavored cream, which didn't quite taste right, served with dried cherries. It left me wishing for a classic version. 
One of the best things about the Restaurant Week menu is that it's pretty similar to their standard menu, so it really is a great deal. The best time to visit is during the summer with their al fresco dining that makes your dinner feel less cramped.I'm dreaming of the Bouillabaisse.  A bowl of steamy seafood goodness that I could eat every day.  Really delicious menu - a little meaty for those of a vegan tendency though and TINY, so don't count on conversation with your dinner guest.  But if you are lucky enough to get a table, you'll be too busy eating to talk anyway.Not impressed. We sat on a table near the kitchen that was very hot (from the heat coming out of the kitchen). When we said how uncomfortable it was, they did not offer to move us to another table.
The service not impressive and most importantly the food options are not wide. I ordered the lamb sirloin and it was probably the worst I have ever had.Atmosphere:  
Very tight, very close to other tables, loud inside, but we sat out on the sidewalk which was nice.
Beverages:  
The best kind, your own!
Cuisine: 
My Fiance and I have heard such great things about Mercato, so we tried to love it, we really did, but it just wasn't that great.  She had the red pepper soup, which was pretty good but a little too spicy we both thought (and we both love very spicy food).  The mozzarella stuffed meatballs were OK, the marinara they were resting in wasn't very good, there was not much cheese stuffed in them, and the cheese wasn't very flavorful. 
For entrees we tried the spicy crab bucatini which was pretty tasty and the ink noodles it sat on are certainly something different, but I don't think I would ever come back and pay full price for them.  I had the Pyramid pasta which sounded really delicious, but was really lacking in the flavor department, it all tasted very bland, needed more seasoning, and the chunks of lobster were chopped in pretty large chunks so some bites would have a huge chunk, and others wouldn't have any.  I thought it could've been done a lot better.
Desert was definitely what saved this place, at least for my fiance.  The goat cheese sorbet with balsamic reduction was fantastic, definitely the best desert either of us have had in a while both from a taste and creativity standpoint.  The Tiramisu I had was good, but like the meal as a whole, nothing to write home about.
Service:
The wait staff was fine, polite and professional, our only comment was that it took a long time by US standards (2.5 hours for the whole meal) which isn't a big deal to us, but it is something to be noted.
I think with a little more aggressive seasoning and flavors, this place could be top notch, but until then, it's just another pretty-good and slightly over-priced BYOB in Philly.First the bad. Actually, pretty bad. We, party of 7, had 8:15 reservations for which we were told we would be charged $25 for any no shows. Wow!  At 8:00 we were called and told we wouldn't be seated until 8:30 - 8:45 as they were running a little late. Ok, so our party meets @ 8:15 and we are told to go to a bar or somewhere and they will call us when the table becomes available. So we go down the street and have a drink and never get a call. At 8:45 we go back to Mercato and are told that our table will be ready shortly. At 9:20 we are finally seated. Over an hour past one's reservation is just unacceptable. 
We were comped an appetizer tray that was mediocre at best for our troubles. If we had had no shows we were going to be charged $25 but an hour delay on their part was worth only a tray of some salami and cheese?
The place is small so it does get loud, especially when there are larger groups like us in there. If you're a large group, as we were, it is difficult to hear or converse with those at opposite ends of your table. I would not recommend for larger parties as  it is better suited for smaller parties and is probably a great romantic spot.
Now the good. Our meals were as described in other reviews. We had an array of appetizers, main courses, and desserts.  Earl and Mike both said the potato leek soup, a late addition to the menu, was good. Michele had  the bruchetta and said it was ok, apparently not liking her appetizer as much as the rest of us.  Noelle and Desiree had the artichoke hearts and although it looked like a lot of work they both enjoyed. Tara and I both liked the octopus, myself probably a bit more than her. Three of us had the scallops for the main course and they were very good but I was a little disappointed with the risotto that accompanied . Desiree had the pumpkin fettuccine and she didn't seem to like it that much.  Earl had the lobster and shrimp pasta and said it was good. Noelle, who also had the lobster and shrimp pasta was disappointed as it wasn't what she expected based on the menu description.  Tilapia, another additional special to this nights menu, was Michele's choice and she said it was very good. For dessert, five of us had the liquid chocolate cake and it was, in my opinion, decadence described. Two had the cheesecake and it was good, as expected. It was an ok, at best, restaurant week experience. The meal was good, not great. The service adequate as our waitstaff was ok but not  something to be remembered. The two stars is a very generous and fair evaluation based on our total experience. 
Our group goes every year, winter and fall, to a new place for restaurant week and this experience was, by consensus, our least favorite. Not saying it was bad but we have had much better and none worse.Disclaimer: I did not actually eat at the restaurant itself, I ordered for delivery. 
I ordered the short rib ragu and it was pretty good.  The meat was flavorful and tender; the meat fell right off.  It was nicely balanced with the gnocchi.  However, the broccoli rabe was a little overcooked. I liked that mt meal came with bread so that I could soak up all the sauce.  
My only gripe with the food was that it came a bit cold.  The delivery service came exactly at the time they said, but the food came luke-warm.  When it comes to pasta, I like my food pipping hot, so needless to say, I was a bit disappointed.  Also, it didn't come with any utensils! I understand that if I wanted eco-friendly utensils, I need to pay extra, however, I didn't realize that if I didn't pay for it, that would mean the food would come with NO utensils!! 
All in all, for a $39 plate ($28 for the food + $2 tax + $6 delivery fee and $3 tip), my food should have come HOT and with utensils.  I will not order for delivery again, but I may try dinning in one day.Very good food! Consistently satisfying.BYOB always convenient.
A bit too loud inside... Hard time to talk with my company.Went here for my one year anniversary dinner and enjoyed my time. The place is superrrrr small, like maybe six inches from table to table. I could here the entire conversation of the people sitting next to us. The food was pricey but really good. We got a cheese board and the cheeses were great. It really helped that it's also a BYO. We then got the meatballs stuffed with cheese. Again, very good!! I ended up getting the pyramid pasta which was delicious and my girlfriend got the short rib gnocchi. Both delicious!!
I have to say, while the food was amazing, I am not sure if it was the cramped space or maybe I was having an off night, but I really have no drive to go back to this place. I will give it four stars though because I really did enjoy myself and the food was great.I was really surprised it took us so long to try Mercato. We went there on a week night and it was still quite busy. Not overcrowded, but you can tell it's a popular place.
We started with a charcuterie appetizer which was so much delicious food. and we were basically already half full off of the bread and the delicious butter spread they gave us.
We both decided to go with pasta dishes as our appetizers. They were delicious hand made pastas which we enjoyed thoroughly.
All in all, we had a good experience at Mercato. It's a bit on the pricey side and a cab ride away for us so not sure how often we will be back, but we enjoyed it nonetheless.A true delight!  
Terrific space, attentive service, BYOB and excellent food.
I suppose the only negatives are that the space is tiny, the tables are tightly packed and that it is cash-only.Hmph. My boyfriend and I had a little dinner date at Mercato this past Saturday night. It being Restaurant Week, I was sure we would have a wait but we were seated right away. Though chilly, we opted to dine outside as the restaurant itself is very loud. We started off with appetizers: charred caesar salad and a bruschetta plate - both quite good especially the anchovies in the salad however I would have appreciated a tad more dressing. For our main dishes I went with the pappardelle and my boyfriend ordered the diver scallops. This is where the night took a turn in the wrong direction... The lag between appetizers and entrees was a whole bottle of pouilly-fuissé and at least an hour later. The entrees were just okay and the vanilla bean panna cotta was disappointing to say the least. Thankfully this was all at the restaurant week $35/pp 3 course menu. I doubt I'll return to pay full price for the quality Mercato serves.This place is a gem. Another place I can count on for a great meal. They now take reservations but you still will have to wait on a weekend. While I like that I am not rushed through my meal, they need to do a better job of managing reservations. It's a small place. They will provide glasses to imbibe in your libation of choice while waiting but bring an extra bottle because you probably will finish a bottle before getting seated. Other than that, it's worth the wait. You won't be disappointed with your meal.No matter how many other quaint Philly BYOBs with arguably amazing food that I visit, my heart will always belong to Mercato.
Nestled in a small space on a quiet corner of the Gayborhood, this little gem has been making me do the yummy dance for years now.  They focus on Italian and change up their menu seasonally.  Most of the dishes are quite rich, and some can run towards the salty side, but this is not the type of restaurant that you would visit every week.  I think the most ringing endorsement I can provide is that I have enjoyed every single bite of food that I have ever put in my mouth here.  Items that stand out as my favorites include the lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta, and any of their scallops.  While the food is not cheap, it is not crazy expensive.  In fact, their four-course menu (your choice of any items from the appetizer, pasta, main and desserts) is one of the best deals in town.
It is true that it can be difficult to get a table at this popular and crowded favorite.  They only take reservations for pre-theater dining, so it is best to come here with an open mind and a back-up plan.  I have had decent luck on Sundays - especially if I show up before 7.  The atmosphere is casual and gets loud, and you will be seated pretty close to your neighbors.  This gets a little better during the warmer months when you can sit outside.  You want to sit outside during the warmer months since the open kitchen really heats things up indoors.
I keep bringing out of town guests to Mercato, and they keep wanting to go back on every subsequent visit to Philly.  Keep in mind that it's cash only.  If you do the four-course menu, plan on a leisurely meal and make sure to bring plenty of wine.  I like that I have never felt hurried to clear my table during these feasts.Updating my review a year later, and I hate to say I can't give it more than 3 stars.  Mercato can absolutely be a 5 star establishment.  But it can also be very 2 star, and for the price and feel of this place, it can't be this inconsistent.  
After my less than stellar experience, I shyed away from Mercato for almost a year. Then in about a month, I apparently decided I needed that duchess crown and went three times.  The first time, I thorougly enjoyed my veal cutlets, preceded by the Balsamic and Olive Oil flight and some delicious cheese.  Got a chance to try the Cioppino (AMAZING) and the Pasta Pyramids (Yum), Shared a dessert - definitely 5 stars. 
The next time was on point as well.  Really great for both my friend and I.  I was ready to take back my 3 stars and up them to 4 or maybe, dare I say it, 5.  Alas, I came here one too many times.  I ordered the pork chop special.  It's special, it should automatically be delicious, right?  I could barely cut it, it was so overcooked.  Had I not been on a date, I would have sent it back, but I like to pretend I'm a civilized polite person at first, so I slowly cut my pork chop - shaking the entire table (gracefully, I assure you) and chewed (and chewed and chewed) it quietly.  
It will be a while before I'm ready to give Mercato another chance.This is one of my favorite places in the city. And I love that when you order tap water they give you a whole jug so you dont have to wait for refills :)After reading several rave reviews of this place, my husband and I were extremely underwhelmed. We ordered several apps. The small bruschetta on the antipasti had no flavor and the pickled veg also could have used more seasoning. We ordered the bruschetta trio special which was a huge disappointment. The bread slices were cut too thick so very chewy and difficult to eat. The toppings were so-so. The white bean purée was ok but the mushrooms & fontina needed salt while the Brussels sprouts topping was disgusting (warming up raw sprouts under the broiler is not a cooking method I would recommend). The one dish we did like was the mussels and clams - generous portion and flavorful broth. Grilled artichoke was fair and meatballs bland. Service was ok but the runners didn't know what they were doing. We witnessed them bringing food to wrong table several times. My husband also didn't appreciate waiter's ass in his face while taking neighboring table's order because tables spaced closely together.Wanted to love this restaurant since I've lived in Philly for years, love Italian food and byo restaurants, and have wanted to eat here for a long time. Sadly, was pretty disappointed. Service was great, which was a plus, but I've had much better food at places like La Viola. Started with the artichoke appetizer and the bruscetta appetizer. Good, but nothing special and the bruscetta was pretty small (3 small pieces). Dinner was the most disappointing. Got the orichette pasta and both my friend and I found it to be extremely salty. There is also bacon in it, which enhanced the saltiness, but almost not edible salt level. The corn that was in the dish offered wonderful sweetness and should have been a higher ratio. It was however, perfectly cooked, al dente pasta. Highlight was dessert, excellent and fresh tiramisu. Would come back in the future if less salty!Came here for restaurant week last night and WOW.  I started with the mussels which were large and very fresh.  Served in a nice broth with bread for dipping.  For my second course I have the short rib ragu served over polenta.  The portion size was huge.  For dessert I had a canoli.  The service was fast and friendly, but it is a very tiny space and we were extremely close to the table next to us.  It is BYO and cash only, and I definitely recommend a reservation.The crostinis for the bruschetta trio were brick solid/rock hard.. The flavor of the bruschetta trio was off and I hardly finished it (cheap salami with tomatoes on top, pickled radishes with smoked salmon that just wasn't good, mushy butternut squash with some meh mustard sauce dipped on top). 
The pasta dish, that is apparently a house speciality, was more of an appetizer size/had more asparagus on the plate than actual pasta (only two stuffed pyramid pasta thingys)... And the cheesecake was not great. Never got to communicate this to the server because he hardly checked in or asked how we were enjoying everything. Was deeply disappointed after enjoying this place a long while back.The hostess is the rudest that she can be. Sadly her behavior substantially detracts from what is othewise an excellent dining experience. The food is superb and the staff are great EXCEPT for the hostessFood is excellent. Spicy crab linguine is one of the best seafood pastas I've ever eaten. Scallops are excellent. Artichoke app is brilliant. Service is attentive, knowledgeable,  and fun, but astute enough to give you space if desired.
Seating is European style so you are right next to other guests. BYOB so you can spring for a nice bottle of wine and have a 5 star quality meal for less than $100 for two, including drinks. My wife and I eat here every time we are in Philly.  It is a can't miss! I do recommend a reservation as it is always packed...A testament to the quality of the food.Mercato is one of the greatest Italian I have been to in the past year! To start the night out, the weather was great to be outside and dine. The waitress was very helpful in the beginning as well. As for the meal itself, the bread was average and so was the butter, but in combination with the mercato antipasti, it was fantastic. Then came the pumpkin fettucini, it was incredible, so rich and and not drenched in cream. However my favorite part was another pasta dish, the short rib ragu. The meat was pretty good, but what really blew me away was the gnocchi. It was so light and fluffy. The only place that I know that can even contend with it is this little restaurant Sola on Lancaster Ave in Bryn Mawr. Mercato was a great place to dine at and I will definitely return soon.It was either Mercato or La Viola. But Mercato's rave reviews won me over.  
But did they live up to their hype?  Hell yea they did.
The place is really cute (but small - prob seats about 40 ppl max).
Everything we ordered was good.  We had the Market Salad, Mussels & Clams , & Grilled Calamari as apps.  For entrees, we ordered the Scallops w/ Pea Risotto, Pappardelle, Lobster/Shrimp Pyramids,  Striped Bass, side of Broccoli Rabe/Sausage, etc.... yummmmmmm
I initially wanted to do the 4-course tasting menu but they wouldn't let me unless everyone at my table did it with me....which they didn't.  Sad.I went her for restaurant week with a large group.  The service and atmosphere were great.  My food, however, left something to be desired.  The bruschetta was good, my dessert was good, but the veal dish was average at best.  The portions were quite sizeable, and I love BYOB.  :)  I would be willing to go again.This is hands down the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  Everything on the menu is awesome . . . always get a side of polenta.I walk past this place everyday to and from work so I'm happy to have finally tried it this past weekend. 
My boyfriend and I both got pasta specials, a orecchiette with crumpled sausage and a pappardelle with mushrooms. The orecchiette was yummy and filling with a delicious sauce but the pappardelle was lukewarm and the noodles were too stuck to one another. Good portion of portobello, maitake, and shiitake mushrooms though! 
Our waiter forgot to put in my order for a side of brussels sprouts but was otherwise great - he agreed to move us outside when a large and boisterous group made sitting inside too loud. Some tables inside are also WAY too close together (around 2 inches of space between my table and the one next to mine) so moving outside was a welcome escape in that respect as well.
The menu seems diverse so I look forward to trying other dishes in future.Great atmosphere, Amazing food and wonderful service! What more could you ask for! I loved everything about this place and I'm sure you will too! It's a BYO so that was a plus. I would definitely recommend trying the squid ink pasta and antipasto, both were delicious!Although admittedly biased towards any Italian restaurant, I was genuinely thrilled with Mercato. First, my friends and I went for the BYO component and despite most of our party showing up late, the waitstaff was helpful and didn't give us any trouble. We also stayed for over two hours, and never felt like we were being rushed despite the place being busy on a Friday night. Everything on the menu sounded delicious - I ended up ordering the evening special which was a buckwheat spaghetti with grilled artichoke, tomatoes, olive oil, and lump crab. Our server even accommodated one friend's request for an item seen in a Yelp picture which was no longer on the menu, but created for him. Molten lava chocolate cake for dessert went over well to.
Only downsides were the cold bread (we were hoping for fresh / warm bread since it is an Italian place after all - no olive oil for dipping either, which might have incentivized us to trying their OO sampler menu), and the semi-cramped atmosphere (we were basically on top of the table next to us). Menu is definitely pricey for college kids, but worth it for the delicious food and experience.
Would recommend making a reservation! Apparently they have a tasty restaurant week menu too - will have to keep it in mind for next time.I ate at this restaurant this past Sunday. While the food was very good, the kitchen didn't seem too concerned with serving a scallop entree with either 3 fairly large scallops (our table) or 4 scallops of equal size to an adjacent table...at $26.50 I want another scallop.   It was also very annoying that the snapper entree arrived 5 minutes after the others.  After dropping the check, there was no further communication with the staff.  No thank you or goodbye from the wait staff (which seemed to have disappeared by the end of their night) or the kitchen staff.  A sad end to an overall decent meal.  By the way, there is a reason why they don't list the menu prices on their website.This is one of the best BYOB's in the city!! It can be hard to get a table but once you do you won't regret it.
 We started our meal with the a cheese and meat plate plate. We chose the aged gouda and the prosciutto. The gouda had aged crystals in it and was delicious, big portion and came with fresh fruit on the side. Incredibly reasonable price. 
For entrees we hard the lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta as well as the short rib ragu. You could tell that the pasta and sauce  was fresh and homemade, and I appreciated the amount of stuffing in it. The short rib was braised to perfection, I would absolutely get this again!. The portions were big enough, as we couldn't make it to desert, although the selections looked amazing.What a SHAME because I REALLY wanted to like this place! My boyfriend and I went last night and were sorely disappointed. Interestingly enough, it was not the food nor the atmosphere that turned us off but rather the poor attitude of the hostess. She single-handedly made this place a place we will never return to again. 
We love discovering the little byobs that are scattered all over the city and have been to quite a few. It was our normal mid-week break and so we decided to check out Mercato. Upon entering the restaurant we were not greeted nor acknowledged. In fact, the hostess was nowhere to be seen. She eventually made her way to us and wanted to seat us right away. I'll admit, It was great that there was no wait. I told her we had just two in the party and she proceeded to lead us to a table in the back corner. The restaurant had a few patrons but not overly crowded. They had a few tables already set up but I asked to be seated near the open window as I enjoy the fresh air. She then looked at the general area I pointed to and quite rudely said, "those tables are not set up." I thought to myself, "Wow, how hard is it to put some utensils and a napkin on the table for us?" She didn't say no though and proceeded to set our table up. I felt like I had really inconvenienced her. She had such a sour look that I almost said to my boyfriend, let's just go somewhere else since we seem to be such a bother. However it was already 830PM, we both worked long hours that day, and I just wanted some food and wine. I didn't bother suggesting going somewhere else.
After my initial bad impression from our hostess, I just couldn't quite enjoy the rest of the night. It's a shame really because the waiter was super helpful and knowlegable about the dishes. He was quite nice and friendly. Also, the food was really good! We ordered a trio of bruchetta to start. I had the short rib ragu and my boyfriend had the crab ravioli. For the price and quality of food, I think this place could have been a winner. Too bad the hostess, her name was Stephanie as I later found out, ruined it for me. 
All it takes is one bad instance to leave a lasting impression. There are so many other lovely places in the city that I have been or will go. Why would I bother with a place where I am treated like a pest rather than a guest? No thank you!Hello,
I am italian and I ended in this restaurant with a bad surprice after I tried 2 things.
I tried a board with taleggio cheese and finocchiona.
What I was served was not Taleggio or Finocchiona but a bad copy probably made in Canada.
The waiters don't even know how to open a bottle of wine, which tells you a lot a bout the service.
After that I tried the scalops with risotto, I receive 1 miserable spoon of boiled rice (chinese style) mixed with something and 3 grilled scalops for 30$.
I didn't plan to eat Michelin's portions and the restaurant is away from that level.
I was very disappointed and unhappy of what they make there.
At the end one of my friends decided to buy 2 packs of their orecchiette (7$ each + tax).
They don't even sell orecchiette, they sell shells that they call orecchiette for a stupid ammount of money.
For the same price you can buy 2 pacs of De Cecco in a normal grocery store.
Mercato is definitely not an italian restaurant and is an insult to the italian cusine.
It is a complete scam and I suggest everybody to watch outGenerally this place was OK. First time here and def my last. They were willing to cut the pasta meal down to a half order, which I appreciated, but service was slow. A different person took my order, brought me water, brought my meal and brought my bill. Finally--speaking of Bill--what kind of place is cash only in today's world???? As a traveler I rarely have cash. Biggest turn off!!! The waiter or hostess could have said something as soon as I was sat down. If it was on the menu I didn't see it. Then, when I paid, the waiter brought me my change but conveniently kept the coins. Needless to say the coins were added into his tip.Yumyum and yummm!!! Came here on a friday night. It was pretty packed for 7pm already. The restaurant is pretty small so it would be a good idea to reserve a table a couple of days in advance. We were greeted by the staff inside and were quite friendly. 
Had the pan seared scallops and friend had the rigou. The food actually came pretty quick. How was the pan seared scallops may you ask? It was really goood!!!! The scallops were super moist and cook to perfection. The risotto was a little cold, but still really good. I can say the same for the rigou my friend had. Phenomenal. The food was very flavorful and a good portion size.
For the dessert we had the chocolate molten cake topped with vanilla icecream and the dessert with lady fingers and espresso. Sorry I can't remember the name for that one. I loved the molten cake. It had a good amount of chocolate and icecream. I didn't like the lady fingers and espresso as much.Maybe because I wasn't really craving coffee atm. 
Anyways, greatt food!! I would come here again sometime. 
And remember to bring a decent amount of cash. They don't accept credit card here.I'll start by saying it's a little obnoxious this place does not accept credit cards, which normally would be fine, but a little more than a tiny box at the bottom corner of the menu would be nice.
That being said, the food here really is amazing, and the atmosphere is quite nice as well (even though you are sometimes elbow to elbow with the people next to you).  
The food was absolutely delicious, and the fact it's a BYOB is great too.  I highly recommend the five-meat plate, which in and of itself could be a dinner.  Pasta very fresh, sauces quite delicious.
Wait staff can be a bit inattentive at times, and if you don't like waiting in the cold, I wouldn't recommend going during the winter as this place does not take reservations (unless you are coming from a show over on Broad) and there is no waiting area save for the street outside.  
All in all, i would absolutely go back, and I highly recommend.Good food.   Noisy despite the attempt at adding sound dampening to the ceiling.Really great experience...food was delicious, atmosphere was energetic and fun.  Expect to be seated DIRECTLY next to other customers, but make the best of it...look at what everyone else is eating!  
I had the Mercato salad with goat cheese (very light and fresh...perfection), and the short rib ragu over gnocchi.  
I loved the open kitchen right at the back of the room and I could watch the executive chef working away with her two sous chefs...this was probably the best part of the dining experience!  
4.5 stars overall.  Cash only (I don't blame them, but still a consideration), and the "cozy" seating might not be desirable for some.  Also, it got a bit warm which made me feel slightly uncomfortable while eating (downside of having the kitchen directly inside the dining room, maybe...??)I discovered this BYO through Yelp and must say it is by far one of my favorite restaurants EVER -- of all time.
The atmosphere is intimate but relaxed while the vibe just felt natural and anything but forced.
The food is amazing - I highly recommend:
1) pyramid pasta stuffed with lobster & shrimp and served with a rich cream sauce 
2) the pasta bolognese,
3) the squid ink linguini served with fresh clams, mussels, shrimp, and scallops.
You definitely won't regret it -- but remember to stop at the ATM on the way because Mercato only accepts cash.WOW. Restaurant week is usually not fantastic but this truly was. Squid app in pesto, crispy pancetta sea bass and some chocolate cake with warm chocolate goo in the middle. I tasted everyones meal..Short rib ragu (8/10)  For 35 bucks I thought it was well worth it. For what you get here, the regular menu is reasonably priced. The cheese pairings are special... although I can't recall the cheeses specifically one came with a chocolate carmel sauce that was delicious.
Would definitely go again, and would definitely go for restaurant week.Very good and original food in a pleasant atmosphere. It might deserve 5 stars just for the veal special with black garlic on pava bean paste which was totally delicious and artistically presented. Very special indeed! The short ribs were also quite tasty. The lobster orecchiette in spicy marinara sauce was exactly as advertised but it was a bit of a misguided dish, as the tomato sauce completely obliterated any taste of lobster, and the lobster bits themselves were softened beyond recognition. The mussels with speck appetizer was very good, as was the "marketsalad". The tiramisu dessert was a bit odd- very creamy/custardy but with no trace of coffee or espresso and just a trace of cocoa powder. I would dock them a star for the tiramisu and maybe the lobster pasta dish, but the pasta lobster dish was my own fault because I should have known better from the description. The veal special dish was so amazing I have to give them 5 stars just for that.Amazing. Probably my favourite all around BYO in town. 
I went a few weeks ago with the ladies, and even though there was a significant wait (our fault, no reservations taken, and it was like 8:30 on a  friday), they have a built in waiting room at Valanni across the street!!!
First of all, they didn't judge us for having three bottles of wine (there were three of us), second of all, they moved us to a less drafty spot as soon as one opened (amazing). 
We ordered basically everything off the menu. I had the crispy skinned bass and it was probably one of the best dishes I have ever had. My friend ordered the filet special, which was like filet with mushrooms and truffles. Now, I don't usually like filet, but this was insane. The size of the thing alone was enough to make someone go crazy. 
The prices are completely on par with other places in town. 
I would absolutely recommend mercato!!Evoo was ransid.   Waitress questioned if we knew what evoo was (wtf).  The watery tomato sauce overpowered the squid ink pasta.   Veal overdone.   
Kitchen sounded like blacksmith's anvil.  
Saving grace was the wine ... which we brought.  
Skip it.So so SO GOOD. Everything on the menu looked amazing! I had the lobster and shrimp pasta, which I still dream about to this day. Wow. The date had prosciutto wrapped chicken which was delicious as well. You can really tell this place is really about the food quality over quantity. I absolutely cannot wait to come back here!I ate at Mercato some time ago, and I wanted to start a review so I could update it later, when I go again!  The food is amazing, the antipasta was mind blowing and I LOVE this little location especially when the weather is nice and all the windows are open.  Mercato, I promise I will come back and give a more detailed review ASAP!Favorite BYOB in Philadelphia! Seating is tight and the place is a little loud, but the food is amazing. Love the pyramid pasta and the short rib ragu!Have passed this restaurant many times on Spruce Street and thought just a little too expensive for my taste.  Ended up going after the show tonight because it was close to the Walnut Street Theater and the YELP reviews were constantly very good.  First, it is on the pricey side for a BYOB, but beyond that there was little else that  took away from a great restaurant experience.
Ordered three appetizers for the 4 of us.  Antipasto, Grilled Artichoke and Broccoli Rob with Meatballs and Sausage.  Antipasto was great with plenty of choices - good for two.  No seafood and and one or two pieces of meat, but still good.  Would not order Artichoke again.  Did not impress us and that was not necessarily the restaurants fault since we had never tried before and was rather bland.  Broccoli Rob with Meatballs and Sausage was good, however meatballs were small and not very good - too hard and little taste..  Sausage was excellent with a nice heat.
Dinners all very good including Pappardelle, Prosciutto wrapped Chicken Breast and Grilled Beef Tenderloin.   A creamy sage fontina polenta served with the chicken was great and went well with the chicken and arugula served.  The tenderloin was tender and tasty.  The vegetables served with it were very complimentary to the dinner.  Not a drop of pasta left in the Pappardelle bowl so there were no complaints there.
An absolutely wonderful small Marscapone cheese cake and a plate of three sorbets rounded out the evening.  Service was perfect and servers and hosts were where you wanted them when you wanted them.  I know why this place gets great reviews.
PS I tried to duplicate the cheese cake at home and I came close to theirs, but missed on the sauce.  Nevertheless still very good.  A real compliment to Mercato that I would even venture into the cheesecake arena.
.The place is BYO and CASH ONLY. There is a bar across where you can buy bottles of wine and next door there is a deli with an ATM. Also do not sit in the back because it is an open kitchen the back gets a bit hot. 
Appetizers:
-Market salad was good but nothing to rave home about
-Grilled Artichokes appetizer was useless. You have a large artichoke cut in half of which 90% is not edible they might as well scoop the 10% and give it to you rather then having this big monstrosity on the plate. 
Dinner:
-I had the the short rib ragu which is was amazing. I would come back just for this dish. 
-My date had the mushroom pasta dish. There wasn't anything left so I am guessing she loved it? 
Dessert:
Skipped it.Great food. Quite noisy but wonderful crowd. Chef had a bit of a hard time adjusting my meal with all the allergies and avoidance of ingredients - but was extremely helpful and willing to make it a great outing. Even recommended they start a new dish with the different combinations they created for me to enjoy! Would definitely go back and can't wait to try out valanni across the street - owned by the same people and looks like a great atmosphere for late night drinks.My fiancee and I made a reservation for dinner on a weekday night, and had been meaning to try this restaurant for quite a while. When we arrived into the almost overwhelmingly loud space, it took an extremely long time for the hostess to attend to us and then seat us. Similarly, it took a very long time for our server to arrive - luckily our wine bottle was a screw top, so we could use some vino therapy to cope with the long wait. Finally, after asking someone to send over the server, he arrived. There are absolutely zero vegetarian entrees which I found strange for Philadelphia in 2017. Further, they were completely inflexible around accommodating veg or other dietary needs. Last time I checked this was not a Michelin starred restaurant requiring such rigidity - and again, in Philly 2017 it's quite common for chefs to accommodate needs. On top of this, when we shared our restrictions, the server responded in a way that suggested he wondered why we were at the restaurant at all. We ordered a few appetizers (luckily we eat fish + non shellfish seafood, otherwise there would have been almost nothing to eat; we eat chicken too but they "don't do chicken"). Our server did not check on us once, and we left after our app course (which was good, but nothing special).  Philly has too much amazing food and too many far better restaurants to put up with these limitations. We will certainly not return.Couldn't get reservations on Valentines so we went the next day.  Still very busy.
Made reservations at 5:30 (can't make any after 6:30).  Nice piece of bread to start out ... garlic butter spread really nice.  Would have liked more bread with it!
Ordered the recommendations of the server which was the Rib ragu with gnochi.  Portion was not overwhelming.  Very nice flavor.
Also had the special of the night - Baked Tilapia over crab stuffed ravioli.  I have never seen ravioli that large before... also with asparagus.  Very good. 
The place was very charming but small...tables were spaced very close together.
For dessert we both had the gelato.  Just the perfect size to compliment any meal.  
Will definitely return...highly recommend.  BYOBI've been there several times and I'm never disappointed. food is amazing. bring cash bring cash because they don't take credit cardsThere is so much attention paid to every dish. This is a must go to for BYOB dinner.  The staff is very friendly and stomach starts rumbling just looking through the menu.  You won't be disappointed with anything you order!  I've tried multiple dishes here and have been impressed each time.  This place has become a regular for me to bring people who come into town for visitsMy boyfriend and I had a mediocre, borderline awful, dinner here for Valentine's Day. I wish we had stayed home and eaten easy mac instead. 
Their Valentine's Day special was 4 courses for $60, which was a complete ripoff considering I was only really impressed with one dish, and their regular fixed price menu is only $48. We were about 20 minutes late for our reservation because we had trouble finding parking, but we did call ahead, and they said it was fine. I think we may have been treated differently because of this. The first thing our server said to us was very nice, but the rest of the night was disappointing.
The couple next to us sat down about 10 minutes after us but finished their dinner at least 30 minutes before we did. They were offered tap water, bottled water, or Perrier, while we were just given a bottle of tap water. I am fine with just tap water, but why weren't we offered anything else? They received every course before we did, even though we ordered nearly identical meals.
We started with oysters and braised pork and bean stew. The oysters were good, but  nothing special. This theme continued with the rest of the meal. Next, we had the duck ragu and fettuccine. What little duck there was in the dish was pretty tasteless, and only the first bite of the fettuccine was good (probably because I was hungry). The one dish that my boyfriend and I absolutely loved was the roasted butternut squash and roasted agnolotti. It was the only dish that impressed us. Everything else was okay... it wasn't amazing or even memorable. Not even the scallops and filet mignon we had for our entrees. For dessert, I had tiramisu and my boyfriend had ricotta budino, which he hated so much he didn't even finish it.
The restaurant is pretty small and the tables are packed together, so we couldn't even have a nice conversation. The service started off with a friendly greeting, but was slow and icy compared to how the table next to us was treated. People who were waiting for tables stood around the entrance and held the door open - letting out a lot of the restaurant's heat. Maybe it was a bad night because it was Valentine's Day, but we did not enjoy our dinner at Mercato at all.Best neighborhood BYO's hand down. Food is delicious and the staff is great. Out door seating almost year round weather permitting with heat lamps. Angela is the best!Absolutely love this place, and I'd consider it a favorite in the Philadelphia area. I came here for restaurant week earlier in the year with a close friend, and we absolutely loved our dining experience.
The place is definitely on the small side, and so my arms were practically touching the person's arm next to me, but I guess that adds to the small feel of the restaurant. The service was excellent!
Some of the highlights I tried were the: whole grilled artichoke, market salad, and autumn risotto. All were literally amazing. The artichoke was perfectly cooked and seasoned, and it was super fun to peel through the layers to eat the tasty parts of the vegetable. The market salad when I went to the restaurant was one with kale and pumpkin seeds, and the flavors were SO fabulous even though I was nervous about it being a boring plain and traditional salad. It was one of the best salads I've tasted to date. The autumn risotto is the best risotto I've had in my life. It came with mushrooms and butternut squash and tons and tons of cheese (prepare to see your risotto completely doused in cheese) but it's absolutely amazing. The flavors came together so well and the extreme cheesiness was JUST what I was looking for! Definitely don't order this dish if you can't handle a cheese overload.
We were slightly let down by the desserts we ordered, which is the reason for the -1 star. We opted for the New York Style Cheesecake and the Milk Chocolate Mousse Toffee Crunch Parfait, which were both only average. The cheesecake was extremely standard, and the parfait sounded way better on the menu than it actually tasted.  Both were lackluster compared to the amazing artichoke, salad, and risotto dishes I had eaten just moments before and so the finale was kind of a letdown.
Despite the disappointment with the desserts (perhaps I'll just need to try different items on the dessert menu next time?), I'll definitely return to try more of the dishes on the menu. This place has total charm and some gem items on their menu-- favorite risotto EVER and favorite salad EVER-- so that's gotta be worth something.My friend and I came here on a Friday night for restaurant week.  It was fantastic that everything on the menu was available for a set price.
He knew it was BYOB, so he brought red wine.  And I agreed, everything was delicious, and the service was friendly and brisk!  The following items were ordered:
Appetizers: bruschetta and grilled octopus
Entrees: crispy striped bass and steak
dessert: NY cheesecake and tiramisu
I kind of wished I had gotten the berry panna cotta, but that was just a personal musing.  The grilled octopus salad with cannelli beans was excellent - it had the perfect balance of spices and lemon, a lot like ceviche.  The striped bass was also quite wonderful.My husband and I live in NYC and were very excited for Mercato. He had been several years ago, had a great experience and was eager to return with me in tow this time. We came with my parents and ordered the pyramid pasta, short rib ragu, rigatoni bolognese and veal marsala. My mom loved her veal, although the rest of us thought it was only ok - pretty bland. The short rib ragu was very soft and pretty good, but slightly tart which was strange. The pyramid pasta and rigatoni bolognese were disappointing. The lobster and shrimp in the pyramid pasta were nearly in the form of a paste and the bolognese was in desperate need of pepper to reduce the bland flavor. For ~ $25 per entree, we were expecting some more flavor. The bread and their homemade butter is delicious though and the BYOB aspect is a bonus that we certainly took advantage of. The al fresco seating and semi-al fresco seating indoors is a wonderful treat during the warmer months. Unfortunately, these two aspects don't make up for the lackluster entrees.Service was terrible, the atmosphere was chaotic and overwhelming, and food was hit and miss (some very good, some not good.) Don't think I'll be going back.Food: 4.5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Location: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
BYO Bonus
Recommendations:  The food at Mercato is absolutely amazing.  So delicious, so well prepared.  Here are a couple of insights we had from our meal for 2:
If you like meat/cheese platters, definitely get one here.  The portions are incredibly generous and the combination of cheese/fruits/meats is well thought out here.  I recommend the Finocciona (salami/pork) with two cheeses (Cypress Grove Humboldt Fog and Pierre Robert).
The portions are so generous that after the meat/cheese platter, you only need one entree to share.  We got two and were stuffed after the meal.  The Lobster and Shrimp is delicious but needs so much more seafood.  Its almost a faker because of all the cheese that makes you forget about the seafood.  If your entree features Lobster, it better feature Lobster (and lots of it).  The Filet is spectacular and the potatoes and mushrooms accompanying them are so delicious.
Plus... Its a BYOB
Minus... They take CASH ONLY
Overall: 4 stars
We will definitely go back... and soon.Food was delicious!! We had the cheese plate as an appetizer and I chose the brie. So luscious and soft and while paired with the honey was great. I got the veal with some vegetables and it was super tender mixed with the sauce that was ladled on top...it was quite delicious and I would certainly go back again. My best friend got a short rib dish with pasta that was also something that she was very happy about but her boyfriend got a dish that was not too great. Price is decent but it could be a little bit cheaper IMO. However, for the quality of the food, I don't think it was too bad and it was a really nice place to just catch up with friends over some good food and good company!
Space is cramped and ambiance is not quite the greatest for a date. I came with my best friend and her boyfriend so we had a good time just catching up and chit chatting with 2 bottles of wine. Sadly, this place was cash only but it's ok because the atm is nearby.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I absolutely love their Bronzino and get it everytime it is a special. Wait staff is impeccable and we always have a wonderful experience when dining here.OH mercato !!!! my honey and I had been dying to eat here so I made him make reservations for  the last Friday in restaurant week MISTAKE # 1. we just started yelping so I went on and checked out what everyone was saying about the place. Common theme was that the hostess was not nice and the food was amazing .. some commented on the loudness the place but I like the hustle and bustle of a busy place so the noise level wouldn't bother me.
Our reservation was for 8pm .... We arrived a lil after ( I was wearing heels and there was A LOT of ice) only to be told that all the tables were running late so it would be a little bit of a wait. My honey is super nice and just requested we be called when our table was ready. They tried to point us in the way of Valanni the bar they own but we opted for TRIA since we were right down the st and always enjoy the wine and snacks there. 
3 beers for him and 2 glasses of wine for me later ( almost 9:15) still no phone call from mercato. On an empty stomach im slightly buzzed and make a beeline for the exit door to call and find out what the hell is going on down there! The boy calls instead only to be told we should be good to come down in about 10 min. we finish our beverages and wander back down the road and wait at the door its still super crowded and im extremely annoyed luckily the hostess (maybe a different girl) was super nice and understanding she sent over a complimentary start meat and cheese board for us to share after we were seated. 
First course amazing, trio of brucshetta for him -white bean the favorite of the table some flavorful and fresh. Salad for me with sweet pecans and tart vinaigrette. 
Second-gnocchi's for him so good, I mean melt in you moth good cooked perfectly and for me the crispy skinned sea bass, prepared very well slight crispy skin and a red wine reduction. The artichokes that came with it balanced out the sweetness of the dish.
I had no room for desert but I managed to stuff a few bits of panna cota down and his affogota reminded me of a dessert I had in Italy .
I'm giving mercato 3 stars because the start to our evening was not the highlight of my day but the apologetic hostess, those 2 glasses of wine at tria and the amazing meal I had saved them. 
We will probably never venture there for restaurant week again but im glad we made the pilgrimage.So I hate to be a downer with all these positive reviews, but here I go. I live around the corner from this place and have been dying to try it as I walk by it almost every day. The place is tiny, but the smells as I walked by, the menu board and the rave Yelp reviews made me quick to suggest it when I had a few work people coming into the city for a dinner. There were 5 of us eating around 7, so I was pleasantly surprised when they could get us right in, but it was a Tuesday after all. 
I ordered the filet, 2 friends order the shortrib, and the other 2 ordered the fish. All of us summed it up with pretty much the same sentiment. "meh".  Nothing was outstanding - everything was almost bland.  I rarely order filets outside of places that specialize in steak, and this experience reminded me why. The meat was well cooked but nothing was special or even tasty about the flavor. For the prices, we were all pretty disappointed. 
One other thing to mention is that they DO NOT take credit card. I know I shouldn't but I forgot that this is even a possibility in 2011. It would be helpful if they mention it when you call for a reservation or before they seat you.Tight seating and BYOB, but otherwise a great experience. Everything we ordered was delicious, and the service was perfect.
The crowd appears to be a bit older, but that might have just been because we had 5:30 reservations.My boyfriend and I had heard such wonderful things about Mercato and decided to try it out. The food was delicious. I got the grilled artichoke appetizer and my boyfriend got this crab and cantaloupe tower of deliciousness. 
For the main entree, I ordered the petite fillet Mignon with that was served as a dish mixed with red potatoes and avocado. The buttery avocado tasted delicious with the tender fillet. My boyfriend ordered a pasta and meat dish that was delicious as well. 
The staff is very friendly and extremely attentive. It was a bit noisy inside, so if outdoor accommodations are available I would ask for it.
Overall it was a wonderful experience!I came here a couple times, after several friends have raved about this place. 
To my surprise, this place definitely lives up to my high expectations.
GREAT food. The dishes that really left an impression were the pyramid pasta, diver scallops, lamb ravioli, and the blood orange salad (I am not a salad girl, and this salad was probably the best salad I've ever had, too bad it was a special and isn't a part of the normal menu).
This is a small restaurant and can get really crowded, so plan a little in advance and get reservations. The tasting menu is worth it, if you're looking for variety at a great price point. The noise and energy levels are pretty high, which is great for both dates or group dinners.I went here based on the yelp reviews and they are on the money. The food is excellent, the portions are generous, and the service is top-notch. For some reason this place attracts a lot of noisy blue-hairs and theater goers from jersey but i wouldn't let that keep you away.We really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere is wonderful, quaint and what you would want from a 'hole-in-the-wall' BYOB. Our only quandary was that the quoted wait time was about 45 mins. off. During the prime hours, we recommend stopping in about an hour in advance, maybe more, of the time you'd like to eat to put your name in.Went here for restaurant week at 8pm on a Friday night. At first my date and I were a little hesitant as the tables are extremely close together and therefore the restaurant is very loud, but now I know to come back at a less busy time. This restaurant is fantastic. We BYOBd and started off with bruchetta and caesar salad. My bruchetta was wood fired and came in 3 different styles-a cheesy, pesto slice, a margherita slice, and a cheesy mushroom slice. it was fantastic and savory. the cheesy pesto one was my favorite-id consider getting that for all 3 next time! 
My date had the short rib gnocchi and i had the scallops risotto. we split them both. The short rib gnocchi was amazing. So much flavor from the broccoli rabe and Locatelli and the ricotta gnoccis were absolutely delightful and you could tell they were hand made. There was just enough truffle oil in the sauce to make my heart melt and the short rib meat was cooked to perfection. The scallops were pan seared and served over a cheesy pea and mushroom risotto that i couldn't get enough of. i couldn't see the mushrooms in there but i tasted the truffle oil and was again in heaven. for dessert i had a strawberry basil gelato that they make in house, it was again, amazing and my dates cheesecake came with a caramel drizzle and a nut crunch sprinkled on top. I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone. service was phenomenal to top it all off. i'll be backMy boyfriend and I went here for Restaurant Week. We had a reservation that we were running late for but we still got seated no problem. Waitstaff was great, refilled our waters and opened our wine, cleared our plates between courses in a timely fashion. I was prepared for the small space, perhaps over-prepared, because I did not find it that cramped - definitely felt cozy. It is a loud place, but I liked that about it. We could hear the people next to us and occasionally chimed in on each others conversations, it was a fun place!
We chose Mercato for the BYOB and the 25 Zagat rating. I did some research since I thought almost everything one the menu looked good and wanted to make an informed decision.
My boyfriend ordered the fontina meatballs and I ordered the bruschetta. One of my boyfriends meatballs had no cheese in it, he brought it to the attention of the waitress and they re-fired a whole new dish. They were tasty, but not spectacular. My brushetta was just OK, the bread was not really toasted fully but I enjoyed it. 
My boyfriend ordered the beef cheek ragu and he really enjoyed it. I had a few bites and found it tasty but again, not spectacular. The pasta was cooked beautifully though. I ordered the pyramid pasta as I am a huge fan of seafood pasta dishes and from my research I saw that it was one of their signature dishes. Unfortunately I did not like my dish! I was very surprised since everything about it screamed that I would enjoy it. I found it to be extremely buttery (I understand it is served in a brown butter sauce) and just very overpowering. I was so upset because I had just watched the woman next to me devour hers. I had a few bites I enjoyed, I ignored the asparagus and tomatoes after sampling them and tried to focus on the pasta. My boyfriend liked my dish and he is definitely pickier than I am and has a more refined palette. It's possible my taste buds were "off", but I was definitely sad about not loving my dish, because I wanted to so much!
I ordered the Salted Caramel Pana Cotta - it had absolutely no flavor, not even a sweet flavor, it tasted like nothing. My boyfriend agreed that it was lacking so I know that part was not my taste buds being off! Boyfriend got the chocolate mousse and it was delicious.
Overall, I enjoyed the experience in this cozy little BYOB but the food did not seem to meet my expectations based on the Zagat rating and other reviewers' opinions. If we lived in the city we would certainly come back, but since we are over the bridge in NJ we will probably be sticking to some other Italian restaurants that are close by.I was beyond excited to see Mercato pop up as an (Italian option) via "Dining in"!  I've been wanting to come in for a while.  Being that Mercato is BYO I figured, why not?  
I ordered the stuffed chicken wrapped in prosciutto.  The chicken was dry and over-salted.  The prosciutto was good; the stuffing left much to be desired (it was stuffed with a piece of a mushroom and minuscule amounts of broccoli rabe).  The dish was served with the sage polenta and a few pieces of arugula (the dish as a whole was very unappealing visually).  The flavors complemented each other INCREDIBLY well.  With improvement on the execution and plating, this could be one of the most amazing, balanced, and thoughtful dishes I've had in a long time. 
I love the menu!  I feel that my review could definitely be taken to five stars if I had eaten the dish in the restaurant versus in my dining room.  Hopefully, I can revise my review in the near future.Excellent byob. Small and a little cramped. Loud but conversations can be heard. Not for a romantic dinner. Small open kitchen. We were a pert of 10 and took up almost one whole side of the room. Pyramid pasta was delicious. Nicely presented. Risotto was excellent as well. Nice gem in Philadelphia.It has a great atmosphere where it is cozy but not to tight. The servers were on point, well informed while providing the right amount of service at the right time.  The food was good. Nothing was to heavy or to light.Mercato is a wonderful little spot for a fall dinner. I would recommend sitting outside since the inside seating seemed a bit cramped. 
The food is truly wonderful. The sauce served with the grilled artichoke was my favorite part of the meal. I would have eaten a shoe if it was covered in it. I also ordered the squid ink crab bucatini. It was rich, complex and unique but the pasta and sauce were scolding hot while the crab was ice cold. The extreme temperatures did not affect the taste but it was a bit odd. I would order it again though.  For dessert, I had tiramisu. I do not usually order tiramisu but I enjoyed it very much. 
I think the misstep was the service. I felt like the whole meal was rushed and I did not have time to relax and enjoy.  It is a shame since the food is so wonderful. If you are planning a first date here, I would have a something else planned because the night will be over too quickly. 
Keep in mind- it is a cash only byob. Full disclosure, I went for restaurant week.WHOA WHOA - hold the phone... why have i lived in Philly all my life and not been here before??!??!?!! This place is magnificent!!  
The place is super tiny, cozy, romantic and not 'too serious'.  The staff was wonderful, all taking part in greeting- clearing tables- pouring water, serving bread (the bread- omg we'll get to that later) etc.  All dressed in identical red shirts, the handful of staff combined with the tiny restaurant, and bright view of the kitchen (largely placed right behind the tables) helped give this Italian joint just the right "Italian mothers kitchen" feel.  
The inside was small, like you might need to wear spanx to get into your table small- but it made for an intimate dining experience.  It was pretty well lit, you didn't need a flash light to read the menu and we got a seat right next to the window.  The lanterns hung by twine, the slow moving ceiling fans, and thick cutting-board like tables were a nice touch.  
Since we came here for restaurant week- my boyfriend and I each got to pick an appetizer, an entree, and a dessert.  I got the antipasti, he got the charred caesar salad ( romaine hearts, toasted crostini, creamy Parmesan caesar dressing, grilled anchovies, parmesan cheese)  Had I not been wearing a fancy shirt and heels, I would have jumped over the table and devoured his salad.  Phenomenal. Yes I realize I am typing phenomenal for a caesar salad but it was amazing.  The stalk of romaine was charred and served with creamy warm dressing. Perfect. 
Oh the bread I mentioned earlier?? Warm and toasty- served with infused garlic and olive butter. melt.in.your.mouth.
For entrees- He got the Short Rib Ragu served with ricotta gnocchi, broccoli rabe, shaved locatelli, truffle oil)- a nice portion.  The short rib was flavorful and tender. Another A+ dish. I ordered the Rigatoni Bolognese. Richly flavored pork and sausage, veal in sauteed sauce of olive oil, fresh thyme, garlic and shaved parmesan.  Not your usual bolognese sauce- but veryyy flavorful. This italian girl was in heaven!! Rigatoni was perfect. This is going to be a go-to dish of mine when I come back here. 
Dessert- we both ordered the Cheesecake. We've been out enough that I know to get my own dessert if I want what he's got.again another A+
Over all-this place gets 5 stars.  Even though the restaurant could potentially get obnoxiously loud because of its small size and large groups that don't like to use their 'inside voices'-  the amazing food and the BYO factor made the noise an afterthought. 
Remember cash only!Definitely one of my favorite, if not my favorite, restaurants in all of Philadelphia. Their menu changes by season and I've never once been disappointed here. Every time I'm in Philadelphia I make an effort to go to this place. 
The risotto is amazing as is most everything on the menu. You really can't go wrong here! It's very cute, but a bit cramped, inside. It's very small so you really have to make a reservation. Although they really have increased the outdoor seating recently and it almost doubles the size of the restaurant! Service is also great here.
HIGHLY recommend!AMAZING! Sex in your moouutthhhh.  Get the filet mignon.  Everything was 100% delicious.  The place is very small, but didn't effect us as we chatted a bit with the couples next to us.  
They actually gave me a well done filet when I had asked for it medium rare.  In literally under 2 minutes they provided me with a new piping hot, perfectly cooked med rare filet.  I was so very impressed.After passing this place by for years and saying that one day we would try it, the BF and I finally went to Mercato a couple weeks ago.  The small cozy space was the perfect setting for a romantic meal, and the servers were attentive and courteous (albeit sometimes a bit rushed).
We split the antipasti for two, which had a great selection of meats, cheeses, olives, artichokes, and bruschetta for both of us.  My parmesan-crusted Veal Marsala was very tasty; really enjoyed the mashup of flavors with the veal, cauliflower, and potatoes (a good choice to sub in Yukon Mash instead of rice or pasta).  It was a bit on the heavy side though.  His pyramid pasta, stuffed with lobster, shrimp, and ricotta, was lighter and also very flavorful. The food is very fresh, presented beautifully, and the portions won't leave you hungry.
Being a BYO definitely helps to offset the cost, but with food like this, it's definitely worth it.  Very much one of the city's underrated BYOs and would definitely come back again to try more of the menu at another time.It's been years since I've dined at Mercato and I have been thinking about it lately so I was thrilled when the ladies and I decided to have dinner there together.
I forgot how cute Mercato is! It's small, quaint, cute and has a very welcoming staff. 
After getting seated and popping our wine bottles, we started with sharing the roasted Artichokes and a special which were three toasts. The roasted artichokes were great. Really, it's about the dipping sauce and it was just as yummy as I remembered. The toasts were just ok. They didn't really leave an impression which is why I can't even remember what was on them. 
On to the main courses.... our group ordered the Cioppino, the Scallops, a special snapper dish with citrus rice and lobster and I ordered the pappardelle with a lamb ragu and whipped lemon ricotta. All of the entrees were fantastic. The special snapper and scallops were cooked to perfection, the lamb ragu was out of this world (thank god I had leftovers for the next day) and Cioppino was up there with best ones I've ever tried. 
Long story short, I was thrilled to be back again to one of my favorite BYOBs in town with great friends. I will make sure to be back again soon!Last night I went to Mercato for the first time with 7 other friends.  We all had delicious meals and a great time.  Mercato it at a great location and we were lucky to have a table right in the front of the restaurant with all the windows open.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  We started out with the artichokes, meatballs, and bruschetta which was all great.  I got the Pyramid Pasta (which was recommended to me) and it was wonderful.  The taste and portion size were both great.  
Mercato was on my list of restaurants I wanted to try and I am so happy I did.  I will definitely go back.Say hello to my new favorite BYOB. I'm so happy I finally got a chance to cross this little gem off my list. It was everything I anticipated and more. SInce it's cash only, small and doesn't take reservations, we decided to join the older early birders and arrive right when they opened for dinner. We were seated at a tiny table by the window and it was lovely. Although the space is so tiny that you're practically sitting on top of the neighboring tables, The decor is so lovely with it's shabby chic look that it didn't really bother me. 
Everything we ate was beyond amazing. We started with the cheese board. It was well crafted with Moses sleeper, prima dona, a duck prosciutto and a fennel ... ( woops, I forget which kind that was). they were accompanied with complimenting sides to pair with such as a yummy mustard, honey and a cherry compote. All delish and perfectly paired with their delicious bread. The server was very generous with the bread and always made sure we had enough to go with our cheese. 
My entree of the pyramid shrimp and lobster pasta was wonderful. Ricotta, lobster and shrimp stuffed in 5 gererously sized pasta purses. They were displayed on a heavenly bed of brown buttered minced vegetables. It was to die for.
The grand prize dish of the night however was the Short Rib Ragu and gnocchi. I can only describe the sensation I got with each bit I was gratefully allowed to sample as pure bliss. Each bite melted in your mouth and the broccoli rabe was the perfect compliment to this dish.  Take my word , you must go and try this amazing dish if you haven't already. It will change the way you view Gnocchi as it did for me!
Our good friend  and chef Evan told us to try the Molten cake for dessert but after devouring the cheese board, bread and just shy of licking our entree plates clean, there was no room for it.  Next time ( because their WILL be a next time)- I will do my very best to make room for dessert- it may be hard if all of the other dishes are as good as the ones we've had so far!This place is THE ONE.  How did it only get two bells?  I've been here with friends but recently took my family here, so we were able to try a large portion of the menu and enjoy BYOB.
The "make your own cheese / charcuterie plate" is a sizeable appetizer.  We tried the taleggio, truffle camembert, and soft blue cheese - it's rare that I like anything better than cheese with truffles in it, but the taleggio stole the show.  We also tried the proscuitto and the chorizo - very flavorful.  In addition to this appetizer, we also tried the mussles/clams and the meatballs.  ORDER THE MEATBALLS.  Hello-stuffed-with-fontina... these were my favorite item of the night.  I may get this as my dinner next time I come here as it's a pretty hefty portion - my dad was not complaining.
For our meals, we tried the pyramid pasta (a perennial favorite, you must try it once), the rigatoni amatriciana, the raviolo, and the veal milanese.  The raviolo was a singular, large, stuffed ravioli that took up nearly half the plate in a delicious corn / garlic white sauce - I will be ordering this all to myself eventually.
The wait staff was super accommodating - when we asked for bread to enjoy with the cheese and the clams/mussels sauce, they did not bring out a measly three pieces - they brought us an overflowing plate of bread. AMEN.  And when my mother wanted a different starch with her veal, they whipped up some delicious fingerling potatoes.
All in all - a great BYOB for those who want something a little more gourmet than the traditional Philly Italian spots.This place is super charming! It's very tight seating, but we've never had a problem with the arrangement. BYOB. Food is delicious. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the service is just OK. All of the servers seem to be miserable or as if we are bothering them. They're not really that warm and welcoming.This place is so adorable! I came here with one of my coworkers and we had a great time! First of all, I loved that this place is a byob, we saved a lot of money by bringing a bottle of Prosecco. Second of all, the food really is that good. Some chefs have the ability to make dishes that taste better and better with each bite, which is what happened here. I got the seafood ravioli and my friend got the bolognese. Both were excellent and the flavors amplified with every delectable bite! The decor is adorable and the service was also great. My only complaints are that the bread served with the olive oils didn't seem super fresh and the prices are a bit steep, but I guess you would be spending more if it were not a byob. Either way, I had a great experience and I'm hoping to come back soon!This spot is cute and little, so make sure you make a reservation ahead of time and show up on time. I went w. My four girlfriends and the waitstaff was so nice to us and uncorked our wines as soon as we sat down (remember this is a byob spot) and water was provided.  
I ordered the grilled artichoke app for sharing, grilled hanger steak and the gelato trio. Basically a three course meal and lets just say it was soooo yummy and I ate everything. My tab was $50/per person wafted tax and tip.... Very worth it. Would I come back ? Yes yes yesCrowded, but it was Saturday evening (930 pm).  Noisy - at a distance of 24 inches at most across the table it was difficult to hear.  Then again people began to clear out at 1030 or so and it got a lot less noisy. 
My wife liked the meatballs, others with us liked what they ordered.  I had boneless rib ragu: not much meat, some broccolini, what I can only describe as whitish glop at the bottom under some red sauce.  Waiter was OK.  Sort of smallish portions, but then again it was not expensive.   Thankfully it is a BYO; I would not have liked to pay for beer there, not that they had room for a bar.  As usual in center city, parking is awful.  I was lucky on my 6th trip around several blocks.  Not again; once was enough.I've been there twice so far and the food is incredible. The restaurant itself is very tiny and cramped but well worth it!!Went in for dinner. It was a nice evening so the windows were open and the fans were on which created a nice vibe. Love that it's a byob first of all. Staff is friendly and attentive. Appetizers- we got the mixed salad with burrata and fruit. Both delicious. Short rib ragu with gnocchi and the tagliatelle. Hot fresh homemade pasta. Finished with the cheesecake that comes in a pot just awesome! Prices are good too since byob it's right on.Went here with the fi because it is just a few blocks from my apartment and we had heard some pretty good things. Sucha big fan of BYOs btw. Mercato does everything right - the service, the atmosphere, the portions and most off the FOOD! So super yummy. We are both vegetarians and we shared one app and one entree and it was perfect. Just thinking about the pumpkin fettuccine in that buttery sage sauce is making my mouth water.
I def approve and can't wait to go back.Night started out great- have you heard about the wait away app? Awesome they not only text you when your table is ready but they send you a link where it updates what # you are and how long.
Started with the antipasti which was great but seriously had 4 tiny pieces of salami- I loved all the veggies but u could tell the bf was a bit disappointed. Also no bread was given ever! What kind of Italian places dont serve bread? And yes they have some because I saw it on the way of the bathroom.
Regular spaghetti was seriously not cooked right- one huge huge  clump all stuck together- he added meatballs  but said to keep pancetta. Of course they didn't and what a letdown the meatballs tasted like ikea Swedish meatballs. I got the lobster shrimp raviolis but w vodka sauce- guess the chef was mad bc it was the thinnest vodka sauce ever. Raviolis were good though.
Needless to say. No dessert and we will not be back :(Mercato's food is consistently amazing.  I have yet to have a dish I did not thoroughly enjoy.  Their sauces leave you wanting more bread to dip.  This is a terrific BYOB at a very reasonable price.  Drawbacks:  Reservations are available for limited hours/eves, and the restaurant accepts cash only.  A definite winner.Chef Mackenzie Hilton has done it up again. This is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. We were just by again on Friday and I had the petite sirloin with scallops on top. All I can say is mouth watering!!! Literally! If you like Italian Mercato is the place to go in Philadelphia. The restaurant is a BYOB that has a rocking great menu and an even better dessert. This is one of my partner and I, favorite BYOB's in Philadelphia. I always have the petite filet and he usually gets the Ciopinnio (?) The dishes are always great and bringing your own wine makes it that much better! We are huge fans of the molten lava chocolate cake for dessert. The staff has always been very friendly and accommodating. If you are in Philadelphia or just visiting make sure you try Mercato.Wow this place was delicious!  Went before seeing a show at the Academy of Music, the location is perfect for preshow. Everyone loved their food and the byo is an added bonus. The food was so fresh.You're wondering what a 3-star review is doing amidst mostly 4 and 5-star reviews. And you're thinking of writing this review off because it's almost an outlier in a sea of dazzling reviews, and you can if you want to! 3 stars isn't bad, it's A-OK.
I'd lived a block a way for 3 years, but had never eaten here. It is an adorable little BYOB on Spruce.
We were seated at our own table - technically. The tables and chairs are certainly close enough that you could bump elbows with your neighbor. And I get that this helps a restaurant serve more customers, but I think being able to pull it off is another thing. I don't always mind it, but this is another level. If it's warm, sit outside.
Maybe it was a restaurant week thing (and this was my first restaurant week experience overall), or an Italian food thing, but I wasn't wowed by the food or service. The black kale salad was the best part of the meal. 
I could see going here with a group of close friends a bottle of wine being really nice. For a date and spectacular food, there are better places in the area.Had an 8pm reservation and the restaurant was put in the terrible situation of a party just sitting without ordering anything after paying their check for about 45 minutes.  No other table was open and we were supposed to sit at that table.  At 8:25, the hostess finally said something to the people just sitting.  They didn't get up immediately, but after about another 10 minutes, they left.  
Because of that, they brought their lobster triangles out immediately for us (on the house).  After learning that my girlfriend doesn't eat shellfish, they brought out the Market Salad (also on the house), which was delicious.  The table of 4 ordered 2 apps and 2 pastas to share.  I had the whole grilled artichoke and a few bites of the trio bruschetta.  The artichoke was cooked perfectly and the white sauce that accompanied it was a great pairing.  The bruschetta trio included mushroom, english pea, and butternut squash.  They were all decent, but I definitely prefer the original.  
As for the pasta, my gf and I shared the Beet Agnolotti, which was delicious.  Even though there was no meat, the entire dish looked like it.  The thinly sliced beets looked like a dark salami, and the agnolotti looked like rare meat with fat on the sides.  Not sure if that's what they were going for, but it was still delicious.  
For dinner, I had the short rib ragu.  It was chalk full of gnocci and short ribs.  Soooo good.  
All-in-all, I would definitely go back and hopefully next time we don't have to wait so long to sit (especially since it's a small restaurant with no place to stand inside on a cold rainy night).  I live for good authentic Italian food, and Mercato is definitely that.I lived only a block from here for nearly 2 years, and with a little rose coloured nostalgia, I'd like to share a few recommendations...
Always - try to get confirmed reservations, without which you may be subjected to an extremely long wait...  
Never - underestimate the exquisite flavors of the daily fish special, especially if golden tile fish is the subject du jour!
Intently - listen to the recommendations of your delightful wait staff, who are to become great conductors; navigating your taste buds through the fresh spices and organically grown delicacies representative of Mercato cooking culture.
Do - enjoy great company, wonderful food, and elegantly appointed accouterments ranging from unique flatware to warm candle light reflecting off dark woods and opaque finishes!
Drink-in - the fine wines your party has brought along with the ambiance, the character, the texture, and flavor of your surroundings...  
All in all Mercato is much more than just a place to eat, it's an opulent way to experience the art of eating.Excellent little BYOB.  Every dish at the table was superb, including desserts.  service is relaxed but thorough.  i will most definitely be back.Everything was AMAZING.  The food especially was worth the short wait ---which we did across the street at the bar.  They called when our table was ready.  Excellent service.  Awesome all the way around.Came for a birthday dinner and did the tasting menu. For my first course I had the bruschetta of the day (which had crab meat). It was ok, nothing to write home about. My second course though was so good that nothing else matters--the short rib ragu. Omg so good! I'll be back just for that. My third course was a fish dish which was tasty and light with a sweet corn and quinoa salad. But it paled in comparison (in terms of flavor) to the short rib. Desert was pretty good (Tiramisu) but I was so full I couldn't finish.good place to eat, the dishes were tasty, the area was nice,,, i had some kind of salad with octopus, am not a sea food person, but it was really good.
then i had the molten cake which was quite good.
service was really slowI was pretty excited about visiting Mercato for my birthday dinner.  The city seems to empty out July 4th weekend, which is perfect for us gifts to America y'all (that being me the 4th of July baby) giving us ample opportunities to make reservations at places that are normally stocked on a Friday night.  
Mercato being a BYOB very close to the Walnut Street theatre turned out to be perfect for dinner before a show....that is if your server pays attention to you.  In our case, the server did not.  We sat with sweating bottles of beer and wine for about 15+ minutes with no glasses to drink from doing the decrescendo of "EXCUSE Me sir could I..." to every other staff member in sight since our waitress was long gone.
The restaurant was extremely hot...with it being 90 degrees outside.  It was actually more refreshing to be on the street.  Mercato should put a shade on the front door to prevent sunbeams from lasering off customers' eyeballs...at least something to keep temps down.  The kitchen is pretty much in the dining room, so I understand there's not much to be done there.  Then the fire alarm went off.  So that was fun.
When we finally got glasses we ordered and we never saw our waitress again.  Seriously.  Actually she stopped by to say she'd get us some more water but then never came back with said water or anything else.  We hunted her down so we could make our show, and ended up being 15 minutes late to that...because even after hunting her down we sat for another 10 or so waiting for the return of the check.  
But aside from the service, the food is really good.  We ordered the antipasto which is by far the best deal in the house.  $17 for a piled plate of grilled/roasted veggies, cheeses, and charcuterie.  The boo got the Cioppino (a bowl of seafood in a delicious red sauce) and I got the Diver Scallops.  If I redid it, I'd probably get something else that was smaller.  The antipasto and wine was filling, and for $27 I only got 4 scallops while boo also got 4 scallops in his seafood dish plus mussels and clams.  We also ordered the basil olive oil for dipping bread into.  Bread is like crack in that place...it's given in small portions and you spend a lot of time staring around for somebody to give you more.  
I'd probably go back sit outside, and lower my expectations as far as service is concerned.I had been dying to try Mercato forever but since they never took reservations it never seemed to work out.  But finally this year I once again wishfully looked at their menu for Restaurant Week and - lo and behold - they now accept reservations!  So I booked us a table for Restaurant Week and could not have been more excited!
And I was definitely not disappointed.  Loved the atmosphere.  Even with as cramped as the quarters are, it's cozy and intimate.  We were there on a gorgeous evening and sat in one of the tables right in the windows, which were wide open to the street.  
We brought a bottle of our home-made wine with us (BYOB is even better when the wine is free!).  I could not wait to dive into that menu.  We split the antipasta (which counted as 2 appetizers).  I got the special of the day, which was this delicious pasta dish with butternut squash and porcini mushrooms...ugh, it was amazing.  I don't even remember what my boyfriend got because I was so enthralled with my dish, but I do remember that he loved it.  For dessert I got the tiramisu and he got the molten chocolate cake.
All in all, this was a fantastic evening.  I am so thrilled that Mercato now takes reservations.  This is hands-down my new favorite restaurant this side of the Atlantic.Favorite BYOB and date spot in the city. When I come here I usually start with a charcuterie board which is constantly changing. My go to meal is a the short rib ragu-it never disappoints. I have also tried some of their rotating specials-I cannot recall exactly what they were since I am writing this at a later date but they all have been great. I also like to finish off my meal with a yummy affogoto. The service is usually great here. My only complaint would be that the tables are a little too close together. I'm all for that intimate setting but I don't want to hear the peoples conversations next to me loud and clear.Very cute little restaurant. I love that it is BYOB. I had a good duck breast entree.Our favorite BYO, anywhere. 
Go early, because if you're there on the weekends, there will most likely be a wait. If you go during the week, I'm pretty sure they take reservations so call ahead!
This place is upscale casual...you can wear nice jeans or a dress/suit and still feel like you fit in. It is warm and cozy in the winter, and with the windows open in the spring and summer, it has the perfect breeze and feel. 
Mercato is LOUD. Don't bring anyone hard of hearing or uptight, because you can see/hear everything that is going on in the open kitchen, and the size of the place makes for a lively, loud atmosphere. None of which we mind! 
The food... we dream about. We have trouble going anywhere else, because a trip to the city deserves a trip to Mercato. Among our favorites are the Beemster cheese with caramel and chocolate (OMG)...the lobster ravioli (which makes you want to lick the plate clean if that would be acceptable), and the Parmesan crusted Veal Medallions. If you get there on a day when the tomato bisque is on the menu, get it! Excellent and will make you dream of a second helping. For dessert, get the Molten Chocolate Cake. You can be full, have room for nothing else, and still finish it because you just can't stop. 
Again, Mercato is our favorite BYO, anywhere. Check it out next time you are in Philly!I came here on a Thursday night and it was still packed so it must say something about this restaurant. The menu is not very extensive but they had some pretty interesting dishes. I tried the scallop risotto while my roommate tried the lobster and crab pasta.
The risotto was pretty good with yummy pan-fried scallops. There's also peas in this dish and while I'm not a fan of peas, it actually tasted pretty good. As for the lobster and crab pasta, this was only okay. From the menu, I was expecting something more along the line of a fettucini with lobster and crab but it's actually more like a dumpling  with a lobster and shrimp paste. 
Overall, it seems like a fun place to go for a small party of friends. I don't recommend coming here for a date though because it is quite loud inside. My roommate and I kept asking each other to repeat what we said...  Lighting was also a bit too dark. I'll come back eventually and try some other dishes.BYOB gem.  It seems like their entire menu is offered during restaurant week, so it's an amazing deal.
The fried artichoke is a must.  The calamari salad is also cooked perfectly - very tender and tasty.  
Just beware that they only take cash.  And that you will likely make friends with your neighbors, or at least over hear their conversations.This place was very, very mediocre. I was more pleased by my dishes than my spouses. All of her dishes I thought were on the terrible side of the scale. Having said that, mine were nothing special either. The experience was entirely forgettable and I will definitely not be back. Some of the more expensive restaurants in Philadelphia are worth the price, but I believe that this is not one of them.This was our 2nd time at Mercato, the 1st being during Restaurant Week last winter.  We will be going a lot more now that they accept reservations, it was just too much of a crap shoot before when they didn't and it's not all that fun to have to wait an hour plus to eat.  
Anyways moving on, we got to Mercato and brought 2 bottles of wine and a bottle of scotch and had no problem getting wine glasses and some glasses with ice.  We started off with the meatballs, the antipasta, and the grilled octopus salad (there were 4 of us).  All of these are raelly awesome apps and I would recommend splitting everything because Mercato definitely serves hearty portions that you can easily share.  The highlight for me other than the meatballs was the lima beans and the small salad that comes with the antipasta.  For dinner we did the Pyramid Pasta, which was really good, the short rib ragu which is just killer, and the Cioppino.  The Cioppino was unreal the red sauce it came in was sweet but not acidic and there was a ton of seafood to the point where I was almost sick of seafood.  We did do dessert and did the molten chocolate cake, the sorbet, and the cheesecake and all were really good.  
We will definitely be back because for the price you are paying here you are getting high quality food and a lot of it and their pasta is just super fresh and it's hard to beat.  I almost don't want to write this review because I don't want it to get any busier there, but if and when you go definitely bring a few bottles of whatever you like to drink.Yesterday, today and tomorrow.  
I love it here. I love the location, the bustling energy, the noise, the menu, the tables crammed in the small space, I love it all - especially when the large windows are open and the restaurant opens up to the corner of Camac and Spruce on an Indian summer evening. Mercato is a Philadelphia BYOB personified.
Service can be a bit hurried (they tend to rotate through servers, don't be alarmed), considering the size and the turnovers, but they are polite and thorough. 
 Menu is always executed consistently and is excellent; in all the years I've come here (three or four times a year) the food has been top-notch and delicious.  If in a group, try their antipasti, enough to feed four.  Pasta faves include the Short rib ragu, Lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta, and the delicious, seasonally-appropriate Pumpkin fettuccine.  For their culminare, their diver scallops and cioppino is always succulent.  Never hesitate to try their daily special.  Lastly, leave room for their mascarpone cheesecake... deadly.
Mercato is best experienced in a group no bigger than four (six at the most, but conversation will be difficult and seating will be tight) - it is no place for a first date (as you know, first come- first served reservations, they only take them for pre-theater seatings)  If you come on a weekend, arrive by 7:30 pm at the latest to put your name in - they'll most likely send you to their sister restaurant down the street, Valanni for a cocktail and then call you when your table is ready.
As always, and unfortunately still, cash only.My husband and I went here for Valentine's Day dinner and our experience was mixed. 
PROS:
I give the food an A-  Each course was thoughtfully and well prepared.  Fresh ingredients. Good flavor combinations. Selection and portion size were limited but adequate. 
CONS:
The worst offense was feeling rushed from the moment we arrived. It was Valentine's Day and they had a set menu and it was clear from the get-go that they wanted to move tables. We felt like cattle. 
Chocolate torte was boring, dry and forgettable. 
Tables are crammed together so tightly that the tables on either side of us had to move their tables all the way to the tables on the other sides of them to let us out. And though we are people of average to thin size, we still brushed into them as we tried to squeeze out. 
Blasts of cold air from outside throughout our meal (we sat in the middle of the restaurant) kept me shivering in my sweater the entire time.If I was rating Mercato on food alone I would probably give 5 stars and overall I really enjoyed my dining experience. I stopped in for restaurant week on a Sunday and fairly late . I'm glad I chose this time to visit because any earlier or another night and the atmosphere may not have been as enjoyable. 
First the flavors of my meal were spectacular. I started with the market salad that consisted of arugula, grapefruit, burrata, hazelnut and vinaigrette. I know it's a salad but it was really good.  Then for my main I had spinach and artichoke fettuccine. This was the best pasta dish I've had in a while! Perfect flavors. For dessert I had tiramisu. Classic and the liqueur wasn't too overbearing like in some. 
Now if you read some of the other reviews, people mention the size of the space and the closeness of the tables and that's true.  This is a very tiny BYOB and table closeness would make it difficult for a party of 2 to have a private conversation during peak hours. Luckily I visited when the crowd was dwindling and we had an area to ourselves. With the ever diverse dining options in Philly, Mercato is the intimate place that reminds you of why the foodie scene is so popular in the city.We went to Mercato last night for my girlfriend's birthday.  It was delicious!  Two of us ordered the lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta, birthday girl had the short rib ragu, and I chose the homemade spaghetti.  Everything was exceptional.  I had never eaten spaghetti with white sauce, but dang, this was phenomenal!  
As already mentioned in other reviews, Mercato is BYO.  Which is great considering the price (about 25 dollars for an entree).  I'd like to go back for restaurant week!
Also, get the chocolate molten cake... you will not be disappointed ;)Didn't stay for the food unfortunately. So loud and noisy couldn't hear ourselves talk.I made a reservation for myself and two friends for a Saturday night. Overall the food was good - we shared the fontina-stuffed meatballs and grilled artichoke as an appetizer and then each ordered a pasta for dinner as we had heard great things. I ordered the Nduja bolognese and my friends each ordered the squid ink pasta with crab. Weirdly, their entrees came out looking completely different (vastly different ratio of pasta to sauce on each), which we thought was strange. We all enjoyed our meals, but to be honest we weren't blown away. It was a good meal, but I'm not sure I'll be back given the wealth of great Italian places in the city.  I was also a bit turned off by the frazzled attitude of the waitstaff/hostess when we arrived, though once seated, our server was attentive and organized.Came here for a fancier night out than usual and was pleasantly surprised.
Loved the atmosphere inside the place, bustling but not so much that you can't have a conversation at your own table.  You can see the stainless steel adorned kitchen from any seat inside, which is even nicer. 
BYOB which is always a + in my book.
We got a antipasta app to share with some really delicious meats, cheeses, and artichoke on it along with the calamari app(not fried). It was probably the best part of the meal for me. so many amazing flavors!
I got the scallops and risotto dish for my dinner, very good but definitely super rich.  liked the crunchy parmesean crostini thing that comes with it for a texture balance.
All in all we had a great time, some table even bought us dessert cause we had to do a slight rearrangement for their large party.  I would highly recommend the cheesecake, but the tiramisu not so much (very underwhelming) 
I would come back to get the antipasta again and a pasta dish next time!My must-go spot in Philly!! Everything I've had in at least 5 visits has been delicious and fresh. Good service, BYOB, open air in the summer, love love love!Let me start by saying, I rarely write bad reviews. I really wanted to like this place and had been looking forward to dining here, but everything about this place was  wrong. 
The food was awful. Really awful. Me and my boyfriend were very hungry, and it's really hard to dislike food when you're so hungry, but despite tiny portions, neither of us could finish the food. We had ordered short ribs, bruschetta, and the pyramid pasta. The short ribs were probably the only decent thing on our table, but were below average in taste and texture. The bruschetta was more like cheesy garlic bread, and I would prefer pizza hut's over this place. Lastly, the pyramid pasta, was VERY rich to the point of sickening. And actually, I was nauseous all night long because of the food here. Everything was drowning in oil and I can't even write more about the food because it's still making me a bit queasy to think about my meal. I really hoped I had just gotten a few things on the menu that weren't the best, but when the couple at the table next to us ordered different food and was also complaining, I knew I wasn't mistaken. 
We came around 8:30 on a Friday and the waitstaff seemed like all they wanted was to clear the table so they could get home.
I must say again, I rarely write bad reviews and I wish I didn't have such a sub-par experience (truly I hope it was just a bad day for the Mercato team), but I felt it imperative to let everyone know my different experience.My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia!! The place is tiny so sometimes you have to wait for a table - and you may be cramped up pretty close to the people eating next to you - but the food more than makes up for it!!! For the apps I recommend the mussels and clams! After eating the mussels and clams you will need some more bread to soak up the sauce! after that you will probably want some more bread until you soak up the last bit of sauce - its that yummy!! My favorite entree is a tossup between the lobster and shrimp pasta and the short rib ragu. I've recommended both to numerous friends the wife and I have brought here and both dishes always receive rave reviews. The pasta melts in  your mouth and both dishes are amazingly flavorful. Can't wait to take my parents here next time they come and visit! This really is one of the best restaurants in a city packed with great restaurants.The short rib ragu was to die for- the gnocchi melted in our mouths!  We've been here before and we'll definitely be back!!Arrived at 8:45 for a 9:00 PM reservation and was finally seated at 10:00 PM. While I would expect a wait from a restaurant that doesn't take reservations, Mercato DOES during restaurant week, and requires that you give a credit card number to hold the table. If you don't show up, they will charge $25 bucks a head. I don't understand why Mercato requires you give them a credit card as incentive to show up when they are unable to accomodate the amount of people they have reservations for. 
As far as the food, it was okay to good. The grilled artichoke was great as was the bruschetta. I loved the short rib ragu, but my friend with the lobster and crab pyramids couldn't spot any lobster or crab! The desserts were ok. The apple cobbler was fine, but the chocolate molten cake was just soupy chocolate with a crust of cake on top.
I tried coming to Mercato during restaurant week nearly a year and a half ago, and after waiting 45 minutes for a reservation, left. This time around, I had hoped that the later reservation time would guarantee that Mercato stuck to their schedule, but no dice.
Will likely not come again.Love love love Mercato. The whole atmosphere is warm and inviting, especially when the weather is warm and the windows are open to the outdoor seating. I've had the grilled artichoke and meatballs to start, and would definitely recommend either. Also, they had a special menu item of a bruchetta with lemon marscapone last time I went and it was so flavorful and delicious I wish it were on the menu all the time. You can't go wrong with any of the pasta dishes, but the pyramid pasta is so unique I have a hard time ordering anything else. BYOB, great find in the city. Highly recommend for a date night or dinner catching up with friends!Don't believe the hype. As far as Italian goes, I've had way better. I feel like if you're going to do Italian, you've got to really shine. And the food here just didn't. 
The ambiance was really cute -- very cozy. A bit loud. I came here for restaurant week and got the butternut squash soup, the striped bass and the tiramisu for dessert. 
The butternut squash soup was the best of all the plates. However, I can't remember the last time I had a really terrible squash soup, so I'm not sure how much that's saying. The striped bass was really not that great. The sauce was oddly sweet. The fish itself was overpowered and really crispy. I couldn't really eat the onions and mushrooms because of the overwhelming sauce. The tiramisu was also drowned in espresso. 
I would have given Mercato a fair review despite the mediocre food, except for the fact that the waitress came over at the end of our meal and stated, "I don't mean to rush you, but there are a lot of people waiting for tables." And then walked away. WHILE I WAS STILL EATING MY DESSERT. 
I've dined in some snooty places before and have never had someone ask me to leave; I think my jaw hit the table after she said that. Needless to say, I did not finish my mediocre tiramisu. 
The thing that really gets me is the food wasn't even that great! If it had been the best meal I'd ever had perhaps I wouldn't have been so offended at being kicked out. But for Mercato? No way. Never going here again and would definitely not recommend.Great BYOB. Ambiance of the place was a tad bit on the tight side with seating and a little bit on the loud side noise wise, but other than that really cool... Service was great, staff friendly and helpful... Food was fabulous.. We had the Short Rib Ragu and Pyramid Pasta. Both were top-notch... Parking can be in a pain, but it's center city so it's expected... Definitely going backI would like to leave a review about the food - but unfortunately we were never seated. We showed up for our 9:45 reservation but the hostess said the previous patrons paid their check 35 minutes ago and wouldn't leave...so our table wasn't available. So we waited uncomfortably in the door for 45 minutes until they left - and then watched our table be given away.  So we had no choice but to leave. In general the staff seemed overwhelmed and poorly organized. And we were disappointed in the way they handled the situation.I still consider Mercato one of the best BYOBs in Philly. That's why I will give them 5 stars. However, to my regret, I think in the very beginning they were 6 stars ... even better! I remember having ossobuco (very traditional italian veal leg) within the first two months they opened. Very, very authentic. It was the best I ever had, even in Italy I had no better. Now, unfortunately for the food purist they moved away from the very italian to the americanized-italian. Still excellent, but, folks, we can get that style at some many other places. Fortunately, they are one of the best ... Go on a weekday to avoid the crowds. This is great food, so don't let them rush you... (I know, I kinda always write that)One of the better meals I have had lately. Also one of the only places that can be that crowded, and the food is so good that you don't notice.
I also like the fact that they don't seem to inflate the cost of the food to compensate for the fact that they are a BYOB.
Mercato, go head with your bad self.This place is unreal. I visited back in September and had a variety of appetizers including the grilled octopus, stuffed artichoke, and meatballs. Highly recommend all three. My entree was a gnocchi dish and it was perfectly made. Mercato is cash only so make sure you come prepared.I visited Mercato last weekend before a concert at the Academy of music and of course, it was totally packed, about an hour wait.  My friends and I decided to suck it up and eat outside (in November) under the heat lamps. It worked out great, it was chilly but not prohibitively so and the food was amazing.  I had the braised short rib gnocchi with broccoli rabe, it was amazing, the only criticsm i would have is that the ratio of short rib to gnocchi was a little off, i finished more than my fill and there was like still an entire bowl of short rib business left over.  I had the broccoli rabe and meatballs and sausage to start out with. It was good, the sausage was spicy, and the meatballs were tiny, they were good, but I wasn't blown away, the rabe was great though. My boyfriend had the lobster pyramid pasta and was raving.  The scallops got a good review from my friend, and the last dish is currently escaping me but no complaints to speak of.  My friend also started with the Market salad which looked great.  I wish we could have gotten inside but the wait just speaks to the quality of this place and I won't hold it against them! the one complaint i have is that I'm 30 and I got ma'amed by a waitress... but that's just me....
five stars! do it!I was here last Sunday night (Memorial Day weekend) with two of my friends visiting from out of town, and we had a GREAT experience. Luckily, we got seated after about a five minute wait which was awesome! The food was extremely tasty, and even though it was super busy in there for the holiday weekend and the waitresses were running around like crazy they didn't rush us out of there we were able to sit back and truly enjoy our meal. The tables are definately very close to each other, but that is something I expected for a BYOB, since it's usually all about the food and not so much the ambience. However, I really enjoyed the simple elegance of the decorations at Mercato. I will definately go back again.I sort of hate loud places. I avoid bars 95% of my life... or any public place that will leave me with a headache and a general dislike for all people within 30 minutes.
Mercato is full of boisterous, tipsy people and busy kitchen staff packed into a small area (re: loud). Yet it somehow didn't faze me one bit. My boyfriend and I chose a table in a corner and were able to converse with no trouble. Something about the atmosphere of the restaurant made all of the hubbub enjoyable.
We did the prix fixe and I ordered: portabella mushroom wrapped in some flaky pastry with arugula , risotto... with more mushrooms (I never tire of mushrooms) and other veggies, a filet mignon with roasted potatoes and brussels sprouts. And (finally) tiramisu. Upon reading this description you may come to the conclusion that I am not a foodie, will never be a professional writer and should probably stick to playing Settlers of Catan online rather than contributing to Yelp. Hear me out, though! This meal was the best I've had in this city. You can't go wrong with mushroom wrapped in greasy pastry, creamy pasta, melt-in-your-mouth steak (AND melt-in-your-mouth brussels!).
The only disappointment I experienced was with the tiramisu. It probably didn't mesh well with the wine I was trying to down before leaving the restaurant.
O Mercato, if only I could afford to eat within your walls on a weekly basis.Okay the Pyramid Pasta might be the best pasta dish I have ever had in my life. IN. MY. LIFE. And this girl knows her carbs on carbs on carbs. When I finished it, I felt like I won at dinner. Not that the Chicken Marsala and the Veal Saltimbocca chosen by my dining companions weren't worthy competitors, but come on... lobster, shrimp, ricotta, pine nuts, asparagus, etc. etc. etc... they didn't stand a chance.
Pro tip: Save some of that deeelicious bread for the leftover browned butter sauce. You're not gonna want to let any of that go back to the kitchen. Trust me.Having watched the former chef of this restaurant on Chopped, we were intrigued to try this new Italian restaurant. We are always excited to come to Philadelphia where there are so many Italian restaurants and anticipated an outstanding experience in a city with so much competition. We were immediately seated indoors on a beautiful evening and enjoyed the open view to the street. Initially greeted by a friendly waitress we were off to a good start. Unfortunately, we had multiple servers throughout the meal and were never sure who was responsible for our table. While the service was overall fine, the professionalism of the waitstaff was uneven ranging from pleasant and personable to indifference and entitled. The food while flavorful was not highly innovative or so outstanding to warrant prices twice that of old south Philadelphia italian standards. Several aspects of the evening were disappointing including but not limited to a lack of a liquor license necessitating a BYOB, the "cash only" policy, and a single bathroom for all patrons. It is hard to imagine in a city with so many wonderful italian restaurants, that its trendiness will be enough to sustain it.This was definitely one of the best meals I've had in a while. I went with my friend for his birthday and we had great service, great food, and a food coma to prove it later. Just wow. And to realize that Mercato is so close to where I live. Awesome. It's also a pretty casual atmosphere in Mercato. And it's BYOB. Very nice.
We started with the roasted portabella and arugula puff pastry appetizer. Great to share (figure out how to cut it appropriately though) because it in itself can be close to a meal. I had the lobster and shrimp pasta as my main dish. So filling and tasty. I really liked the whole pyramid pasta idea; it made for a unique presentation. Mercato definitely puts in effort for presentation and style of its cuisine. Maybe go a little more easy on the salt, but overall a great culinary experience. Already on my list to frequent again.
My one and only gripe...
So cramped. There, I said it. Minus one star for you, Mercato. I thought Beau Monde was bad, but this takes it to a whole 'nother level. I mean, yea the food made up for it, but I'm not really comfortable sitting two feet from another customer (ok, exaggeration). I like intimate, but not THAT intimate, ya know? Thankfully we went right when it opened during the week, so we weren't too cramped. I can only imagine full capacity.Let me start by saying the lobster and shrimp pyramid pasta is the best dish I have had in recent memory. Seriously outstanding.
If you go, be prepared to wait. Reservations are only accepted before 6:30. They'll take your cell phone and call you when your table is ready, so plan on a pre-dinner drink at Valanni across the street, or Tria down the block. Also, parties of more than four are kind of obnoxious because the place is so small. BYO and cash-only. Service was cordial but not overly friendly. 
The tasting menu ($45 for four courses), which I've had before and comes with almost too much food, is only available to you if the whole table is also ordering it. 
We shared the antipasti app, which was big and full of portobello mushrooms, roasted peppers, marinated mozzarella balls, salami, olives and roasted tomatoes. For my entree, I had the arctic char special, served with parmesan new potatoes, grilled asparagus, and a micro greens salad with lump crab meat. It was excellent, though the fish could have been cooked a tad longer. I tried all the other dishes too, and everything was great, with portions that were much bigger than expected. The four of us shared the tiramisu, which was moist, flavorful and gone in 60 seconds.  
I'm pretty close to claiming Mercato as my favorite restaurant in Philly, but there are still a few more to try.Awesome Italian byob in the heart of Washington square west neighborhood. The interior is small with a very energetic and bustling vibe. The food is simply top notch. We started off with 2 appetizers: a whole grilled artichoke with citrus aioli on the side and a wild mushroom radicchio and butter bean salad. Both were very fresh and delicious. For entree, my wife had the Pan seared diver scallops which were served with wild mushroom and english pea risotto. I had pyramid pasta stuffed with lobster and shrimp served with asparagus and toasted pine nuts on the side. Wow. Both entrees were incredible. 
Another cool aspect is the open-air kitchen. You can smell the aromas of the assortment of meals being cooked anywhere you are sitting in the restaurant. The service was also great as our waitress was friendly, courteous, and helped navigate us through the unique menu. Will definitely come back to Mercato.I love a good BYOB, but Mercato unfortunately just didn't live up to expectations.  My dining companions were reasonably happy with our meal (which was complemented by two nice bottles of Burgundy, thankfully) but I really enjoy GOOD pasta and Italian food and based on my iniital experience I definitely don't plan to return.
The grilled octopus salad had some nice brightness and was fine but the octopus was quite large and a chewier than I prefer.  Pumpkin Fettuccine was a complete disaster with clumped and mushy pasta along with a supposed sage brown butter sauce that was so bad it appeared to have truffle oil added in a misguided attempt to make it palatable.  In terms of other pastas, the Rigatoni Bolognese had way too much oil and was marginally appetizing - I love a good Bolognese and this thick meat sauce actually had decent flavor but the dish was made unappealing when small clumps of the meat were thrown into a bowl with a flat, slightly mushy rigatoni that was saturated in olive oil.
The hit of the night was the Lobster Pyramid Pasta which didn't blow me away but was still very well done.  The Crispy Bass was also pretty good although like everything on the menu it cost too much and just didn't have enough zing.  Clearly, Mercato has a good business model with a quoted 2 hour wait and people clamoring pay cash for overpriced pasta and average food.  If you're used to old school red sauce joints you may find Mercato to be a unique and fresh take on Italian food.  However, if you've ever had great Italian food or outstanding fresh pasta I can guarantee you'll be disappointed.  I certainly was.Wish they had more vegetarian/fish options. Ok, but not the best.Went on a Saturday night, the earliest time they had available was 9:00pm.  The restaurant was very crowded and this in combination with the kitchen being so close made the place VERY noisy.  
We ordered the short rib ragu and the veal cutlets.  The quality was definitely good, but not spectacular, and probably not worth the price.  The service was also not great, as it took a long time to get his attention.  
Overall, I would recommend Mercato for a weekday dinner, but a place to avoid on weekends.  The noise level coupled with the small space makes it an unpleasant dining experience that will cost you a fair amount.One of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia. It's definitely on the pricier side, but an amazing place for a special occasion. All of the dishes are prepared very thoughtfully, and I'm still salivating over the steak dish I had there! I can't wait for another excuse to go back! I will say, one down side is that it's very loud inside.  It's not a good place to bring a group of 4+, because you won't be able to hear people on the other side. Try to get a table against the wall, or if the weather allows, outside.I had been craving scallops and risotto all day. The thought of buttery smooth scallops and creamy, cheesy risotto was making my mouth water, so I begged my boyfriend to come with me to the one place I knew I could satisfy my craving... Mercato. 
I've been to Mercato multiple times before, and I have loved the food and experience every single time. The place is small and quaint, but the food is delicious. And it's a BYO... always a plus in my book.
My boyfriend and I started off with the mussels and clams. The broth was amazing and I probably looked like a fool slurping it up with the empty mussel shells. I, of course had the scallops, and it was everything I wanted. My boyfriend had the strip steak which was also very tasty and was cooked perfectly.
They don't take reservations on Saturdays, but we came in around 9:30 and only had to wait about 20 minutes. They take your number down on their cool iPad and you get a text when your table is ready. Way better than those annoying buzzer things. We went down the block to Valanni and had a drink while we were waiting.
We'll definitely be coming back here again!Whole Grilled Artichoke - 7/10
extra virgin olive oil, sea salt, citrus aioli
Grilled Octopus - 9/10
white bean & oregano puree, roasted long hot, black olive tapenade, pickled red onion, spicy coppa crisp
Pyramid Pasta - 8/10
stuffed with ricotta, lobster & shrimp, parmesan, brown butter, pine nuts
Short Rib Ragu - 8/10
ricotta gnocchi, broccoli rabe, shaved locatelli, truffle oil
Chocolate soufflé- 8/10A date night staple for my partner and I. A perfect bustling Italian BYOB. It's hard to go wrong with the menu.... I love the cheese selections and artichoke to start. Short rib ragu, paparedelle, scallops, steak.... they are all perfect. I love to get our name on the list, run down the street for a cocktail, and then come back for a perfect dinner.Absolutely delicious and incredibly romantic. Having married into a large Italian family I'm pretty accustomed to Italian food. This place knocked it out of the park and then some. I love how it feels very authentic Italian, but its not your typical American-Italian Menu (Chicken Parm, Calamari, blah blah blah). The menu was incredibly well put together and refreshing.
Atmosphere was gorgeous, only thing keeping it from a 5 star was that it gets a bit crowded in there and the wait staff has trouble maneuvering around everything.
All in all can't wait to go back.A friend and I went to this restuarant for restuarant week.  Our meal was amazing.
We got the bruchetta spread and I hate mushrooms, and I devoured this...they were amazing.  The meatballs were mind blowing and I highly highly recommend the short rib.  I got the salmon and my friend got the short rib, and though my salmon was amazing, the short rib was better.
Lastly, the pumpkin cheesecake was so decadent and was topped with the best pumpkin seed peanut brittle.  I would LOVE to go back.
Also BYO!! Who can beat that!??
The only bad thing is you have to have cash, and the tables are VERY close together.2 stars only because of the rudeness of the server
Came there for restaurant week to a very busy and cramped restaurant . Pretty good selection and I have to say it was tasty. HOWEVER the reason  I have given them only 2 stars was the rudeness of a waitress. (Whoch apparently according to the manager , is normal as a last resort) After we settled the check our coats where brought to us without asking. We were having a great time and were finishing our bottle, when another waitress said that others are waiting and we should leave! This was a first for me and was appalled by the audacity to tell your guests to leave. It is a shame because otherwise I enjoyed it up until that moment. Unfortunately , i wont be back as I am a firm believer that it is the customer that grows your business.Perfect, perfect, perfect.  
My brother took me here while I was in town visiting.  We ordered an appetizer special- I believe it was a pork pate- delicious.  For my entree, I got the gnocchi which was also amazingly delicious.  
The service was spot on.  Everything we needed came to the table before we asked for it. 
The dining room is snug, so be prepared to sit close to your neighbors.  This worked out great for us because the ladies at the next table were friendly and we all discussed our wonderful entrees.
I highly recommend!This place is awesome! Went to eat with two friends on a Monday night and didn't have a problem getting in, probably because it was 830. This was my first visit, and loved every minute of it. We started with the cheese plate and the char grilled Caesar salad (forgot to ask for no anchovies) so be careful of that. My main course was to die for! I got the pyramid pasta which had shrimp and lobster stuffed in a ravioli! Yum, yum and more yum! For dessert my favorite was the Carmel salted gelato! Service and staff was great as well. I will definitely be back very soon!Best food ever!  This BYOB is one of my favorite spots in the city.  You have to get there pretty early to get a good table on the weekends. They take reservations on weeknights for anytime before....6:30 p.m. (I believe).  Recently, a group of five of us went to celebrate a girlfriend's upcoming nuptials, and the staff was very accommodating.  I have been to Mercato several times before, and every experience has always been excellent.
My menu favorites are the scallops as well as the sausage stuffed chicken breast wrapped in prosciutto, topped with arugula, and a side of the most amazing, cheesy polenta I have ever tasted.  The buttery muscles are also delectable.  It's hard to resist having at least a piece of the crusty bread sitting in the luscious sauce.  You have to get the octopus as a starter.....amazing texture and lemony/olivey/basilly flavor!
It gets pretty loud and busy in the dining room at times, but the atmosphere is always fresh, bright, and a great place to have a conversation with a friend or with a group of people.  The wait staff has done an excellent job every time. Hope this place stays this good forever!
I'm also looking forward to trying the Sunday Night Supper with prix fixe menu!I had an awesome meal here last night.  I decided to go for the 4 course tasting menu because Brooke L. had recommended it.  It definitely saves you a few bucks and who doesn't like 4 courses?
I started with the Mussels & Clams.  They were amazing and the grilled bread with them was the perfect accompaniment.  Next I tried the orecchiette with sweet sausage.  It was also very good.  The Lobster and Crab Pasta was also good.  For my entree I had the Duck breast special with creamy sage polenta and braised greens.  If only the chef had used a little more salt, it would have been insanely good.
Everyone must try the chocolate pecan tart.  It's basically some pecan pie with melted toffee and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Even though I was absolutely stuffed I couldnt help finishing the whole thing.
I will definitely return here sometime soonMy wife & I dropped into this Spruce St. BYOB around 8:30 on a busy Friday night...the place was packed, but we were seated quickly.   It's your standard BYOB set-up, simple but appealing decor, diners packed in elbow to elbow, a bit loud but very alive.
We started with the artichoke...very smoky & spicy, drizzled with olive oil.  Tearing off the leaves and working your way to the delicious heart...a fun app to start with.
The anitpasti plated was an arrangement of marinated veggies, mozzarella & crostini...nothing too interesting...one  touch, the salami were rolled into little flowers with a caper in the center.
My cioppino was brimming with great hunks of fish & loads of shellfish...the warm, tomato broth was loaded with spices, salty olives and garnished with a cheesy crostini. The clam & mussel shells picked up all the little bits of fish, calamari & crab.
The short rib ragu was fall-apart tender, deep & rich in meaty flavor. Served over a bed of ricotta gnocchi & broccoli rabe, then topped with a strong cheese (they called it locatelli...I never had it before, but reminded me of grana padano...muskier, firmer & less salty than parmesan). The gnocchi were more the dente style and lacked salt, but if you got a bit of everything on one forkfull, the flavors and textures contrasted amazingly together...bitter & rich, tender & chewy. 
Finished with the Affogato...a simple finish of espresso poured over ice cream and served with ladyfingers.
This is a cash-only BYOB.The place is ok, nothing spectacular. The food and ambiance was ok. Music was electronic dance. Very crowded and cash only. Don't forget to bring booze or cash!! The service was really nice, I called last minute for reservations and they took us in bc the host really heard how much I wanted to go. And I totally appreciate that. I would like to return when it's not Restaurant Week and hopefully the food will be better. Parking is terrible.I went to Mercato in probably Octoboer, 2009, with a friend.  Space was a bit tight, but it wasn't memorably uncomfortable.  It's been a little while, so I can't go into as much detail about the food.  I remember thinking the olive butter that came with the bread was fine, but not particularly olivey.  My friend and I shared the braised brussels sprouts with bacon.  They were a little bit soft, but very tasty.  We got the short rib rabu and the beef bolgonese.  The short rib ragu came with gnocchi and broccoli rabe, and the bolognese came with pappardelle and shavings of pecorino romano.  Both were fantastic.  The meat in each was tender.  The pasta itself was rich and enjoyable as more than just a platform for meat and sauce.  The bolognese sauce was creamy and rich.  We ordered two desserts.  I believe one was some sort of pumpkin pecan cheesecake and the other was an apple bread pudding, but I don't quite remember.  Both were good, although not quite as good as the savory element of the meal.  Part of this may be because we were both fairly full at this point and forced ourselves to order dessert because we'd enjoyed everything else so much.
Aside from the quality of the food, I was also quite pleased with the value of the meal.  The portions of the pasta were very generous--I wouldn't call them large, but they were reasonable.  The pasta was very filling, so I wound up having leftovers, anyway.  I think the meal came to about $40 each.Worth the wait. Small and had to wait outside in the cold. However the best Italian food I have ever ate. Needs to be a little bigger and more room. However well priced and superb quality!!Haven't been here for several years and won't be rushing back. The meatball and artichoke appetizers were very good but my entre (short rib pasta) was just average. The tables were so close together we might as well have been eating with the other 4 people around us but the noise level was so high you couldn't hear across the table anyway. So just average 3 stars for me.Dear Marilyn Hagerty,
I loved your earnest and glowing review of the Olive Garden in the Grand Forks Herald last year.  I am impressed that with your words you were able to capture the attention of Anthony Bourdain and have inspired so many people to re-examine American culture through food (whether it's our own self-criticism about bi-coastal elitism, the over-thinking of degustation, or rethinking restaurant chains in general).  I do believe, though, that if you came to Philly and tried Mercato, you would have a lot to say.
First, I think you would fall in love with the charm of the area around 12th and Spruce.  I imagine that you would come by around opening time for the restaurant to avoid the later crowds and wait times.  You would enjoy walking down Spruce Street, admiring the brownstones and older architecture, and up the steps to the restaurant and finding it to be a single room with an open kitchen where you can watch the chefs firing up dishes.  You may be surprised to find the host or hostess keeping track of seating via an iPad but then immediately look around to the simple yet elegant details in the restaurant's decor, complete with carvings on the ceiling tiles.  Yes, the ceiling tiles will make the Tuscan arches of the Olive Garden fade away like a bad dream.
You may be a little disappointed that the bread at Mercato does not quite have the same allure as the hot, processed white oil-covered breadsticks one gets used to at the Olive Garden, but you may be pleased by the herb butter and your ability to bring your own favorite wine here.  No, the waitstaff at Mercato do not wear the crisp black trousers and yellow dish towels you so love at the OG, but you would quickly become impressed at their knowledge of all the ingredients that go into the specials of the day.  
Now on to the food.  The few black olives offered with the unlimited salad bowl at your Grand Forks eatery would pale in comparison to the flavorful savory broth of the mussels you can start with here; no canned garnishes are needed to add flavor.  Although you found the chicken alfredo ($10.95) at OG to be warm and comforting on a cold winter day, you would find the short rib ragu to be the definition of comfort food ($13-14 for fresh ingredients for a half-portion that is more than enough for one person) with well made gnocchi and broccoli rabe to accompany the tender meat that soaks up the broth.  I would not judge you if you ended up licking the bowl clean and gobbling up one of the succulent seafood pyramids from your dinner companion's pyramid pasta plate.
After the ragu, you would thank yourself for wearing pants with an elastic waistband in anticipation for splitting the salmon dish, which again is so beautifully cooked, sitting on expertly prepared risotto and kale, all enhanced with the acidity of the lemon butter sauce.  At this point, you may pass out from a food (or wine) coma, but I am sure your dinner companion would inform you that the tiramisu was quite good.
Ah, Marilyn, how you would love this place.  It may inspire you to move away from Grand Forks, North Dakota and come live / eat / critique in Philly.  One can only hope and dream.
Much love from one of your biggest fans,
JenOne of my favorite byob's in Philadelphia.
Great Italian food.  Everything is fresh and tastes great.  Versatile place to take a date or just friends.  Fairly priced for what you receive as well. 
I just have to note that wait time to get inside unfortunately can take a while at times so bring some extra wine :]Now this is how restaurant week should be! None of this mini menu of things that they don't usually serve. I'm talking full menu, plus a special, included in the $35 price; I mean, I could actually get an idea of what it's like to eat at this restaurant and maybe be tempted to come back again. What a concept! 
It was incredibly crowded and noisy, but I overheard someone say it's not usually like this on a Thursday night; the price for a restaurant week night. Our waitress was very nice and didn't seem at all frazzled by the huge crowd. It's a minor thing, but I kinda liked that the waitstaff were in red, rather than the typical black; made them much easier to spot. Only one bathroom, but you get a good view of the prep in the kitchen while you're waiting =P
Oh yeah, and the food was delicious! Delicious, and fresh, and well made, and there was a lot of it. We started with the market salad, (amazing dressing), and the trio of bruschetta, which were practically a meal in themselves. Huge, deceptively simple, a great example of how good simple ingredients when done well can be amazing.
Then onto the veal, which I didn't try but hubby really liked. I got the butternut squash fettucine (sans pancetta). So flavorful and yummy, but I could only get thru half of it before I feared not having room for dessert, and they happily wrapped my leftovers for me. Dessert was the pumpkin tart and chocolate molten cake. Both excellent. If you're too full to finish the whole thing, which I'm sad to say I was, make sure you eat the very bottom crunchy chocolately crustish part.Always wanted to go to this place but somehow it was difficult to get a reservation. I remember one day over the summer, there was a long line outside. However, I was able to get a table for two this past Wednesday. 
Service was courteous and on top of everything. No fancy customer service that are going to explain all the details of the menu and at the end you remember, basically, nothing. Menu was really good - just that the quality of it was not the greatest. The main i chose to get was the Spanish octopus which was tasty but way to salty. I'd like to blame this on the fact that I visited during restaurants week. The restaurant got extremely busy within 15 minutes. I'm not sure if I'll visit again. We'll see.OH MY GOSH, AMAZING. Spicy crab bucatini & the pyramid pasta was just spot on PERFECT. I am already planning my return trip there!!This is one of my all time favorite BYOBs.  The diver scallops are probably my number 1.  The atmosphere is really comfortable and warm and the service is excellent.  Be prepared for a long wait time.This is one of my all-time favorite BYOB's in Philly. The food here is just amazing! I have tried pretty much everything on the menu and here are my faves:
(1) charred caesar salad (I'm not a huge fan of dressing drenched on my salad, so I request for smaller amounts of dressing to be placed on my salad)
(2) grilled octopus salad
(3) mussels and clams
(4) pumpkin fettuccine
(5) pyramid pasta (the top/outside of the pyramid pasta itself can be a bit dried out) but you definitely get lobster and shrimp in every bite)
(6) short rib ragu
(7) parpadelle
(8) pan seared diver scallops
(9) bittersweet molten chocolate cake (if you can fit in dessert)
And always, ask what the specials are. 
Cons that I can think of: 
(1) Like all BYOBs, space is limited. The tables are literally placed next to each other so do not expect any privacy. 
(2) Make a reservation as the wait time is usually pretty long. There was a time where I decided to eat outside with the heaters instead so I didn't have to wait as long (mind you this was in November).
And like most BYOB's, cash only.Mercato really stands out from some of the other Italian BYO's in the city. You walk up and it's got a nice brick facade which exudes warmth and friendliness. You get the same feeling when entering. I like that its not too trendy but not too homey. It gives the same kind of feel you would expect in some upscale Italian countryside villa. Maybe those don't exist but if they did they'd look like Mercato.
The menu is pretty small but packed with innovative twists on Italian cuisine. Start off by picking from one of several olive oils for your bread. They're all less than $2 and give a nice change from the typical olive oil dip you get at most Italian places. It's served in a fluted glass which is definitely different as well.
The appetizers were served quickly and were pretty filling. We had arugala stuffed puff pastry and a pasta with calamari, garlic, and spice. The pasta had a bit of kick and was cooked perfectly. I could have used a few more calamari but that was the only imperfection. Our entrees were pan seared scallops with pea risotto and truffle oil and lobster/shrimp pyramid like raviolis in brown butter. Both were outstanding and by the time we had cleaned our plates we were stuffed. 
Desserts blew us away. We had marscapone cheesecake (I don't like cheesecake and it was pretty good) and the best dessert I have ever had in Philadelphia. This dessert just blew me away and my partner had to stop me from licking the ramikan. It was a bittersweet chocolate souffle with a dulce de leche center. I would go back for just that dessert. It was amazing. 
You won't be sorry if you try Mercato. It really is outstanding. Cash only.Visiting Philly for work, wanted some good Italian.  Expectations were exceeded at Mercato!  Cacio e Pepe was delicious and featured a large thin crispy piece of Parmesan to accompany the soft creamy pasta.  Wonderful!  Scallops were perfectly caramelized.  Cheesecake was light and heavenly.  And the service was really attentive.  5 stars!Lives up to the hype. 
Get the Short Rib Ragu (ricotta gnocchi, broccoli rabe, shaved locatelli)
Wasn't crazy about the octopus. I love octopus but this was a little soft and I wasn't feeling it. I think a little my crisp would have completely changed my thoughts.
Next time I'll be ordering the: 
Pappardelle (veal, pork, beef bolognese, rosemary and shaved grana padano).   
 or
Pan Seared Diver Scallops (wild mushroom & english pea risotto, parmesan crisp, truffle oil)
Don't forget they are BYO! 
Especially don't forget your CASH - THEY ARE CASH ONLY.
Listen to the menu... leave your cell phones in your bag!I had the opportunity to dine at Mercato last night. After walking by it many times and hearing about it Iwas excited to finally be going. Much to my dismay, the reality didn't live up to the hype. And while I don't mind cramped quarters and noise, when I pay those prices for food I do expect good service, which I didn't get. There were four of us for dinner and although the food was good, once it was delivered no one ever bothered to come ask how it was. To add insult to injury, we left the waiter a very generous tip (don't know what we were thinking) but did he bother to thank us? Nope! Stood right there silent while we walked out the door.
So while the food is good and it is BYOB, there are too many other restaurants (and waiters) who do appreciate my business for me to bother with this place again. We have only lived here for six months - so many places to experience, but this one we'll cross off the list.I think I would have liked Mercato a whole lot more if there were maybe 2 or 3 less tables in this space.  I really couldn't enjoy my meal due to the tight quarters!
Maybe I have a mild, undiagnosed case of claustrophobia, but whenever I'm in a tiny cramped restaurant like this, I just can't enjoy my meal.  Especially when you need to pick up and move your entire table for the people next to you to get up from their seat.  Especially when its a cold winter evening and people waiting for their reservation are literally standing directly over you while you try to enjoy your $25 plate of pasta.
I totally get that BYOBs need to pack in the guests in order to make up for loss revenue from liquor.  I totally understand.  But I've been to plenty of tiny BYOBs (ahem.. Laurel...) that don't feel the need to sardine-can their guests.
As for the food, it was good but definitely nothing better than any of the other Italian places nearby.  I tried the famous pyramid pasta and I wasn't that impressed.  It was tasty, for sure, but nothing that spectacular.  And the butter was just way too much (I'll touch more on that in a minute...)  I thought it was weird that you had to pay extra for olive oil, but we were just fine with the delicious herbed (and gratis) butter.  We also tried a selection of bruschetta, which was a good value for the serving size.  And we tried the special- a braised pork flatbread, which was my favorite part of the meal.
I had to drop another star because I got sick on the walk home.  Not sure if it was all the butter or maybe something in one of the dishes was bad?  But regardless, I was not a happy camper post-meal and it put a damper on my entire evening.
Mercato has great reviews so maybe this just wasn't the place for me.  I'd suggest maybe visiting on a less busy night or during the summer so you can sit outside?  I don't know- at this price point there are a ton of other BYOBs that I'll be checking out before I come back here.Went here with my husband for Valentine's Day.  The food was excellent. One of the best meals I've had in a while. The service was great too.   Just be aware that the seating is very tight!  I wish they'd get a bigger place!Food is always great! The short rib ragu is a definite winner!! It was a rather warm evening and the kitchen was very smoky - better ventilation will give this review 5 Stars! :)I have mixed feelings about my experience at Mercato. There were some great things going for it, things that they did well in, and then areas they really messed up on. So we'll do this the good, bad, ugly way.
The Good:
BYOB. Really can't complain about this. After having paid $85 for corkage in NY, I was really happy about this.
Easy wait-for-your-table system. Host with an iPad will take your name and phone number and text you when the table is almost ready. Simple and effective.
Short rib ragu. Easily the best dish of the night. Great flavors, great pairing of ingredients, great execution.
$48 4-course tasting menu. You get to pick one item from each of the following: appetizer, pasta, entree, and dessert, which a couple of items having a surcharge. $48 may be a high number for a Philly restaurant (for those not used to NY prices), but the value is amazing. You get four FULL sized courses. It's seriously a lot of food. You don't get limited on what you can choose either. So if two things strike your fancy, you should just get the tasting menu and get the dessert to go (you will be too full to eat dessert).
Antipasti. Great flavors and fresh ingredients. Nice, light way to start off the meal. 
Desserts. Well executed and tasty.
Root vegetable risotto. I have a couple of complaints about this dish that are not limited to this dish only, which I'll illustrate in the "bad" section, but other than those, this dish was not bad. The root vegetables were a great choice and the flavors were nice.
The Bad:
Salmon tartare. Too much creme fraiche and way too much dill. Really over powered the fish. All I could taste is sour, dill and creamy. Presentation was nice though.
Saltiness. Everything was a little on the salty side. I don't know if this is just a Philly palette thing, but it was too much for me. The risotto could've benefited from less salt. Let the natural flavors of the vegetables sing!
Service. The waitstaff is generally nice, which I give credit for. But service was very spotty. There were 10-minute sections where nothing happened at all. I think we waited for our check for like 15 minutes too. There are a lot of tables and it's a tight area, but they should really work out the flow better.
Cash only. Really don't like that about this restaurant... I don't expect to carry $150 of cash on me just to eat a decent dinner. If the restaurant just opened, I can understand that. But Mercato seems pretty established.
Noise. Really really loud. Small dining room space compounded with lots of tables really close together. Half way through dinner I had to half yell to talk. It was like being in a club.
The Ugly:
Menu is overly heavy. Everything on the menu is on the heavy side. I had a hard time coming up with a choice in each category that wasn't heavy. In appetizers, other than the salads, the antipasti was the only light choice. Even the salmon tartare (which was the special of the day) was on the heavier side because of the creme fraiche. All of the pastas had some kind of heavy element in it, be it truffle, sage butter, parmesan cream sauce... etc. Especially with the size of the portions, the heaviness of the meal was just too much.
Crispy skin striped bass. This is probably the worst fish dish I've ever had at this caliber of restaurant. Everything else had few execution problems. But this was just appalling. First the fish was not fresh. And for a striped bass, you can't really get away with not having fresh fish. Compounded to the lack of freshness is the fact that it was severely overcooked. Fish is delicate. Temperature is probably the most important. I'd must rather have a perfectly cooked piece of fish that had no flavoring than a poorly cooked piece with a great sauce. The sauce didn't help it either. The chianti reduction was poorly done - I could still taste the alcohol from the wine. The sauce was way overpowering for something like a striped bass. And the mushrooms and onions drowned - yes, literally they drowned - in the sauce. The artichoke was also a poor choice. It was the marinated kind from the bottle so it was overly sour, which just added to how bad the chianti reduction was. I didn't even try the pancetta crisp, for fear that it'll send me over the edge.
I could've easily overlooked the bad and gave Mercato a higher rating, but there were just some serious mistakes that really made me suffer.3+ stars.  When people stay near Reading Terminal, I almost always recommend they eat here and drink at Tria down the street.  V. good food, almost a can't miss. Small space, tight and crowded.  Sidewalk eating in good weather.  Cash only.Absolutely fantastic. The market salad was the best salad I have ever had and the pumpkin fettucini was seasonal, delicious, and warm. The restaurant was intimate and the service excellent. It was tough as part of a group to sit comfortably, but that's not their fault. 
Would love to go back!We originally planned on going to Kanella Grill and walked by Mercato on a beautiful October Sunday night. It was surprising to see some open tables at this usually packed BYOB.  We continued on to Kanella only to realize they close at 4:00 PM on Sundays so we made an 180º turn and walked back to Mercato.
I had wanted to try Mercato for a while now but I was a little hesitant because of some of the Yelp reviews and how small the place is. We did not have the noise or the close quarters as Mercato was fairly slow on this Sunday evening. The Eagles humbling loss to the Redskins may have been a factor to why Mercato was slow, anyway it was good for us. We chose to eat inside but most of the outside tables were taken so it was busier then it appeared.
We ordered the Minestrone soup, and this was large enough to be shared by the three of us, my wife, my daughter and myself. This Minestrone soup had lentils and kale a little meat and a bit of heat. It was hearty and delicious. We ordered 3 main courses also;'NDUJA & BEEF BOLOGNESE - tagliatelle, calabrese sausage, dry aged beef, tomato, basil, oregano, and whipped ricotta . SPICY CRAB BUCATINI - squid ink pasta, crab, tomato broth, cream, calabrian chilies, and basil. We also ordered the daily fish special. We were very impressed with the presentation, flavors and taste of all three dishes. The Bolognese sauce was outstanding and the dry aged beef was moist and cooked perfectly. The fish dish was also really great with a subtle flavors and a terrific sauce. For me the star of the night was Spicy Crab Bucanti.  This was great and I would order this again in a heart beat. This dish had just the right amount of spiciness without being over powering. For dessert we ordered the chocolate molten cake with homemade gelato. This was more like a soufflé but very, very good nonetheless.
Service was very good all night and our waiter explained everything quite well and was helpful in guiding us with our decisions. Mercato is cash only and they let us know that upon being seated to avoid any surprises. All of the above and one coffee totaled $100.00 or about $35.00 per person. This was with sharing the soup and the dessert. Mercato is slightly on the pricey side, but the food taste and quality was worth it.
4.5 stars, almost 5 except being cash only. I am glad we finally got to Mercato.loveee mercato! been twice and cant wait to go back. the grilled artichoke and the crab appetizer are excellent apps to start with. the pasta is incredible as is the short rib ragu. 
4 stars cause of the space.. it gets REALLY crowded and the waiters move around so fast they were bumping into my chair a bunch! and while i LOVE that the chef and cooks are right in house and its fun to watch.. the heat gets very intense so wear layers! 
def a top five BYOB for me in philly.. the chef won chopped on food network too!! save room for desert here its worth it.. 
-jecarosenoseMy wife and I had our wedding reception here.  All the food was AMAZING, all the guests agreed.  The food and service at this spot is great.
We went back again tonight to reminisce, and the food and service was par for the course for them (great!).  This restaurant is  very loud with chatter, seating is very close to other tables.  Be prepared to be cozy.  
Tonight's meal --The only downside of the meal was my scallops.   I had 3 very large scallops, other plates I saw had 4, though slightly smaller.  This would be totally fine except they were a little overcooked, the pan searing was a little dark.  One was very much more than the others.  My wife had a pumpkin pasta.  Delicious.
In all, very very satisfied with this place, one of the best restaurants we've been to in the city.Wow, I was shocked at how bad this place was. After reading great reviews and hearing good things, my girls and I decided to try it out. We had a reservation since we were a large party and it was before 6:30pm. We ordered come cured meats and cheeses for appetizers and I wasn't impressed. I'm a huge fan of cheeses and I usually like most of the ones I try, however none of the 5 we ordered were that wonderful. The goat's milk cheese looked like fungus and tasted like feet (don't order it). The cured meats were pretty good. I ordered the shrimp and lobster pasta, thinking it would be pasta with shrimp and lobster. It wasn't. Bad menu description! It was large ravioli type pasta with pieces of lobster and shrimp inside with some sort of cheese. The buttery sauce was good, but the actually inside tasted sour as if the cheese had gone bad (I don't think it did, but that was the taste). My friend got the same thing and agreed. A fellow diner ordered the gnocci ragu and said it was flavorless and had to add A LOT of salt. I tried the risotto from another friend who ordered the scallops and I wasn't a fan, although she seemed happy. We were there for about 2 hours and the place only had 2 other tables when we left (8:30pm but it was a Wednesday). Overall, I know there are way better italian places in the city and I would not recommend this one, it's not worth the wait, especially since they don't take reservations!LOVE this restaurant.  Best BYO we have ever found.  This is our go-to restaurant for a consistently perfect meal.
We love the pumpkin ravioli and the short rib ragu.  Incredible cheese plate for an appetizer.  Also, the brussel sprouts (what? brussel sprouts?) are so incredible as a side dish.  So great that we are now believers in brussel sprouts.
Dessert is good too...if you have the room.  
You can feel the energy of the kitchen since the restaurant is so small. Definitely expect a wait on the weekend, but they will take your cell phone number and allow you to have a drink across the street at Valanni.Decent Italian byob - really small inside though, feels like your dining with the people on each side of you. Don't go here with a group.  Food's good, don't remember anything spectacular.We had a fantastic dinner at Mercato. Everything was expertly prepared and served. We started with the octopus salad and a grilled artichoke - both were excellent. The heart of the artichoke was particularly delicious - creamy and tender. The crispy bass entree was very good, and a side of brussels sprouts with bacon was amazing. Pappardelle (pasta) was  fantastic. Truly an excellent restaurant, one of the best we've eaten at.This place was amazing. The service was great, it was 8 of us and my daughter came along also. She didn't like the things on the menu so they were more than happy to whip her up some plain pasta with meatballs. She was truly happy with her dish! I ordered mussels for an appetizer my friend ordered the carpaccio which was the only dish we didn't enjoy the meat was seared some before it was sliced and I have never had carpaccio cooked that much. All of our other dishes were phenomenal I ordered the short rib ragu and quite a few people got the ravioli everyone was super pleased!!!I'm giving them 3 stars because of the service. The food was 5 stars for sure! All the pastas were amazing, especially the short rib gnocchi. The service however was bad. We had a party of 4 for a birthday dinner. The restaurant was empty when we arrived, and there were empty tables the whole time we were there. But for some reason they were rushing us out the door. 2 people came over multiple times asking if we were finished. Then right after we ordered dessert they brought the check and kept checking to see if we paid yet. I would understand if people were waiting but there were open tables and no one waiting! Not the kind of service I want anywhere. I would go back only for the food but the service makes me want to never suggest this place, especially if you want a relaxing meal with friends.