Super authentic hole-in-the-wall breakfast place with a Latin vibe. The music is literally just a Sonos speaker plugged into the wall.. very casual and everyone is very friendly. As for the food, the eggs are probably the best I've had. They prepare them secretly that you have to find out for yourself by visiting. 
Chill vibe, good company, and reasonable pricing. Over all a great place to visit for Sunday brunch.I thoroughly enjoyed my Surfer Sandwich.  You can probably tell from the massive shark bite in my sandwich.  It was very tasty.  They ran out of ciabatta bread so they put it on a sub roll.  Most restaurants would have put the pre- portioned turkey on the sub roll and it would have been all bread and no meat...but not Middle Child!  They put enough turkey and fix-ins to fill the entire sub!  That's what I'm talking about!  I highly recommend!I've visited Middle Child on two occasions and both times I left quite happy with my experience.  The food is great and the staff is outgoing and friendly.Slowly and delightfully making my through their whole menu. As a self-proclaimed "sandwich guy" there are a few baseline requirements to win my full support: excellent bread (yes); sound construction (definitely; these guys hand craft with LOVE); and excellent/unexpected condiment enhancements (hoison? miso? masala jam? yup.).
This is a great spot to grab breakfast or lunch- would highly recommend the So Long Sal, which tastes exactly like an italian sub should but has some fun twists; the Surfer; and the Pho-gie. They're also really quick with a helpful suggestion if the options are just too much to handle.Middle Child has a cozy, authentic feel with quality food at a great price. Definitely recommend.Food is really well done, obviously they care about quality. There's enough new Orleans stuff in here to warrant something a little southern. My pitch: a beignets with cream cheese icing instead of powdered sugar. You call it the Beign Franklin.  So happy this place is doing well. Will be back.Awesome place for a quick breakfast. They had some clear cut vegan options which is awesome. I got the Phogie and it was awesome. The chef? Gave the people I was with some toast with local cheese and blueberry spread and they said that was bomb.com. Better cheap as much menu items are below $10. Great spot and very friendly staff. I'm from Boston so I'll be dreaming about the Phogie for awhile...Just discovered this place on my last day at Jefferson. Amazingly delicious food plus great ambiance and the sweetest people you could ever hope to meet.Great spot, it really is, and I say this as a middle child. I was freezing and wanted something warm and boom, there I was with an excellent Reuben with special "sawce." As that brand new grill gets broken in, these will only get better...Their Vegan sandwich is delicious.I never tested sandwich this good.Though give them 4 star because of hardness of the bread.It was super crunch for me.It destroyed the roof of my mouth.Visiting Philadelphia and stopped in to Middle Child for breakfast.  Besides looking inviting on the outside with big picture windows and a clever name, I stepped inside and was transported back to a neighborhood meeting place with an updated soda shop vibe.  Great music and friendly people.  After checking out the shelves filled with great food products I ordered a breakfast sandwich with egg, sausage, cheese and arugula on potato bread.  It was the best I ever had!!!  I cannot wait to go back for lunch!The food here is amazing. I tried three different sandwiches, the so long sal, the surfer, and a brisket special and they were all amazing. Very cool neighborhood spot with friendly staff, this will definitely be a regular stop for me. Also the sandwiches are built really well and the bread is perfect.Friendly staff. Great food. I wish there were more options. Been there a few times and I wish I could try more stuff.Love the name. Love the staff. Looooove the food! Everything about this place is spot on. The sandwiches are FANtastic. Can't say more good things. You should go.This place was not what I expected and that is not in a negative way. I was expecting table service but here you just place your order at the cashier from a menu on a wall. Really a simplified process and I like it. Now the food was good. I ordered the scrambled egg combo with hash brown square, potato toast, and bacon. Food was amazing and the eggs were about 3 eggs. The place is real clean and I like the brightness as it helped wake me up. Staff was very friendly so if your in Philly check this place out.Great little diner. Went in before an early flight and got the breakfast platter with smoked sausage. The eggs and sausage were delicious and the toast was perfectly browned. Very well priced with good coffee as well.Great find for breakfast. Friendly staff. Food and coffee excellent. Neighborhood gem. Definitely a locals vibe. Keep the secret!This tiny restaurant is an awesome spot near Midtown Village section of Philadelphia! I decided to go here for lunch before a suit fitting in the city. The place has almost a corner store type feel in the city, and it very dineresque. The staff here is very friendly and willing to make you feel important here. I decided to get The Surfer as my sandwich of choice since that sounded the most appealing. The sandwich had big pieces of turkey in it, and the blueberry-masala jam was sweet and tart. It was an excellent sandwich in my opinion! Awesome small spot close to Center City if you are in the mood for a good sandwich!Great place to have a delicious breakfast/brunch/lunch.  Food is cooked to order and comes to your table hot.  Everything is fresh  -- food is interesting, but not crazy, so there is something for everyone.  We arrived at 11 AM which means we did not have to wait for a table, but we would have gladly waited for this place.  Staff is very friendly and clearly cares about the patrons.  Don't miss this gemI got the Breakfast Sandwich and I'd say that it was okay, not mind-blowing but a good comfort dish with high quality potato toast. I definitely appreciate the made to order experience even though it's a little bit of a wait but the place wasn't crowded for a Sunday lunch and the seating area is open with lots of natural light. Next time I'd definitely like to try the specialty sandwiches!I really like this spot a lot for grabbing a quick sandwich and coffee for breakfast. It's got a very modern and clean sort of appearance. There are a couple tables to sit down at, as well as a bar area with plenty of outlets. 
Elixr coffee and delicious sandwiches. They also have a breakfast platter if you're just looking to get a few eggs, hash browns, and meat. 
Awesome service, everyone working there today was so friendly and accommodating.Ho boy. We were in town for two days and came here on a whim on the 4th of July. It was tiny, packed, and it smelled like warm bread and cheese... a.k.a "heaven." We ordered our sandwiches and sort of split them amongst everyone so we could try a bunch. Without a doubt everyone loved the Phoagie, their vegan offering, and the Surfer. On their website they let you know that their ciabatta takes two days to make and seeing as we got the last one on the holiday, I treasured it like the piece of bread-gold that it was. 
TLDR; visited Philly for two days, came back before leaving on the second day for a breakfast sandwich it was *that* good.My new go to lunch place. Four of us shared 4 different sandwiches and each one was amazing. We couldn't pick a favorite because each was so good. We had the Phogie (veg option), the turkey Reuben, a turkey club type sandwich, and the blintz sandwich. We ended with a slice of Oreo cheesecake. Wow! Cute retro decor, friendly service, worthy of 5 stars.This place was a quaint local eatery located in Philly. In the mood for a good breakfast, this place hit the spot just right. I recommend walking here if possible or enjoy the wrath of attempting to find parking in the city. Menu is small but mighty here. The coffee is also fantastic. Upon arrival, my boyfriend and I were immediately greeted and order taken. This place is a first come, first served as far as seating goes. It's a simple breakfast but taste delicious. Prices are reasonable and they also have a selection of pastries you can choose from. Food was brought out quickly and was the perfect temperature with great flavor. If you're looking for good food, good service, and good experience, I recommend coming here and checking it out. Compared to some of Philly's local eateries, you won't be disappointed with the overall customer service!!Very nice little spot for brunch or lunch. The menu is a little small but everything they offer is very good. I had the phogie which was the eggplant sandwich and it was delicious and really interesting. My friends had the egg sandwich and the Reuben sandwich and both looked very good. Cozy little place that's great for a rainy day brunch. The place is a little small so get there early for a tableGreat addition the neighbor.  Comfort food at it's best as you can tell from the smile on my daughter's face with here grilled cheese.  Very good vegan tomato bisque and a perfect place for a quick stop with kids or when you do not feel like cooking!I got the reuben sandwich with corned beef. It was flavorful and yummy. However, it left the roof of my mouth sore, so be aware of the bread. For one sandwich, it was a bit pricey. A side would have been nice. All in all, I really enjoyed the sandwich, but I will definitely try something else next time.Wanted to go to Green Eggs but line was too long.    This place is the BOMB if you care about your food.    Everything made to order, fresh and VERY tasty!    These guys here really care about making sure you get the best food in a friendly atmosphere.   You will not be disappointed!     Just a heads up...no eggs after Noon.Casual atmosphere with amazing sandwiches. I got the surfer and it was incredible - perfect balance of every ingredient. Every bite was interesting and complex! Guys who work there were super friendly and made us feel comfortable - would recommend to anyone looking for a quick bite.I read all the reviews and wanted to see what the hype was about. To be honest I wasn't that impressed. I came on a weekday morning and it took forever to get my food. I ordered egg cheese and bacon on bread and it was so expensive so I was expecting a big portion and it was literally just a slice of toast with an egg and cheese which I could have made at home. This place is definitely expensive and I tried their homemade lemonade tea thing and it was okay. Not really a fan for the price.This place has the coolest Sunday morning vibe in Philly!  The guys who work here and own the place are super relaxed and welcoming.  The food is really creative, simple but special.  Scrambled eggs with cheese like a Parisian soufflé, made on the induction burners while you wait... top shelf ingredients across the board... way to go!Great spot. Really fresh, well thought out menu. Something for everybody. Great service.I got the Blintz Toast and it was quite unique. The cheese balanced the masala jam quite well. The 4 stars is because the bread was a little burnt and it kinda gave the whole dish a dry consistency. I can't wait to come back and try the other dishes. The staff was also very friendly and efficient, but I waited about 15 minutes for the toast.Awesome spot for breakfast and lunch - highly recommend the "Phogie". Philly themed and the feels of your classic neighborhood joint.Literally just had the best breakfast sandwich I think ever in life. Will deff be back !Fell in love with this Middle Child.  Shared an assortment of sandwiches with friends, including the short rib beef Ruben, turkey ruben, egg sandwich and most importantly the Phogie, a vegan concoction with the perfect amount of spicy kick.  Perfect for platters and parties.  I'm all in.Solid Cobb salad with kale and arugula topped with fresh bacon strips. Love the old diner vibe with Wu-Tang playing in the background. Definitely coming back to check out the sandwiches, they seem to be what Middle Child is known for.This was a fun place. The guys behind the counter were dancing and greeting everyone coming in, and the decor is quirky. You pay at the counter but they bring you the food and check on you like at a more formal sit-down place. You bus your own plates though.
The Phoagie was incredible and the portion was bigger than I was expecting too. Try it.Came here because the Green Egg was so crowded. This is perfect! Small and delicious. Just a few perfect choices. Hot or cold coffee. Just a simple and perfect breakfast with friendly chefs.This is a wonderful small and simple brunch/lunch restaurant. There is a bar with seating for 6 people, another bar with seating for 3, and 4 small tables. There is an open kitchen and everything is very clean. It's almost like a tiny diner. The menu is simple but covers the basics - breakfast platter, breakfast sandwich, lox bagel, yogurt and granola, sandwiches, salads, etc.
We came on a Sunday at 11:15am and were able to immediately get a seat. I had the yogurt and granola and a cold brew coffee. Both were very good. The yogurt had masala (Indian spices) in it which made it unique and interesting. My boyfriend had an egg sandwich that was delicious, although it took about 15 minutes to make. The music was cool too - lots of Weezer and rock tunes!
This place is cute and perfect for a quick breakfast bite. Will come here again!This is my new favorite lunch spot.  Great,  not typical,  sandwiches! The BLT was soooooo good!Friendly service, fresh and tasty food. Yum! I loved the breakfast sandwich  the eggs were so fluffy - definitely add hash browns.Get the Shopsin sandwich- AMAZING. Best sandwich I've had in a while and the guys cooking are super friendlyMy hubby's favorite new sandwich shop. And now it is for me too because they offer a very nice gluten free bread. I really enjoyed the surfer - great combo!  Cannot say enough good things about the staff - super sweet and friendly!This place is cool. Nice people working behind the counter. I think the reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it definitely was more expensive than I thought it would be with only one dollar sign. I ordered a Reuben that cost $9.45 before chips and a drink.it was good, but it was small and I was still hungry after. There are too many other places to get a sizable meal for the same price, if not less.Stumbled across Middle Child for a quick breakfast! Super unassuming cafe in CC. Serves Elixir coffee, breakfast plates and unique sandwiches in a minimalist diner with an open kitchen and countertop seating. The owner, Matt, was awesome - he introduced himself to us, asked where we lived in the neighborhood and made us excited to become regulars! Now for the food - MY GOODNESS. I made the decision to get the breakfast plate, with scrambled eggs, honey oat toast & hash browns. My boyfriend ordered the turkey deli special (with a bowl of cream of tomato) which was house made turkey, curry mayo, Orange juice soaked yellow raisins, pickled red onions, arugula and mint on honey oat bread. IT WAS INSANE. Every bite was exciting and I never wanted it to end. I am so excited to work my way through the menu! Definitely one of Philly's top spots.Excellent breakfast. Fluffy scrambled eggs, crisp beacon, fresh coffee. In addition they have super tasty gluten free toast, a rarity, I have Celiac. You order at the counter and take a seat and they serve you. Good service, free coffee refills, and a very reasonable price. Highly recommend.I had the Standard Platter with some cold fresh OJ. It was soooo good. some bacon, some fluffy eggs, arugula with hash browns (so sweet, wow) and the honey oat bread it was a perfect breakfast  
Great food, friendly and cute staff. Y'all know this spot offers the best breakfast in Philadelphia? It's true don't miss out.
YumNice little cafe to grab a sandwich, a solid cup of coffee, and some good folk-style tunes. Phoagie was a tasty vegan option with a hint of sweetness.Rad sandwich spot with great breakfast and lunch. Cool and happy vibes, perfect to get a good start to your morning or for a solid break at lunch. Try the Reuben or the phoagie!Chef Matthew and crew have a gold mine in center city. Walking distance from the historic district - we found this small take out / sit down place. The food is great, the portions are just right, and music is perfect. Clean and bright, all the basics met, right?
Then I tried the grilled cheese. AMAZING. The everything bagel? As though I was in the lower east side of NYC. The breakfast platter, super fresh. Get the hash browns. So good. 
Everything is made to order, so you might have to wait a few minutes. Deal with it! 
My kids wanted to suggest - waffles, chef. And in my humble opinion, throw some tomato and fried onions on that "kids" grilled cheese to make it a "big boy" style.
Can't want to go back. See the photos!Very excellent, friendly service, and even better food! Had the breakfast sandwich and it's incredible, person I was with had the standard platter and we devoured our breakfasts. Will come back again!This place is the JAWN. Perfect affordable & convenient breakfast/lunch spot with a cool look and quality soundtrack.
We got the Breakfast Sando and The Surfer and then split the Blintz Toast... all were A+. The eggs on the Breakfast Sando were fluffy and the potato bread was delicious and perfectly toasted. Would highly recommend The Surfer - great classic turkey sandwich put over the top by that blueberry-masala jam. The jam was so good we doubled up and got the Blintz Toast; the combo with the cheese was on-point.
Spread the word... this should be one of your go-to morning/afternoon spots!Heard all the buzz about this place so decided to check it out. It was well worth it.
Super friendly experience. Greeted by the guys behind the counter as soon as I walked in. They clearly give a poo about the customer as much as the food/ratings.
Had the turkey ruben which was delicious. There were quite a few other options I wanted to check out. Some limited outdoor seating too, which is cool. 
A bit of a cross between a sandwich counter and diner, and they do it well. Will be back.So excited about this place opening up! Have had the turkey sandwich with house-made masala jam and the Phogie, both of which were amazing! The Phogie is truly a marvelous feat... they figured out how to turn a soup into a sandwich!!! I dream about the crispy onions with the eggplant, cilantro and fresh lime juice. A must try - no excuse not to because its vegan! (fine, maybe you can't eat it if you're gluten free...)
Love the ambiance. The decor has a minimal aesthetic with lots oh Philly charm. The old school jams also set the tone for a relaxed-but-still-with-it-vibe. Will definitely be venturing to the Gayborhood more frequently just to swing by this shop!! Also enjoy that you can pick up some eclectic snacks while you're there to enjoy with your meal. Can't wait to try some other food options on the menu!This is cute place in central Philly has a very vintage diner feel. You walk in and immediately see a small display of unusual food item for sale. There is also a counter where you can order your food or sit at and you can look right into the kitchen. There is limited amount of seating since it is such a small place but that just adds to its character. This place is also new but is clearly going to become a neighborhood favorite for locals as well as visitors. If I lived closer I would make it my daily routine to go here for one of their delicious breakfast sandwiches everyday. The service is quick and everyone is so so friendly. The Middle Child is classic but unique and definitely one of a kind.Food was great. The service was too. Nice ambiance. Phogie was everything I hoped it would be and more.I eat at Middle Child multiple times a week. The staff are super friendly and will recognize and welcome you by name if you come regularly. I have been eating my way through the menu and everything has been delicious. I usually get the Phoagie which really tastes like a bowl of pho turned into a sandwich. This is a great neighborhood spot with a constant stream of regulars.Super delicious sandwich spot around the Jefferson hospital. They make everything fresh to order, so it takes a while. But totally worth it to chill in line, and then picnic outside. I ordered a hoisin eggplant sandwich and the bread was baked/toasted to perfection while the sandwich was exploding with flavor. Highly recommend!
They also have fun kitchen knick knacks and cook books that are great to browse while waiting and get a whimsical gift for a friendI went in yesterday with my fiance and we had the Phogie and Ruben; both were delicious! The phogie comes on a wonderful sesame seed roll and is an excellent blend of flavors with the perfect amount of spice to it. I don't usually go for vegan options but I would 10/10 get this again. The Ruben was served hot on some toasty buttery rye bread and was one of the best I've had in Philadelphia. The russian dressing wasn't too sweet and the ratio of corned beef to sauerkraut was on point! 
We sat at the counter and had a great time talking to the chef and sampling the fresh baked goods. We are so excited to have a go to sandwich shop in the neighborhood and are looking forward to coming back for breakfast!Amazing sandwiches on delicious bread. The Shopsin Club is the best club sandwich I've ever had. Great pickles! 
Simple menu, counter service, limited seating but it's a sandwich shop so people aren't staying forever and seats come up quickly. 
Warm and friendly service and very cool space.  
100% recommend for breakfast and lunch.The Phoagie was amazing! Inventive banh mi at its best. The grilled cheese was awesome as well. Service, so kind and patient. This is a must visit place!!I just discovered this gem. Vegetarian and vegan friendly. The staff was super nice and well informed about menu items. There was steady traffic both eating in and take out.
I had the Greek salad sandwich, which had amazing pickled vegetables and delightfully spiced delicata squash. All the ingredients were fresh and the bread was excellent. I will definitely be back to sample the rest of their menu.Called in for the breakfast sandwich and was ready as I walked in and sat down and was offered coffee .  Coffee was a healthy blend and that damn sandwich is my favorite breakfast sandwich of all time.  It's perfect!! Keep it up guys!!This is one of my favorite new spots for lunch in Philly. If you're a vegetarian (or even if you aren't!) The phoagie is amazing. The staff are also super personable and fun. Highly recommend!Killer breakfast sandwich, great coffee, and great staff. They talked us through our order and we're spot on with what we were looking for.Finally, it's finally refreshing to have a non-generic sandwich shop around work!
Must get: phoagie, ham I am
Meh: so long sal
Missed out; all other sandwiches
If you're looking for something new, Middle Child's got you covered. They are known for their phoagie, a hipster twist on a Vietnamese staple banh mi with a hoagie. That being said, I wished there was more eggplant to sauce ratio as the creamy texture robbed this potentially healthy sandwich of any life-prolonging benefits. That being said, if you're looking for some delicious coronary clogging goodness, look no further than the ham-i-am. This is a deliciously hyper-buttered sandwich that is light on volume, but heavy on calories. I really enjoyed the texture and taste contrast between the ham and the apple, but this is a sandwich that deserves a full workup before and after.
Overall, this was a fun little joint and recommend stopping by if you're not busy.
Food; 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 starsBEST SANDWICH PLACE EVERRRRRRR
I am completely udderly obsessed with the So Long Sal sandwich. I've had dreams about this sandwich. The artichoke spread and house dressing makes this sandwich sing. I highly recommend if you're in the mood for an amped up Italian sandwich. 
Staff was super friendly and talkative and let me know if I needed any help. I even ordered a semi-custom sandwich and they subbed out all of my requests with no complaints - in fact with a smile. 
I drove around the block for about 10 min to find a parking spot and damn am I happy I did. There is a parking garage right on 11th too. So worth the wait!!I stayed at Jefferson Hospital with my boyfriend who hates hospital food, I wanted something other than your food trucks on the corner so I looked at my location in my map and came across MC what a nice surprise.. The staff was excellent and the food was sooooo tasty. I'm really a hard critic and I had to take the time to say they are FANTASTIC !!!Son of a...
I've lived in Philadelphia for about 4 years and just found this gem of a place...and of course I am moving out of the city tomorrow. The sandwich was on point and the workers are cool.i ate phoagie sandwich. it was very good~! especially, bread  was very crispy like crunchy! i love it! but eggplant so cold.....Loved this unassuming place! The staff are super friendly - not just in a good-customer-service way, but in an I-want-to-be-your-friend way. We ordered the two sandwiches, the Surfer & Court Street's Reuben, that were recommended to us and were not disappointed. There was a very generous stuff to bread ratio in each of the sandwiches, the bread was perfectly crispy, and the flavors were on point. The space is very cute, with small tables and high-top bar seating to choose from. Will definitely be back for quick brunches!Great casual breakfast/brunch addition to the area. Especially enjoyed the Phoagie - great blend of savory and crisp flavors and textures. Wife enjoyed the B-fast sando - will definitely add some sausage and avocado to take it to the next level. Salad was refreshing and crisp. Will  be heading back to try the rest of the selections for sure.
Mama's jewish apple cake was definitely the right way to finish off brunch--recommend it.Amazing sandwiches and soups!
Fresh, creative sandwiches filled with so much flavor and love.
I've tried the Hershel Waker(3 times) filled with homemade corned beef, eggs cheese and yummy toasted rye.
I've also had the Phoegie which is a signature sandwich similar Vietnamese Ban mi sandwiches but a little different featuring instead eggplant and cilantro and so many yummy vegetables. Just a mouth implosion of flavor it's nuts. A must try!
GF tried the Shopsin Club which was also super fresh turkey and super yummy.
Today I tried the celery soup with an olive oil drizzle and previously I've had the tomato soup with the same drizzle, both super fresh, touch of cream and tasty.
They serve good coffee from Elixir Roasters and also have other beverages.
I can't wait to try all their other sandwich concoctions ASAP.AMAZING sandwiches! They put a nice little spin on classics - reubens, Italians, breakfast sandwiches - all of which are perfectly executed. Very friendly staff and a bright and cheery atmosphere inside. MUST TRY!It's simple. 
Sometimes you just want a meal made simply and deliciously with no frills. The presentation here is a cherry on top. I had the basic breakfast with toast, arugula, eggs, and potatoes. Just perfect. I'd not have changed a thing about it. The eggs were so fluffy, the potatoes were soft and tasty. The portion size was perfect, and not wasteful. The price was right. 
Beautiful space and yummy food! I'd highly recommend.First rate in every way. Have a GF friend . She had the homemade lox. Said the GF bread was super good. I had the Hershel Walker , homemade short rib corned beef, fluffy eggs, Cooper sharp. My wife had the standard breakfast. Sausage toast eggs. Every thing was great. Coffee was super! Was just reviewed in the Inquire . Owner was great so was everyone and everything. Great quality and value. I can't wait to go back.Really fun little breakfast/sandwich shop in Wash West. Creative menu helps break up the monotony of the Primo/Jimmy Johns in the area. I tried the "Surfer", which was a nice take on a turkey and swiss with arugula and a blueberry mostardo. As a bonus they have Zapp's chips, which are just about the best in the game. Super friendly staff and cool retro vibe. Love supporting small businesses like this and will definitely be back.Had a late lunch and read about Phogie and being a bit of a foodie and it had amazing flavors .  I thought at some point inside of sandwich should be warm I just couldn't tell. Unique and delicious just felt confused.  Additionally just went for breakfast sandwich and was perfect.. reason for increasing to 5 stars . I was recommended to upgrade to sausage and it was awesome.. nice job .. love the personality Of the people and the simplicity of menu.  Trust a cook to feed you and they are cooks .Came here for breakfast sandwiches but was unable to due to a cut off time. Got the court street reuben with bacon and avocados--delicious! Meat was very flavorful, avocado was fresh and bacon was crispy and rye was toasted to perfection. It tends to get very busy and crowded and wait time for your food to be ready was around 30-60mins.Best place near Jefferson to get great food while having to wait while buddy has surgery! Found this place last visit. Had their Pho hoagie which was to die for. Also the breakfast corned beef with eggs was another winner. Today the breakfast sandwich was quite tasty. Coffee was great, too. Reminds me of the old fashioned luncheonette. Friendly & pleasant!!So glad I got to check this place out. I went for lunch around noon and was surprised by the small size of the place but there were plenty of seats so not a problem at all. 
The service was super friendly and fun. I'm not sure if it's the most efficient thing in the world but give there was only two people working I guess they do have to do a bit of everything. We only had to wait a minute or two for the staff to plate and serve food until they got to us to take our order. 
I got a cobb salad and it was AMAZING. Perfect portion and you could just tell how fresh everything was. I can't wait to come back and try a sandwich as they all sound delish as well. 
Great spot!I came here today for lunch and was very impressed! I am vegetarian and really wanted an Italian type hoagie without meat. The staff was so helpful and made me a special sweet potato hoagie that was delicious! My husband got the turkey club and he loved it (especially the mayo that came on it). I also have celiac disease and the gluten free bread was very good and the hoagie was made in a separate area. We cannot wait to come back!In a city known for sandwiches, Middle Child stands out, serving perfectly-crafted sandwiches at reasonable prices. The staff is friendly and the space is bright and welcoming. You order at the counter and can grab any open table. Highly recommend the Ham-I-Am.Hands down best sandwich i've had in a while. We had this catered to my work, but it is definitely worth venturing into the city to eat at for breakfast or lunch sometime soon! Sandwiches and salads were fresh and the ingredients of each sandwich was amazing.So listen up, oldest child here talking (aka the bossy one) here to let you know I whole heartedly approve of the Middle Child (but only in the restaurant form, IRL they are annoying). 
This little joint is adorbs. Cozy, open and great food. I'm So happy I stopped in to see for myself what the buzz is all about. 
Ordered my food and got myself a cup of Moroccan fresh mint tea.  I do love me some mint tea and this one means business. Full of real mint leaves! Simple syrup on the side, piping hot hit the spot. (Look at me Rhyming). 
I had the Reuben, which was magnificent. Staff is super friendly and I loved the soundtrack with a little "Back to Life" Soul 2 Soul retro tunes in the background
Nicely done, Middle Child, but stay outta my closet. You still can't borrow my sweater.This place is absolutely fantastic in every way. Staff is super friendly and have a genuine passion for the restaurant and the food is so good!
You really can't go wrong with anything from the menu, but my personal favorites are the Reuben, breakfast sandwich, and the lox bagel (wow!!).
Tip -- when you're placing your order don't skip out on the beverages often sitting in the jars right next to the cash register, they are so good. Also they sell sweet and sour pickles for $1 which are an must do as well.
Love this place and would highly recommend if you are even remotely in the area for breakfast or lunch. Do it, you'll be glad you did.I could eat breakfast here every day for the rest of my life and be happy!! Everything down to their condiments are made in house and goodness is it delicious! I ordered the Hershel Waker (shortrib corned beef, scrambled eggs, and cooper sharp on rye) and orange juice. They had a clementine hot sauce and pickled spicy peppers which I threw on my sandwich as well. Just the perfect amount of heat, sweetness, and pickled taste. When I come to visit, I'll definitely be coming back. Heck, I may come back tomorrow!At first I balked at the idea of spending $11 for a sandwich, but this place was highly recommended by local friends. I stopped by here for lunch and ordered the Shopsin Club, and it is simply amazing. The store is a small shop with a counter and a few tables, and the cashier warmly greets you when you enter. The menu fills the wall behind you and is made with individual letter pins. The sandwich itself is perfect in every way -- crisp toasted ciabatta bread, thick sliced turkey, avocado, bacon, mayo, pickles. I contemplated leaving out the pickles, but was glad I kept it as is as it really goes well with the rest of the sandwich. Everything is lovingly made to order and carefully wrapped in paper and sliced.Warning: everything here is extremely yummy. Highly recommend the egg sandwiches and the hash browns. Great lunch sandwiches too. Really nice staff as well. Can get busy though on the weekends. Also, I'm a middle child and so I'm a little biasedOne of the best places in Center City! The owner is dope and if you're lucky enough to have Mochi take your order, you're a blessed individual. The rest of the kitchen cast are just as friendly and welcoming! 
Food is just as good. I'm ethnically Vietnamese and I must say the phoagie is true to our flavors! I also really enjoy their reuben. I've gotten a number of things from their menu and although all are delicious, these two stick out the most. 
Come one, come all! As a student at Jeff this place serves as a perfect lunch break.Very cute interior and the general area is very nice! The staff were super friendly and helpful and our food was delicious! I had the standard platter and English breakfast tea, definitely coming back here!Two friends of mine who I consider to be very hip and very "in the know" post delicious sandwiches from Middle Child regularly. My husband and I were in Philly overnight and prioritized a stop here for lunch. It was unbelievable. He had the Shopsin club and I had the veggie version of the Yo Sal, Bye Felicia. I am dreaming about that bread and cauliflower now. It is not spacious and you do have to wait for take out, but it's no big deal and way worth it.Love the breakfast sandwiches here.  It's nice to have a new place with great coffee, food, and environment that I can work in. Harder to come by than one might think.Yessss. The world needs more places like Middle Child. Amiable staff. Good music. Nice ambiance. And most importantly Great Food! I had the breakfast sandwich and am looking forward to coming back for lunch because I can tell it's one of those places that does everything on there menu very well. Definitely coming back soon. Always like supporting businesses like these.We split the Reuben and Phoagie... both were super fresh and amazing!
The staff (and owner) were fantastic and made the whole experience awesome. We loved sitting at the bar and watching the kitchen work, while listening to some great music. 
Highly recommend this place!!Best place in center city to get a sandwich. Hands. Down.  The shopsin is my favorite and definite worth every pennyIf I could give 100 stars I would. Hands down best sandwiches in Philly. Everything is out of this world - food, service, decor, pickles. Heaven.Middle child is excellent. Let's start this review with that obvious note. 
I've been here twice and grabbed the Herschel Waker and will highly recommend it to you as your breakfast sandwich. It has corned beef, fluffy eggs, and cooper cheese on buttery, toasted rye bread. Rye bread was the perfect choice to compliment the other ingredients here because of its sturdiness and taste. The sandwich turns out nice and cheesy and the corned beef is just the right amount of salty. 
I didn't dine here however I will say that stepping through those doors into Middle Child is a transportation to a very trippy world. Everything from the cooks' attitudes, their apparel, the trippy music they play (Ghost Town by The Specials), the layout of the diner, and the selection of items they have for sale in their pantry make for a fun 1950s America vibe. Your meals here will not just be satisfying your stomach but will culminate in a whole experience.
I was here on a Saturday and a Sunday morning around 8 a.m. both times and I was quite impressed by the lack of people there. This gives it the vibe of a local hideaway. I live by Rittenhouse Square and the lack of people is a very nice contrast to what I see at Spread Bagelry for example. By 8:30 a.m. on the weekend at Spread there will be lines out the door for mediocre bagels. In Middle Child I found my new Sunday breakfast place after a hospital night shift. Be sure to take a look at the photos I included with my review as I feel they capture the trippy 1950s essence of Middle Child.If the name doesn't sell you on the place, let their small but carefully curated and delicious menu do that instead. There's more indoor seating than you would think just walking by. The staff is funny and courteous, and the decor is kitschy cool. We like the El Salador. They also do a Jeff/Penn discount for coffee, always appreciated!Really enjoyed the food and the friendly atmosphere that Ben brought to the counter. We stopped in for a breakfast meeting, I had the lox bagel which was fantastic. The others had the breakfast sandwich which looked wonderful. I can't wait to stop in again and try the rest of the menu.Great breakfast!  The smoked sausage alone was worth the trip. Great service. Highly recommend.BEST EGGS IVE EVER HAD OUTSIDE OF MY OWN KITCHEN
We've been passing this place for a while now, and made sure to get there for their opening! I got the breakfast sandwich with bacon and the gf got a breakfast bowl called 'the standard.' I was blown away by this sandwich - perfectly toasted bread, AMAZING eggs, and the bacon was incredible. The Standard was apparently equally impressive.
Outside of the food, the guys working were super nice and clearly excited about the place. The place has this great post-modernism vibe with a 21st century twist - wall of foods with great classic labels, oldies playing over the speakers, tiled floor and diner aesthetic.
Definitely a new breakfast gem in Wash West - absolutely recommendedYum!! This is perfect.  The Breakfast Sandwich hit the spot!! Bacon cooked perfectly and I love the arugula. Great music and really nice guys. Thanks for a yummy breakfast!!!!That might be the best breakfast sandwich in the world ..... wow!!!
Bread is delicious, cheese is great (almost like a sharper white American), the eggs are fluffy and the avocado is super fresh. I don't care for arugula, but that is just my personal preference.
People are lovely.
Definitely check this place out. 
You won't regret it.Really good sandwiches, fresh and tasty. But you were out of everything except Hague rolls, plan bread usage better!Great breakfast sandwiches. The ambience and staff are very friendly. Place is a little gem in the city!! Matt the owner does a great job here!!!Middle Child is a breakfast/lunch spot that is going to be a regular part of my lunch rotation, even though it's about a mile walk from my job. It's like a small old school diner, but with a smaller menu. The Court Street's Reuben is by far the best corned beef sandwich I've ever tasted. And the So Long Sal is my new favorite Italian hoagie in a city full of good Italian hoagies. The breakfast sandwiches look delicious, so a breakfast sandwich is next on my list.
The staff is really friendly as well. The kitchen staff clearly takes pride in their work. Philadelphia has another 5 star lunch spot!Probably hands down the best place in Philadelphia for breakfast! Fluffy eggs, great bread, amazing hash browns, delicious cold brew, and creative combinations (grilled cheese sandwich grilled using everything bagel seasoning!!!). You can easily get a great meal here for $10!
The ambiance is warm and welcoming, with all the food made to order, waiting for your hot and fresh food is a welcomed escape in your day!Delicious sandwiches, a fine balance of flavors,  friendly staff and good bluesy music! A great introduction to Philadelphia!Nice Guys, pleasant atmosphere and delicious food. With the stroll over from Penn Station.Visited this restaurant around 1pm on a St Patty's day Saturday,  line out of the door, food was worth the wait.  I ordered the Hershel Waker, great breakfast sandwich.  Next time I want to try the corned beef.  Highly recommend this place.This place was soooo good! And the staff were really nice too! I met my friend here and they were getting ready to close down, but the staff were nice enough to still make us some food. I got the club and omg soo good! Probably the best unique club I've had in Philly yet! Highly recommend them, I will be returning for sure!If you are gluten free you need to stop reading this right now and go to Middle Child. Seriously. Right now. If you're not gluten free you may continue.....
This place is RIDICULOUSLY good. For a person who doesn't typically care for sandwiches or turkey, I am in love with their Shopsin sandwich. The turkey is suuuuper moist, the bacon is plentiful and crispy, the sauce is creamy, the...I don't even know what's in here and I don't even care. Just eat it. Trust. 
All of their sandwiches are filled to the brim with yummy yum yums. (Please feel free to substitute whatever you like with "yummy yum yums").
Aside from the sandwiches, this place has pickle chips. At first I was all..."ew. Pickle chips?" And then my wife was like "mmm pickle chips." So I tried them and now I'm all like "yea, you were right....(as usual)." They also have Pocky, which I don't even need to say anything about because everyone who is anyone knows about and appreciates Pocky. They have a few other random snacks and kitchy things to check out as well while you're waiting on line. Oh and yes, if you're coming anytime near lunchtime, be prepared to wait on line. But it's not even a thing. This place is fast and worth every moment of your time. 
But those sandwiches must be expensive if you're telling me they're so damn good, no? Do you want a garbage sandwich? If you want a garbage sandwich, you're going to pay for a garbage sandwich. This place is giving you EVERYTHING you could ask for with a smile on their faces. So yes, just give them your money. They want $464.52 for bread and stuff in between? Just sell all your possessions and give them your profits. You didn't really want that diamond that was passed on for the last 68 generations. Wait, you want to eat diamonds now? That's gross and probably painful. Also, why are you still here? Go get yourself a damn sandwich already!I came here because I expected this to be a therapy group for people with older and younger siblings. Nah, I heard great things from friends, then read about it in many publications, and stalked their Instagram. When I started nagging my husband to go on weekend lunch dates with me, I knew just the place to go. When we arrived, there was a gorgeous, model/influencer sitting outside with her boyfriend. I paid very close attention to whether she ate the entire sandwich. She did, so I knew it had to be legit. 
When we got to the register, the guy taking orders ask my hubby "Are you high?" And I laughed because I thought the same thing when I first met him. I don't think he meant any harm, after all my husband was wearing a tie dye shirt and his hair was unkempt from just playing pick up basketball. Anyway, he wasn't high, and I couldn't tell if the guy was disappointed, but I bet this would be a great place for someone with the munchies. 
We ordered both of the turkey sandwiches. I think one was a Cali name or something about surfing, and one was thankgivingy. Both were fantastic.
There is a fair amount of seating inside and bar seating so you could easily take a solo lunch without looking like a loser at a table by yourself. There are two tables outside and one of them is placed next to a hook/loop for tying up your pup, as well as a dog bowl next to a faucet for water!What a wonderful find right next to Jefferson hospital. I have frequent doctor's appointments and am always looking for some good place to go eat. Middle child has a very friendly and accommodating staff. They do a large takeout business, but you are also welcome to eat there. I had a great time catching up with a friend. The turkey club was delicious with lots of fresh wholesome turkey. I will for sure be back!This was a great find. We were in Philly for a medical visit and found this great breakfast lunch place by Jefferson University.  It's a small place with a limited menu, BUT the staff is friendly,  items are interesting, the food is absolutely fresh and high quality. Possible drawback is that some ingredients may be out before closing but other choices are equally as good.Tiny space with a neat little counter and about four tables. Packed at lunch. I went at around 1130 and the nice guy behind the counter nominates the Surfer as the sandwich I should consume when I couldn't pick. The sandwich takes a bit to come out because it's made with obvious care. I think it was turkey, a mild cheese, and a jam of some kind. It came together perfectly on a ciabatta for an awesome lunch. There was a line out the door by the time I left. Cool place.I love these guys. I love them so much, I spent all my social capital and hackathon winnings at work to order Middle Child for the office. The order was placed and accepted around 10am via Postmates (where, by the way, the menu wasn't quite up to date), and unceremoniously cancelled shortly after 11am. Left in the lurch, we went with Shake Shack.
There's a funny note on the web site that it can get busy at lunchtime and maybe you should just get Jimmy Johns. That's cool but it seems to me if they can't handle the rush that they should not accept orders from online services for crunch time.Walking into this little hole in the wall was surprising as there was little indoor seating.  The menu on the chalkboard wall boasted some great options to choose from.  We ordered the Court's Street Reuben which was amazing and the So Long Sal, which unfortunately was not available. I settled for another salami sandwich and arugula that was not on the menu... However I wish I had tried something else.  Eventually we found seating, maybe 5-10 minutes of waiting but we had to wait for our food to be made so it was manageable. The salami sandwich was good but nothing mind blowing.  The Reuben however was really amazing and was enough to encourage another visit.  We also ordered sour pickles which, in deed, we're very sour.  I'm also very happy that Middle Child offered Zapp's chips as they are my favorite! The banana peppers offered on the side we're finely sliced and marinated very well. Definitely will return to try something to my liking.Everything so delicious. Many of the sandwiches have a tangy flavor to it which is a great balancing element.Absolutely delicious are the words I use to describe the breakfast sandwich I got here. The eggs are definitely the star of this sandwich and rightfully so. The eggs were fluffy, soft, and just out right melts in your mouth. It's piled on so high that it makes you wonder how many eggs were used in just one sandwich. The bread was toasted to perfection giving the sandwich a great crunch. I also added bacon onto my sandwich which was crispy just like how they should be. 
Overall, it was a delicious sandwich and the establishment is nice. It takes you back in time in this modern city. If you're short on time I would recommend ordering ahead of time because the place will be crowded and your food might take some time to get to you. It makes sense because that is how amazing the food here is. Defiantly worth the price and time to grab a bite to eat here.Couldn't wait to try this new spot, breakfast is my favorite meal! Tried the breakfast platter, very good! The scrambled eggs were some of the best I've ever had (and I'm not typically a scrambled person). Now here's the skinny:  absolutely adorable decor, very cute. There are outlets under the counter top so I guess you could order some coffee a snack and plug in. There's a small bench/ table seating area along with another small area up front. Not a lot of seating but very cute. The owner ( I think) was super friendly and his personality adds to a great experience. The food was very fresh tasting and the platter was portioned nicely for the price ($8.50 with meat). I was treated to a free piece of a yummy chocolate cake, which was really nice! It's definitely a GO TRY..One of the best breakfast sandwiches I have ever eaten anywhere. Simple ingredients- just eggs, arugula and Cooper sharp. They just cook the eggs exceptionally well. They are perfectly done- yellow and gooey but substantial without not oozing out the sides of the sandwich and a perfect buttery flavor. It's a bit expensive and the place can get crowded but it's all worth it for this absolute gem of a brekky sandino.I have recurring dreams about the Shopsin club and recurring nightmares about not being able to get the Shopsin club. I don't mean to exaggerate but it's almost like civilization has all been leading up to the achievement of the Shopsin club. Though I kind of assume the artist will hit that classic dilemma "What do you do go from your masterwork?" Pretty sure Tolstoy made solid books after War and Peace. So I'm sure more great sandwiches will come after the Shopsin. 
Dat ciabatta roll thoThe place was a great find!!!   The service was friendlyand the food outstanding! The breakfast sandwich with eggs, arugūa, and cheese - delicious and gifantic.Visiting my brother in PA so we spent the day in Philly.  This place appealed to me just because of the name!  It appealed to my bro since he IS the middle child!  Tiny, cramped & loud.  We loved it!! Just  the kind of neighbourhood joint that you know must be good if so many folks are waiting 30 minutes for a sandwich, when Jimmy Johns is close by.   My first thought was $12 is a hefty sandwich price when it doesn't include a side, but my Shopsin club was so big that I wouldn't have been able to eat a side.  It was seriously a fantastic sandwich.  And, the counter guy was super friendly and he recognised several regulars while we were there.  We ate at a small bistro table out front and truly enjoyed our lunch.  If you have the time to spare, this place is worth it.I was mistaken about the incident in my previous review (a large Postmates order cancelled), and Middle Child's response reenforces how awesome these guys are.
I thought if the restaurant takes orders through Postmates, they should be responsible to fulfill them. But there's no arrangement between the two, like places have through, say, Caviar. Middle Child has asked Postmates to take their menu down, but they can't stop one of their gig workers from coming in and placing an order just like anyone else. But if, just like anyone else, Middle Child refuses to fill the courier's order for 20 people in the middle of the lunch rush, the fault is on Postmates and their model, not these honest and hard-working restauranteurs.
In conclusion, two-star review for Postmates, and I can't wait to place a catering order with Middle Child for my workplace.OMG these are the best sandwiches I had. I ordered the Shopsin club and my friend ordered So Long Sal. We had the half we ordered and shared the other half. My shopsin club is so good, I love it better than so long sal. The sweet pickle and cranberry miso mayo are so on point. Def gonna come back try everything else.This is hands down one of the best sandwich shops in Philadelphia! Just want to first give a shout to my Girlfriend for discovering this spot during our visit. This is really small but cute space that gave an old school kind of feel. We ordered the Court Street's Reuben, which was absolutely delicious corn beef was so juicy and flavorful and paired really well with the Kraut, swiss cheese, their special sauce, and the Rye Bread. An awesome combination of flavors after each bite. They were able to make something as basic as a sandwich to something that will leave you wanting more after you finish your sandwich because the size of the sandwich wasn't too filling for me. It's definitely worth the money and time. I'd def. come back again when I visit Philadelphia.Yes. Yes. Yes!
This may look like an ordinary diner, but it is not. The food is amazing. Baked and cooked fresh until they run out, and they start fresh every day. The space is small but bright and modern, and the staff are just awesome. Drop in. This is what happens when millennials make diners, and it's fantastic.This place!!! Amazing sandwiches all around! 
I have now had every single sandwich on the menu (except the grilled cheese), including a few specials, and I can assure you, it's not possible to go wrong with your selection. 
My favorite is the Reuben (get it with pickles!). It's a close tie with the "ham I am" which is POPPIN with flavor (it's quite rich though, so I can only eat it once in a while). But like I said, everything is great and after having everything, I still rotate across them all. I think your favorite will be based on your personal tastes, so just go with your gut!
Also, if you're into the gluten free thing, the GF bread they have is GREAT! I'm kind of a poser in the GF life so I bounce between that and the standard breads.Best food, service and ambiance in philly. Go here and support Matt and Mochi and the others!In town for a conference and we walked here. It's small but worth the close quarters. My friend said it was the best sandwich she's ever had. She had the Jean Claude Van Ham and I had the surfer. Both were greatStraight up bonkers sandwiches. I'm new to this spot but I'll 100% be back to try the entire menu. Haven't had a breakfast dish yet but peeking around at other peoples plates made me curious to try something other than a sandwich. I will definitely plug the coffee here as well. Elixr is served here and these guys brew up their product well. If you haven't tried out Middle Child yet, you gotta do it. The line might be long but it's well worth the wait.Philadelphia food scene is killing it ! 
Food is awesome, the guys who work
Here are super nice and casual and just make everything so well ! Great place for breakfast .... Nyc needs to catch up actuallyWasn't specifically looking for this place, just out looking for a fresh flavor lunch spot. Almost didnt see Middle Child, but boy am I glad we did! My sister and I went in and ate the best sandwiches we've had in a long time! Flavor combinations were unique and delicious. Great spin on some classic sandwiches! Wouldn't hesitate to eat here again.Delicious breakfast sandwiches, excellent and friendly staff, great value. Plus refill coffees for free!Friggin' awesome spot, great service, delicious food! I've only been there twice but I didn't want to like it. My friend Dave raves about this joint and makes us walk 5 blocks to get food every time we want a breakfast sandwich. I don't like walking 5 blocks because I'm lazy...but in conclusion I walk 5 blocks there and the people working there are cool, calm and collected even though it's often busy AF. The service is quick, and then I walk 5 blocks back...that's like more than a mile worth of walking after I already partied all night and don't wanna move...Anyways then I arrive back at the spot I passed out at 2 hours previous and eat my delicious sandwich...I think to myself..it was worth it. Sandwich options are abundant and like 6-10 bux. A little high...but who isn't?The "Bye Felicia" was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Wow, just wow. Not just any sandwich would be worth the 45 minutes it took to prepare... but this one just might.Middle child has excellent sandwiches. I've never had a bad one.
So cal is probably my favorite, though the bahn mi is surprisingly good!
The breakfast sandwiches are also good. You get a pile of fluffy eggs in them. 
Seating is limited and there can be a long wait during busy times. For parents out there, they only have one high chair.After hearing my coworkers rave about this place, I tried to come for lunch on Tuesday. I strolled over at 1:45... and they were already sold out for the day.  Womp. So today I took no chances.  Me and the hubs were in line to order at 9 a.m. He got a standard breakfast sandwich while I chose the Hershel Walker. Perfectly seasoned corned beef, fluffy eggs, quality cheese held together by 2 of the freshest, toasty-est, buttery-est slices of rye bread you've ever tasted. Seriously. There was so much butter. Leave your diet at home but bring your taste buds. I washed it down with a smooth, refreshing cold brew while he got a free OJ! Great experience. We'll definitely be back.You know those dishes you say "I don't want this to end" about as you finish last bites? Meet Middle Child's menu.
My boyfriend and I tried this spot after it being on his radar and my having seen it featured in Bon Appetit. We are so glad we went & cant wait to hit it for breakfast. The photos of thick egg sandwiches are calling us back.
We split the So Long Sal & the Surfer sandwiches and genuinely couldn't decide which we liked better. The artichoke spread on SLS added a unique twist to this area's favored Italian Sandwich. The blueberry masala jam on the thick cut turkey Surfer sammy was beyond amazing too. The breads are super fresh and the SLS comes on an amazing local bakery's (Sarcone's) hoagie roll. There isn't a ton of seating here, but like the cashier said "things shake up" and right when our food was ready we were able to take someone table who was leaving. The ambiance is that of a hipster x diner feel, selling some really amazing international and US pantry items. It is quite instagrammable in and of itself. This restaurant is not to be missed!This is one of the best breakfast sandwiches that I've ever had. Period. How do they get their eggs so fluffy? How can the bacon stay crispy through all that melted cheese? And how does the entire sandwich maintain its structurally integrity even until the last bite?! The world may never know. I just went for breakfast, looking forward to further exploring the sandwich section of the menu.This is a small and very casual spot to grab breakfast, with limited seating or take out, but we quickly found a table after ordering. GREAT service, with coffee and soup of the day on the house (thanks again)! Surfer sandwich was 10/10 and egg sandwich was great as well. Sandwiches are BIG and good price. If you're looking for a spot to grab sandwiches (breakfast or lunch) and are okay with a casual atmosphere, we would recommend.I came across this place venturing for cheap breakfast in the city. People working here are friendly and engaging and know how to use simple ingredients to make a fantastic sandwich. Their bread is unbelievably delicious along with their bacon and eggs. I also love how they use arugula on most of their sandwiches.  The space itself is small but pleasant. I've never had difficulty finding seating or waiting. By far one of my favorite places in the city to get breakfast.Matt took great care of us!!! We had a catered breakfast for my daughters wedding party. They delivered on time and the food was hot.  Excellent food and service!!!Middle Child is incredible! The best place to grab breakfast and coffee that's your typical eggs and bakey but with a little something extra special.
I've gone a few times, and last time I was here I got the Japanese milk jam toast with the bagel and lox sammie and a corned beef sammie that they had on the menu that day. the interior is really cute but small - there's bar seating and a handful of tables and maybe two tables outdoors so just be prepared to potentially have to grab and go! 
Everything is really excellent - the lox bagel was one of the best I've ever had, the lox were so tender. The corned beef sandwich is something I definitely am going to keep coming back for. And that Japanese milk bread toast - whoa. I don't know anywhere else you can get that in the city honestly. It was one of the best and most fulfilling brunches I've had in a while. The service is always amazing and pretty quick. They were really accommodating last time I visited - I really wanted some ice tea (not on the menu) and they overheard me sort of mutter this while I was trying to find it and they went ahead and just made it for me which was so incredibly sweet. You won't regret stopping by.
PS There's also a discount for Penn and Jefferson employees with ID on coffee!A self proclaimed restaurant with "Jan Syndrome," Middle Child actually shines like Marcia Brady. It's so good. I took a bite and just said wow. Which is surprisingly rare! Everything was perfect. I got the Gluten Fee Herschel Waker. It is so damn hard to find decent gluten free bread, but Middle Child really knows what it's doing. The bread is buttery, it's not crumbly or too hard like many options out there. And you're not compromised to get a smaller sandwich which is another by product of ordering gluten free. Everything is perfectly cooked. I was initially worried about ordering breakfast in fear that the egg would be over cooked, but it was so lovely. The short rib corned beef is bomb.com. So so good. Do yourself a favor and pick up a sandwich to go!tl;dr a hip sandwich shop serving up sophisticated breakfast items and deli fare
Across the street from Jefferson, Middle Child feels out of place amongst a sea of chain restaurants. But, the perfect balance upscale and casual ensures that Middle Child stays busy from 7AM until they begin running out of ingredients.
This innovate delicatessen pays homage to nosheries of the past, with its black-and-white menu board and throwback photography. The whitewashed tin ceilings and walls, with bright green accents, keep the restaurant bright and friendly. A short counter is at the front of the restaurant, and a handful of counter seats and tables are available toward the back. Loud 60s music buzzes amongst chatter, as the employees laugh amongst each other and patrons. Middle Child feels somewhat like the tale of two restaurants: breakfast and lunch. The early bird line for breakfast is nonexistent, although a consistent trickle of customers makes their way in to grab food and coffee to-go. In stark contrast, the midday queue may trail out the door, as patrons pile like sardines around the restaurant while waiting for their orders. But at all times, the aromas of fresh ingredients swirl around the space, leaving your mouth watering as you anxiously await your name to be called.
For breakfast, I tried the Herschel Waker sandwich, highlighted by fluffy scrambled eggs, Cooper sharp American, and short-rib corned beef and a buttery, toasted rye. With arguably the fluffiest eggs ever complemented by a piquant corned beef and surprisingly robust rye, this hearty sandwich puts its food truck contemporaries to shame but still will stick to your ribs throughout the day.
For lunch, I opted for their Shopsin Club. Now, I know what you're thinking -- how good can a turkey club possibly be? Well, this sandwich is stuffed with a brick of meat, topped with several strips of crisp bacon, and slathered in a delicious miso mayo. The pickles add some extra zing and the avocado keeps gives a hearty freshness. I'll admit that I found the lettuce superfluous, yet this sandwich was paradoxically comforting and sophisticated at the same time. Also, make sure to get a side of pickles -- if it's your first time, I'd recommend going half-and-half between the sour and sweet options.
My only gripe with Middle Child is the prices; with breakfast sitting at nearly $10 and lunch nearing $15, I can't help but feel swindled after ordering. But the generous portions and tasty options, Middle Child is a no-brainer when you're around the area.You won't find a bustling kitchen or over staffed crew at this place.  Just a few guys having fun and working within minimal space while turning out amazing sandwiches The Court Street Turkey Reuben is exceptional!
I would highly recommend if you're in the areaMiddle Child is a great addition to the neighborhood. The space is welcoming and the staff is very kind and knowledgeable. I tried the Phoagie sandwich on gluten free bread and it was absolutely delicious! It was super flavorful and it was the best gluten free bread I've ever had. I'll definitely be back here soon.Wanted to stop somewhere quick for a breakfast sandwich and decided to stop at Middle Child. I think it's a little weird when you first walk in because you don't really know if you should order first or sit down. I know I wasn't the only person who thought this because when I was waiting in line to order the people behind me were saying the same thing that they were confused on what to do. I guess if you have gone or plan on going you know/will know what I'm talking about. So basically I went by myself on a Saturday morning around 10am and there wasn't a long line (only 1 guy in-front of me then a group of 3 people who were ordering together). I waited a little long but I wasn't in a rush so it was fine. While I waited for my food to be done I sat at the counter near the window and that took FOREVER. The people who came in after me were getting their food before me which I thought was strange because all I got was an egg & cheese on a plain bagel... Once I finally got the breakfast sandwich they also added other stuff on it other than egg and cheese. I don't even know if there was cheese on it. It just looked like a huge wad of egg. Took one bite and all the egg fell out. It wasn't BAD, just messy. The guy taking my order was nice though, but I probably won't be back. It was just OK.I was just trying to get a quick breakfast so I looked around on my way to work and saw this shop and it was little busy, I thought let me give it a try! Eggs sandwich shouldn't get so bad anyways! 
Oh man what an eggs sandwich!! I think it was the most delicious one I've ever had!!! Yessss I just found a favorite and I'm excited to try what else they have!!
That's besides how friendly and nice the staff are!! This place is a gem!!I love this place so much. I probably go here about once a week, partially because the food is delicious, and partially because it is so pleasant to be there.  Mochi, the cheerful person who takes our orders, remembers my name and that of my intern, and he knows what we like.  They're always playing interesting, positive, relaxing music. 
I don't understand how they make the eggs so fluffy with an almost custard-like creamy texture.  The sausage tastes like my great-uncle in South Georgia used to make with just a little kick of spice.  
The breakfast sandwich is so good I almost always get that or the platter, but I kind of wanted french toast last week. I never order french toast because it is always too sweet, heavy, and makes me feel like crap all day.  I got the blintz toast, and it was the perfect compromise. It was lightly sweet and hit all of the notes I was looking for flavor-wise, but not at all heavy.  I will have to put that into the rotation... but I really like the breakfast sandwich with sausage!
Everyone in there always seems mellow and happy, and I leave feeling good, so I will continue going back.A toast to this small and assuming sandwich shop in Center City. The Surfer -- a turkey, swiss, mayo, blueberry-masala jam delight -- was rich and spry on a recent afternoon. The Phoagie -- Hoasin eggplant, a bunch of veggies, and a healthy touch of pho sauce -- was strong and tasteful. Sandwiches can get a little crazy nowadays. Menus are being built for the 'Gram instead of the palate -- and, man, do I sound like some kind of get-off-my-lawn eater right now -- but Middle Child hits that right note of delicious food and appealing look inside a restaurant that really doesn't have much more than an overworked diner feel to it. It's a few blocks off the main drag in Philly, away from El Vez and Barbuzzo and the such, but it's worth the walk.They make an amazing breakfast sandwich.  I added avocado and was in heaven.  I must have arrived during a lull because I found a spot at the counter and there wasn't much of a line.  By the time I had my sandwich, the line was almost out the door.  Yea, me for timing.  Yea, them for yummy food and friendly service.Great sandwich spot in south Philly. I absolutely love the neighborhood and this place. The inside is super fun and energetic. They are always playing great music. It's a perfect spot for a sandwich at lunch or an early morning breakfast sandwich. Food is served quickly too!Goats of Philly and @pancakes.and.protein.shakes approved so you kno they are doing it rightPretty damn good for sandwiches. Counter service. Good for a quick bite during lunch.Shoutout to the beautiful staff at Middle Child. You guys kill it every single time! We had the special Brad's D-Lite which included deliciously tangy marinated brisket, garlic ginger butter, house made kimchi, and cilantro, shared some sweet pickles (also made in house) and the Court Street's Reuben. Very well made and delicious. I will be back for sure.... over and over and over again. Also good job with the tunes.Weeeeeell worth the wait!!! Their sandwiches are truly orgasmic  Call ahead and place an order if you can. You might get their voicemail, but if you call back every few minutes, you should be able to get through!The breakfast sandwich with bacon is incredible. Some of the best eggs I've ever had and the bread was perfectly buttered.
My friend had the Standard Platter and loved it.Really an excellent breakfast sandwich.
I ordered the Hershel walker. It came with fall apart pastrami, juicy and cheesy eggs, and a massive portion size.
I very much enjoyed this sandwich.The best egg sammy in town and the ultimate philly "breakfast jawn". The line is usually long so you know it's worth the wait. I've tried the phoagie, blueberry toast, hash brown, and eggs/egg sandwich and would highly recommend all of them. I totally love you MC!!!I liked the name of because I am a middle child. It's kind of a hippie Brooklyn-like place which had a kinda long line but also had wonderful breakfast and lunch sandwich. Will hopefully go back again soon.The place is just awesome. So Long Sal is like my favorite sandwich. Quickly becoming my favorite lunch spot.Great breakfast (and lunch) spot. The service and staff were friendly.  My wife and I split a phoagie and the breakfast sandwich.  The eggs were perfectly fluffy. The bread on the sandwich and the hoagie roll were spot on.  The phoagie had great flavor and spice and the eggplant was tasty.  I'll definitely be back to the this gemMy wife and I came here Sunday morning. It was decently crowded but we were able to grab a table in the back, as the counter was full. We placed our order at the front and helped ourselves to waters as we patiently waited. 
This place gets packed! You are warned! 
Our meals were brought to us. Delicious food, there is no questioning that! We grabbed a sour pickle, and then an egg sandwich followed by the phoagie. 
The pickle was ok. My wife really enjoyed the phoagie. The egg sandwich was good, but a bit too salty for my taste. I think it could have been scaled back with that. 
But overall, a nice experience which we are happy we tried. We will return when we are in the area I'm sure!We came here for brunch on Saturday at 11:20 and boy was the line long. I promise you it is worth the wait. The place is very small and I guess it was a secret gem but not anymore. 
For drinks we ordered some tea and apple cider. The cider was very seasoned haha. I really enjoyed it on such a cold day. 
For our sandwiches we ordered the cooper sharp and the Hershel Waker. I personally don't like arugula but that's one of the main in the first sandwich. The second sandwich was delicious. Nice braised meat and thick THICK eggs buttery bread. I won't lie. After a while it did get kind of heavy. But if there were a way to only get half a sandwich that would be perfect. 
I strongly recommend this place. You should visit.Friendly staff, fast service and great food. The so long sal is my new go-to!!! Not much room to sit inside, especially if it's during their lunch rush, but there's a couple parks nearby to eat.Wow! Great little spot for lunch. Cool vibe with great music and awesome sandwiches. Would highly recommend the PhoagieWow. Just wow.
My brother was in town for work and we had one meal to eat together. I thought it would be lunch but we ended up having a late breakfast, so I suggested Middle Child. "I went once, and I think it was pretty good," I said.
I still don't remember what I had the previous time, but this time, our sandwiches were knockouts. My breakfast sandwich was ridiculously amazing. The bread, so soft and yet nicely toasted. The eggs, how do they cook these?! They're creamy and perfect. The cheese, so melty, so savory. All the right things in all the right places.
My brother got The Surfer and he was blown away. "I think this is the best sandwich I've ever had." High praise from a big eater.
Highly recommend. :)Food was great. Not much space for seating and constantly busy. Went for breakfast on a Sunday morning and we were able to find seats since it took about 30 minutes for the food to get ready. They are hands down the fluffiest eggs. It's really worth the wait.Went for breakfast, and the blintz toast was seriously delicious.  I wanted a sweet breakfast, and thought the toast would be good, but did not expect it to be amazing.  The jam was richly flavored and a bit tart, and great texture from the cheese.  The coffee was good too!$6.50 for an egg and cheese sandwich is indeed pricey, but considering how Japanese pancake style fluffy the eggs are with sandwich density that is next level--quality and quantity come at this price.  The cooper sharp and argula add a nice complement to the aforementioned star, the eggs, and the savory, buttery bread.  
The rest of the sandwiches seem reasonably priced, and I opted for the Shopsin Club.  On at least your 2nd or 3rd bite, all the ingredients merge onto one and you'll be happy and sad to discover there is only a finite amount of sandwich.  Sweet & Savory a fantastic combo.
The entire staff was attentive and friendly, and while I did not have to wait too long for my order (~12 minutes), I could imagine waiting 45 min-1hr, you decide the hype train isn't worth it.  But that egg and cheese sandwich was easily one of the best things I've eaten this month--and I also ate that Popeye's Chicken Sandwich.Wow this is def a top sandwich spot in Philadelphia. I got the So Long Sal but I'd also love to come back and try their breakfast sandwich. I also got the tomato soup which was super delicious. Ordered take out and it was very quick. I will definitely be back.First Day opening so I decided to stop in since they will be my new neighbors. First off the place looks amazing, clean design with a great open atmosphere. Secondly, I had the scrambled egg with bacon in a deliciously grilled toasted bread and it was sooo good. The eggs were so fluffy, the bacon was perfectly made and the bread was fresh and toasty. Lastly, Matt, Keith and Mochi were pleasant and showed a great interest in getting to know me and frankly I felt like, This is why I just moved into the city! Places like these are great to have for a comfy and delicious breakfast or brunch! I will be back again and again! Go visit them now. Open 7-3, closed Monday's.I loved everything about it! - food was delicious (I had the breakfast sandwich on some amazing gluten free bread, friend had the breakfast platter), menu is creative and  interesting, prices are better than reasonable (the above plus 2 coffees was less than $20), staff was super friendly, people-watching was fun, location is good.Was the breakfast sandwich good?  Yes.  Life changing?  Def not.  Worth a 30 min wait?  Nope.This is one of my favourite spots that I can't ever make it out to.  I made it out waking up early the one day to get in line for the breakfast sandwich and get the pho hoagie to go. Both were really good tho maybe I'm not as big a fan of cilantro as I thought lol
The egg sandwich I got was the Hershel walker and god I love eggs I love short rib corned beef it's cheesy and eggy and fucking good 
I need to come back when they have the galbi kimchi sandwich and also when the red haired steely blue eyed girl is there to take my delicious order lol.Awesome breakfast while on the go! Fast, friendly, and healthy. Orange juice was great.I had someone pick up a Phoagie sandwich for me today and let me say, it was one of the best sandwiches I ever had. The roll was so fresh and toasted to perfection. The eggplant was cooked down so it was really easy to eat. The pho sauce was amazing and the avocado was perfect to top everything off. It reminded me of a ban mi. I've never been inside so I cannot say how the atmosphere is but from their Instagram, the vibe looks cool. I will definitely be in to grab another Phoagie. And owners if you're reading this PLEASE add more vegan sandwiches! :)Perhaps my expectations were too high, after all, everyone RAVES about the Middle Child breakfast sandwiches. I went early on a Wednesday morning to secure a breakfast sandwich with porkroll. There were about 6 others waiting for sandwiches when I ordered, and with two cooks at the grill, it was a decent wait. Once the sandwich was ready, I saw that it had what seemed like at least 6+ scrambled eggs stuffed into it and required me to deconstruct it to consume. While I appreciated the abundance of protein, the potato bread was soaked in butter and overall it was just OK. Maybe these things are better if you're hungover.My friend and I raced in here just as they were selling out for the day and the staff was kind & welcoming. They let us slide in as the last customers & I was guided to the delicious Italian sandwich and fresh watermelon juice. Everything was fantastic and we will be back again.Middle Child has made quite a splash in Washington Square West.  Since it has opened, it has been extremely popular and built up a loyal clientele - especially from nearby Jefferson Hospital as well as the local neighborhood.  And the staff are so friendly and helpful which adds to its appeal.  Fortunately the food is very good as well.  Their most famous sandwich is a vegan one called the Phoagie.  It consists of eggplant, bean sprouts, onions, chili paste, and pho sauce....kind of a vegan hoagie a la Vietnamese.  I added hot sauce which really brought out the flavors.  It's totally messy to eat - grab lots of serviettes (napkins) as you will need them. It's not my favorite vegan sandwich ever but I'd eat it again.  But next time I'll def try something different in this busy Center City eatery.I really enjoyed Middle Child and will definitely be back again. The clean & simple diner vibes were awesome and the place just has this upbeat atmosphere. I ordered the Surfer sandwich and really enjoyed the combination of blueberry jam and arugula, something I would have never thought to put together! The bread was sort of thin and didn't really enhance the sandwich the way it could have. I am no doubt trying the reuben next time because the rye bread looks really fresh. Overall Middle Child is a great find and I recommend for a quick lunch & coffee with friends.Tried 3 different sandwiches and they were all delicious.  Highly recommend middle child.I got the shopsin sandwich and it was the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. It was life changing.As I was dog-walking in the area, I walked past this new restaurant, read the cool article and raving reviews about it online and decided I had to check it out!  It was early and I was hungry for breakfast...
Everyone here is super friendly, cute shop!  I got creative and tried sausage and hash browns on a mini bagel, a little bit creative but really delicious!  Everyone asked me how I liked my food and I really loved it!  It was hot off the grill, mouthwatering, yummy, delicious cheat on my diet!  The orange juice was fresh squeezed too!  I'm thinking of buying some granola to bring home too.  I've found my new breakfast spot!  They accept Square and are conveniently located.  
Really glad Middle Child is here!BEST SANDWICH IN PHILADELPHIA.
hands down.
and trust me, im a sammich connoisseur. all i do is eat sandwiches, make extra af sandwiches at home, indulge in sandwiches, etc. 
first time here after seeing all the reviews on a hot september weekday. line wasn't long but the restaurant was definitely full. i know that most of the reviews are saying the breakfast sandwiches are where it's at, but honestly i'm not a big breakfast person or a breakfast sandwich person.  so i asked for recommendations. went with:
THE SURFER
Turkey, swiss, blueberry-masala jam, arugula, mayo, Philly Bread ciabatta
i literally want nothing else. its so effing good.
PROTIP for those with smaller stomachs, you can eat 1/2 of it there and ask them to bag up the other 1/2 to go.In the style of a million restaurants before them, Middle Child makes and serves good, reasonably priced sandwiches at a lunch counter...I was highly impressed by the food here at Middle Child.  The Hershel Waker was delicious with its soft pillowy eggs, corned beef, yummy cooper cheese, on a perfectly toasted buttery rye bread. We also got The Surfer which was much different but equally as delicious: turkey, Swiss, mayo, yummy masala jam, arugula, all on a fresh, warm ciabatta bun. The only downside is that it took a while to get our food, BUT it was busy during lunch time and once it come I could tell everything was homemade and oh so delicous so WORTH IT!Very busy place and took a while to get sandwiches, but it was so worth the wait. I had the Phogie (like a Baja min) which was part of their regular menu, and my husband had the McArby, which was a special posted on a small note on the menu board. One of the best I have ever had, my husband's, too. Looking forward to visiting my daughter again so I can go back. Be sure to add the Zappos chips to your order.This place has it goin on.... absolutely bomb sandwiches in a funky, cool place. I met the owner, Matt, who was really nice and cool. Definitely call ahead and place your order, it's usually busy, and for good reason. This is a place you have to try for breakfast or lunch if you live or work in center city.This place is a smoothie blend of old diner nostalgia and modern eats. Everything about it is honestly perfect. The staff is incredibly friendly, the place is clean, and their no nonsense menu board reminds me a diner my grandparents owned. 
The breakfast sandwich is to die for and reasonably priced when it doesn't have to be. The eggs are perfectly fluffy, the bread perfectly buttery, your veins perfectly clogged, and the arugula perfectly bity. I added porkroll to mine on the rec of the cashier and it was delicious. 
TL/DR: Go with friends, go alone, just go and eat their eggs.I pass by nearly daily, and I finally decided to come in for breakfast. Their breakfast sandwich didn't include any meat, so I added sausage.  With the sandwich alone + tip, it came to over $11 - pricey for a quick breakfast sandwich, but after my first bite, I knew it was a very good sandwich.
The scrambled eggs were divine - super fluffy and lots of it. Melty Cooper cheese.  Arugula for a little spicy kick. The bread was perfectly toasted and buttered, but didn't hold up to the weight of the sandwich, so it fell apart and I ended up using a knife and fork to eat it.  My only wish is for that price, I wish there was a bit more sausage.If someone said "Middle Child" prior to today, I'd be thinking of Jan Brady and all of her sibling rivalry issues with Cindy and Marcia. But not anymore. Now I think of delicious handcrafted sandwiches in a frenetic setting. As you enter Middle Child, look at the large menu on the right and order and pay the friendly cashier to the left. He or she will get your drink order (may I suggest the eight ounce Diet Coke bottles at $2.50 a pop?). Then the fun begins. Look around quickly and try to snag a seat at the counter or one of the few small tables inside or at one of the two tables outside. If you're lucky you will find one that hasn't been snagged up by one of the many hipsters in attendance. Fortunately you have some time to find a place to sit since each sandwich is made to order. While you wait you can look at some of the food items on the wall up front  which included chocolate bars from some brand I have never heard of, Quisp cereal, Zapp's potato chips from New Orleans, and some kinda pancake mix when we were there. There is also a small selection of large books you can read. But the star of the show here at the sandwiches. They are stellar. We tried the Surfer, a turkey sandwich which was great, and the Channy Tatum, a roast beef sandwich with herby goat cheese, onion jam, salt and vinegar potato chips (yes!) and arugula on Philly Bread ciabatta, which was the bomb IMO. Totally delicious. We can't wait to come back for more great eats but we have to stop and get some new digs at Urban Outfitters so we blend in better first.Fantastic service by Ben at the front counter. The food matches the service. I got the breakfast sandwich and added sausage. Ben asked if I liked spice and I gladly said yes. The added spice just took the sandwich to the next level. Great experience for an out of town visitor. When I am back in town, I will definitely stop by again.
Thanks!Great breakfast sandwich. The amount of egg and accompaniments should make for a mess, but it doesn't because the sandwich is expertly built for stability and easy consumption.