I really felt like I stepped back into a cafe in Paris. I met a friend for breakfast just as they opened and enjoyed a delicious and authentic pain au chocolat and an espresso.  Counter service was easy and quick.  We were left to our own devices to gab and catch up.  It was wonderful.  I will be back.  Now that I know the pain au chocolat is great, I can't wait to go back and see how the macarons measure up!Te times I have been here I've spent at least 10$ on macarons. They are priced 1.75 each so you don't get too many for 10$. The earl gray chocolate macarons taste like a biscotti/ tea biscuit. Strawberry is my favorite and lemon poppyseed is up there too. They are all wonderful and chilled so you know they are fresh. The next time I go back I will try new flavors to see what else they have to offer. The coffee is also very good. Service is okay they all have a French accent so it's fun to be in a new atmosphere. Hope this helps youI used to be anti-macaron. No more.
After pretty much every macaron experience in my life turning out horridly, some friends recommended this place to me. Unfortunately, every time I visited they seemed to be out. Your best bet is to visit early on a weekday, when I finally caught them they had guava & coffee. Instantly fell in love, will definitely be back for more.Different qualities on different days. On a very good day like the past experience I just had the macarons wrre fresh and my favorite flavor from here every time would be chocolate! Chocolate never failed on me but their coffee can sometimes taste really good but sometimes when its not fresh the shell does get cracky and the inside is def not soft. During different seasons they have special flavors such as egg nog or pepperiment and recently a new flavor they seem to have is the Jasmine Green Tea and as a green tea fan that was not a disappointment. Even though I have bad experiences at Miels I still come back over and over again because not every pastry is a dissappointment. 
Miel also served a mini fruit tart and mini dark chocolate tart even though they are $1.95  a piece and kind of pricey a little tart they are tempting and does get me to get one during my visits every time. 
Mocha would def not be a recommendation to get as a drink because it is not sweet and simply taste like plain coffee.Miel is one of the go-to bakeries for tiramisu cakes and fruit tarts for my office. Not only are they quite lovely, but delicious as well. The macarons are alright, and it's nice that Miel has a large selection of flavors. 
My husband and I came to get pastries and coffee for breakfast one Saturday morning, but I guess we were too late at 10:30am since their pastry case was pretty empty. 
Plenty of seating inside and serves La Colombe.The service is terrible. Consistently. I go in there because I love the peach nectar iced tea and the macaroons, but, seriously, the service is awful. They are either consistently understaffed, clueless, or rude. There have been times when I've been in there and the service has been so bad that I've had to prevent myself from telling the employees what they should be doing. And there is no sense of urgency and zero organization. I would come here so much more if I knew that when I did, I wouldn't want to tear my hair out.This was my first (but definitely not the last) visit to this place.  It is a real delight to walk in and see the loads of pastries and sweets on display.  It really redefines dessert to see the expansive offerings available.  This is a good spot to come and really enjoy a slice of heaven.  It has indoor seating and is not the loudest spot which makes it easy to relax into yourself while you taste some fine baking.I discovered a lovely french pastry shop in the Rittenhouse area. What a shame that I didn't find it sooner. Walking through the doors my eyes quickly turned to the pastry counter, rows of french desserts including my favorite macarons. Having skipped lunch I decided to treat myself to dessert not one but two. I opted for a latte with a lemon tart and rose water macarons.
The latte was perfect washing down the bites of the lemon tart.
The rose macaron tasted like many Persian desserts which use rose water. It was also a perfect macaron: chewy inside with a slight crispy exterior. As I sat there indulging myself, many came in to buy their daily bread and dessert. Seems like I am the only one in town that didn't know about this place.Bought 4 macaroons: salted caramel and pistachio for me,  rose and some combination of chocolate and passion fruit for a friend. Also had a cup of the house tea - Jasmine, green tea, and something else. $7.25 for the whole shebang.
There were two guys working the store - One manning the register and delivering drinks to the tables, the other explaining their offerings to customers. He gave me the full run through of their macarons and seemed quite knowledgeable about the pastries in general. The register dude was a little less extroverted, but polite.
Overall, I had a pleasant experience.We just moved in around the corner from Miel, and when my boyfriend's mom--who was helping us move in and is a sucker for all things that are touted as special--caught a glimpse of Miel, she was sold.  Every time she walked by, she had to stop by and buy something.  Or ten somethings.  And then leave it for us.  I, protesting her ridiculousness, refused to touch the pastries.  We're only two of us.  We don't even have any groceries yet.  I'm trying to lose weight (as always).  And you're bringing us a bag full of pastries?!  So I ate a yogurt instead and glared disdainfully at the pretty packages, while she recounted the stories the owners had told her about them.
But after my boyfriend's mom left, I couldn't help myself.  I took a bite out of the multicolored cake, thinking it must look way prettier than it tastes.  But it was amazing.  My left hand had to force the fork out of my right so I would stop digging in.  The next day I tried a couple bites from the muffins.  They were tasty, but it's hard to do anything really special with muffins.  That night I tried two of her most recent purchases, one of which was supposed to be some recipe saved from someone's grandmother who died in the Holocaust.  And it's a good thing it was saved, because that cake, and the one that accompanied it, were some of the most delicious confections I've had.  Even the tiny berries that came on top of some of the pastries were delicious (unlike the ones I bought at the farmer's market last weekend).
I haven't actually stepped into the store or paid for any of their goods, and I don't know what any of the cakes I tried are called.  I didn't have the macarons, but I don't like macarons anyway.  I just suggest you go and indulge.  That way I won't be the only fatty on the block.If your in Downtown Philly, this place is a must for your morning coffee or a mid-day pick me up. They have mini pastries that are simply scrumptious. The staff is friendly and fast. Take a moment to enjoy the outdoor seating or jump on the free wifi to get some work done. This is a gem!This is my first Yelp review ever. I rarely feel strongly about service or food at an eatery to warrant a Yelp review. 
Two days ago I ordered a cake for my daughter's birthday and have ordered cakes from Miel in the past. The online price was not the same price they charged me. 
When I asked about the on-line price, the male employee said, "We didn't update our new prices on-line." 
I asked, "Shouldn't you honor the online price?" 
His attitude was "If you're not happy with the new price, then go away." 
I thought customers come first. I felt shafted. 
I ordered the cake to be picked up at 11:30 AM today and had already paid in full. When I picked up the cake (two days after ordering), it wasn't available. In fact, it wasn't even made because "The order wasn't put in this morning," the employee informed me. But there were two other cakes in the display case, so a worker pulled one out. I saw that the bottom edge of that cake was smeared and asked for the other cake in the display case. 
When I spoke with the manager about the worker being rude when I first ordered the cake, she didn't apologize, but only said that the prices on Miel's website had not been updated for years; they only go by the prices in the store so couldn't honor the on-line price. 
When I said, "You're willing to let a dissatisfied customer walk away?" she said she couldn't do anything about it and to enjoy the cake. 
I paid for a pricey cake and expected customer satisfaction, but didn't receive it. I won't be returning due to rudeness and will spend my money elsewhere.Any chance I'm in town I'll stop here for some tasty treats and with the new year I thought why not stop by at pick up a few... or 12 treats. Got there as they opened and the experience wasn't good at all. I get it, it's New Years Day and the last thing an employee wants to do is fight a hangover or complain about not enough sleep but to the one worker who helped us out, they definitely looked like they didn't want to be there. After the worker had taken our order they continued to give me the box of treats that I had ordered and completely forgot the bag my friend had ordered and stood there dumbfounded as to why we were trying to get the attention of another worker who reluctantly showed us which ones we got but then was more concerned about "texting" her manager instead of helping a customer. 
Yes the treats and baked goods are amazing but the customer service straight up was terrible. Worry more about customer service and less about texting your manager.Macarons are really good and they have a lot of flavors.  Very inconsistent though. Different flavors have different sized shells, different feet, and some are sometimes hollow.  Price is pretty steep at 1.50 a macaron now.
The chocolate hazelnut cake is delicous
tiramisu is ok
I really like that they have a lot of flavors but I still prefer sugar philly, which always hits the spot.This pastry shop is worth it's weight in gold! The service was amazing and the pastries were "to die for" literally! Especially the Earl Grey macaroons and blueberry. Try the roast beef as well...it's scrumptious!The price of the macaron increased from the last time I been here. From originally 1.50 when I first started coming to 1.75 and now 1.95. The quality of the macaron still varies depending on the flavor. This time I got a fruit tart as well but the employee who serve me didn't even know the exact price. It is a pretty nice environment to just sit here and enjoy some sweet but with the variety of dessert they have they do get limited and the ones I'm craving for such as a vanilla macaron and a mini dark chocolate tart is not available. Just wish they have all flavors at all timeBlame it on the mac-mac mac mac- mac macarons. 
Lots of flavors to pick from! We had Pistachio, Rose, Cafe au Lait, and Raspberry. The Pistachio flavor was too mild, the Rose flavor was too strong. The Cafe au Lait was too mild, and the Raspberry was just okay. 
It was a beautiful cafe with lots of seating, but overall I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be. I had read these reviews of the incredible baked goods and how it was a must see. I don't know, maybe it was just an off day. The staff were snooty and not helpful (rushing us instead of accommodating to make our decision easier), and looking through the options in the cases, we felt like we were in the way.
Maybe next time.Oh, Miel. Why must your pastries - your tiny little pastries - cost so much money that I feel ashamed for buying them?  It's not as though I can simply say to myself, "$6?! Your pastries aren't even that GOOD!"...because they are. Not only do you make some of the most attractive treats in town (and what's wrong with that?), your french macaroons send me into a state of sugar-induced bliss.  Perfectly chewy, deliciously creamy and brightly colored to boot! You truly are a complete package, Miel. Smart, attractive and good in bed. It's just too bad we're from different worlds, you and I.  Me with my humble beginnings and you born into aristocracy. I'll just have to settle for your "day old" selection...Their macarons , hazelnut and almond merigue cake , hand crafted chocolates , and fudge brownie is banging . I would come back to this place . It's a little pricey but its worth it . Sucks when you have to find parking . I rated a 4 stars because they should have label their bakes good .Easily the worst customer service (edit: in center city Philadelphia).  You are better off saving the time you wait by walking somewhere else.
The first time I tried Miel, there was no one at the counter.  Despite calling out twice, after a few minutes I went elsewhere.
The second time, my fiancee said we should try it again.  A very similar experience, this time we stood there at the register but the employees more or less ignored us.  I really don't know how to explain it, they seemed allergic to the customers.  
This last time, I only wanted macarons.  With Audabon closing, I didn't have a lot of options nearby.  I first stood by the macarons, as they have a register there.  After 3 or 4 minutes, with customers getting served in the other line (by coffee) I decide to go wait there.  Half the time, the employees were both in the back.  After waiting for a while, I ask for macarons and we head over there.  I started stating which ones I would like, having had a long time to look at the menu.  But now there are other people waiting there, and despite waiting by the macarons first, then waiting in the other line, I was rudely told "there are other people here before me".  I'm not sure if this is an extreme lack of customer awareness on behalf of the employees or a fault of a poorly designed location (two counters, with two employees, that go here or there whenever they please).  Thankfully the additional waiting time gave me the time to look up alternatives.  
For macarons, I recommend the nearby Metropolitan Bakery or the Sweet Endings at 13th and Walnut (which apparently carry Audabon macarons).  For coffee, there is Joe or Elixer nearby.  There is absolutely no reason to waste your time here.
To be frank, I cannot comment on the food or drink as I have never actually been able to eat or drink here.  I am now confident I never will, and I would advise anyone who even moderately values their time to find an alternative.The best pastries I've had in the city. Sitting in Miel makes me want to go on a European vacation. It's expensive, but everything is rich, decadent, and delicious. Especially the macarons. Seriously: get the coconut/chocolate-flavored one. You won't regret it.Omg the macaroons are too die for i had the cherry almond pistachio and a couple others all amazing the fruit tarts are fresh and ripe which is very important i always purchased a bunch of dark chocolate cakes (i hate dark chocolate) for my boyfriend for his birthday he loved every single one he said it was the best he had in a long time and the house blend tea perfect for a hot sunny shopping day in center city i will def be BACK!!!First ever visit and we were treated courteously by all counter staff. The French Macarons tasted amazing and were not overly sweet and sickly. Excellent filling and not outrageously priced at $1.95 each. Will definitely be going there again.Having just traveled to Paris, this place is the closest you can get to the finest pastries in France - including Ladurée! The macarons are on point.I love this place! I feel like I'm in Paris.  The pastries are amazing!  The servers do their best with limited space and no "official" kitchen. I love their macaronns especially the pistachio.  They've just started to offer sorbet; I had the chocolate and pistachio. Again, the pistachio was out of this world. Their prices are quite fair for the quality of ingredients.
The cafe food is good as our their beverages but the real stars are the sorbet and pastries. I always meet charming people in there.LOVE the desserts, the coffee, and the lunch special with the soup/sandwich for $8.  The service is fast and friendly, I always leave satisfied.Came in here with an out-of-town friend after a couple years of hearing about it. The inside is very cute, exactly what I'd imagine a French cafe/bistro to look like. 
Inside they sell cakes and pastries, coffee, as well as hot sandwiches. It smells pretty good here and it's a nice sit-down place.
The cashier was super nice. Friendly but not too casual which was very fitting for the place.
I tried the Mocha Tower (3 layers of mousse?) and my friend had the fruit tart. Both were very enjoyable but not as mindblowing as the presentation is. I thought the mocha tower felt like too much dairy, which sounds strange as it is (after all) three layers of mousse. I was looking for something in the dessert to cut into the richness of the mousse.
It's a little expensive but I can see myself coming back to taste the other things in the case. They're too pretty to pass up, and I don't see many bakeries in Philly offering the same tasty-looking treats.I came here for a nice quiet afternoon to enjoy some books with a nice latte art and a taste as france from some macarons, definitely got what i wanted!! 
The macarons come in different flavors and are unique in there own way! Probably the best you could find in Philadelphia 
The waiters are really really nice and helpful. I'll definitely come back for more quality afternoons like this :)I've come here a few times, and I've gotta say it's one of the cutest cafes in the city. It has very European cafe chairs inside and outside when the weather is nice. The name of the cafe is the word "honey" in French, and they have a honeycomb gate with a bee on it at the front of the store. The place also has a huge selection of dessert options, so I'm sold! 
I came here for lunch for the first time today, and it was delicious and relatively inexpensive. I ordered the half sandwich and soup combo which was around $7 and added a mini-pastry for $1. The vegetarian sandwich was one of the best I've had--grilled portobella, peppers, mozzarella, and pesto--yum! I ordered the curried cauliflower soup with chickpeas to go with it, and it had a very good, rich flavor. I chose the tiramisu for my pastry, and it was good but I wanted it to be more creamy and less cakey. My friend ordered a large bowl of the pasta primavera soup, which was very filling and pretty good. I've had their espresso drinks and croissants at other times, and they are awesome.I had to visit because my cousin was raving about their chocolate croissants (like another reviewer, he also associates chocolate croissants with the bus stop), it's only a few blocks from my hotel, and I LOVE patisseries. 
It closes at 6pm on weekdays. I wasn't able to stop by until 5:40pm after work. As I predicted, the delicious chocolate croissants were sold out by now. But, a few almond croissants were left, as well as a lot of muffins, cookies, and madeleines. AND they were all 50% off (I'm not sure what time this sale begins every day). I didn't want this trip to the patisserie to be in vain, so I purchased an almond croissant and madeleine and happily went my way. 
The almond croissant was so fresh, airy, and flaky. The almond filling was not overly sweet. I'm definitely going back for the chocolate one... The madeleine was the underdog of the evening. It was simply AMAZING. I've had a lot of madeleines in my lifetime and this was the most perfect madeleine I've ever had. It was moist, cakey, not dry at all, and slightly crispy on the edges (I totally dig crispy). $3 for the croissant and madeleine. I highly recommend both! But, really, don't overlook the madeleines!
Also, the service here was great. I also saw tons of beautiful tarts and cakes that would be perfect for a birthday celebration.
**Update: I did make it back for chocolate croissant and it was as consistent as the almond croissant. I also tried a vanilla macaroon (which I spied in a huge apothecary jar near the cakes). It was too voluminous and crispy. Not chewy enough. Wouldn't recommend, but they sure are pretty to look at.Excellent coffee, delicious pastries, very very yummy (and gluten free) macaroons (though I didn't ask about cross-contamination, I was told the  macaroons contain no wheat ingredients). I think I spoke to the owner and he was extremely pleasant and helpful.
The staff behind the counter however were rude and aloof, seemed clueless or elsewhere and not excited to help a person out at all. 
I'll be back for coffee and cookies, unless I find some place better... but not to sit -- besides the rude staff they have 'chocolate tours' or something here I guess, or they did the saturday afternoon I was there...nothing kills a coffee buzz like a group full of tourons trying to quietly and respectfully enjoy their chocolate. =DI happened to find this place just by walking by on my way home from work. I only stopped because I saw the macarons through the window. I actually walked past. Did a double take. And then went inside. The macarons were $1.25 each but since I used LevelUp for the first time I got 4 macarons for $3. I ate the lemon and rose petal (got a pistachio and raspberry for my husband) and they were absolutely delicious. I get macarons from Laduree every time I am in Paris and miss them terribly all other times. The rose petal was incredible. The lemon was also quite tasty but sweeter than I am used to. I will definitely be going back the next time I have a macaron craving or find myself missing Paris.I've come to Miel a total of three times in the past year, and I have to agree with the reviews below. Coming here can be a hit or miss depending on who's working there--some people are just more friendly than others.
The first time I came here was a year ago. I was feeling nostalgic after having the best macarons at Pierre Hermé in Paris and was on a macaron craze. I  "yelped" for a location to get some macarons and Miel popped up. 
I have tried almost all of their macarons by now. I tend to buy a large batch to snack on for a week--haha, it never lasts that long. I asked the woman working there how long the macarons would be good for and she said approximately two days. I've noticed that they end up becoming too dry and brittle if left out for a long time (even if you refrigerate them), so you can tell if a batch is fresh or not depending on how easily the "shell" crumbles. 
As I have only bought the macarons here, I can not really judge this café on anything else. Every time I've come though, service has been quite slow. There's either a line or it's empty. Additionally, they have a menu for you to pick out the macarons you want from, but there is always more choices on the menu than there are actually available. Last time I went to buy rose macarons and they weren't available...They ask you how many macarons you want and THEN you go to the macaron booth to get what's available, if I had known I wouldn't have paid before hand. (So make sure you ask what macarons are available). It's a little bit inconvenient because they have them laying out without name tags so you can't really judge what macarons are what flavors the macarons actually are. 
Recommend: rose, blueberry, and raspberry. (They have a pumpkin flavored one right now for the fall!) 
Tip: Trader Joe's sells macarons for a much more reduced priced and they are quite delicious! You can get 12 for around $6, while here the macarons are approximately $2.00 here--more than 3x that price. Therefore, my trips to Miel to buy macarons are more of a treat to myself for their specific flavors that Trader Joe's doesn't have.The pastries are okay but the staff was extremely rude and condescending. It was a bother to ask what certain things were. It totally destroyed the experience.Had some time to kill before a wedding down the road. Stopped by because of the reviews on here. Glad I did. The iced coffee was great. This was my first time having a macaron ( I know...crazy) and it did not disappoint. Had cafe au lait. Absolutely delicious! And such a beautiful atmosphere. The sweetest staff as well. Highly recommended.This Patisserie is adorable! I love the atmosphere and the french music. The macarons are delightfully fresh and moist. Very authentic. The costumer service could be better, but all around a great study spot.Wonderful macarons (usually fresh), a great selection of European-style cakes, good but small selection of teas. The only negative is that service on several occasions has been very rude and, interestingly enough, condescending. I have spent hundreds of dollars on macarons and cakes and love this place, but over the past 4-5 visits, I have found their staff to be uncorteous, if not even passive aggressive. When they serve the cake or take the credit card, they make very little eye contact, don't smile, when I leave them a tip, there is no thank you, no  t even a thank you for your purchase or have a good day. They make you feel like they are obliging you in a way. And that's 2 separate of their employees (a Caucasian guy who wears a hat and a girl who wears her hair up in a bun with at times a band around her head), with two  or three others employees being very nice.
 My boyfriend noted the same thing several times. 
About us: we are professionals (a physician and an IT professional) in our 30s and as a group likely constitute a good portion of their clientele. 
We suggest that the management of Miel Patisserie either replaces several of their staff members or teaches them the common courtesy that is observed everywhere else. Truly, this is the only place in Philadelphia where staff experiences have been repetitively negative. 
Also, in the season of FLU, please don't use your hands to take out a packet of tea and twist it and touch all over it and then put in my cup, without washing your hands and then touching everyone else's money and credit cards.Everything was delicious, staff were friendly, and the macaroons are delicious...
I'm definitely coming back for the macaroons, chocolate macaroons were the best I've had!Meil is a good pastry shop. Good pastry and soft jazz. Great for an afternoon break. But lately the pastry was a bit stale, and for those prices they should turn over the pastry more often. The tiramisu was lovely looking but awful. TURN OVER YOUR STUFF!The mini tiramisu was so dry - inedible. Ended up throwing directly to the trash. What a waste of money.This place has the best macaroons in Philly! I highly recommend trying any of their macaroon flavors. Their other pastries and deserts are delicious too! I gave them 4/5 because service can be a little too slow and disorganized. I've been going here for years, and have seen more and more people crowding the small cafe. Time for another location!If you're missing France and authentic patisserie's--this is the place to go. I got so reminiscent here and had such a mixture of happiness and sadness when I came here. 
Wide assortment of French pastries, which are all absolutely beautiful. I stuck with the classic macaroons and house iced tea (mix of jasmine, green and black tea--so good). The macaroons were PERFECT and my new favorite find in the city. Staff was super friendly and patient. Great atmosphere too. The perfect place to bring a book and treat yourself to a pastry. 
This will be my next go to stop for a macaroon or when I have an overwhelming sadness missing France.Unfortunately, I've been to Miel twice this week! I just can't help it!  I have recently fallen in love with french macaroons and I think I am in serious trouble.  Pistachio, Salted Caramel and Chocolate are my faves! The butter cream in the salted caramel today was so spectacular!
Additionally, my husband has never before complimented an outsiders tiramisu (since mine is the best) until he had a piece at Miel.  Looks like I have to up my game!I would probably give this place a 3.5 to be exact. 
I wanted to get some macarons and this was pretty much one of the only places in Philly that sold them. The macarons were tasteful, but many of them tasted exactly the same, but with a different color. They used to be $1.25 a piece and now they're $1.50 a piece, not really worth it. 
You could probably just go to trader joes and get a whole box for $5 and they would probably taste better, haha.Macaron Mission...semi-successful: The pina colata was stale.The raspberry tasted like PB&J. The chocolate, strawberry, coffee and pumpkin were my favorites.Come here for the macarons!  I ordered five, all of which were tasty, but the coffee and honey one stood out the most. Not a bad place to sit and chill for a while as they have free wifi and a relaxed ambiance.I usually go to Miel on my lunch breaks, and I think that their butter croissants are the best in the city. Their soups are soo good (red lentil cumin anyone?) and one of their sandwiches I got (forget which one) was amazing. The only downside I can find is that sometimes their macarons are a little stale.I've been dying to find a decent French bakery that sold macarons and I finally found one! This coffee/tea/bakery was pretty legit. I ordered an espresso and 4 macarons (pistachio, blackberry, coffee and lemon) I loved the French type atmosphere, definitely coming back :)Don't let the "FANCY" French title fools you. This place is okay. The macaroons tasted Okay to me. I would have thought that my first experience with macaroons would have been amazing but this place didn't really enlighten me or anything. I tried some other pastries from here, too, and they were pretty dry and okay. I guess this place isn't bad but it's not really good either. It doesn't live up to its prices. So unless you want to be a dumbass and waste your money then go to this place.I love the pastries and food here but one thing that frustrates me time and time again is the disorganized service. They are VERY slow when it comes to making simple things like coffee. I watched one of the servers run back and forth from the kitchen to get a soup, the bread that comes with the soup, and spoon, 3 separate times. The credit card machine is also located in the back, causing major slowdown whenever someone (which is more likely than not) whips out plastic to pay.  Clearly efficiency is lacking here.
I also ordered a cake for a birthday party days in advance, only to be told they didnt have it when I went to pick it up. It worked out for them that you can't go wrong with any cakes there so I just took another one home, but a little better efficiency and training can make this a 5 star review."Oh, sweet Madeleine
Good times never seem so good
Oh I've been inclined to believe it never would
Ohhh, sweet Madeleine, good times never seem so good"
so yeah. go get a madeleine. they're divine.Amazing pastries. Really enjoyed the tiramisu, cheesecake was ok but they had this weird like coating over top of it which I felt was a bit strange. 
I also like how they have mini sizes and then you can also get a larger cake. 
I did order a veggie sandwich from here which really wasn't good so for that they lost one star. Otherwise very cute patisserie!What a great find! Their Macarons are amazing! Coffee is delish as well. 
Wish they paid more attention to condition of the sitting area. It could use a little sweeping, and a bit too many flies. 
Staff was helpful and friendly as well.My wife and I were coming to Philly for our anniversary, and we love macaroons. They are impossible to find here in the lehigh valley (if I'm wrong on that, please let me know where). Once we got there, they only had five flavors, but we weren't complaining. They had Black Cherry, Coffee, Vanilla, Chocolate Coconut and Lemon Poppyseed. My favorite was Black Cherry, and my wife loved the Lemon, but they were all good. Some were soft, which the traditional texture, and a few were hard, maybe leaning towards stale, but still delicious. The staff was very knowledgeable about the different pastries, and you could tell they liked what they were talking about. Also, they have miniature versions of the their cakes if you just want a bite or two. We took home a box full of the miniatures and the remaining six Black Cherry macaroons. We will definitely be going back the next time we are in Philly.I never fail to make a stop at Miel for a macaron fix whenever I'm in Philly. All their macaron flavors are on point - can't point out a favorite. I loved the texture of the macarons here. The cookie is just the right hardness and chewiness, and this can really make or break the macaron experience. When I dream of Macarons, I only dream of Lauduree's and Miel's. Honestly, I've once walked in to Miel to eat dessertS for lunch. 
I've also had their tiramisu, strawberry cake, fruit tart, and some raspberry/chocolate cake (don't remember). My favorites out of those were the fruit tart and strawberry cake. Service is standardly decent, no complaints. I'm not a coffee person, so I don't have comments on that. The atmosphere and space is just as lovely as their sweets. I also love that this is in the Rittenhouse square area because I frequent this area the most.Meh.
The place is elegant and beautiful.  The presentation is excellent.  The pastries look divine.  But the taste is average.  It's a bit expensive to be average.  There's not much more to say than that.  I was disappointed.Good macaroons, very rude staff. My wife and I walk in, check out the macaroons and there is a sign that says 'order macaroons at the register', so we head to the register. One of the employees is helping someone else, so after waiting a few minutes (no biggie) another employee comes out from the back and says, 'can I help whoever is next' (we were the only other people there), so we step up. He then says under his breath, 'alright then' turns around and walks into the back...we were dumbfounded. No idea what happened, but apparently he had no interest in serving us.İf you want to enjoy real coffee come in here its a beautiful little charming coffeehouse with european flairPastries were delicious. I spent a year living in France and it's one thing I definitely miss-a carefully crafted pastry. Not easily found in the US. I'm not sure if it's maybe just my visit today, but I definitely didn't get the same "delicious" macarons others might have had. Unfortunately for the two macarons I had the one I had was hard as a rock, something that happens when they've been left for too long. The other wasn't soft either but more edible. I've heard good thing about their bread though so I'll definitely return to try that out.Small and cute place with nice employees. However, I think they can do batter in somewhat cases. Something is missing in that shop..Tried Swiss raspberry pastry. I loved it ambiance and selection. Definitely coming backI love their croissants and morning pastries. Always fresh and delicious. The other pastries however look better than they taste (they're okay, but nothing special).  It also has a lovely atmosphere.It's cute, but they didn't fulfill the potential.
It's supposed to be a Parisian cafe and the door, outside sign, and immediate entrance pull that off. The quaint seating and window bar do this as well along with the workers dressed in all black dress-shirts and glowing pastries on display. 
However, the ambiance is just ruined by their music choice. Michael Jackson? Really? It doesn't match. Also, the restroom is in the back and the moment you head back there, you're brought back to some cold feeling and looking back room that again transports you out of the intended Parisian cafe. 
Also, half the wall by the seating area is mirror. If they're going to do that then they should keep the mirror clean. It's just dirty to do otherwise.Just came here today for some macaroons!
There were 11 flavors today so the boyfriend and I got one of each $1.25 each and went to sit outside.
The chair seating outside is a little awkward because you are sitting right in front of the people inside so it kind of feels like they are hovering over you.
The macaroons looks really good but they were way too sweet. I also wish they would have put name cards in front of them so I knew which flavors I was trying.
I do think I will give this place another try though. Their cakes looked really yummy!In the past year a friend had been using Miel as her office. I've come to love their house blend tea and napoleons. Today I treated myself to the last mini napoleons in their case. I wish I would have eaten it there. Once home I discovered she had just tossed it in the bag no wax paper or tissue to keep it pristine. So, it stuck to the bag and came apart. I then ate that part first. The usually crisp pastry was not soggy, but not crisp sort of like wet napkins. The pastry cream was also very thick and almost stiff rather than being velvety and luscious. So disappointed.I would give 2.5 stars because the macarons and chocolate layer cake can be a bit sweet and the chocolate croissant could be better.The coffee taste really rich and you can actually taste the coffee. The dessert is really good and have a good pricing. It's a nice place to come and chill in the morning or with your family etc. I'll come back.The menus  is just to look pretty.  I'm sorry we don't have that....Nope we are out of chia latte, nope sorry we don't have caramel to make a caramel macchiato.   BTY, that's not a strawberry shortcake it's a fraisier.To be honest I was a little disappointed ! I came in only for the Macaroons , and was very excited they have in many flavors. They looked very colorful and delicious!! However, after tried several of different flavors , they tasted the same !!  Only sweet no other flavors u can feel .. I still love the Laduree the best!!Service was rude/disinterested, chocolate flourless treat was flavorless and nearly frozen, macarons were mediocre and packed poorly such that they arrived home broken and crushed, and everything was overpriced.
I can't speak for the savory selections but i don't think i'll be back in order to update my assessment.We heard nice things about Miel Patisserie, so we stopped in one afternoon.  The line was a little slow to move, but watching the folks behind the counter, it looked like they were taking care while making the drinks.  The seating space felt European in that it was pretty cramped and not really designed for lounging, though there were a few people using laptops.  The decor was nice.
Why three stars instead of four or five?  After we'd been sitting for a while, I decided to order a few macarons.  When I got back to our table, my husband mentioned that the server had grabbed them out of the case with his bare hands.  Yuck...minus one star.  The other star is for the oddly gloomy atmosphere.  I don't recall any ambient music, the tight quarters felt a bit constricting, and it still felt dark despite the large picture windows facing out onto sunny 17th street.  I'd actually give Miel Patisserie 3.5 stars if I could because it is a nice establishment, but I'm still a little eeked out about the macarons.LOVE this place! Super friendly staff and the best cappuccino I've EVER had! Will definitely go back!The place is simple and spotless. The pastries, macaroons and espresso drinks are excellent. The ambiance is quiet and relaxing, loved this place.I had been craving macarons since my recent trip to Paris and perhaps the memories of Pierre Herme and Laduree remain too fresh in my mind to appreciate what Philly has to offer but the macarons here were just mediocre. Some were crunchy as you bit into it..yes, I mean crunchy. I do however recommend the following flavors: green tea jasmine, blueberry lemon, orange blossom, and apricot almondThe only reason why this place got one star is because no stars is not an option. This man with a fedora said they did not have a vegetarian option and offered us the chicken broth soup. CHICKEN soup... So we went for the vegetarian sandwich which was the size of half a sandwich and it was soggy. It was the most disgraceful excuse of a sandwich I have ever purchased in my life. And it was also overpriced. So, if you want to be insulted by heathens that only wear fedoras and serve soggy food then this place is for you. But the croissant was o.k.I had the opera cake. Something weird about the taste and the texture was chewy and stiff for some reason. Looking at the case and it looks like the cakes have been sitting for way too long... 
Many years ago, before Yelp was a thing i would come here for the same exact cake with a coffee at the same time of day after uni. I don't recall it being stale. :( 
I won't comment on service but they don't seem happy working here. Perhaps the owners need to take a hard look at their business and mission. 
I'm glad there are other French pastry options in Philly now.Five stars for the macaroons. All flavors were incredible. They had the standard flavors and some unique ones like rose. They were all fresh and incredible. Particular favorites that day were the strawberry, blueberry, and lemon poppy. The bakery itself was beautiful too.Hello reasonable lunch in Center City.
Stopped in a here a few days ago looking for coffee and some sustenance.  The decor is quite grand inside and definitely reminiscent of European cafes that I have seen.  Lots of golds, marble and bright with natural light.  I looked over the menu and settled on the parisian sandwich.
My coffe, (La Colombe) was brewed just fine and served up promptly.  My sandwich when it arrived was on thick sliced bread with a nice portion of ham and mustard with gruyere.  Chips on the side were just the right portion for me and best part of all, the price was not gouging.  I think I was out for under 10 with my coffee which is nice to do for a sandwich of this caliber.
I'll be back to try more sandwich options and maybe snag one of their very tempting desserts.My trip to Miel was everything I had hoped it to be. I've heard of friends stopping by for Miel's amazing macaroons and thought I should pay a visit. I was surprised by the number of bite size cheesecakes, cakes, cookies, etc. It's magical here! I ordered a cappuccino and two small desserts for $7 or so. Everything tasted great. I've decided Miel is my new favorite cafe and one of Philly's best hidden gems!I frequent here cuz honestly, they have really great pastries and desserts. However their employees are so miserable and unpleasant, they make it seem like it's such a bother to serve customers. Especially the red headed lady and the african american chick, they are pretty rude. Pretty sad that it makes you think twice before going in for a really good tiramisu.Though I found the interior design to be uninspiring, the chocolate shop style display for their many macarons was cute and did a decent job preparing you to taste these tiny magical morsels. The coffee was stellar.I've been walking past Miel on my way to work and knew that it would only be a matter of time that the sweet smell of fresh croissants would lure me in...  I tried one of their "famous" croissants and their cookies.  The croissant was good - but I personally did no think there was anything special about it.  I wish they had chocolate croissants :P  But that's another story.  I have a sneaking suspicion I'll be back to try more baked goods, and hopefully I'll find something a bit more exciting.  But for now 3 stars it is!Awful service! A long wait, bored staff who are more interested in texting then serving, espresso ground and packed for two cups but drawn into one  and the list goes on. Outside tables and atmosphere is nice and baked goods smell wonderful but if you want espresso, AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!This is my first visit to Miel and is likely to be my last.  Bought several macarons and they did not taste fresh. For the price point I'd expect a higher quality. Also, the service was not great: no greeting upon entering the establishment, and it took a long time to be helped, despite the fact that I was the only customer "in line" to place an order.  Closer to 2.5 yelps; at least the place was clean.We walked in just after opening. There were two customers seated at a table and three employees behind the counter. We were completely ignored for a couple of minutes, then one of the employees said "I'll be right with you" and then proceeded to spend the next five minutes making espresso drinks. It would have taken all of thirty seconds to hand us a croissant and take our money; instead, we walked out.Miel is a charming patisserie. It is a great find as there are not any other patisseries in that area that I know about.  I had the pleasure of sitting there for about three hours reading and doing work. To eat and drink I got a Soy Cappuccino and the mini blueberry cheesecake and the mini opera cake. The pastries were a good price and the taste was solid. The Soy Cappuccino was OK. Although the beans are La Colombe, it did have the burnt flavor of Sbux. I loved all the Macaron selections. In fact I asked for one of each before I left so I can take them home to my fiancé! He loved them and ate them all in one night. I tried the Earl Gray Macaron and it was perfect! I would return for a regular coffee + Macarons! I have yet to try their sandwich.The cakes are beautiful and delicious.
But their macarons! They have way too much sugar to the point that you can't even distinguish the flavors. And the service is slow and possibly discriminatory. Even when the shop isn't busy, I get ignored or end up waiting 20 minutes for something simple and small.Nice little European cafe atmosphere with good food, pastries, and coffee. Not too expensive either considering the location. I'm glad I'm not the only one here that finds the staff to be the weak point in the whole experience. Most are curt, unfriendly, and don't seem to want to even be there. I felt like the last person to take my order hated me on sight...I approached the counter, was just stared at until I said something, ordered a chai and got the response "don't have it." Can I at least get a complete sentence?  It's also a little awkward knowing what to do with your plates when you're finished- it seems expected that you just don't leave your dishes on the table, but there's no good space to bring them up either (and the staff certainly don't offer to help you).  Last complaint: none of the pastries are labeled. So, you have to ask what everything is and sometimes you don't get the right answer. For example, last time I was in, I ordered the coffee cake which turned out to be a blueberry muffin when I cut into it. It'd be a lot more customer friendly if items were labeled.I think this place is great it's a beautiful bakery very quiet and relaxing..  And their coffee and pastries is really good! Definitely will be going back againThis place was really popular and highly rated among friends so I decided to stop by one day. Their macarons were the first thing that caught my eye so I ordered them. Tried out a bunch of flavors that they had to offer, and I must say, they were really good!
The flavors were on point and when you bite into the macaroon, it's a good combination of crisp and crunchy bite and soft insides. It looks as good as it tastes!
Later, I split a strawberry shortcake with my friend. It was sweet and really satisfied the cake craving. I would definitely come back for these desserts!
However, their drinks are ok. I ordered a peach iced tea and it tasted like perfume. Really unappealing. The coffee was super bitter despite adding a bunch of sugar and milk. I was better off with cold water. 
I'll come back for the sweets, but pass on the drinks. This isn't a bad place in the city, but I can tell it's not the best there is. All in all, this place was not too bad!This is probably my favorite pastry shop in town. They have delicious macaroons and 100 other types of French and Italian pastries. Nice bistro style seating and great value for $$. Highly recommend.Miel has been my favorite pastry shop since the day it opened in the Village Walk in Cherry Hill.   Beyond thrilled was I when a Rittenhouse Square location eventually opened. 
Over the years, we have tried all of Miel's offerings, and virtually every important celebration has included a treat from Miel.    Indeed, there was no question that Miel would be the patisserie responsible for the centerpiece of our dessert table for our wedding at the Four Seasons Hotel.    Cake simply would not do;   I grew up in a cake-free home.   Important celebrations always included pastry.  Much as I adore  Miel's macarons, I knew I would regret ordering the oh-so-trendy "macaron tree" just as wearing vivid color shoes with a classic wedding dress always is an error when viewed with the clarity of hindsight. 
Croquembouche was the perfect answer.  It is the classic French wedding pastry, consisting of tiny profiteroles built in a conical shape and bound with threads of spun caramel.   Ours was built around a gorgeous vintage bottle of Dom Perignon, an engagement gift from dear friends.   The delightful  secret of the Croquembouche is that on the newlyweds' first anniversary, they have a lovely bottle of champagne to share instead of pieces of freezer-burnt cake.
Notably, a dear friend and native Parisian has proclaimed Miel an authentic patisserie and cafe.   And in addition to amazing pastry, their coffee and lunch offerings are terrific.Wow! 
It has been a decade that I haven't had MacaroOns!
What a surprise!  My husband has stopped by @ Miel Patisserie to satisfy my taste bud :)
Thank goodness, I wasn't there or else he would go bankrupt :)4 only because HE loves the taste. Hubs is a HUGE French macaron fan so I stop here on occasion when I want to surprise him with a sweet treat. These are hands down, his absolutely favorite macaroons. Not just in Philly, but from some of the high end, very well know places in NYC. (You guys know where I mean.) I've tried over a dozen spots and Miel still remains his favorite. Pistachio is his ultimate favorite flavor. 
The place is lovely. Bright with big open windows for people watch. It has perfect, French feeling details. Don't miss the bumble bee wrought iron gates! Very cute. I dream about taking time to actually sit and enjoy a cup of coffee and chat when I'm here. It's pretty inviting. 
Pros:
-He loves them! 
-They have seasonal and ever changing flavors. (Most recently I purchased eggnog and Gingerbread for the holiday season). 
-All of their pastries are created with care and it surely shows!  
-The space makes me happy and for a brief moment, transports me back to France. I'll take it! 
Cons:
-Parking nearby for a quick stop in stinks. Make this just one stop while running a few errands in town to stress you out less! No loading or quick open spots nearby. At all. 
-The staff is NEVER friendly! Ugh!!! 
-Most recently they started charging $2 for a box. This one really irks me! I rather spend that $2 on another dessert! These beauties are very delicate and can smash easily as everyone knows. They deserve proper presentation even when being purchased per piece! Boxes come complimentary for orders of 8 or more only! 
Verdict: I'll still ride around for parking, deal with employees who look annoyed and wait for the days they give complimentary boxes with purchase again...because he's worth it. Minor changes could make a trip here much more enjoyable for this wife who is just trying to do something special for her main squeeze.ok i would give miel 5 stars based on this one spectacular, life-affirming cake i had for my friends birthday. [i dont know the name but if you describe it to the person on the phone, they will know the exact cake i am talking about] and let me just say that i dont love cake.  i like it, but its not a love affair like it is with other delicious treats.  but this chocolate cake is just incredibly light and airy.  it is a chocolate cake with a layer of strawberry cream (or mousse), then chocolate cake, chocolate cream (or mousse), more cake, then vanilla cream (mousse). it is HEAVENLY and light and just makes life so much better. and the cake isnt very expensive. the last time i went there, the guy told me that it was $28 for a cake that feeds 8-10. i am not kidding, this cake really changed my life and is going to be my default cake for any and every cake (and non-cake) occasion! 
the other pastries are ok, but nothing compared to the cake. macaroons here are not very special but i havent had spectacular ones in philly.  i do like the ham and gruyere turnover. nom nom nom!!! this place is a great place to lounge around while enjoying a little bite of paris in center city, philly.This is the most elegant cafe in Philadelphia. The ambiance, lighting, decorations, beautiful desserts, and even the patrons, many of whom are from the nearby Curtis Institute, all seem to transport you to Europe. Light music and foreign languages are the best soundtrack for a good work session.
PS. I'm glad they now have free wifi and support people who want to do some work there. (I recall them not offering wifi in the past.)
PPS. Macarons. Lots of them. But the wide assortment of cakes are tasty too.I'm trying to think of the reasons why Miel Patisserie proved to be just an average experience:
- Maybe it's because I don't speak French?[1]
- Maybe I'm too bourgeois to appreciate it?[1]
- Maybe it's because I was the only guy in the establishment who was not wearing a suit?[1]
- Maybe it's because I was craving macarons and this place had terrible macarons compared to what I had elsewhere? They also only had one kind; boring.
- Maybe it's because when I requested and paid for the aforementioned macarons, the guy at the register grabbed the macarons with a napkin, held out his hand and said, "is it ok if I just give it to you like this?"
The macarons were cheaper than the New York ones, so that's great I guess. I'll give it another shot because they have some delicious looking and delightfully expensive pastries that I would love to try in the near future. I'll put on a tie next time.
[1]Not actually the reason for my average experience.I make a point of stopping in here when I'm downtown and have some time to kill, and sometimes when I have extra cash I'll go out of my way to stop by for a fruit tart- they're delicious and very cute! The coffee is good, the sandwiches are tasty, and if you're lucky and an early riser you might nab one of the best chocolate croissants in the city. Staff is friendly and the cafe itself is adorable.This guy tells me the harder the macroon is the more fresh it is. STFU your pastries suck and the cheesecake and lemon bar were flavorless.Pictures looked great but a bit disappointed by the desserts. The tiramisu and the deluxe cake did not taste freshMacaroons to die for! My personal favorites are hazelnut and pistachio. Pleasant atmosphere and goid service. Some outside tables.
Their coffee is very good as well.Great place to get tasty, inexpensive macarons! Out of all the pistachio macarons I've tried in Philly and nyc, i like the ones here best.My friend and I were visiting Philly for the day from Baltimore and I really wanted some macarons. Happened upon this place and WOW. The place has a great atmosphere and the pastries were beautiful to look at...but obviously not too beautiful to eat. We got the salted caramel, honey and chocolate, pistachio, and honey and orange macarons. They were delicious. A little pricey at 1.75 a piece but hey, when in philly right?When ever I start to miss Paris, I just take a trip to Miel. One bite of any thing here and I'm transported back. The ambiance is nice, great location, kind staff and oh! the croissants are just so light, buttery and warm...Magnifique!I've only tried the macarons here, but they're great (and they beat out all the others I've tried in Philly).Miel is my go-to when I need a gift for an acquaintance or colleague. Want to acknowledge your boss without the stress of figuring out an appropriate gift? Need something you can share with your entire office? Miel's pastries will impress ... and at a surprisingly reasonable price. 
I always go with an assortment of their miniature desserts, which are very affordable - although I couldn't tell you exactly how much they cost because in the past 2 weeks I've been charged $9 for 6 and $21 for 12. Suffice it to say they're under 2 bucks a pop. They are absolutely delicious - the same quality as the full-size pastries, but in generously bite-sized portions. (And at this size, you can eat 2-3 of your favorites without feeling *too* guilty!) They always have a nice variety and are happy to create a box with whatever combination of pastries calls to me on a given morning. 
Service is a bit inconsistent - I've met great, incredibly friendly staff on some occasions and had decidedly French interactions on others. C'est la vie ... I don't come for the manners, I come for the dessert!I've read a lot of the reviews on here regarding the service, but hey they're french so 'when in France' right? Or however that goes.  I've never personally had a bad experience.
Cons include the kind of awkward space, especially as it is frequently crowded.  Also nothing is labelled in the case so if you don't know what you're looking at you need to ask.
All of these things are easily overlooked as soon as you taste one of their pastries.
Must haves include Madeleines, macaroons, and linzertorte.  The Madeleines are particularly noteworthy and delicious and very few places in the city make them and this well.
The various beautifully appointed cakes that decorate the top levels of the pastry cases look absolutely delicious although I have yet to have the opportunity to buy one.
Coffee is great too as well as espresso. A lovely shop.
cinq étoiles!I was excited to come in and take a look at this place, thinking it would be similar to Laduree...boy was I wrong, in a bad way. I was honestly pretty disappointed with my first experience there today. I was hoping for more pastries to be available, granted it was mid-afternoon when I went, so that might be why there were very few items to select from in the front show case. 
Also, there is a $5 minimum for credit cards, so I was forced to buy more than just my espresso. I opted to get 2 macarons (gingerbread and chestnut). The macarons were pretty good, I liked the gingerbread much better than the chestnut, the filling in the chestnut was a weird thick texture and it just wasn't for me. I also didn't think it tasted very chestnutty, so that stinks. (The macarons were $1.75 each if I remember correctly). 
***One thing that REALLY turned me off was the fact that I saw a fly walking around on a piece of pound cake in one of the pastry cases. So gross. I was also a bit disappointed with the pastry selection. Maybe it was just me and the fact that I wanted a lighter selection of pastries and not dense looking mini-cakes. 
I will try to give Miel Patisserie another shot to try and win me over, but my first trip to this store was a bit underwhelming.From best to worst:
Sandwiches
Salads
Pastries
Coffee
Macarons (these are quite poor...overfilled and crunchy. Macarons should NOT be crunchy!)
Service
The wait 
People behind the counter are nice but short on competence and organization. It's 10x better than the coffee bar but as of now on my visits the best two places to get a nosh and coffee are Plenty and Magpie a few blocks south. Elixir is ok and the king of coffee shops La Colombe doesn't really have food either. So there's the skinny!This review is specifically for the strawberry cake...simply put, it looks very pretty and tastes delicious!Abominable service!! Was in  with two friends on Saturday for coffee and pastry.  Paid for both but only received the pastry as the woman who served me said I had to wait a few minutes for them to have time to wash the cups.  I agreed.  Twenty five  (25) min later I inquired about the coffee and she informed me with disdain that I would just have to wait and she didn't know how long that would be.   Can't believe they haven't received more complaints about the incompetent service.  It's  not the first time I've been unhappy with the lack of service, but it's the last time. Not to have clean coffee cups and asking customers to wait indefinitely is absurd, invest in an automatic dishwasher!  I asked for a refund and will never return.Best Patisserie in Philly. Stock up on their macaroons. Enjoy an espresso, and then, since you've eaten them all, buy more macaroons. 
Also, after 5? or 6? Their pastries are unreasonably half off (the price, not the pastry)Very nice french bakery cafe with large assortment of bakery goods and wide range of coffee and free wifi I love this place no More starbucks lolThis place is amazing - scores on ambiance, food, service.... the pasty serving size is wonderful - you can satisfy your craving without stuffing your face. We had the tiramisu - it was light, just perfect!Taste: 4.8/10
Price: 3/10
$1.95 per macaroonie (got one of each)
Decided to try dessert today. Would rather have spent my money on 5 chicken over rices at a food cart LOL sigh. 
I couldnt decide which macaroon to get so I asked for one of all of them. The flavors from top left to right then bottom left to right were: all decent tbh (idk their flavors LOL i was just kinda eating them)
The bottom right one got me in my feels i think it was Earl Grey I dont want black tea flavored macaroons sigh LOL the 3rd from
The top right was Rose i think i didnt want to eat the taste of a flower sigh those got me in my feels. The rest were pretty average flavors tbh the only thing that wow's me was the lemon flavored one (2nd from bottom left)
Cant say for that price I'll be coming back for macarons here. Cute place, though. Didn't get to try their other items maybe they have potential, but this place wasnt meant for my taste buds$7.95 miel sandwich: pretty good, simple marinated chicken with asparagus and toasted panini style
I also got a tiramisu, 1 cappucino macaroon, 1 chocolate honey macaroon, 1 fruit tart and the total for everything came to $22.00
I know it's rittenhouse area, but for everything we got, although delicious .. not totally worth the bang for the buck. Which is why it is a solid 3 stars at A-OKI'd like this place a whole lot more if it weren't so overpriced. And I'd probably be a regular, too. 
The pastries look pretty, and usually don't disappoint. My favorite thing about this glass-front pastry store is their selection of macaroons. So many different flavors-- including coffee, pineapple, guava, white chocolate--but each one will set you back $1.25. It's a pretty penny to pay for something that's not much bigger than 5 stacked quarters. Wait a second, I think I'm on to something.
Also, their coffee drinks, brioches, croissants are all fairly reliably tasty.Overall, a pleasant experience. This shoppe served the purpose of entertaining me while waiting for my iPhone to get replaced. 
The espresso was excellent. However, the selection of pastries looked a bit thin around 9a.The owners needs to train their staff on a couple basic  things:being nice and knowing your product. On my first and only visit there I witnessed the customer before me being treated so poorly by the girl and the counter, it was shocking. I thought I was on that show "what would you do?".  I regret not walking out at that point but after first being blown off by the same snotty girl, I was helped by another girl that was nice but didn't know anything about the macaroons, chocolates or pastries. What I did purchase was macaroons and some chocolates. The chocolates didn't have any taste or scent of the flavor they were supposed to be.  The macaroons were bland and overly chewy and not crisp and delicate as they should be.
Overall poor experienceI ordered a tiramisu birthday cake from here this past weekend. I needed to call at least 2 days in advance to place the order. I have tried couple of different cakes from here and I must say that I have never been disappointed, but my favorite so far has been their tiramisu cake. It literally melted in our mouths, and a lot of people were wondering where I got the cake from. 
I could have gave the place a 5 star but service seemed incredibly horrible when I was trying to pick up the cake. 
I told them I would be there to pick up the cake around 6:45 (15 min before closing), but I was stuck in heavy rain and traffic so I was gonna be running late. Kindly enough, I called them to let them know that I would be there exactly at 7, and the staff was rude about it and told me "I will get my cake as long as I was there by 7". This made me feel like if I arrived at 7:01, they will lock the place and won't give me the cake. 
When I got there at 6:50, there were 2 girls, who had already closed up the store and put everything away. One of the girls looked at me and gave me the look of "oh here she is finally". 
I just wish the staff was a little more well trained in mannerism.I don't live in Philadelphia, but I come here a few times a month to visit Relatives in Center City. I walked into Miel purely by accident several weeks ago and was AMAZED by their coffee. Now I stop by for a latte whenever I'm in town. 
The service is crap and the place is poorly organized--I'd probably object more if I was an everyday customer, so three stars. And I don't go there for the macarons. But great coffee.Miel used to be amazing, wonderful coffee and excellent pastries. The pastries are still good, but not mind blowing. The coffee is ok. The cakes and treats are still pretty good, if you need a fancy dessert for a party and can't make your own. 
 What has really gone down hill here is the management and service. I can't tell how many times i've been here to get a coffee and the person behind the counter is chatting on the cell phone or two people are talking in the back room while a line is forming.  Also, there was a time when they had nice music and friendly prompt service - they lost the nice music too, the atmosphere has gone to crap in there. Little stupid problems persist, like the stirrers are on the opposite side of the coffee fixins bar from the cream and sugar - causing a traffic jam if there is more than one patron trying to fix their coffee.  I keep going back every few months to see if they have improved, and when they do i'll certainly update my review. Please get your act together Miel!Really wonderful desserts, which I appreciate and miss after living 20 years in France, but I have no idea what the basis might be for choosing their wait staff. They are singularly not client-oriented. While I get things to go,  I still have ample opportunity to note that those working there are not particularly customer-motivated or conscious. Not negative to them, just not attuned! But truly wonderful baked goods ....This is a good place to stop by while in the city.
I love their Macaroons and Le Miel. They are tasty and not too expensive.This place could use a bit of business process redesign. The servers could use a bit of congeniality training. And they could stand to update the sidewalk board a soon as the soup they are advertising on it runs out. 
The sidewalk board advertised chicken vegetable soup. I stopped in for a bowl of it and a roll for lunch. When someone at the counter finally took my order, I was told there was no more soup of the day. Darn! Just as I was about to leave, a server comes out of the back with a huge dish of soup to deliver to someone at a table. 
WTH?!?!?! Excuse me. Did you tell me there was an alternate soup when you told me the advertised soup was all gone? What kind of sales pitch is that? What kind of "keeping business alive" is that? Stupid little snotty nose brats. 
I had to ask. "Is any more of THAT soup available?" They were like "...uh duh oh that one uh duh oh yeah that one is still available" "Well what kind is it? Can I get a cup or bowl? How much does it cost? Can you pack it to go? WTH kind of place is this? Do you want to sell stuff or what?" 
Finally, I received and paid for a pint of too-sweet butternut squash soup and a roll. I was glad I checked my bag. They hadn't included a spoon. What? Do you have a plastic spoon? Kthanksbye. 
I returned to the conference slightly ticked and with my head spinning at the weird experience at Miel that left me feeling "Meh, I've had better." I doubt I'll return to this place. Even though it was adorable from the outside and on the inside. I just can't tolerate that kind of idiocy in business.This is a tough review as most things I have had from Miel are fabulous but the couple of times they were bad, they were REALLY bad. The obvious point is that you go to Miel to get pastries and you have to avoid getting sucked into other options. 
They have a great lunch deal where you get a prepackaged sandwich, a pastry (dependent on what they offer that day) and a soda for a discount price. The sandwiches are awful in my opinion. I have had them twice now and both times it appears they use this deal as a way to get rid of day old ingredients so the sandwiches are soggy and fairly tasteless.
But, if you are going for a sweet tooth pick-me-up this is one of my favorite places. There are enough options in the mid cost range (ie. $4-$6) that are worth every penny. I also have to say that the ham and cheese croissant is phenomenal!
When looking for a pumpkin cheesecake for a thanksgiving party (and refusing to pay the Darling's cost) I came across Miel's option. The cheesecake looked amazing (great for bringing somewhere) but tasted less exciting. The cheesecake wasn't nearly as creamy or pumpkiny :) as I would have hoped so I doubt I will get another this year.Elegant café, delicious little cakes, reasonable prices. It's not the same as going to a patisserie in Europe, but I am glad to have this place nearby. A wonderful find for an afternoon pick-me-up!This review is primarily for the macarons. I've tried several other places in philly but Miel has the best tasting, best flavors, best texture, and best price. I've never had macarons from France or even Laudaree or Bottega Louie but in Philadelphia at least, this is what I deem the best. 
In terms of texture, most of Miel's macarons have a crispy outer shell and a chewy center, which is perfect for me (again I can't say I know what a good macaron is but I love it here)! I say most because my favorite Miel macaron, earl grey chocolate (see photo), is slightly harder than their perfectly mastered classic flavors. But let's be real, different flavors and ingredients bake differently so getting that perfect macaron can be extremely difficult. So maybe this flavor shouldn't exist? Let's not get carried away. The texture is alright but the flavor is amazing!!! Anyway, the other two I've tried this week were cafe au lait and pistachio and both were perfect (see photo). 
They often have seasonal flavors but the classics are really the best so definitely get those if you don't want to be disappointed (not that the other flavors aren't good!) -- also another reason I don't really like the milk+sugar truck and audabon (besides the not-quite-right texture, flavors were not crazy at all but just a little experimental and I found that not to be something that makes a good macaron). 
Check out the list of flavors for that day which is located on the far left above the macarons when you walk in. It usually goes something like: raspberry, lemon poppyseed, pistachio, blueberry, chocolate, salted caramel, rose, earl grey cocoate, cappuccino. 
I've tried some desserts a long time ago and all I can remember is that they were delicious! Their Miel tea/iced tea is also really good -- a mix of black, green, and jasmine I believe. I love the le parisien sandwich (and they all come with chips). Their service is okay, sometimes a little slow but sometimes it gets a bit crazy in there.Thoroughly enchanted by this bee themed patisserie! I tried 4 macarons, a chocolate croissant and one that had almond cream inside. So good. Best croissants I've had outside EuropeThe macarons were just okay here. I wanted to try some new flavors, but the Fleur macarons tasted like soap. The other desserts were just okay and overpriced for the taste and flavor. Kind of disappointing. I would go again when they had more desserts to try something elsemeil - no, no - mmmmmmmmiel is SO good, just the mention of the name makes my mouth water in anticipation of their delectable desserts.  
my first taste of miel was their petite pastries. the to-die-for passion cake features a layer of coconut cream atop a layer of passion fruit mousse atop a coconut sponge cake. creamy, fluffy, sweet (but not too sweet!) and best of all - it had the coconut flavor without the shredded texture that i can't stand. my coconut-loving boyfriend was kinda disappointed about that, however, as it meant less for him ;) we shared a sinfully delicious almond cake as well, and while i did not want to relinquish even one forkful, i suppose fair is fair.
most recently we enjoyed a simpler vanilla cake which, with moist yellow cake, creamy icing and white chocolate shavings, is anything but basic. once again, the perfect amount of sweet without sending me into a sugar coma. i cannot wait to get home tonite to savor another slice!
i can't speak to the service or the expense, as my wonderful bf has purchased all of these yummy goodies for us, but regardless, i still say it's worth every penny (and every calorie!)Miel was once a dependable favorite of mine when I was craving a delicate and beautiful dessert-y treat. This was back in the day when downtown Philly didn't have so many sugary options to offer. Because of the abundance of options we have now, it had been years since my return.
Well, I went back recently and was happy to see that they are still baking and serving delightfully delicious things. 
On this particular trip, we had an entire plate of macarons (which my annoying and slightly douchey friend told me was pronounced "like MACARONI, without the 'i.'"  *insert eyeroll* 
Anyway, I didn't even think I like macarons, but Miel changed my mind with their rendition, and since then I have been craving one of these pretty little pastries every single day. Especially delicious are the lemon poppyseed and the salt caramel flavors. When you are selecting the flavors you want, make sure you get 2 of those. Trust me, you will regret it if you don't. 
The coffee was also delicious and deserves an honorable mention. 
I was MOST excited about the pistachio. I saved the lucious looking green macaron for last ..... but when I took that first, what was supposed to be GLORIOUS bite, I found out that it was MINT! BLEH. And this is why this review lost some stars. Because that was a crushing blow. That, and the fact that their staff really is a bit on the atrocious side.... but mostly that. 
Anyway, if you want macarons, get them from miel. They were a million times (no exaggeration) better than Garces Trading company, and that's hard for me to say cuz I'm a total Garces fangirl. 
As for the other desserts, I did find that some of their pastries have a tendency to be dry or stale tasting. I do think that is based on volume/lack of turnover. I'd suggest going on a  Saturday morning, which I would ASSUME would offer some of the freshest selections. 
MACARONS!Stopped in quickly today for some macarons and they were delicious! Found this place from looking on yelp, because I wanted macarons and I came to the right place. I got 2 rose, 2 raspberry, and 2 strawberry. So good and fresh.This was my first time here, and I'll definitely be back!The best macaroons I've ever had. The pistachio macaroons are like eating Heaven. They are pricey at two dollars each, but on pay day, you better believe I'm treating myself to a few of these addictively delicious treats with an espresso. Yup, the good life. 
I had their tart once too, and it was pretty good. However, my girlfriend got the mousse cake and my dad got the petit four, and those were very forgettable.Best macaroons in the world! And other cakes too, especially Opera cake!
Very friendly and welcoming staff, they also have sandwiches and soups if you are up for lunch. I highly recommend  them!The best macarons in Philadelphia! This is the place I always take friends from out of town when we don't have time for a full sit down meal. It's incredibly charming, perfectly Parisian. While I usually stick to macarons when I come here (the pistachio and coffee flavors are my favorites), their other small desserts are beautiful and delicious as well. And their house tea blend is a must! The sandwiches are great, and they have a lunch special that includes half a sandwich and a cup of the soup of the day. Overall, one of my favorite little cafés in the city!Good coffee and a great place to sit and work. Love the strawberry cheesecake.This pastry shop is worth it's weight in gold! The service was amazing and the pastries were "to die for" literally! Especially the Earl Grey macaroons and blueberry. Try the roast beef as well...it's scrumptious!What's a bride to do on the morning of her wedding when she can't sleep due to excitement & anticipation?  On the prowl in the wee hours of the morning, I followed my nose to Miel's front door.  
Shortly after Miel opened at 7 am I scored two of Philadelphia's best almond croissants.  Let's be honest, I only meant to purchase one (who wants croissant-gut on the big day?) but my hand was forced after I felt the warmth of the first croissant in my hands.  It all worked out because my husband was thrilled to find a still fresh croissant in our suite for some late-night noshing.
Make sure to get there early.  I messaged my bestie and her husband to recommend Miel, but by the time they made it down there -- maybe 10:30ish -- Miel was sold out!What this city needs is more Patisseries.  
We don't need more Italian eateries, we certainly don't need more cheesesteak joints, or bars cum bistros, but what we do need are more places that craft a fine macaron or financier like Miel.
* folks, macaron is not to be confused with macaroon, an entirely different confection -  and it's definitely not pronounced macaroon, it's MAH-KA-RHUH - phonetically speaking - you're welcome!*
We need more places that craft a fine croissant or a pain of chocolat.  Donuts and cupcakes, this town has-a-plenty. What we don't have enough is the incredibly, earth-shattering chocolate mousse cake that Miel makes (serves six, $27) that is so elegant and such a nice departure for a birthday celebration.  Bring it to a dinner party to wow.
Colombe coffee.  Lunch options here too.  Very friendly service in a setting that is très European.  Prices reasonable.
The macarons (that's right MACARON, autocorrect stop correcting me!) are pretty good, but definitely not the best I have had.  Some flavors are better than others, but they have a truly varied selection.  It's the other creations that are truly what this patisserie knocks out of the park and that you should not miss. Yes, this town's got great Italian pastries, but if it's French you seek, then Miel is your ticket.Good setting in Euro environment. Good pastries, etc.. Euro trash clientele. Good service with smile. Too expensive. So be it.http://musingsofafoodaholic.wordpress.com/2011/12/09/a-parisian-experience-at-miel-patisserie/
A Parisian Experience at Miel Patisserie
Although I wasn't too impressed with Miel Patisserie's bourgeois French inspired service the first time round, the sandwiches kept me coming back. When it is a frigid winter's day and all you want is a hot crispy sandwich, this is a place to be. 
Hidden near Rittenhouse square at 204 South 17th Street, this cozy café was packed at 1pm and I barely managed to snag a seat near the window. It was also clearly a hit with the ladies, I mean I was the only guy there, I kid you not. Well, I in drag I could pass of as a girl too. 
If it is your first time to the corner café I absolutely must recommend the Le Miel sandwich ($7.95). This freshly prepared crispy pippin hot chicken fillet sandwich is served with delicious dripping melted brie and asparagus. Each crunchy bite is chocked full of tender flavor and sends me back to the chic sidewalks of the Champ Elysees. 
I also tried their Dijon sandwich ($6.75) and frankly I think after you have tried the best, the rest sort of trails behind. The combination of turkey, cheese and Dijon mustard was fine but then you get the sweet taste of the apricot jam mixed in with the savory and it just throws me off. Thankfully, a gulp of their freshly brewed ice tea solved that problem in a jiffy. 
No meal at Miel Patisserie is complete without at least trying one of their many decadence pastries. Their chocolate cakes can be a little heavy at lunch and can put you into a food coma at that after lunch staff meeting (By the way, I think staff meetings after lunch should be outlawed in favor of an afternoon nap, productivity would soar.) I recommend the fruit tart, light, petite, and with just the right amount of custard sweetness, it is the perfect way to get your daily dose of vitamin C! 
Dear Miel Patisserie, 
Je vous adore. 
Xoxo
MOAF
Overall rating: 4/5I went to Miel to order a couple of cakes (enough to serve around 30 people) for an office event. I stopped in on a Wednesday (needed the cakes for Monday a.m.) and spoke to a manager who was extremely helpful, spent a lot of time discussing options with me, and gave me a few printouts. He said that if I placed my order preferably on Thursday or by Friday at the latest, that would be fine. 
I called in on Thursday and was told that the manager was out for the day, and that he was the only one who could really discuss "custom" cakes/prices with me. So I stopped by Friday morning on my way to the office and talked to an employee (the manager wasn't in) who listened to my request, called back to the kitchen, and told me, as stated by the kitchen, that there wasn't enough time to turn custom cakes around by Monday (and FYI, by "custom" cakes, I mean 2 quarter sheet cakes: one chocolate, one cream cheese pound cake - super basic). I explained to the employee that I had discussed all this with the manager - she said he was probably still sleeping but that she'd leave a message for him to call me as soon as he got in. It's Saturday afternoon and I still haven't heard back.
All in all, it's probably for the best - we were going to pay twice as much for the cakes from Miel as we would've paid anywhere else. But considering I was prepared to pay $100+ for two cakes, you'd think they could manage to return a phone call.Quiet, cozy cafe with french pastries that make for a nice casual morning or afternoon visit.Their cakes are absolutely delicious. My roommate got my birthday cake from there, and I've been in love since. Since then, I've gotten my roommate's and two of my friends' birthday cakes from Miel. While ordering, the servers have always been extremely courteous and helpful, always accommodating my indecisiveness and 20 questions. I've also went into Miel's on a Sunday afternoon to just sit and read with a cup of cappuccino and a chocolate croissant. The place was packed, and it was great for people watching. P.S. The Croissant was hands down the best I've ever had! So flaky and yummy. Absolutely delicious.Very disappointing! I opened up to a box of messy and broken macaroons. this is my usual spot when I need macaroons for a photo shoot. They usually arrange them nicely and carefully. It I'm not sure what the case was today!My fiance and I made an appointment to speak to the manager of Miel Patisserie to arrange for a macaron tower for our wedding.  We drove all the way in to Center City to speak to him, show him pictures of what we had in mind, etc.
I arrived a few minutes before my fiance did and asked the young man behind the counter to let the manager know I was here, and she would be here momentarily.  The kid replied, "The manager's not here," then he gestured toward the phone and added, "It'll have to be a phone interview.  You can wait over there until she gets here, then I'll call him." Didn't apologize, offer a coffee, nothing.
When she arrived, we told the kid to let the manager know we had changed our mind.  I reminded him this was our wedding and noted that we expected better service -- or at least mild interest -- at a time like this.  He shrugged again and basically said, "Whatever," and we left.
Since then, the manager has made no attempt to contact us.  This cost us several hours out of our work day, as well as the gas and mileage to and from Center City.  Hard to imagine such unprofessionalism, discourtesy and lack of service.  How do they stay in business?
Anyway, we will find another local baker for our macaron tower and will post the results here, so everyone knows where the better options are.Love their macaroons!! Have also tried a few other bakery items and all were great. Its a little pricey though.The food here is good, but service is lacking and inattentive. Tables do not get bussed, especially the outside ones. And even after ordering food and sitting at a recently vacated table, the server didn't clear the previous patron's dishes until after being prompted. For a $12 lunch, I expect better.Macarons were good, I've had better. Had raspberry and pistachio.I went in two days ago because I was craving a yummy, warm, almond croissant and a coffee, but was denied. Apparently, they don't get pastries delivered fresh first thing in the morning any longer, but instead receive their deliveries closer to 9:30am.... I was forced to pay full price for a day-old pain au chocolat which was HORRIBLE. I came in again this afternoon around 12:30pm and they did not have my favorite sandwich, the Miel. I ordered an iced soy latte... they too were out of this. The guy behind the counter laughed at me because everything I ordered they seemed to be out of. No apologies. It seemed like a joke to him and the blonde who was working there. I got an iced latte with regular milk which was delicious, didn't need any sugar. However, the almond croissant was not its usual flaky texture nor buttery. It tasted stale, even when warmed up. This place was so amazing a few years ago.... it's really gone down.Really like the Euro desserts here. And they even have macarons. Nice place and will definitely come back again!Okay so hands down thee best macaroons I have ever tasted. Sorry I ate them so fast I didn't get a picture. Very flaky, soft, and not too sweet. I had the rose, strawberry and a maple crunch all delicious. I would have have four stars but my veggie panini was laughable. It was just artichoke and cheese and a glob of pesto sauce and my mushroom soup was bean soup. I may give them another try.Went today about fivish and thankfully it wasn't packed...there was two staff members both males and though you don't get a greeting they did treat me decent enough...I had the Parisian ..nice size sandwich with chips a little strong mustard taste but still good ,could only eat half,it was stuffed with meat and cheese .drank a cafe au lait  made perfectly  and couldn't resist so I got macarons.one of each..they had 11 amazing flavors..they were so colorful and delish ...will come again because that bite size opera,tiramisu and lemon tart were out of this world and I must try moreLooking for a macaron fix? Look no further! At $1.75 per piece you won't break the brand trying to satisfy your sweet tooth. My friends and I came in here on a rainy Saturday afternoon after some shopping specifically for their macarons. I tried the butterscotch one and it was suburb. A flavor you don't find everywhere! They're pretty close to the macarons I salivated over at Laduree's in Paris. I like their (extra) sweetness and they got the consistency perfectly right.
I also ordered a vanilla latte to go which was ehhh ok but nothing special. I will definitely come back to try more of their pastures. What tops this place off is the chic-small-french cafe vibe, especially some of the waitstaff with fedoras.What am I going to say that has not been said before?  This patisserie is lovely in every way, their macarons are delicious and the ever changing array of flavors will keep your taste buds delighted & intrigued.
Of the limited places that sell a fine, fresh authentic macaron, this is the only place that sells rose.  Fragrant, delicate, complex, exotic and rare - the rose macaron is my very favorite.  Miel's are so fresh, they melt the moment you bite into them, the perfume wafts across your palate and the texture is so sublime you will regret not buying a few more.  I got one Honey Orange Blossom & one Rose, there is no photo because I inhaled them the moment we walked out of the store and as I sit here writing this, I wish I bought a few more.Used to be my go to spot for macarons but since the last couple times I went to get macarons it was a disappointment . Their macarons has gotten crunchy . I like mines soft . Not a lot of flavors to choose from either . I'm picky when it comes to flavors . I've also took my sister here when she came to visit me and wanted macarons and she didn't like it either . She said it was too crunchy . Other than that no complaints . I like their cake . My favorite being the hazelnut-almond meringue layer cake . Since the first time I've tried it . It's oh so delicious . All best to eat at room temperature. I've tried their raspberry mousse cake . I'm not much a fan of raspberry flavor stuff but I wanted to give it a try . It was okay . Their brownies are good . I've also tried a few of their handcrafted chocolate and they're pretty good too . I'll still stop in for some cake if I crave for it .I have been going to Miel Patisserie for three years.  I would frequent about once or twice a month to pick up a box of macarons.  In the past year, this place has gone downhill. The macarons from their bakery are never consistent (they are not made in house) .  They are often stale because they didn't receive their macaron delivery from the bakery that day, which surprisingly happens fairly often. Who serves stale macarons knowingly?  The service is absolutely horrendous and extremely understaffed during peak hours.  Normally I would use Miel Patisserie for events and birthdays, but they always fail to deliver what I request for my catering orders.  Be aware, if you ask for a colorful macaron cake/tower, prepare to receive (and still have to pay for) a brown, neutral colored macaron cake with chocolate and salted caramel.  Their response: "but salted caramel is our best seller".  Also, if you call and put in a order for over 30 variety pastries, of a colorful variety...you are given a box full of tiramisu cakes.  There are much better bakeries in the city to try.I came for something sweet and left with 2 dozen macarons...how is this possible? Deliciousness on the cheap, that's how. They have all the basic flavors and are not scared to try something new. The old go-to is the pistachio, the new favorite is the pomegranate macaron. Yum. Their other pastries are also great, the creme brulé is creamy with the perfect shell. Okay, mouth watering. Leaving now. The only reason I'm giving it a four is because the servers can be a little slow to offer help when you're obviously here to buy. I don't know if they are being nice and just giving me space to browse, but on more than one visit, I had to flag them down. However, once you have their attention they can be pretty good. I never sit in though, always take out to enjoy my gluttonous ways in my own.There really are not frills, marble floors, the bakery display cases occupy the majority of the space.  Small two tops speckle the dining area. I have to say that this little french patisserie is quite charming.  
I've been on a mission to eat every macaron in the city! The macarons have their own case here!  I like to think that they are as good as the ones from Laduree!  Light, delicate and fluffy and oh soooo delicious! Pistachio, Rose, Salted Carmel are my favorite!  It teleports me back to my trip to Paris....sigh...
I really enjoy the coffee here as well.  Miel is well kept secret. Their sandwiches look great too. One of these days I'm going to sit down and will report back.  
I love the sweet chandelier in the back room. 
Don't forget to grab an Orangina!  The quintessential French drink!I can only rate the macarons because that is all I have tried so far...but they are delicious! The flavor selection is fun and interesting. Everything else in the case looks beautiful. The staff has always been very pleasant and helpful when I have gone in, even offering me a taste a flavor I was unsure of. Price seems a little high but seems to be the same for others in the area.Great coffee,and good pastries.
Servers a bit full of themselves.
Asked for butter or honey for my croisant,and was dissed with a sharp no,and the server walked away.Guess they don't carry condiments as their pastries are "so special."
Stay away if the server that looks like a swishy Sammie Davis Jr is working.
Service kept us from returning.I come here a lot and never had a problem.  The staff is very welcoming and helpful.  The only reason why im giving them four stars is for my most recent visit. I usually come here for the short cake and the macarons. But i love the shortcake, which is usually topped with a strawberry. However, today, i decided to take out and to my surprise, no strawberry! You could clearly see the imprint on the strawberry on there like it fell off and they still decided to give it to me.What happened to my favorite bakery and coffee shop? I saw the paper on the windows and I almost cried. I'll never forget the coffee ( it was like liquid  velvet ) and the pastry, crispy, buttery heaven. I never mind paying for quality and Miel's was quality. I hope the new management don't screw it up!So I tried a mini cake and it was "ok" - but then the coffee flavored macaron? YES. Here's my advice: Step into the place, get only one macaron, smile as you get it, and walk out. Do not eat it right away: Have a stroll in Philly first, appreciate the little blessings in life, give a homeless person a dollar, pretend that you got more dessert by giving that money away to someone in need, because one macaron is really all you need. Savor it. Take it slow. Think of the joy that a perfectly rounded and crunchy macaron can bring.Having come here a few more times, I wanted to update my review. The desserts are alright. There's really no where else in Philadelphia (not that I know of :/) where I could just walk in and buy a fruit tart or tiramisu, so must give props to Miel for that.
The macarons are good, when they're not stale. So basically it's a mixed bag sometimes. My suggestion would be for Miel to taste their macarons before they put it in the display case. No one wants a perfectly delicious hard on the outside soft in the inside macaron only to bite into one that crumbles into a million pieces afterwards because it is so stale.Eight (8) Macarons: $14.00 (size of a baby plum)
The size size size size size size size; SMH!!!!
Pistachio: my favorite out of the bunch. Not too sweet, flavorful and the pistachio sprinkled on top was simply delicious.
Blueberry: yummy, full of favor
Cookie and Cream: the filling was a bit off to me. Just taste like a plain cream filler that was missing something
Lemon poppyseed: I needed more of a lemon/ tarty taste to it. The lemon favor was too subtle
Red Velvet: simply take like chocolate. Would have been nice to compliment it with a semi cream cheese filler 
Orange Blossom: simply didn't like it. Favor was off and left a weird after taste.
They all had a great soft and light flaky texture. They taste fresh but I was very disappointed by the SIZE! These seem a little smaller then the usual suspects I see at other places. Service was weird and disorganized. No one knew where the line started and everyone was ordered to go over to the register only to go back to where we were because he wouldn't be able to remember the order. Smh. It's ok because my server was very polite and quick.
Oh my Lemon Bar, ehhh, would have been better if there was more lemon favor and the crust had more of a buttery or crumb/cookie texture.Been here on a few occasions and since we were needing to satisfy our sweet tooth's in RH we settled on coming here for a coffee, guilty pleasure and a gossip fest. It was pretty crowded when we arrived so we grabbed up one of the last tables. 4 french style macaroons and a small coffee set me back 6.80 ( really) . Having been to Paris and eaten macaroons from Laudree and Pierre Herne I can fairly judge a good macaroon and these were pretty solid. The favorite of the bunch was probably the apricot. The salted carmel was a little too salty but great flavor non the less. If i was craving a good french pastry I would come back.
They offer small tarts, quite a few mini chocolate desserts and of course your standard french breakfast pastries.A great cafe with many classic French items. Their croissants are quite good (but metropolitan's are slightly better). The macaroons are probably the best you can find in the city (that doesn't mean they are the best macaroons) but I personally think are overrated in general. Okay macaroons are so great yes but can we move on to my personal favorite?
.....
Meil's chocolate brownies are possibly the best in the world. At around $2.00 my fudgey dense chocolate craving is completely satisfied. I compare all other brownies I ever try to this one and they don't come close, even my own.  These are the real deal. 
EnjoyThe macaroons deserve 5 stars.  They are phenomenal.  I adore this place.  The food is great and characteristically bistro.  I recently had the gazpacho which surprised me with an uncharacteristic smokiness of adobo chile.  Ultimately, I keep going back for the macaroons!I absolutely love this café. One of the very few French/Parisian cafés in Philadelphia. They have a great selection of cakes and pastries which look and smell amazing. They serve La Colombe coffee which is always a plus. The music is also a delightful bonus. I'm not sure what station they use but I'm assuming it's from Pandora since that's typically what most coffee shops use. Lastly, though it's small, I think it's a good size because that way it doesn't get overcrowded with people sitting inside which subsequently gets loud and noisy. It's just the right size with enough tables and chairs. And yes, they have wifi. I will be back here again... And again.This is a solid place for something you might not expect- lunch. They have lovely caprese sandwich on the bottom shelf when you first walk in.  Perfect for those days you want to eat in the park & dont want to stand in line at ahem, other sandwich places in the area.  i usually get a bottle of San Pellegrino Limonata to accompany it. i am ashamed to say i have never had more than a sample bite of their pastries but i have bought a loaf of day old bread for half off, which i wasn't impressed with since i am in love with metropolitan bakery's breads.I had two things.
Croissant and a cake that had 4 different types of mousses in it.
MY CROISSANT WAS COLD. hello? (my friend's croissant wasn't as she did not complain about it) but her opinion, just like mine, also states that THE CAKE WAS OLD.
OLD AND COLD. yes, these were the biggest adjectives for the items i had - not to mention that i went there at about 1030am.
I also asked for butter, and THEY SAID THAT THEY DONT GIVE OUT BUTTER BECAUSE THEIR BUTTER IS IMPORTED?! WTH?! 
I will never go back.
I think the owners need to take that 2 hour bus trip to NYC and eat at Bouchon. Yes, Thomas Keller is American, but god, Thomas Keller and his staff know how to make Croissants. And they dont serve croissants after 2pm (because at that point in time the croissants are not fresh anymore.)Only went for coffee and croissants (plain and pain au chocolat). Basics done well and both lattes and mochas were consistently good. Could offer more savory items for breakfast or French yogurt to make this place outstanding.Most certainly a little on the pricey side but decent quality....chocolates and pastries and sandwiches (which tend to go fairly quickly). I've tried to get a decent latte there but without luck. Stick with regular coffee or some of their other tasty fareI stopped in at Miel because I had some free time before I went to dinner and I was roaming around Walnut street. I feel pretty happy that I happened to find this place being from out of town.
First the decor and ambiance are fantastic. I have traveled to Paris several times and whoever designed Miel did an excellent job of recreating a Parisian pastry shop. The color and texture of the walls, the big mirrors, the giant cases holding the delcious treats, and my favorite detail the tables and chairs, terribly authentic. 
I enjoyed a single cappucchino made wet and a croisant. THe croissant was good flaky and buttery as it should be. The crust was a little tough but I attribute that to a pastry that has sat for a few hours. If you want good croissant it needs to be fresh, but it was truthfully a good croissant. The cappucchino was really good too I tend to like my cappucchinos with a little extra milk (or wet) and the girl did an excellent job of producing what I had for. 
Miel also has a fantastic assortment of drinks. Orangina, VitaCoco, Coke (in glass bottles!!) and a few others I can't recall unfortunately but remember being excited about. I also purchased one of each flavor of the macaroons and they were pretty good but a few of the flavors had some jam in them which made them a little too sugary and I would have liked a slightly more pronounced almond flavor, but their texture was spot on. 
Miel is a great place to get a quick snack and a drink or lounge a little longer and enjoy a pastry and sip on coffee. Next time I'm in Philly I will certainly make a trip there.Classic french pastries (i.e. delicious, rich and fattening) and coffee (La Columbe) in a relaxed jeans and sneakers serve-yourself-and-sit-down environment.  Okay New Yorkers, you want a comparison:  This is quite similar to Financier, Payard and Maison Kayser.  And I mean that in terms of flavor combinations (vanilla/rasberry, hazelnut/chocolate and citrus/cream.  Also, the "look" of the pastries are similar to the NY bakeries mentioned.  YES, this place is your fix for dessert after you've done your Rittenhouse Square shopping or --as I did-- went on a cheesesteak bender.  Yeah, it's a tad pricey.  But it's worth it.I love the French pastry at Miel!  As close to Paris as I've been able to find here in the Philly area.    The bouche de noel that I served at Christmas from their store had all my guest raving.  I stop by every time I'm in the city.Good ambience and pretty quiet. Good for a short coffee/tea break. 
Downside: the staff here are not very friendly and helpful. The marcaroons are crunchy and flaky which is unusual. Restroom is also a bit on the dirtier side.Awesome cafe and delicious chocolate treats. This is a great place to have a hand-made quick meal or enjoy individual chocolate treats. They also offer full size cakes. The chocolate varieties are several dozen.I've been here a few times and absolutely loved their pastries and macaroons. Unfortunately I had a run in with their service. Firstly, my macaroons I purchased as a gift, which I told the guy it's a gift and I need a box, obviously he didn't listen, he grabbed a bag and asked what I wanted, so I corrected him and he seemed unwillingly got a box. He got my macaroons and I got home and they were crushed... I don't even know how that happened? I took great caution taking it home. And I got home to check on it, sadly a few of the macaroons were crushed. So I had to get a different gift and waste more time. Secondly, I used a credit card to purchase my macaroons. All I got to do was hand the card over and sign. As soon as I finished signing the cashier snatched the receipt from me and didn't even thank me. I didn't get a chance to write the total down though, but I was fine with that, the shop was busy. As I look at my statement a few days later after that transaction cleared,  I realized that the cashier decided to give himself a little tip at my expense. I called the shop and the manager apologized and said that it must have been a mistake. Asked if I had a receipt and he would refund me. I said yes ( I kept the receipt bc I knew this was going to happen with how the employees treated me while I was there ). The manager said great, I will call you back later today. No phone call was ever returned. I called a few times and even stopped by the shop, he is unreachable. Be warned, look at your statement for credit card transactions at this place, even if the tip is not much, I don't think it's right for someone to give themselves one at customer's expense.
All in all, good pastries, bad service, questionable employee. I know not every one of their workers is bad, but that one Apple ruined the bunch for me.This is one of my absolute favorite places! Their pastries are amazing, but so are their birthday cakes and sandwiches too. I often go there to have coffee and pastries while working on my laptop. I blame Miel for putting on quite a few pounds! Haha! Recently I ordered a birthday cake for my husband and they did not disappoint. They listened to all my requests (it was a bit of a weird cake! lol) and not only met, but exceeded, my expectations. Service is always on point too. Really nice people and awesome food!This is our favorite spot in the city to grab some good coffee and pastries. My boyfriend loves the macaroons! I dont care for them much, but it is one of the top places that pulls up when you search for macaroons. I would totally recommend this to anyone who wants to sit down and people watch in t he city!I come here for the macarons. They're definitely some of the best I've ever had, always freshly baked and a lot of flavor options. 
Their iced tea is infused with some kind of floral ingredient which I think is rose? It was definitely unexpected the first time and not something I was used to in my tea. I don't think I've seen that any where and now that I've had flowers in my tea I consider myself spoiled and prefer it that way! 
Really nice quiet spot if you want to work too.My mom used to drive to Jersey to go here, and now I just walk a block and a half!
I like anything dense and chocolately. Only once or twice did I get something that tasted a tiny bit stale, but usually it's "right on the money." It's an experience, and I can't think of a place exactly like it around here.Bad service!!! 
I ordered a cake on which I needed the server to write happy birthday. 
It took him 20min even though the place was empty. He took the cake to the back and since I was waiting I wanted to see what he was doing. The guy was liking his fingers while he was writing on my cake. I dont even know if the cake is good but Im not sure Im gonna try it after what I saw.I really enjoy the food and desserts here. Some of the staff are really nice and prompt but others don't seem to communicate to eachother? I ordered food for myself and my partner. I was waiting for my order and noticed a crowd of people get served before us even though they came in afterwards. One very nice young lady helped me out to get the order to us, but she expressed that she had noticed us waiting at a table and had to find out our order. The girl who checked us out must not have communicated with the girl who served us. As someone who works in customer service in a small store--communication is key.
Also some of the workers are consistently polite, and others seem to really not want to be there. I get that the day job isn't fun, but I'm also just on my break trying to get away.Ahhh i love love love Miel. Amazing desserts and service. I live a few blocks away from this place and im a regular, never disappointed with the service or with their desserts. I highly recommend it.Service is VERY slow. Girls working the counter are nice; they just need more people working. Macarons are some of the best in philly with really good flavors. I recommend the seal salt caramel. Also, the sandwich I had was delciious on toasty bread with perfectly melted cheese. Somewhat pricey so I save it as a little treat every now and then. Will be back soon!I always have pleasant time here.
 Very good apricot jam cookie! Must try.
 Their macaroons are ok, but who cares if you can have the cookie.
 Their scone was good, but not amazing.
 I tried some yummy little cakes there. I liked tarts and napoleon looking cake.
 Their peach apricot tea smells heavenly, too.
 Good place to satisfy your sweet tooth.Only basing this on the coffee and the macarons. 
The macarons get a 0 from me. They had no flavor except bland buttercream. Even the ones like blueberry lemon that should have been bursting with flavor just tasted plain  very very very disappointing. Go to Audabon Bakery in Chinatown for the best macs I've ever had. 
My review gets redemption from their iced coffee and sweet employees. The coffee had one giant ice cube like what you get in a whiskey which was amazing. I've never had iced coffee served like that and was very please. 
Stop selling macs or get it together and figure out what you're doing to make them so flavorless.Walking down 17th st I spotted this place. I LOVE. macaroons so i walked in hoping they had some. When i walked in I greeted the cashier/only worker in the store and in return i got nothing. So I continued to walked down to see all the selections os pasties. I picked raspberry, strawberry, and piña colada. Paid for my goodies and left. Walking down the street I decided to eat them. My first pick was the raspberry...eh. I went to pick the strawberry and I noticed she gave me the wrong one. Then the last one smh just throw the whole cafe in the trash. The whole experience wouldn't have been bad if she wasn't rude when I first walked in. The raspberry taste like jarred jam the strawberry was rose i think but that was horrible and the pina colada was horrible taste like card bored. I've been to france and have had the best of the best I definitely don't recommend this place for macaroons but the pastries might be good. And you guys should probably give the cashier lady some lessons on customer service.I've had macarons from a number of sources, including Laduree. The two flavors I love are vanilla and pistachio. My favorites are the ones from Miel Patisserie. They are larger, more flavorful, and altogether delightful. While I'm not sure if they're authentic, I find that I prefer the taste of Miel. I also love their fruit tarts!
The #1 suggestion that I have (and the reason I'd give them 3 1/2 stars): the policy about the number of macarons a customer has to purchase before getting a box needs to change. I rarely want more than 4-6 to take home, because they'll get stale if you don't eat them within a day or so. However, when you put six macarons in a waxed bag, by the time they reach my home in NW Philly, they're pretty banged up and broken. The only time this doesn't happen is if my best friend is visiting, and split 10-12 between us. Seems a bit like selling eggs without any kind of carton at all.
This is not the policy of other similar shops, such as Laduree in NYC -- they have boxes specifically designed for smaller orders. Even if you have to add some kind of a surcharge for orders under a dozen, it's just a nice gesture and would even serve as a marketing tool.
Until then, I've decided the next time I'm hanging out in Rittenhouse Square, I'll be bringing my Laduree boxes to protect my Miel macarons! Can't wait to return!I experienced a dessert here called the 'Marjolaine' and I have not been the same since.  In a word, magnifique!  I subsequently tried the 'Naughty Monkey,' the creme brulee and in a little while, the flourless chocolate cake.   They do everything right, including outstanding customer service.  The only thing better than this would be feasting on a  Marjolaine in Paris.The only  place I've found in the area with fabulous French macarons!
SO happy to have found this place - I LOVE French Macarons and normally I go crazy when I'm in Montreal and buy way too many. Now that I've found a local source, I can treat myself whenever I feel like it!
I favor the fruity flavors as the filling in the vanilla and salted caramel and the like just taste like unsweetened frosting to me. So go for Blueberry, Strawberry, Raspberry! and ENJOY!Are you a macaron fan? Yes? Don't dare come here!
The macarons are hard (tasted stale). They crumble and break when you bite into them. As a self proclaimed macaron expert, I know they should be on the softer side and melt in your mouth. Some flavors are a bit inventive (blueberry, lime margarita, piña colada), others literally taste like nothing.Expensive - but you get what you pay for - decadent treats at Miel.  Not a place for an "everyday coffee" - although some will beg to differ - but I love the mini-sized cakes and tarte tatin that is old-school elegant in the true (vraiment) French tradition.
Bonne chance!Miel Patisserie is in a weird, but perfect spot. It always seems to be super hustle and bustle outside, inside however is a whole different story. It is both quiet and elegant with fancy decor and a sweet water dispenser for cheapos who don't want to pay for a fancy coffee. 
I like their sandwiches though. They are satisfying in size and taste. They even come with chips! I tried a couple macaroons. They look like colorful little burgers, but defff on the sweeter side! They are NOT cheap, but that should be no surprise. They are fancy, HELLO!
All in all, I would still go here again just to sit and have a sandwich. I prefer to sit by the front window because you can have privacy and some really good rays come in on your face in the morning. That makes me feel rechargeddddddwhat a great find in philly! it has a wide selection of pastries and the decor is a beautiful french setting
i was shopping on walnut and stopped by here for a lil caffeine energy boost, so i got a latte, its alright~ now if they include latte art, i'll be here every time i shop on walnut
as we all know, philly isn't nyc so its nice to see something not chain for once, i enjoyed the change in routine instead of just going to starbucks all the timeA couple of visits to Miel, has it left me wanting...Yes. Have they dissapointed to the point, that I'm not going back...No. 
What can you say, if a place is good, you gotta give it credit. One note on the service: It fluctuates depending on who is there. When certain people are there, you can tell the caliber of service is at another level. Explains some of the reviews you read...
Long story short: I am a fan. First french passteria in Philly I've been to. Are there any more???
Opera, tiramisu, choclate salted carmel treat (pass on it), The meil sandwich...yum! Melted brie, how could it not be Yum? So if you haven't been , you should definitely check it out. Great place to catch up with a friend or two(no more please or there will be no more seats left for me). Be prepared for a small space. Lots of fascinating convos to be overheard...j/k.