Great place. You order at the counter and then get a seat, if one's available. You can't claim a seat before ordering. Got two specials: the divorced eggs and tres leches pancakes. The eggs were very good and the pancakes were great. Portions are generous. They take LevelUp.They had a "Caribbean pulled pork sandwich" as a special, and my goodness, it was heavenly. I've been here four times now, and I haven't been disappointed once! It's always delicious, and the service is fantastic (at least while I've been here at 2pm or later).
The pulled pork must've been a lunch special because they put out a different specials menu after 5pm. I asked about it (after seeing it on their Instagram), and the cashier asked the chef if he could still make one (which he did). I can't think of many places that would do this. I'd usually be told it's not available. I always tip a little extra here despite there not technically being waiters.
I've only had lunch and dinner here, and the portions are very generous for the price (and they have free water). I'll continue to return.I found this place last minute because the place I wanted to go to was closed on Mondays. I mostly picked this place because they have alot of avocados on the menu. This is such a cute place, well decorated and made it feel like you were home. The service was excellent. The cashier and the waiter was super nice and friendly and was very attentive!
So you walk in the door, and you walk to the counter, order your food and then they will give you a number. You get to pick your own seat and they will bring your food to you! There is a big board with the menu in the front for you to look at.
I had the avocado blt with a side of fries. OMG the sandwich was HUGE! I paid 14$ and it was so worth it, I could only eat a small half. The bread was delicious! The bacon was cooked a little too much, so it was hard and it was hard to bite into the sandwich, but it could also be that I couldn't fit the whole thing in my mouth anyway. The avocado was really good, it was like not mushy like alot of places. 
My friend had a hot chocolate and miles burger. She finished the whole thing. She liked it. She even said that it wasn't greasy than it looked. (Might just be how the bread looks). 
I'd totally go back here. In fact, I'm bringing my boyfriend back. :)Me and my friends have come here a couple times for brunch when the wait at Honey's is too long and we might just start coming here right away from now on. Good food and great service and atmosphere. Reasonable prices and if you get there 10-10:30 usually no wait at all on weekends!went here today for brunch and have nothing but good things to say. Everyone in our group loved their food and the owner went the extra mile to make sure we enjoyed our meal. Place gets much more crowded by 11 am. Larger groups should go before then as it's a pretty small place.Got the shrimp and grits - loved it! Really cool combination with the guac on the side. Cool place, reasonable prices. Can be quite noisy at times but all in all, good as a brunch placeA solid option for breakfast, sandwiches, or a light meal. They also have GF options, thank you! But the service always feels a bit short-staffed.One of my new favourite eateries!
Miles is the perfect place to go anytime of the day.  Breakfast? Lunch? Dinner? Snack? Consistently delicious and fresh every time with a fantastic, health conscious menu.  The interior is cute, servings are huge, and the prices are great-- definitely a good place to have a casual meal with friends.  Bonus points for being a BYO and next door to MAGPIE.Came here for Sunday brunch and loved the ambience - it was a cute space with a nice interior. You grab a table and go up to order at the cashier. A lot of great options for lovers of both sweet and savory brunch. 
Had the creme brûlée French toast with fresh berries on top. It was delicious and not too sweet, topped w powdered sugar and a fresh whipped cream as well as a side of syrup. 
Also tried the Mexican breakfast burrito which was jam packed with sausage, cheese, beans, peppers, and all sorts of yum. 
Overall lovely atmosphere and great food!Now I've only been to Miles Table for brunch, but I have been twice! The great thing about Miles Table is the casual atmosphere and the delicious food. You order at the counter, they give you a number and then you are free to post up anywhere. Both times I've gotten lucky and I've been able to eat outside. They have three tables outside that are perfectly shaded by a tree. Perfect for brunch! *** ALSO NOTE IT IS BYOB***
The first time I went I had the bagel and lox. I feel like this is a staple and it was good here. I enjoyed it though it didn't blow me away. Then again, I think it's pretty hard to take such a basic and really blow people away.... HOWEVER....
The second time I had the huevos rancheros and WHOA. It blew me away. The meal looked like a masterpiece and the portion was huge. It was phenomenal! It was almost too pretty to eat! (Ah who am I kidding I was so enticed that I didn't even have time to snap a picture before my fork was in it). It did not disappoint and I would certainly suggest it to any friends who make the stop to Miles Table!My friend and I enjoyed a fantastic meal at Miles Table and I can't wait to return! Given that it was half-price-burger-day, I felt the need to give the falafel burger a shot. It was delicious! I'm not always a falafel fan, but this "burger" was awesome. The brioche bun was the perfect consistency and the portion of fries was plentiful. My friend enjoyed the cobb salad (though she requested balsamic dressing instead of buttermilk and she received buttermilk). The restaurant is quaint and has ample seating. While you order at the counter, our "server" (I believe her name was Sarah) was fantastic and made sure we had everything we needed. Overall, this is a great spot and I will be back soon...I may have to make it a weekly lunch staple!Great food and the staff were very kind.  The only reason it was not a 5 star experience was due to having to go to the counter to get additional coffee.  The hash was phenomenal and tasted so fresh with the Brussels sprouts, shrimp, sunny side up eggs, and chorizo.  This was one of the best tasting breakfasts I have had in some time, and coming from dc where everyone is a brunch expert means a lot!I've been here twice, and I'm a fan with plans to return. The egg and avocado on toast was delicious, as was the omelet I had yesterday. They have good espresso and (relatively) freshly squeezed orange and grapefruit juices. Service is friendly, accommodating, and reasonably fast. On a nice Sunday, sitting outside on the sidewalk is surprisingly peaceful, even though it's right on South Street. 
I'd give five stars if they offered a few vegan options; then it would be truly perfect.Food was excellent. Shrimp and grits, Huevos, waffle all fantastic. They serve LaColombe coffee, absolute  best in my opinion.Great place for a casual brunch or lunch.
Ordering is cafeteria style: you order at the counter, pay, and they bring your food to the table. I love this, since you'll never be finished and waste time waiting for the check, on figuring out who owes what, for a waiter to collect your cash and cards, and wait for slips to sign. Also, if you're unfortunate to be friends with heathens who never put in their fair share of the bill, you're not stuck forking over extra to cover them (if you still do, either drop them or get some friends together for an intervention or something.)
Even though ordering is cafeteria style, service doesn't end the moment they drop your plate off at your table. My water was always full and I never had to longingly stare at a waiter to get their attention. Staff were friendly and casual, but still professional.
I've only been here once, so the only thing I've tried was the falafel burger. Once I breached the crisp crust of the falafel, there was a flavor explosion in my mouth. It was great, reasonably portion, and well priced. My friends were satisfied with their food, too.
I'll be coming back to try other dishes and I'll bring more people, so I can sample their food, too.I go here for lunch a few times a month. Their Wednesday burger deal (half price) is amazing. The burger is perfect! They have a great variety of specials and their normal menu is all very good. Some favorites are the turkey guacamole club, the burger of course, the Kennett square pizza, omelettes, and the Cobb salad.Really great breakfast spot, especially because they serve breakfast till 5pm! At Miles Table, you order at the counter and pick a spot to sit. All of the dishes are reasonably priced and enticing, though potentially nap-inducing as well. 
The sriracha turkey sausage might be my new favorite thing. It's almost like a hamburger patty, but is crispier, more savory, and has a hint of sriracha in every bite. It's a must. The home fries on their own are pretty good, and they have a chipotle mayo-like sauce that goes really well with them. The eggs and multigrain toast that completed my dish were also enjoyable. I'd be surprised if anyone left here not having had a pleasant meal.Modern look, cozy feeling, parking on the street. 
I enjoyed my brunch at this place. Food was fresh, tasty and not too overly creative. Portions are quite generous.
Gluten Free & Vegetarian friendly!!! 
They offer bread and buns that are gluten free, as well vegan protein substitutes.So the food here is awesome! This is a tremendous place for brunch/lunch. The food is creative and puts a fun spin on brunch food. I had the divorced eggs a few times and think this is a really tasty dish. Its set up so that you pay for your food at the counter, but you sit at a table and it has the ambiance of a busy restaurant. The outdoor seating is nice in the summer. It can get a little busy/loud on Saturdays.the service and food at miles table is great.  there is no waitress service, but that keeps the bill lower than usual.  the lady at the front counter is always friendly and quaint...service with a smile at this south street joint.
came here with the sissy the other weekend and ordered the smoked fish plate...awesome!!  i will return and recommend highly.At first I was concerned cause there was a small line at the counter and only 1 guy working it.
But he was very efficient and friendly.
We sat outside and he brought us ice water and the food took only about 10 minutes.
The food was great! We had a variety of breakfast meals and an a avocado kale salad.
Will definitely return.Stumbled into here on a sunny weekend morning after playing a round of Yelp roulette with the "near you" feature. What a great find! The food here was hearty, delicious and fresh. I had the sausage and egg brioche - two delicious slabs of hot buttered brioche toast, stacked with sriracha turkey sausage, blue cheese, fried eggs and arugula. It was perfect. 
This may be an odd comment, but it's a shame this place doesn't have a catchier name. It's a bit off the beaten path as it is, and the name is so generic that it doesn't really stick in your head. I kept trying to remember "that place from the other weekend" when talking about it recently.Very affordable and amazing food. I had the ropa vieja and the short rib was so moist and flavorful on recommendation of one of the waiters. My friend's eggplant parm was huge and so good he said. Definitely shareable portions. The empanadas were crispy and Cobb salad was super fresh. The food came out in less than ten minutes piping hot and it was a Stellar and affordable meal!!It's okay.  I've mainly frequented Miles Table on their half-price burger day (Wednesdays).  The falafel burger is pretty tasty and the fries are a-okay.
I can't say I like to come here any other full-priced day, though.  Most of the menu falls into the not-so-good value and I could've made it better at home category. I got an omelette here recently, and it was fairly overcooked and dry. Don't want to sound too harsh, but if I had to sum up the menu, I'd call it, "overpriced hipster".My boyfriend and I shared the chicken and waffles and carnitas benedict. It was delicious! The chicken was lightly breaded and fried to perfection. Crunchy without a thick crust - ideal for the waffle pairing. Overall recommend for a tasty brunch, but get there early. We got there shortly after they opened and by the time we were leaving the place was packed!I sat down for lunch here about a week ago with an old colleague of mine, and it was a really pleasant experience. For a weekday lunch, it was the perfect place to have a conversation and grab a delicious salad. Seriously, their salads are unbeatable. Fresh, huge servings, and great recommendations from the employee helping us. It's a bit of a walk from my workplace but I think it's worth the trek on days when I have a bit of extra time.Such a great experience my friend and I have shared here at Miles Table! The interior, how they decorate this small place, how well organized and friendly the staff is, the food (!!!), everything was outstanding!! Rika ordered Shrimp and Grits. I ordered Tuscan Gnocchi with grill shrimp, and both were excellent. Enough to make you full, and still very light and healthy. My tuscan gnocchi was creamy but not heavy at all. What a gem! Will definitely come back to check out other items on the menuLove this cute, casual, quick & easy spot! You order and pay at the counter, and then the food is brought to your table. Delicious and hearty portion sizes. They also deliver - super convenient. My favorite is the falafel burger; the salads are yummy too. Fun fact: it's also BYOB!Went here for brunch. Absolutely delicious and not too expensive. I had the apricot French toast and would highly recommend it if you have a sweet tooth.Order up front then food is served to you at the table. Beautiful, clean, and modern looking restaurant. Wide assortment of burgers, burritos and brunch food. Very generous portions. Had the guapo burrito. Normally hate beans but their black bean sauce is so savory and delicious. Loaded with egg and chorizo, and served wet. Great experience.love
Love this place. Not very big but cozy, clean and bright.
Turkey club is huge and my friend's  burger is perfectly cooked. Unbeatable price for the quality of food. I will check it out again in weekends . I do want to try Brunch menu next time!! 5 stars!I went here yesterday with my friend and I loved what I ordered.  I had the berry pancakes and they honestly were the best pancakes I've ever had.  My friend ordered a kale salad to try something new, but she ordered before I arrived.  I would have told her that kale is naturally bitter. So, we can't give a fair review of the salad.  The staff was nice.  The restaurant was clean.  The only downside for me was that it was PRETTY tight in there.  I would come back again.I came here with my dad because they were having grilled cheese specials for National Grilled Cheese Day - we shared two, one which had caramelized onion/goat cheese and one which had arugula, truffle, and something else I can't remember. I think it was a special menu just for that day, but the sandwiches were so good, and only $3 each! We also shared some tomato soup and a biscotti. All very good. 
It was my first time coming here, and I was really impressed overall! Everything on the menu sounded awesome - breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We saw another table get a salad, which looked delicious. I definitely want to come back to try more things - it looks like an especially great brunch place. 
The people working there were really nice as well. Such a good experience.I have been here several times over the last few years and have had wonderful service & food every time I've been here. Far and away my favorite brunch place in the area.Down in Philly for the night. Had to pick a hot spot for breakfast. So went along with the fantastic Yelp reviews and very interesting menu. 
We went with the avocado toast and made our own omelette with a side of Miles siracha turkey sausage. It was a Wednesday morning at 10am and we had the place to ourselves. 
Clean, fresh and different is how I would sum it up. Somehow the turkey sausage ended up in my omelette and on the side. Glad it did. Better in the omelette. A bit dry on the side. Items were fresh and delish. Usually order without the potatoes but forgot. Again glad I did because they were super as well. Salty crisp with a hint of bacon.  I like my toast crisper but yummy nonetheless. 
All I can say is this is an understated place with fresh fare with a flair. Give it a try for breakfast for sure.You order your food first and then they bring the food to your table... food was decent.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  Good if you're hungry and in the neighborhoodLove Love Love this place and the block that it sits on.
My crew and I have ventured here more than once for the half price burgers on Wednesdays. Its pretty much the best deal in the city. The falafel burger is so fuggin good and comes with fries all for under $6.00 ( on burger wednesday). Service is usually a little slow but still good. The atmosphere is clean, calm ( unless the hoards of south st moms all come in with their strollers and shit) and chill.
I highly recommend this place for brunch or a quick lunch. 
They are BYOB and take level up.This is a neighborhood business that cares about its customers.
We ordered Miles Table via Caviar tonight. 
Caviar called within minutes to let us know that the restaurant was out of baby back ribs (a $16.00 dish). They asked if they could get us anything else. We had ordered three other items, all $11.00 or less. We decided not to order anything else. In about 30 minutes the order was at our door. Our very sweet and apologetic Caviar delivery driver said "The restaurant apologized and of course took the ribs off the bill. They also included a short rib dish they thought you might enjoy- at no charge." 
The short rib dish is a $19.00 dish (which they sent on the house)... And delicious.
I don't say this because I'm obsessed with price- I say it because I'm obsessed with good service and Miles Table went above and beyond. Enough to make me write my first Yelp review.  Anyway- food was terrific, but the service makes me more than a fan it makes me a cheerleader. This is a neighborhood business that cares about its customers.The turkey burger is to die for. Actually, everything I have ever had here has been exceptionally delicious. I have been here multiple times and it always feels homey and comfortable, and the food is always amazing. One of my favorite spots to grab lunch in Philly. EVER. Highly recommend.Atmosphere -  It's a bit hard to describe other than saying it's a nicer counter service BYOB. It's still pretty casual as there were children at neighboring tables. I do think the place is viewed as more of a breakfast and lunch place, though, as the restaurant during Friday night dinner was a bit slow.
Service - Even though it's a counter service place we only ordered at the counter. When we sat down, people brought our food and cleared our plates. They also refilled our water and collected our empty wine bottles (there were four diners and two bottles). The guy who was working handled everything well.  I also believe he had the whole place to cover himself. I can't imagine what it would be like for him if the restaurant was busy. As good as can be expected. Major points on the service front. 
Food - The food is delicious. We had the special Thai Chicken Dumplings. Lightly fried with a good portion of meat stuffed inside. Between the four of us, we got two filets and two burgers coincidentally. Everything was superb. HOWEVER, my steak was ordered medium and when the server put it down he even said medium but as you can see from the picture, it was well done. The meat was still very good and so were the brussels sprouts that came with it. The burger was fantastic. One in our party even commented that it may be the best burger he's ever add (sidenote: he added a fried egg on top of it). 
Overall - A great experience and I highly recommend. It's a shame they overcooked the filet otherwise it would've been five stars all the way. I look forward to returning and trying something different.
Points for: Service, burger
No points: Overcooked filet.I went to lunch here with a few friends today and had the chicken and waffles. It was amazing! Huge fan of chicken and waffles and this surpassed every expectation I had. Kudos to them and their amazing friendly staff for such an incredible experience. I will surely be back soon.Came here for brunch as a group of four, and we were not disappointed! I love that it's a fast and casual restaurant, so you can quickly go about your day. We ordered the sausage and egg brioche sandwich, smoked fish plate, and two of their brunch specials: huevos rancheros and the divorced eggs. Ordering was a breeze, and a pitcher of water sat before us seconds after we sat down. While the breakfast sandwich and smoked fish plate were regular-sized, the two brunch specials were ogre-sized! Definitely look for those if you are pretty hungry. 
My sandwich was fantastic. Great flavor, and just enough bites to satiate my hunger. Given the near empty plates from my group, I think we did pretty well with ourselves!
With great food, quick service, and reasonable prices, I think I will frequent this place more often!
Forgot it was BYO, but will remember for next time!If you're looking for a fresh, tasty, healthy, and affordable meal, this is the place! 
Greens with goat feta and candied pecans was perfectly dressed and incredibly delicious. Avacado BLT hit the spot. My girlfriend and I split each plate - just the right mix. Chocolate moose and chocolate chip cookie topped it all off!
Service was very nice, and helpful in choosing between the great options. Family owned and run - owners are very friendly too. Great local place! We'll definitely be back!The best breakfast I've had in a long time. I had the "mother and son", a pulled chicken enchilada with two eggs on top. It was just the perfect way (with a double espresso, of course) to start the day.This was a nice find. I ordered the Miles burger which was amazing, my boyfriend had chicken and waffles and he was not a fan. 
We brunched, but would love to come back for the dinner menu. The food came out fast and the service was great! This restaurant is BYOB and priced well and was within walking distance of the train station. 
We will be back!Really good! I had a quick dinner there and it was great. I had a grilled cheese on multigrain with avocado and pickles!!Food was on point, had the rib and eggs special & the dulce the leche French toast. The French toast wasn't too sweet which was good. The food came out fast too, loved It.So excited about this new spot! The food is really delicious--I tried the Kale Salad with Grilled Chicken and it was truly tasty. The staff is incredibly attentive and kind and the music playing is REALLY good. Honestly for a moment I felt I was in a coffee shop in San Francisco or LA. They've gotta work out a couple kinks with their pricing of extras like soy milk or extra grilled chicken but other than that the place is amazing. I'll definitely be coming back as often as possible.I came here on a Friday afternoon, after the cafe next door informed me they were out of avocados! I came here in hope I could get my daily fix of avocado toast, and this restaurant did just that. This small, sit down cafe is amazing for breakfast, brunch and even dinner. The ambience is very calming and the staff is very accommodating. There iced coffee is brewed at La Colombe (a coffee shop routed in Philadelphia) and is so tasty!! I would definitely come back here again for the affordable brunch and beautiful decorations. The location is perfect and the street has beautiful murals leading up to the cafe.Deelish!  What an excellent restaurant!  Gluten-free friendly and incredibly tasty!  Can't beat it!  Customer service is outstanding!Came here during the week for breakfast around 9:30am. It was empty. You order and pay at the counter. My sister and I both ordered iced coffees (they have soy milk!) and avocado toast... Amazing. Delicious. Perfect. Fresh. Filling. 
Good prices. Cute cafe.I had a quick 15 minutes before I had to run off to work, figured I could finally try out Miles! I've walked by a on the weekends before and it looks so busy -- so I'm glad I finally got the chance to try today.
Only enough time for a quick bite so I opted for 2 eggs over easy, multigrain toast, and home fries, all for less than $6 (although Philadelphia menu pages says its $6.50+tax ) Eggs were cooked perfectly, and home fries were nice and crispy. Simple dish though, so I'd like to go back to try some of their other stuff -- eyeing that falafel burger ..
Also I am one lucky duck -- came on a day they were doing a food photo shoot, aw hell yeah. The owner was very nice -- gave me complimentary cauliflower , whitefish bagel, and margherita pizza because he didn't want it to go to waste. He did the same for another customer that came in just for a cup of Joe. 
- The Cauliflower reminded me of sweet and sour chicken, that kind of spice/flavor -- so  hey if you're a vegan or vegetarian craving that taste, this is a perfect appetizer for you
- Whitefish bagel is good -- it's all about simple, fresh ingredients. Toasted bagel, tomato, lettuce, red onion and whitefish
I haven't gotten to the pizza yet.. soon on my lunch break!
Will be back based on the service and the other tasty items I got to try. Thanks guys!Yumm so delicious. This spot is great for brunch, tons of options. They have a steady menu plus lots of specials on a board near the register. I recommend any of the tea choices, empanadas and the carnitas Benedict (lots of meat!). Service was speedy and the spot is really cute and trendy.Came here with 3 friends Monday morning (July 4th). Service was very fast and friendly. Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the food was above average. I got the carnitas + eggs and the pork was a bit dry. My friend got the guapo burrito which he said was excellent. Above all the food was good but nothing too spectacular.Amazing and creative breakfasts. Special board is what to pay attention to..red velvet waffles with cream cheese frosting! Best Huevos Rancheros I have every had and the coffee was great to boot!  Nice modern space but very casual and relaxed.Miles isn't that good. 
I ordered a cheeseburger...a 12 dollar cheeseburger no less, named after the establishment. Not only was it was the greasiest burger I've ever experienced (the bun was soaked) it was WAY undercooked. I put the overall taste at a 6.5. Miles doesn't offer table service. Only a free-for-all to find seats in a super tight environment after you order your food in the back. There are waiters though to refill your drinks or help you out in any way. The friendly service is the only thing keeping this from a one star review.The food here is amazing.  I recommend getting take out as opposed to eating there.  It gets very loud when full and there is limited space.  I recently had the potato leek waffle, which was a brunch special, and it was delicious.  The waffle was fluffy but filling.  I have never had a savory waffle before, but I hope they add this to the permanent menu.I really really like Miles Table. It's my new brunch spot as some other neighborhood places have been disappointing lately. And it opens early on weekends, 8am I think, which is great because a lot of bar brunches don't start service till 10ish. 
The food is fantastic, I have had breakfast and lunch there. One time I ordered lunch to go, cobb salad and butternut squash soup. It was busy in there so when I grabbed my bag I just got out of there. I got home to find a BLTA(avacado) instead of the salad but I wasn't even mad because that things was delicious. 
The only thing is, it's a little tight in there. Depending on what time, there's usually a line, not really space for people to wait for take-out. 
Overall, this is a crowd pleaser. Definitely my go-to for out of town guests and for a solo lunch.This restaurant with simple yet delicious dishes. It's a great combo between sit down and a quick bite. You order at the counter and if you are staying there to dine they will bring your food out, or you can take it to go. 
For brunch/ breakfast, I love the avocado toast and Omelette. Coffee is okay, nothing special. It's BYOB which is nice, and they have a pretty good selection of meals for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
Overall, a great stop if you're looking for simple, tasty and not too fancy meals.Went here for lunch today.  Medium sized space but perfect for lunch with my main squeeze :). She had the carnitas tacos and I had the Cuban sandwich.  Both were nice size plates and most importantly the food was delicious.  Will definitely be back to try the breakfast options.Miles Table is a neighborhood gem. 
We went again last night, after I had gotten my heart set on having a burger (specifically at half price, since it was Wednesday).  Of course, upon arrival we were informed that Miles Table had run completely out of burgers for the evening (every kind - falafel, regular, and turkey). NOOOOO!!!!! I was so bummed out. Granted, we had arrived at 8:15 just prior to closing, so I suppose I was partially to blame.  I will be the first in line next Wednesday for a burger, though. The upshot is that at least we know the burgers must generally be pretty fresh and they're restocking their food frequently, which beats the alternative.
We ended up splitting the chicken ciabatta. They were also out of ciabatta, so we had ours on a whole grain roll, but it was really fantastic so no complaints there. Like everything else at Miles Table, the chicken ciabatta was on point.  I will say that it took a lot of willpower to not order the Molly Kale Salad (aka the best salad in all of Philadelphia), but we weren't that hungry and wanted to broaden our horizons. It was worth it! 
Bonus points for the staff at Miles Table who is always extremely friendly. I've never had brunch here and I'm not sure what I've been waiting for, because dinner always really hits the spot.
I would just like to add, as a side note, that I don't understand people who complain about burger add-on's not being included as part of the half price burger special on Wednesdays here. Things like avocados don't come cheap, and I'd be hard pressed to believe anyone could make a fully loaded burger for $5-6 at home.WHY HAVEN'T I BEEN EATING HERE EVERY DAY?!
Went in for lunch with a group of friends and was greeted by a relaxed and casual decor.  The chalkboard menus whisper to you the various epicurean delights that await your salivating palate.  There is something for everyone here, provided your tongue has a taste for adventure.
I had a turkey burger with extra bacon and avocado and an exquisite chipotle mayonnaise.  It was so good that I wanted to roll around in it, but then that means that I wouldn't have been able to eat it...
Warm and helpful staff, great ambiance and inviting environment.
Treat yourself my friends, to a seat at Miles Table.Very cozy place. They only have few on menu, which is fine. Our order came out fast, that's great because we were soooooo hungry!It's not the most pleasant experience here, and I can't quite understand anyone giving this place more than two stars. The food is OK--some things better than others, though I've gotten some truly clunker dishes in my visits there. I mean to the point that I've had to send things back because they were just bad. This is something I have just about never done anywhere else. Some of the rest of the food I've had there--mostly for breakfast--has been not bad.
The problem is the service and management. People working there, while not intentionally rude, I don't think, end up being incredibly inattentive and disorganized, because there is clearly no decent training or organizing going on at this place. It's not understaffed--if anything it's strangely overstaffed, with about five people behind the counter all frantically trying to do the same thing. 
So the result is that you can go in and stand there for several minutes while the staff whizzes about ignoring you. The atmosphere is indeed "casual" in the sense that no one is wearing a suit and tie to this place (it looks basically like an office cafeteria), but the anxious service and loud chatter in the small echoing room doesn't feel casual at all. 
Like many places in this area of Philly, there are a lot of couples around my age showing up with their toddlers and infants in strollers--especially for Sunday brunch (when it's hard to find a table anywhere). I'm not here to complain about people's unattended children or screaming babies-everyone can have their own opinions about bringing their little ones to restaurants. But just know that this is an especially "family friendly" place, so if you don't react well to the room filled with kids going to eleven, Miles Table is definitely not for you. I have my own and am used to it.
Overall, you have many better choices in the area. My first review was forgiving, since they had just opened, but until they hire a competent manager and waitstaff that knows to show customers that they give at least one, um, buck, they're going to rate low for me there.Made a return visit here....had Carnita Benedict, which was basically pulled pork over poached eggs.  Delicious.   Their specials are amazing.I love this place!  The food is great and they are constantly rotating specials if you want to switch it up.  I go there about once a week and have never had a bad experience.  Everyone that works there is super friendly!Came here for dinner on a Thursday with our 2 year old daughter. They were very sweet with her, and I don't know what they put in the scrambled eggs but she devoured the entire plateful. Hubby got the tuna melt and I got the fish tacos, both were huge portions and delicious. Prices were just right for a week night treat out.Judging solely on breakfast this place is great. I'd have given it 5 stars was the dining room not super cold... Fresh, healthy and interesting options. Avocado toast was delicious and grapefruit juice large for its price and freshly squeezed. Will definitely be making this place a staple weekend favourite.We stopped in for brunch the other morning. I had the divorced eggs...AWESOME! (Not quite sure why they call them that, but I'll make sure to ask next time.) The eggs were cooked perfectly, their salsa was super tasty, and I loved the pickled onions on top - great add! The side of potatoes was really tasty, too. We'll definitely make sure we go back to try other items on the menu. This place is a winner!Don't be scared away by the line. It moves fast and the food is worth it! Came here on a Sunday for brunch around 11 am and walked into almost no empty tables. But as we waited in line, tables slowly cleared up and my friend and I were able to grab a table pretty easily. Several groups of 4 and even 6 were seated, so it's possible. We ordered at the front and the food was brought to us in less than 10 minutes, even on such a busy day! 
OMG, the divorced eggs. Who knew that simple things like salsa roja y verde, tortillas, cheese, and eggs could make something so delightful? If you like eggs and typically order items like eggs Benedict, hold your urge to order the ordinary and go for the extraordinary. - 11/10.
Now regarding the rest of the meal: avocado toast, black coffee, latte. The avocado toast was exactly what I expected with toast, sliced avocados and a whopping serving of scrambled eggs on top. A little dash of salt and a side of ketchup brought this dish to a solid 7.5/10.  Black coffee - 7/10, Latte - 6/10. 
This particular Sunday morning brunch wasn't a poppin' bottles kinda brunch, but I will keep this place in mind when I'm in the BYO kinda mood.I cannot say enough good things about Miles Table! First, I am so excited that they are located about a block away from my house. My absolute favorite thing there is the avocado BLT. It is huge and delicious. It comes with a side of their homemade chips. I crave this sandwich all of the time. My second favorite is their Miles burger. It's perfection! It comes with a side of fries that are like the Belgian frites you get at other places. Skinny and crispy. I usually take out but I have eaten in and it's been great. You order at the counter and take a seat. Then one of the lovely workers brings you your food. Jen, who works there, does an amazing job. She is so organized and pleasant. They should be so glad to have someone so competent on their staff. They have a huge array of different beverages including fresh brewed iced tea. Plus, they have delicious desserts. I've tried the rice pudding and the bread pudding. Both were very tasty! Check this place out. It's casual and friendly. A great place to hang out and have a great meal. Oh, and it's BYOB!Great place to eat breakfast! 
Nice service and really good food. 
We will come again!I very much enjoyed this place for brunch. I came here on a busy Sunday and we were lucky enough to get the last available table for 4. This is a small spot with less than 15 tables. However, service is quick and great. We had to place our orders at the counter, but the food was served to our table. The food came out within 10 minutes. I ordered the Divorced Eggs rancheros on special. My fiancé ordered the turkey avocado club. Our meals were delicious. My meal was tasty and spicy. There were very nice flavors. The prices were good and the portions were very reasonable.  My friend ordered the El Guapo breakfast burrito and his girlfriend ordered an omelette. They both really enjoyed their meals. I also ordered a cappuccino, which was delicious.  It became very packed as we were leaving, and I totally get the hype. I will be back!On Wednesdays, Miles does a 1/2 off burger deal. Seemed like the right incentive  to get me over there.  Order at the counter and your meal is brought to you. Outdoor seating is available and it is BYOB.
The traditional ground chuck Miles Burger comes on a brioche with applewood bacon, remoulade, cheddar, lettuce, and tomato with fries on the side for $12.50. The real disappointing catch with the half off deal is that all of the super fun adds on are NOT included. Add ins like bacon, mushrooms, avocado, fried egg and another $1.50 and mushroom, caramelized onion, and roasted pepper are $1 each.  So once you add things to make it more than just a plain burger, the savings greatly decrease. But the burger patty was big and cooked almost to the medium rare requested. Fries were good; thin and crispy, with standard ketchup to dip them in.
I had the falafel burger, which comes with tahini, lettuce, tomato, and feta, regularly $9.50. Again the feta was not included in the half off, but I felt it was necessary to have it on top.  I liked the crispy outside, mushy inside  texture and chickpea flavor. As far as non-meat burgers go, I think I prefer a more carrot plus greens taste, but this has a certain appeal
It does appear to be Wednesday, the deal is all day, and while it might not be the super bargain I was hoping for, you can save a few dollars. So, if you are in the mood for a "neighborhood" burger today, this could be the place.3.5 stars because it's a great place for a fresh breakfast where you will NOT feel stuffed, heavy and greased out after eating, but it didn't leave me any temptations to desperately come back. But when I was almost It is definitely one of my top choices now if I'm in the mood for a clean and refreshening brunch/lunch meal. If you're looking for a carb-full brunch, Miles may not be the right choice. 
I got one of the specials I think. It was a turkey sandwich lots of everything of turkey, avocdao, tomatoes bacon, lettuce. 4 huge thick sandwiches, each with 3slices of hearty bread toothpicked together will make your mouth watery. Just looking at it made my stomach cleansed cuz it looked so fresh. They had potato chips in the middle. I probably would have been able to finish it but I was full after eating almost 3...a guy will be full after the whole dish I think. 
My friend ordered the Smoked Fish Plate which comes with Smoked salmon, whitefish salad, bagel, lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle, all spread out on a plate. So you have to put everything onto the bagel and make it your own. So it can be a little annoying or messy, but likewise, very fresh and nothing was too salty. The whitefish salad was really good! 
As I'm writing this review I actually am craving Miles Table again.I'm hesistant to give it 4stars now...i'll just say.. it's one of the cute places that you should try out. And if you like it great! if not, it won't hurt to eat a clean meal once. 
Service was great!! Everyone was so nice!My friend was visiting from out of town and we decided to stop by for brunch.  I ordered the Divorced Eggs and my friend ordered Huevos Rancheros.  We were both pretty happy with our meal.  The portions were large so we both couldn't finish.  I would go back!The food is actually pretty good but unfortunately the service is sub par. This is the third time we have been asked to get up from a table just for someone behind us in line to sit at that same table. We were second in line with two open tables so my husband sat at a table while I ordered, with another, larger, table open for the customers in front of us to sit. An employee then asked my husband to get up out of his seat while the customers behind us were told to sit there. When I brought this to the attention of the woman taking orders I was told "well why don't you just order and then we will find you another table." No. While the food is ok we will not be returning. The system of "first come first served" is clearly not working when the woman in front of us said the exact same thing happened to them as well and the employees are not on the same page as to what that actually means.This place is crazy good. Stopped in here one morning while visiting with no expectations at all and was blown away.  There brioche breakfast sandwhich was one of the best I've ever had.  Staff very polite and knowledgeable of the menu.  If your in Philly break way from reading terminal market head to south street and eat here.  Trust me.One of my new favorite restaurants! I love the fact that this is fast casual. I love their breakfast foods and their flatbreads. Also, their kale salad is delicious!! I don't usually like raw kale but after eating their salad, I realized that there is a special way to treat raw kale that can be used in salads. I had their falafel burger and certainly something to come back for! Yumm!!What a gem! Originally we were heading to another bfast spot that turned out to be packed. A nice couple that overheard us directed us here -and weren't we glad they did! 
You order at the counter and then wait at the table, food and drinks are delivered by the staff. Food is AMAZING! Very fresh, quality ingredients. The espresso waffle was the best waffle we've ever had I think! If we were staying in Philly a bit longer, I'm sure we'd visit again!I was pretty disappointed by this place. I ordered the club sandwich on multi grain.  It had avocado spread, fresh mozarella, bacon, turkey, etc.  All things I love.  Unfortunately, you couldn't taste the avocado for the coarsely chopped red onions in it, you can never taste fresh mozarella unless it's served alone, the bacon was tasty but underdone and had lots of thick, rawish fat pieces, and the turkey had no taste whatsoever.  The sandwich was huge, and really enough for 2 people, so good on value for $11, but it really didn't taste good at all.  It may be just this sandwich which is a flop.  This is exactly the kind of eatery I usually like.Welcome to Philadelphia ! 
This was my first breakfast out after recently moving to Philly from NYC.  What a refreshing change. The food was excellent. I had the avocado toast and it was delicious . The Home Fries were one of the best I've ever had . I loved the atmosphere. Coffee was  superb. I can't wait to try Miles Table for dinner and to BYOB.  That is definitely different for me. I found the prices to be reasonable for the quality of food we received. I plan to become a regular at Miles Table. So glad to have found it !Very warm and inviting restaurant. They serve breakfast all day. I highly recommend the 2 eggs anyway you want them, the home fries were on point!!  Deliciously seasoned and crispy. The apple wood bacon was delicious and their coffee was out of this world!!  My husband and I arrived around 1120 and it wasn't too busy but around noon business started to pick up and seating was limited.  I highly recommend this little Philly cafe.The food is pretty good, but the atmosphere is lacking. The acoustics are really bad so the sound of people talking and other people eating is amplified. Also when there's children, the staff lets them run around and make noise, disturbing the other patrons. However, I do feel like the management and staff means well.Phenomenal food and clean casual atmosphere.  Accommodating families to solos this is a great option for if you have half an hour or a few.  Really tremendous food.  The Brussels sprouts and Thai Chicken sandwich impressed and satisfied heartily.  Great coffee too.  Really kind staff and free refill to go on the iced coffee when I ate there.  I'll be back.Absolutely incredible and totally affordable. A little loud but totally worth it. 
Service was very accommodating. We got huevos and 2 eggs over medium. Home fries were some of the best I've ever had!Jess got the carnitas Benedict, I got the Divorced Eggs. Both were exactly right: the texture of the eggs was perfect, the carnitas was spot on, and the hollondaise was velvety. The real star, though, was the breakfast potatoes: they were almost (if not) perfect. Best I've had in a long time, if not ever. Seek this spot out.Hands down the best place for any meal. The sandwiches and salads are great and the entree options always deliver. It's a BYOB which adds to its already great food and minimalist theme. You can't go wrong with anything you order and they offer gluten free bread options. I can't say enough good things about this place. It's my go to whenever I'm hungry and can't decide what I'm in the mood for. It's def worth checking out if your in the area!!The food is soso. Not very good service either. The rate was too high for this store. Forgot to put one of the stuffing in the omlet. When notified gave me the stuffing on side instead of redo the omlet. Unhappy experience.Great spot for breakfast/brunch, they serve breakfast until 5pm! You order at the counter and find a spot inside or outside to sit. The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff are warm and welcoming. 
They have a great list of delicious specials. I got the Divorced Eggs: Three fried eggs, paella sauce, avocado verde, pico de gallo, and cream served on top of a crispy tortilla. All of the salsa is so fresh and the yolks from all of the eggs run everywhere making this a big plate of deliciousness. Oh, and it also comes with home-fries too. Highly recommend!Went here for breakfast and had the special, which was fried chicken waffles.  It was delicious!  The coffee and service were great too.  It was a nice setting that was easy to converse in.I have enjoyed each dish I've had from there: cobb salad (delish!), burger (also done perfectly!), and a variety of brunch items.  It's always lively, and is nondescript in the sense that I probably wouldn't go there for a special occasion or to celebrate something.  However, for a consistently good weekend brunch or lunch spot it works really well.
Recommend.Brunching in Philly is one of my favorite things to do, and I can say that Miles Table is one of my favorite brunch spots in the city. I love that you can order and pay first so that there's no waiting after you're done eating. It gets pretty busy here, but every time I've visited I managed to find a seat within five minutes. And, I love their eggs!
I've also done catering with Miles Table before for a formal dinner party (three course meal, 50+ people), and they were an absolute pleasure to work with. Great communication, wonderful service, very kind and caring. I'll be back!BY FAR my favorite place I dined during my three day Philadephia trip.  This place was not one of the places recommended to me by the locals, and it was about an 8 minute walk from our hotel(Palomar), but it was worth it!  Everything on the menu looked spectacular and the staff was so friendly.  They offer pizza, sandwiches, breakfast staples, eggs, salads, etc.  The "everything" bagel I had was stellar!  Probably one of the top 10 bagels I have ever eaten.  I ordered the Miles Salad, that was served piled high with carmalized nuts and a VERY generous amount of goat cheese.  Since I also wanted the smoked plate, I ordered that as well, which I was  most definitely told that both options  I chose were large portions...I said I was hungry and ordered both.  I am glad that I did, because although they were very large portions(one would have been PLENTY), I am glad that I was able to taste the delciousness of both options.  If I had to do it again, I probably would have made the same decisions.  The smoked fish plate was perfect.  Aesthetically and flavor wise, this plate will make you happy.  The portion size and price ratio was great.  My salad was just amazing...mmm..
The husband ordered a grilled cheese and I am going to assume it was good because he did not talk, but instead let out moans of happiness while we scarfed down the fries and cheese sandwich. 
This place is just wonderful. I should have ordered a coffee, but I would have ended up not having enough room in my stomach.
We WILL return to this place of business when we return to Philly, and I will recommend others to go as well.  Super yum.Great food, and fantastic customer service. Great for eat-in or take-out. (Note: the wait becomes exponentially longer on weekends around brunch time, but that's to be expected for a great place like this.)
Go for the turkey burger!Average brunch place, nothing to write home about. I got the fish plate which I regretted since the extra fish was a bad tasting spread. The fixings looked like they were a day old. My wife got the avocado toaste which was better but still not anything to warrent what I would consider a great brunch place. Food came quick though and it was not busy.The Mile's burger was amazing!!! Juicy and delicious! Also, you can't beat half priced on Wednesdays plus it's BYOB! The staff was very friendly. 
My only complaint is that it was sooo hot in there and there were a lot of fruit flies :/ But the restaurant was really clean so I think the bugs were just coming in because of the door being open. I will definitely go back and hopefully they will have the AC on! :)This place is normally really good but the last 2 times I asked for roasted red peppers in my salad I didn't get it. Their menu features roasted peppers in many of their dishes so I didn't think it would be a problem. The last time I went to pick up my salad I checked before I left to make sure it was in there and it wasn't. Went to the counter and asked politely if they could fix it. She went in the kitchen, came back out and handed me a warm container with a smile and said "sorry about that here you ago" I smiled back thankfully. Got to work, lo and behold, they flash sautéed red peppers and tried to pass it off to me as roasted red peppers. I wouldn't have been so bothered or even be writing a review had they just said sorry we're out, but instead green haired counter girl and whatever cook was there decided they wanted to insult my intelligence. Way to go!Great brunch place with a larger menu, good service, and delicious food.  Serves Colombe Coffee (always a plus) and has relatively fast serviceThis restaurant with simple yet delicious dishes. It's a great combo between sit down and a quick bite. You order at the counter and if you are staying there to dine they will bring your food out, or you can take it to go. 
For brunch/ breakfast, I love the avocado toast and Omelette. Coffee is okay, nothing special. It's BYOB which is nice, and they have a pretty good selection of meals for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
Overall, a great stop if you're looking for simple, tasty and not too fancy meals.
Update: I recently tried the falafel burger and it was incredible! I didn't know what to expect, but it was amazing. Highly recommend and Wednesday's are half off burgers!I have absolutely no clue why and how others rate a place. From my and my friends experience of lunch here, this place doesn't deserve anything but ONE star.  Ridiculously priced, food that lacks the basic seasoning and food that makes you wonder why they charge, what they charge... Definitely don't recommend this, there are way better places to have a sandwich or a salad in the city than to eat here. Oh and not to forget soggy friesThis place is fantastic!  I think it's a bold statement to declare a place as "Best Burger"....but this was my favorite burger of 2013 - and that's after going on a burger-a-week tour with a friend.  Excellent brunch, as well.We have been hitting this place up recently after the gym walking home. I'll admit, I did not like it the fist time I came (in winter)  and was skeptical to try it again. Man I'm glad I did. I don't think I've had one bad thing since my 1st visit. Everything is good. I mostly split something w the gf after the gym and it's def fine for lunch. They are a touch pricier but that's all good and portions are big. Good food is worth extra money. Burger weds is great, hit that up.The set up is this - you walk through the door, hop to the counter in the back of the establishment, give your order, take a number, and sit down.  It's like a fancier version of a fast food joint.  I admit, it was a little awkward for us to stand there waiting for someone to seat us until we realized - doh! 
I had the eggs benedict, which was overall not bad.  Only complaint is that it was a bit too salty, but I assume that was the meat.  Nothing I would write home about...at least not yet.food was super good but was unable to really enjoy it because I was upset due to having to wait 37 minutes for my food. Was observing that those that came after us were getting their food before us even those people that ordered the special as we did. Have no idea the reason they made us wait so long. If you ask how I know it was 37 minutes, ordered and received receipt at 9:40am food didn't come out until 10:17am.  Something else happened while we were in there but with certain things you have to give them the benefit of the doubt.Miles table is a great breakfast and brunch spot! It has a hipster vibe and offers a good selection of food. My favorite is their avocado toast! It tends to get pretty busy on Sunday mornings so it's best to get there a bit earlier. All and all it is a good place to go for a quick and healthy sit down meal!I came here for breakfast one Sunday and it was packed! It is seat yourself and a bit unorganized. Luckily, we only waited about ten minutes for a table. You order from the counter and then hope you have a table by the time it is ready! 
They have a small breakfast menu which is why it took me so long to get here, BUT they have a lot of great specials on the board daily. We both had Mexican breakfast specials. They were huge, unique, and delicious.
This is great for a quick, sit down breakfast or lunch. I am really looking forward to coming back for lunch soon!The Blue Moon salad is the best.  The Feta spread is delicious and sets off the beets perfectly.  The kale is finely chopped enough to not be chewy or tough.  The yogurt dressing is delicious but light and doesn't smother the other flavors in the salad.  I love all of their bread selections.  They are deliciouis and complement the food perfectly.  Also love the Strawberry cheesecake waffles for brunch.  A great neighborhood dining spot.  Perfect for when you don't want to cook but want to get good, nutritions and tasty food.Miles Table is ok. I came here twice, both times for brunch. I've tried the following:
Tiramisu waffles: overly sweet and drenched in ricotta sauce. Tried to scrape this off myself and it got messy and very unappetizing. I asked the chick that took my order if this dish would be very sweet and she said no.
The el guapo burrito: too much going on with eggs, roasted peppers, salsa, chorizo, refried beans and drenched in 2 different sauces 
Egg and sausage brioche: this was edible because it wasn't covered in sauces and I could actually taste and appreciate the ingredients
Also this place is chaotic when it's busy. People scrambling to find seats. Coffee machine was overflowing, the chick taking everyone's orders did not handle it well. But the guy maintaining the tables and delivering the food was very friendly and attentiveStopped in for breakfast and I have to say that I was surprised by how informal and amazing the menu was. There were so many options that looked absolutely fantastic for someone like me who loves a savory brunch. I ended up getting one of the specials (Chicken and Waffles), which was absolutely delicious. It was the perfect blend of a soft gooey spicy jalapeño sausage sauce with a thin and crispy waffle below. The chicken breast was crispy fried deliciousness and it was a very filling dish. My wife got the sausage and egg brioche sandwich, which was good, but not nearly as DELISH as the Chicken and Waffles. She started eating off of my plate. The service was also great and I liked how you just order and grab your seat. The decor on the inside was also very cute. Prices range from $7-$13 per dish. Very very reasonable for the quality. I thought the food was on par with Sabrina's and better than Green Eggs/Honeys, etc. I highly recommend Miles Table.I absolutely love this place! My falafel burger was so good and came with a ton of tasty fries. Next time I'm gonna come back on a Wednesday when their burgers (including the falafel) are half price! My friend and I stayed for almost 2 hours chatting and catching up, so I would recommend it as a place where you can hang out and not feel rushed to leave. The staff are also very friendly.
You order at the counter, and the staff bring your food to you. They have a good selection of burgers, sandwiches, bagel sandwiches, salads, and even a variety of pizzas. I can't wait to come back and try something new! Also, I didn't realize they are BYO, so next time I'll be sure to come prepared with a bottle of wine.2 of my friends and I was in the mood for a byob brunch spot on sunday and found Miles Table. Its located in a really quiet section of south street. fews things about miles table.
1.you order first and they give you a number.
2. it is self seating
3. its BYOB!!!
Their food is so simple its delicious. you get exactly what you order, without extra grease or surprises. 
4 stars because even though its not a real "serving" restaurant... they do have food runners who bring your food and clean up after you. they never came back out to check on us.So far I've tried a breakfast sandwich and the burger, both take out.  Both were really good.  I appreciated all the options for the toppings on the burger, and it was cooked as requested.  The staff is really friendly and eager to make sure you are satisfied with your choice, and the prices are reasonable.  Seems like it would be a great place for a casual brunch or dinner.  Bonus: they take level up.Nutella French toast with strawberry and banana was soooo good. I don't know what cream cheese they put on. I can just sit there and eat that by itself. Very filling. They have all kinds of tea to choose from. Cozy brunch place. Will definitely revisit and try other things on the menu.I walked by this place a hundred times before I stopped in. I was surprised how crowded it was and such a nice vibe from the crowd. Menu was hard to choose - all hearty and great ingredients. I was trying to be good after the holidays so I got a Miles salad with chicken. My wife got a Cobb and my son got the avocado tuna melt. Really great lunch. If you are thinking about a great place with no pretension and just great food, don't even think about it - Miles is your place.We stumbled upon this gem and its going to become a Sunday morning staple. My turkey burger with avocado, cheddar and a fried egg was perfect. My friend's "Scottish eggs" were hard boiled, wrapped in turkey, deep fried, and laid on a bed of garlic mashed potatoes. Can we say yum?
I wasn't wild about having to order from the counter, and the line was rather slow. Other than that, it was a breakfast experience that was worth recommending to others.The smoked fish breakfast plate was the bomb! The staff was super friendly. A little pricey for breakfast but worth it.Delicious burger - I even had to order it well done bc I am pregnant and it was still super yummy. The bun is soft and flavorful, the cheese is perfectly melted, and the fries are thick cut and delicious.I have always thought of this place as a 4-star neighborhood-friendly joint but today was my first time back for breakfast since having a child and it DID NOT meet my expectations.  The food was excellent but there was only ONE person working the front of the house until 9:30am so service was way too slow, especially for those waiting for a kids meal.  Speaking of which, the kids menu only includes one breakfast item: eggs and apple slices.  There should be a small plate of pancakes or something else other than just eggs.
What made me really upset was that I was there to order an item off their 'special menu'.  Even though this particular dish is offered every day on this 'special menu', they denied ordering it because supposedly no specials could be ordered prior to 9:30am.  Why open at 8am if the service and menu are inefficient until 9:30am?!?
I'm afraid this place has 'jumped the shark'Sunday brunch. Arrived late morning to a half full restaurant. You order at the counter, find a seat (unless someone sits down while you're in line), and they bring the food to you. The number of brunch specials was equivalent to the size of the regular menu. I got shrimp and grits - spicy, polenta was drier than expected, very large portion. He got carnitas benedict - also spicy and huge. Decor reminded me of Ikea. Pretty casual. You can easily combine tables for a larger table. 
Two entrees + two OJs (freshly squeezed earlier) + two iced coffees = $40. Everything was delicious but wouldn't have minded a smaller, reasonable portion size.I had the shrimp and grits and it great! The atmosphere was busy but food arrived quickly and hot!We went to Miles Table for lunch today and It was wonderful!  Only good things to say.  Food is great, so many things on the menu I wanted to try so I will be back for more.  I had the caprese salad which was amazing!  Hubby had the sausage breakfast sandwich which he loved, and the kids were able to get food fit for their picky palettes.  Beautiful place, friendly staff!  Perfect place to take kids or grab a bite when you are in a hurry.  You order and pay at the counter and then the food is delivered to you.  No waiting for a check...just get up and go!  You won't be disappointed...I highly recommend stopping by!Delicious omlette in a cozy environment. I probably need to have their coffee to judge further, but what I had there so far was good.Although we came here without knowing that they had a separate weekend menu, the selection was still large. 
my boyfriend and I ended up over-ordering because we weren't sure if the salad would fuel us enough for the whole day so we ordered a side of fries as well. 
Coming on a Monday morning, we were the only people to be seated. The place was clean and well lit. When our food was done, they brought it over with some ketchup, sriracha, hot sauce and some napkins. The salads were good - not overdressed in my opinion. The sauce that came with the fries were also yummy! However, I might skip the chicken next time because it was dry. That aside, the salad itself without the meat was also filling enough which is why I'd skip the chicken on mine (I think cobb salad came with it). Overall, I would definitely come back again when I visit Philly again! Maybe on the weekend since I wanted to try the nutella french toast (and to think I went running for half an hour just so I could eat this. /cries)Delicious! I had the nova lox with home fries instead of chips. The home fries are amazing and seasoned to perfection. The nova lox was perfect, I've never had a lox bagel that was like a sandwich with lettuce etc but it was perfect. I am visiting from it of town but I will definitely visit again next time I'm in Philly!!The Short Rib w/ eggs was amazing. The braised short rib was sooo tender, and a lot of developed flavor. The bed of spinach and Brussel sprouts just absorbed all the juices. And if you ask me, a bed of greens couldn't have been parked in a better place. I don't want veggies or greens on the side ever again. We ordered the eggs Sunnyside up, and if you combine the eggs, short rib, and home fries; you have the protein you need for the day. The ambience was cool, with this new-aged causal dining service. You ordered the food and then seat yourself. I original wanted to order a mimosa, like any brunch place would have, but it was BYOL (Bring your own liquor). But after eating I didn't even miss the liquor. It had a clean design, with rustic elements, and decorated with personal elements like sons photos.Awesome brunch!! It is so well cooked that it is so awesome! I had the son and the money and it was divine. 100% recommended.We recently stopped by here on a whim last Saturday night and I am glad this place opened up.  
We had the burgers - and they were delicious.
The kale salad was one of the best I ever had.
The help is cheerful, pleasant, and helpful - but not over bearing.
I liked the fact that you ordered at the counter and they brought it to you - we don't need another restaurant with surly ironic hipster severs...more interested in showing off their ink than helping you out. If I wanted that I would go to honey's up the street. 
The place itself was clean and the bathrooms were clean.
Way to go - I hope you remain consistent!I've had this place on my list to try for a few months now. It was great! It's a great option for a quick breakfast or lunch (or take out!). It's a good mix between order at the counter and sit down type restaurants. You order at the counter and pay, they bring out your food and drinks, check on you a few times, and then you can leave as soon as you're done. I had a guacamole turkey club with homemade potato chips. I took out the middle piece of bread, but if I hadn't it would have definitely been enough for two meals. It was great. I had trouble deciding what to get because everything looked fantastic, I can't wait to try something new next time!Really great food for a decent price. It's not a very big place but perfect for a coffee or lunch with a couple of friends.Knowing nothing about this place before walking in, we were pleasantly surprised by how good it was! The food was really good (we both tried the avocado BLT) and the atmosphere was clean and sleek. :) we would definitely recommend to anyone in the area!I come here often for brunch. The menu varies greatly, all the options are tasty. I have tried the turkey club sandwich several times. It's just sooo delicious and a large serving. My boyfriend has had almost every plate on the menu, and he's never been disappointed.
The service is also great. They are very fast, even when it's crowded on a Saturday or Sunday morning. The tables are always kept clean, and the staff is very swift and attentive. I highly recommend it.Went this morning with son and partner. Food was great and the staff was friendly and helpful. Both Honey's and Little Spoon had long waits , so tried Miles Table by default ( got in just in time 9:30 am). Totally happy with our choice and the coffee was especially delicious and bottomless, yumLove this place. Picture a better, nicer, fancier version of Panera. My order is odd and they always get it right AND the food is consistently good no matter when I go. Told my friends about it and now they all go too. No complaints here :)We were walking over to Rex 1516 on a recommendation for brunch and happened to walk past Miles Table. I nearly walked into a tree due to the severe rubbernecking caused by the sights and smells coming from one of the tables at Miles Table. At this point Rex 1516 was a distant memory. From the fresly squeezed orange and grapefruit juice, to the kale salad to the "oh my god how is this so tender" steak and eggs everything was amazing. Prices are great also.I've been meaning to try this place for some time now. It's a busy spot! And one girl was running the show. She was busy so we weren't greeted and we sat ourselves in a booth w hardly any cushions from being worn out. After browsing the menu on the wall we realized we have to order at the counter. 
After getting our ice for our cokes and some water, our food came out shortly after. The falafel burger was so good. It was big too. The pizza was amazing. I loved the mushrooms! Crust was thin and had good flavor as well. Glad we checked this place out finally.Quick. Easy. Healthy. Worth a trip.  I had the Mixed fish plate.  Best Whitefish spread I have had in a long time.  Would order again....is a good amount of food.Great new addition to the neighborhood! Staff is super friendly and the interior is tots adorable.  They have a wide variety of food to choose from, and serve breakfast all day! This is my new go-to spot for late brunch on the weekends and lunch or dinner during the week.  Prices are pretty reasonable, too.
Also, if you are gluten-free, they offer gluten-free bread and buns for their sandwiches/burgers!!Just good, not great. I went here for brunch and had the shrimp and grits.. The shrimp & asparagus in the dish were nicely done, but it was served over polenta (how does that get called grits?), and the flavor of the "salsa verde"-which was a green sauce, but not actually a traditional salsa verde-was also unremarkable. Bland was really the name of the day, in fact, two other people at the table had similar complaints about the avocado toast and the steak & eggs.
The prices are good, very reasonable, and the environment is cute. You order at the register up front and then find your own table.. Even though the place was pretty busy, we managed to find a table for 5 without waiting. Overall, I wasn't excited by my food but I did like the brunch experience and it's pretty great to find a place that didn't have a wait at the height of Sunday brunch hour (~1pm).A little something for everyone which makes this place perfect for so many occasions. This has become our go-to when we're out and about, hungry, and don't want to spend too much money. 
Their food won't knock your socks off, but it's all executed well, and the options are plentiful. Sometimes I like to be able to socialize with friends out of the house, but still eat relatively healthy or eat something that mimics what I could make at home. For example, their avocado toast is similar to what I cook for myself- just a lot prettier and a little more robust. It's loaded with avocado, the arugula is always fresh, their eggs are always perfectly runny, and their toast is just crispy enough. Like I said, solid execution.
Once in a while I'll branch out and try something new since they seem to have fun experimenting in the kitchen through their daily special offerings. Their crispy cauliflower tastes like General Tso's and has proven a good way to get the boyfriend to eat his veggies. The mushroom flatbread is faintly truffley, and not a bad appetizer to split for the table. It could use another handful or two of mushrooms to increase it's wow factor.
The good thing is that this place is family-friendly. The bad thing, however, is that this place is family-friendly. It's nice to see families bring their little ones out to eat and have a neighborhood spot to which to venture, but too many times, families treat it like it's their own home and let their kids run and scream wildly about. It's disturbing to those not with kids, and it's disturbing to those with quieter, more well-behaved kids.
The food is worth a trip if you're with a mixed group, but beware of the little children.Always delicious and reliable. We get a good 3-6 burgers most Wednesdays when they offer half priced turkey/beef/falafel burgers. It's a great deal for a quality burger (their other food is not to be missed either). Consistent quality and service. Even when very busy, their staff is great. Just a gem of a neighborhood spot!Expensive, considering all I ordered was their Molly Kale salad. However, with the addition of perfectly-charred shrimp, it was a really filling meal, and I thought all the ingredients - from the juicy cranberries to yogurt dressing - paired perfectly. My friend ordered the grilled cheese, and personally, I think that's something I would get next.
Bummed that when we went, though, and asked for their lunch specials, the waiter said it wasn't available, but as soon as we had placed our orders, they had their lunch menu out. (Like really?)This place is a great little place.  Prices are mid/ high, but you definitely get what you pay for.  The food is amazing and it has a great vibe.  Great vegan options as well!  Very casual place where people can sit with a laptop too!Miles is a great spot for brunch. I went here last Sunday with a friend and had a great time. We were able to finally sit outside since there was some sun. I ordered the huevos rancheros with guacamole. My friend ordered the burrito. The portions were huge! We both had to ask for to go containers. My huevos rancheros were so tasty, and that's saying a lot since I grew up in Texas. The chorizo was a tad bit spicy and full of flavor. There's was plenty of crispy blue tortillas. It came with a spicy green sauce that paired perfectly with the dish. I will definitely come back here and try something new. The staff was very friendly.Fantastic service smile and jokes included. I had the Cobb salad. Nothing short here, the amount of ingredients was insurmountable. Not only did I have enough for 1 lunch I had enough for 2. The freshness of all ingredients was tantalizing to my taste buds. 
I can't stop talking about this gem of a place! 
Thank you for a great lunch!What's not to love about a place that serves good breakfast?
Miles Table popped up down the street and today I made a wise decision of getting breakfast there. 
You order at the counter and they bring your food to you. Not bad, but the I think the staff are still trying to get familiar with the menu. The guy that took my order for omelet with avocado and peppers added toast and home fries as sides, and I had to point out that it was included based on the menu description. Sharpen up! They do have free coffee from 7a - 10a with breakfast, but check again because those types of things could change. They did forget my coffee initially, but remembered to come around for refills and they were good with bringing the water - good deal. Oh yeah, the omelet with red peppers and avocado - pretty dang good. 
It's a neat place, looks like they got some Feng Shui dude figure it out. Food was good, coffee was good, go here!Came here with my family for brunch.  Its a nice little cafè located in the middle of South st.   They dont have a waiter/waitress but they do bring the food out for you.  I tried the burrito guapo which was pretty good, some people had the divorced eggs and said they were ok and finally my dad had the burger and he liked it.  It was a nice atmosphere and the staff was very friendly.For a great observational study of a hipster eatery, please visit Miles Table.  Small dining area yet fast turnaround for seating as well as kitchen speed.  The food was plated well and savory.
The patrons are also a nice bunch, friendly, smiling and talking about whatever it is that millennials Yammer on about, like how much they have in their 401k, how Scotty cheated on Meredith with an older "tranny looking bitch", and the perils of having sun damaged hair in the winter.
Overall great brunch place in Philly.  
Kudos to your success.this is one of my favorite brunch places in philly for the cost, quality, and service. gluten free options are available, and there are delicious rotating specials. regular drip and fancy-pants espresso libations are available.
nota bene: there is no waiter service so remember to tip at the register since the staff manning the restaurant deliver your food to you and then clean up after you!This place is GREAT and I hope it stays open forever and ever! The food is fresh and the service is friendly. They also take LevelUp! A real bonus is the pie store next door. Miles Table is a great addition to South St. west. So glad you guys are here and serving fresh, healthy, DELICIOUS food!One of my favorite places in the neighborhood, mostly for brunch, but also great for a casual dinner.  You walk in, view the menus on the walls, order and pay at the counter, and seat yourself at a table with a number.  The food, water, and silverware are brought out to you after a short wait.  The restaurant is light, airy, and neat.  The service is brief and efficient, but friendly.  The food is plentiful and delicious.  Most of the brunch dishes are huge enough for two.  Very family friendly, though it can get crowded.Miles Table is one of those places you wish were open 24/7. It's the cutest little spot, good lighting and friendly staff. I have been going there for over a year and have never had a bad experiece. 
Some of my favorite things are the avocado blt, chicken and waffles, the miles burger, short rib pasta dish, and the eggplant parmesan. NOW the EGGPLANT PARMESAN is one of the most delicious things I have ever had the pleasure of tasting. I was out with my friend who is a vegetarian and he ordered it. I took a bite and thought for sure I was eating a meat dish.. The eggplant was crispy, not soggy, tomato sauce was just right, not too sweet. Down right perfection!!
 I always enjoy my meals at this place. If you want good food, fast service and great customer service then head over to Miles TableThis place does just about everything right for a quick breakfast sandwich and coffee in Philly. I stopped by due to the fantastic reviews and I was not disappointed.
Per the recommendation of the front desk I got the sausage and egg on brioche with a coffee. The sandwich itself is huge! The picture did not do it justice. But the sausage patties were home made, and a bit spicy. Perfectly cooked. Topped with an egg on the grilled brioche made it superb. 
The service was fantastic. He gave me recommendations on where to go elsewhere in the city and a refill for my walking tour of the area!
Overall: an amazing place to grab a to go breakfast on way to work or during a lazy weekend.Wednesdays they have half-off burgers, and the food won't break you wallet on the other days. This is a perfect neighborhood spot-- friendly service, reasonable prices, and seriously good food. I held off going for a little while because the yelp pictures made the inside look a little uninviting (I'm a sucker for nice ambiance). But I was being silly-- the inside is no-frills but comfortable, and the food is just really, really good.I had food envy with every plate I saw!  This place is fantastic; I'm so thrilled to have a new fabulous restaurant on South.  Miles Table is similar to a fast- casual restaurant.  They have the guests order at the front of the restaurant, get their drinks at the front, but from there there is table service.  
I went to Miles Table this morning with a girlfriend, and we both walked out very happy with our meal and overall experience.  
I ordered the vegetable wrap.  It was delicious...  I told myself I was only going to eat half, but I nearly cleaned my plate.  The wrap has a generous amount of filling, great flavor, and was served with homemade chips.  
My friend ordered the Sausage and Egg brioche sandwich.  It looks so darn good...  The egg was perfectly cooked with a nice warm soft yoke covering the sandwich.  The bread was perfectly toasted, and the portion was quite generous!  
The ambiance was casual but thoughtful...  It was very relaxed and friendly.  Everything was modern and they used the small space very well, so many guests can be seated, but we didn't feel cramped.    
The only critique we could come up with was the coffee, which was not fantastic... but not horrible. 
I will definitely be back for many more visits :)
.Miles has been on my list for months. It seriously looked like the quintessential brunch experience, and in pleased to say the food experience was exactly how I envisioned it.
The inside is clean, modern and plays with a little bit of rustic flare. Notice the basic mounts holding the cases on the wall. Nice touch.
I did have one aspect that was hard to wrap my brain around though. The menu suffers a little from "Cheesecake Factoryitus." It was well supplied with your staples- Turkey & Avocado Club, Omelettes, Huevos Rancheros, etc. However, the additions of Empanadas, specialty Eggs Benedict and others was confusing. Are they trying to be all things to all? Ultimately this made the timing of choosing a meal drag on, especially since you order from a counter and not a table. However, stellar food and service over comps dates for this.
All in all, Miles is a must. However, the experience wasn't anything out of the ordinary, so I would relegate this to a niche one time experience.The specials were incredible. A friend of mine said that the specials change frequently, so there's plenty of variety. I ordered the divorced eggs and loved it. The servers were very nice and we're happy to offer recommendations.I had a great time here a couple weekends ago with a few people! We sat outside and brought a few bombers (BYOBombers!) to share, and had a really relaxing/fun Friday night. Staff here is very nice. You order at the counter and then they bring out your food.
I walked up and asked which burger had the "bacon and cheddar" -- without realizing that there's a board that says: "Miles Burger: Bacon and Cheddar" in big lettering to the left of the counter. Right. So I ordered that, and it was great and cooked just right. I could not finish it, which was sad since it was darn good.
Definitely want to come back for brunch someday!Modern look, long line for dinner. Seating wasn't bad though. But be aware that the menu options listed on the board to the right of the counter are not offered every night. Bummer, since I had my heart set on one of them and was then told I couldn't have it. They ought to take that down or cover it up on nights they're not served. 
My sandwich was good though, I had a philly cheese steak, of course. Portions definitely generous but on the dry side.Ordered from them on Caviar. There were mistakes with the order, but the woman that answered the phone could not have been nicer! The food was amazing. Will definitely order again !Went there right before we left Philly to try one last new place. Super good burgers and the chicken sandwich was delicious. The staff was super friendly and the ambiance was on point. Great place to grab a bite to eat.My husband and I visit Miles' once or twice a week, usually at lunchtime for a Molly Kale, avocado blt or avocado toast. Their food is reliably good, their prices reasonable, and their staff we'll-trained. It's a perfect place to meet a friend or bring the kids: a neighborhood treasure.What an awesome spot! Somehow this wasn't on my brunch radar until we were brought here by friends. Creative menu with something for everyone. Our group had a little bit of everything, ranging from Eggs Benedict to a salad to a special involving pulled pork, and everyone was pleased. Fresh squeezed orange juice was great and allowed us to make mimosas. Highly recommend for smaller groups.Have to update my review- I come here ALL the time.  Definitely my go-to brunch spot when I have friends/family visit, or if I'm not feeling like making breakfast that day.  The Divorced Eggs special is phenom.
Weird thing though, they always seem to run out of coffee cups. Maybe it's time to buy more?This is a great spot for a fun brunch. If you are looking for a bright and welcoming atmosphere with a solid menu, this is the place to be. I came here yesterday for a sunday brunch and could not have expected a more quaint cafe.
I ordered one of the specials of chicken and waffles, which were pretty yummy (the waffles are jalepeno cornbread waffles, so yum...) and some freshly squeezed orange juice. Everything came out very quickly and was pretty enjoyable! The portions are huge (I could only eat about half) and was just satisfying in general.
The service seemed friendly, albeit a little over worked/understaffed but despite the sunday brunch rush, everything was served and cleaned with a smile.
It really is, a cool gem on south street. I can absolutely see myself coming back.Quick service, nice ambience. Tried sausage and egg on brioche with blue cheese, cheese turned out to be a little too strong/salty but if you can deal with that, a decent sandwich. Shared a Nutella French toast with my daughter, amazing and will give the French toast five stars!The food at Miles Table is absolutely amazing.  The space is pretty small but the way the restaurant operates works.  You order at the counter and they bring your food to you.  It is such an easy and delicious place to go a grab a bite to eat for breakfast or lunch.Great addition to the neighborhood. Excellent choices for breakfast, lunch, and dinners. Extremely friendly service, kid and baby friendly, and delicious sandwiches. We had the Avocado BLT and a Mozzerella tomato and roasted red pepper sandwich. Fresh, delicious ingredients. The salads and pizzas also look fabulous. Can't wait to go back...Yum! Love the quick, healthy and cute place! You order at the counter and they bring the food out to the table. I loved my kale salad (i also added chicken to make it filling), it was really hearty and flavoful, the falafel burger was also delicous, and the turkey burger was awesome with a touch of spicy sauce. I loved the atmosphere and set up, can't wait to come back to try more options!Breakfast is served late, until 5pm, and it is outstanding.  I had the breakfast sandwich and an iced coffee.  The bread on the sandwich seemed to be freshly baked and the bacon was on point.  
I would call the vibe of the local community as upscale hipster.  This spot fits right in!Im so glad I found this place ! 
I really like how they operate the restaurant, you walk up to the counter , order and pay first  , then seat yourself. Menu is written on a huge chalk board hanging on the wall . Service is quick and friendly , the cashier guy was also our waiter , he brought out our food in less than 10 minutes . 
We ordered a falafel burger and an omelet.
For the falafel burger it came with hand cut fries , the burger it self was huge , i only had half of it and i love how they used brioche . I'm not a fan of feta , so i just took it off the bun , not a big deal . 
The omelet came with home fries and toast . The omelet itself could be made with three toppings , so we chose bacon , mushroom and roasted pepper . It was enjoyable. 
One thing that we wished they could improve is their drinks . We had coffee and latte , they came in those bowl mugs which were cool but the downside is they get cold really quickly. My latte came luke warm so it went cold pretty quickly , i want my hot drinks to be hot and cold drinks to be cold .Very clean, good service, high ceilings, felt spacious.  Omelette: excellent potatoes, and toast.  Eggs too creamy in consistency, and turkey sausage was pattie-like (horrible).Fantastic food -- have tried the falafel burger and the avocado BLT, both of which have been amazing. I am gluten intolerant and was amazed to hear they have both gluten-free bread / buns available (although you have to pay a bit extra).
Service is warm and friendly, and the place has a great neighborhood-type atmosphere.
They seem to be going for more of a cafe-style ambiance, which is fine, but I almost wish they could transform the place into more of a restaurant, with expanded (and more comfortable!) seating.Great place for a gourmet salad or sandwich. BYOB, tables outside, reasonable prices for the quality of fresh ingredients that come out lavishly prepared and expertly served. Will definitely be back there soon!Excellent place for a casual, light breakfast/brunch/lunch. The bright, warm lights and white furnishing gives the place a nice modern vibe (with mason jars as water glasses). You order up front and they bring the food to you after you sit down. We had the tuna avocado melt, the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, and the sausage and egg brioche, all of which were very good. This is a perfect place for some quality food while hanging out and catching up with friends.A different take on brunch than what I'm used to. You order and pay at the front. They give you a number and seat you accordingly.
The food is a bit pricier than the other brunch places in Philly but it was delicious nonetheless. I love the fact it was BYOB though.Just had an amazing avocado blt. Perfectly soft and ripe. Crisp bacon, and lots of both. Finished off with chipotle mayo,perfect tomato and wickedly good bread. I will be back!Had dinner here yesterday and got the Falafel burger. My friend ordered the wings and they are delicious too.
The place is very casual, which comes as a surprise to me. Staff are super friendly.Had brunch at Miles Table today and LOVED it. You order at the counter then sit at the first available table. I had the "divorced eggs" topped with guac, my husband had the burrito with chorizo, and we both shared the "dolly molly" kale salad (I think that was the name?). The divorced eggs were SO good, but I couldn't believe I had finished the entire dish given the large portion. We probably didn't need to order the salad, but I'm glad we did-- we both loved the Dijon dressing. If you're looking for a quick and casual brunch spot with simple, but great  food, I'd highly recommend Miles Table!Great healthy-ish fresh food.  Great bread.  Service is a bit unpolished.A great brunch spot! Fast and friendly service. We ordered vanilla lattes and they were excellent- one of the best I've had in awhile! Also ordered omelettes (turkey sausage, mushroom, cheddar cheese with avocado on top) and they were DELICIOUS - a large portion served with potatoes and toast. We will definitely be back!Stopped here for lunch while in town for business. (Yes, I 'randomly' search Yelp for restaurants ... and GO). This was a perfect stop, I couldn't have done it any better. I ordered the crab and tuna burger. It had a better, much more clever name, but I can't remember. It was HEAVEN, served with avocado, remoulade, red onion, lettuce and tomato. Perfect combination of flavors on a toasted bun. The fries were perfect, thick sliced. 
I am so glad that I stopped here today. Totally delicious and to say it was FAIRLY priced is an understatement. Very pleasant service as well. That should not go un-mentioned.We are visiting from out of town and stumbled across Miles Cafe when searching for a spot to grab breakfast before our full day of touring. 
Food and coffee were both delicious. Portions were much larger than we both anticipated. 
Ordered the egg breakfast sandwich and the eggs w/ home fries. Both are simple meals but they were full of flavor and fueled us for the day ahead. 
It is a quiet atmosphere and would be the perfect spot to grab coffee and work/study but also has an open door for families.A pleasant surprise.  Order then sit kinda place.
Neighborhood spot that offers some real unique flavors.  Food is loaded with great ingredients.  Cook and owner seem to put love and effort into their food, staff and overall vibe of the restaurant was humble and welcoming.
Chicken and waffles smothered in a thick & savory brown gravy was amazing.  Sausage and egg (runny) brioche sandwich topped with blue cheese and arugula was a perfect combo.
I'll be here for brunch errrrday if i could.Miles Table is a really awesome place with great food. I'd highly recommend Mile's Table to anyone in the area. They prices and specials are great and you get the feel that the owners care about their customers with the work they put into the food and ambiance. :) You gotta give them a try :)My wife knows the owner, and we finally made a trek to the city with 4 kids in tow on a Sunday. We were able to get a table, order, eat, and enjoy our visit. Agree with all reviews here regarding flavor and portions! We all left stuffed and pleased. Highly recommend if you're in the area.Went to brunch with a few friends - we were visiting Philly for the weekend, wanted a good place for brunch, and Yelp suggested this place. We were not disappointed! 
The Sunday brunch crowd was in full force, but that didn't stop us from visiting. I almost had a heart attack when we walked up and the "closed" sign was flipped. The place was packed, so we tried the door and thankfully were let in - the wind was strong that day ;) 
We got in line and were pretty excited, because the lines seem to be moving very quickly.Space was tight, but not uncomfortable. Waiters did break through the line every now and again to service or bus as needed, but I didn't find it disruptive. 
I was a little miffed when large group (six folks) came in and immediately tried to claim a table. As I said, space is limited and the flow of the place is to get in line, order, and then find a seat. A waitress did come by and inform them of the policy, but she ended up seating them anyway, and I'll admit I was a bit annoyed because I was there with three other people and we worried about seating as well. I suppose if I had been part of that grouo, I would have been thankful. 
At any rate, we did order and were seated quickly and easily ( like I said, place had a flow to it). Like the coffee prep area - lots of different sweeteners. Food came fast, service was good. I had one of the salads. 
One of my friends did get the wrong food, and while they did remake her sandwich, it did take a while for her to get it (legit, as it was a busy Sunday, but still sucked that she had to wait). She didn't get any kind of comp which I wasn't a fan of - of course, you do pay before the food gets to you.  
Pricing was fair,  portions were good. I'd love to visit and try a different meal!I wish I could give 3.5 stars but I can't, so here are my three (B agreed that this was the right rating). It's good but not really good or great. Smoked fish plate was a little meager on the salmon (and literally a spoonful of whitefish salad). The bagel was a little burnt, and so on. But it was all nicely presented and tasted good (hard to mess that one up) so you're catching my drift. 
B got French toast which was maybe a little better than mine, but again, a thimble full of syrup on it made for a dry dish. I think it was real maple, which is great. 
I understand that the expensive ingredients are, well, expensive, but you can't be so skimpy on them that it affects the dish. 
Service was good, the place is comfortable. Some of the issues might have been growing pains (they're only a couple of months old) so I'll re-review at some point and revise if it's appropriate. I'd say it's worth a visit, if not only to get pie for dessert next door.
Re-decided to give them four stars since they're just starting out. They could make this place a really great brunch or dinner visit on this up and coming street.Miles Table is an interesting restaurant because it has some pretty banging food but I think you have to be lucky with what you get in terms of service and the ambiance of the place. Its a small restaurant and the tables are pretty close, so it leaves you with an intimate dining experience with strangers unless you hit the place at the right time. Its BYOB which is a strong pro for you boozy brunchers. 
And now, the FAPS breakdown:
Food Quality - the food was spectacular. I had the pleasure of dining on the Sausage and Egg Brioche which was basically a classy breakfast sandwich. I noticed that my classiness immediately rose up after a couple bites. There was a noticeable post-classiness after the meal, which was a two thumbs up feeling. They use fresh ingredients and have some cool menu items. Also just to note, the weekend and weekday menus are different (at least for brunch this is true)
Ambiance - Its a small, clean restaurant with a bit of a hipster/alternative vibe. The restuarant is definitely a little tight with a lot of tables and alhtough it wasnt too packed when I went I can definitely see this being an issue. I would probably keep this restaurant to small groups. 
Price - $$ Solid breakfast with a solid quantity of food. They do have free refills on coffees which is a plus. 
Service - There was only one guy running the show when we arrived. You go to the front, order your food, seat yourself and the waiter/cashier brings your food to you when it is ready. I kind of like this casual service but it can also be annoying for when you want more food and coffee. When its busy its pretty tough to get the persons attention.Miles Table makes a mean turkey burger. I found myself ordering at this new American food restaurant on South Street last week after meandering up and down the block, checking out prospective dinner options. 
And there are SO many options on this block. I love that about my neighborhood, but I suppose that, sometimes, I just want a dang burger. Plus, the inside looks really cute and cozy, even from the street.
I ordered my burger to go and chatted with two members of the really upbeat and friendly staff while I waited. A Dad and his kid were dining up front where there is a framed poster of a cute baby hamming it up in a pot. During a rather quiet moment in the room, the child exclaimed "DO YOU COOK BABIES?!". Kids dine for free on Tuesdays.
My burger and fries were perfection. The burger itself was flavorful, cooked just right, and the bun housed it well, all airing on the side of "generous" in portion. The fries were salted and flavored in a way where they didn't need ketchup, which is always pretty nice, in my opinion. The rest of the menu looked quite good as well, but I've definitely found my burger place! I'd love to return for breakfast and sit in that cozy booth in the front.I feel like I have been to Miles Table enough already that I could write a review about it. This place is two steps away from my office and honestly, it is the best and the worst (best because yummy food and great staff, worst because my wallet cries.)
Many a time I have enjoyed their daily breakfast special, where I receive a coffee and egg and cheese sandwich for $4.99 plus tax. MANY A TIME¬-goodbye waist, hello pounds! But honestly, no one and I mean NO ONE (sorry Milk & Honey) can touch this egg and cheese. Fluffy eggs, melty cheese and the softest bread my teeth has ever discovered. 
Also  1/2 priced burgers on Wednesdays is when you find all of my office there. The turkey burger is to die for and so is the falafel burger. 
This place is also pretty casual. You go in, order food at the counter, find a seat and they bring your food to you.Great little spot. Nothing crazy here, just good food and BYOB! Had the breakfast sandwich, which was good. Home fries were ok (big potato chunks, roasted). Would def come back and try their other thingsCame here for a Sunday brunch. The atmosphere is a bit cramped but pleasant. I like their ordering system, very efficient. The prices were reasonable and the food delicious. Will definitely be back!Good food, pleasant space, good prices. I thought my food was fine, but I would definitely go here again and give it another shot.Excellent brunch. The food is fabulous and reasonably priced. My husband is a big eater and the divorced egg portion was too much for him. Service is great and staff friendly and accommodating. We will definitely be back!Once again, Yelp helps us  eat at wonderful places!  Needed to find a place to eat before a matinee.  We wanted brunch.  The shrimp and grits were amazing. And so was the steak and eggs.  Fabulous recipes and even better prices for the city!  Beats a diner any day!I have really enjoyed past experiences at Mile's table. So I was excited to grab breakfast with some friends there today. We showed up a few minutes before opening and were chatting outside, while waiting for them to open at 8. At 7:58, the door opened, but instead of welcoming us in 2 minutes early, the employee asked us to keep our voices down for the neighbors. Understood. Except that at 8:06, he still hadn't opened up for us. The sign on the door was turned to closed. So, 2 of our friends opened the door to inquire about the opening time. The same employee said 9 am. This seemed odd since the menu said 8, the website said 8, and the friends questioned him. He indicated that the hours had changed and those items needed to be updated. So, imagine our surprise when just after we relocated to the deli across the street, the employee opened Miles' Table. I just called and verified that the restaurant opens at 8 am on week days. You lost the business of 10 customers this morning. We grab breakfast in the neighborhood regularly, live and work nearby. This treatment and lying is absurd.Love Miles Table. Food is great whether it is breakfast or dinner. Turkey sausage with Siracha? Amazing? Don't tell my wife I'm dating the Molly Kale salad. Amazing and friendly morning staff. Could do without some of the dinner staff (mopping the floors Sunday while I am eating)? But the food is awesome. Please go back to 8 am opening on Sunday!Miles Table is one of those places that become instant neighborhood classics by simply and smartly conveying the character and mood of the neighborhood in which it exists via its culinary creations and casual atmosphere. 
Miles Table accomplishes this by crafting a simple menu of American classics with a new modern twist. The end result is a set of dishes  that reflects a focus on simplicity 
and speaks to the sensibilities of those who appreciate culinary exploration presented within the confines of a familiar presentation. 
Epitome of this is the falafel burger, presented on a brioche bun with a garbanzo bean cake, tahini dressing, lettuce, tomato and feta cheese, and accompanied with hand cut fries. At $ 9.50 this burger along is worth a visit! 
Other entries in the menu are equally surprising, such as the namesake Miles burger which when cooked medium arrives at the table irresistibly juicy. 
I can continue describing all the wonderful dishes I tried in my visit there last week, but the truth of the matter is, words will fall short to describe what this menu has to offer. Go visit for yourself and you won't be disappointed.I was so excited when this place opened just a few blocks from where I live. The food here never disappoints--everything is really fresh, and you'll be pressed to find a place where you get such substantial portions of healthy food for the same price. But beyond the quality and value of the food, what has really blown me away about this place is the service. Everyone here is really friendly and goes out of their way to make sure you have a positive experience. Once, they brought out my friend's dish a few minutes later than everyone else's, and our server gave our entire table complimentary dessert. When my mom was in town, I brought her to Miles Table for breakfast, but they had just changed their hours and arrived 20 minutes before their new opening time. Disappointed, we were about to walk to Cosi, when the manager himself opened the door, invited us in to eat, and cooked our breakfast himself! 
In summary, if the food here doesn't immediately win you over, the people will.