Good food & drinks! Cool atmosphere, chill vibe. Bar tenders could have been more attentive.I've been to the upstairs for shows more than I've been downstairs. Large beer selection. Attentive bartenders. If they over sell upstairs you're packing in like sardines. And even with all the windows open, on a hot summer night you can roast up there when it's crowded. Good sound system.
Have had a meatball sammie downstairs, nice touch with the long hots. Food prices are on par with the neighborhood. Downstairs is much brighter and more refined.Just generally shocked about my experience tonight. Both of the bartenders were visibly intoxicated which is fine until well below sub par service is given. How could I tell you may ask? Well the blond haired bartender seemed pretty eager to take his shirt off or doing a dance move you'd have to ask him. The other couldn't remember an order for a beer and makers mark and instead gave me Jameson???? As a former bartender it's pretty sad to see terrible service in a pretty cool bar.Service here was some of the worst I've ever seen. We sat at our table for twenty minutes before she brought us menus and took our drink order, and after she brought out our drinks (my drink was wrong) we had to flag her down half an hour later just to order food. She then disappeared for the last half hour, so we ended up having to go up to the bar to ask for our check. 
If the food were good I'd be willing to give Milkboy another chance, but my meal was just ok.Had quick bite with hub on the way to watch the show. Shared wings and nacho. Price was cheap and snacks were ok. If they had in NYC I would give them more star for sure. Bar foods in NYC are mostly inedible. But in Philly some bar foods are better than restaurants. This place is below average in Philly.First I would like to mention how impeccable the service was. My serve, who I can't remember his name unfortunately, was very attentive and came back serval times to make sure I was pleased with my food. 
The reason I gave it three stars was because I ordered a cheeseburger and cheese fries and wasn't really pleased by the taste. Burger was tasteless, like they took it out the box and fried it... no seasoning or anything. I guess the fries were okay seeing as though it was just cut up potatoes not French fries. 
My food came out in a very reasonable time so I was happy with that. I would recommend this place just order something else.Went here with friends. Service was phenomenal. Got the bbq wings and Korean bbq sandwich. The wings were pretty good, but the sauce was very light in terms of flavor. The sandwich was okay, not too sure if it went together, but i don't like warm kimchi in anything other than soup. I love their fries though! Overall, food was okay, but the service and atmosphere was awesome!Looks cool, and it's in a walkable spot, but didn't appreciate the vibe of the staff. Controlling bouncer that apparently kicked people out for no reason on a unique event night. Music was interesting and on point but the clientele was very interactive like I'd hope at a bar. 
Small shot glasses, but somewhat a cheap city wide if you're in need of one.So good! Went with a group of 6 for lunch and everyone LOVED their food. I had the BBQ chicken sliders and was super impressed! Nice beer selection and service was great. I will definitely be back soon!This was the first time i've been to Milkboy. I have to say, I really enjoyed the ambiance. The server was very friendly and quick to get and refill our drinks. The food was delicious, I got the Burrito, It was really good. I was reallly liking the place...until I went into the bathroom. The Bathroom is disgusting, The bathroom was full of flies, I mean like TOTALLY full of flies and the toilet didn't have a lid. it was a piece of wood that had grafitti all over it and didn't even cover the tank. I don't know if they think thats trendy or what. I was completely grossed out. If you cant keep your bathroom clean, I wonder about the quality of the kitchen.Excellent soup and finger food.  Great location, but I also wish they would expand the menu just a tad.My experience at MilkBoy on a lazy Saturday in July has a lot to be desired. We arrived a little after three, certainly after the lunch crowd with no more than 10 people (if that) in the establishment. Our party ordered soft drinks and sandwiches and waited an HOUR for our food to be served. We asked the the waitress several times and she continued to tell us "it's coming, it's coming" Once we finally got our food it wasn't up to par. The fried chicken sandwich was way over fried. And one smoked bourbon turkey was ordered asking for chili mayonnaise on the side but the sandwich had mayo on it. Apparently there was something going on in the kitchen, was there even anyone in the kitchen? I say this because patrons who came in after us (20-30 min) received their food right away. Leaving me to believe that there was no one was in the kitchen, that we were experiencing the big stall. While they found someone to cook. So I give MilkBoy a big fat zero, they may good ratings for happy hour but that's only drinks. Food is food.Excellent drinks but terrible service at least when I went. I've had good experiences here before but midday on a Saturday, it wasn't great. The bartender was incredibly inattentive and rude. In fact she told me a drink that I wanted to order wasn't available, only for me to see another bartender make it for another patron less than 45 minutes later.Cool bar. Great drinks. Pretty laid back and a good place to meet with friends for drinks or a bite.  Service is really good.  Dan is hysterical.
Food is really good.  The Korean BBQ Steak sandwich will change your life!Only here for a few minutes but they hit the spot (at the right time) with their "Waiting Room" drink, which is essentially alcoholic mint chocolate milk. HOW COULD THIS BE BAD?Great bar and music venue in Center City. Their house Old Fashioned with Rittenhouse Rye is worth a try (no rhyming intended). Decent selection of local and craft beers. During the winter they have warm cocktails which are great when its 25 outside and you can't bring yourself to drink a cold beer. Glass garage doors open up on warm nights.I stopped by with a group of friends during their third shift happy hour and was pretty disappointed. We sat down at a table and no waitress ever came by. My friend had to get up and ask her to bring us a menu after we'd been sitting for about 20 minutes. She then came by take our drink orders, and returned 15 minutes later with Half of our drinks and forgot what else we ordered. We also had to hound her down to try to get some food ordered. Midway through eating, my friend found a piece of hair in her fries and after I finished my donuts, my friend spotted a hair in my donut sauce. Overall poor service and way too much hair in the food!After a great concert night and fun times, what a great place for the Hangover Burger and a Bloody Mary!  Just a great hole in the wall neighborhood bar n grill.  Excellent food and service.  Place gets packed at noon time but fun!friendly bartenders, ok drinks, but the hot wings are incredible! crispy but not dry.Alright let's take a journey, shall we? We went to milkboy on a nice summer night with the best of expectations and all three of us left very disappointed. The service was sloooowwww. Sat down and only got two menus for the three of us, when the waitress saw us crowding each other to share the menu, she didn't bring a third. Ordered drinks, they came eventually and mine was disgusting and too strong. That's not the restaurants problem, but rather my mistake. I pushed it to the side and ordered something new. The waitress said nothing. Eventually she asked if she could take away the first drink and I said yes, I didn't like it, I had made a mistake. I figured it would be taken off the bill, but I was wrong. They charged for both, $18 down the drain. We sat there for about 20 minutes and finally she came back to check on us to see if we needed more drinks, we had to ask if we could order food and oddly enough she turned to go back inside and completely skipped my friends order...weird. I don't think the waitress was trying to be rude, but was just slow and aloof. Finally the food comes, my one friend's burger is wrong.. my pork tacos ($13) were awful! Boring, small and falling apart. We all left dissatisfied with the food completely. My friend asked for a soda refill and it never came...Ugh! Come here to sit outside and drink, not for the food or service.i'm a big fan of these bar/coffee experiences. milkboy is pretty dope, and is the bright spot in that 11th & chestnut corridor. love their chip-style french fries, and the open air feel.I hit up Philly this weekend to get away from NYC for a few and stumbled upon Milkboy while strolling around. I like a good, strong cup of coffee and thankfully, didn't have to settle for D&D across the street. 
Walked in expecting a coffee bar but was happily surprised to see an actual bar, it was the middle of the day (Monday) and a couple patrons were having drinks. I ordered a cappuccino which was perfect! Perfect balance of expresso and foam. I asked for a shot of liquor in it but then wouldn't have been able to take it to go...oh well. 
The staff was very friendly and welcoming! Really nice vibe and cool space. I'd def come back to check out a show next time i'm in town.not sure what their eat-in is like, but their to-go is a total ripoff! i ordered their citrus salad & tomato bisque & for $16 i got a *half* of a small coffee cup's worth of soup & 2 (loosely packed) cups of salad consisting of bagged field greens, cucumbers, onions, orange slices, croutons, 1/10 of a grilled chicken breast (if that) & a tiny ramekin of dressing which was more oil than anything else. i don't mind small portions, but not for so-so food for such a high price! live & learn....fuel from now on.Working in Center City, MilkBoy is a very convenient location for a centrally located happy hour. They have decent deals ($2 off beer, wine and specialty cocktails) and a fairly large drink menu. I have never eaten food here but friends I have been there with have and they usually say it is "ok". Service is spotty, I have had maybe one attentive server any time I have been there but most of the time I find myself waiting 5-10 minutes for an introduction/menu and asking for the check while ordering my last drink because you never know how long it will take them to get it to you. The one specialty cocktail, the skinny colada, is AMAZING and worth going to MilkBoy just for that!Excellent coffee and hot sauce for breakfast, but in inspired omelet and the toast had a hint of kitchen disinfectant. Cool venue.  Potential for greatness..Pretty cool place and good choice of drinks. The cocktail I had (Sojo) was ok but not anything special. The service was helpful and friendly and the music was good. A good place to go for a drink after a meal but probably wouldn't go for more than one drink.A quick bite to eat be for Auto Show. The meatballs were delicious.. friends tried the chicken sandwich and the Korean BBQ that were equally delicious. Overall a nice experience.The best bar on the city with the absolute BEST staff!!! I always feel at home at Milkboy!Cool music venue spot.  I didn't eat here but spent the night upstairs seeing some awesome local music.  
Few things to know... the bar is cash only and the bathrooms (upstairs) are gross. Just letting you know.This is a great spot to enjoy drinks with friends! I had an excellent time for my first visit with my friend who dubs this as his 'favorite bar in Philly'. I plan to come back soon. In the summer it's an open air bar because the side of the building are garage doors that are open. Of course weather permitted they will close them. 
Upstairs is a music venue but we didn't check that out. Instead we had a few drinks at the bar downstairs! The music that was played downstairs was excellent. It was a selection of rock music and for the hour or two that I was there I can honestly say I liked every song that came on. 
I ordered the Fireball + Cider drink for $9 and I enjoyed every sip. It was served in a mason jar which made it extra special! This is a mixed drink that tasted like cinnamon apple juice for grown ups! Yummy. I think the drink was worth the money because the establishment is very nice. 
Kevin was our bartender and he was really nice and kept making sure that we had what we needed if our glasses were empty! See you soon.My Friend and I were in town seeing Guns N Roses at Lincoln Financial Field and we're looking for a place to eat and have some drinks this place was a no Brainer. This being my first time I couldn't wait. 
This place is Awesome! I mean really Awesome!  From the first step in the door I knew it was gonna be great. Metallica was playing on the radio, The staff were on point and very friendly it was the great vibe. The beer menu was amazing,I got a Yards Pynk and then i looked at the menu and was mesmerized by the all the creations from the Roasted Zucchini Hummus with pickled es Cauliflower , Pork Belly Grilled Cheese and the BBQ Chicken sliders with  Butter Pickles . I could have easily spent the whole night here trying everything on the menu. Bill and his staff are amazing Great job! I'll definitely be back with friends.  If you're in the city this is a must try.The server was nice but the food took a little long for hummus to come out but it was good and the turkey sandwich was delicious. I'll be back.Really chill place. Great music selection. $5 shots, good beer selection and good food. Definitely stop by here.Wasn't that great at all. Cheeseburger was pretty small and I asked for medium rare and it was more like well done. Also, the waitress was pretty rude and could barley even fake a smileI was a bit surprised by this Milkboy as the one in Ardmore is so different. This milkboy is more of a bar, less of a coffee shop/entertainment venue. Either way, i still ordered a latte which was surprisingly good. My hubby got a couple of beers and was overall surprised by their selection. It was a Sunday so the place was packed with football fans, and surprisingly from the opposing team. They have lots of TV's to keep everyone happy on a Sunday.I love this place. I've never eaten there, only a few drinks. Always great, lesser known bands.MilkBoy has medical-themed cocktails like "the Doctor" and "the Pharmacist" to cater to the MD hopefuls across the street, and that pretty much sums this place up.
MilkBoy the bar is a very simple bar that serves as a watering hole for weary Jefferson students; they have a selection of wines, hard liquor and what appears to be a very lackluster rotation on tap with a few "craft beers" injected into their for shits and giggles.
Also the bar is very loud. It might be something I would have enjoyed back when I was still in under/postgrad, but whereas my idea of a bar is some place I want to stay and enjoy a drink while contemplating my surroundings for a long time, this place seems to cater more to those whose objectives are more inclined towards leaving the bar for a risque night on town.
I can see how MilkBoy might appeal to crowds of a certain distinction, but it's really not my cup of tea.Hannah and Rachel are the actual greatest things ever. I love them So much and they will provide the best serviceA must if you're looking for an affordable bar in Philly! Always have had awesome service and the best drinks. You can't beat $5 shots! Definitely worth the visit. You won't be disappointed!OK, so, apparently only some of the staff know what's what about coffee.
Which is OK because this place is more of a restaurant/bar/music venue and less of a coffee shop. Plenty of actual coffee shops nearby.
I'll let you know that I've also decided that I don't like their house blend. Not that it's bad coffee, it's just that the roast is too dark for me. Should be fine for those of you who like dark roasts. If and when I get coffee from this here Milkboy, I'll stick with the rotating coffee of the week (usually a lighter roast).Awesome beers. Huge selection. Good burgers. Don't get why the name is what it is a but I don't care because my time there was great. A friend and I went for dinner around 8 and it was packed - we grabbed the last seats and ordered our drinks/food immediately since we were starving. It took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, but it was totally worth the wait. The burger was juicy and flavorful, and the fried chicken sandwich was recommended to me by waitress - great suggestion, btw. It had spices in the batter which gave it a nice flavorful crunch. Would love to get that recipe chef! Overall, very good experience, nice staff, def recommend for small groups of friends/dates.Fun place with great music. Great selection of beers in cans. Small but good selection on tap. The food menu looks nice but we really only wanted beer.Service was slowish, the drink I had was good but not great, and it's a packers bar. So it just left a 'not as good as I thought' feeling. Maybe it deserves a second shot.Open air doors r up come and hang out, food is good , I can park in target parking lot free for 1/2 hrI have one major complaint.  The Jack Cider is listed as $5 a can but when the bill came I was charged $6 a can.  When I questioned this the waitress came back and said, "sorry, that's a menu issue, the cost is $6."  There was no offer to remove the added cost.  Not good business practce.My friends and I went here for a show on a Saturday night. We did not eat. The beers are very reasonably priced and I fell in love with the fact that they give you a kuzy with each beer and then you can "crush" your can before they recycle it. I thought the space was pretty cool. I had heard that there were complaints of it being too loud but I didn't find that to be the case. The bartenders were very nice.SO let me start by saying, this is not likely to be my last visit to Milkboy and probably not my last review -- there is time for redemption. 
Our server was very knowledgable and sweet. She ran down all the the beer subsitutions (and there were quite a few) and seemed to know what she was talking about with regard to the beer selection. We didn't have to wait long for service and our beers were delivered promptly. 
I ordered chips and salsa. Unfortunately they were sub-par but this isn't a mexican restaurant so I wasn't expecting a whole lot. Just a little something to fill my belly before I destoryed my liver at the Flyers game. Others got burritos, meatball veggie soup, etc. Everyone had kind of the same reaction to their food as I did to mine... it was just "okay."   
The real issue I had was with the check. First, the check took forever. We were on the way to a Flyers game and were pressed for time. Second, when you advise of substitutions to your beer list you should also mention that said substitutions are not equal in price to the originals. The bill was a bit surprising because we were expecting that the $5 beer would have been substituted with another $5 beer -- not a $6 beer. Finally, when you take my money to ring me out please do so with some courtesy for my time. Taking the check and then chatting with your coworkers for 10+ minutes before you even get to the register with it is totally unacceptable. I am sure that conversation about your plans for after work could have waited 5 minutes while you rang me up and returned my credit card to me. 
Seems they have some kinks to work out but the beer was solid and I'll likely give them a 2nd shot before deciding they aren't worth the time.For over a year I'd seen this corner space covered in plywood and posters, completely ignorant as to the genius that was being built behind the scenes. I only assumed that this corner fell into ranks with the rest of the vacant spaces that occupy this area of Center City that I've recently heard referred to as "the donut hole." A sad, but fitting name for an area with great potential but little success. Well I'm happy to announce that this donut finally has a dipping companion, and its name is: Milkboy (get it? Coffee and donuts...I thought it was clever).
I knew, only by word of mouth, the awesomeness of the other two Milkboy Coffee locations. A coffee shop and music venue: how could you go wrong with that combination? My friend and I decided to stop here late last week to finally give it a try. I was feeling particularly sluggish after a long day at work, and thought some coffee would be the perfect pick-me-up. You can see before you even go inside what incredible potential this place has. The main entrance is on Chestnut Street, but they've actually converted the 11th Street side of the building into two huge garage-door style entrances where patrons are able to enjoy indoor/outdoor seating. When we entered there was a huge staircase in front of us, I can only imagine leading to the space that will eventually become the music venue (can't wait!). The downstairs space is actually somewhat limited, due largely to the fact that most of the room is occupied by the bar. Oh yea, did I mention this place serves alcohol?!
We decided to snag a seat at the bar, seeing as to get to the coffee register you have to walk all the way to the end of the room. Not sure if this was the best decision logistically, but I'm not complaining. Anyway, once we took our seat my attention quickly turned from that much-needed boost of caffeine to the cool intoxication of a beer. Their drink menu, while limited in size, had a nice selection of both draught and canned beers. Also, if you're looking to get loaded, they offer a Straub beer and shot of JD for a measly $6. Both my friend and I opted for a Wild Onion's Pumpkin Ale. I'd never heard of this craft brewery before, but it was arguably one of the best pumpkin beers I've tried. Wonderfully spiced and a great reminder that Fall's quickly approaching.
I also decided to sample something from their (limited) food menu. There were a lot of burrito options, which seemed random, however, seeing as their kitchen only recently opened I'm sure over time their menu will expand along with their exposure. I decided to try the "Pickled Veggie Tempura" on the recommendation of our bartender. Lightly battered, house-pickled veggies served with buttermilk dipping sauce. Delicious. Check em out.
All in all, I really enjoyed my first visit to Milkboy. I'm glad to see that all the time and red tape that was encountered while working to secure and convert this space has finally paid off. I'm looking forward to catching a show here sometime soon, not to mention grabbing a cup of their coffee...that is, if I can keep away from the bar.I just popped in hoping to ease a Sunday morning hangover with a stomach settling drink and a bite to eat.  I ordered a Dark & Stormy and an egg sandwich to go.  The barista had never made one before and the ginger beer to rum ratio was a little high, but that was fine with me - probably what I needed so early.  The egg sandwich was absolutely delicious...perfectly cooked eggs, nicely seasoned on a toasty bun with plenty of gooey cheese and a dash of hot sauce.  It came with delicious hand cut fries and a few pickles.  I work nearby so I walk past this place many evenings and it's always crowded.  Can't speak for the night time crowd, but I'd definitely give it another shot.Have been here a few times to see The Fleeting Ends. Music was fabulous, locale was fine but nothing out of the ordinary. Drinks were good, not a lot of seating or standing room downstairs. Bar is cash only, which always annoys me but isn't totally uncommon.I've been coming here somewhat frequently as I just moved to the Washington Square area. This is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots around. It's a GREAT happy hour spot when the weather is nice. 
The service has been timely and pleasant each time we have gone. Drinks have not disappointed either. "The Doctor" is an excellent gin-based cocktail that I will definitely be ordering again. The food is good too (have only tried wings & nachos). 
On multiple occasions with different servers, the staff has been knowledgable about their drink menu and able/willing to take the time to make solid recommendations based on what the customer likes or may be curious about trying. This goes a long way for someone like me, as I hate feeling as though asking questions is a nuisance for wait staff. 
I will definitely be coming back again as well as spreading the word :)A great, welcoming Philadelphia bar. Come to meet the diverse crowds of Jefferson staff and Packer fans. Small but solid rotating draft list. Great space with some interesting lithographs, including one of a Packer fan passed out in front of Lambeau Field, the Green Bay Packer stadium. Curious about the story behind this, regular patrons reveal the legend of a Texan traveling to Wisconsin and converting to the local team, who rested peacefully after his first Live Packer Game.Not thrilled with this place -- the best thing it has going for it is the location.
The last time I was here, it was hot as hell outside the World Cup was going on.  It was HOT as hell in this place.  The fans weren't even going.  Eek.
I ordered an Arnold Palmer and the server brought me a mix of coffee and "lemonade" -- complete with coffee grounds.  
The food, however, was good.  My friend had the bbq pulled chicken sliders and I had the hangover burger.
There is nothing extraordinary about Milkboy, but if you're in the area around happy hour, it doesn't hurt to stop in.  A solid "C" place.Came here for a quick drink after a show at the Troc.  Didn't realize it was mainly a coffee joint until reading the reviews here on Yelp.  Go figure.
The place feels bigger than it actually is because one wall is almost entirely open to the outside... made for a nice setting on a comfortable Sept night.  
They have a great canned beer selection (which has been my recent obsession) and a somewhat interesting bar menu.  Sadly, I didn't get to try the bacon bowl (yes, a bowl of spiced honey bacon with blue cheese dressing!) because the kitchen was closed.  Boooo!
Bartenders were friendly and took my buzzed "talkiness" in stride.  
Overall, it felt like the type of place I'd frequent for a low key night if I lived in the area...Stopped in for a couple victory beers with a coworker whilst I waited for the wife to finish up work. We stumbled upon it kind of randomly but am glad we did. 
The place is light and airy even though its not a huge space downstairs. I didn't venture upstairs so can't comment on that. The ceilings were high which added to this feeling. Had a cool vibe. There wasn't many people there on a Wednesday at 4:00, but I'm betting it can get busy.
The bartenders were all very friendly and personable willing to chit-chat when we wanted and then would leave us alone when we were jabbering about business junk. 
They have a good selection of beers on tap that should please just about anyone. We ordered the chips and salsa app which came with homemade, fresh out of the fryer tortilla chips. We could tell they just came out of the fryer because they were still glistening with the oil, but would doesn't like eating oil?! The salsa was just the right consistency and tasted like it was just made that day. 
We noticed the bacon bowl that the folks next to us ordered, but unfortunately we had to leave. I will be back for that wornderfully awful bowl of bacon goodness, I promise you that. 
I just wish I had a reason to be in that area more so I could make Milkboy my regular hangout spot.Here for a show the ticket and their own website say starts at 8:00.  Turns out it isn't until 9:30. I'm from New Orleans, where 8:00 means 9:00.  Milkboy!for starters, im reviewing the upstairs venue.  
as a customer, the bar is small.  when the perfomance starts, be prepared to stand because there are an absence of seats.  i'm talking less than 20 in a room that holds 100.  wtf?!
the bartender couldnt get me a drink i wanted without going downstairs.  i said no thank you.  the veggie burrito was pretty good, though.
as a performer, there is no green room.  if you want to attract musicians of any calibre, the treat them well.  this is unacceptable.  the sound was ok.  i would probably beg off the next gig there.Was here early afternoon on July 4th with my sister and cousin.  We had a few snacks and drinks ( a steak app I can't remember the name of and sangria) both were very good.  I have been here a few times, I must say what made this experience better than most was our bartender Dan.  He was funny, attentive, and even bought us a shot when he found out we were there for my sister's batchlorette. We stayed at this place the longest of the day just because of the great service we received from Dan, thanks again!After having stopped in Milkboy a few times, it really is a decent spot to grab some coffee or a drink or see a show or maybe all 3.
Upstairs is a large area with a stage where they host live music.  Beer-wise, you can sit at either of the bars and find a nice selection of drafts.
Personally, I dig their coffee.  At the time of writing, they were brewing up Dallas Brothers out of New York and at just over a buck a cup, it's hard to argue with.
I don't have much to say about the food because I haven't had it.  If I do, I'll make sure to update my review.Wait, did I really just eat at homey grilled cheese sandwich with tomato bisque for lunch at MILKBOY today?  The restaurant that's also a concert venue...?  Milkboy - the place where I TRIED to enjoy this $10 entry concert with my cousin, but failed because the band was just making me all sadfaced like this: :-( ?
OMG, my interestin Milkboy has been restored due to the crazy good lunch I just had today :-) 
The tomato bisque was sooo chunky !  I loved it!  And I had never dipped a grilled cheese sandwich into tomato soup before either, so how excited was I?  Yeah, I was deprived as a kiddo (though as an adult I had grilled cheese with tomato slices in the sandwich...).
Anyway, bravo, Milkboy, I am coming back soon, but probably with more of a craving for alcohol...or coffee for that matter ;-PI like this place on a sunny afternoon for happy hour (4-7pm). They open up the garage doors, so whether you score a seat outside or grab a drink inside, you can still enjoy the nice weather. The waitstaff is friendly and accommodating - when our party outgrew the tables we were at, they helped us move to another area and push some tables together. Also, I had started out ordering drinks at the bar and the waitress was kind enough to serve me at the table under the same tab! 
I had some of my friend's cheesy potatoes which were pretty good, but I was starving by that point. My friends ordered some wraps and tacos and all seemed pleased. 
On the weekends, this place can get crowded and the bar area is a bit narrow what with the huge wooden barrels they've converted to tables lining the wall. I've heard they have live music here sometimes, but I am not sure where they set up, because it seems kind of tight. I'll have to check it out sometime though!
Overall, I'd say it's definitely a good stop for happy hour!Gotta like the quote at the bottom of the drink menu:'Happy Hour for Every Shift'  this is right below the opening hours, which is 7am. So I thinking third shift happy hour which I know I have gotten before. But today no way! 'Sorry I know it's misleading' is what I was told. Only one happy hour. I guess I have to cross this off list for place to go after my occasional all night shift.*Review only of upstairs show/venue space.
Caught the Subways here last Wednesday night and had a blast.
The area is slightly grungy, but in a good way.  The drinks were more varied than I was expecting given the reviews--they had mixed as well as the canned beers.  Got myself a Strongbow and it was ice cold--much appreciated.
 Seems the Milkboy attracts a certain type of chilled out crowd.  The vibes were great all night, even the staff.
In contrast to some other reviews, the stage is high enough so that it can be seen from the back of the room, but it wasn't a packed house when I went, so I could be wrong (I'm also tall).  I wouldn't want to know what it's like on a weekend they over-sell, though, especially on a warmer night.  Pretty bare bones venue--there is no backroom, so you'll see your favorite band dragging their gear up through the audience.  And they may very well crowd-surf, etc.
 But in my one experience, the long narrow space made for an intimate, fun show.
Would definitely come back.
PS: the (co-ed!) bathrooms are surprisingly clean.Best non-Mexican style nachos I've ever had. Full of an incredible amount of chewy cheese (more than any other place by far), delicious sauce, tasty chorizo, and not a single crispy chip left unattended by toppings.
Bartenders were very attentive and nice. Breeze from the big open doors was just perfect on a warm Saturday afternoon.Great place to go when the weather is nice. Great beer selection and good cocktails. Decent food but not outstanding. Full disclosure:  I am a packers fan and this is a packers bar.The food was delicious BUT BEWARE the price on the menu and itemize receipt was two different prices. It would have been a simple remedy but the bartender lied about the discrepancy in the bill instead of initially fixing it. He reported the food price on the receipt had food tax but none else food had food tax BUT ME. Such a shame because the food was delicious.I don't frequent Philly that often, but I was here for a show the other night, and must say it was a fantastic experience! Had a couple of "Doctors" drinks which were delicious. The Cheesesteak Au Poivre (not your typical Philly cheesesteak -- this was chunks of steak, open-faced, with a delicious mornay cheese sauce) & Fries were equally as good. So... great food, drinks, and staff, and even the bathrooms were spotless. Loved it, and would go back in a heartbeat!I am yelping this while I wait an extraordinary amount of time for a drink. Such is service here. My friend literally had to crush a beer can on the bar to get the attention if one of the 4 hipsters behind the bar. Drinks are inventive and tasty, the food solid, the menu vast, but a bit pricey for what it is. And, oh, did I mention service is pretty bad?Meh.
Stopped in for a quick drink with my boyfriend on a Saturday night.  We sat ourselves at the bar, which was empty save for one other couple.  I was initially excited because I thought that meant we'd get great service from one of the two bartenders.
Nope.
The bartender didn't greet us, so we greeted him.  This seemed to startle and/or bother him.  We asked for two drafts, he obliged, then never really looked at us again.  No pleasantries, no friendly bartender banter.  
I don't know - maybe our sweaters and button-downs weren't hipster enough? Haha... it's a shame that the service wasn't better, because the bar itself is pretty cool even in spite of its short draft list.  Loved the decor and the huge open windows, but aesthetics alone are not enough to bring me back.This place is pretty cool. I eat meat; i love the bacon cheese jalapeño fries and I like their burger, milk boys food is pretty food. Great selection of beer, and I love the canned beer selection.
The bartenders are always extremely friendly, something that may actually turn some people off.
The only downside is that their nachos are pretty lame, though for philly they aren't too bad.Love it! Such a fun friendly vibe. We sat outside and started with the bacon bowl. There is no possible way to describe how delicious these favors are. So good. I'll be dreaming of that for days. My husband had the grilled cheese with sea salt cheese fries that were homemade. I had the steak chopped salad. It was excellent and a very big portion. Great beer selection. Great food. Wait staff was very friendly. Just a fun simple menu. Well priced.Great bar with great drinks. MilkBoy is a nice cafe during the day with some really good coffee. It's actually been a really good spot to go read or study at. The downstairs has a very calm and decorative atmosphere and a very nice decor to it.
At night, they have concerts upstairs which has more of a dive bar atmosphere and there is room to dance. I personally like the downstairs better at night as they serve their signature cocktails there. THey us egg white to add to their whiskey sours and have aged whisky in barrels for their manhattans. Our bartender was very knowledgeable and skilled. The Manhattan they make is very good but be sure to ask about their different whiskeys before ordering it. I have has the Spicy Alexander a few times which is probably my favorite drink there. It's great if you like bourbon and fireball. Milkboy is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots in Philly.Went to Milkboy this morning with two friends. We ordered and never got our food. Our waitress took our order and disappeared. After 30 minutes she reappeared and we asked after our food. She told us that it would be a few more minutes. 15 minutes later we left without ever getting our food. Given the fact that there aren't a ton of tables, I am not sure what was going on and people who arrived after us were done eating when we left. 
If it were possible, I'd ask to be reimbursed for the 45 minutes of my life I can't get back and the inconvenience.Went here Saturday night around 10 for some light eats and drinks with friends. The server with the short hair was so rude and obnoxious. She had such an attitude with us for absolutely no reason. I've been in the business all my life and she got extremely upset when I asked her to recommend a cocktail. Then she took my friends half  drunken Moscow Mule ... Trying to clear us from the table. It was such negative energy coming from her and  pretty bad service. Everything else like atmosphere and foods / drinks were really good. Sucks that they let terrible people like her work at such a cool spot.Great location, awesome food, friendly service (thanks Erin.) Had the bbq kimchi sandwich and Marshall stack cocktail. They have a venue spot upstairs that host bands and acts so you can get your grub and music on...enjoy!I wasn't thrilled with MilkBoy. (c'mon, Yelpers, I trusted you guys!) The food could have been better especially for how long I waited for it. I went around 2:30-3:00p on a Thursday and it was just OKAY. I only got the pizza fries, and the Hummus appetizer, but I had a bite of a burger, which wasn't spectacular. 
Great atmosphere, but not great food. I'd definitely give it a try for drinks sometime!Stopped by for an iced latte and salad for lunch. Yummy yummy!
The iced caramel latte is divine. Creamy & unburned coffee that will make you smack yourself on the wrist for ever going in to a Starbucks.
Spiced orange salad was amazing! Lightly spiced vinaigrette. The chicken was seasoned and warm off to the side. Filling but not overly so. Perfect for a hot afternoon lunch outside.Probably one of the best bars in the city, the food is always on point, with an array of options! Staff is extra friendly and extremely helpful. There is a show space upstairs with another bar that has a great feel and the band line up is always a good one! Stop in and try one of their boozy coffee drinks! Milkboy does not disappoint!!!I'm in grad school in center city, and Milkboy is the most convenient bar location near me. However, the space is way too small and it seems to always be overcrowded. Their happy hour drinks are really good however, way too overpriced. The serving size for their appetizers are very small and not worth the price in my opinion. To top it off, after taking our order, the waitress took so long to circle back around to our table, no frequent checkups, nothing. Felt like we were constantly hunting her down. Not cool. Anyway, It's not a bad spot if you're looking for a quick drink but definitely not one of my favorites.I've been here twice just for the downstairs bar, and not the upstairs music venue, so I'll limit my comments to the downstairs area - a beautiful, modern establishment with large windowed garage doors overlooking the street. 
The coffee cocktails are seriously heavenly concoctions with a real chocolatey kick to them, whether the Picket Line (double chocolate vodka with espresso) or the Waiting Room (frangelico, peppermint schnapps, hot chocolate, and coffee). The Nurse, meanwhile, is a delightfully creamy mix of whipped vodka and orange juice.
Service was courteous and efficient each time we were there, and, overall, the place has a lively yuppie atmosphere. A good mix of counter chairs, small tables, and booths to sit in downstairs. The upstairs music venue is super crowded and is long and narrow like the downstairs area, as others have mentioned. I can't comment on the quality of the music or of MilkBoy's commitment to the local music scene, but as a simple place to hang out, they've converted an older corner of the neighborhood into a sleek, modern gem.Saw a concert upstairs! Bartenders were quick and friendly!One of my favorite bars in Philly. The food is terrific, the service is excellent, and they get great bands upstairs. Try the Korean steak, one of the best steak sandwiches in a town known for them.Went here over the weekend and really enjoyed myself. The service was awesome. Our server was very helpful, funny and attentive (but not overly attentive). I had the burger while my friends had the wings and brussels sprouts-all equally delicious. The only complaint I have is that the back door was broken and wouldn't shut properly. Therefore anytime someone walked in or out, we had to get up and shut the door given it was 20 degrees out. Hopefully they will fix that soon. Sounds like it's a good summer spot, judging by other reviews, so looking forward to revisiting.Saw on the menu that they serve Caulisteak: Cauliflower, mushrooms w/garlic aoli.  I love Cauliflower so I thought that it would look, smell and taste like a cheesesteak sandwich.  Wrong!   The roll itself is on point but, the star of the sandwich was not.  The cauliflower look and taste like it was boiled, blanched and then sauteed, the mushrooms look like porcini that was chopped small and fried. Let's not talk about the "Garlic Aoli"!  It looked like 'American cheese'.  It had no taste whatsoever! This sandwich was "horrible".  Unfortunately, 6ftunder the restaurant is permanently closed so I had to opt to come to this place for a 'vegan' sandwich.  First and last time.  Will not be returning!My review is based on the upstairs live music space. We tried to get in before the show to get some food but the restaurant was full. There was no hostess so you just grab a table when it opens up and we were starving so we went somewhere else. The food looked really good so I hope we can go back  the future.
Getting to the show was a little awkward. Since it was so cold there was a line of ppl in the middle of the restaurant. I felt bad standing there bc we were so close to the tables and the servers had a hard time getting through. The upstairs space is very long and narrow with the stage at one end. It's good for up and coming artists bc it doesn't feel empty. The only bad thing is that depending on how many ppl are there you may be pretty far back. The bar is at the opposite end which was nice and they had a pretty extensive drink menu and some food. I would def go back if there is someone I want to see.7 AM and I wanted breakfast. Not familiar with the area I walked down the street to find a place that would serve me a beer at breakfast with a smile. Extremely friendly staff and very tasty breakfast. This post-punk styled bar was a wonderful treat. The Chai Bourbon was amazing. Chai, Honey and Bourbon. I did not expect the three to go so well together but they did. Something I am going to make at home for sure. 
If you want to get drunk before noon, come here.Pretty hipster joint - it's a cozy corner place that's great if you are looking to carry on a conversation.  Good place for a date or to meet and catch up with friend. They have some good draught beer selections. Have yet to try it, but I have heard they have some pretty bangin mac n' cheese.  Check out the upstairs, too.This is a good place to visit for happy hour. It's a "safe bet" place for me and my coworker.  It can get a little crowded sometimes, but if you can grab a table the food and drinks are great!  I recommend the Spicy Alexander :)This is a solid happy hour spot, especially in the summer with the open garage door. I've had drinks and apps in the downstairs bar on multiple occasions and although it is a little snug, I always manage to find a table. They have a great selection of beers  and enough bar snacks to satisfy every munchie craving. Service can be on the slower side, but it's never been a big issue and definitely hasn't stopped me from returning. 
SIPS lovers: They have a great Mojito on special, which is served in a mason jar so it's larger than typical cocktails at other sips spots. And half priced nachos & quesadillas!pretty expencive , two can beers 12 dollars. but the staff and the environment is pretty cool.I found out from a friend that Milkboy opened in center city, very close to my place of employment.  I remember hearing from other friends that their Ardmore location had a TON of awesome vegan food on their menu and good coffee to boot.  I checked their menu for their Ardmore location and got really excited at the prospect of having a warm vegan breakfast (tofu scrambles and vegan scrapple, hell yes!) available to me on my way in to work.  With that being said, I spared no time in checking out the center city location for lunch.  
When I got there, I was greeted by a waitress/barista and I asked if I can place a take out order, she handed me the menu and upon looking at it, was immediately disappointed in the vegan options, there are barely any!  No tofu, no tempeh bacon, no scrapple, no vegan cheese (daiya), just seitan and roasted veggies.  Not even any vegan baked goods!  Maybe it's just because they just opened and are just trying to figure out the kitchen before expanding their menu?  I don't know, but I ordered their seitan cheesesteak anyway (sans cheese, SO lame).  After waiting for almost 30 minutes (no exaggeration, literally 30 minutes!), I finally got my order and proceeded back to my office to dig into lunch.  I opened the container and seriously couldn't believe I just paid $9.72 for a 6 inch seitan cheesesteak.  Cut into half, I felt like I was eating a finger sandwich, not a cheesesteak.  That really sucked.  Coupled with the long wait time, the confusing ordering (I had to order my coffee and food separately), the fact that I heard the owner or manager yell at one of the employees, it was just NOT a good experience.  
Vegans, do yourself a favor and skip this place.  $10 for a kid-sized sandwich??  Ugh, I feel like I just got played.  And who knows if there is any cross-contamination going on the cooking surfaces.  Go to Blackbird, and get yourself a real sandwich that's double the size AND cheaper.  If you're looking for a beer to go with your food, there are PLENTY of gastropubs in center city that cater to vegans and your omnivorous friends - Monk's, Knodding Head, Khyber Pass Pub, just to name a few.
Note: I have Milkboy two stars just because in theory, this place would be great.  Coffee, beer, veg-friendly food and live music.  Hopefully over time, the negatives will get ironed out.Let me start off by saying that my crew and I were unfortunately a bit obnoxious while we were there, so they won some bonus points with me for being so nice about it.  We were literally having a meeting (for which more than a few of us pregamed), and they were still pretty polite even though we stayed at the table a decent amount longer than we were actually eating.  Food is pretty good.  The prices aren't disgusting, but they aren't great.  They tend to have live music, so if you're into that, would recommend.  I will say that they took a really long time to prepare food and bring the check, but that, of course, may be due to the fact that they're a bar as well and probably weren't thinking about food as much on a Friday eveningNow after a few more visits I have to say DO NOT SEE A SHOW HERE IN THE SUMMER. The air conditioning is almost a nonfactor. Went to see Fishbone this past August and although it was in the high nineties that day the upstairs temperature was like the surface of the sun. It was so hot that one of the band members actually started to get heat stroke. They took a break and took him outside giving him water and putting ice on the back of his neck. It was so bad they wheeled a stretcher across11th street from Jefferson and took him into the E.R.. They had to come back on without him. When they did retake the stage 60% of the crowd had already filed out. Management really needs to do something about the air or I for one would not recommend any show during the Summer months.The boy found the punch bowl intriguing so we stopped in one weekend during the day. They didn't have it. The waitress said it was because they didn't have the glasses for it. We just had beers and an order of fries just to have a bite. It was hot inside and the floor to ceiling windows were open so rendering the inside and outside seating virtually seamless. This I thought was a mistake. In Philly weather where rain is likely but unpredictable, the humidity intense, and 3-4 months of a year are subject to snow, outdoor seating is rarely a pleasant option, there's no reason to render the inside of the establishment as unbearable as the outside. 
The beers were mostly canned; there were few drafts. The fries, topped with cheese and jalapenos, were unremarkable (also, inexplicably cut into sheets although that's neither here nor there). While nothing was terribly overpriced, it was abundantly clear that we overpaid for products ranging from less than to just about mediocre. I've never seen the place packed to the brim, but I've certainly seen it busier than when we visited. This is maybe a decent stop for quick and moderately priced dinner and drinks? Not sure I would return any time soon with all the other great options around, but I am still curious about that punch.Good drink menu and a nice crowd on a Saturday night. I like that the venue for bands is right upstairs. It's a bit like a shoebox upstairs, but it's a fun little place!First time there last night.  I am vegetarian and decided to go for the grilled seitan sandwich.  I'm fine with greasy food but the sandwich was literally dripping grease/ oil and there was a pool of oil on the plate.  It was pretty gross.  My friend had the grilled cheese and tomato soup which he said was good.  Overall can't give it more than 2 stars and wanted to warn other vegetarians to maybe try something else on the menu.Meh.
Came in for lunch on a weekday with a friend. The place was dead. I counted 3 staff members working, all looked at us, none of them could be bothered to greet us. They had much more important things to do. Like drying glasses. Getting us menus or taking our order seemed like the last thing anyone wanted to do. I asked our waitress a simple question about a dish and she looked at me with the angriest face. She never once smiled until it was time to drop the check and get a tip. 
Bottom line: Rude service. Food was alright. Won't be back. Too many other good places in town I'd rather give my money to.I was surprised at how great a venue it is. The beer prices are worthwhile. The food is pretty decent. A nice place to hang out before seeing a band. I have been there twice and had a great experience both times.Both times I've been here my servers were friendly and gave recommendations which were spot on - I'm glad I went with their advice. They have traditional pub food like wings, hummus, sliders, chips and salsa but then there's the non-traditional - bacon bowl (why isn't everyone serving this?!), fried chicken skins, and cheese curds. This place gets crowded quickly, but let me tell you, the apps are totally worth the wait! They also have live music during the week in the upstairs seating area.There is definitely limited seating on the first floor which is where most people seem to hang out. But the outdoor seating area is decent especially on nice days BUT it's on the sidewalk so people are rushing past you - keep your purse close ladies!
The rating is for the seating/bathrooms which could use an upgrade. Overall if you are looking for a fun place to just chill, I would definitely recommend this place.The food and service was awesome. I had the sloppy joe, and my wife had the Korean BBQ. Yes, of course we started with a Bacon Bowl. Out of this world drink selection with specials on tap. Don't miss their schedule of over the top music acts performing on the second floor!!  Milk boy is a must for people of all ages!!While I have enjoyed the shows here, and the food is rather good, I recently experienced some of the worst customer service I have ever had. Very disappointed.
I work around the corner, and my co-workers and I placed an order for pickup. We waited 15 minutes and walked over to pick up our order. It took the three employees 10 minutes to even acknowledge me, even though I went right to the register with my wallet in hand. 
The girl who finally helped me not only walked away in the middle of my transaction to help two other customers, but she kept the coin portion of my change. Working in the service industry myself, I always make it a point to tip take out servers... Not this time. The assumption that the change was hers was frankly the straw that broke the camel's back. 
I will not be returning, sadly. I would have loved to continue supporting delicious local venues, but we can get our lunch elsewhere.Great coffee, great food, and great happy hour....How can anyone not like this place?
I've stopped by  here a couple times for lunch. I love the Al Pastor sliders! I also come here when I'm craving grilled cheese and tomato soup. The one not so great experience with food I've had here was ordering the breakfast burrito...but that could be because I'm originally from New Mexico and a bit of a burrito snob. There were refried beans inside the tortilla...totally masking the taste and even presence of eggs.
Happy hour here is a great time! Especially when it is warm out and they open up the windows/doors and have outdoor seating. 
Great spot (but not as great as the Milk Boy in ardmore shhhh)This place was poppin on a Friday night! Apparently there was live music on the upper level but I chilled on the first floor. I loved the crowd. I only had drinks, whiskey sour w/o the egg white but it was perfect. The staff was very accommodating and attentive, even suggested places to go as far as clubs. Great location and interesting menu that I'm curious to try on my next Philly trip.still slightly sitting on cloud nine from the fab EE we were thinking of post game libations and someone suggested we head out to Milkboy. I actually had a great time at the IYE here a few months back and thought why the hell not. About 16 of us grabbed up two tables , we were def over dressed for milkboy but not attention was paid as the packers/giants game was on and things were getting heated. Everyone ordered something different mostly beers of the canned variety which there were plenty of. i chose the "auntie mazie" which was a delis mixture of vodka and fruit juice. i was bummed that none of the coffee drinks could be served hot . our server did a bang up job and was very nice. if in the neighborhood id def returnA score of two is really an average of how I feel about the bar/coffee shop downstairs and the bar upstairs: First the bad stuff- Went to a benefit concert there recently and could not have been more appalled. Don't get me wrong- the music was great- but the second you get upstairs it is pitch dark- like someone forgot to pay the electric bill dark. Thank god I knew my friends so well because I could only distinguish them by dim silhouette (jesus- that is a hard word to spell.) Also it's cash only- weird. And then there were the drinks- I am pretty sure they served me a straight up glass of cranberry juice and even when I requested more vodka the bartender begrudgingly added half of a teaspoon. They also don't have the typical cocktail menu they have downstairs and pretty limited liquor options, served with a side of rude. 
Downstairs however, it's a totally different story. I really enjoy their imaginative cocktail menu and they always have some great beers on tap with an awesome bartender to boot. You can't go wrong with their coffee on a hungover Saturday morning either. Unfortunately, I think their food menu leaves a little something to be desired, but if you are literally starving I would go for the BLT or the grilled lemon ceasar salad. 
Bottom Line: Go (for coffee, or a drink) just be leery of going upstairs.They have a really fantastic hummus crudite appetizer here, but I went to see a band play here, and the sound system was absolutely awful.I used to love it here, but then I had a service experience that made me never want to come back. If only I got the name of the terrible waitress that was serving my table. My friends and I were all settled in, getting drinks and one guy at my table ordered tacos. Let me tell you, he could not stop talking about these tacos. Time goes by, we're all enjoying ourselves and a different waiter brings out sliders. My friend says - oh that's not for us, I got the tacos. Because, that happens sometimes. He says ok and takes it back. The waitress comes back guns blazing saying "NO, You ordered the sliders! I heard you!". My friend says "No,  I didn't know it was even on the menu". Still angry, the waitress says "No I KNOW you did. I would've asked you if you wanted hot sauce if you actually ordered tacos!". OK well ya didn't! And is that really the only proof you need to come and berate your customers? Sliders literally were never mentioned at our table and honestly even if he did make a mistake that was totallyyyy unnecessary and inappropriate. She made a scene for absolutely no reason. This seems super trivial, I know. But when you suddenly get verbally attacked by your waitress, its definitely a reason to never come back.The atmosphere and staff is open, friendly. And the Spinach Salad with chicken is the best spinach salad with chicken that I've ever had!My overall experience was honestly great. But this is one of those instances that one bad server, is reflected in the overall rating of this establishment. What a shame
Food: I ordered the Mushroom & Gruyere burger served with salted fries $12. This was delicious! It was actually cooked at medium  which is what I ordered, so hats off to that. I liked their " fries". Not your typical fries, it was like thinly slices potatoes. Crispy on outside, mushy potato on inside which is great. 
My partner ordered meatball grinder which he downed, so I'm assuming that was delicious as well.
Music Venue: I love supporting local artists. I like the people that come through this place, and love the vibes. Sound system was solid as well. The bartender upstairs was amazingly friendly, and very accommodating. That was reflected  in his tip :) Also.. those milk boy cookies are delicious! $3 Straub, $5 blue moons, $6 six points.. I'd say everything is priced quite fairly!
Server: It is extremely unfortunate when you have someone like this work in the service industry. I've been a consumer as well as worked in the customer service field for well over 10 years.. so spotting a faker from a mile away is too easy.. especially from Renee. She had such a sarcastic attitude to everything.  The one that stood out the most was when we asked for our check early. We told her that we just wanted it in advance so that we could make the show upstairs that our friend was playing. She replied in a very forced " nice" aka fake B**** tone " I'll bring it over, but I mean they're only doing sound check so really you don't need the check right now".   I'm sorry, did I ask if they were doing sound check?No I asked for the check.. who are you to tell me I don't need it right now. I only wanted the check in advance as to not RUSH you later girlfriend. I don't mean to be rude, but a proper response may have been " No problem I'll bring it right over, but just to let you know don't worry they haven't started yet"
Sums it upMet up with a coworker for happy hour.  I ordered the nachos which were expensive but we quite tasty and large.  Prices were typical I suppose for Center City but still high by my standards for a happy hour.  Food is also somewhat overpriced but decent quality.  The atmosphere is nice but nothing special and a little bit loud.  I would go again but it wasn't my favorite place.  Nothing really too special to justify the high prices for me.Milkboy is refreshing for the 11/Chesnut scene. I'm really happy this coffee shop is open and I'm hoping this is the beginning of a transformation for the area.
Let's be honest - who would really turn down a place that offers coffee and alcohol? No one. I've only been here for coffee but I'll be back for a low-key Fri/Sat night. They do offer food, but it's a small menu.
Great coffee and free refills when you order in. Really friendly baristas.Very cool little venue with a great atmosphere. They have an outside seating area and a nice inside with contemporary design. They also have an upstairs area where they host a lot of live music events. There's another full bar upstairs.
The food is delicious and the mixed drinks are spectacular. They usually have seasonal specials and the ingredients are always fresh and cooked to perfection. They have many vegetarian / vegan options. Another big plus is that they have such a long happy hour.This is now my second time at milk boy, first time having food. I really don't know what their deal is with the service. I came to eat around 10pm on a Tuesday. There were only a few other tables around us. We ordered a few drinks, two apps, and two main dishes. Drinks came so slowly after being reminded numerous times. All of the food came out together after we asked for the apps first. We were told "idk why they came out together". Well I do, because you put the order in wrong. Don't blame the kitchen. Ok, rant over.
We ordered fries and the bacon bowl to start. Omg. The bacon bowl. Incredible. Yes, bacon is my favorite food. But in a bowl with maple syrup and spices?! Amazing. Fries were really good for just fries too. Then we both ordered the pork belly tacos. Also wonderful. They came with three tacos overfilled with meat and then an extra three shells. I'm really glad they came with limes because they definitely needed some lime juice. Not because it was dry, it just enhanced the taco flavor.
5 stars on food 0-1 stars for service.Went with a friend on a Wednesday night. Very small place with interesting decor (the windowed garage door caught my attention). Certainly don't go if you want intimate conversations because it's pretty cramped and loud. But the food was quite good. Not a huge menu but varied. As others said, the fries took the prize as long as you like them somewhat salty. Drinks were good with a decent selection. Service was quick and friendly.Such a great place to come after a hard days work to relax. They're fried shrimp is the best in the city and their rotating beer selection would be love by beer connoisseurs. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about everything they offer. I highlight recommended this place.I was visiting Philadelphia and decided to choose my lunch spot by walking around until I came across something interesting, that something was Milkboy.
It looked like it had a cool vibe and a lot to offer - at first glance, there was a nice beer selection, a decent lunch menu, and some posters for bands - seemed like this could be a great, unique place.
I hoped to order something quick and simple and be on my way. I chose the grilled chicken wrap, that seemed like it would be a great, lighter lunch, and I could continue on my way. But it took almost a half hour to get my food - and there were probably only 4 or 5 parties at Milkboy at this time. I was getting ansy, I had about 3 hours total before I had to leave for the airport, and I wanted to spend most of that exploring, not waiting for someone to grill a chicken breast. But maybe it would be worth it?
It wasn't.
The chicken was overcooked, and it was so loosely wrapped that it instantly became a salad and a tortilla on my plate. The taste (aside from the chicken) was just OK - nothing really there to bring the whole thing together. It was like someone literally thought this up by putting a salad, including croutons, excluding dressing, into a tortilla and calling it a dish.
My two theories about how this horrible wrap came to be are - either they took so long so that they could carefully overcook the chicken. Why else would it take so long to bring it to me? My other theory is that they wrote up the description before ever having made this, and mine was the first one, and it took a few practice runs before they got one that met the minimal standards to serve on a plate.
Either way, I'm disappointed that I spent so much of my limited city-exploring time waiting for someone to overcook a bland meal. I imagine their night life/concert scene is better but from this experience, it's not worth it at all.Great spot for lunch and brews on a sunny day. Helpful staff, great beer selection.  The menu is not super large and stays within the typical sandwich/burger fare but that's perfectly fine. There are surprises like the Korean BBQ steak sandwich, which is awesome! I'm a huge fan of bars that open up to the street, it gives patrons a chance to appreciate the weather and the establishment at the same time.My wife and I visited here on a recent trip to Philly.  A really cool spot with a nice craft beer selection.  Our server was very friendly and attentive.  I had the Hangover Burger and my wife had fries.  The burger was ok but I felt like it was missing something.  My wife enjoyed the fries.  I would visit again but would try something else.Lunch on a Saturday - brunch menu, with a few items 86'd at 1:15 pm... service slow but attentive when they found me.  Loud and young, vibrant bar atmosphere.  That's all the bad and mildly bad.  Food was exceptional... chicken and waffles, with bacon and a fried egg.  Rich French toast and syrup. Perfectly seasoned plate and chicken was perfectly "fried." With light breading in breast. Though a thinner breast might have been easier to articulate on my plate.  Excellent flavors!Sort of represents most of what's wrong with the bar scene in philly. They're more concerned with image than with customer satisfaction (they may mock your choices if they differ from their own)...they've confused "non-traditional" with "superior"(inferior, messy variations on simple dishes)...the advertised beer prices are a flat-out lie...the beer selection is mediocre (and cans, btw, are NOT more recyclable than reusable  bottles, idiots, they're just a higher profit margin for you)...the open garage door is a gimmick (being too cheap to install windows does not make your business edgy, hip, or progressive, except to the third-rate hipsters in philly)...the food is just plain bad (you call it "chili," I call it wawa beef stew with a few jalapeno slices)...
If it weren't for the fact that I ran into a great old friend (who works for the recording studio) here today, and that ONE of the two bartenders was actually helpful and friendly, I'd easily have given them one star, while wishing I could have given none.
These guys should have stuck to the main line...at least then they wouldn't have invited all the stupid union trouble for nothing...Cool place, good for drinks and to see bands play. 
A friend had her wedding here and although it was a small wedding I thought it was a little cramped. The food was also not good and I hardly ate anything that night. Maybe since they are not set up for this they just cannot handle making food to feed people in this style. I would be willing to come back and try their normal menu as it seems others enjoy it and sounds better than what was served buffet style.
One plus for me is they serve picklebacks. I am a huge pickle and whiskey fan and although this is catching on in Philly, it is still not common enough for most bars to have.Stopped by Milkboy after a doctor's appointment. I was starving & really needed to unwind. 
The day I was there, Friday, middle of the afternoon, there were only 4 people at the bar but it didn't feel like a ghost town. It was cozy & rather chill on a half sunny day.
Lined up above the bar were the cans of beer offered.  Amazement! They had Strongbow!! 
Checked out the menu & it's pretty varied. Soups, salads, even meatballs. Different comfort foods.  I had a burger, medium well, & it was very good. And at $9 with fries included, that's pretty darn good.
Definitely will hit Milkboy when looking for a place to eat that's reasonable & in the middle of Center City.Good food, excellent beer list.  Excellent cocktail selection.  Laid back, very popular with the Jefferson Drs nurses and that.  They do start pouring at 7am if you need the eye openerHave come here for wine, cocktails, and eats a few times. Great vibe, good service. Outdoor seating and open air in the summer is a great bonus.This place is just awful!! We came and the lady sat us outside under the sun, it was too hot! Until I went inside and sat by the bar the lady bartender noticed me and asked if I wanted anything I said I am w my family and we were seated outside--it was way too hot! Not only that, we waited for our food for about 45mins and there was nothing. The attendant was not even checking on us and had to walk to her 3x just to ask her if she could fix one of the tables inside so we could switch. Finally, my husband waved at her and she didn't come right away but came out w our food after a few mins. And as expected the food was just nothing special my kids didn't like it at all. It was too bad bc we are from L.A. just for the 4th of July weekend. We'll explore PHL more as it has a lot of good sights but will never come back to eat here again. Quite honestly, Rosa's dollar pizza around the corner is way better we ate there after coming to Milkboy, and that says a lot.At Milk Boy I was greeted promptly and seated immediately. Once I was seated I was offered a menu with plenty of time to review it. When the server returned she asked if I was prepared order but offered no suggestions or anything past hello. It was 10:30 with six people at the bar and only three tables to service. 
I asked what items were served with the 'City Wide' special. It sounded interesting so I went for it, a lager beer and a shot of whiskey for $6 why not? For lunch I ordered a cheeseburger that came with their version of French Fries. The burger has a nice grilled or flamed broiled flavor but not overwhelming. The fries were more like home fries, they were hot and delicious. I mentioned the time I arrived and the amount of people because my medium burger arrived 25 minutes after I placed the order. Do they grind the meat per order? My meal was enjoyable but no big deal. Would I go again yeah but I'll try Happy Hour. I let you know what happens!I love coming here. Everyone that works here is so nice and I'm a huge fan of the picklebacks. Love the ambiance, decor, pretty much everything. Love you Milkboy, keep doing what you're doing!If you're looking for a good lunch spot with great service and polite staff, then don't go here!!! This granola/wanna-be hipster place is a total let down. Attempted to have a nice lunch outing away from the office and waited 45 minutes for the insanely rude waitress to tell us "a little while longer" for gazpacho soup (which is cold soup...doesn't even need to be heated) , bfast burrito and grilled cheese! Really, how long does that take?? Plus they couldn't even at least bring out our appetizer??? When we called the waitress over, she rolled her eyes as if we were annoying her...I'm sorry for bothering you to ask when our food would be ready when it had already been 45 min at that point. Knowing our soup and sandwiches were not coming out anytime soon, we walked out...thanks milk boy for awesome service and the pleasant people who work at your establishment. If you don't like serving food, then go work somewhere on south street where you belong.Oh, Milkboy, you are such a little cutie. We popped in on a freezing cold evening to get out of the frigid weather. Our servers were super attentive and gave great drink recommendations. The fries were hot, super salty, and perfect. The only downside was the two sets of doors constantly opening and closing - I could see my own breath!! Hoping to be back in warmer times to really check this place out.I had seen this place before since I work at Jefferson's hospital, and been wanting to try it. I loved the ambience and look of the place, really chill, but I wasn't impressed with the service I received. I know this place opened up not too long ago, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and try it again, but there were a few things they need to work on. Firstly, we weren't acknowledged whatsoever from the bartender. To me this is a problem. Myself and the two friends I was with have restaurant experience and know what its like to be in the weeds and very overwhelmed. The one bartender looked to be feeling that way so we didn't bother or interrupt to get a drink, just sat back and waited to be asked. Finally, over 5 minutes later, the other bartender is standing right in front of us talking and didn't ask us if we wanted a drink. We did finally get served, but it took me to say "excuse me, can I have ...?" to be recognized. I would like to try out their happy hour or live music one night to give them another chance because I think the place has potential.If you're going to order the classic burrito, save your money and go to the Taco Bell across the street. It'll be a fifth of the cost, and with five times the taste. 
A bland burrito, it tasted like a cheesy rice wrap. There were signs of pico de gallo and beans inside, but not enough to give flavor. 
You could order it anyway, but don't expect the server to care if it's not up to par. They'll be sitting at a table by the bar talking to other staff, anyway.5 dollar shots! I had the chocolate pretzel shot, tasty less alcoholic. My friend had the spicyback shot that had two shots : one citrus and one whiskey shot.
The staff was courteous, helpful in explaining their drinks. Good outdoor seating during summers.They took the espresso wings off the menu!
That was a bummer BUT the food is still good and the prices are affordable.I came here for lunch on a hot work day afternoon. I sat at the bar and figured I would order a salad. I decided on the Spiced Orange Salad with Chicken. The chicken was seasoned well and warm and it was put to the side. The rest of the salad was delicious & they did not skimp out on the toppings. The dressing was spicy vinaigrette and it definitely brought out the flavor of the salad.
The waitress was very friendly and very easy to talk too. You can come have lunch here alone and it's not weird or anything. I also noticed during my visit that people walked in, would order a coffee drink and walk right out. I am going to have to try their coffee sometime. 
They also have happy hour specials, the prices do seem reasonable. You can also check out a live band here upstairs as well. This is one cool spot.I came here for happy hour yesterday. I ordered the Pharmacist, which I highly recommend to bourbon and pineapple lovers. I also ordered the bacon bowl. It is literally a bowl of crispy, maple bacon. How can you hate that? You can't. Smaller place so perfect for group meetings and casual dates. Live music. Good service. Only complaint is that when it's cold outside, the constant opening of the door is noticeable to those sitting in the long tables. Brr. Solution? Keep drinking.The food was really really good, the waitstaff great, awesome outdoor seating and the hot sauce incredible.  
What I was NOT so impressed with was the manager/owner running out of the restaurant and confronting and nearly getting in a fist fight with a group of street musicians passing by Milkboy in the middle of the afternoon.  If the customers had been complaining, sure.  But everyone, and I mean everyone, was smiling and excited and jumping up to go out to the sidewalk to see more.  You've got a great location, sir, and part of Philly's character is strange street musicians.  Plus, starting physical confrontations in front of your customers is a sure way to eff up your otherwise cool ambiance...  
I think I'll be skipping Milkboy in the future.  Thanks, but no thanks.Cool spot for the center of Philadelphia.  The large garage doors open on the side to make it very casual and provide outside seating during the lovely summer nights.  Large variety of alcoholic beverages including "city wides".  Small, but good food menu.  The cheeseburger was just what I needed and hit the spot- who doesn't need a good, simple burger with a beer.  
Apparently they offer a variety of live music or djs downstairs. 
As a 3rd shifter myself, I thought it was neat that they have a 3rd shift happy hour- aka bar opens at 7am....may just have to check that out!COME HERE IF YOU WANT TO: 
-  Listen to local live bands
-  Chil at a cozy bar
-  Socialise with bartenders
-  Drink cocktails and enjoy happy hour specials
Pros:  
I give this place 5 stars because bartenders are generous with the alcohol they serve you (they don't dilute it much with mixers) and they know how to chat with patrons instead of walking away after dropping a drink on your lap.  In addition, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVEEE the local bands who perform here.  I've since moved to the West Coast and there's nothing here that compares to Milkboy.  Live music varies from heavy metal, R&B and indie/folk.  
Favourite drink:  Dark n Stormy / Espresso cocktail
Cons:
Food is pretty mediocre.  If you're a food junkie, don't go.  If however, you're into drinks and music then please do me a favour and GO!  What are you waiting for?!Awesome Packers bar with an extremely friendly staff and a great crowd of people. The food is great and the drink specials are even better.Had a great time here on a Saturday night.  Great drink selection and the drinks were nicely poured.  My husband liked all of his Six Point beers and the service was super friendly.I came to MilkBoy and caught the very tail end of CCD Sips - my friend and I walked in at 6:57 PM, and we still managed to get a beer (more specifically a cider) each, and a half priced pizza fries, so hats off to the service! The pizza fries, on the other hand, weren't nearly as amazing. The fries were a little bland, but a few shakes of the salt shaker made them merely okay. I'm pretty sure I could get a tastier version at a local corner store for a fraction of the price.
We seated our selves, since there seems to be no real hostess. The place is decorated very cutely, and the window/garagedoor-walls were open so we were able to enjoy the nice weather despite being inside.
I recommend this place for happy hour, but don't have high expectations for the food.Went here to try some craft beers and came across the Free Will - Kragile, which is a nice citrus IPA. Haven't been to this place in a long time and it was nice to check it out. The mood is awesome to hangout to drink and chill.Stopped by for lunch on a beautiful Saturday and sat outside for some people watching.  Our server was very sweet and offered our beagle a bowl of water.  My burrito was pretty good.  I lived in southern ca for 7 years and really miss the Mexican food so this burrito calmed my craving.  What I thought was really cool is when our server brought out a great bottle of hot sauce made from habaneros which are my favorite!  Oh yeah, my fiancee said her burger was delicious as well.  Glad we stopped by.I met some friends here for happy hour and although the one bartender was seriously hot eye candy, I will never go back.  Some of us don't drink beer and our server was very irritated when asked what wines they have, to which her reply was "the usual stuff."  We got a very cheap pinot noir for a hefty price.  
We also ordered some appetizers which were just ehh.  I got jalepeno cheese fries, the fries were steak cut with a cheese sauce on top and sliced jalepenos.  The fries weren't cooked long enough so they still had that raw potato texture in the center and the cheese sauce was flavorless unless you had a bite of jalepeno.  
I gave it two stars instead of one because they have a bowl of bacon on their menu.  Yes, it's actually a bowl that's filled with cooked bacon slices in some awesome glaze.  If I ever find myself here again (very unlikely), it'd be just to grab some to-go bacon and get out again.Small menu but delicious options. I only ate here a handful of times. I have tried the Meatball Grinder (delicious), brisket cheese steak (plentiful and yummy!), and both come with fries that look like they were homemade and they taste great.  The staff is very friendly.  If you go in the evenings, they typically have a band performing upstairs. I believe they charge an admission fee for the band but you can still stay downstairs and drink by the bar or get a table and order food. They do have a handful of beers on tap and they are not your "run of the mill" selections (Budweiser, Miller, Coors, etc.) so you will get a unique option for drinks! There is a full bar if you preferred a mixed drink.The restaurant itself is very nice, but the food was mediocre at best, the waitress (Kerri) was rude, unapproachable, and had an attitude for most of our dining experience. The overall experience was just OK and I would not go back to at least the Chestnut location.Excellent fair hangover burger was very good. Bartender very attentive came in for packer game my kind of joint. Loved itStopped here for lunch one Saturday before going to see a play at the Walnut Street Theater.  When we ordered my wife mentioned that she did not like french fries and the waitress automatically offered to switch to a side salad.  This thrilled my wife. So she ordered the Sliders Al Pastor (Pulled Pork).  I had a grilled cheese with tomato bisque.  We both thought the food was great. The service was also.
If you can make it on a nice day,  MilkBoy opens the garage doors and it is fantastic.I've been to Milkboy twice, and sadly, may never get an opportunity again as I live in Chicago.  THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!
On my first visit I choose Milkboy based on it's 'look' and proximity to the hotel I stayed at.  On my second trip to Philadelphia, I actually salivated at the opportunity to go there when I arrived!  They have a great menu and both times I had a killer sandwich.  Can't remember what it was called, but it was awesome!  They also have Yuengling's, which is one of my favorite beers..and also not available in Chicago.  Sure wish they had one of these IN Chicago!!!Possibly the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant. Being a restaurant worker myself, I may be a bit overly critical, however, my entire party was disappointed. After being told to seat ourselves, we waited almost 10 minutes for menus. Once a server came to ask our drink order, she forgot it several times and didn't ring is water until we specifically asked for it. It didn't seem an overly busy night (it was a Sunday) and there were two servers plus three, 3 (!!) bartenders, yet it was a full half hour until she brought us drinks and took our order. There also seemed to be quite a bit of miscommunication (or no communication) between the two servers as to who was taking care of us. At that point, with a show we were trying to make in about 40 minutes, we just ordered a couple of apps. And again- a full 30 minutes until our three small plates showed up. We were running a little late so we immediately asked for the check and wolfed everything down. The food was decent but nothing amazing. My friend has the fried brussel sprouts and they were slightly over-seasoned, however our macncheese with asparagus and cauliflower was pretty good. 
Overall- very disappointed with the service. Beer selection was decent, however a little pricier than is typical for PA. Food- okay but not exciting or reasonably priced. 
If you're looking for decent beer and bar food for a spot to watch the game or catch live music, it seems like a good spot. Other than that- not impressed.Venue and service was good. However, during food service there was a small
cockroach that crawled down the wall and onto our table while eating late night food.  We pointed out the cockroach to a girl who looked like a hostess/manager and she gave no response. It then proceeded to crawl under the table. We closed out immediately after. The sangria wasn't sangria at all. It was watered down wine.I became curious about the new Milkboy after reading the Galester's review this morning. Did she say Mocha Java? Yes, she did. The house blend was described as being like a Mocha Java. Interest piqued. I shot right down to grab myself a cup.
Mocha Java is one of my favorite coffees and perhaps the only blend I'd drink with any frequency. Finding a coffee shop serving Mocha Java is an uncommon occurrence. Finding a coffee shop serving a proper Mocha Java is an even rarer occurrence. Unfortunately, there is much to mess up in attempting a Mocha Java.
(In the interest of brevity I won't continue that essay here.)
Milkboy has failed in describing their house blend as like a Mocha Java. Mocha Java used to be a very popular and well known blend.  "Mocha Java" has become something of a buzz word(s). There's name recognition in them there hills. I can see why Milkboy would want to describe their house blend as a Mocha Java. While it does exhibit some of the sweetness characteristic of Mocha Java, it's roasted too dark to be a traditional Mocha Java. Not a particularly bad cup of coffee, but not really like a Mocha Java.
Milkboy, I've served Mocha Java, I've drank Mocha Java, Mocha Java is a friend of mine. Milkboy, your house blend is no Mocha Java.
Oh, and I do agree with Gale that the baristas were beautiful and friendly.
I'm not sure that they KNOW as much as she thinks they do though. Well trained? Maybe, but training does not always equal knowledge.We showed up with a group of 9 which they kindly found room for split between two tables. Drink prices were fair and our waitress was wicked sweet.
I loved my turkey sandwich, but was disappointed by the size of the menu. They offer pretty limited options so you have to be in the right mood to come here. Still, the garlic aioli to dip the fries in was fire.Good. Cocktails were delicious! The skinny pina colada was indistinguishable from a regular for only 100 calories. I got tomato soup which piping hot and the perfect portion for the time of day. Everyone else in my
Party was very happy with their dishes as well. The server for saturday lunch was a sweetheart.Great and fast service with fantastic drinks! Too loud to handout with small groups. I was here with my boyfriend. It was really loud but that couldn't bother us much. The drinks were great and washroom was neat and clean as well!Top Five Favorite Bars in Philadelphia, for me. 
$2 off drinks during happy hour and perfectly potatoey house fries. Oh yeah, not to mention the venue upstairs which has showcased some of the best local acts. Get there after work and relax, get there after the pre-game and rage. Garage doors are open in the summer. What more could you possibly want?First of all, we waited over an hour.. I ordered a basic breakfast, eggs, bacon, homefries and toast, my friends ordered a breakfast burrito, and eggs Benedict... Their food came out 10 minutes before mine and when mine finally came, everything was overlooked! My over easy eggs were entirely cooked throughout, and my bacon was black... BLACK!!! Burnt to a crisp. 
The waitress was nice about it and I understand it wasn't her fault, but then we were like consoling her because she felt so bad.. it just got very strange. I highly DO NOT recommend this place.Yeesh. I came here to celebrate the greatness of the Kalob Griffin Band, as I often like to do. I was told to buy tickets in advance, because the show would probably sell out - not something I'm used to doing for KGB shows. I took the advice, and thanks god I did, because a lot of people waited on the weird stairwell for a long time, only to be bypassed by me and my group on our way in, only to not get in, themselves.
And for good reason - upstairs, this place gets very small. The crowd played a role in my experience, for sure, because this band makes the crowd go nuts - but the room is just too narrow to provide a decent performance space. They've got a great location, but while I'm used to some pushy concerts, this restrictive size of this place was just endlessly frustrating to me.
They had good draft beers, good service, and again, a phenomenal location for traffic of all kinds. I'd be happy to come back for something other than a rock concert.I've been wanting to try this place for a while. The idea of a cafe/bar/locally grown food restaurant seemed interesting to me. I met a friend here for lunch around noon. There were a few people sitting at tables with laptops drinking coffee, a few people at the bar drinking beer and us ordering food. I liked the idea that you can come here and sit and do work for a few hours then get an adult beverage and order some lunch in between. 
While I really do like the concept I wasn't that impressed with Milkboy. The location on 11th and Chestnut isn't the best and I felt that they could do much more with the food.
I haven't seen a show there so I can't really comment on that.I stopped in a MilkBoy yesterday afternoon hoping to enjoy a quick beer before I headed home. I sat in an open bar stool for at least 5 minutes trying to make eye contact with either of the two bartenders in hopes of ordering a beer. It's so odd when you cannot order a beer at a bar. They weren't in the weeds and seemed more interested in chatting or whatever than generating revenue and tips from a patron.  Needless to say I walked out. Big fail MilkBoy. Keep that up and you won't last long.This place is awesome! Bar downstairs and music venue upstairs. 
I come here every week with a group of friends for their amazing happy hour ($2 off specialty cocktails, draft beer, well drinks, and wine). Some of our favorites off the specialty cocktail list include the fireside cider (fireball whiskey and hot apple cider, the handsome (makers mark, ginger and thyme), the pharmacist (bourbon, grapefruit, and honey), and the doctor (beefeater, st germain, and lime) just to name a few. They don't have any food specials for happy hour, but we have yet to be disappointed in that department. 
I've also been to a show upstairs. It's a mall venue, with a very cozy feeling, and a limited bar. I'd definitely go again.usually a hip spot to go on a friday or saturday night, an upbeat fun crowd tends to hang here. upstairs gallery usually has art shows which is nice for schmoozing over drinks. very hip bar, but also offers coffee and a day time atmosphere! what a wonderful blend of day light leisure and night time fun! drinks are served in mason jars and uber duber cute and trendy. lots of hipsters but surprisingly they tend to be pretty smiley and smart. there classic burrito with roasted veggies was divine- right flavors, proper size. plus a fan-friggin-fabulous cappuccino and fluffy lattes!August was awesome. Great suggestions. Great bartending skill. Very accommodating. Customers can do no wrong and he was often right. Come here ask for him and eat drink and be merry!...Had a lovely happy hour experience here the other day, in addition to attending the Gavin James concert last week. I loved that they had a great sangria for $6 at happy hour and had amazing other deals on drinks. Food was a little pricey, but we didn't wind up ordering anything. Staff was amazing on both of my visits and and the upstairs was a nice size for a smaller causal show. Had quite a few beers on the cheap upstairs including their city wide specials.I came here to watch one of the world cup games and just drink some beers while enjoying the perfect weather in their outdoor seating. I really tried to like this place because they are in a great location and their menu looked awesome. Although I didn't eat, the food around me looked incredible. Our waiter took very long getting our drinks and was claiming the bar was backed up. A little odd considering we could see the bar from our seats and it seemed just fine. He was also very rude when we were asking to describe some of the beers. Uhh... isn't that your job? 
I will definitely give this place another chance and check out the food items.This is my very first ever yelp review and as I'm enjoying the most tasty Fried Cheese Curds listening to the best of the 90s "alternative" , I'm flooded with the comfort of a full belly and nostalgia. This is not my first nor my last visit here, but this visit, is my favorite. Renee was our bartender and she served us delicious libations with a fantastic attitude. Come here. Drink beers, eat cheese curds, listen to music.Stopped here after the auto show 2018. Great drinks. Odd names but the waitress explained them perfectly and I do not regret getting what she recommended. It was delicious. Music was great. Service was a little laggy but it was busy with 1 server so it was understood completely. Definitely a place we will come back to.After my second trip I'm a big fan of Milkboy.
I've only been here for brunch, but I'd be willing to try coming here later. My wife and I came by around 10am on a recent Sunday and it wasn't open yet.  I was a little disappointed, considering it's a bar that features coffee, so my first critique would be that they shouldn't wait until 11am to open.  The good news is that it's in a great location so there was plenty to do for the hour we had to wait.
Once there we were very impressed with the friendly staff, including the talkative bartender.  But it's the food that keeps me coming back.  They have a very good Breakfast Burrito here; in my opinion it is the best in the city.  My wife prefers the one at Cafe Lift and it's hard to argue with that.  But Milkboy has chopped seitan as a topping you can add and this takes it over the top for me.  Scrambled eggs, pico de gallo, jack cheese, potatoes (inside the burrito, not on the side like at Lift), scallions, and pinto beans round it out with a spicy green sauce for dipping.  I also love that this burrito is meant to be eaten with your hands!  They wrap it up in tinfoil and paper, and you can eat the burrito the way God intended, another plus over Lift's.
My wife ordered the Roasted Mushroom and Seitan Sandwich and she had a foodgasm.  I was so happy to see her smile like that.  She had been waiting a long time to find a sandwich to replace her favorite that they used to serve at the Belgian Cafe but removed from the menu, and she told me this one was absolutely it.  The seitan was crispy and smoky and amazing.  The bread was a french roll.  And it comes with a mushroom jus for dipping that really sells the sandwich.  Fantastic.  We both can't wait to go back and have it again.  Do yourself a favor and replace the American cheese with Gruyere - it changes the sandwich.  I hate American cheese and it seems like a cheap add-on to such a great meal, so substituting Gruyere was perfect.  Our waitress even complimented us on the choice and told us people should all be doing it.
 The cocktails are OK.  They could use some slight improvement before Milkboy gets a 5 out of 5.  Some are a little boring and need more creativity.  I am a fan of the City Wides (a variety of beers with various choices of shots).  There's usually some good craft beers on tap and the coffee is very good as well (try the Waiting Room).We use to come here for happy hour, which was always pleasant.  However the last few times service was just mediocre.  The drinks are good with a wide selection. However the food is - standard bar food.  Good location for a quick drink and snack.Excellent rotating draft beer selection on tap at this neighborhood watering hole on 11th and Chestnut. 
As a regular of Milkboy, I am a big fan of the drink selection. The citywide special (a shot and a beer) is great for a night out and the wide selection of craft beer by the can or draft is great for trying new stuff. 
Milkboy typically features live music upstairs on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights. The acts vary by genre to cater to different tastes, so I'll only comment on the venue itself. The upstairs is small and offers a cash bar only. Tight quarters but can be fun if you're into the music. 
The food, however, is just meh. Bartenders and the rest of the staff are nice. Better to come on a low-key night out for drinks and music.I have taken many a friend to Milk Boy for happy hour. $2 off all their cocktails and they have a pretty decent list. Usually a bar will have 4 or 5 cocktails but Milk Boy has about 16! Along with wine and beer this is a great spot to chill after work. 
I've had their mac and cheese, blu cheese burger, and a sloppy Joe sandwich when it was their special. All of it was tasty but basic, nothing really WOW but I like to eat when I drink! 
The staff was nice and attentive. The place does get packed because it's quite small. Thankfully I've never had to wait for a table but as it gets later you see more people waiting around to be seated.$2.00 for soda water? Really?
Overpriced, mediocre food, but nice staff (aside from upper management...I get the sense that management struggles a bit with temper tantrums and alcohol abuse). I go here on my lunch break 'cause it's a nice place to sit and chill in the chaos of center city, at very least.I love a good sandwich more than most things in life,  and the Korean bbq sandwich is one of the better one I have ever had.  Killer!My friend played a show in the upstairs venue. 
The show was great, but the doorman was giving me a hard time with my very obviously real id. That was kind of annoying, since it would've been a great experience had I not missed half the set.I had been curious about this place after driving by many times. A friend and I stopped in for Sips. We grabbed a high-top and waited several minutes to be acknowledged. My friend asked for drink recommendations and the server gave her a bit of attitude saying "I don't drink any of those, I'm a whiskey drinker."  We each ordered mojitos which had minuscule  amounts of rum and way too much club soda.
Wanting to move on to another Sips spot, we quickly drank and grabbed our check. They charged us 10% tax, which whatever, its 20 cents, but can they do that?I wish I could just not give a star rating here but unfortunately, I have to.  I knew this place was a coffee shop and had breakfast and was looking forward to checking it out when in town for business.  I had a co-worker meet me there at 8:15 for coffee and breakfast and to our amazement when we arrived, breakfast didn't start until 9am.  Talk about confusing...
Why serve breakfast during the week, starting at 9am?  Most people have to be at work by this time so it just seems backwards.  There was a barista there cooking up some great lattes, but the place was empty.  We grabbed a coffee and split to a morning meeting, foregoing breakfast.  
Anyway, the vibe looked super cool and I'll definitely go back to check out a show and dinner, but the no breakfast (during the week) until 9am was very strange.Went here for drinks and some snacks with my buddies. Drinks were pretty cool and reasonable. I ordered a burrito and it was pretty good. The ambience and environment of the restaurant was all sporty as there was a football match going on. Small space but definitely good to chug some beers.Milkboy is a unique fun spot in center city Philadelphia. It is a small long bar where on beautiful days they open up the entire long wall with retractable glass so the customers can breathe fresh air. The bartenders and waitresses are always very pleasant and fast. 
The prices are very reasonable especially for the portion size. My top choices are the Nachos and the Mac and Cheese Chili Relleno. The spices in the Mac and Cheese are perfectly blended to be hot but not overwhelming. This bar is also a Green Bay Packers bar during football season. During each Packers game they have drink and food specials. Go Pack Go!!I went to Milkboy to see a show last night.  The space is pretty awesome- I love the exposed brick and pipes and weathered look to the walls.  I also love the long bar and floor to ceiling windows.  What sucks is the fact that it gets extremely noisy downstairs when there's a show upstairs and the bar radio and the sound of the bands sort of clash, causing chaotic noise.
The upstairs space is pretty nice.  It's sizeable and there is a bar, but there are no beers on tap upstairs- it's all cans but they do have a good selection.  There is also no backstage area for performers so that can be a bit cumbersome when the place is crowded and the musicians have to lug their equipemtn through a crowd of people to the stage.This place is okay. They do have some interesting things on their menue, including warm cocktails that are quite delicious. But I will say it is pretty expensive. Nice atmosphere, especially in the summertime when it's very open. 
Can Usually hear people having a good time from a block or two down.Milkboy has a great mix of a relax and busy atmosphere! The huge garage door opening makes the restaurant feel as if it is outside while being inside. Great food, great service, and a variety of people. Definitely one of my favorite spots to go to for happy hour. Can't wait to check it out late night, I'm sure it won't disappoint!I can't believe I haven't done a review of milkboy until now!! Milkboy is probably my favorite go-to bar in Philly. Their drinks are excellent and they have a solid selection of craft beer. My go-to drink is the Pharmacist. Their pickle back is also delicious. My date had the Sherlock and Watson which he enjoyed immensely. The only complaint I have is that my cocktail during happy hour was $8 when I thought it was going to be $5 but what can you do. During the warmer months they have the garage doors open to bring in some fresh air. It feels so good when you're surrounded but lots of people in the small space. Yesterday when I was there for happy hour they had some live jazz going on downstairs which was excellent. Their grilled cheese is excellent without the bacon. If you're looking to grab a drink after work and get a quick bite to eat I highly recommend Milkboy.Came here for a quick bite and a beer after work with my husband. The place looks cute from the outside,  but the inside is not very practical. The sat my husband who is 6'4" at a table where he had to sit side saddle because of the giant support bar running diagonal across okay, enough about the poor construction... 
They had an okay beer selection so we both order a can of beer (Troegs Perpetual). It took about 10 minutes to get our beer and the waitress apologized saying it had to be brought up from the basement but at least that means it's extra cold! It wasn't. It was luke warm. I would hate to see what their other beers temperature was. No glass offered with our beer either. I digress...
I order the fried chicken sandwich and my husband ordered a burger. His burger was so sloppy and greasy it couldn't be held. My chicken sandwich seemed as if they pre-fry a bunch at the beginning of the night and re-fry when ordered. It was so bartered and saturated in heavy grease, it turned my stomach. There was no silverware on our table and I couldn't find anyone to get me any so I waited at the bar until I found someone who gave them to me while rolling their eyes. After that, I tried to cut the batter off to just eat the chicken, but it was so dry I couldn't swallow it. They also claimed it was served with homemade pickles but really it was just cucumbers.. they must have forgotten the pickling juice.
They also must have had a show that evening so the place got so crowded with college aged kids that kept crowding your space and bumping into you. Not the most relaxing environment. 
The worst part was that this meal cost us $70 for two beers and two sandwiches. The waitress saw I didn't eat my meal but that wasn't phased by it whatsoever. Needless to say we will never return.went back for lunch on a recent trip, food did not disappoint.  Had the catfish blt and it was delish...so fresh, thought it would smack my face.  Service was excellent, as always.  Good people all around.The area to eat is very small, but luckily when we went it was a beautiful night so they opened some tables outside and created more room. Other than the size of the place, the food was excellent. American menu with BLT's and burgers and a decent selection of beers and wines. The waiting staff was timely and brought out our food very quickly. Upstairs there seemed to be a live concert area, though we didn't check it out. A very good place if you want to sit down and enjoy a good meal without the hassle.So, we walk in the joint and immediately I know the doorman from a previous job! I'm so popular! This place has style! I didn't think I was going to like it but it was great! The menu is great for a night out. The second floor is for the entertainment. The drinks, coffee-themed and priced right! I had a bowl of bacon glazed with honey with a blue cheese dipping sauce. Say what you want, it was awesome! I would definitely bring a date here, stop in after work, a night out with friends, you name it! I'M A FAN OF MILKBOY!!Saw a fantastic band last night, Dry Reef. Great taste in choosing bands, but absolutely terrible service. Bouncer at the top of the stairs delayed entry significantly, ticket holders were 20 minutes late after having gotten in line 20 minutes early. On top of the delay, he was aggressive, inconsiderate and flat out rude. Needs to get off his high horse and let paying customers enjoy the show. Completely killed the vibe.This review is for the music venue. The three times I have been to see live music at MilkBoy I left feeling bullied by the meat-head bouncers. It actually does matter who you hire... and incredibly rude employees steer me clear of this place now. There are LOTS of other places to see music in Philly!Great neighborhood hang out!!!! Great service and excellent menu. Perfect vibe for "day drinking". Being from out of town, this is a great place to hang with the locals and not a tourist trap!!! Highly recommendWent here for some drinks late at night and sat at a table where we were greeted by our rude waitress, mia. I used to love this place but lately I feel like the service has really gone down hill. If I get the chance to sit at the bar I will, because the bartenders are awesome. The rest of the staff however has been rather disappointing. Food is pretty good and beer selection is always on point.My friends' bands play here often so I've been here somewhat frequently.  The food is good and so is the coffee but I need to complain about the service behind the bar (at night).  I'm hoping they see this and make some changes.  
They are RUDE.  Every time I've been there, I've had a hard time with a bartender.  When I asked for a coffee downstairs, the barista/bartender actually GROANED because he didn't feel like making it.  All they do is grab a can of beer and serve it to you, so I understand it takes more time to actually make a coffee than grab a can of beer and open it for me, but you do serve coffee.  When I gave him a tip of $2.50 on a $3 coffee (for his trouble), he didn't thank me.  Other times, they've given me a hard time for ordering water (god forbid I want to hydrate) nor do they ask if you want bottled or tap.  And they're just in general, RUDE RUDE RUDE every time.  I'm going to stop being nice and tipping well for their trouble of opening a can of beer for me because I'm so sick of their attitude.  
Secondly, I think they charge way too much for canned beers.  
I hope management improves this.Just went to MilkBoy for the first time with my sister to grab some casual lunch. She had been here before so it was her call and we certainly left satisfied. Pretty open space with a decent amount of people for a Friday late-afternoon as nearby businesses let out and the bar restaurant started to fill up. We were greeted both politely and promptly as we were told to grab a seat wherever we'd like. I had the bacon bowl and tomato soup. Both were pretty dope and hit the spot. The tomato soup which I usually shy away from as it can be a pretty bland offering. However, there was a nice level of heat and it was a nice soothing choice for a slightly chilly day. The bacon bowl was as expected amazing. Now I'm not one of those bacon fiends who thinks bacon should be all over every menu but I definitely enjoyed it. There was a nice blend of smoky sweetness and the honey glaze wasn't over the top, which was nice. I recommend putting a little bacon in the tomato soup if you happen to have both of these menu options. The only thing keeping my review from being a 5 was the barrel-aged cocktail. While it wasn't bad by any measure it just really wasn't anything special. it just seemed like the bourbon wasn't well integrated with other flavors. It was supposed to be a spinoff of a Manhattan but didn't really have too much character and the glass was a little bit dirty. Not complaining but just have to explain what kept it from a perfect score. The beer list was pretty solid and has a nice well-rounded number of selections.
Will return when back in Philly for sure. Thanks!As Allison B. points out, Milkboy clearly called to us from the street. After a day of roaming around the city, we were in need of refreshment.
Bill and Sophia (behind the bar) along with the rest of the Milkboy team run a nice operation. Cool spot that seems to be a popular happy hour stop in. 
The coffee aromas provided a jolt even though I opted for adult beverages. A definite plus.Came here for a concert the other night.
Went upstairs to their music area. It got so hot and sweaty in there FAST. No AC no open windows. I finally had to open one for myself.
Great priced drinks. Only 6 dollars for vodka and cran. Not bad prices for this girl from Boston.
If another group was playing that I liked I would go again.This place stands out like a perfectly manicured and neon-painted thumb on the corner of 11th and Chestnut. Bright yet sultry, this indoor/outdoor bar offers both cheap specials and super swanky cocktails with a bitchin' soundtrack to boot. Three cheers to one of the bar owners, Tommy, who helped coach me through a shot. 
Between the pickle-tini (teeny pickle?!) and pickle-backs, I was in no position to be talking serious life choices or breathing too close to anybody, but I ended up doing both (leaving this up to your Yelpy imaginations). 
I plan on spending many more late nights at Milkboy.Great place for a variety of beers and good food. Prices aren't too terrible for their canned beers as well as entrees. So a good place to go for a moderately priced dinner given its surroundings. Also anyone I have talked to always recommends the bands that play here. I can't say I have seen a performance but all these people can't be wrong.Came here for lunch, took a little more than an hour which I was hoping it wouldn't. Food was okay, probably a better place for happy hour. It's cute when they open up the walls to the sidewalk.Bomb! The staff is friendly and happy hour is amazing. They have live jazz on Thursday with a great outdoor seating.Went to see the Aggrolites (and Philly's own Snails and Wareika Hill) last July. Nice sized venue for live music but since it was Summer the air conditioning could use an overhaul. It was really hot up in front of the stage but if you stayed toward the entrance you at least felt it a little. Nice selections of beer at a decent price for a music venue. I will keep my eye on their schedule and would definitely see another show here.We came here to see local band The Rivals perform and loved it. The music venue is great. It is small, dark, intimate, great sound, and very friendly bartenders. Just a great place to come see live music. We didn't eat at the restaurant so cant comment on the food but as far as the music venue, definitely 5 stars.