First visit after their expansion...
It was a busy night, about 20 minutes for a table but found seats at the bar.
They had a good selection of beer.  
The lighting of the place was brighter than expected.
They have multiple unisex bathrooms in the back of the restaurant. (I miss the old bathrooms tho).
The food was alright.  
Its a place to come for the atmosphere with good friends to have a good time.Decent place for an IPA after a hot afternoon of walking and shopping in Philadelphia. The menu appears satisfying.........Excellent venue with good food.  The restaurant is clean, well laid out, and spacious with a large number of televisions, perfect for watching a game.  Extremely accommodating staff!We go to this place a lot but Jason was an excellent severe. He went above and beyond at every chance. Even after a small spill on a white tshirt without asking he was there with the club soda. Hands down awesome guy made the bar the place to come back toI enjoy Misconduct every time I go, they have great specialty drink options and a diverse menu with something for everyone.  I eat fairly healthy, but they give me a reason to splurge on their delicious Avocado French Fries! The servers are great, attentive and knowledgeable.  Their outdoor seating is another perk, just not an ideal location for people watching.  All in all, this is a great place to have dinner and pre-game before a night out.Good place to catch a drink in the city.  Great beer selection (hello craft beer!), and their cocktails are a good concoction.  This was my first time here since they expanded the space, so everything looks new, bright and clean!  And they have tons of TVs, and not all broadcasting the same thing. Staff was very attentive, and the happy hour drink specials featured beer, wine and cocktails!  Definitely good if your group all have a different drink preference.
I had the fries and chicken fingers.  Both were good; the fingers were very crispy.  Seems like Mac and Cheese is their speciality, so I'll give a variation of it a try next time!Had the bison burger with sweet potato fries. First time here and the food was good. Had a couple beers and it was a chill environment. Calamari was one of the best I have ever had. Would definitely return for a happy hour.Was lucky to get a table for 4 to watch the playoff game.  Good place to watch games with many large TVs placed so that everyone can watch from different angles.  Started out with prompt service but that declined as the night went on.  The place got mobbed and our server had trouble covering her section along with pushing through the crowd.  It got very loud as the night went on.  
Beer and drink selection was nice.  We were not super hungry and I split a couple of apps with my wife.  Fried pickles and cheesesteak empanadas.  Pickles were ok - they were thick cut. Cheesesteak empanadas were missing the cheese and steak....  Cut the 2 empanadas in half and there was literally almost nothing inside.  
Other couple we were with had wings and said they were good.Misconduct is a great center city happy hour spot.  The food is awesome and their specials never disappoint.
Their happy hour is half off SELECT drafts.  On the draft list, you can tell which ones are on special by the (HH) next to them.  I've noticed over the last few months that less and less of the draft list are half off at happy hour....which does sadden me.
The mac n cheese is always delicious!  Be careful though, it can get pricey the more stuff you add to it.
All in all, the atmosphere is nice.  The food is good.  And the drink specials are okay.Decent service but the food was highly disappointing. We ordered the dry rub wings, avocado fries, gravy fries, and tuna sliders. The wings were the only thing we liked. The avocado fries were too breaded and the aioli was basically mayo. The gravy fries sauce was terrible and just overall not great. The tuna sliders, which we were looking most forward to were comprised of cooked chunks of tuna, not at all what we were expecting. If you come here just stick to beer, they are trying too hard to make simple bar food fancy and are not succeeding.For the first time in my life,  I felt completely unwanted at an establishment.  I've been to Misconduct before and thought it'd be a good place to have some lunch, some beers and watch the Temple football game.  I sat at the bar for over 10 min completely ignored. The male bartenders were purposely avoiding eye contact with me. They chatted with the guys on either side of me but ignored my existence. I tried getting their attention a few times to no avail.  So I ended up walking out and going to another place in the neighborhood where women who want to watch sports are welcome.  Shame on you Misconduct.Middle evening bar visit review only:
The kick up from 1 star to 2 was due to the bathrooms, new, clean, designed and adorned to an eclectic degree.
After sucking down some $1 oysters and beers at a different location, my two friends and I  needed a change of venue.  We slipped off Locust Street into Misconduct, a name I remembered from reading my daily dose of Yelp reviews. ;-)
This place is nothing special, a few TV's, beer on tap, and a specific asshole bartender trying to act cool who thought it appropriate to criticize one of my friends.  The bartender did not even know him, probably just trying to impress a certain young woman sitting at the bar.  Hey, you're a 50ish year old trying to pick up 27 year old girls with your stellar career working as a bartender.  Good luck with that.This is my go to spot for Sunday football.  The TV setup is great and they are generally very organized and have each TV clearly labeled with what game will be on it.    This is a pub but the menu is pretty creative. You will find delicious non-traditional items such as steamed edamame, avocado fries, Pear and Brie Wrap, and a lamb burger to go along with your traditional pub items.  The food is pretty consistent but I was surprised by their wings.  They use the large wings that have the wing and the leg still connected.    In my experience this makes for a fattier hard to handle piece of chicken.  I assume there must be some people that prefer this style of wing, but I have never met any of them.... their Chicken tenders on the other hand are fantastic!  Buttermilk battered and perfectly fried.  I had two orders of these the last time I was there.     Their fries are also delicious and served with a very flavorful smoky chipotle aioli.   
The service here is very good and the space including the restrooms are very clean.  They do a great job!You could probably pick up a really great asshole with bad shoes and a blue buttondown here about whom you could agonize over after he never calls you again.  I'm not that into that, hence the mediocre rating.This is a nice little bar with a good beer selection in both draft and bottle.
The place is a long narrow space with a bar that runs almost the entire length. So there are a lot of spaces to sit available. They also have some small tables and a large booth on the back wall for large parties. My only issue with the place is the kind of cheesy/lame nautical theme. I feel like I'm in a place that bought up the old fixtures from a Red Lobster or some other terrible restaurant.
The service was a little slow, but only because it seems like they never have enough waitresses on duty if your at the tables. Service at the bar is much quicker. All the staff are knowledgeable about the beer selections and are very friendly.Cool bar that always seems to be hoppin'. I love that in bars, especially when you are trying to meet more people, but the layout is not very conducive to this so you have to subtract some points for that. However, it is a Great place to see a sports game with a few friends because it gets rowdy and you really get into the spirit. Pro-tip - make a reservation. Also the bathrooms are tiny, got pretty gnarly on game day, the wait was a tad long, and you have to squeeze past a zillion people to get to them, so drink accordingly or miss most of the game trying to pee!Looking for a bar to waste time, I was drawn to this place given the name...reminding me of a game misconduct in hockey only to find that is clearly not the case (nor is it the season in Philly for it ha ha sorry). But that's okay. This was a good choice in time wasting.
The beer list was not as local as I was hoping (I love to get to try stuff I can't get at home) but I made do with it very easily. Decent selection of beer in cans too. 
We decided to also snack on some of the potato fritters, not really knowing what to expect. They were like breaded and fried logs of mashed potato. They came with a sriracha mayo and that together was awesome.
Since really the only sports going on when we stopped in was the NCAA lacrosse finals, that was on here (and like, everywhere) but it definitely has an awesome layout for a sports bar. I'd definitely want to come somewhere like this to watch games.For me, it comes down to an issue with management. I was there on a Friday night with several friends. They turned the lights on at 1:35. Their real goal is to make sure the doors are locked and closed by 2 AM with everyone out.  PHYSICALLY out of the bar.
The issue is, they don't attract the same crowd as a 21-year-old party bar. It's not Mcfaddens, or Finnigan's Wake, or Tavern on broad with sloppy drunk people everywhere. It's actually a much better crowd. But, they treat it as if they're running a college bar.  Why have the same thug bouncers, and there are three or four of them, pushing people out the door at 1:45 when you are legally allowed to serve until 2 AM?  
They have remodeled, and it attracts a fun, diverse crowd.  Unfortunately for this place, the management's direction for this bar does not align with the patrons it attracts. It's unfortunate.
Overall, I give the bartenders a five star for their very pleasant and prompt service. But, I would give the overall attitude of the bar 2 stars For the shortsightedness of the owners to treat this place like it's a seedy college bar. And for me, the general negative impression of the bar trumped the positive service of the bar employees.I've been a Rittenhouse resident for several years now and only got a chance to go to this place this year. The food and drinks were excellent but I must say, the service was a TREMENDOUS disappointment. I've always gone with a group of 3 or more and in the handful of occasions that I have dined here, the wait staff have gotten our orders wrong or have given service as if they have a chip on their shoulder. 
Here's some specific examples of the poor service:
-One of my friends ordered a Rosè and they were out of it. The waitress brings a glass of white Zinfandel to the table instead of asking my friend for her preference for a substitute.
-During my most recent visit, the waitress rolled her eyes when we weren't ready to order yet. (We had only been there a few minutes and were just getting settled.)
-The waitress swiped one of the cards three times because she kept putting in the wrong amounts. (Although they were voided, the holds stay on your card for a week.)
I really like the ambiance (I love sailing and nautical things) and as I mentioned before, the food is pretty good. I tried really hard to give this place several chances by coming back a couple of times, but the last visit showed a trend of poor service. It's such a shame.This is a good spot to hang out with friends and watch some sports.  There are a lot of TVs in here, big and small.  The size of this place is pretty big with a good amount of tables and a nice size bar.  This place is packed and loud on the weekend, like any bar, this is pretty normal.  I came here on a sunday when the eagles played. As expected, no seats at the bar or tables.  We put ourselves on the list for a table, got one after about 40 minutes through text.  
The food here is not too bad, I've had their chicken fingers, steamed mussels, fries, sliders.  Your typical bar food, not spectacular but not the worst I've had. I come here for drinks often, not a bad spot and definitely good place to watch the game with fellow eagles fans.My first time in Philly and my friend brought me here for dinner. Killer bangers and mash and a Mahi Mahi hot dog. Amazing food and the service was good too.  It is quite small so as it got a little later and people were crammed inside it got just a bit cramped (and we were there on a Wednesday night...how busy must this place be on the weekeneds?!).It's a nice bar with good beer, but....one time I went to Misconduct on Locust the bartender filled my beer glass about 60-70% with beer.  I prefer a full glass of beer so I wasn't happy.  Another time I went here, a bar back or bartender (not sure what the guy's job was) nocked over a beer glass and glass shattered all over me.  The bartender jokingly accused me of breaking glass which I didn't appreciate because I had glass all over me.   Granted, he did come back over about 5 minutes later to make sure I was ok.  I would have handled the situation differently.  They could have acted a little more concerned or offered me some sort of discounted beverage.Wonderful adult bar with plenty of tv's. Overall, a great, nice crowd to talk to. Staff is fantastic, knows their stuff.. On the loud side, which I don't mind. They are playing 80's music, which I adore. Stop in if you don't mind the loud and large crowd. Great people, with the trip.Stopped in for lunch before the Philly Pops Christmas Concert. Service good, food good, reasonably priced, nice atmosphere. We will definitely return. A pleasant surprise.Worst breakfast I've had in philly.
It is a standard sports bar type with TV's everywhere and high tables.  To be expected in the area I guess.  
I got drug here by an arsenal fan and I am having a hard time wondering why arsenal picked this place for their meeting points.  Their special for the game was $5 bud lights even though this group packs the bar.  
I ordered Huevos Rancheros and it came out on flour tortillas with a little bit of salsa and beans sprinkled on them (no huevos rancheros sauce) and the eggs off to the side.  My friend ordered a frittata that tasted like the salt shaker had fallen into it.
Don't waste your time or money with this place.  Head to Fado's across the street if you want to see a game.Great atmosphere, good drinks, delicious food and friendly, efficient staff. I would definitely come back here. The prices are decent and it's totally worth it.Great spot to catch a game or meet friends over the holidays.  Lots of TVs, bathrooms & space.  No matter how crowded this place can get you never feel crammed.  Good service, personable staff.   The food is average - Some things above and some things could definitely improve. Appetizer selection for a large group can be challenging.I have to give it up big for this place.  I love it.  I used to live really close to it but now that I moved, I really miss it.  I have never had a bad experience here.
I rank their burger among my top 4 burgers in Philadelphia.  I only have a top 4 because I haven't found a great 5th burger yet, but I'm always in search of it.
They have a very good rotating beer selection.  Some of the more obscure beers can get on the pricier side but that can happen anywhere.  I feel like this is a really good, honest, neighborhood bar.
I have not had their bloody mary.  I want to.  They infuse their vodka behind the bar with jalapenos, black pepper and lemon.  I tried the vodka straight once and it was really good.  I would only have a bloody mary at brunch and they don't really serve brunch.  I believe their kitchen opens at 11 and their normal bar menu is available.
If you have friends coming into suburban station, this is an easy place to meet up with them.  If you have friends coming up or down the broad street line, this is very convenient for them too.  It's a great spot to head to before or after a phillies game and I was even here for one of the 2010 blizzards.  Like I said, I've never had a bad time at this place.
One cool thing is that they don't have a ton of tvs but each one has a sign that says what game they will be showing and when.  It also says "seat yourself appropriately."  I like this because then you don't have people trying to get the channel changed when you're watching a game.  On Sundays, they have specials to go with football.  I like that of the specials I've had it was usually done on a grill on the side alley next to the place.
Oh, just don't order a martini here.  It was less than stellar.  Other than that, you're good to go.One of the worst bars I've ever entered. 
I ordered a dirty Girl Scout and the bartender gave me the wrong drink. He claimed I ordered the un-minty drink I had in my hand. 
Later that night, I went to the bar across the street.  I checked my bank statement and realized I was double charged--the bartender swiped my card twice for the same amount. 
I went back to the bar and confronted them.  They brought out the manager and she insisted it was my bank's fault that the bill showed up on my statement twice but she also gave me forty dollars in cash while saying this nonsense.
Not to mention, I was waiting for the manager a few feet away from the kitchen door, and as a chef walked by, he snatched my phone out of my hand. I was totally not having it that night. I went up to him and he handed my phone back but when I asked him why he grabbed my phone out of my hand, he said he did not do such a thing.  Also, this chef claimed he was the manager and the owner of the bar. I didn't buy that bull crap because I talked to the manager prior to this new incident.
Also, they dramatically escorted me out of the bar because they didn't want other customers to know about the incidents above. And there was a lonely, old man (customer) who said something very nasty to me. 
Overall, this place is horrendous . 
I would give this place 0 out of 5 stars if I could.Stopped by after work for happy hour, which is generously offered from 4:30-7:00 Monday-Friday.  Pretty good selection of draught beers for the happy hour price of $5.50.  I had the classic burger sliders which were delicious -- perfectly cooked, deliciously seasoned.  Most importantly, however, the french fries were divine.  Really looking forward to going back soon!This is me and my friends go to place. I really do enjoy it however, they do not have good specials. We go here to watch games very frequently but it gets very expensive fast. Although it is a great casual date place or a place with a big group because we can usually secure a table in the back and all hang out around it. Theyre food is good also. Just wish they had some real game time specials.Grabbed late-night dinner here for the first time last night and was pleased overall! It's definitely better than your standard bar food fare. Deep fried pickles were tasty and the mac n cheese was amazing (albeit, after a few drinks, but I'm certain I would have enjoyed it regardless!)
I've always liked the atmosphere in this place; it's perfect for a night out, whether you're enjoying the music and crowd or grabbing a table for a more low-key experience.Many times when I'm out and about in Center City and I either forget to pack a post-workout meal, I might leave it to chance to try and find a good place to eat.
 Maybe a sushi house or an American Bistro restaurant. And that is what I found the night the first time I went into Misconduct Tavern.
 I've walked by this place many times in the past but it was always loud and boisterous and this was all before I even knew the name of the place.
 Talk about eponymous?
 I "Go up in the spot" and yes, the "Misconduct" is off the chain. One can only imagine the secret rendezvous taking place or the "Hook-ups" pending once the drinks start to take effect. The service was quick and I immediately saw a healthy alternative than what I packed. I ordered the Salmon Sliders and the Avocado fries.
 The crowd was LOUD and BOISTEROUS but contained. If you want peace, quaint and private, this ain't the place.
 Just live with it and enjoy. So there I sat taking in the sights and sounds of the atmosphere in anticipation of eating the Salmon Sliders because 1.) I was famished from my workout and 2.) if they were good, I was returning and this place would become my "Go to" spot for something good like Salmon and Avocado fries (I'm thinking maybe once or twice/month, lol).
 My server was prompt and attentive but a little stand-offish 
( *sniff sniff, I didn't smell at all. I can usually tell and I DID shower prior to my workout. I like a clean sweat Lol)   
 The Salmon Sliders arrived and they were garnished with a flavorful sauce and the sprouts making it look just like how I make my burgers at home. Now all I have to do is learn how to make the Avocado fries and I'm good. But overall the food was good. I got my protein sources met, a few carbs to tie me over until I go home and I was good. 
Nice place.
 It's busy, fast paced and it's socially fun.
 Like most places such as this, its easy to meet and chat up people so if you like to do that, here is the place for you along with some good tasty food too.Not the worst place, but far from the best. Been here a handful of times, mostly for Philly Beer Week & Happy Hour. Can always find a good craft beer here. $4 drafts during happy hour.They have about 12 taps, with about 8 decent choices.Had my 1st Founders Rubaeus here. It was served in a12 oz. pilsner glass which was fine until the guy sitting next to me got the same beer in a pint glass. We chatted, and it turns out he's a regular. Special treatment? Not cool. 
Last time I was there I sat down at the bar, and the bartender passed me twice w/o giving me a menu ( which was laying on the bar about 5 feet away) I got up and got it myself.
The atmosphere is nicer w/ the expansion, but has that sports bar feel which I'm not crazy about. Never tried the food, Some of it looks and sounds O.K. The "regular" I spoke to said the food is good, but the prices have gone up and the portions are smaller.
To sum it up, O.K for a draft or 2 during Happy Hour; but I've had much better brews and service just down the block @ Locust Vous or Perch Pub.Nice sports bar with nice staff. Free wifi barely worked but I got my skype call done inside the big room on the right. A couple of cold beers and sports on TV. Hard to beat on a warm day!
Will be back.I went here with a few friends for the first time following our last day of midterms.
Waitresses are few but they do come around quite often to offer you a refill of your beverages. Which was quite nice, but not much connection with them as a different waitress would come around every time and ask us what the previous waitress had asked us about 3 minutes ago.
Beer selection is a little sparse, but not bad, considering there were a few good IPAs on the list. For the meal I chose an IPA called Loose Cannon triple hop IPA, very floral and not too dark, but had that characteristic bitter and hoppy taste that I look for when drinking IPAs. 
Foodwise, I got a Chicken Mac and Cheese and a Duck hot dog. 
The chicken mac&cheese was AMAZING, I had read reviews on this item and heard really great things, I must say they were quite correct. Cheesy, Gooey, and the mozzarella on top gave it a nice chew along with the chicken and elbow macaroni. 
The hotdog was very...interesting, in a good way. I will admit this is my first time trying a hotdog made of something other than beef or pork, I will say that I am impressed, a toasted bun, a nice steamy duckdog with greens underneath of the dog and piled about an inch high on top of the dog with what tasted like housemade ginger-kraut sortof item. It was quite tasty nonetheless. 
The rest of my party also got Mac and Cheese since thats what we had come to try, although a member of my party also got an order of dry rub wings, which were decent and a fairly good size for a wing, However, was so salty which was a slight turn off for me. It was the last thing I ate though so the bitter and strong taste of the IPA was able to wash it right off. 
The reason why I didn't give this restaurant 5 stars is the lack of the drinking options for the rest of my party, the cost of the cocktails, and the fact that the dry rub wings were...okay...next time I will have to give the French Onion soup a try as raved about by Lindsay D. below. 
Definitely will be back with a friend who loves him some good mac and cheese.Just went for drinks. The beer menu was good, but other places have more options. I wasn't told were the tap selection was until after ordering from the bottle selection. The staff was fine, but not could have been more attentive. Server and move on seemed like their motto.Let me first say that if this review were only about the decor of Misconduct Tavern, this would be a five star review! Blue is my favorite color and anything nautical is the way to my heart so I was sold from the moment I walked in the door. 
We came here for lunch during the week. Very quiet here with only a few people ordering lunch at the bar. I was particularly impressed with how clean this restaurant is and pleasantly surprised with how classy it is in comparison to what I traditionally think of as a "tavern". When you're in Misconduct Tavern, you feel like you're on a ship. They have several unisex bathrooms to really hit the theme home. Everything was lower to the ground as though you really were on a ship. Since they already sold me on the theme, I could've done without bending almost in half to wash and dry my hands (and I'm rather short), but I get what they're going for here. 
Our waiter was polite and kind. The prices are reasonable. This place would've become my go to spot except the food was not good. I ordered a side caesar salad and half order of Mac n cheese with roasted garlic and bacon. Sounds amazing, right? The "Caesar" dressing they put on my salad tasted like straight mayonnaise. Yuck. It was such a small portion that I didn't want to send it back and I was really banking on the Mac n cheese. Unfortunately the Mac n cheese was also mediocre, even with the toppings. The toppings did make it better than it was though. They used basic elbow macaroni and the macaroni was mushy. I'm Italian so "al dente" is a way of life, not an option. This made my meal not so enjoyable. The rest of the group I was with seemed to enjoy their meals. Misconduct Tavern has nice presentation of their food. Perhaps I ordered the wrong things on the menu? I'll be back to give the food another shot since I loved the decor so much. Maybe I'll have updates then but for now I'm not anxious to return UNLESS it was for happy hour. I'm definitely down to grab some drinks feeling like I'm sailing away!Had a great time. Good drinks and watched football all day. However the owners decided they wanted our table and the one next to us. So they told us we had to close out. Day went from a 10 to a 1. Disappointed that patrons would be treated this way. 
Understandable that they wanted to watch Eagles vs. Cowboys. We planned to watch that game here also and already had a $200 tab. 
Would I come back again to see if things are different a other weekend? Yes. 
Advice to owner- remember patrons matter as well.This place is a bit overpriced for what it is. It can get very crowded. Lots of standing. The empanadas were good, the onion rings were DISGUSTING and dripping with oil so don't get that shit. The mint drink that comes in a mason jar was yummy and refreshing but not strong. It was hard to get the bartenders attention. This place is good for mingling tho
Edit: my review is way late; someone brought to my attention that the onion rings are no longer on the menu so two high fives for her ass :-/Oh thank heaven for 2nd chances.
My first experience was not so great. Overcooked burger, under seasoned and cold fries and funky tasting draft beer. I must say I have been back numerous times since and ever never been disappointed. The beer selection is decent, they always have the newest Dogfish Head (Black and Blue is my personal choice), and a decent draft list. Their wings are, in my opinion, the best in the city. I order them with straight dry rub, no sauce and they are always piping hot and loaded with flavor. Since my first bad experience I have had nothing but great burgers. Misconduct's burgers and fries blow away the Good Dog burger and their lame-o frites. The bar and waitstaff (Keenan might be the best server in Philadelphia) are some of the coolest in the city. Not a fan of the whole nautical thing they have going on but I can look past that when everything else is pretty close to being spot on!Not only is the name misleading, the interior does not match the service or selection of food and drink.
I think the place wants to be an upscale sports bar. It's nice inside, but if you look past the decor it's just another Tavern on Broad or Fox and the Hound. It's packed with college aged, polo clad bros and bartenders of the same breed. 
You can find a better experience in many other bars around that area. Not my cup of tea.Not feeling this place. The hostess was a little snippy to my friend when we arrived, we should have just run for it. They told us it would be 30 minutes for a table, so two of us went to the bathroom. When we came back upstairs, our other friend was seated. We should have been excited but we were already rubbed the wrong way. We ordered drinks and the cocktails came and were fine, but I really wanted the glass of water that I ordered that never arrived. Our shared appetizer came out on one plate, but was a messy bruschetta that we needed our own little plates for for sure. They arrived later. We all got different sandwiches and two - the fish cake and the pear and brie - were actually really good. The third was a disaster, a salmon blt served on totally burnt toast. The bread was inedible, although the fish was perfectly cooked. It took forever for the server to come and check on us, and when we kindly asked for replacement bread, she didn't even say anything. The new bread came but we were all kind of crabby at this point. Even worse was when the check came. Two of the cocktails we had were totally made with well vodka yet were $10 a pop, and there was also a drink we didn't even order on the check. We all agreed that while most of the food was pretty good, it wasn't anything we could not get elsewhere and was certainly not worth the aggravation.Totally my type of bar. Interior is fantastic. Hope to eat here soon, really enjoyed the atmosphere! Only had beer, but want to try some mix drinks. It was packed, would probs need to get there quite early to snag a good table for a dinner. The college age crowd is the polo/frat kind  which i dont mind at all, but see that bg tge comments some people dont. I still would like to go back!Stopped in to meet up with a date on a Saturday around 8:30pm. Place was packed. Had 2 drinks, both were fairly strong, reasonably priced. Didn't wait too long to be served. Didn't order any food and it looked like it would be a pain in the ass to try to. Would come back again for a drinkMet a couple of friends...The bartender was slow and really didn't seem like she wanted to be there..Food was just OK....Won't be rushing backOne of my favorite places to hang out and watch the game! Great food and always attentive service regardless how busy it is. Last Saturday I had Aisling as my waiter, after seeing a recent review I felt I had to write my own. The bar was packed and she was not only extremely attentive but made great suggestions and pushed through the crowds of ppl to make sure we got our meals and drinks quickly. Really sweet girl who worked hard to make sure we were comfortable despite how packed and rowdy it was.No matter what time of the day I come here, I find myself sitting in front of a big TV watching the game I want right on the bar.  Bartenders are always friendly and very attentive which is rare in that area of Center City (I've never actually sat at a table there, always at the bar).  Not a big group venue but definitely a place for 2-3 people to catch a game and a few beers after work.  Try the wings (with the dry rub) and the steak sandwich.  Thank me later.5 years ago my family and I stumbled on this place looking for somewhere to eat dinner after walking around the city for the holidays. We were beyond impressed with the food, so much so that it became a tradition to come here every year. All of the food is fresh and delicious and the roast pork sandwich is out of this world. The staff has always been very friendly. Over the years, my family has grown and this year we came in with a party of 9. We arrived around 3pm on a Saturday, December 2nd and it wasn't very crowded, however, the hostess was very rude and abrupt with us saying she didn't have a table big enough to accommodate us. There was a large table by the front window which she told us was reserved. We asked about combining two tables together like we did last year and she said that wasn't allowed. We asked how long of a wait it would be to seat us at the large table or if there was any other options and she said no and she couldn't give us a wait time. She was very rude and unaccommodating. Unfortunately this place lost out on our business that day and we won't be returning next year. If you have a large group I would not recommend going here.The interior is great, and so is the dipping sauce on the fries. nice beer selection (although a little pricey if you're not there at happy hour)
Here are my beefs though:
1.  This place is super close to where we live, and when my fiance goes there for take out (which she often does) it's met with either blatant indifference by the bartender or downright contempt.  We're trying to give you money (and still tip, I might add), why are you so mean!
2.  We went there the other day and the place was empty.  2 of the 4 folks were there, and when we told them we wanted a table for 4 we were told we needed our whole party.  Forget the fact that the only other customers in the whole place were a party of 2, at a table with 4 charis.
3.  I also had the smoked salmon sandwich referenced in one of these reviews.  I love lox, I love salmon.  This was the single worst thing I ate that year (2008).  It was vile, no other word to describe it.Nice Sunday Friday afternoon off from work so we decided to stop by Misconduct Tavern. Great location,outdoor seating and full bar. Drinks were a little pricey (average for the area) so no libations. I ordered the pork on a long roll with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone and a long hot (pepper). For the lady a fried chicken sandwich with pork rind breading :) Everything was great,service was pretty fast and the house made ketchup was awesome. I'd visit again to try the slidersMy friend lives in Old City and I live in Fitler Square so we figured Broad would be a good meeting point to settle on a spot for happy hour, and ended up at Misconduct.  
Misconduct has great happy hour Specials! Draught beer, cocktails, and wine are all half off from 5-7.  They also have daily food specials.  I went with a mahi mahi hot dog and some oysters with wasabi caviar.  It was all really good.  The hot dog had a mild seafood flavor to it and it was covered in a beer cheese sauce and caramelized onions so you really can't go wrong there.  My oysters were good too, and the wasabi caviar is awesome.  I would love to have it on top of sushi instead of the regular tobiko.
The service was friendly and the waitress was helpful with her recommendations.  I will definitely be back.I went with colleagues after work and the scene was the fun typical after work crowd. We only got drinks, but the bartenders were very knowledgable about the different drinks. I also liked how clean they keep it. I put my finished drink down on the table, and it was instantly swooped up and washed. Considering how busy and crazy it was in there, not all places keep up during prime time hours. The location was right, the setting was right, and so on and so forth. Someday I'll have to go back to eat, the food looked amazing! No complaints.Rude staff. DO NOT go here. Attempted to come here after my sister's wedding with a large group of people in their late 20's/early 30's. They let everyone in except my sister, who was still in her wedding dress. Really? We were with a group that was dressed in gowns and tuxes and the wouldn't let the bride in. What a bunch of a-holes.The new Misconduct tavern on 18th and JFK is definitely having service issues.  Twice I have problems in getting served after being seated on the front porch area.  The place is doing huge after-work business, and perhaps that is causing the service issues.  Last night my wife and I went there for dinner and we were sitting for over a half hour and still had not gotten our drinks.  And this was not the first time for me.  We ended up leaving.  Never again.I recently visited Misconduct Tavern for a few drinks with a friend after work during happy hour. This was my first visit here because with a name like 'Misconduct Tavern' I always imagined it to be a hole-in-the-wall, dark & dirty bar. Boy, was I wrong. This place was hoppin'. Very crowded, as it was the Friday before Christmas week. The inside was bright, clean & very inviting.
Although it was packed, the hostess found us an open table in the back, we ordered a few drinks & a side of fries. Drinks & fries were very good, service was fast & attentive.
Would definitely come back here for drinks again!I like misconduct for watching games, meeting friends, and if it's not mega-packed on a Saturday night, which it almost is, not a bad place to relax.  Sunday games are good here.  A lot of center city workers use it for their happy hour spot.  It's a little more upscale clientele.  Drinks are average for what you'll pay around this area.  It's not a dance spot though, that's for sure.They have huge bar and often you are lucky enough to get an actual seat! Great beer selection and service. The bartenders are quick. They have decent bar food. The bar isn't super rowdy, but an excellent chill spot. It is a great bar to start or finish your crawl with. You have always heard the saying you can tell a lot about a place by the way the bathrooms are kept up. These bathrooms are individual and excellent! When your buddy wants to roll to misconduct around 9pm, it immediately makes you suspect that he needs some privacy!I love this place. Best place to go by far when you're looking for a late night snack that doesn't involve a dingy diner or a slice of pizza. The food is by no means standard bar food. Get the crab bruchetta or the truffle grilled cheese and you will be very satisfied. In terms of the bar, it's a great place to sit back, relax and catch a game, or talk amoungst friends. I highly reccomend checking this place out!I love the spacious setting of the bar, great staff services and "good enough" flat screen TV.  However, that's where all of the good things end.  I frequently go to this bar on the weekend because this is the official Philly Arsenal bar in the city and I'm a big Arsenal FC fan.  I had tried every foods on the menu and it is horrible, a drunk disoriented hungover dude can make better foods than these guys.  If you love the food here, you probably need to get a higher standard and expectations in life. The beer selection is so small and generic and a bit overprice even for Center City standard.  The only reason that I even spend money here is out of courtesy of sitting in the bar for 3 hours with friends to watch a soccer game.  If you want good Irish pub food and beers, WALK across the street to FADO!!!UNPROFESSIONAL;
DOES NOT CARE ABOUT ITS CUSTOMERS;
CANCELS RESERVATIONS - JUST TO EARN A BUCK
I WILL NEVER BE SPENDING ANY OF MY MONEY AT MISCONDUCT TAVERN.
Yesterday (NFL Championship Sunday), my fiancee made a reservation for a party of seven at Misconduct ahead of time, and our reservation was confirmed.  Our reservation was at 4:00pm.  At 3:30pm, a representative from Misconduct Tavern called my fiancee to tell her that they were CANCELLING OUR RESERVATION, because they had lots of walk-ins and decided to give our table away.  Last time I checked, the entire point of making reservations was to ensure you had a table in the event that there were too many walk-ins.  Moreover, my friends were coming from 45 minutes away, so CANCELLING OUR TABLE A HALF AN HOUR BEFORE OUR RESERVATION was extremely inconvenient, since now we were scrambling to find other accommodations for a large group (which included children), while simultaneously redirecting my friends who were already on the road.  Finally, management had the audacity to offer to move our reservation to the next day, even though the entire purpose of our making a reservation was to make sure that we would be able to come in, sit, and watch the game as we ate and drank.  
I have no problem with an establishment that does not take reservations, or does not take reservations on a day where they expect lots of walk-ins (Championship Sunday or Superbowl Sunday).  However, to take our reservation ahead of time, then cancel it a half an hour before, is extremely rude and unprofessional.  Regarding a party of seven with children in particular, management at Misconduct Tavern should have known that it would be difficult for us to find another establishment with only a half an hour's notice.  After already confirming the reservation, I would think that a professional establishment would deal with a slight loss of income that comes from holding an empty table for half an hour, rather than destroy the good will of its customers to earn a half an hour more's worth of profits.  I have to conclude that Misconduct Tavern is NOT a professional establishment.  
THAT BEING SAID, we had the extreme fortune of being able to get a table for seven at Kite and Key (because Kite and Key is willing to take reservations for parties of six or more).  We had a good time, the pizza was especially great, the beer selection was different and did not disappoint, and the Broncos won.  
BOTTOM LINE  I recommend that anyone considering Misconduct Tavern should look elsewhere.  There are too many good places in Philadelphia for you to be spending your money here.Pretty good spot. Buddy and I went to the center city sips for happy hour and ommegang tap takeover. Ordered the cheese fries and cheesesteak empanadas. Empanadas were very delicious and would definitely order a burger next time aroundI've been a fan of Misconduct for years. And the tavern too.
[Disclaimer: I know one of the owners as he is a neighbor of mine.]
I love that they've expanded and remodeled. I used to feel claustrophobic in there because of how packed it would get sometimes. Even with the new space, there were a lot of people. I can't remember being at a bar which was that busy on a Monday night. I don't usually go out for Monday Night Football, but I guess that's what some of the people were there for. But now there was breathing room and plenty of seats at the bar.
The food was great. It being cold and almost snowy out, I ordered French Onion Soup. It was perfect. To go with that, I had a French Dip sandwich. Know what's better than French Onion Soup and a French Dip sandwich? FOS on the FDS! I saved the last quarter of my soup with lots of onions to put in my sandwich. Yum.
The staff is always friendly and on point. They have a great beer tap selection. And now lots more bathroom stalls without having to go downstairs like it used to be.
Um... I can't end my review with bathrooms... It looked like the front had large glass door/windows that they could open up in nice weather to bring in that fresh air. And maybe they do outdoor seating too? I can't wait to check that out in the Spring.Misconduct became my home away from home on Sundays during football season. They have numerous tv's spread across the bar broadcasting different games, in addition to a large projector screen for the home team game. I've only sat at the bar but the service is always on point. Most of the servers and bartenders are attentive and engage in conversation. 
I've had the wings and the mac n cheese, both of which I'd recommend (nothing out of this world but good). Younger, working crowd-late 20's, 30's-with some older regulars planted at the bar all night. Good place to grab a drink after work and definitely to catch any game on tv, especially football and soccer.Great center city bar that is slightly off the beaten path.  Great food...burgers are especially amazing.  Most of the sandwiches are fantastic.  
Fun for a night out with friends to watch a game because you might actually be able to get a table and good service. 
Very good alcohol and beer selection.I went for lunch today with a group for a co-worker's last day. We went soon after it opened and it was dead. I had the half sized mac and cheese with spinach, pesto, and bacon. It was delicious, so creamy and rich and the perfect size for lunch. I love that you can create your own mac and cheese dish- if you're undecided, spinach, pesto, and bacon is a phenom choice. Everyone seemed to enjoy what they had and the bill seemed reasonable. Our waitress was friendly and quick to refill our beverages. I'm curious to go back for happy hour or for a game!While I was initially thrown off by the overly enthusiastic seafaring theme at Misconduct Tavern, I do aim to try out all different kinds of bars. Coupled with their 1/2 burger Monday, it seems like a good place to try out.
Dan and I visited for lunch. It wasn't busy, and the server was pleasant and attentive. The beer list here is good and has some nice variety and smaller breweries, but not outstanding. $5.50 for Bell's Quinnanin Falls Lager (12 oz), $6 Ommegang Witte oints are slightly overpriced. I dislike bars that don't clearly advertise their prices, and Misconduct provides a tap list without any indication of price.
We ordered wings and cheeseburgers. The wings served are whole wings, I believe an order or five was $9. At that price, I expected nothing short of condor size wings in the most delicious sauce available. In short, they're more expensive and less falvorful and enjoyable than the wings served up at Moriarty's.
We both ordered medium rare burgers. We both received well done burgers. I don't like sending food back to the kitchen, so I ate and enjoyed my burger, but it was an oversight that shouldn't have occurred. The fries served alongside are okay, nothing special.
Bottom Line:
I can get better food, drink, prices, service, and atmosphere within a two block radius. On the other hand, there are far worse places in the same vicinity. If you're going to visit, at least do so on a Monday, when you can get a handsome burger for $5.
Posted by wgkealey at 3:58 PMTypical bar food and typical bar menu. Good to go to with a group watching a game but otherwise don't come for anything but the game scene and TVs.Not impressed. Veggie burger was mostly breading and my fries were burnt. My husband described his huevos rancheros as weird. Would not come back for food. Yuck.We were there this past Sunday!! We sat at the bar and had an amazing bartender!! He was a very wonderful (ginger/ red headed ) young man!!!  Very out going, wonderful personality!!! Food , drinks and service was great!!! I definitely will be back!!  ( At the Bar Part Only) 
But, there was only one flaw or maybe a few!!  I will never sit at a table in there!!  Only from what I witnessed and I'm a cook!!  The servers who picked up the drinks at the bar were putting lemons, limes, stirrers, and straws in/on the customers drinks were touching their hair, one was actually touching her nose, kept touching and picking at her nostrils , rubbing her eyes, putting her fingers in her mouth and blew her nose without washing her hands before reaching in the containers that lemons and limes were in to garnish the drinks!!  I was enjoying the best chicken tenders ever and lost my appetite! 
I would definitely if I was the boss/ manager etc... get some training done to teach his employees of food safety, and sanitation. Loved this place except for that!!!  I'm sorry. I just had to be honest and hope not hurt anyone's feelings!!I would give this place 5 stars, but they took the crab and artichoke bruchetta off the menu and I was highly disappointed. My husband and I would make trips here JUST for that. God, it was so good. Cheesy and crabby and...delicious. BRING IT BACK REGULARLY!!! Anyway, other than that, this place is great. A wide selection of drinks, plenty of seating at the bar, inside, and outside (weather permitting). The grilled ceasar salad was a surprise - I never thought I'd like a grilled salad, but it was very good. The grilled cheese and burgers are good. Everything here is good, you can't go wrong here. But I do wish that bruchetta was back on the menu...If you want to cheer for your game, you are not welcome, even if they told you at the very beginning it was NOT a problem. Such a shame to be called a sports bar and then be told you are too loud.  
They want to be classy and cater to a football crowd, such a shame.  Ans I was informed that all other patrons that were there at 1130 waiting for the noon game after 2 hours were being too loud... I guess they were okay with people spending money, but screw you if we have another wave of people come into their establishment.  
Beer is very expensive and they are not catering to the correct crowd to be called a sports bar on Yelp.. which I hope to modify!  
 More like an uptight management.   
I was told to keep it down by management and I didn't even swear... that's just BULL!  And now I swear!  If you cater to adults watching a game, then you need to allow the cheering to go along with the game.  
 Also, if you want to be called stupid by the bartender, then come here.  I'm okay with trash talking about sports, but when you get personal,  it makes you ignorant.  
I have not been disrespectful in any way shape or form, but just loud.  I do not recommend anyone watching any event here.  Perhaps if you want to be posh and not a true fan!  
I'm so sorry I gave any money to this establishment! 
The two stars is for their Victory Winter Cheers beer, which is like candy and very good.  
The lack of stars is due to management.... good job!I don't normally bother writing reviews but after reading some of the thoughtless things written below I had to respond. Until recently I had never even heard of Misconduct but a friend told me about some things they were doing for beer week, so we decided to check it out. 
My friends and I visited during a busy event they were having with Dogfish beer. I found that although the place was packed the service was very attentive and sensitive to a few dietary restrictions one of my friends has. 
We were smart enough to know the difference between salmon fillets and cured salmon, which by the way, has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING IN COMMON WITH LOX, except neither is "cooked" with traditional heating methods (sorry, my family owns a restaurant back home so I get a touch worked up over the little things). The menu offers both. We know this because we actually read it.
Two of us had the Misconduct Burger because our server suggested that this was the way to go since it was our first visit. They were incredible! They were cooked exactly as we had ordered them and the bun was sweet and just perfect. The fries were hot and crispy. OBVIOUSLY NOT FROZEN. My friends had chicken tenders, wings and the mozzarella. It seemed clear to me that these were not frozen either. 
Misconduct is now part of our bar rotation.Swell bar. Plenty of tvs and friendly staff. Food was pricey and not the best. Beer was great though.Stopped in here after a fun World Cup party on Sunday, and had a great time!  
Service was very speedy, and the french fries are AH-MAZ-ING...I could have eaten like three plates full.
The burger was also delicious, and served a TRUE medium, not the "you can order a medium but we'll still give it to you well done" that you end up getting at so many other places.
I wasn't in the beer mood, but their beer selection looked great...can't wait to check it out on my next visit.
Oh, and also, love that it's so close to the PATCO stop...The food and beer here is always great. Excellent craft beer selection. Highly recommend  the Mac and cheese, French onion soup and warm spinach salad.I've spent most of my free time for the better part of 3 years across the street from this place and I've never been tempted to go in.  However, after being told a couple of times that I really should try it out-I bit the bullet.  This place looks divier than it is.   It's over priced and the burger I had was just blah.  
I'd give it another shout maybe because it was packed and it could have been a bad night.Everything was meh.
The avocado fries and onion rings were great going down, but there was so much grease that it caused them to come back up- they did NOT taste as good in reverse.
The burger was cooked to a nice medium rare, but lacked flavor and cheddar cheese which I requested. The mac and cheese with bacon needed a ton of salt which is surprising since bacon is extremely salty. 
Probably will not come back for food- i'll stick to booze at this bar.The waitress was eh... kinda rude. She seemed annoyed that we came in for lunch. She and the woman bar tending could have been much nicer and the place was a little dark for lunch. 
The food was great. I had the veggie burger which i can't get out of my head. Could possible be my favorite veggie burger! Fries where also good perfect crunchiness. 
I decided that it would be a great place to watch a phillies game and hangout. Their beer selection was pretty good! My only negative was the staff other than that i loved it. So change your attitude cranky girl and this could have been GREAT! 
Try a sandwich and a beer and just watch the phillies do there thing!Somewhat boring bar with a pseudo-nautical theme (the bathrooms are for Sailors and Mermaids).  Unimpressive draft beer selection, though the bottle selection has some decent choices.  Lots of flat screen tvs.
So why the four stars, you say?  It's all about the fantastic grilled cheese, which is served with a deliciously bizarre layer of sweet red pepper relish, and perfectly salty fries.  
If for some strange reason grilled cheese isn't your thing, there are also plenty of burgers and cold sandwiches (including a pear and brie sandwich, which I might order someday if I can ever tear myself away from the grilled cheese). Apparently the full menu is served until 1:30 a.m.Ok so you know when you're really lazy to cook and its your day off to eat whatever the hell you want to without a concern for caloric intake? yes we have those days. I have those days more than I should. This place is perfect. Cheap beers, greasy food, with some relatively healthy options. They serve a grilled chicken wrap which is pretty good. But lets be serious here folks, you come for the dry rub wings. They are amazing!!! There is a hint of brown sugar that does things to the wings that only wing lovers would appreciate.Awesome Beer Selection!! They always seem to have a new beer or two every time I'm there as well as a few great seasonals!  The Mac N Cheese is absolutely outstanding.  Overall it's a great place for a few drinks at happy hour or to watch a Phils game on all of the flat panels.In an effort not to inaccurately equate correlation with causation, I'll just say I had the BEST burger and fries of my short life, here, on the 5th of January, 2008. And before I leave Philadelphia, I will patronize this place again (and again) to accumulate scientific evidence in support of generalizing this otherwise one-time experience of perfection.
Additionally, the atmosphere is well-rounded and pretty laid back; mainly a bar with a line of tables on the opposite wall. Somewhat serious bartender, but he got the job done. A nice selection of drinks (such as the fact that they carry Strongbow Cider) too.
But the burger! (and fries!)Manager was extremely rude. I was highly disappointed with how I was treated. Felt uncomfortable with how he approached me. The waiter was nice, but the manager made it so I would never go back there.We had a group of six and we were seated for drinks at a hightop in no time, although the place was packed (we went on a Friday night around 11). We had amazing service and enjoyed our time. Good music, great atmosphere, and plenty of bathrooms so no wait! Overall we had an excellent time and will be back to try the food next time.I've recently had a rough go at life and was feeling down. I decided to avoid all the usual hangs and go somewhere where nobody knew my face. I came across Misconduct and was skeptical at first, only because I'm a creature of habit. I found a high top near the bar, ordered a pint, and glanced around. I realized all the patrons were watching the Eagles game and the ambiance was that of mirth, laughter, cheering and happy faces. The Eagles were winning. A wonderful pinkish-redheaded server by the name of Kristen walked up, greeted me with a smile  and suggested the Roast Pork Sandwich as well as the Mac & Cheese. I went with her suggestion. She made me feel like a regular who had been frequenting Misconduct for 15 years, like family even, always engaging me with a smile and humorous banter. I've never had food or drinks arrive so fast. And when it did... Oh. My. God. The fare was more than I could have hoped for. The Mac & Cheese was to die for and the roast pork was the juiciest and most tender I've had in a while. I would have been happy with a greasy sandwich. But this was several steps above that. I feel as though the exact second my glass or plate were empty, Kristen was there, inquiring as to whether I required anything and offering impeccable suggestions.  My palate and myself fell in love with this place and we'll be back in the near future for sure. Thank you, Kristen and Misconduct.Such a fun place! The food is delicious especially the Mac and cheese! Great place to watch a game or have a delish dinner!This is my favorite happy hour place in city.  Half price craft beer drafts.  Good food.  Lots of bathrooms.   Nice big space so no longer have to wait forever for a table and sit all cramped up next to strangers.   I dig it.  Nice job Misconduct.Great atmosphere for Arsenal games and the food is actually pretty good. But my experience with the service has been really bad. No clear idea of who your server is but if you ask any one of them you have no confidence you'll get what you asked for. I can appreciate the very busy times during games but that should be expected! Waited more than half an hour for my check on multiple occasions.I have been to this establishment many times, but have never been disrespected in the way I have tonight. The server, "Devon" approached our table and noticed we already had beers. Thus he refused to serve our table water because we had drinks already, unless we started a tab. There is not an establishment in Philadelphia that would make such a request. Honestly, we got drinks before the table became available and we intended on buying more rounds, but this behavior is unacceptable! If I'm a paying customer, which is clear because we had round of drinks, I should not have to start a tab for WATER! This was the worst service I've ever had in a bar in Philly.  My friends and I should not be subjected to this behavior. Please correct this as we would have had many rounds of drinks, but given this behavior, we will spend our money elsewhere. 
Btw, the bar was not that busy!Don't eat here. You will get sick. Try talking to the manager and you'll get nowhere.i'm picky. i hate noise and like good food. i know, what's my problem? 
i've been searching for a decent place to watch the NBA playoffs. yes, for some reason my life-long obsession with pro basketball has endured every attempt by the league to repel me. alas, i do not own a tv, so i'm forced to seek a public venue for viewing.
misconduct has been my latest location of choice. they have bright, shiny tvs and reasonably accommodating staff. unlike other bars that will remain nameless (for now... muhahaha), they will actually tune a tv on something other than philly teams even when said teams are playoffing themselves. for this, they get a bonus star. 
the second star is for scrumptious fries, made from potatoes grown in heaven, cultivated by buddha himself, harvested by the grim reaper (he's got the tools, he's got the talent), and prepared i can only presume through some dark pact with netherworld demons. oh, and a side of some mysterious sauce, which is two parts mayo and one part pizzaz. 
the third star results from a moderately quiet atmosphere most nights. i measure this simply by my ability to hold a conversation with someone at my table without having to yell. 
i stop at three stars because the rest of the menu has been lackluster, as others have observed already. i am further frustrated by a distinct lack of vegetarian dishes. sure, there are basic salads, grilled cheese, and mac & cheese, but none of them really stand out. once i had vegetable barley soup, which was memorable, but merely a soup du jour.
in summary, reasonably useful for sport-viewing and french-fry-munching (which work quite well together, actually), but otherwise take a hike elsewhere.Ordered here tonight and they screwed up every part of our order.  Fried pickles were missing the sauce, gravy fries was missing jalapeños. Got take out because we are staying at a hotel and they didn't even give silverware or napkins.My girlfriend and I wandered into this bar while spending a weekend in Philadelphia. We were struck by the unfriendliness of the staff, and my girlfriend, who is black, felt acutely uncomfortable. We have been together for years and this is the first time that she really wanted to leave a place. I paid for the beer/tip with cash under the empty glass, went to the bathroom, and then left. One of the servers followed us out into the street and accused me of not paying for the beer. I explained that I had left the money before using the bathroom.   He did not apologize until I asked him to do so and then it was obviously insincere.This is an underrated bar in the city.  I always thought their commercials on TV were pretty tacky, but stopped in this past weekend to check it out.  We arrived at the tail end of Happy Hour.  The place was pretty crowded and it took a few minutes for us to get seated.  We asked our waitress to change the closest TV to the Phillies game, which she immediately took care of.
Drink specials and selections were plentiful.  After we ordered beers, we ordered chicken fingers and fries.  After I put my order in, I had a bit of menu-remorse, as chicken fingers and fries at a bar are usually of the precooked frozen variety.  To our surprise, when the food came out, the chicken fingers had been homemade and breaded in house, and the fries were fresh cut.  They came with honey mustard and bbq sauce, both of which were very flavorful.  
All in all, I was very pleased with my experience and will be returning.  It's very affordable and a great place to catch a game or just hang out.Meh is all I really have to say.  I came here for happy hour with some coworkers. We had some food. It was fine. I dug the atmosphere enough, but the service was pretty bad for a bar that was only half full. We always were waiting on our server for beer refills, and nothing was over-the-top exceptional.  I seriously wish I had more to say, but really, meh really sums it up.Have been here a few times and several times received bad service on off hours when it wasn't terribly busy. We sat at the bar no menus or anything for well over 5 minutes while the bartender was behind the bar. While I understand the bartender may have been busy, she did not even acknowledge us nor give us menus and tell us she would be right with us. Some other bartender working the other side just happened to notice us an finally serve us. After leaving due to poor service I ended up paying a way over priced tab for only a beer. Will definitely not be my first choice when I'm down in that area of the city again to go out.My friend who lives nearby took me to lunch insisting the burger is the best in town. I ordered medium rare and got medium rare! The burger was great and came with fries. Then he tells me on Monday's they are only $5. What a deal all day Monday! I'll be back for Monday lunch for sure. 
The beer slection was good too, I had Sly Fox 113 Pale Ale on tap
and saw them tapping Bell's Two-Hearted Ale. Small glasses for $5 was kind of expensive though.
btw, don't expect to find on the street parking, this is Center City afterall.Our group of 6 dined here today for lunch.  High exposed ceilings and deep blue walls and big sports tvs make for a cool bar atmosphere.  Service was upbeat and friendly.  Unfortunately the food was just okay, and the menu is smallish pub-fare sandwiches and salads.  I ordered grilled chicken sandwich -- which can be a blank canvas inviting almost anything to spark it up.  This one was left blank - a plain breast with little seasoning except for a brushing of some sweet flavorless sauce, and a leaf of soft lettuce and a few cabbage slaw threads, all sitting on an egg-type bun that tasted day old.  The one saving grace was the fries, thin skin-on type which came in a separate bowl, perfectly salted.  One of my friends ordered a grilled cheese with avocado that looked pretty good.  The salmon sliders also looked good, served on mini egg-type buns.  IMO, the food is slightly below TGIFridays type of fare.  The location can't be beat -- so hopefully the food gets better!Love their delicious and customizable mac and cheese :) And the avocado fries!Misconduct is a nice, classy bar near RIttenhouse that's great to watch a game at. Their beer selection is decent and their mixed drink come in pint glasses--which is actually the most poignant thing about Misconduct that sticks in my mind. Food was good as well, though I mostly came for drinks.
It's a very clean, big, nice space especially compared to other spaces such as Fox & Hound just down the street. Definitely a bit lower energy too--which has benefits depending on who you're trying to watch the game with.I had my doubts about misconduct tavern due to a 5 minute visit involving a bar crawl and some red headed sluts (the shot!). This preconceived notion turned out to be totally wrong. I had a great time.
Was there for a birthday.... called 10 minutes ahead for seating, we walked in and they had a table for 15 waiting for us but the place was full minus our table. The waitress started taking our drink order from a vast slection of bottled beer and some draft. She stated she was new, only been there a week... this could have been a bad sign. It wasn't we enjoyed great service, never had to wait for a drink, the waitress was attentive and we enjoyed ourselves. Not to mention that had great food. Most of us ordered the mac and cheese, you could have it plain, or with a variety of toppings ranging from tomatoes, crabmeat, garlic, bacon, mushrooms, etc. Some of the other in our party had the burger, veggie burger, and chicken fingers. There wasn't a complaint in the place only sighs of delight over their french fries. They were even nice enough to accommodate my friend who wanted turkey added to the brie and pear sandwich. Overall it was a great experience and if they can handle a rowdy party of 15, they should be able to handle anything. I would highly recommend it to anyone who asked... yummm :o)
Side Note: They did not add a gratuity for our party of 15, I know some people prefer it when they don't add a gratuity, so I thought it was worth mentioningThere are many better places in Philly. Save your money.
Food= The food seemed uninspired and was missing a real punch or any actual seasoning. The crab sliders were bland, the veggie burger was like mush, the fries even needed salt. My friend felt robbed at the cost  versus size of the caesar salad. The one highlight was the dipping sauces.
Drinks= Generally overpriced cocktails. I heard that happy hour was ok but 1/2 off an overpriced drink just seems like you are breaking even to me.
Space= It is really tight. Like uncomfortably close to tables. The servers even had trouble squeezing in to give us our dinner and drinks.
Service= The service is crazy to say the least. I think we had like 5 waitresses?! I wasn't really sure who was taking care of us or who we were tipping. One of the girls was really nice but the others were either ditzy or rude.
Overall= Skip it.Misconduct is such an awesome spot! If you go, you MUST request to be seated in Aisling's section. She's the best...awesome waitress! Not only does she provide excellent service, but she is absolutely hilarious as well!I miss the old misconduct. My husband and I just spent about 10min seated at. the. bar. Being completely ignored. Left without being served. This used to be one of our favorites for wings & Mac n cheese. Not sure if we'll bother in the future.Snacks are smallllllllll but pricey! So if you think you're going to share a plate of _____, think again. These are for real snacks.
But wow is this tavern food of mystery and wonder! I wish I worked right by it so I could try something new and exciting every day!
We had the guac fries: salty and delicious, the lamb burger with cucumber sauce: a little too much garlic (but a massive patty), the french dip: absolutely incredible and stuffing, and the tilapia hot dog with beer cheddar sauce and caramelized onions: interesting, perfect consistency, and overall delicious (but hold some of the onions... too many). Also, the fries that came with the sandwiches were awesome. Oh, and I inhaled my caesar salad! It has a light fish oil taste to it.
Overall, I would come back weekly to try out new hot dogs, but I'd definitely avoid the snacks in the future... not worth the price to me.The place has a nautical theme. I can get down with that. Been here a few times during happy hour and even on the weekend and the service generally seems to be a hit or miss. The host stand could be more attentive when people are walking in. Their drink list is rotates seasonally and there isn't a cider I've had there on tap that I've disliked. Within the last year or so ago, there were renovations on expanding the space and they did a really a great job with making it feel a lot less cramped. The open windows/doorways are convenient when it's nice out.
I'm pretty sure that happy hour does not include food specials, which is unfortunate. I really like their mac and cheese. I really do not like the fact that it starts at $10 (given the portion size) as the base price and you can add additional items on it...for an additional fee, so you can have a pretty plate in front of you. I'm digging their avocado fries. That stuff is great! I just wish the portion size was bigger. Maybe that's my American fatty mentality speaking. The bathrooms are also very clean, which should make you comfortable doing your business. They also play soccer games and this place draws Arsenal supporters, so Spurs fan should probably stay away. You've been warned...This is a great after work hangout. Especially if your trying to pick up a hot guy in a suit... Because let me tell you there are many. 
There is a great beer list and apps. I recommend the fried avocado... To die for! They also have a ton of tvs and they are always playing the good games. So if your with a boring crowd. No worries there's still entertainment. 
So if your in the flirty mood and want some beers head on over to misconduct.This place is a joke. Was here on St. Patty's day with some friends. My two friends went outside to get their other friends and weren't allowed back in for some reason. So I went down to get them and the bouncers asked if I was with them and I said yes. They immediately grab me by my armpits and get aggressive with me and kick me out for no reason. I tried to ask them why I go kicked out and they just kept yelling at me to "Get the fuck away!"
How can you just kick someone out who is completely sober and not doing anything wrong?
Safe to say that this place will NEVER get my business again.Maybe my standards are high but I work not to far from this place and ran in for a lunch time salad.  I like many others have heard that the food here is good.  I have had the chicken fingers from here before they where really good but took forever to come out.  The place wasn't crowded on that occasion.  Today I was in before the lunch time rush.  Ordered an arugula duck salad $11.  Waited a half hour and my To-go salad came with a hand full of greens (maybe 6 mouthfulls) and luke warm bland tasting duck.  Took it back and the bartender made it seem like it was ok for me to eat Luke warm salad.  Went to a soup and salads chain not to far and paid less for an abundance of  tastier food.Drinks:
Decent bar, good drinks.
I've been told their bloody mary's are really good.
I like their Dark and Stormy.
It doesn't get too crowded which is nice, unless there's a game on.
Foodwise: 
There's a large mac and cheese selection where you can build your own. AWESOME.
Avocado fries are good.Went in Saturday at 6pm for food and a beer.  Great place, full of people,  all having a good time.  Although it was crowded, got a table, immediately had a waitress come by and take care of us.  Good food.  I had wings and an excellent Ceasar, buddy had a French dip.  Beer selection was good.   Super service, vibrant and fun.   Recommend for happy hour or a bar to eat in.For starters, Misconduct Tavern is one of the better bar food locations in the city. I wouldn't necessarily say it is anything special but the food there is pretty decent. My only real complaint is that it can get awfully crowded and hot inside. If you're claustrophobic, probably not the ideal place to be.Good burgers and they really know how to make an Old Fashioned.Nice tavern. Good service. Good drink specials. Food was pricey smaller portions. Nice placeCame here to watch the USA women's soccer game last night and loved it. Service was quick and consistent throughout the game, even though it was wall-to-wall packed with people. Solid beer selection with lots of seasonal choices, my table also split the potato popper, mini sliders, and chicken fingers-even though I didn't try them they smelled delicious and were gone in 2 minutes flat. 
Cute waterfront decor and very nice, clean individual bathrooms make this place a nice option to watch sports!I was looking for a place to do a large goodbye party Happy Hour for my coworkers and my Center City friend recommended Misconduct.  Overall I was very happy with the experience.  I was happy with the Happy Hour prices and the size of the space.  We had quite a large group but were able to spread out reasonably well.  The server wasn't the friendliest but he was pretty good about checking in with us regularly.  It's a bummer that they gave us one large bill--such a pain when you have 20+ people to account for!  But other than that I enjoyed my time there and I would definitely go back for another big happy hour celebration.Not what I expected. Good good. The grilled cheese with guacamole and bacon was awesome. Where did that bacon come from? !   Friendly and efficient staff. Noisy inside bit come football season it will be great!My restaurant photo collection contains 554 restaurants and 178 of those are burger places.The burger here ranks at the bottom of this list so let's break it down
Bun--horrible dry seeded bun
Meat--overcooked 
Condiments--needed much more and the small ketchup chalices ain't cutting itMeh exactly covers Misconduct in one syllable.
Uneven, generally mediocre food.  
Fair beer selection and good wine choices, though the reds are often too warm.
Odd mix of 20 somethings, lawyers and publishing types.
Beautiful oak bar and odd nautical theme.  
The staff can be fun and friendly or bored and ignorant.Dope spot to kick it. I was amazed at how empty and spacious it is. Compared to other places in Center City, this is a great spot to grab a cheap beer and have a good conversation. Good draft list and something to please everybody. I think the happy hour is ehhhh... $1 oysters, and $3 lager as well as some other goodies. However, I think the ambiance is awesome. I will definitely be back; I'm bummed I haven't stepped in sooner!I'm not sure what the big deal about this bar is? We stopped by once on a Friday night, it was a little crowded and they did have the downstairs open but no one was downstairs! 
I stopped by a second time after CC sips and it wasn't too crowded so we were able to get seats at the bar. The bartender was nice. I got their signature sweet tea lemonade, loved it! It's very good, but $10?! a little too much.Recent visits have been better. The food here actually is pretty good and as long as they aren't busy, service is improved. Beer list changes often.Great place to hang out. Good selection of drinks and snacks. Not overcrowded like other sports bars in the city.It's great that this place serves food so late on the weekends!  The chx fingers I got were good, and the french onion soup my girlfriend had was met with a good review also.  The bar is nice inside, a good place to have friends meet you out for a drink and a late night bite to eat.Had dinner here with a friend. I am weirdly in love with the mason jars they serve their alcoholic beverages in...a nice touch. I got the Veggie Burger (pretty good for one i'd say!) and my friend got the Mac and Cheese (she raved). Good place to catch up, I wouldn't necessarily go here if I wasn't in the neighborhood. Had a clan of boisterous drunks at the bar which was a tad annoying and a tad entertaining.loved it. Spun the wheels for places in Philly that I eve never been, landed here & was not disappointed. For starters the location was great for public transportation, maybe not so great for parking but downtown in any major city that is to be expected. 
After a long hospital stay we wanted a TON of good food and were prepared to pay like we weigh but ended up here on happy hour, ordered on AND off that menu and everything was STILL reasonably priced. To start the meal the wait staff were attentive and quick. The interior was warmly decorated and even had a fireplace. It was relaxed and though many partitioners had on suits & ties it was not pretentious in the least. Drink orders were taken w/ in 5min on a fairly busy night & the food runner w/ the jovial disposition kept buzzing by with plates that helped us narrow down what we wanted. Menu had enough for everyone without being too overbearing so we decided on Edamame and Muscles for appetizers along w/ ordering the house wine and cranberry juice for drinks. We then went for cheese fries, mac & cheese, salmon sliders, bison burger AND a Caesar salad. All entrees were freshly made & seasoned phenomenally. Going back for the chicken tenders next time as they looked great buzzing by. Total bill was just under $55 and we left a healthy tip for our good service.
Only drawbacks were parking, for some reason the water tasted like it came out of a bad pipe and the bathrooms are single/stand alone but are coed so ladies be prepared for the smell of strong urine.Best atmosphere to watch the Women's FIFA final and amazing snacks! Ordered the Ahi sliders, edamame, sweet potato fries, avocado fries and salmon sliders for our group and everyone loved them! Standing room only for big games so get there early.Good place with friendly service. The food is much better than the average tavern food. If you are in the area, this is a good stop.Love getting their bacon Mac and cheese. Good happy hour beer specials and always gets packed for a good game on tv. For major sports events (like the World Cup), you need to get there well before the game or you won't get a spot. 
Great atmosphere and this is one of my go to spots in that area of the city. 
Is it weird that I really like their bathroom setup? Lots of times bars don't have enough stalls...they do!They have my favorite cocktail in the world as a happy hour special - The Dark and Stormy. I make it at home all of the time, but I love it even more when it is handed to me for $5 or less!
I have heard great things about the food, so I will have to make another trip soon!Come here to watch sports, which this bar has tons of TVs and should be great for. But they have mediocre food and the 90s boy band music they are playing so loud people have to literally yell at each other to be heard kills the atmospher. 
Wings with dry rub tasted sweet, meat shouldn't be sweet. Especially wings. 
Beer list is okay, but lacking to others in the area. 
Will not be back, atmospher is crap, it's too loud and service is slow.Misconduct is a good bar to watch sporting events: multiple tvs with different games.  A long bar with lots of stools plus numerous tables for dining. The beer selection is solid.  The roast beef sandwich/French dip is very satisfying.  Be sure to ask for the mayo when you get fries: it has a bit of a bite and is irresistible.  A few friends swear by their signature basil-cucumber cocktail.
I've always found the service to be hospitable and sufficient.
This is a great bar to bring a group of friends to chill, talk and grab some good food and beer.Bad food.  Bad service. Actually, really bad food.  Really bad service.  
The oysters were slimy and had an odd taste.  I hope I am ok tomorrow morning. The mussels were not under seasoned, they were unseasoned.  The broth at the bottom of the bowl was not consumed because it tasted like garlic and soap water. Possibly the worst mussels dish I have ever partially eaten. 
The porchetta sandwich was all bread and no pork.  Dinic's is much better.  Just nothing redeeming about the food.  
I do not recommend this place.I used to bring everyone in my unit to this place. Not any more. We had only been there for drinks. They all mentioned the food was terrible but what has me giving this place one star is the service. The female manager is rude and standoffish. If someone tells you there is an issue with their waiter, say you will deal with it and move on! Don't engage with your customer, don't be rude to them and for the love of god don't cuss! 
We found a new bar to plant our elbows at and tip handsomely. Don't waste your time here.Ahh, the MT. What started out as the unofficial waiting room for Good Dog (which is always suuper crowded, especially on Quizzo nights!) has quickly become a favorite in its own right.
I first stumbled into Misconduct because I dug the name (who doesn't appreciate a little Misconduct?)...turns out Misconduct is actually the name of the owner's ship. Last I checked, Philly's not exactly a nautical capital...but whatever floats your boat.  (Oh yes. I went there.)
Anyway, Misconduct offers decent food, in a low-key setting, with an impressive beer list to boot. Last visit, I had the Misconduct burger (perfectly cooked, juicy, and with ah-maz-ing shoestring fries) and the Artichoke-crab-bruschetta -- I swear I thought I tasted heaven, and it tasted like artichoke and crab bruschetta.
The beer list features all sorts of delicious rarities, like the Anchor Steam seasonals -- ON TAP! -- plus the ever-elusive 16-oz. Strongbow cider cans.
The crowd is a good mix of hipsters, business professionals, and sports fans who wandered down from Fox & Hound -- I dig the variety, almost as much as the eats.Live heading here for drinks and sports. The remodels years ago are great, and the food is quality bar food.Came here to watch the NFL games on Sunday.  It was awesome because they had the TVs labeled by what game would be showed, so we grabbed a seat based on this.  It then changed like three times, lucky for us they didn't move our targeted game, I don't think some others were so lucky.  Then we had several issues with service.  Food/drink were ordered.  It sometimes didn't come at all. It sometimes came wrong.  Both scenarios resulted in us scrutinizing the bill which was incorrect as some of the food that was misordered or never delivered was on it.  We also had a problem with a server telling us something was on special and then us being charge a regular price.  That also had to be corrected. It got super super crowded (not necessarily a bad thing depending how you feel about it).  A little to crowded for my taste.  In short, not rushing back.Finally was able get here. Was not as impressed as I expected to be. Two of us went for lunch. One had the duck salad - it was ok, but a little plain, plenty of duck, but not much else but greens.
I had the braised, pulled turkey with carrots and celery. The portion was appropriate. It was served on a nice looking Brioche toasted bun. It was very tasty - however the problem was it was served at almost at room temperature. It was just slightly warm - but I chose to eat it as is - since it took 35 minutes for us to get our food, and I didn't want to wait any longer. My guess is it sat out and got cold before someone finally realized it needed to be served. I also asked for cole slaw as my side, but they gave me fries. They brought me cole slaw when I reminded them. The fries was decent, above average.
Bottom line - I think there are some service and expediting issues that need addressing.Me and my family came here after we had seen Bronx Tale play. I really liked the decor. Pictures of sloops on the walls and port and starboard lights when you walk in. We went there and got something to eat which was good. But, the main reason I wanted to go there was because I heard they had dark and stormy's (combination of dark spiced rum and ginger beer) This is not something you can find everywhere. Anyway I'd def go back here in a pinch if I ran out of goslings and ginger beer.A standard lunch spot for us - the beer selection isn't awesome but you can get some randoms; Avery was in there doing a tasting a few months ago and that was cool.  I don't stray too far from the mussels or the grilled caeser but when I do, it's for the burger.  They will cook it as rare as legally possible...one time I was there (and I'm there a lot that's why this is funny) and I ordered the burger and the owner came out with a raw beef patty and said, "is this right, Meg??"  
That's the reason I like to come here - most of the time the service is really friendly and attentive.  The bar is gorgeous and ESPN is on every station - how could you not dig this place?
Oh, and the onion rings are REEEEDICYOUUUUULOUS.Everytime I walk into Misconduct Tavern, I'm chanting in my head with excitement...
Dark-'N-Stormy! Dark-'N-Stormy! Dark-'N-Stormy!
Food/ Drinks: 4.0 stars
Good bar food.  Great Mac and Cheese platter.  I highly recommend trying the Mac and Cheese.  I got it with Sun Dried Tomtatoes and Chicken and it was delicious  Definitley a step above its competition in the quality ingredients served in their food.   Good appetizers that go well with the bountiful beers on tap and of course they make a mean Dark and Stormy.  Definitely one of my favorite chill local spots.
Ambiance: 4.0 stars
The restaurant and bar are clean. The decor isn't overly cheezy and the lighting is refreshingly bright. This is a great bar to eat, drink, and watch your favorite sporting events.
Location: 4.0 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
A little overpriced.  If the prices were a little bit more affordable, this place would be top notch in my book.
Service: 4.0 stars
The bartenders are attentive, fast and considerate.  It's always nice when you feel like someone is making a genuine effort to make sure you are taken care of.
Overall: 4.0 stars
Come for drinks, stay for dinner, watch some games, talk to some people... its all good at Misconduct Tavern... Dark-'N-Stomry... Dark-'N-Stormy...This is probably my favorite bar in the city.  It has great food, the burger's are terriffic and any time I venture beyond a hamburger and a beer, I've been happy with the result (for e.g. they have a wide selection of fish burgers that are delicious).
Always have a great beer selection.  The bartenders and waitresses always provide prompt service and are mostly friend.  Lots of TVs.  Really, my only complaint is that this bar has become so popular over the years.  When I moved here in 2007, I used to be able to come down here and get a seat at the bar and flip on whatever game I wanted, now, its often packed.  But it deserves it, great spot.Went for a group lunch time with fellow employees. 
A group of 6 was seated quickly, as we were early for the lunch crowd. 
It was a lovely atmosphere. Plenty of bathrooms are available, I wonder why? 
As it was a work lunch, we were unable to consume alcohol. But, the draft list was decent. It also appears they had a selection of other fine libations. 
I ordered a pork sandwhich. The fries were awesome and quickly consumed. The pork came with a jus on the side. It was flavorful and fresh. The portion was large sized.
I give this place 4 stars due to the quick action of the waitress. We asked for separate checks which she completed quickly for us, as we were due back to a training. 
She was friendly and kept up with our table, one person arrived late due to a long work call. She got him food promptly so he could eat with the rest of us.I've walked past Misconduct many times on my way to and from the Patco and always thought, "hey, I should stop in there sometime." Well, sometime came and I was unimpressed. Looks like I'll keep walking on by.This is hands down my favorite bar in Philly.  Living across the street we go here A LOT.  They have great happy hour prices $4 beers and wines, $5 cocktails.  The food is GREAT bar food!!!!  We always get the fries, Mac and cheese, and chicken fingers.  The grilled cheese with avocado is absolutely heaven!
It can get really crowded but eventually you will get a table or bar seat.  And they recently renovated so there are more tables and TVs.
The best part about Misconduct is the staff.  My favorite bartenders are Keith, Chris, Ciara, and Samantha.  And waitress Sam is super nice.  But everyone is friendly there.  I'm going to miss this place when I move!My friends and I arrived at this bar after work late on a Friday night. We grabbed a table in the bar area. Given that no waiter had come by after close to 15 minutes, we decided to order drinks at the bar and bring them back to our table. Soon thereafter, the server appears and gives us an ultimatum that if we order any more drinks, we must do so through him or forfeit our table and leave the establishment. He was rude, and did not make us feel welcome. Misconduct really needs to work on training their servers in customer service skills.Stumbled upon this place while out and about before the parade. Everything started good until our order got messed up. We have a friend with dietary restrictions and asked for his meal a specific way. When they brought it out, it was incorrect. We sent it back. They then sent a runner with the same plate to try to serve us again. We again declined it. A third time the waitress came out and instructed us to "just push what you can't eat to the side"... We again refused, explained, and the attitude this little girl caught was indescribable. We asked to have the whole meal remade and an hour and a half later, we left and he had still not eaten. Us, not anyone we know will ever eat there again. And I hope that anyone who reads this does the same. FUCK MISCONDUCT and their asshole wait staff...Went on 03/19/16 for the first time and it was awesome...was packed to the brim and only took about 15 minutes to get a table...as busy as it was our server was incredible, food was great, was just an awesome night out...will def be going back...After casually patronizing Misconduct for several years, some recent great experiences are quickly making this one of my favorite neighborhood bars.
Every time I walk in they seem to be bursting at the seams with an energetic crowd - completely full . . . except for one table for me!  Even though it is often noisy, it never quite crosses the line where you can't have a conversation.  The bartenders and waitstaff are very adept at dealing with a crowd, so you get to enjoy the fun atmosphere of being somewhere popular without the usual downsides of long waits or bad attitudes.
The draft list changes often, and usually represents a good mix of popular crowd pleasers and more unique brews.  They have a nicer whiskey list than many casual spots.  The menu is mostly basic bar food, but it is all executed really well.  The burgers are fantastic; the French dip and pesto chicken wrap stand out among the sandwiches; and the fries are always fresh and wonderfully potato-y.
Misconduct does a better job than most at appealing to a wide crowd.  At it's core, it is a slightly nicer (and therefore slightly more expensive) version of your standard corner bar.  There are plenty of sports-showing TVs, but it is not a sports bar.  There are plenty of down-to-earth patrons, but it is not a dive bar.  There are plenty of well-dressed people, but it is not fancy.  The decor is pleasantly nautical but not over the top, and a recent renovation has opened up the back space and greatly improved the bathroom situation.
I can't imagine ever turning down a suggestion to go here.Fun way to grab a drink and a bite before a concert. Mac and Cheese with duck confit was awesome and my wife loved the French onion soup. Everything else else food/drink wise was good but not great. Atmosphere was what you expect from a sports bar, but the ship decor was very cool.Stopped in last night for a quick bite and drink and was pleasantly surprised. The layout and space is not over cramped and quite comfortable for a city bar. Decent beer list and good happy hour pricing. Service was friendly.
We had the cheesesteak empanadas (yum!!), their classic burger and cheese fries (which are actually fries covered in fondue and corned beef. Delicious!). I would definitely go back to try more items from the menu and would recommend for others to try.The first time that I was at Misconduct they had a foie gras burger that my friend ordered.  It looked AMAZING and I was very jealous.  I went back and was disappointed to find that it was removed from the menu.  I ordered the pulled pork slider instead, and was underwhelmed.  The whole sandwich was pretty dry, I didn't finish it.  
The beer selection is nice, but I wouldn't come here just for a bar, it is kind of cramped for that.Before coming to this place, I had been of the opinion that all servers in Philadelphia are rude, inattentive, and incapable.  Months ago, two friends and myself decided to give this place a try after having a few drinks elsewhere and being completely fed up with the service.  The decor was nothing special (as in typical pub/tavern) and I remember feeling a little out of place (many mid-30 men completely glued to some sports game).  Our waitress was amazing!  She was so friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and beers.  Out of the food we ordered, the avocado fries (avocado slices, breaded, then deep fried) were the best, absolutely to die for and have returned for them multiple times.  I find myself at Misconduct when no where else is sounding appealing, and have yet to regret the decision.We have been to Misconduct more than a new times. Just to grab a bite to eat or wait for friends. For a bar, their menu is amazingly diverse. I really enjoyed a special they had - Grilled Mahi Mahi "Cheesesteak" with tomatoes, caramelized onions, and a beer cheese sauce on a Sarcone's roll.  Great number of beers on tap. At least 8 televisions! Crowded on the weekends, but service was great. Overally, this is a nice spot to catch the game, and eat. I probably wouldn't recommend me this for cheap drinking though - the prices are a bit steep.The food needs improvement. Particularly the black bean burger which was pretty un-eatable.Had a great time when I went here. Went for happy hour and then again for after dinner drinks. Both servers I had were friendly and attentive, most likely because we had a big group and were expecting some good tips
The venue was much nicer than I was expecting and pretty spacious. Our group didn't make reservations, but they were super accommodating.. there were a total of 15 of us trickling in so they set aside an area for us. They were good about making sure each person was tended to and I honestly didn't have many complaints. My late night server was much friendlier than the happy hour server, but I was still happy regardless!
I'll probably stop by again with friends.. didn't try the food, but not sure that I would considering other reviews. I'm ok with just the drinks.
Oh also - i had this Belgian white beer that was just everything. Light, refreshing.. just perfect! It's gotta be a new fave for me. I'm still trying to figure out what beers I like, but this has definitely made the list!Good place to meet up with friends and drink. Relaxed atmosphere with TVs. Mac and cheese was pretty good. Decent burger and sandwiches. Cool nautical decor. Service was decent.This review is strictly for their happy hour - I've eaten once (turkey wrap, perfectly acceptable with yummy fries) - but have been several times for happy hour. The staff is friendly and unassuming, and the specials are fantastic. I mean, how can you beat (pretty much) half-priced everything, especially when the full prices are already reasonable? 
If you're looking for somewhere fancy, or quiet, or stuffy, Misconduct is not the place for you. If, instead, you're looking for a good time with friends (especially between the hours of 5 and 7!) it's one of the best places around.First of all, they are know for their mac n cheese and its HELLA good. Creamy and flavorful and yummy. The burgers are hearty and delicious. A nice atmosphere, dark and comfortable, the way a tavern should be. The full bar is great if you want to hang out and watch a game on tv too. 
Its a solid place in center city that I would definitely recommend .Good food with a pub atmosphere.  The sandwiches are good, but I go for the Mac and cheese.  You can add your own toppings, which can get pretty pricy if you add a bunch of things.  I usually get the roasted garlic and sun dried tomatoes.  It's the perfect amount of creamy and stringy cheeses and makes for great comfort food.Friends and I went out to watch the basketball game last night. There are many, large TV screens a over the bar so it makes for a fun game night spot. The food is great, we had the wings and fries just to snack in while having some drinks.Bigger is not always better.
Misconduct has recently undergone a large scale renovation and expansion into the neighboring space, and has also undergone a global shift in atmosphere.  What was once a cozy, yet bustling, unique gastro-pub has morphed into yet another mega-bar where you can have a generically "okay" beers and food experience.  It's packed, loud, and rowdy - sometimes complete with fist pumping.
The menu contents are the same, but execution of a lot of the food has been lacking.  The customizable mac & cheese, in particular, has let me down.  I guess it is good for the business that they were profitable enough as a small neighborhood stand-out to morph into an even more profitable scene, but it's not my scene.I went to Misconduct Tavern for a beer launch and the opening of the Sixers season which caused it to be a pretty busy night, despite that I was still sat somewhat quickly and my waiter was very attentive.
It was a great place to watch a Sixers game with TVs all over the bar and you never had to look too far to see what was going on.
Misconduct Tavern offers a large beer list, and collaborates with local breweries on occasion for their own beers at their location. The food menu is also pretty impressive, they offer at least a dozen style of burgers which all sound very interesting. This night a I had an Italian wedding soup burger, which was a ground pork and white bean burger with escarole and provolone. The burger was incredibly unique and had lots of flavor.
Misconduct Tavern is also a very good spot for SIPs during the summer they offer several good food specials and drink specials to keep an eye out for this summerThis is definitely my Center City go-to bar. Great food, good selection of drafts and awesome bartenders (Fleming!!). The restaurant's not too large and it's a popular spot so expect a crowd. I usually drink beer but if I'm feeling adventurous I'll order the Grape Transfusion; tastes like a jolly rancher and gotta love that it's served in a mason jar. Some of my food favorites are the avocado fries and mac & cheese (you get to select whatever toppings you want, which can be dangerous). Remember to look up if you haven't been before, the ceiling is curved and wooden like a ship!Came here for beer week and had a great time here watching the nba finals and drinking some beers while trying out their eclectic menu.
Their menu comes of interesting items like sea bass burger and mahi mahi hotdog?!
The price was average and our waitress accomodated our group by changing the tv channel for one of the tv's to nba despite the phillies game being on.
They also have some burger specials that are decent.
Would go back again.  Crowd is similar to your Irish Pub, McGillan's, Morarity's type.Swung by on Friday night with some friends.  We came from the Irish Pub... which I hate... so I walked through the door with a good buzz, happy to have coerced my friends away from the bar I avoid for the same reasons I avoid Manayunk at night.  
I've been to Misconduct to booze before, and to eat, and both left great tastes in my mouth.  This particular night, the place was packed.  The Boston Police were hot in pursuit of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, and the whole bar was getting involved in the chase.  The place was buzzing!  When they finally caught him, everyone was cheering.  It was great!  Unfortunatly, the influx of people meant a decline in service.  I only tried to order 2 things- a pint, and Mac and cheese, and didn't have any personal issues, but I watched as some of the guys I was with tried to flag down a bar tender using cash money, but couldn't catch her gaze.  These are big, strong, corn fed, american boys that are tough to miss.  Especially with a few beers in them.  It was really bizarre to me that she was giving them the cold shoulder.  
My pint was perfect, and the mac and cheese was AMAZING.  It usually is.  I got the standard issue mac and cheese, but they have all sorts of mix-ins that you can add to enhance the already masterful dish.  They make it so when you take a bite, you get those lovely, gooey, cheesy strands that act as a bridge from your fork back to the dish reminiscent of mozarella sticks.  It's rich, flavorful, comforting, and happiness-inducing.  Unforutnatly for me, I had a few too many drinks, and ate a bit too late in the game... so I ended up taking the majority of my mac home with me... but it also makes a great breakfast!
I'll be back to Misconduct for sure, but if it was as packed as it was last Friday, I think I'd be a tad wary of the service.  If you can't get a drink in the first 3-5 minutes of trying, I'd head somewhere else to avoid a night of frustration.Burgers are very good and so are the mussels.  Mac and Cheese is awesome as well!  Nice beer selection and you got to love  a Basil Lemonade.  Although they aren't quite the same without TOM not being there to make them any longer. 
Great spot to grab drinks and a bite to eat.  Pretty good place to catch the game as well but get here early to get a seat!Being here on a Sunday was a little intense, especially since the Eagles were playing. If your coming here to watch your local team (Eagles) get here a bit early. Otherwise it is standing room only.
I ordered one appetizer (Avocado fries) and they weren't as good as I expected. The batter wasn't seasoned and the avocados weren't quite ripe.
For my cocktail I ordered the Moscow Mule. Now, I didn't expect it to be served in the traditional copper mug but when I got it there was so much ice that it was gone in 4 sips. Not worth $10.
Service was better than expected. Our server was very friendly and so was the hostess that greeted us.DEAR LORD the macaroni and cheese here is good! The fact that you can tailor it to your taste with additional ingredients adds a whole new element of fun as well. First let me start by saying, this is now the front runner as far as my favorite macaroni and cheese in the city...but I think I need to resample the mac and cheese at Good Dog to be sure. It's so creamy and cheesy, and has the very integral layer of melted cheese on top. 
I chose prosciutto and arugula as my additions, and found it a tiny bit too salty, but it was still amazing. 
The reason that I gave Misconduct 3 starts is because I wasn't too impressed with the French Dip sandwich. The meat was really gritty, but I have to say the horseradish sauce it was served with had a really good tangy flavor and complemented the perfectly salted shoestring fries very well. There just seemed to be something missing for me to give the 4 star rating...but, I'll be back for some more mac and cheese, the most perfect comfort food in the world :)Get the basil lemonade!
What a great happy hour place!!! This place is like a more spacious version of Alpha/Devils Alley. And they actually have semi healthy and cheap appz! Also, the specialty cocktails are just $5...and the basil lemonade one was amazing!!! Also, the avocado fries were sooo good, never had them before, but can't wait to try them again. Plus the chicken tenders were some of the lightest and moistest...ever! They were not super greasy or covered in yucky bread coating. Loved them. Although the french and honey mustard dipping sauces were pretty terrible, the BBQ was great. Wasn't too much of a fan of the edamame because it was swimming in beer juice, so it wasn't as dry and salty as I like. The place got PACKED around 5:30-6 so make sure to get there early to grab a table. Plus, a great crowd of younger professionals, and they have big TVs for the sports liking people.
PS. There is also a row of unisex bathrooms which is kinda unqiue!Maybe the worst bar to watch Sunday football in the city. The owner changed the games when there were mulitple critical plays going on at the end of games. Also the burger was actually burnt and the onion ringers were doughy. If you're going to spend money to enjoy your football experience don't do it here.After going to a concert at the Kimmel we decided to try the Misconduct Tavern. The bar area was pretty loud when we came in but we sat to the right of the bar where the tables are and were able to have a conversation that didn't involve screaming over music. We sat down and shortly after our waiter came over to take our order. We ordered the Misconduct Burger and the Chipotle Chicken hot dog. Both are recommended and even the fries it came with were good. It's a good place to get bar type food with a twist.Misconduct's good beer selection and reasonably available seating makes it a good alternative to Monk's, when all you want is a good beer and a place to sit with a group.
But why don't any of the beers on the menu have prices? That's just misconducive to my drinking!Misconduct is my go-to place for moderately priced, reliable bar food. During spring & summer, they offer a delicious basil-lemonade: lemonade, muddled basil & vodka, served in mason jars! At 10 bucks a pop, they're a bit pricey, but you can grab them for half price during the 5-7pm happy hour. The only food I've ever eaten here is their burger; no complaints. Served on a delicious, buttery, toasty bun, cooked to order, and served with either a side of fries or mixed greens salad. The fries here are my idea of perfection; crispy, lightly salted, and a few burnt ones thrown in for good measure (my favorite). They used to serve the fries with an aioli, but on my last visit, they did not have it. If you're a vegetarian, the veggie burger has received rave reviews from friends. During nice weather, this is a great spot for sitting outdoors and sharing a unique cocktail, while people watching or catching a Phils game. 
PS: For all of you sports fanatics, they have flat screen televisions outside!Baked Mac n cheese with your choice of fix-ins? awww yeaah.
This place is a good place to go if you feel like having something quick with a decent beer. They have a wide selection of brews just like any other bar in the area. The food though, definitely puts them over the top. The nautical theme is cute too.
I've only had pleasant servers when eating inside or outside. I haven't been in here when it was insanely busy, so take my rating with a grain of salt. Add some of their delicious fries to that salt while you're at itBurgers were good. Muscles came out raw. Order kept getting messed up. Although menu says "starters" all food came out at the same time. Waitress was very friendly but they couldn't get our order right.My sister in law told me to give our server a one dollar tip, which I did not do out of principle, but I agreed that that is what should have been done. We stopped in after the Phillies game last night and were hoping to find a cozy place with good food. We ordered nothing complicated: three burgers (one veggie) , fried calamari and French onion soup. It took 40 minutes. We asked our server to check on it, which she may or may not have done. It was all very strange. At one point, after nicely pouring my husband's beer into his pilsner glass, she tossed a can of beer to my brother-in-law who also had ordered a beer. My veggie burger and salad were fine, but nothing great. I wish the service and food were better because they have great TVs.Very good mac-n-cheese.  Excellent beer selection.   They won me over with Franziskaner Hefeweizen on tap.  Great place to watch sports, also.  Friendly and fast service.We decided to check this place out the other night for dinner. We were in the mood for something casual/low key, but still good, and we found the right place.
Misconduct was featuring some rare beers on tap for beer week, but while I wasn't in the mood for any of these, they had many bottled beers to chose from. 
The food here was definitely great for a dive-esk type of bar. We ordered their mac-n-cheese for appetizer, and what is great about this is you can customize it! We ordered ours with mushrooms and garlic, and between the two of us we devoured it. 
For dinner, my girlfriend got their veggie burger, which was very good, and, in her opinion, better than the one they make at Good Dog. I was in the mood for some really good wings, and was hoping Misconduct delivered, and boy did they! Their buffalo sauce was actually legitimately spicy, and it came with plenty of bleu cheese and celery. 
All in all, this a good option for food and drinks, and location wise it is a bit out of the way but still close to lots of other bars/restaurants in Center City.Really not good at all. I was taken in by a good beer selection, but the food is pretty bad. Came in with my girlfriend at around 2pm on a Friday. Not very busy, we were seated at a table across from the bar. Like I said, I liked the beer selection which put me in a good mood. We ordered appetizers to share, Avocado Fries and Beer Battered Pickle Chips. Both were completely devoid of any taste, as were the sauces that came with them. My girlfriend got the Marinated Salmon Salad, which looked like the most horrible piece of seafood I have ever seen, the majority of which she left on the plate. I had the Roast Pork Sandwich, which like the apps, had no taste at all. Rarely have I seen a meal, apps and entrees, so consistently bad. The waitress gave good, friendly service, so there was no problem there. In a neighborhood with many more dining choices, there is no reason to come here for anything more than the beer.I only spent about 45 minutes in here but it was an enjoyable experience. The age group may have been a little bit older than mine but I wasn't bothered at all. I struck up a small and friendly conversation with a neighbor at the bar, joked around with the bar-tender, and enjoyed their great Happy Hour special. The interior looks like the inside of a boat and there are like 10 bathrooms all uni-sex, individual rooms well kept and squeaky clean.Mac and cheese with red peppers was awesome!  Veggie burger was disappointing.I gave a bad tip you guys. It was more a number that just popped into my head, after some preliminary math. In the car home after, I checked, and it was 13%. I feel kind of guilty about this. I never do this, honest. I don't know why, but I was just so ticked off by the whole experience. We really should have left after round two of drinks, at which point I still would have tipped 20% just as a matter of courtesy. The Boy wanted to stay because he already became attached to the food menu, big mistake. The thing I disliked the most about this place didn't even have to do with the food, which is extremely rare for me. It just was the most unpleasant service I can remember, and I don't plan to be back.
When we arrived we gave a name and number to be placed on the wait list and was told it would be a 20 minute wait. I didn't actually catch what she said the first time, but after 20 minutes I went to check just to be sure she hadn't said 10 minutes. The hostess shares that she had originally said 20 minutes, and not 10; I can't verify this by memory, so I'll say she's right. At this point she says "I'm keeping an eye on it, I promise." The Boy is fresh off of about two months on crutches then a cane, and there we stood at the bar for at least 45 minutes before he just caved and asked bar neighbors if anyone could spare a chair. He got one. Then I begin my hunt for a chair, failing a total of 3 times before I could gain the attention of our hostess again. She had just seated another party. She apologized and asked if we were content at the bar and if she could help me find a chair. Accepting defeat after over an hour of waiting for a table, I acquiesced.
We actually came here to catch the Phillies game. I am going to my first real life baseball game soon and I wanted to watch a game for practice. They didn't have the game on but had college football. I'm not a frequenter of sports bars, but I think the game specials were weak. Food was average and uninspired. We had raw oysters (on second thought not the smartest order from a dive-y establishment), avocado fries (not as good as it sounded like it'd be), mac'n'cheese with basil pesto (probably the best thing we had), and bratwursts (meh). I tried a sweet tea lemonade, because I always like the taste. Like the food, this was not bad or good news, it was no news at all. The food's competently executed, to be sure, especially given that it's a (sports) bar, but I would need to be wowed by the food to put up with the incompetence. Our bartender/waiter, I should say, was a-okay.
The atmosphere feels like Tavern on Broad, but the food is admittedly better (which is really not saying much). The treated wood at the bar was peeling and sticky. Menus had broad streaks from wiping (which is better than sticky, I suppose). The crowd is one note and really loud. I think even if we were seated right away, it would still have been only a 3 star experience and I never would have left eager to return. In retrospect, I feel bad for the 13% tip, and I think I really should have left instead of letting the service and the wait sour an afternoon.I'd give more stars...rating only on the atmosphere. Came in for a few beers for happy hour and had a blast! Came back to a way different crowd! It was really crowded (I know it's Friday) but lots of screaming "bros" and young girls....I'd definitely recommend coming and leaving early unless you're into being pushed, screamed at and spilled on.The food is amazing. We had 7 people in the group for dinner and we got seating quickly and everybody loved their food. We are definitely coming back. The waitress was super attentive! Fries are ok. Next time I would just get potato salad or coleslaw. Both of those were great. Go here if you want great food and a place to eat with a large group.I rolled through Misconduct earlier this week for lunch.  I was by myself (loser, yes I know...), and stumbled across it while in the neighborhood getting quotes for a print job I need done.  My friends highly recommended their burgers, but I couldn't even find it the first time I tried to check it out.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I guess it's not too inconspicuous, but I am kind of confused that I know the neighborhood pretty well and had only just found it almost by accident.  The late lunch crowd was pretty thin, but I opted to sit at the bar and watch some sports center.  It looked like a great place to go watch the game with a few buddies, chow down on burgers and have a couple of brews.  Felt slightly bro bar but whatever, I was there for lunch, at least it didn't smell like a bro bar.  In fact I liked the decor a lot, it was some sort of adaptation of the inside of a sailboat.
THE FOOD/DRINKS:
I ordered a lunch burger, the size of which was very surprising.  I expected much bigger, and wasn't entirely satiated.  Even still, it was very good...I can see why my friends hold Misconduct's burgers in such high regard-- flavorful, juicy beef, perfectly-textured fried onions, and an ever-so-slightly toasted roll stacked high.  I just wish it were a little bigger, but I learned that there is a larger burger, the lunch one I got was purposefully a bit smaller.  I had a Franziskaner with my burger, a fine pairing, they appear to have a pretty comprehensive bar offering, one of these days I should go for dinner, get a burger the size I like, and then stay for some drinks.
THE PRICING:
Reasonable, but certainly not a cheap burger compared to other taverns...then again, most other taverns don't serve burgers like these.  Same goes for the beer, I paid $20 (generous tip included) for lunch and was sort of still hungry shortly after.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
Well-worth checking out, delicious burgers.  It doesn't take the cake for my favorite burger ever, but I can feel myself craving one as I finish writing this, which is a rare occurrence.  Just make sure you don't miss it on the street if you've never been there before!Delicious. I've been here twice now and I've had the french dip and the macaroni and cheese. Both were fresh and full of flavor. I'm going here tomorrow for my birthday so I can get me some bamf mac and cheese! Can't wait to try more!This place just feels great! Fantastic people watching in an open setting where you feel welcome and comfortable interacting with the people around you!
It's big and open, clean, well-lit, and always has a decent amount of people, busy on game nights. Mixed crowd. Great hallway of pretty, clean, little bathrooms! Not too loud. They pipe in some fun music. Service is fine. The food is kinda passable but bar food isn't my thing. The caprese sandwich was good! The drinks worked, I don't remember much to comment on. Except if you ask for a sweet cider and hear the words "champagne cider" from the bartender.... NOOOO!!!! Tastes like piss! Had some blue beachy drink, felt ridiculous - they should've put a tiny umbrella in there so I could own it!
My girlfriend and I love this place, we always end up here, and always have a great time.The food is surprisingly better than expected here.  However, the service needs to be improved.  Every single time I go and sit outside, they basically forget about you.  Food is one thing, but if the service isn't good, forget it.I'm not sure why i've gone here more than once. food is mediocre at best and the last time i went - whoa - awful service. our waitress tried to force my little brother to sit at a different table (by himself) bc he is under 21 and we all had drinks. found that REALLY bizarre and it's a good thing the fi was able to make her see how ridiculous she was acting because i wouldn't have been as nice. Oh - this was at 1pm on a Saturday. 
needless to say, def not going back.It was nice to have place to go afterhours with menu.  I was not a fan of the hot dog menu.  Main menu says regular hot dog, but they ask which one you want from the specialty menu.  
We like the atmosphere and will try it again.This placed was PACKED on a tuesday night.  My coworker and I needed a place to watch the celtics/lakers game and stumbled upon this place.  The burger was amazing.  Best part about the burger had to be the bun, it was warm and toasty but yet still soft, i don't know how that possible but they did it.  Also, apparently we came during beer week so we tried the flight of beers, which was good but not worth the price.I debated between 2 and 3, but meh describes this place better than a-ok.
We went because yelp concierge suggested it to us.
The house cocktails are good, but overpriced.
We ordered the dry rub wings which were so salty, that my tongue hurt afterwards. (stick to devil's alley for dry rub)
The avocado fries were pretty good. something to try once anyway.
The pear and brie wrap with turkey was really dry, and kind of blah. French dip was nothing spectacular either. The coleslaw, however, was really good.
Mac and cheese was good, but nothing you couldn't make at home. possibly even from the freezer section.
I'm disappointed. I hate being disappointed.A great neighborhood bar with lots of beers on tap and great food.  The odd nautical themed decor is a bit tacky/cheesy, but who cares when everything else is great.  The place is pretty spacious so I never feel cramped and the food is soo good!  I love the mac and cheese, whch you can get made to order with a pretty sizeable selection of toppings.  I also LOVE the avocado fries.  I've never had them before but they're deliciously fried , super crispy, slices of avocado.  
The staff is always friendly and the bartender was fast with drink orders.My Friends and I, stopped in here the other day to watch some World Cup action. It was my first time here and, I really enjoyed it. The Beer selection was amazing and fairly priced. The staff was on top of there game Are bartender Chris was on top of things all night and, always there to refill our beers in a timely matter and was really friendly.I really really love this place.  I was not sure what to expect AT ALL when I first went there.  Something about the name and the sailor decor - together - was slightly confusing.  It is now one of my favorite places.  The staff are really knowledgeable about  the beer list, which changes all the time, and the food is always really good.  The macaroni and cheese is ridiculous - a must try.  Burgers are also awesome.  The only thing I've tried that I didn't like was the pear & brie wrap.  They serve it cold, which was not what I expected (especially for a dinner).  It would be 100 times better if they heated it so the brie could get melty and delicious.
Anyway, a definite recommendation all around!Misconduct Tavern makes many Philadelphia lists of best spot to watch a game. I can see that...depending on where in the bar you are located in the bar
The game day vibe is great throughout the establishment, and at least during my visit, rival fans were able to stand side by side in peace. 
Some of the TVs just happen to be a little small. Like with most sports bars, it was also pretty crowded during the Eagles game. It was great that they had TV designated to non-Eagles games and had the Eagles game on the large screen and some scatter screens, but if you weren't in view of the larger TVs or right by the smaller screens, you may have well been in the nosebleeds at the Linc.
As far as beer and food the selection went beyond a typical sports bar. I was enjoying various IPAs and pumpkin drafts throughout my visit, and got to try some of my husband's Hot Capocollo Sandwich. It was a house cured pork shoulder with fresh mozzarella, onion and a type of roast pepper. It was well behind your typical pork sandwich and rather enjoyable. They also offer game day beer specials. 
Not surprisingly, the service wasn't quick during a game. It's frustrating but hard to place fault during what is probably one of the busiest times of the week. It is what it is, so come prepared to wait a little. The servers may have been busy but they weren't overwhelmed and were pleasant to interact with. 
So I was all set to give Misconduct a 3 star review based on the TV situation, but I think I'm going to have to bump them up to a 4 when you take into account the overall package and add in realistic expectations of a sports bar on game day.My friend and I went to misconduct the night of "Outfest" and Sunday Football, so we knew they would be busy, but we got a table right away. We had two waitresses, not sure why, but both very friendly. We ordered an appetizer and after a long wait the one waitress informed us that they were out of that appetizer and that she had another appetizer on its way and said as an apology she would put a round of drinks on the house! We weren't upset about the app taking long, so this was just an added bonus! Our meals ended up coming out before our app but again, no big deal. My burger was way over cooks, and thats when I realized no one ever asked me what temp i wanted it cooked at. Again, they were busy. So not a big deal. 
So over all, I give it 4 stars because the hiccup with the app and the overcooked burger, but the staff was very nice and apologetic so it all ended up fine.I was down in Philadelphia for the weekend and stayed near Rittenhouse Square.  Upon arriving, I wanted to find a pub that would have a nice low-key atmosphere, a good beer selection, and some decent grub.