Love the atmosphere, the space, the staff and the drinks. Frozen watermelon Marg is divine. Don't love the food though. The tacos are just not that great, especially for the price. The exception is the churros - but get some leche dip! I've been a few times now so obviously it's worth the patronage but the search for a real taco continues...OBSESSED with the green juice margarita -- a delicious contradiction for those health nuts at happy hour. Chili-salt rim is a must.
Lots of options/variety on the menu, including the salsas. (Coconut hazelnut was interesting...in a good way!) Ordered the lamb, mahi mahi and special pork belly tacos. We all agreed the fish tacos severely lacked flavor, and while the other two were better, we weren't blown away. (I'd give the edge to lamb.)
Decor was nice -- lots of natural light for my annoying foodie pics. A 20% tip was automatically included for our group of six, which explains why our server ignored us for loooong stretches of time even before we ordered. :-/How did I find this place ? My friend said he knew a local bowling joint, so we mistakenly went here. Whoops but the food and service did not disappoint. I went here again with another friend, better informed this time, and we got the nachos and trees leche for dessert. The price range was really good and my friend really enjoyed the "cute" decorations. The atmosphere was nice and cozy. It felt like an indoor picnic type environment.
The portions of the meals were a good portion. I can complain. The service was kind and welcoming to offer her opinion and recommendations. She really made our first time. 
Overall, this place is nice. Bring your friends, co-workers, or a date here. It can get kinda crowded during their busier hours. They usually take reservations with parties roughly six or more.Love this place! The decor is amazing and I love how airy and fresh it looks. I've been here for lunch a few times and it has been a great crowd pleaser. I never get burritos but here I make an exception. Great ingredients ratio and so well seasoned. To top it off THEY GRILL IT so the tortilla is warm and toasted. I love it so much I want to go right now. 
The tacos and corn elote are nice as well and the salsas are a great addition! I love dessert and their desserts do not disappoint get them all. As I wrote this review I made plans to go with a coworker tomorrow. The service was wonderful the staff was helpful and informed. They also put my picky eater coworkers mind at ease and were able to guide him through the menu, he ended up loving his sandwich!I love the way this restaurant looks, it's fun to be here and it's really modern and clean. There are really cool free taco temp tattoos at the hostess's desk so make sure to grab one on your way in or out.
There's a foosball table in the middle of the restaurant which is fun, and there's a bunch of places to sit, tables, the bar, booths, window seats, etc.
The nachos are a MUST get, with goat chili - who knew how amazing that would be. The tacos are ok I've had better but I've also had worse, the horchata is also hit or miss. I've been here 2 times so far and the first time the horchata was delicious and the second it was kind of gross. Not sure what's up with that.One of the best brunch places in center city. Mission is on Sansom street and is a very sos IOU's place on the 2nd floor of its building. The place is very big and bright. For brunch I had the breakfast burrito which was the best breakfast burrito I ever had. The potatoes eggs and avocado made a delicious combination. My friend and I both had margaritas that were great and strong. The prices were very reasonable and I'll be back for sureNice atmosphere and aesthetics. They have plants all around the place! A little more expensive that I would like to pay on a regular basis but good food, good service and good drinks!I recently attended the Jose Garces Foundation Benefit "Think Local Give Local" at the Lowes Hotel in Philadelphia. All of Garces restaurants participated with various food offerings and there was participation from many of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. It was a great benefit to help support immigration and immigrants that are located in Philadelphia. I was pleased that Mission Taqueria participated and they had one of the best if not the best offering of the evening. They served a ceviche that was so tangy and fresh - -- one of the best that I have had. It was a generous and well presented portion and the staff that was there representing Mission Taqueria was very friendly.  I am looking forward to going to Mission Taqueria with my husband sometime soon!I went there for lunch.  Nice, bright space.  Nice selection of drinks.  However, my chicken burrito was disappointing, a lot of rice and not much chicken.This new Mexican spot re-imagines and maximizes the space once completely under-utilized by Nodding Head.  The bar is great, tile work on and behind the bar is impressive.  Drink selection is what you would expect, other CC bars have better tequila offerings, but this is acceptable.  The little atrium in the center is awesome, took me a few minutes to realize it was open air.  
With that said, the food was so so.   I wouldn't want to sugar coat the food by any other classification.  The guac was what you would expect at a basic suburban party, no real defining flavor, and way too much citrus.  I had high expectation for the tacos, they just weren't good.  Tried the chorizo rojo, grilled skirt steak, and the mahi mahi...nothing I would go back for, mahi was by far the best, but even the flash frying was not done right.  With the right leadership in the kitchen, these could all be easily correctable, it's a shame to see such laziness accepted.
Even though the food was less than average, I'll be back, but only for drinks.Modern Mexican with a great atmosphere in Center City. Room is small but feels spacious even when packed. Food is pretty good, not amazing but does hit the spot. Service was both attentive and fast, would come again.My wife found this place word of mouth, and we Had a really fun experience here! Upstairs location. Seated immediately even though we were late for our reservation. Very understanding staff! Appreciated that.  Brunch menu was appealing, but the Steak and Eggs special was delicious. Fresh Quac was on point too. 90s hip hop/RB music was fun to listen to and creates chill vibe. 
Awesome time and looking forward to our next experience here!!Have been here multiple times and have yet to find an option for those who cannot tolerate spicy food (I know, I should change my expectations if I'm going to eat Mexican food). I mean it though, do not eat here if you cannot tolerate spice. The drinks are good but the atmosphere is very loud at night. I have been with larger parties both times and we found it difficult to hear each other. Everyone else liked their meals but did not love them.Move over El Vez, there's a new taco restaurant in town and it provides amazing watermelon margaritas with such an respectable and fun not robotic staff that clearly love their jobs.
I am a firm believer in first impressions are last impressions so to walk in with several smiling managers overlooking the staff, I knew my friends and I were in good hands. I worked in the restaurant business for five years and the main issue always were managers hiding in their office, making the staff settle out disputes or unruly customers -- not here at Mission. 
Now, onto the food, the salsa we had (Fresca) was the perfect marriage of spice and savory, as well as the fresh nachos adding a crunch! I had the mahi mahi tacos, grilled shrimp tacos; and the chicken wings makes me feel some type of way. The glaze on the chicken made me want to stop being a lady and lick the bowl clean which will eventually happen to the horror of other customers.
Tabitha, the server we had was amazing with such a warm personality! Mission did an amazing job with hiring the right people.
I'm making this the only place I get Mexican food from now on and frozen watermelon margaritas as my adult slushie.If your looking for a rustic hipster Mexican restaurant, this is your place. It had a great atmosphere and trendy decor. They also had shuffleboard for the kids to play while we waited for our table. 
The food was phenomenal. The 1st pic is 3 different types of Ceviche (Black Sea Bass, Red Snapper & Mixto Ceviche). The 3rd pic is of the short beef rib tacos. The 4th pic is of grilled mushroom tacos. And the last one is of the hot sauce!When upscale Mexican is done right! OMG, this place was amazing...I had the mixed seafood ceviche with the veal tongue tacos and the tamarind margaritas. It was so tasty. The veal tongue tacos was super impressive and very tender. The ceviche had an array of flavors, had to order chips as a side, but it was so delicious. I absolutely obsessing over this place. As a Californian, it means a lot to find a good taco. This place takes the cake!I just inhaled tacos al pastor... so good I'm pretty sure my mouth just committed an act of cultural appropriation as memories of my abuela making these in a kitchen in Cuetzalan, sweet marigolds in the air. My god, I even cried a little, the flavor so compelling, the savory piggy goodness, the delicate pineapple, and the heat the brings it altogether. 
Thank you Tabitha, for inspiring this selection. You even laughed at my terrible jokes. 
I just ordered more.Came here during the lunch hour rush and was still able to get seated right away. Everyone was very friendly, even though I was waiting for a bit before my friend arrived. I ordered the al pastor tacos and he ordered the mahi mahi. I can't eat deep fried fish for some reason, but he told me they were good and the al pastor weren't the best I've had but still good enough. I like the small side of oranges topped with spice. We also ordered the churros at the end--which were super freshly made and came with two dipping sauces. The spicy chocolate was a favorite, though I didn't taste much spice and the strawberry jalapeno one had a tad bit of kick to it but I felt like it could of had more.Tacos were decent but nothing memorable. The space is very pretty and modern, and it wasn't too packed for Saturday lunch.I got referred to mission taqueria from my friend who recently visited Philly. This taco shop totally screams modern hip aesthetics af. I luckily got to dine here during their happy hour on a Friday night and this place was packed. The happy hour wait can get pretty long so try to get here as early as possible. If the happy hour thing ain't your thing or you simply don't want to wait an hour, mission taqueria also has regular dine in tables with their normal menu. 
Their happy hour menu is small, but definitely more affordable and cheap. I tried the two tacos on the happy hour menu and got the "green" juice drink from their normal menu. First off, for EIGHT FRIGGIN DOLLARS, I expected more juice than what I got. Literally half the damn drink was just ice cubes....seriously what a mothereffing RIP OFF. NEVER ORDER THE JUICE HERE...
Now now, I understand most people order drinks during happy hour, but I was getting sick so I figured some juice with ginger should help me...Anyways, onto the food. The tacos are single tortilla and have a decent amount of meat inside. I don't know if I was sick, but I didn't really see  anything THAT amazing with their happy hour tacos. My sister also agreed, but at least they were only $2 each. 
I wish I could try their regular tacos on their regular dine in menu, but their prices are definitely NOT affordable. Cute place and good happy hour deals, but I think I'd only come back for happy hour.On our way to the Oyster House, where the wait was a half hour, we discovered Mission Taqueria, located on the second floor. The atmosphere was lively and family friendly. Our waiter RYAN was an amazing ambassador for what was to come. The tacos were a mouth watering experience. My family and i were taken aback at the quality of the dishes. Mission made our trip Philadelphia a more wonderful event.If you haven't been here yet it is definitely a must try in the 914!! Great staff, great aesthetic and such a great vibe. We had a bunch of tacos my favorite was the carnitas highly recommend. My friend had the trout and I had a bite it was phenomenal and perfectly cooked. Mission Taqueria is definitely great addition to the neighborhood.What a great space for large groups, so many long picnic style tables that fit 6+. Very well decorated, from the lighting to the greenery to the open concept kitchen. The longest foosball and shuffleboard table I have ever encountered at a restaurant/ bar. Awesome bar space in the corner that fits many on the counter. Drinks, especially, the original and different flavored margies (margaritas) are delicious. Wanted to try a frozen one but they ran out! Took a tequila shot instead with a Jarritos Pineapple Soda as chaser. They have a extensive selection of tequilas - not your typical store bought brands. Tacos are awesome, kinda towards the pricier side for 3 tacos per order but you are in the middle of Center City at a pretty nice/ classier Mexican restaurant. However, the creativeness and flavorfulness of the tacos makes up for that. The ceviche selection was decent and unique, very bright and refreshing flavors. If you're adventurous, definitely try the braised goat tacos. Come for Happy Hour (5-7pm) for $3 taco, cheaper wings, sope and margaritas.The best spot in the city for happy hour! Love to bring my friends there who are visiting and the margaritas are amazing! I highly recommend this place. P.S. Don't leave without ordering guac!!!Sat at the bar for some Sunday funday shenanigans. Guacamole was tasty and the guava margarita was perfect. Service was great as well. Our bar tender did forget one of our drinks but no biggie, we are all human. Only reason I am giving a four is that there was no music. I felt music would have livened up the place a bit. Definitely going back to try the full menu.This place is delicious! From the tacos, chips & salsa, and the drinks, you can't go wrong.The one great thing about Mission is the decor. It's so so cute! But the food was honestly just ok... it definitely wasn't the best Mexican food I've had. I had the guac as an app, and it was very typical guac. It didn't really have anything special about it. I also ordered a horchata, which was really quite good! Very cinnamon-y though, so as long as you like cinnamon I'd suggest it. 
What bothers me the most is that they don't let you mix and match tacos. I think it'd be just that much better of an experience if you could mix and match tacos. I ordered the fried fish tacos and they were ok, too. I would have preferred non fried fish tacos I think, but ideally I wanted to try several types of tacos in one dish.The food was really good, albeit expensive. Guacamole was 12 dollars for a bowl and chips so I'm giving it 4 stars due to price and the service wasn't the best. 
That being said the atmosphere was amazing and the food was good as hell. They have fun drinks and stuff and there was a shuffle board table! Would go again.It makes me happy every time I go here,  Staff is always very nice,  My faves are the guava marg with spicy rim, torta, nachos, fish taco, shrimp taco.  My new go to lunch spot in the city.This review is based off of the atmosphere, service, and drinks. We have not eaten at the Mission but will return for lunch or dinner! The drinks were amazing- some are made spicy (so good) and a great bang for your buck. The bartenders were in good spirits and waiting for drinks at the bar did not take longer than expected. We played foosball at a table for up to 8 players which was awesome. The bright lighting also made the atmosphere a great place to enjoy with friends.
Edit: As of January 7, I have eaten lunch at Mission Taqueria.  While the atmosphere is still awesome, I'm not impressed by the flavors of the food.  Will definitely go back with a group of friends for drinks, but I'd rather go to a better taqueria for my tacos.Great selection of different mexican food.  Drinks are heavy on the tequila side (margaritas, etc,) but what else would you expect from a Mexican restaurant.  They do have a nice variety of beers.  Enjoyed my visit, and liked the portion size and the decor.  They had a lot of renovation work to do, as the Nodding Head (former occupant) left a lot to be desired on the design side.Been wanting to eat here since its open a couple months ago and it definitely didn't disappoint. And with the new upscale casual trend on the rise, this place is doing a splendid job leading the pack. 
The ambience is sublime--light wood, plants hanging overhead, mixed picnic benches with table seating, punches of color splashed here and there, and an adorable inner courtyard with plants and pumpkins. The whole place feels airy, clean, and contemporary. And there's a 6 person foosball table in the middle, a nice touch! Service was exceptional! Everyone was quick to help--quick seating, glasses always filled, and sweeping clean up. We let our waiter Ryan know that we had a show to catch at 8p and he did an excellent job of being both attentive and speedy! If we had more time we would've loved to have done the tasting menu which was only $25/person--a steal in the world of tasting menus! The food was tasty and appropriately priced. The bowl of chips and guacamole was very generous and our tacos (grilled steak and goat) were scrumptious. Best thing ever though was the dessert--coconut Tres leches. It was flavorful, fluffy, creamy with freshly cut up mango and pineapple. Don't take my word for it, just order it! Definitely looking forward to frequenting this place in the future.Solid happy hour with drinks and snacks. Friendly staff to take care of you. All around solid!This place is great! The atmosphere was awesome. I came for brunch at noon on a Saturday with a group of friends. The restaurant was fairly empty but stared to fill up around 1pm. They have shuffle board and foozeball which I love. Food was solid and service was quick. A few of my friends got he breakfast burrito, I got the huevos rancheros, but the dasyuno torta was definitely the fan favorite. Get the TORTA. We each sampled, and it was delicious. Definitely will be back again (for the TORTA).Cute place! It's on the second floor of a building so it can be easily missed from the street. There are plenty of tables in an open feel. The decorations are cute and trendy. It does get very crowded! 
They have a great happy hour! 5-7 I believe. $6 wine, sangria, and margaritas. $3 Coronas. They also have $2 tacos and some other snacks. You must have a seat to order food at the bar which was a little disappointing because there aren't many seats and most people are just standing around. They don't offer happy hour special at most tables either, we waited over an our to get a table with the specials and ending up getting a chair at the bar before so we just ordered there. 
The chicken tacos were very spicy! The carnitas were my favorite, milder. The chips and queso were delicious as well. Overall the food is great, just get there early if you want happy hour specials!Good food with cool ambience. Fun place to hang with friends. Only downside was with pricing-- I ordered one salsa assuming it would be $3 (normally 3 salsas for $9), but was charged $6. Small downside, but would have liked to know pricing upfront. Otherwise a good experience!The space is absolutely beautiful, sunlit, and fun. The service was fine, and the food was pretty decent. Not the best Mexican food I've had in Philly, but solid. It was a little overpriced ($5 for an horchata?!), and the waiter said chilaquilles instead of chilaquiles which makes me think he (and the restaurant) wass trying too hard to make it "authentic".Such a fun atmosphere! I loved the margaritas!!! I will have to go back to try more things. So far the tacos and guacamole were fantastic.The best part of this place is the decor. I went on a rainy day and it's still sunny, bright, and cheerful. This is a great place to take someone in from out of town. I got a burrito (they made one with shrimp for me even though it's not technically on the menu) and it was yummy, but not out of this world. I will definitely be back for happy hour and apps.I had the Mahi Mahi tacos with a house margarita. Great flavor combination. I was disappointed by the lack of chips and salsa as part of the meal. While I understand the concept of premium salsa, make that a premium option and provide a house salsa and chips complimentary with the meal. 
The soft serve ice cream with spicy peanuts and chocolate pearls is a real treat! A nice finish.Really cool venue with unique layout. Love the extra long foozball table!
Food is overpriced, even at happy hour. I guess because it's by rittenhouse? 
We ordered margs (average) and chips & salsa (way overpriced) that was really tasty. Their house made hot sauce, though, stole the show. It's phenomenal and I think I ate half the bottle. 
For the salsas we got the chunky tomato (fresh), tomatillo (addictive) & some deep red spicy salsa (different in a good way). 
We went around 6pm and it was empty but it filled up really quickly. A lot of space for large groups.Mission accepted. This place is off the CHAIN good. On an early Saturday morning, our group of three sat down for some brunch. The place was empty, but thy wasn't going to stop us from chowing down to some Mexican brunch food! The interior was crazy cool and the bench style seating was very comfortable. 
What we got:
-Ice coffee, mimosas (8$). The adult beverages were a tab bit pricey, but worth it to get a little hair of the dog. 
-Breakfast burrito, huevos rancheros, and I ordered the breakfast tacos (bacon, egg, crispy potato strings, and a side of sweet potatoes)
The waiter was quick, kind and was very helpful! Can't recall his name...tall guy is all I got. We'll be back for some more delicious brunch when we visit the city again! 
OfSmall selection for happy hour but it is good - the margaritas are some of the best in town!  Also, very cool vibe - you can hardly believe it is the same space if you'd ever been to the brewery that was here before they came in.Came here with a rather large party for a birthday. Started with chips and Salsa. Tortilla chips were the salty/crispy ones that go great with the chunky guac. We all got different tacos and split them up, my favorite of which was the Mahi tacos. After the dinner was over they gave us churros for the birthday girl, which were good. Little pricey with smaller portions, but typical for a place in the area. 
Atmosphere was cool, picnic-style benches with good music and they adjusted the lighting for us. I would for sure go back!I tried Mission Taqueria for lunch today and was pretty impressed. The restaurant is really bright and open with neat decor. The menu has a good variety of items including different kinds of tacos, burritos and salads as well as cool appetizers. My friend had the steak burrito and I had the chicken. Both were really good and the ingredients tasted really fresh. If you aren't really hungry and go with a friend, you could probably split an appetizer and a burrito. The drink menu looked awesome, making me sad to have to go back to work... I really hope I can go back soon for happy hour!Definitely pricey for what you're actually getting but honestly, I'd do it again (and again). Food is very good and aesthetically pleasing and comes out quickly and the drinks served are very very good. Probably the place in Philly with a vibe most like "New York dining" that I've found.  I'm definitely a fan of this place. 
I went when it was very new (like just opened new) so I can't speak to wait times but I am SO glad to see they're doing well. I highly recommend.Love the layout and general atmosphere at Mission Taqueria. Its second floor location gives it a hidden gem feel in Philly. The nachos are my favorite thing on the menu - definitely get them to share as they're legitimately huge.This is my third visit (I forgot to "check-in" once), and I still love it here! We came on a Friday night (where every other restaurant imaginable had a 1+ hour wait). It was busy, and the hostess told us 20 minutes. Coincidentally, three seats at the bar opened up as we chilled by the foosball tables. The hostess asked if we would like to sit there to get served immediately (we're not impatient, but why not?), so we did.
We ordered the lengua (veal tongue), Pork al Pastor, and Cabrito Suadero (goat) to share.
See my previous review for the rundown on the al Pastor and Mahi Mahi. Warning: the al Pastor are a lot spicier than I remember from the first time.
The Lengua (veal tongue, onion ash, braised cabbage, mustard seed mayo) were amazing! They're four dollars cheaper than the skirt steak (I had on my previous visit), and arguably better because the meat is more tender. Now, I know what you're thinking. "I don't want to eat a tongue taco!" but it doesn't look or taste weird. It looks like, and tastes like, a thick cut steak. I'm definitely going to get these probably every time I visit.
The Cabrito Suadero (braised goat, feta, black currants) were good, but not mind-blowing (like the tongue). I've never had goat before, but these tasted like some sort of shredded beef in a beef gravy. I'm glad I tried them, but I probably won't get them again.
The other two of the people I was with each had the El Diablo (reposado, cassis, ginger, lime, soda), and I had both the Tamarind Margarita and the La Rosita (reposado, campari, sweet vermouth). They loved the El Diablo, and I loved the La Rosita. The tamarind margarita was too bitter for me (I assumed it would taste similar to Lolita's Tamarind Sour, which is very sweet, but it didn't). My only problem is their whiskey is only for show.
The guacamole here is incredible. It's thick and has huge avocado chunks. One of the waiters even showed up at the exact moment we ran out of chips with a new bowl. Also, because we were at the bar, we always had at least two bartenders constantly checking on us and refilling our waters. It was great, and I think you get better service than when you sit at a table.
We had the churros for dessert (one order conveniently comes with three, and there were three of us). What a way to top of the meal. They're phenomenal. They come with some sort of "brown butter pear" dip that, although I don't like pears, was amazing. 
The food took unreasonably long to come out, but we didn't mind because we were chilling and drinking. The bartender (our "waiter" for the evening) told us they ran out of tortillas and had to make new ones. He even comped the ~$60 worth of alcohol for our "inconvenience!" We tried to turn down this offer because we weren't inconvenienced (we didn't even complain), but he insisted. I respect that. A lot of other places wouldn't do that unless you complained.The atmosphere is so cool, open, and bright! But the food is not that great. I love my food to have flavor and this restaurant lacked in that department. But the drinks were delicious! Try for yourself ?Came for drinks, stayed for dinner. What started out as a quick meet with friends for a drink after work, turned into a Tuesday evening meal that will definitely result in many return visits in the future.
A beautifully designed restaurant with beautiful, delicious food to match. Started with the yellow fin ceviche - a little hint of spice that was balanced perfectly with watermelon and tomato. Goat chili nachos that were so well done - I always find myself ordering nachos and being disappointed, not this time. It looked like a work of art, individual attention to each delicious chip, perfection!
The gulf shrimp and the mahi mahi tacos were fantastic. Three tacos per meal were the right size and right price. Very flavorful, you can tell this chef is on top of his game.
From start to finish, awesome. Well executed service would make you think this restaurant has been up and running for years when in fact it is the new kid on the block. Welcome, we're glad your here.If you remember this place in its former incarnation, it's a hoot to visit, just to see what they've done with it. I found it short on vegetarian options, but what they offer is excellent. If you like Margaritas, you'll probably be very happy, but if you don't like them, there are excellent beer and wine choices, too. It has a tendency to really fill up, and it can then be loud when it's crowded. I'd focus on getting in early, when the vibe is a bit more relaxed. But if you want a higher energy level, you know what to do!Fried Mahi Mahi tacos. Save some dough and buy some Mrs. Pauls fish sticks and slice your own avacado and radish. The quacamole is goid thoughGreat spot for some Tacos in Philly. I absolutely love the Chips and Salsa to start off with. They have ample of salsas​ to choose from and they are all delicious. I tried the mahi mahi, the steak and the pork Al pastor tacos. All were great. The pork ones were a bit spicy but delicious. The Mahi mahi was perfectly fried and the steak was amazing, this was the first place I've seen medium cooked steak slices in a taco but it worked really well. I did feel like although the food was great, I paid a but much for tacos. Don't get me wrong this place is really good and service is excellent but I've had some amazing tacos at a whole in the wall for a quarter of what dinner cost me there.So much to say! So many good things.
First things first, I posted a question this afternoon about happy hour and the owner responded very promptly! I was so excited I headed over right after work.
The happy hour is amazing! $6 house margaritas. They are delicious. My friend and I also got chips and guacamole...duh! And I got 2 chicken tacos ($2 each!!!!!!) and my friend got a veggie sopa! Holy shit I'm so impressed. So cheap and so delicious. We got three margs each and were feeling a little tipsy! 
The friggin aesthetic is also legit as hell!!! It's so chic and hip. If I didn't have an interview tomorrow to prep for, I would still be there right now. This is 100% my new spot. This is also the BEST deal I've found in the city for a Mexican HH! 
Next time I'm definitely getting the fish tacos and nachos. They seriously looked dope. I will be back here FOR SURE!Lively ambiance and really good margaritas. 
The food options for vegetarians are limited. The mushroom tacos (only veggie option) was forgettable. The guac, enchiladas were better.So I'm born and raised Californian and we came here for a drink and snacks. The food is genuine Mexican and the Horchata is Phenomenal!!! The bartender and hostess were friendly and helpful! Definitely my new spot for genuine carnitas. Good job guys!The picture looked better than how the food actually tasted. The restaurant its self is very cute but the food isn't so great.I really loved this spot. Great shrimp tacos and margaritas. Lovely decor. If I didn't have to go back to work I would have spent all day here.Ok so right off the bat the renovations on this space are truly amazing. It is a large modern space with plenty of natural light. Numerous tables and a large bar. Here's where it goes a little south for me ( no pun intended) as I have been to various regions of Mexico many, many times the food and atmosphere are beyond inauthentic. The tacos arn't bad but nothing special. The juices are not fresh either. Pretty disappointing and the price points are a little high.Following a morning of walking the streets during this year's Philly Free Streets event, we stopped here for drinks and snacks. The margaritas were excellent, and the empanadas and churros were nothing short of amazing. My two cents: Two thumbs up!The service is great! The food was good, but my tacos and nachos were a little burnt. I got the guava margarita which was delicious. For those that like spicy, get it with chili.Huge fan of their lunch deal. Don't be deceived as the food is fairly filling. Lunch deal comes with 1 order of tacos (3), soup, and a drink. Definitely worth since the price of the tacos itself are somewhat high. Nice ambiance, bright lights. Tacos tasted great, shrimp one was my favorite.I went here for happy hour on Friday.  Arrived at 5:30 and was seated right away, no wait.  Note: they will not seat you unless your whole party is there.  The happy hour drinks were great but the spicy margarita was the true standout.  We also ate a plate of nachos, delicious.  Service was a little slow but it was a busy Friday night, so understandable.  The decor is adorable; bright, fun, and festive.
UPDATE: Came here for dinner and the food was wonderful.  We started with a plate of nachos to share and then shared the fried mahi mahi tacos and beef short rib tacos.  The service was fast and friendly.  I still think it is silly that (1) they don't take reservations; and (2) they wont seat you until your whole party is there.3.5 To keep it short, I liked the way the restaraunt looked, the food was pretty good, too. I tried the short rib and fried mahi mahi tacos (my favorite part of the visit) and nachos. Service was meh at best and the prices were a little more than I felt they should be for what we got.Corn side is to die for. Great guacamole and salsa. Some of the tacos are spicy but they are all really great. Cool atmosphere.I loved this old space when it was Nodding Head Brewery, but it is now infinitely better! They completely revamped the space to be bright, beautiful and fresh. I can say the same about the menu and flavors. I enjoyed my meal here of fish tacos and empanadas. My only complaint is the pricing - it seems a bit high, and the portions aren't huge. Also, the happy hour isn't much of a deal. Hopefully they will play around with their pricing and portions until they hit the right balance - for me, it's too expensive to make it a regular lunch.The wait on Saturday was pretty long but it was nothing compared to some of the other restaurants along the road. The wait at the bar was pleasant and the bartenders were nice. I highly recommend the Habanero Margarita. 
My friends and I ordered tacos, which were pretty awesome! Of the three we had (shrimp, albacore, and Mahi-Mahi), the Albacore and Mahi-Mahi were my favorites. Prior to the tacos, we ordered the nachos...there was a lot going on with the nachos and every bite was appreciated.
For dessert, we had the Tres Leches and the churros. Both were delicious. The Tres Leches in particular was great! 
I can't wait to go back and try happy hour!Great food, nice young ambiance. Great place to meet for a casual date or grab dinner with friends. Expect nice open loft-like space, young patrons, delicious tacos, and a must-get guac. They even have a fuse ball table to entertain your group of friends, and ability to rent out a few tables at a time for corporate social events.I have been there twice in last two weeks and both times the food was delicious. The guacamole is very good. Had the chicken torta which was great - it's large so you may want to share. Last time I tried the skirt steak tacos and they were equally as tasty. The space is bright - nice renovation to the former space. Looking forward to returning.I have to preface by saying that I didn't exhaust the menu during my visit, and I'm not local so I'm not entirely sure that I will have the opportunity to do so in the future.
I started the meal with the guava margarita which was great. Rim was salted well and it tasted really good. Not like a store bought guava juice that you may get elsewhere.
As I was dining by myself I skipped the apps and went straight for the taco plates. I got the Beef Short Rib tacos which were very small; even for street tacos. The meat was good, avocado/jalapeno sauce was also good. However, they were horrendously greasy. You really have to expect more at $5/taco. I left hungry as any other item on the menu is $9-$10 and I wasn't ready to spend $50+ on an average meal for 1.
At more authentic taquerias you could certainly expect nearly the same quality of flavor. I think this place can charge what it does based on how incredibly trendy it is. It's definitely a nice inside space, but my tacos were lacking.
I give it three stars because the food was "meh", but the margarita was great and the vibe was good.Delicious food and drinks. Great service. Fresh ambiance. Awesome manager Lindsey!  Worth the drive from D.C.!walked by this place and caught my attention. I went there with a friend for brunch and I was very pleased with their service.Such a cute place!! Great lunch spot. Very open and airy. I feel very on trend in a casual way when I eat here. The express lunch is such a great deal, and so filling. Tortilla soup, short rib tacos, & hibiscus Fresca are my go-to pairings, but the torta is also a worthy opponent not included in the express lunch deal.Love this place. Hipster trendy vibe. Excellent tacos and lamb plate. They have my favorite beer - numero uno by flying fish brewer. Huge foosball and shuffleboard. Definitely a place to hangout all day and drink with your friends.So far I have been to mission for happy hour, dinner, lunch (weekday) and brunch (weekend). 
Happy hour
Always fun, can get a little crowded but there is still plenty of seating. The margs are delicious and they generally have pretty awesome food specials as well. The wings are always good and I recommend trying thier salsa for sure
Dinner/brunch/lunch
Service was great. The food was also good, got the nachos. The only downside is that the tables are oddly low to the ground and don't really offer much space below if you happen to be tall. (I was unable to sit come comfortably with my leg crossed as my knees would bang into the table) I have tried most of the tacos and they are pretty standard.
Would definitely recommend you check this place out.Mission is a great place if you're looking for good vibes, trendy ambiance, and great margaritas. I bring friends here all the time and everyone is always pleasantly surprised by how chic and cool it is. It's on the second story so it can be harder to find but that makes it more fun. Its in a great location to start drinking here (while you casually play bar games and meet new people at the bar and picnic style tables) and then move on to other nearby bars like ladder 15 etc. I can't wait to come back and try the brunch!This is the great stuff.  Excellent place - open, light and comfy. Service quick and really friendly  
Asked waitress for chips and her choice of three salsas. Do it!!   All three were great!  
Short rib tacos literally the best I've ever had.   Tasty and delicious.  You never want to stop eating them. 
We sat right in front of the kitchen counter and talked to the woman as she hand-rolled and pressed every corn tortilla.  A waiter came over and gave us a complimentary pork taco -- fantastic!!!!   What flavors.  
The wood-fire grilled meat make the flavors pop!  Service excellent.  Staff all friendly and accommodating.  Outstanding place.  I'll be back.This place rocks. Trendy little taco spot on the second floor with an eclectic Margarita menu($6 at happy hour!) including a 'green juice' Margarita - vitamins and tequila um YES. Have tried the Mushroom, Steak and Mahi tacos, would definitely recommend all three. The gaucamole is delicious with the perfect kick of lime and the nachos are a plate full of cheesy beany beefy deliciousness. The only item I would not recommend would be the quesadillas, not sure if it was just mine but it tasted like the beans were burnt and very salty.I stopped at Mission Taqueria last night for my first time and really loved it! I came with two friends around 9 pm and we were able to sit at the bar right away. Upon entering, the space is very hip with some dark mood lighting.
For drinks, I went with the Paloma (which left a smoky aftertaste) and the Naughty Woman which I preferred a little more. Since it was later on in the evening, we only ordered chips and salsa but I have to say, the chips were delicious! Not too salty which I really liked. 
This is a great place to go for a casual date night!I came here with 4 friends on a friday night for dinner. Since we were having dinner, we elected to sit at a table rather than jockey for position at an incredibly crowded bar.  When we asked for the happy hour specials, our server told us that we could not order from that menu because we were seated for dinner. We all though it was an odd policy that penalizes dinners (who will on average spend much more money than the drinks-only happy hour crowd). Other than that, I adore this place. Drinks and tacos are fantastic!Hurry up and eat here before this place gets insanely busy popular! Went here last night for my husband's birthday and wow were our expectations blown out of the water. The aesthetic is incredible and you immediately feel special walking into such a hip/chic environment. The drinks were stellar and very affordable! Got the watermelon cucumber chile marg, might be the best cocktail I've had in years! The food was astounding as well. I find that I'm usually disappointed when it comes to tacos at non-hole in the wall places as they're usually soggy and lack in flavor. However all three types we ordered were amazing!! We got chorizo, steak and mahi mahi, all so good can't choose a favorite. The ceviche, empanadas and nachos were also delicious! Lastly the service was top-notch, thanks Sean!! Definitely will be coming back soon as a predict this center city gem will soon be a philly favorite :)This place is a great trendy happy hour spot! I loved the happy hour sangria. The vegetable Sopes are delicious as is the queso gringo. Very reasonably priced! It's conveniently located in the heart of center city and if you arrive by 5:30pm, the seating is very efficient. The interior is very trendy and the staff is friendly. I would recommend this place for happy hour, a date, or dinner with friends!First thing I do when visiting a city or getting to know a city is finding that good margarita so we'll have a spot or two for happy hour. This is one of them and so far I've only found another one that has great organic simple margaritas.  Non of that fake syrup or too sour etc. Just straight to the point and the ambiance is dope too.  Plenty of room.We are here far too often but their happy hour deal is too good to stay away! $2 tacos and they're incredible tacos too! We get the carnitas every time with chips and guac. That carnitas are so amazing. The meat melts in your mouth and the salsa they put on top is so unique and delicious. It's usually pretty packed every time we're there but it's worse later on in the week. Tip is to show up closer to 5 PM to get a seat sooner! Margaritas are solid as well. I can't say anything more than we're usually here at least once every two weeks if not once a week. One our absolute favorites !The food is always good. The service is always phenomenal. 
They only offer $3 Corona (4.5%) as the beer for happy hour (at least as long as I've been coming here). I'd really like to see them change it up a bit (but that's only because I have a recent fascination with microbrews). I paid full price for their other beers (which they change often) during happy hour just because I wanted to try something new AND I FREAKING LOVE THEIR BARTENDERS. Even if the food wasn't as good as it is (and believe me, it is), I'd come just for them.
They do offer $2 carnitas (pulled pork) tacos during happy hour that are great, so you can get 6 for even cheaper than 3 of their regular menu items. I think I will only keep coming back for those. 
I've had most of their regular tacos, though, and I can say they're all really good if you don't mind paying a lot more for 3 small tacos, or if you only get them once (I think I've been here too many times). I'm an average sized man, and sometimes one taco is only two bites (3-4 smaller bites). 
The Mahi Mahi tacos are probably the best. Not only are they one of the only tacos that aren't spicy, but they have the most flavor to them. In a lot of the spicy tacos, the flavor of the meat is overpowered by the spicy seasonings or sauce (guajillo glaze on the all pastor). 
I haven't had the grilled shrimp in a long time, but I think I remember this being some of the best shrimp I've ever had (bless their fishy sister restaurant downstairs). It's soft and not overcooked as I've experienced at a lot of other restaurants. 
The grilled skirt steak tacos are hit or miss. The first time, they were delicious, but the second time, they were tough and unseasoned (the same with the veal tongue). 
The pork al pastor are too spicy. You can't really taste the meat, only the guajillo glaze. 
The mushroom tacos were great the first time, but very underwhelming and dry the second. 
I had the softshell crab tacos during my most recent visit. They were very good, but I found the shape of the fried crab in the tacos was actually terrible to put in a taco. It was hard to eat, and a lot of the meat fell out. 
I think I can honestly say they have the best guacamole I've had in a 6 block radius. 
The churros are great. You get three large pieces for $7. The dips are great, too. 
The food I guess always amazes me the first time I get it, but if I come back and get the same dish, it's not amazing, just good. I don't think I'll come here all the time to eat everything off the menu. 
I'm definitely going to come back for the $2 carnitas (6 for $12) tacos during happy hour, though, but that's probably it.Delicious food the 3 tacos al pastor were amazing and our waiter was very nice. The crowd was loud and you hardly here our friends unless we screamed too. But I would definitely go back and bring friends.While I didn't eat any food or have any drinks I did have a great time here at an office happy hour. The shuffleboard is really fun, the decor is great and the service is wonderful. It's definitely a solidly hipster and basic white girl hang-out but above all the staff is really good at handling fire. One coworker accidentally set a napkin on fire and the staff responded immediately and very professionally.Fun place and they did a great job with the upstairs space. Great cocktails and authentic Mexican fare. Mostly communal dining at picnic tables. Already very busy and popular.Definitely recommend this casual, hip place for happy hour with friends over great food and cocktails. Happy hour specials are available at the bar and picnic tables, as well as some of the benches with cushions by the windows. 
Caught the weekday happy hour at 6:30pm and had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated; the place was crowded and very loud. During the wait, my friend and I tried the house margarita and watermelon sangria-both were simple and strong. We ordered nachos off the normal menu and tried the chicken and carnitas tacos and chicken wings from the happy hour menu. There was about a 10-minute wait for the food to arrive. The chicken taco and wings packed a bit of heat but were flavorful. The nachos got messier as my friend and I picked off the chips that weren't completely covered in melted cheese, beans, and chorizo. The waitress brought out more napkins over the course of our meal, but I wish she also provided us with some utensils so that we could swipe up the leftover toppings! 
I also made it to the weekend happy hour, which has a different set of specials than the weekday one. On a Saturday around 4:45pm, the restaurant atmosphere was quieter though not empty. I ordered the chips with guacamole to split with my firend and also had a tijuana dog. The chips and guac came immediately. The guac was thick with avocados that had just ripened and had a kick from jalapeños. The tijuana dog had a lot of toppings but wasn't super filling. 
Will be back to try dinner sometime-I hear their ceviche is delicious!What started off within the first 20 minutes of dining as a solid 4 star rating (possibly 5 star) downgraded quickly as we ate our main entree and I'm disappointed that I can only give Mission Taqueria 3 stars.
The ambiance was just what I was looking for when we came up the steps: open, airy, modern.  I loved the whitewashed brick and wood with all of the greenery.  It didn't scream Mexican food, but I figured if the food was good, it didn't need to.  I ordered the house margie and my husband ordered the Bad Hombre (rum drink).  Both were good.  Flavorful and strong, just what I wanted.
After realizing that Mission Taqueria did not provide complimentary chips/salsa with your meal (not cool), we ordered the nachos.  The Yelp pics looked crazy so we figured we'd stray away from the usual guac and order something different. They were really good, some of the best and spiciest nachos I've ever had.  I loved the heirloom cherry tomatoes.  You did have to eat it pretty quickly because the cheese hardened fast and then you were basically cutting your nachos with a knife.  The sauce and flavor was right on point and we scarfed it down.
From there, things went a bit downhill so to speak.  My husband inquired to our server (who was super friendly) about the chicken tacos.  She said that they were VERY spicy and she usually has to warn patrons about how spicy it is because some people cannot handle that much heat.  The come drenched in house-made mole sauce, which my husband was curious to try because he's only ever had store-made mole.  It was the complete opposite.  No spice and very bland.  He had to keep putting hot sauce on it just to get some kind of flavor going.  
My skirt steak tacos were a whole other issue.  Very flavorful with just the right amount of heat.  However, they gave my jaw a thorough workout.  At one point into my first taco, I gave up eating it like a taco and just ate the pieces of steak with a fork.  They were thick and chewy slices that pulled completely out of the taco.
We loved our drinks and appetizer, but were really disappointed in our tacos.  Especially because they were definitely among the most expensive tacos we've ever eaten.  If we do come back to Mission Taqueria perhaps it'll be for happy hour when we can enjoy delicious drinks and try a variety of tacos for a price we can actually swallow.I really like the layout of this place, it's pretty cool & hip. The drinks are amazing! We kinda dipped in during the NFL draft week and there was a nice crowd. We weren't really hungry so we'd just gotten something lite. I had the grilled shrimp tacos which were delicious. My friend had the braised lamb which really didn't taste like anything (to either of us). We shared a small bowl of corn which was pretty tasty. I wouldn't mind trying them out again for happy hour, it seems like it can get lively up there.Overpriced and trendy, but I hate to admit it..some of the food here is just absolutely delicious and addictive. Our quesadillas and tacos were just perfect, and I'm glad that they used corn as opposed to flour tortillas. The outer tortillas were perfectly crisp, and the fillings were packed with flavor and freshness. We finished off with a tres leches cake, which I could have ordered many times over since it was so good. What keeps me from coming here more often is simply the prices - just too much given all the good cheap Mexican food you can find in other neighborhoods.Got the empanadas as an appetizer which were great. Got the spicy shrimp tacos and steak tacos which were amazing. Ambiance of the place was pretty cool. Definitely would go back for dinner and drinks.I was expecting to love this place based on what I had heard and read but found my experience just ok.  Some of their options are unique and interesting but I wasn't blown away by anything I tasted.
The space is informal and is good for groups. 
I would probably try it again if looking for a casual spot or if someone else wanted to go.Food was surprisingly really good and tasty! I have a high standard when it comes to Mexican food, and Mission Taqueria was actually pretty decent compared to other places I've been in the city! I got mahi mahi tacos and my boyfriend got the shrimp tacos. They were both really good! Also, I was really craving a beergarita (apparently this is a Texas concoction?) and our server was nice enough to make that somehow happen for us even though it wasn't on their menu! They don't take reso's so the crowd is definitely a hit or miss; been there before for HH with barely two inches of space to stand, but thankfully my boyfriend and I got seated right away when we went this time around. Not bad, overall!While waiting for our table at Oyster House, the hostess recommended we try a drink upstairs at Mission.  We had such a great time playing foosball during our short time at Mission.
You'd never believe this space used to be Nodding Head!  It's playful and light and open.  We were so impressed we had to come back to check out the food.
We started with yummy chips and trio of salsas.  We both had (I had the skirt steak and he had mole chicken).  My steak was tender and flavorful.  We enjoyed the house margs (one with dinner, one for dessert). 
We had great service and everyone was so friendly at both the bar and dinner service.  Can't wait to go back!Fun decor/ambience- can they come also design my house???
Came for Friday lunch while exploring Philly. We sat at the bar as we like to do and was fun to watch the bartenders skillfully shaking and pouring as the work lunch rush built up.
We got the Oaxaca combo (? Is that what it was called?), which is a great deal for 3 tacos, an agua fresca (horchata was yummy), and a soup (gazpacho was delicious and refreshing with watermelon and tomato and a creamy texture).  Mahi mahi tacos were solid, although I would have preferred less mayo but hubby had no complaints.
Ceviche-- great combo of flavors, looooove the mussels in there. Salty, so eat with chips.
Also got the 3 salsa combo: hazelnut, borracho, and Verde crudo-- all delicious, borracho was my fave if I had to pick. The hazelnut is unique. We had plenty of salsa left over so asked for it to go-- they even refilled the chips in our to go bag.
Note that you have to get 3 tacos that are exactly the same with your order, no mixing and matching, which I'm not accustomed to. Yummy anyway.I cam to mission on Feb 3rd after the car show with a group of 8 people.  Our food and drinks were actually pretty tasty however our server was absolutely horrible. She never checked on our table, never refilled our water or soda and when the bill cam refused to help us split the bill. The saving grace was we notified the manager (Lindsey) who was very kind and worked with us to sort everything out. He apologized for the horrible service and helped us get the checks together. Lindsey saved the night and will be the reason I'll come back to MissionAnother northeast Mexican wanna be flop! For drinks yea no problem. I mean foods ok, but I consider all east coast Mexican food fusion style, because all the Mexicans that make the food come from regions not known for their authentic dishes. The Mexicans in the easy coast make very corn based foods (connected with People from Puebla). I know agriculture has a lot to do with it, but so does culture period. There is no Californio (an Mexican culture only found in California) people in the northeast. These Californios and Jalisciense created what most know as tacos, burritos, chimichangas, etc. Without those groups and without the type of agriculture that can only be found in California (an abundance of REAL farm table all YEAR), it is literally impossible to duplicate that style of Mexican food. I'm open to any debate.One of the best tacos in Philly. Very cool spot in a good location. Had the fish tacos which were lightly fried to perfection. Hot sauce in the little bear was delicious.  Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menuBrendan is the best!!! I wish you still had nachos after 4:30-- it's hands down the best thing on your menu, really sad that i can't get them at happy hour anymore! But anyways, Ask for a Brendan at the bar, I've been coming to Mission for a few years, and have always had a very pleasant experience with him-- he even remembered me after not coming for a few months due to a new job. #teambrendanWork dinner here this week and what a nice surprise. An upstairs restaurant with a comfortable ambience and delicious food. Tried a pineapple cider which was interesting. The food - yum, yum, yum! We had the nachos and I wanted to eat them all! They offer a variety of salsas to try and all were flavorful. I was on a veggie kick and ordered the mushroom, squash, fresno peppers, and cotija cheese tacos - delicious! Great flavor. Didn't have room for dessert but will be back for the churros.Sat at the bar for a late and light dinner. Bartender was great -- friendly, spoke well to the menu, and steered us toward the black bass ceviche, which has blueberries and tastes incredible. 
We also ordered the tuna ceviche but I found it to be too tart. (Or maybe it was just a bad mix eating the two ceviches at once.)Great vibes and great food. Have been here multiple times for both lunch and happy hour. Really enjoy their tacos. Pretty sure I've worked my way through their whole menu. At happy hour, the carnitas tacos and vegetable sopes were the stand out.Located on the second floor above Oyster House, Mission Taqueria is a spacious airy and modern place that makes it a great place to unwind and hang out with company. I came here for a quick HH with a friend. It was a Friday evening so the place was rather crowded and loud (but in a good way - I could still hear my friend through it all). The server was very friendly and helpful in a non-imposing way, which is always appreciated.
The only reason why I'd take off stars from my ratings, specifically for my HH experience, is because of the food. I loved the vibe, loved the space, loved the location, but the options for happy hours are pretty limited: four drinks and five snacks. My friend and I got some tacos (chicken and carnitas), a corona draft, and wine. The tacos, while tasty and definitely flavorful, seemed to be on the slightly smaller side compared to other places I've been in the area and didn't exactly stand out.
I would probably come here again just for the vibe - to chill and unwind and for me, that's the most I expect out of happy hours anyways. I just don't know if I have incentive to try something on the regular menu.Great atmosphere, very friendly waiters/waitresses and delicious food! The red Apple sangria was so good; tacos, salsa, and guacamole amazing, and the churros were delicious!!Mission was a go to spot for me on Sansom street! The food is well priced, the drinks are strong, and the long operating hours are excellent for the range of people frequenting Sansom. The morning crowd will be pleased with their bloody maria and breakfast tacos as well as the regular lunch crowd seeking a refuge from the office. Grab some tacos and enjoy fooseball while sipping a midday drink (if your company allows it). Their guacamole is a little pricey but otherwise, I really didn't have any complaints about the place. The service is great and the benches are wide enough to feel like a substantive table.
I would come in frequently after hapy hour for a snack and beginning of my nights out. I highly recommend even if just for chips and a quick beer. The a/c is great on hot summer nights and the bathrooms are plentiful, spacius, and clean (unlike some of the bars on Sansom.
Enjoy and prepare to become a regular!Great empanadas, lots of vegetarian options. Also makes ya feel healthy bc of the "green" margarita (has kale in it!). Though I had a "yellow" margarita which is more mAngo/pineapple. Great place for families and those looking for happy hour!Came in on a Friday night after work for happy hour with some friends. It was already packed at 5:30! I told the hostess I would like to sit and eat for the HH as well, but she told me there was a 45 minute wait for that sort of table. However, she offered me a "dinner" table that did not include the HH prices. Odd..
Anyway, I found myself a spot at the bar and scored a barstool after awhile. My 2 friends and I stood there for the rest of the night and had drinks and apps ($2 tacos are amazing!!!!) I loved the Sangria, but their Corona was great as well.
I will definitely be back! Only advice would be for them to open up all the tables for happy hour patrons :)This is a beautiful, sunny space! I walked in and was super impressed by the open, inviting layout, cheerful looking decor and the gigantic foosball table right by the entrance. Definitely sets the tone for a great brunch. 
We ordered chips, salsa and guac for the table to share (with unlimited refills of chips!) - all tasty. I also tried the shrimp taco, mahi mahi taco, and steak taco. My favorite by far is the mahi mahi - it's battered and fried and has the most delicate, light texture to it. Shrimp was good and flavorful too, and the steak taco was good but just a tad chewy. All of the tacos come with a side of cubed melon sprinkled with some sort of spice. They also serve La Colombe coffee for a great pick-me-up in the morning. 
Overall, I really enjoyed my meal, although it was a little on the pricier side ($15 for a serving of three smallish tacos - although I was full by the end of the meal with the chips and guac).We came for dinner on a Wednesday night. There were 3 in our party and we were seated at a large picnic table, it was the only table open and they didn't want us to wait. After we recvd. our beers, a large party came in and could have used our picnic table. Our waiter asked if we would mind moving to a smaller table that had since become open. Very happy to oblige as it was kindly requested. The server then brought us some salsa, chips and a round of beers to thank us. We had the nachos, guacamole and tacos. All were delicious. I especially liked the shrimp tacos. Great service, very bright and energetic atmosphere. Well done all around. Would highly recommend this place!Cow tongue and the fish tacos are really good. The crab salad is also very nice. Servers are friendly. The restaurant is always filled with people, parties, meetings, it's a good place to bring friends.I've become a big fan of mission since it opened up in the city. The atmosphere is very trendy yet quaint at the same time. That's the downside at the same time, as it has grown in popularity it gets very packed very quickly regardless of day or time.
Plus side is the margaritas and food are amazing! They offer a great lunch special of a soup and 3 tacos if you come for lunch, but if you're here for dinner I highly recommend any of the taco offerings as well as the nachos (some of the best I've had in the city). Overall highly recommend this spot for drinks or food.Really loved the plantain side and the guac! 
The tortilla soup does have chicken in it which I was not expecting. 
Churros are delishSunday Funday!  Went midday for brunch. The menu is small but well thought out. We started with chips and the coconut hazelnut salsa. Delish. Then it was plate sharing time. Shrimp tacos, skirt steak tacos, empanadas (my fav) and finally the breakfast burrito. My only "not perfect" was we ordered guac and never got it but since we didn't realize until we were done, no harm/no foul.  We will be back.Such a cute restaurant located on the upstairs of the oyster house. Great service, hostess was quick to seat, waitress came by almost immediately, and was always attentive. 
We had:
Guacamole: comes with chips and these were DELICIOUS. Nice portion size. Definitely great appetizer. 
Esquites: $5 and was so good, not slathered with cheese, and not overly seasoned either. It was nice and light and went well with the chips. 
Fluke Ceviche: here's where my minus 1 star for this place is. This dish was STRONG. Like really excessively washed down with lime juice from a bottle and olive oil. I'm not sure if this is just the taste and style of this dish but I REALLY wish the waitress would've given me a little heads up for this one. Personally, I wouldn't recommend. This was virtually inedible had it not been for the chips and guacamole by its side to help dilute the flavor. 
Fried Mahi Tacos: these were great! Nice and airy, and the dish was definitely fresh.I went here because El Vez was too crowded and the wait time was 1.5 hrs. We came in around 5pm and was immediately taken to a table. Our waiter was really nice and brought water right away. 
We ordered chips & guac and the ceviche sampler to start off. The chips & guac was solid. Nothing too crazy or to write home about, but definitely fresh. However, the ceviche sampler was to die for! We ordered the Red Snapper, Yellowfin Tuna and the classic Mixto Ceviche (includes shrimp, calamari, mussels). That was absolutely amazing! Perfect amount of sauce and tanginess! We loved it!
For my main entree I ordered the Chicken & Chiles Tacos Dorados which was killer! I loved the green veggies on top as a garnish and the tacos were well cooked and crispy! Presentation was on point! My friend ordered the Shrimp & Mango Tacos Dorados. It's not pictured here, but goddamn those shrimps were grilled perfectly! Both dishes pay tribute to the natural flavor of the chicken and shrimp, while adding a burst of flavor in your mouth! Not too salty either! Amazing!
To wrap it up, I ordered the Mango-Chile-Lime! It's a little strong for my taste, but I enjoyed the sweet yet spicy and saltiness along the rim of the cup. Also the mango was well mixed! Tastes like a smoothie should taste! This was my first time trying this type of drink and now I know why Mexicans add spices/salt to their fruits haha! Genius idea!
Overall 4/5 stars! Amazing food for a great price and friendly waiters with a chill environment! Is it the best Mexican food I've ever had? No, but it's certainly become one of my favorites! Try this place if you can!Stopped in for happy hour yesterday. The bartender (Sam?) was great. The spicy "margie" was not, as it tasted very acidic and cheap. We ordered the $14 (!) nachos. Why do they have cherry tomatoes on them? Why is the meat so dry? They were big, but the flavor and quality left a lot to be desired. Also ordered a dish under the "snack" menu that was comprised of basically corn and mayo - again, not good. The pork tacos were excellent, though. I don't see any reason to come back here.Went here Friday night. Walked in and the hostess was delightful and the place looks so cute! I love the decor!!!! Love love. Our server was Jessica and she was super friendly. She let me have a taste of their frozen blue berry margarita before I placed an order. It was delicious and strong enough. Too bad it wasn't filled to the top of the cup. Sad face. My boyfriend had the guava margarita and it was perfect. Ordered the carnitas tacos and empanadas and though it was small it was so so so delicious. I honestly can't wait to go back. I loved the service.Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants. From the ambiance to the service, it's a win. THE DRINKS ARE SO STRONG -- and I don't mind at all. Will be back.The tacos here are both beautiful and delicious. We ordered the al pastor, mahi mahi, and grilled shrimp tacos. The al pastor were my favorite- they were the perfect combination of hot and sweet. The space itself is gorgeous, and they are able to accommodate large groups for lunch. I will definitely be back for happy hour for a cocktail!Visiting Philly for the day, and it started pouring rain. Went into this place to wait it out at the bar. Service was great, had a spicy margarita and some guacamole.  I'll definitely come back next time I'm in Philadelphia. Like the vibe of this place. People next to me had tacos, and they looked awesome.First off, this place has a really cool vibe. However, I got the skirt steak tacos and I could not get them down. Like, I chewed my first bite for 10 mins before spitting out the steak. It was so chewy I could not swallow it. My friend tried one of my tacos and had the same experience. Now, the flavor was very good, but I just paid $15 to eat a tortilla. Maybe the other food is good, but my meal was unpalatable. My friend did enjoy her lamb tacos, so...The ambiance is light and airy, and the restaurant is very spacious. Great food and great service.
We went for Sunday brunch with 9 people and were seated right away!
We ordered 3 types of salsa, the corn, and nachos for starters. The nachos were AMAZING!! The corn was also delicious. If you get the salsas, I wouldn't recommend getting the borrero salsa unless you like the beer flavor. 
For our entrees I split the mushroom tacos and breakfast burrito with someone else. The mushroom tacos were delicious and the burrito was flavorful and filling.
For dessert, you MUST get the churros.I love the food here & my friend and I came twice. Both times that we have came the waiter messed up our checks, the first time they added a drink on our bill that we DID NOT ORDER! The second time we came which was last night, they charged the whole check to my friend's card and we kindly told her that we wanted to split the check before she walked away with card and cash in hand. She asked us if any of the cash was the tip and we told her no, the cash was for half of the bill. However she didn't pay attention to that and took it upon herself to do whatever she wanted to do which was NOT COOL! Don't know if I'll be back, because how does this happen twice at the same place!? I was being nice by giving this place two stars, because we like the food.Absolutely love Mission Taqueria! From the start of entering the restaurant, the spot has a very inviting and open feel. The decor is very modern with tons of seating options for small to big groups. The bar itself in the corner has a lot of seating within itself.
Rated as one of the best HH spots, this place definitely lives up to the reputation even at non-HH times. Known for their Margaritas, my friend and I ordered the Guava juice flavor. For a non -tequila drinker, this by far was one of the best margaritas I've had!
Food wise, I would recommend starting with the salsa trio (habanero, verde crudo, and coconut hazelnut). All three salsas were completely different from one another and have tons of flavor. Secondly, I would suggest the shrimp tacos with a side of plantains. The shrimp is nicely seasoned with mole verde and grilled to perfection. 
Totally recommend Mission to anyone and especially for their HH.Mission is literally one of my favorite places to go to with friends in Philly. It never disappoints regarding foods and drinks and atmosphere. Occasionally, it is loud and service is unpredictable, but that is fair due to the crowd they attract and the fact that most people know it is a great place to go to enjoy a night out and stay as long as you want for good food and drinks. Sometimes, I have waiters that forget to check in, but usually, they are par for the course. Nasty Woman is a GREAT cocktail for refreshing drink lovers, and while I'm not a vegetarian, the fried mahi mahi tacos are TDF. Def get the side of street corn, it's so yummy and cheesy. I've also never waited longer than 20 minutes to be seated, even though they do not take resies for under 7 or 8 people, and the hostess always remembers exactly who you are!So, I went here for dinner a few nights ago and the food is amazing! I'm docking a star for how pricey three tacos are at dinner, though. 13$ for 3 tortillas and a handful of mushrooms? 
Besides the price, everything about Mission is amazing. The food, the beverages,(Tamarindo margarita is awesome) ,the decor, it's all great. Service is prompt and attentive. If you are looking for a high class taqueria, this is the place.  Definitely not your classic, holl in the wall joint... But still good nonetheless. 
I'm sure that if I went here showing happy hour when the tacos are cheaper, I'd be giving this place a 5 star review. It's unfortunate that I'm moving to  North Jersey in a few days, otherwise I'd definitely be heading here more often!This was very good. We came here with a group of seven and ordered a bunch of stuff. The guac was very good, and the salsas we got were good as well, particularly the coconut-hazelnut, which grew on me over the course of the meal. Probably my favorite items of the night were the ceviche sampler (we got the tuna, snapper, and amazing mixto) and the chiles rellenos. I also really liked the empanadas. I was less crazy about the tacos in general, although I did like the mahi and carnitas. (I was disappointed by the al pastor in particular, which just didn't really do it for me.)
Overall, a solid spot for good Mexican at reasonable prices.Love love love! We came here for a girls day lunch, and we were very happy with our drinks and meals. We shared the huge plate of nachos which taste amazing and then I got the mushroom tacos (not sure of the exact name). The green sauce that they put on the nachos is so amazing! And our drinks were on point. Just two small things. Their online menu doesn't reflect some changes they've currently made (they do not serve the chile relleno tacos) and the restroom has no entrance door. So you walk in and the sinks right there. I'm all about modern living but was turned off by that, put a door or a curtain! OrhThe pulled pork cilantro taco was my favorite.  It's a must order!  The chicken mole and mahi mahi tacos were good but didn't have the wow of the pulled pork.  The service was excellent and the bartender mixed the perfect drink.  Plus, I love what they've done with the space in terms of making it feel much more vibrant and almost like a little haven above the typical sansom spot.Fun, boisterous (bordering on cacophonous) spot with earnest, creative takes on Mex. Young crowd enjoys small plates where items off the Snacks section may actually fill you up. Tina and I had the Chips/Salsas (3 is the magic number at Mission; you get to choose from 5-6), wonderful plantain empanadas (3) and chicken wings (9 which is 3x3) and could then only split the spectacular smokey/sweet pork tacos (3). 3 (!) different servers teamed up to get food out with alacrity. Tina had two different margaritas and enjoyed the house special frozen version best. Was under $75 for drinks and dinner for 2. Place is a winner. 5 stars really, but one off for deafening noise factor.Ambience was a nice surprise. 
They have the largest football table I've ever seen! 
Ate from their "in between" menu (after lunch / not quite dinner. 
Chips/salsa-guac = 5 stars *****
Mahi tacos = 5 stars *****
Empanadas = 4.5 stars ****
Drinks were unique and delicious.Came here for a midday snack and margs and was not disappointed. Although the food fare was great the decor and ambiance were the star of the show. The way I would describe it is as a "classy Mexican Rec room."-Large tables for groups, foozeball table, and a mini deck area in the middle. They also were playing tons of Jenny Lewis (which in my books gives this place an extra star). 
My friend and I sat at the bar were convinced by the bartender to get the watermelon, cucumber, and Serrano Frozen margs. WOW-these drinks were amazing. The coolness of the cucumber followed by the light heat from the Serrano pepper when the frozen factor disappeared made these margs one of the best frozen margs I have ever had. 
To eat we shared the nachos. They were perfectly layered with cheese, goat chili, radishes, and fresh tomatoes. The fresh tomatoes made this dish for me. 
The staff here is friendly and hip. I can't wait to hang out here again. Keep up the good work y'all!The food here is delicious, they always have an interesting selection of tacos and all are excellent. The menu is on the smaller side but that's ok. The margaritas are expensive for the size and how much ice they have. When we asked if we could have them without ice we were told sure but the drink will only come up a third of the way in the glass then. ....ok. It's a good place if you are width a group and don't have a reservation just because of the picnic bench seating and atmosphere.Awesome service, layout and appreciate the cucumber slices instead of the chips option with the guac. I really enjoyed the Coctel de Mariscos. This isn't the San Diego Mexican food that I long for but it's still delicious and a great place to grab drinks with one person or a whole group. Wish they had a tequila tasting menu but I'd definitely come back!This is my favorite Mexican food in Philly, fun hip big open space with a cool trendy vibe, I love myself a good Margarita, with my Guacamole and chips, (great Guacamole), Can sit at bar or long picnic bench in bar area, relax and meet people. Or have a table with group of friends. Dishes to share, I loved the Lamb and Pork. They make there corn tacos made from scratch. 
My fav the scallop Ceviche. 
neon signs make a great statement.
Skylight room in middle of Resturant a must see.. 
Check it out with your friendsCame here for happy hour and was not disappointed! Atmosphere was perfect and and would  have worked for date night too. The prices were fair for happy hour with $6 margaritas and a handful a food options. We went with the nachos which I probably would not order again,  but were good (different taste from the usual). To eat I got the shrimp tacos and the serving was very generous and delicious. Would recommend to anyone looking for fair prices and good food.Mission Taqueria! Hands down! The best Mexican establishment serving comforting cuisine in the CC Philadelphia area and here's why. Once you walk in you'll embrace the aroma of oak from their smoked fired grill which makes your tastebuds run wild. The decor is beautifully arranged by yours truly, Ms. Hope Velocitte. Next the hospitality is so welcoming that you'll feel at home where it's its so easy going yet comfortably accommodating. Def try their specialty drinks. One word EL DIABLO,so  delicious, yet sinister, not to mention the awesome music playing above will get your body moving. Lastly, I can't say enough, but Mission's Mahi Mahi is so deliciously clean and fresh. I gotta admit, MT is making their mark in CC and I believe it's a must be.First off, the decor of this place is awesome. Complete with twinkly lights, greenery, long white communal tables, and wait for it....foozball and shuffleboard! They also have a really cool enclosed outdoor patio in the center of the room. I came to get drinks for a friend's birthday and ended up ordering a few tacos because I just couldn't resist after taking a look at the menu. I decided on the shrimp tacos, which were flavorful but a little salty for my taste. I also tried the chicken mole taco, which I found a little too sweet and the flavors a little odd, but maybe I just don't know what proper mole is supposed to taste like... The menu is a bit pricey, but I'd come for happy hour or just drinks and shuffleboard! Love the ambience and so excited a place like this has opened up in rittenhouse!Chicken Mole Tacos were very good. Loved the squeeze of orange they're served with. Chicken Burrito was so-so. Super yummy watermelon sangria. Would definitely go back and try salsas and guacamole.The place is great for big groups, definitely make reservations, because even though I made one for my group, it still took 40 minutes to be seated. The atmosphere is fun, BUT SO LOUD, food is decent and I'd definitely come back if I wanted to do dinner again with a large group.Came here for Happy Hour, but the HH special doesnt start until 5pm. Not much options, we ended up ordered something not from the HH. The Pulpo dish was delish, if u like octopus get it. So tender and so flavorful. The guava margaritas is just okay. I love guava in general but somehow the flavor of guava is not there. The chicken taco is more juicy than the pulled pork - usually the other way around...but both has good flavors. 
The decor is so tasteful and great for large group hangout too.We arrived a little after 5pm (when they open). There were maybe ten people in the entire restaurant that takes up the entire level above Oyster House and Bar 1518. The entrance is a clear door to an undecorated staircase. There's nothing on the door to signify this is the entrance, but I guess this is better for customers because less people will know about it (so you can get seated more quickly than if it's really busy and everyone knows about it). 
The service was impeccable. Our waitress checked on us frequently and was very helpful with the menu (she even offered to leave the menu behind when I wasn't sure if one order of tacos would be enough for me). There were waiters constantly refilling your water. I drink A LOT of water, especially since it was hot out today, and it was never empty. 
We started with chips and salsa. For $10, you get a huge bowl of chips and three salsas. We had the Salsa Fresca (basically original), Verde Crudo, and Pepita. The Fresca had huge chunks of fresh tomatoes, onions, etc. It wasn't just the juices like in a store-bought jar. The verde tastes like you juiced the weeds from your garden at first, and then the jalapeños kick in. The Pepita is made with pumpkin seeds and basically tasted like hummus. The Fresca was my favorite, but the chips were amazing. The bowl was huge, and they were thick and crunchy. 
We shared the Pork al Pastor and Grilled Wild Shrimp. The pork was delicious, and the pineapple didn't overpower the meat, but complemented it. If I were to be really nitpicky (as I usually am with food), the guajillo glaze slightly overpowered the meat. I'm not a sauce person. I like to taste the natural flavors of the meat and spices (and they have a wood grill!), so I'm going to ask to leave that off next time. Everything was so great, I won't let this cause a lower rating.
The Grilled Wild Shrimp were amazing. I liked them more than the al Pastor, even though al Pastor is my favorite kind of taco. Although not as good as the shrimp cocktail downstairs, the shrimp was cooked to perfection. They were thick and juicy.
Though, the tacos are small, and the prices are high. The food is delicious, but I'd need two orders (with no chips) of tacos to be full. This would run me $25-30, so my college student budget doesn't allow me to make this my new "taco Tuesday" spot (I've been to Revolution Taco or Buena Onda almost every Tuesday this year, and I'm not ashamed).4.5 stars - I love mission taqueria! I come here often with my grandparents. Their guacamole is delicious! Everything (including tortillas and chips) are handmade. The kitchen has an open concept so you can often (depending on where you sit) see all of the food being made! My last visit, my family and I ordered one of each taco (minus the fish taco). My absolute favorite is the grilled wild shrimp taco. The al pastor and carne asada is also delicious! The chicken mole was also good, but very heavy (I was glad to only have had one). I was not fond of the veggie-mushroom taco, so wouldn't order that again. The bloody Maria is also quite tasty and perfect with tacos during brunch time! Definitely recommend!Came for the TACOLAB with Sate Kampar. Was warned to get here on time. We were. Host still took 15 minutes to seat us. 
That aside, once seated, the service (with Elizabeth B) was friendly and professional; food was terrific. Drinks were wonderful and balanced. I can't say anything for their normal kitchen, but the Sate Kampar folks are the absolute best. I had never heard of TACOLAB before tonight, but will be eager to see the next ones.Cool venue. They have some unique drinks and margaritas with tequila or mezcal. They got good mahi mahi tacosThis place is too cute! The margaritas are great and the nachos were unique. Staff were very attentive and sweet. Definitely will be going back.The staff here was great! We arrived at the very beginning of happy hour so we had our choice of seats and the attention of the hostess who, after we told her we were from out of town, proceeded to help us out with making plans for the next day / evening. She was so friendly and helpful, we followed her advice all weekend!
Starters: Guac and chips were good, I typically like mine a little spicier, but it was well made! The spicy margaritas were very good!
The tacos are served in 3's (which was perfect for the three of us!) - we had al pastor, carnitas, and I don't remember the name of the last one, but it was lamb tongue. Al pastor all the way! The carnita was also good. As for the tongue... the sauce on it was very good, but the meat texture just wasn't for me. The staff highly recommended it, but I think that's for the more adventurous types!
The space is very open and everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves. They have a gender neutral bathroom setup (nice!) and they have seating at the bar, large tables, hightops, and a window seat (where we picked). There was also a foosball table that wasn't being used, but I'm sure could be a nice added treat!
We wanted to try one more drink so they directed us downstairs to Oyster House - again, the staff is so friendly! 
If I'm back in Philly for happy hour, I'd be happy to visit again!The churros were delicious and we loved the vibe of the place, but my friend and I got food poisoning from the hot dog (we both tried it) :(The rules at Mission never cease to amaze me.  A co-worker recommended mission for a small work get together of 8 people, I cautioned against it due to prior bad experiences  with poor customer service.  Against my better judgment we made a reservation for 8 for happy hour at 5:30 PM.  We were not given any further information.  We arrive a few minutes early and were told that the happy hour tables were all full (isn't that why you make a reservation) but we could sit at a dinner table.  The catch, we had to order food, which we didn't plan on, and would not get happy hour drink prices.  Bait and switch much?  I have had a problem with the hostess there before, she has an attitude and I wasn't shocked that she had an attitude during this interaction.  She offered to put our name on a list for a happy hour table, again, we had a reservation?  Why bother allowing people to make reservations if you are just going to give their table away and then have an attitude?The food is wonderful. The noise level is horrendous. We had to scream to talk. Now it was Friday night happy hour and their first anniversary so maybe that was why. To be fair I'll have to try a Monday or Tuesday. Prices are fair even on the regular menu.This was the first visit to Mission, but long overdue based on their reputation.  They have completely reinvented the space previously occupied by Nodding Head Brewery.  They turned a dark and dank space into a bright and open atmosphere that immediately energizes you.
We started with a selection of Salsas (Habanero, Borracha, and Verde Crudo).  Good mix of tastes, but the Verde Crudo definitely stole the day.
For mains, we split the Mahi Mahi, Pork, and Grilled Wild Shrimp tacos.  There were three of us and this was just the right amount of food.  Everything was great, I'm not sure there was a clear winner but the Shrimp were pretty darn close.  Worth noting that we usually don't like battered fish for our tacos, but the batter was so light and crisp.  
We couldn't resist the Churros to finish and they delivered.  
All in all this is a great atmosphere with really good food and service.  It is a bit pricey, but you're getting good bang for your buck.Came here for restaurant week: chips and salsa, ceviche, mole chicken tacos, and chocolate flan. Overall, the service was probably the best that I have gotten here at any restaurant in Philadelphia. I could best describe the food as upscale Mexican food. If you're expecting street tacos, you're gonna be disappointed. Fooseball tables and large picnic tables all around the dining room. Very fun atmosphere, though expensive for the amount of food you get. Probably won't be back because of the prices.This restaurant has very good authentic Mexican food and awesome drinks. I have gone a few times with a group of friends and always had a great time. The wait staff is excellent very knowledgeable.Good to go with a group or by yourself just for drinks and happy hour I will be back.I ended up at Mission during happy hour in search of some decent tacos in the area. Admittedly, my review might be a bit biased because it's located in the old Nodding Head brewery (which was one of my favs in the city until it closed/moved).
I ordered a couple of margaritas, a trio of salsas, and a couple of happy hour tacos. The salsas were spicy, tangy, and delicious with the accompanying chips light and crispy.
The tacos were okay. They were tasty, with interesting garnishes. But they had too much liquid and were a bit delicate. Still, for $2, I didn't feel too disappointed. 
I don't know that I'd go back to Mission for the tacos, but for the margaritas and salsa, I'd return.
Final note, the bathrooms at Mission are gender neutral, which was awesome!The food and the atmosphere was amazing. We had the nachos, mahi mahi tacos and the empanadas. It is my new favorite spot... Must try!!Best contemporary Mexican in Philly with an amazing decor!
Service is always great, drinks are always perfect. Great mescal selection, and the Baja style Mahi Tacos are killer!We got bean salad, lunch special (soup+fresh non alcoholic drink+short rib beef taco) and corn . It was for 2 people, and we were pretty full after this.
It was pretty good, chilling atmosphere and perfect for eating lunch with group of friends!Really solid brunch. 
I had he huevos rancheros which were pretty good - i just wish there was one other element to it like avocado or that the chorizo was chopped up and mixed into it.
The salsas were all great - my favorite was the verde crudo but my family loved the smokiness of the habanero.
Though I didn't taste the mahi mahi tacos, my brother and sister in law were very pleased with their order.
By the way, my sister in law wants the good people of Yelp to know that she traveled to Valle de Bravo and fell in love with micheladas and  she believes the ones at Mission are even better!We've been here twice and have loved it both times.  The Brussel Sprout salad and the nachos are fantastic.  The margaritas are good but strong!My first meal in Philadelphia-- went with 2 friends on a Tuesday night. The restaurant decor was very chic, with Christmas lights and hip environment (very good for instsgram pictures). The waitress was very friendly and service was quite fast. I ordered the fish tacos and they tasted standard, so no complaints!I've been to Mission Taqueria twice now and it is very obviously the happening place to be for happy hour in Center City. It was so crowded and so loud I have no idea how we managed to score two seats at a table around 6:15 on a SIPS Wednesday. We didn't care about the happy hour specials, we were just happy to get a seat. My friend and I both started with house margies. We split a heaping pile of nachos, the carnitas tacos, and fried mahi mahi tacos. The nachos were delicious and so was the house margarita. I much preferred the carnitas tacos over the mahi mahi tacos. We actually had to take some of the tacos home because we were so stuffed after the nachos. Service was friendly and attentive, great experience. 
The second time we returned, I was with the same friend plus 4 girls. It was later in the evening around 8pm and the happy hour crowd had pretty much cleared out. The 6 of us split the nachos again and this time I got the short rib tacos and I ate them all.  Our waitress was the only unfortunate part of this experience. She was very rude and very not attentive. We had to ask for more drinks once we'd finished our margaritas and she would huff and puff if we asked questions about the menu.  
Overall food is great, vibe is fun and trendy, and obviously service is dependent on your server.went to mission for happy hour and it was wonderful! the margaritas and tacos are delicious from the happy hour menu, but if you're up for it i definitely recommend the tasting menu!Instagram worthy. Brunch feels. The place is really happy and hip and has a California vibe to it. Unfortunately though, you can't mix or match tacos, which come in three. It encourages sharing but kind of sucks if you have a small party. The guac was exceptional, as was the homemade sweet cream soft serve with key lime curd (the dessert was probably my favorite out of the meal). 
Definitely a go-to if your instagram is feeling a little neglected. Otherwise, it was kind of pricy.Great food .. great service .. happy hour good too .. carnitas tacos really good...sangria delishVery cute, hangout spot for good food and drinks with friends. Really cool modern deco for the Instagram foodies. 
It's safe to judge by the house margarita and it was amazing, so I decided to give one of their many other cocktails a try.
It's honestly hard to make a choice. Everything sounds so good. I ended up getting a rum based cocktail that's absolutely my favorite summer drink right now (I wish I remembered the name, it has two pineapple leaves in it...)
The food was good. After a while everything starts to add up a little but it was worth it. I had the chicken tacos. They're spicy, just how I like my food so that was fine with me. 
So yeah overall I'm going back for the drinks and the atmosphere. Bring your friends.It's amazing what some paint and light can do to a space! Crazy that this used to be Nodding Head. The look and feel of Mission Taqueria is a huge step up. 
I have been a few times and I really like the ambiance of the place. The service is very good with a friendly, attentive, and accommodating staff. I'm not particularly crazy about the food, but it's a solid safe bet.
I'd pick Mission Taqueria as a place to stop in for a marg or to hang out with a large group. Not at the top of my list for a sit down dinner, but very cool and very good.My friends and I decided to come here to check it out and kill time before our dinner reservations.  I was excited to come here for Happy Hour.  But, they don't have much of a Happy Hour :(.  They had ONE food special, and it was pork taco's.  NOT EVERYONE EATS PORK!  I am by no means a vegetarian, but there wasn't even a veg option for Happy Hour.
In the bar area they have communal seating.  I'd told the hostess I was expecting friends so I'd take one of the tables.  My whole party hadn't arrived and the hostess seated other guests at our table.  She didn't even ask if we were expecting more people or anything.  And then, the two people had to sit on the same side!!!!!!!  The rest of my friends had to squeeze in or stand.
I ordered the Bee Sting - which was decent and had a nice kick to it.  Then I ordered a margarita ... spicy ... it was not spicy.  They only alluded to spice with a tiny jalapeno garnish.  I also thought this place to be a little over priced for what you get.
I will say, the waiter, Damian (I think, sorry) was really nice.  The nacho's were good (we didn't try much else as we had dinner reservations elsewhere).  And the ambiance was great.  I love what they've done with the old Nodding Head space.  It's so much more bright and open.  The foosball table was also a nice touch.
I will probably come here again if a friend wants to go try it out or something. But I don't think this will be a regular place for me.We arrived for lunch with a large party.  I was especially excited to come here because it used to be the old Nodding Head bar and I was curious to see what it transformed into.
Off the bat, this new taco place is really bright and clean.  Layout and decor was very inviting with a cool open kitchen design.
Service was a little slow and non-attentive, but I've had worse (maybe the lunch rush or the fact that they were gonna charge an automatic 20% gratuity anyway).
The menu is pretty short and to the point. We order two of each app and everyone had their own main dish of either tacos or burritos.  Everything tasted pretty good.
One thing to note is that they do charge for salsas.  And it's pretty pricey too.  Kind of a sneaky way to make more money I guess.
Overall, a nice casual taco spot for lunch or dinner.Ambiance was awesome, drinks were flowing and the crowd really doesn't as having a good time. Our waiter was attentive.We may or may not have been here 3 nights in a row. Not too ashamed though, it is delicious!!
The atmosphere is great, the staff is super nice, the menu is on point, cocktails are amazing so as the food! 
FYI it can get very loud! 
Extra points for the GENDER FREE restrooms!! 
Needless to say that we will go back. A lot. 
But what are you waiting for?!Tacos and guacamole are really good! The drinks are great too and have some unique and interesting combo's!LOVED the tacos here. Which is saying a lot for someone who comes from California, known for its Mexican food.
I found it strange that the taqueria was located on the second floor of a building, but the interior was really impressive. Some of the seating is bench-style, meaning you'll occasionally share the same table as other guests. The restaurant can also get loud fairly quickly, which makes it hard to enjoy food in a more intimate setting. Regardless, this is an AWESOME place for tacos, drinks, and more! I ended up going with the wild shrimp tacos the night I came, and I don't think I can say enough good things about them. Shrimp seared to perfection + handmade corn tortillas = absolute mouth orgasm. If you don't mind sitting in a noisier environment or enjoying a messy hands-on meal, Mission Taqueria is definitely a good place to go to.OH MY!!! The chicharrones.... it's like crack. I could eat this whole dish by myself plus some. 
This is one of my favorite spots to go to for happy hour. The specials are pretty reasonably priced. Love the different varieties of tacos and other food choices on it. All the tacos are pretty good, but my favorite is the spicy chicken. It has a very nice kick and packed with tons of flavor. Close behind favorite is the pork belly taco. 
As for drinks - I'm only had the spicy margarita and it's pretty solid. Its on their happy hour menu and my go to drink whenever I'm here. I think they usually have about 3-4 other drinks for HH.
I will surely be back!!!!!This was my first visit and I will definitely be back! Guacamole, margaritas, and shrimp tacos were delicious. Staff very nice and interior decor beautiful!The food just falls short here - the suggestion I ultimately made to my wife was "I think this is a restaurant for people who aren't all that interested in eating food" - everything we ordered fell short in some fashion, some things far more than others.  The margarita with a chile rim had way too much of a kick, the horchata went overboard with the clove, the empanadas were too salty... but the lowlight was the octopus tostada.  First off, it wasn't a tostada - it was an arugula and octopus salad with mayo-based dressing on top of a tortilla - but the tortilla itself was charred beyond recognition.  Incredibly bitter flavor profile, like shoveling the ash from the bottom of a charcoal grill into your mouth.  When we looked at the menu and saw that one of the tacos was topped with "onion ash"... I mean, maybe everyone likes stuff like this and it's just me?  But this is not any kind of decent mexican food, even taking into account the sort of URBN cultural appropriation that a place like Mission Taqueria is interested in.  The space is pretty lovely, so one star for that, but spend the extra money and go to, say, Alma de Cuba if you require lovely surroundings with your latin fusion.I live very close to Mission but had only been there for a brunch event. I came here for dinner recently with a friend and the experience was great.
She got there before me and put our name in. They have a cute courtyard area where you can hang out in the nice weather and also start sipping on some drinks which was great.
We ordered the nachos without added meat, the shrimp tacos and chicken tacos and shared between the two of us to share. This was more than enough food. I loved the nachos so much, the conjita cheese was delicious. Next time I might get it without jalapeños since I picked around them anyway and there was valuable cheese that was lost as collateral. I liked the shrimp tacos more than the chicken but both were tasty.
Finally, the decor is super cute. Its young and hip and well-light but also cute and new-age. As a side note, to enter you have to climb a tall set of stairs. I'm not sure if they have an elevator but customers with limited mobility may want to check on that before coming.~ I chose to accept the mission of this specialized taco restaurant. To take on & neutralize the formidable Oaxacan Express; which included Soup or Ceviche + Choice of Taco(3) + Agua Fresca for 15$. 
First Impressions: Tucked away in center city is truly the stairway to Mexican cuisine heaven. Upon entrance, the Mission Tequeria teleported me back to an enclosed rooftop restaurant in Cancun. With the light pastel colors, open floor plan, & lively botanical additions it seemed to produce such an authentic positive energy. 
Now on to the mission. I thought it was impossible to extradite a full meal in under 10 minutes, but this establishment made it quite possible with time to spare. The lovely waitress brought out the fresh Ceviche & Hibiscus Agua Fresca first (pictured). One fork full of the ceviche trafficked a delightful burn throughout my mouth. It was almost too much to handle by itself; so I asked for one of the bowls of nachos, & the waitress kindly accommodated me. The Hibiscus fresca was like drinking sweet nectar of the gods. It was the perfect hero to match the welcomed "villainess" ceviche. 
I still had my eye on the prize, saving enough room for the 3 fried Mahi Mahi tacos. They were accompanied by perfectly portioned jalapeno mayo, pickled cabbage, avocado, 2 radish slices, & side dish of orange slices sprinkled with a hint of cinnamon (pictured). The disc shaped taco held together the ingredients incredibly as they self destructed in my mouth with a massive explosion of Mexican flavor. The message was loud & clear....Mission Taqueria blows all other previously attended Mexican restaurants(in the U.S.) out of the water. 
Recommendations: A menu item to select different types of tacos to taste (customers will pay extra for a variety) ; although I can understand the aspect of "keep them coming back for more." Slightly bigger chairs, I felt like an oversized child back in elementary school sitting in one of them. 
The Don approves of this establishment & will be back ~Good lunch deal. 3x tacos, bowl of soup, and agua fresca for 15$. Good options for you to choose from.
Wild shrimp tacos were good. Tortilla soup was decent. Tamarindo agua fesca was also good.
Good and quick service. Very nice waiter and host.
Will be back.My go-to place for HH after work!  The margs here are AMAZING [yay green margie!] and the happy hour deals are very fair and worth it.  I love that HH is everywhere in the restaurant and not just the bar so you can sit and relax and feel free to order off the full menu as well- very smart.
Highly recommend the veggie sope- spicy, creamy cheese, and crisp veggies.  I also LOVE the hazlenut salsa... so unique and cuts the heat of other choices well.
I do wish there were some milder spice options on the tacos but not a huge deal.Really great value lunch special. I had gazpacho, the short rib tacos, and a horchata to drink - all for $15. The soup was refreshing and I liked the watermelon in it. The tacos were super juicy and they did not skimp out on the portion of meat inside. The tacos also came with sweet potatoes, very filling.Such a great happy hour and social scene place! The menu is simple - salsas, dips, tacos, ceviches and plates. Love the different combos of flavors for each taco. We got the shrimp tacos, mushroom tacos, and chips & guac to start. We also started with some drinks - got a rum cocktail (forget the name now) and it was okay. The margs on the other hand were great. We all LOVED the meal and the ambience of the restaurant. But honestly I think it's a little too pricey for what you get. I'll definitely be returning though!Nice place, very interesting and funky space and good, unique Mexican food.
Lots of funky seating from picnic tables to "coffee tables" on cinder blocks. Not real comfortable for me, but I'm old as dirt.
I had the Brussel Sprout salad, which I very much enjoyed. Spicier than most with a citrus flare. Better than most Brussel sprouts I've had.
I then had grilled swordfish tacos that were tremendous. The sauce that was served with these was perfect.
Great Mexican, right in city center.  I will definitely be back.Bartenders are amazing.  Chris (pictured) went out of his way to make sure the experience was stellar (except could change the Mexico vs Germany works cup score).(to the tune of "Body Like a Back Road" by Sam Hunt)
Folks in town, or a hot date? (Gotta blow out your hair)
Head to this Taqueria, hope he pulls out your chair
Looking at the menu - dang, this place costs a lot
But if you're not the one paying, why not visit this spot?
Space inside looks real cute, but the point's kind of moot
I'll only come here during their happy hour
Dropping 40, tastes like twenty; portions aren't too plenty
Tasty stuff but prices got me feeling sour...
Guac alone costs twelve bucks, thought tacos were cheap
Just a few tiny tortillas, stuffed with veggies and meat
Tacos don't come with sides, no, and they're all pretty small
I bet I'd still be hungry if I just ate them all.
Space inside looks real cute, but the point's kind of moot
I'll only come here during their happy hour
Dropping 40, tastes like twenty; portions aren't too plenty
Tasty stuff but prices got me feeling sour...
This is a spot to see and be seen. But honestly, nothing wowed me enough to want to go back and pay full price. There are too many amazing places right in the same area that won't break the bank (we're talking 50 for a not-very-filling dinner for two, without alcohol). Other than the Instagram-friendly decorations, I don't really see the appeal.Mission Taqueria is not an easy place to rate.  This loud, airy, and very popular new Mexican cantina and bar has certainly found a large clientele and yet the food doesn't quite live up to many other Mexican restaurants in the Philadelphia area.  The carnitas tacos were the best food item of the evening and since this is technically a taqueria that is important.  The sopa was not very flavorful although it had a wealth of ingredients. The chicken wings with a habanero pineapple glaze were def decent although not memorable .... but I would order them again.  Don't worry about the food being being too spicy here, it isn't (unfortunately). The bartenders and kitchen service were very good and friendly and they were dealing with a huge crowd.  Def props to them.  There's picnic style tables in addition to regular restaurant-type seating, a cool gazebo-like niche in the middle of the restaurant for a medium size party, and they have Fußball (foosball) & shuffleboard tables.  Its likeability brings Mission Taqueria up to four stars.Delicious foods, delicious drinks. I went here with my husband and got the tuna ceviche and empandas as well as a guave margarita. All of it was very tasty and the atmosphere was fun and exciting as well. The server was also extremely informed and very friendly. We will definitely be back.Nice atmosphere, friendly and attentive servers. However the food is mediocre. I ordered the chicken tacos, which came with three very small tacos and a bowl of three orange slices sprinkled with cayenne pepper. Too spicy for my taste (I don't tolerate spicy well) and portion size is small. Flavor was ok, could have used more seasoning. Wouldn't come back ..This place is so cute!
There seems to be relatively few spots open for when you're looking last minute to go out to eat a nicer dinner at 9:30pm on a Wednesday evening. However, Mission Taqueria pulled through, with its delicious panoply of salsas and unique tacos! The decor is also a tasteful mix of trendy yet relaxed, and they have a wide variety of different seating arrangements (booths, long tables, small tables, window seats, etc). There's also a cute intimate upstairs courtyard/skylight room in the center of the restaurant if you wanna take a break to go outside and look up into the night sky. 
It's just a tad bit pricey for what you get, but hey, it's well worth a trip!Uhhh....WOW!  Run, don't walk to this terrific restaurant. Love this place. Went for the first time and cannot wait to go back. We had the crab appetizer, nachos, guacamole, tortilla soup and the Brussels sprouts. Oh, and margaritas...and the churros. The whole thing was so super yummy. The atmosphere is wonderful and we loved the vibe. The design is great and it was fun to see the open air kitchen. Look forward to trying the steak and shrimp tacos that looked divine. We had a wonderful dinner. Mission accomplished!Delicious tacos. Service is hit or miss but only because it's so busy (due to the food being really good). Definitely go try and you won't regret. Best tacos in the area with some pretty creative options. Duck taco is amazing and their salsa options are impressive and will fit whatever you're in the mood forWe saw Andrew the chef on Goodday Philadelphia and wanted to give it a try. We were not disappointed! Great food and a funky, fun filled atmosphere. All the waitstaff and management were extremely friendly. We met Andrew and told him we would definitely be back. We are from Jersey and come into town every other Friday to try something new. Great place!So good! We came here during sips with a reservation for dinner and were totally bummed that we couldn't get happy hour specials in the back of the resturaunt (only in the front.. ) but nevertheless enjoyed some great margs! I had the mole tacos which were great- I'll have to come back during happy hour!Came by here on two different occasions - one for lunch and one for happy hour. 
Lunch - ordered the guacamole and the steak burrito.  
 - Guacamole was good - don't think it tops the one you can get from El Vez though.  
- Steak burrito came out really quickly from the kitchen.  I hate it when they don't evenly disburse the meat throughout the wrap - so I had a few chunks of rice and beans and some of all meat.  
I probably would've tried the lunch option for 15 bucks, which comes with a drink, soup and tacos.  The menu says taco so I thought you only get one, but you get 3.  
Happy Hour - it gets really crowded here (esp since it's been rated one of the top spots now for drinks).  I love how they have shuffleboard here and they have a nice outdoor area within the restaurant for those that may want a quieter atmosphere.After having passed by the intriguing staircase of Mission Taqueria's entrance many times, I finally got the chance to stop by for a late lunch.  We ordered the guacamole, the fish tacos, and the tacos al pastor. (Fun fact: everything is made from scratch in-house, including the chips and tortillas.)
The fish tacos were lightly fried and well-seasoned - easily our favorite dish of the meal. The tacos al pastor were good, if a bit too tough and lacking the depth of flavor I usually associate with al pastor. Likewise, we thought the guacamole could have used a tad more seasoning (and maybe some tomato chunks, though that's just our preference), and a lot less lime. As it was, it did taste very natural and healthy, and it certainly made us feel slightly better about ourselves as we gorged ourselves on the accompanying freshly made tortilla chips.
For drinks, we ordered the Paloma, which is a mezcal drink (according to the menu), and a Margarita. When our drinks arrived, we had a difficult time differentiating between the two, and when we asked one of the servers which was which, she informed us that the Paloma actually contains a mixture of tequila and mezcal. They were nice enough to remake the drink with mezcal, and it turned out to be a really potent, wonderful drink.
On the balance of things, we enjoyed our meal at Mission Taqueria. The service was super friendly and helpful and the decor feels like California on steroids (in a good way). I do feel that we ordered some of the wrong things, so the $60.00 (before tip) check at the end of our lunch did not really seem justified. However, with it's great location, solid drink selection, and enjoyable atmosphere, I think Mission Taqueria will do just fine.Picked this for dinner our first night in Philadelphia.  Best guacamole and salsa we've had in some time.  Get a few appetizers and share tacos.  Margaritas were exceptional!I keep trying this place, hoping that they figure it out. Nope.... Have you ever had something so salty it starts to burn your tongue? This seems to happen every time I come here. Have they not had enough complaints about using too much salt? 
How about guacamole? It's a Taco place- I'd figure they have options. So I asked if I could get a small side for my tacos- rather than ordering the full appetizer- nope- you have to order the 15$ app to get guac. 
The nachos- salt with a little cheese 
Steak taco- salt with a little steak
The chips- salt with a little corn flower
Ceviche- salt with a little fish and shrimp 
- oh and how do you eat your well salted ceviche here? ... no chips just a spoon. Chips are extra. HA
PUT DOWN THE SALT SHAKER.
Ps- all that salt and no water...I came here on a Friday night in a group of 3 around 6:15pm and was told there would be a 15-30 minute wait. The wait ended up being more like 40 minutes. We were seated around 6:55pm, but our waiter was very kind and told us we could still order off the Happy Hour menu even though it was ending at 7pm, so my dad and I ordered $3 Coronas.
To eat, I had the Quesadilla de Hongos (crimini mushrooms, cheddar, truffle, and roasted jalapeño salsa) which was fantastic. My parents shared 4 Carnitas tacos (crispy pork and salsa roja) which they enjoyed.
My mom is a really picky eater, but our waitress was very patient and accommodating; she answered all of my mom's questions and requested that ingredients be put on the side without a problem.
Pros: beautiful space (light and airy with a ton of plants), great customer service, delicious food
Cons: small portions for the price (particularly the tacos), can get crowded and loudA hidden gem in Center City. That said, the happy hour isn't that much better price wise to the dinner menu so just have them seat you in the dining area instead.