Yummy yummy yummy. We sat at the coffee bar with Janilex - she was awesome and so down to earth and friendly, even on a busy Saturday afternoon. We had the Gallo Pinto with vegan chorizo, Mixto Criollo, Cubano and vegetarian omelet. I could have done w/o the vegan chorizo and the cubano was a little dry, but all else, amazing. Hot sauce, also amazing. Bloody Marys and Tres Leches  We've found a new go-to brunch spot in Philly.Rule #1 to finding a great brunch spot in any unknown city:  find the gay neighborhood and walk for 3 blocks!  From my experiences, this rule applies to San Francisco, San Diego, and now Philadelphia.  Mixto was a surprise, and I must say it was nice to have a great Sunday brunch with a large party and not have to wait in line for it.  I had some dish that isn't on any of the online menus I've seen--maybe they've recently changed?!--it had a little bit of everything.  Eggs, spicy rice & beans, steak & onions, sweet plantains, and oh yeah, a brick of fried cheese.  Yeah, that's right, deep fried f'n cheese.  Everything was delicious.  It was a bummer I didn't get a chance to try any of their drinks--unfortunately, this time I was with the wrong crowd for that.  I did have a cafe con leche that was amazing.  Either way, it was nice to find a brunch that comes with hot sauce.I am in love with this place. Great atmosphere, awesome food and mojitos and wonderful service. A big shout out to our server Jesús for being amazing! :-)This is more like a 3.5 (which is not offered by Yelp). 
The food was really good, but they're certainly taking advantage of being in this neighborhood because it was pretty expensive for the amount of food you get.
We were only here for happy hour (BAR ONLY, which is lame because some of my favorite restaurants offer it to all of the tables as well), but we  had the guacamole and the Plato Mixto (Arepas, empanadas, chicharrones, chorizo, shrimp ceviche, tostones, maduros and papa relleno).
So far this is the only restaurant I've seen put guacamole on the happy hour menu, but that's the only time I would get it because it was smaller than my favorite "modern Mexican" restaurant's serving for the same price, $12 (regular price at Mixto, but is $6 during happy hour).
They only include the beer menu if you sit at the bar. They're clearly trying to sell you their $10+ cocktails (normal for around here). 
The service was standard for any other restaurant. Nothing to rave about. I found myself wondering why my water wasn't refilled (because I drink a lot of water when it's hot out), but I didn't have to request more. It was refilled in enough time. 
The Plato Mixto was not as big as I expected for $24. It was wasn't* tiny, but I think $18-20 would've been more appropriate. The chorizo was great, the empanadas were good, I could live without the chicharrones ((never had it (from anywhere), but it was just fried pork fat that was really tough to eat, nothing special, would not order by itself)), and the shrimp ceviche was awesome (also never had this from anywhere, but this made me want to order it elsewhere when it's available).
I saw the waiters bring out entrees to other people, and they looked great. I'll eventually come back, but I'm not dying to go back tomorrow.To be fair I haven't been in the past year or more. But across  the board Mixto is a disappointment.
My Cuban better-half and I tried it a couple of times, once alone, once with friends who wanted to go. The food, for latin cuisine, was remarkably bland. Latin food uses simple ingredients and it's all about developing flavors and building on those simple components. Mixto's food was largely flavorless. Like they just squeezed a lime over it and called it 'latin.' The moros (rice cooked with beans) was completely devoid of flavor. 
Only go if you are absolutely desperate for latin food.Mixto is a gayborhood staple in Philly.  It has a lively ambience and the food was great. Looks can be deceiving, though.  During my visit to Mixto, I probably had one of the worst service experiences I've had, and unfortunately after our meal we heard similar experiences from friends.  
We visited later evening on a Saturday night, where the restaurant was full and lively.  We were seated on the first floor fairly quickly and near the open door/windows for a nice, airy dinner.  As we sat, the busboy came over and filled our water glasses.  However, the server was nowhere to be seen...  After about 20 minutes, and 2 or 3 glasses of water, we were greeted by our server. 
More often than not, once a server notices you, things are generally smooth sailing...not this time. It took 20 more minutes for our margaritas to arrive, and another 10-15  minutes after that for our appetizers to arrive. Our server did not check on us. (He was actually cleaning the air ducts with a stick and a towel on the end of the stick, which was thankfully not near our table.) We'd now been seated for about an hour, and only gotten to our appetizers. 
All in all, food was OK. 
House Margaritas not great. 
Service was downright horrendous.  
Let's hope this place gets it together or I won't be back.Another great meal at a restaurant in Philadelphia! More and more this city is impressing me with its culinary prowess...but I digress
My fiancé and I decided to check out Mixto for some Sunday afternoon brunch. I didn't know this before coming to the restaurant, but Mixto actually specializes in Cuban/Colombian cuisine (pretty much Latin inspired dishes). 
Mixto has a very "homey", comfortable atmosphere to it. The very first thing I had to have was coffee with cream, or "cafe con leche". The coffee was excellent, and gave me a nice boost throughout the day. For brunch, I had to go with the heuvos rancheros, considering we were at a Latin inspired restaurant. The eggs came with a creole sauce, refried beans, tortilla chips, and I choose chorizo (one of like 4 meat options). 
The eggs were very good, and definitely kicked up a notch with the creole sauce on top. The chorizo was also enjoyable to. But I found the tortilla chips to be the best part of the dish! They were so fresh and crunchy, clearly these were made in house. I found the best way to eat this dish was to top a chip with some eggs, beans, and a little piece of chorizo, a great combo overall! My fiancé got the veggie frittata, which looked very good but I didn't try it so I can't say more than that.
We both really enjoyed our meals here, and now look forward to coming back for dinner!I was visiting a friend in the city last night and we decided to get a bite to eat. What a great find! we were seated inside, right by the open window and it was perfect.
 I told our waiter Jesus, to pick a good margarita for me... and he did - a "skinny margarita", nothing skinny about it! My friend tried a couple of beers. We had the Tostones Bruschetta for an appetizer, something new and different for both of us - we enjoyed it. My friend had the Vegetarian Paella and I had a chicken and rice Cubano. The servings were HUGE! It seemed like the more I ate, the rice multiplied, it didn't even look like I put a dent in it.
I highly recommend the restaurant, great food atmosphere and attentive staff!!!Started off my brunch with a Peach Mimosa. Delicious. Then I ordered the Mexican Breakfast which was absolutely to die for! 
They give you a complimentary bread that was toasted in butter...so it was warm with just the right amount of crisp to it. Our waitress was attentive and welcoming and the service is "right on the money" as they say. 
The Mexican Breakfast was pretty filling and beautifully plated. The mimosa was about $8 that came in a nice champagne glass. However, I think around $5 would be a more reasonable price. 
It was my first visit and I definitely want to go back to try more of their dishes. One of friends had a sirloin steak with eggs and toast and it looked just as good as mine.Other than the noise level being a bit higher than I would normally like, the food was awesome, had a beyond wonderful server and the decor was simplistic yet charming. A great place if you're in a festively active mood. I'll definitely be back here.Food was very good. Fair prices. What made this 3 stars was our server, who was HORRIBLE. Short stout woman, Latin descent. Slow, not friendly, slow. Oh, did I say SLOW?!?I have to say that I'm a pretty big fan of Mixto. I've been twice so far and have been pleasantly surprised both times, for different reasons. My first visit was solely a "bar night" with some friends and we doused ourself in Mixto's margaritas and infamous "bulldog." I don't recommend this HUGE drink unless you have ATLEAST two people to share it with! It was good though.
 The second time that I visited Mixto was just the other night, for a more formal dinner. A friend and I sampled a number of the cheap $4 - $5 beers and some of the house White Zin. For dinner, I had the Caesar Salad. I can't say enough about the salad! Not only was it beautifully prepared, it was probably one of the best salads I've had! My friend who played it safe with some fries and random sides also seemed happy enough.
Give this place a shot and sit outside if you can! The crowd has been great both times. I love that the patrons are a mix of straight and gay men and women. Great times. I'll be back!So as soon as I walked in with my boyfriend and his mom, we were barely greeted by the hostess who rudely said that if wanted the happy hour specials we HAD to sit at the bar, not at a table? Very weird. But anyway, my steak and mashed potatoes were amazing. my coconut mohito was even better! Unfortunately, as I was just about finished eating, i and to run to the bathroom and throw up. Maybe the steak? Maybe something in the mohito? not sure. but don't want to go back even though it tasted good.Wonderful food and wonderful ambiance in this place.  We enjoyed our dinners and they were nice enough to make allowances for dietary restrictions.Drove up 3 hrs from D.C., didn't know we needed rsvp, girls got us in, and food was delicious, Olga our server worked fast and hard. This place was crazy busy on a rainy Saturday. We'll have to drive up here again soon!Food was very good as well as the drinks.  The issue was there were 4 of us and we sat upstairs where it was very hard to hold a conversation due to the noise.I was here for drinks with some co-workers for happy hour... we left at like 9pm. It was a great time...
I had a margarita, classic of course, i dont like to try flavors because sometimes it's too syrupy or too sweet. I like lime and salt, I can't do mango or peach with sugar, it's not me. So it was good but not great, so I ended up having beer after that.
I had the empanadas as an app because I thought we were just going to be there for happy hour not a long time. I believe it was some sort of seafood empanada and they were ok, but I like the more of the fried empanada or maybe a bread type. These were just ok. My friend had the calamari and it was amazing, so much food for a good price.
The staff was so nice and friendly, we were at times difficult (in my mind) you know when you know what you want but others dont and they sit there and ask questions and then think about what they want and you feel bad because theyre taking too long? yea... check. but the server didnt seem to mind.
at the end i felt pretty bad because everyone pretty much stopped drinking and we just talked, it felt like we were imposing and taking up a table. i hope that the nice tip made up for it.
the atmosphere was so romantic i would love to go back on a date with the bf and actually try their menu and some fruity drinks!No words can explain how delicious the food here is. get a mojito and empanadas to start and go from there. I've tried about 4 or 5 different items on the menu so far and I loved every taste of it.I had a great dinner experience here and I am looking forward to going back to try their brunch. Three of us went out for dinner and drinks. We spent about $55 each, which was a great deal for the amount of delicious food and drinks we got. 
We started with some house margaritas and a sampler plate. I would definitely recommend this. Although it was a bit expensive, ($23 I think...) it gave us a chance to try each appetizer that we couldn't decide on. We loved every bit of it. Plaintains, beef and chicken empanandas, chorizo, shrimp among other things. That plate alone was extremely filling, I'd say that would be a very adventurous undertaking for two people-- it could probably be a meal on its own!
I was deciding between the "Old Clothes" platter and the scallops. The waiter made the decision easy for me. "Old Clothes" = very heavy meal, Scallops = light meal. I went for the scallops in a cream sauce with cheese, potatoes and vegetables. Absolutely delicious. The sauce was just creamy enough with a great flavor for the scallops. 
My friends had a whiskey steak and chicken stuffed with peppers and shrimp. I got to sample a little bit of everything and was very impressed. Each dish was served with black beans and rice. I wish we had room to try dessert, but we were so full from our meal...it just couldn't happen.
The service was good, but not the fastest. They were quite busy and we were chatting away, so it wasn't a big deal. The waiter did take his time to answer all of our questions, make recommendations and explain what was in each dish.
Mixto is a great spot to grab a meal/drinks. They also have outdoor seating, which is a huge plus with the great weather. We didn't want to wait 30+ mins for an outdoor table, but they seated us right in the front and opened up the glass doors, so it was just as good.For the amount of hype my friend gave this place, I found it disappointing in the quality of the food. I ordered a pork tenderloin dish which came out with the texture and flavor composition of leather. Thankfully our server was excellent. Their service really was a saving grace. I let him know about the food and he sent back the food and brought me out a recommendation that was very good. Otherwise the mojitos are great. I'd suggest a pitcher if you have 3 people at a table. This place is good but I wouldn't say I'd stop by regularly.I love this place! I've only been here for brunch -- but I have had many a brunch. The spicy bloody marys are fantastic and HIGHLY recommended. I've tried multiple things on the  menu and it is a hit or miss for me. The eggs benedict are great, empanadas are also really good but my favorite and go-to is the gallo pinto, which has a little bit of everything. One of the best brunch spots in Philly.To be honest, I wasn't that hungry when I visited. That being said, overall I had a pretty decent dining experience. 
It was my last night in Philadelphia before my vacation came to an end. Made reservations via OpenTable for 8:00 pm on a Saturday night. Got there an hour early but there were several open tables on the ground floor. At first the hostess hesitated a bit and said I may have to sit outside. I certainly did not want to dine outside so then she showed two open tables on the second floor, which was more to my liking.
There was a group of about 10 about two tables away from me and they were VERY loud. Any way I placed my order... Had the tropical mojito and the Arroz con Camarones which were both pretty good. 
Great, at tentative server (forgot his name).
Overall good experience... I'd go again.We had three appetizers. Guacamole, Beef Empanadas, and Shrimp in garlic sauce. All were excellent! For our main entree we had the filet mignon tips and pork Pernil! Both very flavorful and out of this world! Service was very good and waiter was knowledgeable about the food. I highly recommend this Latin American restaurant. Flavors  from Cuba, Spain, Argentina, Peru and Colombia.Every time I am in Philadelphia I come here. It has never disappointed me or my friends . Simply love it. Margaritas, , food, ambiance everything is perfect. Fabulous !The food was fantastic! I was a little skeptical because I had eaten Cuban food before when I was in Key West & it was just fried garbage. So I was really impressed and very satisfied by the end of my meal at Mixto. I had chicken with a mushroom cream sauce & the black bean soup. All of it delicious. The atmosphere is perfect and the service was great. Only problem was this place was SO authentic, that it was hard to understand the waiters sometimes. But that didn't take away from everything else.Food is fantastic. Brunch drink specials are great. Awesome for groups, no sports or tvs. Service was kinda bad. Music selection is fun.I've been here a bunch of times, but visiting twice in the past two weeks has inspired me to finally write a review. 
Great location. Upstairs/downstairs, bars on both floors. Cute, friendly hostesses. It's real cozy and comfortable in here. 
I always sit upstairs when I come here. I'm not entirely sure why. I've had dinners in groups of six or more here, I've also had dinners for two - it's always been an enjoyable time. 
The food is great, the atmosphere is great. That having been said, Mixto is casual in every sense of the word. It's elegant while absent the haughtiness of fine dining, with the warmth and authenticity of Latin comfort food. 
The menu has changed subtly a couple of times. The original ceviche dish they had was awesome. Almost one of those dream-worthy meals. You could choose your meat (halibut, octopus or shrimp) and it came in a nice-sized bowl. Now, the ceviche is a medley of all the meats together in a smaller portion. 
I'm more of a beer and shot guy, so I can't speak on the mojitos or margaritas. I've had dates that loved them, others that didn't think they were anything special. I did get to talking with people at the bar and the bartender and apparently they have a spicy mojito that is supposed to be very hot and very good. 
If it happens to be your M.O. on a given outing, there are few places better for drinks and appetizers. You're not getting your typical mediocre pub menu items here. In fact, the one thing which amazed me during my most recent visit was their Plato Mixto. This is what at other places you might call, a sampler platter. 
My date was pushing for the Plato Mixto. I wanted to get an assortment of individual appetizers. My logic being, a sampler dish typically gives you a couple of bites of maybe four or five different items. Hardly enough for two - right?
She won out and I'm glad. The Plato Mixto was awesome. It included eight different items and was beyond ample. Gluttons & binge-eaters aside, this thing is sufficient for dinner.
The empanadas, chorizo and chicarrones are all habit forming. If you enjoy Latin food and those items in particular, you will not be disappointed. The Sopa Valenciana is a great seafood dish. 
Would you like to enjoy yourself over a great meal in a relaxed comfortable environment? Go to Mixto. 
Just watch yourself on the stairs on the way out. ;)I've been here a few times and I've always been pleased.  Their bread is wonderful and so are their Mojitos!  I'm planning to go there this Saturday for brunch.Returning to this place after 5 years on a Sunday evening very bad meal mediocre Margareta with mix although waiter says not the case 
awful potato 
Generally bad stay awayGreat place for happy hour! 5$ margharittas and 5$ empanadas (the cheese ones are the best by far! Great for bar food!) 
Good service too, the guys at the bar are fast and friendly
This place is simply fun for happy hour, we find ourselves coming here almost every Thursday!Style points baby. Style points....
Great atmosphere, awesome waiter, wonderful mojitos and stellar Cuban delights. 
We were promptly seated on a cold Friday afternoon. Check one.
Waiter brought over our half priced mojitos and some awesome pan fried bread. check two.
my small group ordered a few apps and they were quickly brought out. All were pipping hot and delicious. I really liked the mussels and chorizo. The deep fried pork was pretty top notch too.
My main course meal was Pork Shoulder, rice and pigeon peas, and tostones (fried plantains). It was remarkable. Everything I ate was authentico. Growing up Puerto Rican I know the taste of real Caribbean food. This was it. 
5 stars and they did it with style. Shit, I am surprised the waiter didn't start salsa dancing my fiancee up. I don't think I would've minded.Order the margarita pitcher and you won't leave depraved of an enjoyable dining experience.  If you're going on a date, or even a group, and plan on drinking, it's a much better deal to pay 30 smackaroos for a pitcher (which is fairly sizable), than to each pay for a few individual drinks.
It's a pleasing and warm atmosphere, espesh in the spring and summer months when the weather is nice.  Outdoor seating and tall open windows give a nice breath of fresh air from Pine Street.  It does get a bit cramped in there when it's busy, and I have been bumped more than a few times by servers and fellow diners.  But patience is a virtue, and if you wait long enough, like I've had to for a server to even take my drink order, then you will be rewarded with a delicious meal.  
As far as it being "authentic", I cannot vouch for that entirely, having not had much experience with Columbian and Cuban cuisine.  But my palate and belly were pleased after my meals here.
The empanadas were nice and flaky, and just the right size for an appetizer.  Good deal, too.  The plantains bruschetta and plantains served with guacamole were delish as well.  The plantains are cooked nicely, and not to mush.  The vegetarian platter for an entree was very good.  It's definitely a full plate, encompassing a barrage of different flavors and textures.  There was almost a bit too much going on with this entree - seemed a bit scatterbrained, espesh in appearance - but the flavors are still very nice.  You don't have to be a vegetarian to thoroughly enjoy this plate.The food was good, the drinks were good, everything was good loved our experience. When we are back in Philadelphia this is one spot to visit again.their brunch was delicious. a little pricey but worth it. great bloody mary's and good service. very bright and airy inside. one downer was the noise. it was very noisy, but if you can get past that, then you'll enjoy it. 
very flavorful food and they don't skimp. you definately get a beautiful meal both visually and taste wise. 
for local center city residents its worth the walk.I stopped here for drinks so I didn't eat but the Peach Sangria was ! Will def come back!Mixto is a the go-to place if you have a large group of people and a last minute rsvp (thank you OpenTable). For some reason they can always seat big parties with ease! The food is always reliable, and their mojito pitchers are always a sureway to have fun (with a side of hangover in the morning). Food is good, atmosphere is great.Hit or miss here. I have been in the neighborhood for over a decade and still I never know what I am going to get. Service, quality, or even just a nice welcome. Not sure why I keep trying. 
Food quality is usually good if not better but it seems they lose all rules when they are busy And that is when they should be their best.Green plantain empanadas were light and fresh - the pork dishes were traditionally prepared and absolutely delicious.I had no idea this place had brunch. Came with a group and the hostess put us in front of the soccer game.  Great options off of the norm for brunch. And refreshing smoothies. I got the soursopFour stars just would not do.
I came here on a Wednesday night and I was immediately drawn in by the blue lights outside. There is seating outside, inside, and upstairs, and we were seated across from the hostess by a window. It's pretty loud, so I wouldn't bring anyone here on a first date, but perfect for date number two or three when it's okay to yell "HUH?" Without feeling rude. The decor is really cute and there's all kinds of little dainty interior finds to look at. Bathroom was extremely clean so kudos to that but there's only one stall. Eh
We started off with a double margarita (mango) and an appetizer - the plantain and guac. It was ridiculous - the margarita was very tasty but still strong, and the guac was heavenly. I wish there were more plantain chips but I usually wish that when the food is good. I got the Arroz con camerones (shrimp) and that was just as tasty. The server was on point, the music was on point, and all in all it was a delightful experience. 
**** A plate can be between $15-$36 so just be mindful before you're seated ! Luckily for me it was a treat!Awesome mojitos (a dozen to choose from) and Sangria
Awesome food
The Charrasco Argentino is one of the best steaks I've ever had.  It is so good I've recommended it at least a dozen times and most people give me the same "oh my god this steak is like the best I've ever had" line.  I love their Ropa Vieja, their rice and beans are great.  I've not had a bad meal or experience here.
I've enjoyed Mixto at least a dozen times and the reason for my 5 stars is every setting has been awesome over the past 6 years.  I was there a few weeks ago with 5 people (you need 6 or more for a reservation) and was seated, attended and well fed.  Our waitress was prompt, meals came out fast and hot and everyone had a fantastic time.  
The cuban palace is two stories, a bar on both floors.  They have outside seating and generally the wait isn't too bad at peak times.  
Some of the waiters can be tough to understand, but pointing at the menu always worked for me!This is my favorite Philly restaurant for the following: reliably good food, nice atmosphere, downtown but off the beaten path, and sangria by the pitcher.  I've been here a million times and I'm the first to admit maybe it's a little over priced and the service is friendly but not awesome. But it's a quality experience for date night or a large group. 
Let me recommend the paella, which comes in servings for one or two share. It's a huge portion either way and it's hard to find on a lot of other menus. For appetizers the guacamole and plantain chips is a must. Be careful not to fill up on the yummy table bread.  
I love some of the other Latin places in town too but when I crave Mixto.My favorite place in the city to eat. Incredibly priced. Brunch here is my favorite meal by far. Even though it gets crowded the atmosphere is always pleasant. Can't say enough good things about Mixto.The service here is amazing!
The hosts here are not only beautiful, but they are very accommodating.
The Calamares Fritos was a great way to start. I was really hopeful for the rest of my meal.
My boyfriend loved his Salmon al la Parrilla...so much that he didn't even let me try it!
The tres leche cake tasted like Heaven in my mouth.
The Tilapia Mango however, just wasn't anything to get out of bed for. It tasted dry and improperly cooked. It definitely could've used a sauce. I could've had a V8!awesome place for delicious, relatively authentic food. i had dinner with a friend one evening. i ordered the sangria and the ropa vieja because the latter dish is, hands-down, one of my favorite cuban dishes. the ropa vieja was fantastic. there was a healthy portion of meat with a side of rice and beans. with the sangria, i had more than enough food. (i was particularly hungry that evening since i had missed lunch so i was able to eat the entire entree, but if i had been more sated, i would have easily been able to box half to take home.)  my friend enjoyed her scallop entree and was able to make a substitution (salad for rice and beans) without an extra charge. 
prices are reasonable. the dining space is nice, and there is optional outdoor seating.Vegetarian Paella was very mediocre.   
3.5 for atmosphere.   
T.G.I. Friday's quality food and drinks.
I would drink here again.  Eat elsewhere.This review makes me sad because I love MIXTO!  The arroz con pollo and the mango salad with salmon and the camerones...I've been coming here for many years.  I went for dinner last week and was really disappointed with my food.  I ordered the tequila salmon and it came out room temperature (almost cold) with yellow rice and black beans which were similarly lukewarm and sweet plantains which never arrived.  I told the server about the salmon and he brought me out another piece of grilled salmon which was better but that time I wasn't even hungry anymore. And my drink was nearly alcohol-less.  It was a sad day for me at Mixto...but everyone has an off day...I will return again and give them an opportunity to redeem themselves!I was pretty devestated when "Two Sisters" closed (anyone??) and was quite skeptical when rumors began to spread of a Cuban restaurant occupying the space. Soon after opening, Mixto became one of my favorite all-purpose restaurants in Philly. I have been to several other Cuban restaurants in the city and have found Mixto to be the only one worth revisiting. I've been there for all kinds of occasions--a romantic date, brunch with Mom, a large birthday party, late night cocktails at the bar. The staff is incredibly accomodating for large groups, mostly due to great use of the expansive two-storied space. Party of 12? No reservation? Right this way! 
The entrees are generous in size, not-overly spicy, and consistently good. The mojitos are delicious and a tad sweet, albeit dangerously potent. My only real hesitation for not visiting Mixto more regularly is my tendency to over-indulge while there. It is pretty much guaranteed that I will leave stuffed and slightly drunk.Jason makes an event delightful. Quick, knowledgeable & FRiENDLY bartender in spite of crazy wedding reception. Very good food items on 2nd floor.  Managers Isabel and Magali are exceptional for helping clients & heading off "situations"
If I could hire them I would for their savvy & f'ng great work ethic!!!!!!Great strawberry coconut mojitos, or as the bartender called them "stroconut" flavored. The guacamole was great too, but come for the best mojitos in philly.(Happy Hour review only) Mixto has a pretty standard Happy Hour menu - $3 beers, $5 mojitos/margaritas, and $5 plates. My boyfriend likes the margaritas and I really like the mojitos - and they don't skimp on the alcohol for Happy Hour at all! The guacamole is pretty good and comes with plantain chips for dipping. The cheese empanadas aren't my favorite - tastes like it has ricotta in there and really wants to be a stuffed shell when it grows up. I'm mostly pescatarian so we haven't tried the beef or chicken ones yet - those may be better options. The shrimp skewers are delicious but at 4 shrimp for $5 ... eh! We've also tried the mussels and those were yummy. 
We have eaten happy hour on the tables outside, but this most recent time we were there only had happy hour at the bar. The windows/doors were all open so it still felt like we were outside and we got a great seat on the ledge overlooking the dining room so we could people watch. 
Also, if you're dining there when the bar is crowded, I suggest a table closer to the windows or outside. I accidentally kicked the wall under the ledge any time I needed to move around and I imagine that isn't fun for the people whose faces are right near that wall on the other side trying to enjoy their dinner.
It all ends too soon at 6:30! Overall, a decent happy hour spot that we do keep coming back to, but would be nice to see some different food options pop up once in a while. And I wish it lasted until 7! I always feel crunched for time though I guess getting there at 5:45 doesn't help us!I don't normally  post on yelp but I was extremely disappointed with the overall experience that we had today at Mixto. I've been here before for brunch and thought everything was outstanding. However today was a different story. We went in for a quick bite and drinks for happy hour, something we don't normally get to enjoy very often because we are similarly in the industry.  From the host, to the food, to the service it was all extremely disappointing. 
I don't know if it was because we asked for happy hour, but the host was extremely unwelcoming and dismissive when i asked for a happy hour menu after being sat outside. We ordered four plates of food and it was disappointing to say the least. I completely understand that it's happy hour so the portions are going to be smaller but the quality of them shouldn't be less. 
The service wasn't terrible  but I guess that's because I was being understanding for being in the industry.Mixto's is a Latin American restaurant off of South street with a fun, energetic vibe.  I love going here for ladies night or a romantic dinner - not often can you find a spot that serves both purposes.
I highly recommend the mango tilipia, empanadas, chicken soup and cubano cubed chicken (I think that's what it is called).  Make sure you order it all with the arroz con guandules.  Oh and the mango mojitos are THEE best!  They also have yummy bread that is dipped in butter and fried..........YUM!
The (2) things that keeps me from giving this 5 stars is that parking is horrible - so plan ahead.  The 2nd is that the service is hit or miss.  Sometimes you get a good server and other times they are mediocre.....but the food does help to make up for this.  Enjoy!Good food but below average service. Came here on a Sunday night with a few friends. The place wasn't too busy so we were sat immediately. Our waiter was a little standoffish from the start but we chose to ignore it. We ordered our drinks and food and they both took forever to arrive. Our waters were also never refilled unless we asked for them to be refilled (they sat empty at the table for a long while before we had to ask). The bread and food also took forever to arrive considering it was fairly empty in the restaurant. Food was good, but not great enough for me to ignore their average service. 
Won't be coming back here. Their prices are a little high for sub par service.Came here once for a friend's birthday a couple of weeks ago. I heard the Ropa Vieja was good from yelp, so decided to try it, but honestly it was nothing special. 
The atmosphere was nice and it was a great place to have a birthday dinner, just wished I got something else. My friend got the Pernil Rostisado (with Pork Chop) and it was very good. I will get that next time.I've gone to mixto now for both happy hour and dinner - both were great experiences.
For happy hour, I tried a Mojito and Margarita. Both tasted good, nothing special, but were relatively well priced at $5 each. I also tried their beef and chicken empanadas and both were amazing!! Highly highly recommend. Again, for happy hour, it's only $5 dollars for 3 pretty good sized pieces. 
For dinner, I again had the chicken empanadas because this has to be my favorite from this restaurant, but at $6 for two pieces, it's kinda pricy. It was nice though that they give bread to the table, so you really don't even have to order an appetizer if you're on a budget. For my main entree, I ordered the "bandeja tipica" and let me tell you, if you are a meat eater or just really hungry, this is the plate to get. It comes with 4 kinds of meat, rice, beans, plantains, avocado, an egg, and a cornmeal type thing. Overall, I enjoyed the plate and had enough to take home and eat the next day. My friend had the "montuno de lechon" and unfortunately, as much as I liked my dish, both of us agreed her plate was way too salty. 
Our waiter was nice and the food came out relatively quickly for how busy the place was. Also, I don't know how long they'll have the promotion for, but if you check in with yelp and subscribe to their mailing list, you get 10% off your check! (Which we did).Went here a few times for happy hour and dinner. The food was delish, and the mojitos were strong and delicious. Great happy hour specials.This place is really fantastic for happy hour.  They have 1/2 off margaritas and mojitos till 7PM.  The bartenders are extremely friendly and the place wasn't too crowded.
The crispy pork bites were so delicous that when one flew out of my mouth onto the floor, I considered for a brief moment to pick it up and eat it.   The plaintain chips and gaucamole and the ceviche were also amazing.  I will definitely be returning back here for happy hour.Much delicious.
So Latin food.
Very wow.
The mofongo con camarones could use a few more shrimp and a bit more creole sauce (which is served on the side). Otherwise it's very tasty and apparently the best and most authentic mofongo you can get in the city. 
The boy went with ropa vieja, a favorite of his growing up in Puerto Rico. (He did explain that it's a Cuban dish, though.) He let me try and I was hooked. The steak is extremely tender and so flavorful!
I got the scallops. I'm a sucker for scallops and wow: I'm in love with Mixto's. The scallops were huge and cooked to absolute perfection, and the sweet corn cream sauce went really well with the scallops and accompanying vegetables. 
This place is amazeballs.Had a very nice dinner at Mixto last night and I can't stop thinking about my meal. Their menu is wide-ranging and I did have a little difficulty settling on what to order. We started with the beef empanadas which were good (a little greasy but not too greasy) and the sauce it came with was nice and spicy. He ended up with the Arroz con Pollo Cubano for his entrée and it was amazing! It had the perfect amount of spices, very flavorful but not excessively so, and a good portion too. The service was great as well, we walked in on a busy night and they found a table for two right away. I'll be back soon.This place looks like it has so much promise, but my girlfriend and I ended up paying 60 dollars for dog food.
We started off with the guacamole.  The plaintain chips were stale.  The guacamole was served on a plate and looked like cat food that came out of a can.
Next we had the plato mixto.  Everything was either really dry and bland or dry and burnt.  
Then we had the Arroz con Pollo Cubano.  The rice was dry.  The chicken was dry.  The sausage was dry.  It honestly tasted like they bought one of those premade meals from the super market and charged me $16 dollars for it.  
Needless to say, we were very disappointed and ended up giving the leftovers to our dog.Firstly I would like to say the food here is amazing. I truly hate writing a bad review because I've been here many times before during the day for brunch/lunch at the downstairs bar with no issues; as well as during restaurant week last year. 
Saturday night was the first time I had dinner at Mixto with a group for dinner. We had 6 people altogether and a table reservation for 915pm. We waited 20 minutes after our reserved time in which we were told "the table we wanted to give you the group has been here 2.5 hours". We were not seated until around 9:50pm.. once seated we asked for a pitcher of mojitos which was forgot about. When we mentioned it again 10 minutes later we were asked "what flavor we wanted, again?" Another 10 minutes later we speak with a manager about the service and wait and she casually just asks "what flavor mojito?" 
It was a friends' birthday dinner so we spoke about having a comp or something for the service in which they gave us a round of tequila. Our Mixto app and our dinners were beginning to make up for the wait and poor service. They even brought out a cake with candles for the birthday guy. 
Once we were ready to close out we were told the bill could only be split with 2 credit cards (we got approved for 3) we split the bill evenly amongst the 6 of us to make it easier. When we received our credit card slips I quickly realized we were charged $20 more on the cards. We let the waiter know and he grabbed our cards up quickly and said "I'm going to need these. I have to fix something." We then waited an additional 15 minutes for them to reimburse our cards and recharge the correct amounts. 
We were there for about 3 hours.. half of that waiting. I'm not sure what happened Saturday night. I know it's tough when it's busy but no one seemed to be too concerned, not even management.  I work in the industry and I was very surprised at how bad the service was. I really liked Mixto, but I'm not sure that my friends and I will be back anytime soon.Can't understand the positive rating of this place. None of the food we ate was restaurant quality. The plantain tostini was a tasteless fried piece of nothing smothered in melted cheese. The baked chicken stuffed with shrimp and peppers reminded me of the lunch served in my elementary school and the mango tilapia was a flavorless pan seared tilapia with a few pieces of mango laying next to it. No reason to come here. There are a number of good Latin American restaurants in the city.MIxto ruined my rehearsal dinner. Yes, ruined it. 
We scheduled our rehearsal dinner here MONTHS in advance. They knew we were coming, there is no excuse for the lack of attention and service we received at Mixto. We went with a set menu, again, we decided on the menu at least 3 months in advance, there should have been very little room for error, however, Mixto completely blew us off and I could never recommend this restuarant for any large groups, or any size group for that matter.
Reasons being:
1) We sat down at 7pm. We did not recieve our appetizers for another hour. Again, we had a set menu- we did not order anything at Mixto, it was all decided in advance. 
2) salads came out no less than 30 minutes after the appetizers were FINISHED, and the dressing came out 15 minutes after the salad. So when they put the dressing down for us to use, we were all done our salads, and realized at that point why they tasted so bad. 
3) The dinner entree came out another hour after, and they completely forgot our mashed potatoes, which my MIL had specifically requested. She had even called in advance to make sure we would get them, they said we would, but we didn't. By the time the food came out, my appetite was completely gone and I didn't eat anything. My diabetic friend had to leave since his blood sugar had dropped. 
I had spoken with ALL of the managers here beforehand, and they were all accomodating at first, but none of them followed through in the execution of our event. I am so disappointed in Mixto, they really dropped the ball on this one. We will never return.Happy hour was fantastic. Awesome service by Liliana. Great happy hour menu. Will be back!Food is mediocre at best. Drinks are pretty good. I've come here before and have been disappointed in the food. So this time I thought I'd get a salad because how could you mess that up? Well they managed to serve me a $12 salad which consisted of a lump of spinach with a nut on top. The waitress also threw the check at me . This place is a suburban restaurant like Bahama breeze but in the city ... with city pricesI've been to Mixto for brunch only, but if that's all you need, this IS IT!  Delicious Cuban and Latin American influences make these dishes out of this world!  Whether you want a simple (yet beautiful) bowl of oatmeal with fresh fruit or a whole plate full or eggs, rice and beans, bacon or chorizo, avocado, and fried cheese (yes, that was all just one plate), Mixto satisfies all sized appetites!  On top of all of that, the drinks (alcoholic and non) are muy satisfying: mojitos, bloody marys, and gigantic cups of coffee will all help you wake up on a weekend morning.  I'm always happy after making a trip to Mixto!Had a great meal here last weekend. Wow.  Happened to find it while out walking, and decided to stop in for lunch. So glad we did. The food was amazing. Had chicken soup and a grilled chicken and veggie plate with rice. Husband had some type of lobster/shrimp soup and loved it. Delicious. The veggies were just perfect. Chicken was tender and flavorful. Everything was great. Will definitely go back. Soon I hope.Not comming back. Period. Even after spending a big amount on the tap, very unreasonable staff.Awesome Latin America food. We ordered the Bandeja Paisa and Plato Mixto. Very authentic and delicious. The price is very good for the portions as well. The Guanaba juice was perfect.This is probably closer to a 3.5 star review. We arrived in time for happy hour, which meant $5 mojitos and margaritas, $5 guac with plantain chips, and $2 pinchos (meat skewers). The skewers were a good deal -- three of them, one each shrimp, chorizo/arepa and steak/peppers. The drinks were acceptably strong. The guac was nothing special, but perfectly acceptable.
Our gluten free friend got the lamb chops, the vegetarian got the paella, I had Montuno de Lechon, and others had scallops and the Parillada de Carne (giant plate of meat over hot coals -- I want 'parillada' to mean 'parade,' as it was definitely a parade of meat, but alas, it just means 'grill'). Everyone finished their food (except me, but I'll eat it today). The boy says the paella was a little dry, and more veg-friendly options would've been nice. My pork was quite rich and succulent, and I loved the sweet corn tamale. The prices of everything seemed a touch high.
Service was efficient and friendly, we got seats without a problem early in the evening, but it definitely picked up, so reservations are recommended on weekends.I love Mixto in the summertime. Gazpacho, empanadas and a mojito or margarita is exactly what I want on a warm summer evening, and Mixto delivers. In fact, I have been known to drag friends there in the middle of winter so we can forget about the cold for awhile. When it's warm, try to sit by the big open window downstairs if you can, but upstairs is perfectly fine too.
Margaritas are served in a giant bucket of a glass, but they're well made and interesting if you want to venture beyond the basic recipe  - I like the one with Chambord. Mixto does great with mojitos, caipirinhas and their specialty cocktails, too. I haven't had a bad drink there.
Aside from my usual empanadas and gazpacho (which is excellent and comes with delicious guac and plantain chips), vegetarians have several apps, salads, black bean soup, and a feast of a vegetarian platter to choose from. I've liked everything I've tried.
Now, the downside - service. I don't think I've ever been to Mixto without experiencing some kind of service hiccup: an order coming out wrong, a bill that doesn't account for happy hour, a disappearing server. However, the issues are always minor and resolved relatively easily, and the drinks and food are good enough to keep me coming back.Big disappointment.
I'd heard really good things from a friend of mine. We finally went one night recently and I couldn't have been more underwhelmed.
The mojitos were great, but they should be. The food, on the other hand...oh, the food. I wanted so badly to like it, but everything just fell short. We started with the chicken and beef empanadas. Neither was great, and the beef filling tasted off. The dipping sauces weren't even memorable. Then I had the lemon chicken. Let me rephrase: Then I paid $19 for a chicken dish that I could have blown out of the water with the ingredients I have in my fridge, and I'm in desperate need of going to the grocery store.
Bottom line: Go somewhere else.Mixto ,Mixto I swear you have my someones grandmother slaving in kitchen...... I hope you treat her well  J/K The foods here is so authentic so flavorful and  presented so beautifully I'd wish i'd live closer to eat all my meals here. 
The service sometimes is lacking in attentiveness ....  but they are always so packed and busy I completely understand, besides my tastebuds are in food heaven is its ok If my server isn't checking on me :) 
Every thing here is delicious. Brunch - Lunch- Dinner- Deserts- and the drinks alcoholic and non,they have great tropical fruit juices and shakes.
Overall a- must in philly!A great place for a summer brunch date with your love. Getting seated and served can take a very long time ( -1 star), from my experience, 5 - 20 min, even when its a slow day, but this could be a good thing if you know ahead of time.
They have a very distinct flavor and once you try it, you'll know that most of the things on the menu will stay in that palate range. They also have lovely outdoor seating, but it doesn't seem like it meets code with Philly's zoning regulations - I could see a biker or a pedestrian running into the tables very easily, but hey its Philly, so who cares, right?
Little things matter. They don't put too much attention into what you ordered. Example - your order of over-medium eggs will be runny with some whiles slightly uncooked ( -1 star).
environment - 5
food - 3
service - 2
location - 5Eh. Fun place to go with a bunch of friends. The drinks are good, the appetizers are quite good, but I ordered the ropa vieja and holy crap I have never left that much food on my plate ever. It's a huge dish, so good for sharing but not good for one person. It was surprisingly dry, and the balance of the dish basically made it taste basically like old clothes. I did love the maduros (plaintains) so that was at least some form of redemption. I think I ordered the complete wrong thing on the menu, but come on! Ropa Vieja is such a classic Latin dish - what happened??Great cozy place! Went there for happy hours and the food portions were large . Price was great!
Had dinner there too--- had the salmon which I recommendI'm so glad I returned here after a mediocre experience years ago. My recent dinner was pretty much perfect.  My date and I had each ordered two courses and 3 drinks between us to come to a very reasonable bill, considering the neighborhood. 
The traditional Gazpacho del Dia, tomato, was like summer in a bowl. I want to return just for this!  The baby spinach salad was as good as any place while the entrees were super great.  My date had an interesting tuna dish I found to be good, and Im not a fan of tuna.  I am however a huge lamb fan and ordered the Grilled Lamb Chops dish with concern that it might not be suffice for my appetite; I was wrong.  I fell in love with this since it had three hearty double ribbed chops, on a pile of the most rich risotto with asparagus, pineapple, mushrooms, artichokes and parmesan. It was prepared with layers of flavor that had me in awe.  
So, yeah, I'll be no stranger here.I came here with my family the day I moved into Philadelphia. We arrived at an in between time and the staff was very nice to let us order off the brunch menu rather than the dinner menu. We all shared a variety of sandwiches and salads. They had some gluten-free options for my girlfriend and we had a lovely meal sitting by the window after a hard days work. I would like to come back for dinner. My gf went for dinner with a friend visiting from out of town and they both really enjoyed their meal. I got the benefit of some leftovers that they brought home. The happy hour menu also looks like it is worth a try.This place has amazing South American and Caribbean food. Prices are reasonable, especially for drinks. Would recommend the paella and the octopus appetizer. Four stars only because service can sometimes be a little slow.Went here for a Saturday brunch and was totally underwhelmed.  While reading the Yelp reviews, I figured to try out some of the dishes and drinks as every one was raving about this place.
I did the brunch portion of the day, and from reading on Yelp, I heard the brusetta was something to try especially since people were raving about it.  Apparently normal menu is not served until 3 pm (arrived around 2 pm-ish) but the waiter said he'll check with the kitchen and never said whether or not they can do it.
Waiter comes back, no mention about the brusetta (but ok you carry on) and takes our order.  My husband wanted a sandwich and obviously the food comes with a description and wanted the sandwich without Mustard... 
Apparently the server told us all the sandwiches were premade?  That was a bit alarming thinking they made all of their food on the spot and to have a sandwich premade caught us off guard but hey, maybe it was just the brunch menu that was that way?  Totally killed the buzz for my husband here but he tried it away...
I ordered the vegetable sandwich, which was good and temperature was hot.  I would have liked some feta or goat cheese on the sandwich which would have blended the flavors together but overall was decent, but nothing outstanding.
The only positive review I can give this place is the atmosphere was upbeat, and their Bloody Marys were delicious.  I wish they had larger olives but hey can't ask for much since they were $5 during brunch.
Mixto was ok, service could have been a bit more personable instead of greeting you, taking your order, and then checking in on you for the check.  
You're not missing out on much here for food, other Cuban/Spanish tapas restaurants in the area to suffice your mood.  Most likely not going to return.We go to Mixto a lot, mostly because our out of town friends find it exciting and fun.   And they have wonderful, brisk summer drinks; Mixto makes a great place to start a night on the town.
Food at Mixto can be hit or miss.  Their pork and choirzo is definitely good, but the chicken and seafood can be rather bland.   Appetizers are a good mix and worth getting a few to share - try the chicharrones (crispy pork) and ceviche (fish salad).  The empendas are tasteless and dry, so stick with the salads and other fresh choices.
I was disappointed with their brunch.   It was the standard egg choices, poorly executed.
Drinks are excellent, including of course the mojitos and Caipirinhas.  For brunch, the bloody marys are among the best in the city.We went out for a girls night on a Saturday and were excited about trying someplace different.  I cannot say that I would want to go back again.  The concept was solid but the execution left much to be desired. 
Check in - We had reservations and were greeted by a friendly front end team and were immediately seated.
Server - Patient with allowing us to decide what to order.  I do not know if there were any specials that night or not as none were mentioned.  The place was quite crowded and the server seemed a bit overwhelmed (dropped a few items while we were there).
Pisco Sour - These were good.  Although I ordered a regular and my friend ordered the passion fruit, we both ended up with passion fruit.  As the server looked to be a bit overwhelmed I didn't fuss about it and did not ask for a replacement. 
Chicharrones de Cerdo - Fatty.  Very fatty. With a description of crunchy pork bits these missed the mark.  They were so fatty in fact that some could not be chewed, and we didn't finish them. 
Guacamole - Pretty standard guacamole.  We enjoyed it.  The plantain chips were crisp 
Ropa Vieja and Pernil Rostisado - This is where things went very wrong.  There was no depth of flavor.  In fact, the only flavor was salt.  It was so salty that we couldn't eat it.  It was as if someone poured salt over it after cooking, forgot they salted it and added more.  No amount of mixing or eating with the sides could correct that.  We both ended up taking the food home with the hope of being able to fix it so that it could be eating another day.  
Bread - The bread came with the dinner and we tried to use it to play against the saltiness (as the bread was slightly sweet tasting) but even that couldn't save the main dishes. 
We did not try dessert as we were under a time constraint.  
I do not know if it was the dishes we selected or just an off night, but I won't be back again to find out.I believe Mixto has some of the best mojitos in town, which is why we have gone regularly even despite the higher prices for their food items. However the service here is very very mixed and we were offended by the way several employees including the manager addressed us tonight. Our server was fantastic and the drinks and the food were great- we ordered a lot of items and had been there about an hour and a half when the server cleared our plates and asked if we wanted dessert. We declined but ordered another round of drinks instead. When another staff person brought us the drinks soon after, he was incredibly rude. As he handed is the drinks (which were probably $10 each mind you), he without any sense of apology or finesse told us that there was a reservation in 20 minute so we needed to be gone by then. We were taken aback but didn't even this very seriously since it wasn't our server, we hadn't even been given the bill yet and really he just seemed like a stray misoginistic employee oddly empowered to address us (a table of three women) in that manner. About 15 minutes later, we were about halfway through our drinks when the hostess came over and said: "I don't mean to be disrespectful but those people over there have been waiting 20 minutes for this table." I was annoyed at this point since there were visible empty tables less than 2 yards away, plus we had been purchasing food and drinks not sitting idly at this table. I told her that we had ordered and paid for the drinks and if they had wanted to get rid of us they should have told us then rather than take our money." She didn't say anything more just walked away. Rude. I have taken up the habit of fighting against the indoctrinated instinct to just capitulate in the face of such situations because I am a women. I also feel like there is no way we would have been treated in this way had we been a table of all men or even with a single man there. A few minutes later, the manager came over and asked us to move to the bar. Maybe if this had been the first approach to the situation we would have felt better. It was a reasonable request. However at this point we were done with drinks and about to get up anyways. We told the manager we felt disrespected by the fact that he was the third person to come over to us to basically tell us to leave without good reason since there were available tables and we paid about $220 in the about two hours we had been there for the food and drink we were finishing up. In fairness to the manager he then offered a free drink at the bar which we declined. I find it frustrating that a restaurant would approach this situation in this manner and honesty feel the actions were sexist at their core. It's not our problem that you booked tables in a weird way or that for some reason you don't want to seat this waiting group at one of the other visibly available tables. The experience left a very bitter taste and I don't think we will be returning any time soon. I don't like being treated like a doormat. Especially not after we have been polite patrons spending unreasonable amounts of money but sitting at our table for a reasonable amount of time. It always feels awkward to push back as a female customer but I think it's critical. I doubt the situation led to any meaningful change in the way Mixto handles these situations in the future. So if you are a woman and you dine there, be prepared to do it quickly and to feel pressured rudely by various staff to not take too long, kinda like a shitty boyfriend who wants you to orgasm faster.Pretty disappointing experience but not terrible. The service was super friendly and it has a unique decor, but there were pretty much no specials during happy hour, the menu isn't cheap, and the best thing they have is their bread, which is closer to garlic bread or Texas toast than it is to something with Spanish influences. 
The guacamole was very average; the plantain chips were a nice touch, but the guac itself was mushy with no real flavor really beyond the avocado itself. 
My salad with mango and tomatoes was light and enjoyable, but it was sooo small. There was pretty much one slice of a mango and so few tomatoes that I could count them with one hand. Refreshing sure but it left me close to as hungry as I was before the dish.Awesome for brunch.  Go for the (whichever meat you like) and eggs.  So far my fav is the Shredded Beef, Eggs, Potato's with a Cafe con Leche.  Nice space, I really like the paintings.  Very authentic.  Also, homophobes probably shouldn't come here since its in a predominately gay neighborhood in philly.My husband and I first went to mixto for our 8year anniversary and loved it. We were sat right away upstairs in an intimate little corner, Table was candle lit with a yellow rose. We shared the appetizer Plato mixto &* it was the perfect size for us to share. The portions here are great! He had the Parillada de Carne he didn't want to stop eating it &* I had the salmon my plate was almost too pretty to eat but it was amazing. We also shared the tres leche de coco it came with coconut meringue cookies...to die for. We crave mixto now and can't wait to go back.Found this lovely place for brunch while wandering down Pine St. The food was well prepared and the service was friendly and efficient.It's been a few years since I've eaten at Mixto, which I discovered as the (upscale) version of Tierra Colombiana.  Either I had no discerning tastes the last time I ate here, or the quality has gone down hill.  
The margarita was so light on the alcohol, by the time the waitress to came to check on us by the end of the meal, the glass was still full.
The $9 ensalada feta could only be described as amateurish.  It was basically a big plate of undressed arugula -- generous in quantity, to be sure, but disproportionate to the elusive bits of feta and beets and a drizzle of fig syrup dressing.  I longed to ask for a large mixing bowl to give everything a good toss.  
The prevailing seasoning of the entree of pork chops in sauce, with accompanying rice and beans, was salt and tomato.  
This meal could have appeared in any mass appeal Mexican restaurant - with lower prices and lamented menus -- instead of the formal cardboard bound menus.  
The bachelorette party dining nearby seemed happy enough, though.It's rare for a place to be amazing for different types of meals, but Mixto is one of them. You'll have such a great time whether you come for brunch, dinner, or even happy hour.
For dinner, first off, there is something about the bread that is just amazing. We always ask for for refills. Our favorite dish there is to split the paella. Totally worth it! Absolutely amazing. Their mojitas and margaritas are both delicious.
Although drinks-wise, nothing compares to their sangrias! I've come with girlfriends just to split a pitcher and hang out. They offer white, red and sparkling pitchers, full of fruit and tasty goodness. 
Finally, after a crazy night out, come here for brunch and get their colombian frittata. Amazingness in a pan. Eggs, chorizo (I get substitute with turkey sausage), cheese and fried plantains. Make sure and get your smoothie too. I love the guanabana :) 
Philly is full of good eats but make sure you check out this one!Went into Mixto on a whim aided by the fact it was just around the corner from our hotel, and it was raining. Anyway a neat (though loud) restaurant with friendly service and good food. Toll the Serrano ham as an appetizer, surprised when it came out as a croquette nevertheless very tasty. Then I had (something) tipica -almost cheapest main dish at $17, but a good mix of steak, pork and rice/beans - highly recommended. My wife had pulled pork, also excellent. Good wine ( and a cocktail) to wash this all down. 4 stars rather than 5, as seating could have been better.I love Mixto! It is the perfect cute little restaurant for a date or a friend lunch/dinner/brunch. I always get the vegetarian platter with chicken, and it is the best because it has a bit of everything. I also really like their brunches, especially because it is not crowded. I would highly recommend trying this place if you've never been to experience a true, laid back, authentic, unhyped up Philly restaurant.
Now I'm craving plantains...=(
PS. The happy hour with $5 Mojitos is awesome!Every time I come to Philly, I want to make a trip to this restaurant.  Though it's a little pricey, it's not outrageous like a high end steakhouse or anything like that.  This time we went was on a date night.  There are two dinning floors, and on the weekends, the first floor turns into a dancing floor.  We haven't been here for that so we can't say how good it is, but we've heard great things.
The ambience here can be very romantic and very festive, really depending on the night.  The service is always good and the food always filling and amazing.  We had the empandas and the vaca frita and one other dish (can't remember).  But we do remember how good everything tasted.  Between the two of us, we couldn't really finish the food, it was just too filling.  Definitely worth a visit if you can reserve a table ahead of time, otherwise there'll be a wait.We've been to Mixto several times before and was always satisfied. This time however I left dissatisfied. It started when we ordered drinks. My wife and I ordered Corona Light Drafts but then we were served with Corona Extra  bottles. I told the waiter we had requested light drafts and he responded they were out of that so he substituted the bottles. No big deal but next time just tell us. We were a party of 7 so it was a fairly big order and sometimes they are hard to handle. There is no excuse however for bringing 1 dinner out pretty quickly and then having to wait around 30 minutes for everyone's else's. 
   The quality of the food served was just not up to what I have experienced in the past at Mixto. My dish wasn't really hot and nobody was especially thrilled with their entrees. The lobster in the paella was over cooked. It had to dug out of the shell with a fork and was flavorless. 
I did not complain on site... I did not want to ruin my family's special event. I have recommended this restaurant many times but now am hesitant. I post this review to alert Mixto that the service and food might be slipping...please take a look at what's happening. We want to be your fans!!!Amazingggg place. 
The ceviche appetizer was perfect, not too sour. The Arroz con Camarones was creamy & perfectly seasoned. One of my new fav dishes now. 
The Montuno de Lechon was good, but not my fav. The pork wasn't so tender, but the rice & maduros (plantains) were good. I love plantains!! Had the peach Sangria, was pretty strong lol. Thank you bartender. 
Would definitely come back again & againI LOVE THIS PLACEEEE the food is awesome!! I wish it wasn't SO expensive and I wish I would have known about the upstairs sooner because the downstairs is way to small!! I always take things to go because of the small space but now the upstairs is my place to go ... Everyone must try this place I love the food and the appetizers are amazingggThe Colombian Frittata was awesome! Very flavorful and filling. Though the food was great, the service was just terrible, which completely took away from the experience. We waited 20 minutes for our check and then the server never returned to pick it up so we actually had to take it up to him, 30 minutes later.Great brunch spot. My favorite is the Cuban breakfast. It's delicious, filling, and definitely hits the spot after a night out.Delicious cuban cuisine, lovely ambiance and impeccable service! What more can you ask for? Oh and reasonably priced including daily drink specials service with top shelf liquors. 
My husband located this gem via Yelp!  We ate lilke a king/queen and can't wait to go back.First off let me say that the drinks are phenomenal.  I started off with the mango margarita which was delicious but did not even begin to compare with the caipirinhas.  Strawberry, guava, regular, whatever, all phenomenal.  Also, my friend got a mojito which she seemed to enjoy.  
The food was good, but not as awesome as the drinks.  The smoked salmon salad was a little salty, but anything with chicken or pork seems to be a hit (according to my other dining guests).  Also, plantain chips and calamari were pleasant dinner starters.
satisfying.  charming atmosphere.  you should probably go.I love this place. From the ambiance to the food. It's all perfect. The skirt steak I ate was cooked to perfection. This place is going to be a regular place for me.Great place, great atmosphere, can definitely be loud and upbeat at certain times.  Yummy food!  Service can be a bit rushed on peak hours but the food is delish and would definitely go back!enjoyed my margarita built-for-two. also enjoyed not being judged for ordering it for myself. tried ropa vieja with sweet plantains, black rice. the food was good but i didnt care for the red beans too much.
i went on a thursday night the people watching was a good time, and our server was kind but made himself scarce. will probably return for the mango margarita and to look at the cute bartender(s).Excellent all of the way around! Food was delicious and portions were surprisingly large. Service was excellent- attentive, our water glasses were full the whole time (how I measure service). Environment was great. Also, while it is not the cheapest place, prices are very reasonable for what you get. We had an appetizer, an entree each, a bottle of wine, and desert.  I will be back here as often as I can!!!BRUNCH: Man do they have some crispy bacon. Booze, outside, no wait.Food is delicious and service is great. You get very good portions for what you're paying. The waiter was always on the lookout for our empty water glasses and bread basket. Will definitely return again just for the chicharrones!Brunch started with two outstanding cups of orange juice. The Colombian frittata was a bit much for the missus - she didn't care for the sweet plantain mixed in with the white cheese and spicy sausage, but I Hoovered it up. Similarly, the mixto plate with beef, cheese, eggs and beans was a bit deconstructed for my taste, but she seemed to really enjoy it. Cafe con leche was good, but not up to Alma de Cuba's standard. Solid performer in a nice setting. Very nice staff.Food was excellent, but the Friday night outdoor service was slow.  Shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes for a drink you end up cancelling because you have to leave to get to the movies on time.  If you are not super hungry the Mixto Plato is an excellent choice for a sampler of the restaurant's fare.Came back to Mixto in April (with a very special guy who had never tried their food)... it was great, he loved his food and so did I. It was a busy Saturday and the weather was awesome so there were lots of people out, but they were able to seat the two of us at a nice little table immediately-no wait. Will definitely be back again. Good service and good food & drinks!Mixto does serve some of the best Latin American food in the city. Definitely try the fish dishes and the salads. I don't give it five stars because it can be very loud in there, and its sister restaurant Tierra Columbiana is the real deal in North Philly.I decided to upgrade my review on Mixto.  And I don't give out 5 stars haphazardly.  This was a great dining experience.  I've been coming to Mixto since if opened eight years ago.  Yes, there were some growing pains, but the management has endeavored to make improvements which have made the place more endearing and wonderful.  
First, the entry.  I don't make lines at restaurants, period.  If someone tells me that I have to stand for an hour to wait for a table, they can go to hell.  And lose me for ever.  Some of the popular places in Philadelphia, even more in DC, and just about all at Snowshoe Mountain think that this is good marketing.  Treat the masses to wait an hour wait and watch them salivate until the coveted table appears.  Baloney.  Well, Mixto has a great system even for a busy night.  You call them ahead and they tell you the expected wait time for a table.  So you put your name on the wait list while on the way to the restaurant and when you get there, your table is there ready.  We sat down al fresco immediately.  On a tres busy Saturday evening in the middle of restaurant rush hour.  Awesome...
Al fresco seating at Mixto has undergone a significant improvement.  I remember years and years ago when their seating was just a couple of squeaky tables open to the rain and the elements.  Now it's two rows of seating on the sidewalk with awesome patio umbrellas, string lighting decor and the works.   With its wonderful location in the middle of the Gayborhood, Mixto has a lot to offer to al fresco diners, and people watching in the middle of a great historical neighborhood is one of them.  
We began our faire with a pitcher of Caipirinhas and savored a glass while we waited for the Appetizer Mixto plate, a dinner in itself.  This is a foot-and a half-long tray with croquetas, tostones, chicharrones, arepas, and other assorted Cuban and Colombian treats.  Then we had our entrees, my partner had the pork chop a la Tropical and I had the Seafood Paella.  Both were outstanding.  The paella is a combined dinner in itself so it doesn't need any side dishes.   The pork came with rice, beans and a side of plátano maduros, my fav.  Meanwhile, the neighborhood/gayborhood was in full swing, with people all over, dogs, cars, you name it.  It was a wonderful experience....
We'll be back again... and again...I think Mixto should be renamed Meh-xto. Sure the maduros (sweet plantains) were out of this world but the pernil rostisado (roasted pork shoulder) was pretty bland and the ropa vieja (flank steak stew) was even worse; it tasted like something from a can from a dining hall back in the college days. The tres leches cake was pretty good at making us forget the entrees but it makes you wonder why the kitchen struggles with traditional dishes like these.I don't live in Philadelphia but I have been here twice. I would go every week if I lived there. We had 4 different entrees-all excellent! Service was superb! Unfortunately I can't take it with me.I love the atmosphere here in the summer, it's alright in the winter... Love happy hour margaritas but they seem to change according to the bar tender du jour. The guacamole with plantain chips is my favorite!!!Warning: this review is biased because I dont dig Cuban food. But this place is so close to me it's simply unavoidable. On the plus side, the margharitas and mojitos are magnificent - and they have big, yummy smoothies for when I am too hungover to drink! I have only been able to eat brunch here so far because I just have such a distaste for everything I've tried off the dinner menu...until I discovered the ceviche! It's served with plantain chips and big yummy shrimp. And I spied a nearby seafood platter that looked like it had to be good. So this place is definitely climbing the ladder in my book.My second time there.  My first visit several months ago was the one I would like to remember....this time it was too loud and service could be improved.  I realized that dishes have shrunk and prices have soared.  In spite of what I previously mentioned, it is a good place to try mostly Colombian dishes as they are nicely presented and are tasty.First brunch, now trying dinner here for the first time! So many options to choose from! Delicious coconut margarita!The Borrego was fabulous. The risotto and reduction sauce were amazing. Lamb was cooked perfectly. Everything we had was tasty and well prepared.Visiting Philly and not turned on by cheesesteak, I decided to try their take on Cuban, a new favorite of mine after visiting Miami. I know it's a bad idea to try and find something like that in the north, but I needed a pick me up. The $5 mojitos at happy hour were nice, but I wished I had been approached by my waitress during my meal to order another. The $1 empanadas were very good, the beef was exactly what I would expect down in Miami. For my entree I ordered the Montuno de Lechon, pork shoulder, rice and beans, yucca, sweet corn tamale, avocado and plantains. The pork was sadly on the dry, tough side. Sweet Corn tamale was too sweet, there was def a sweetener added to this. Every thing else was done perfectly, even the yucca which I don't normally enjoy.  I wish it came with more plantains, or that their was an option to order them as a side, they were fantastic. I decided to end my meal with a cafe con leche. It came to me completely unsweetened and really weak. So sad. 
I guess the real test for this food is how good it tastes after sitting out for 3 hours and ate with out utensils.It's ok but location isn't ideal unless you live in the neighborhood. The food was just ok and the decor/lighting was a bit tacky. Go elsewhere.I've been here a couple of times and to a couple happy hours...OK so first off brunch here is good try it you'll like it...Happy hour here is also great...although the happy hour menu is small it's great in flavor. One particular happy hour I was there with my friends and we had the WORST service. We sat at the high top tables downstairs ( I usually sit at the bar..there were no seats available). It took at least 20 mins for the waiter to acknowledge us and bring us menus and another 10-15 to bring our drinks! Although the waiter totally ignored us most of the time...looked at us like we had 3 heads when we asked if he could give the table a wipe as we moved the trash off the table..the poblano rellenos were worth some of the trouble! If I go back for happy hour I will sit at the downstairs bar (the upstairs bar is a little slow as well and they make the drinks too sweet)NOT the high top tables!Great atmosphere. Used to be one of my favorite Friday night dinner spots in the city. The food was bland and the bread was dry. I think the chef or something changed, because its not the mixto I remember. And to top it off, we left with bug bites all over our face and legsThey have great happy hour specials with $5 mojitos (classics only) and select appetizers that are nicely priced.  Dinner service is a little slow, but the food is delicious.  I highly recommend Mixto for summer happy hours though!I still think this place is quite unreliable....we got some ok dishes, but still poor appetizers and ridiculously expensive watery drinks... we were a group of 10 and dropped nearly $600 for essentially an entree each and a few pitchers of margarita. The place is kind of cute inside, but it's not worth the money!Very good service and good food.
The mojitos (especially the passion fruit mojito) are great!
Love the music and atmosphere.I don't know what took me so long to give this place a try! My mom, who spent a decent portion of her childhood in Colombia, suggested we check out Mixto for brunch one Sunday afternoon. We were so impressed, we came back the very next weekend for more! 
The restaurant is huge- 2 floors + outdoor seating, and it was packed! Beautifully decorated as well; very comforting. The menu is full of traditional dishes, with way too many options to make an easy decision. The drinks are HUGE. Seems like a great place to come back early evening for a few drinks before a night on the town. They bring this wonderful crispy, buttery bread to nosh on while you're waiting. I have to watch myself not to fill up on it. In my visits to Mixto, we've ordered the Crab Empanadas, Bandeja Tipica, Arroz con Camerones, Colombian Breakfast  & the Arepa Rellena. I was not too impressed with the arepa, but the rest of the dishes were muy delicioso! I find myself craving the Bandeja Tipica, which has all of the favorites cooked perfectly and authentically. The Arroz con Camerones was equally tasty, and I could see myself enjoying it on a cold winter night. I can't wait to come back. Just make sure to bring your appetite!I travel to Philly for work and always make a point to go here whenever I am in town. Food and drink are delicious!Mixto has been added to our brunch list!  The ropa vieja was awesome and the pineapple mojito was amazing.  Our party of 3 split an appetizer of a sweet plantain stuffed with beef and cheese.  It was also very, very good.  On Memorial day there was no crowd, but usually this place has lots of people sitting at their outside tables.  We will be returning for more food (yum) and happy hour!I've only been here once, and it was for a private event. We had the entire upstairs area. The staff are attentive and the table settings were nice.  Food options were a plenty, but i remember it not being anything super special.  I might want to give it another try though... maybe this time sit outside under an umbrella. I'll update my review when I do that!I picked this restaurant to celebrate my 25th birthday.  My guests and I absolutely loved the restaurant.  It is such a great place, and I cannot wait to eat here again.  The food is excellent, and the staff is incredibly friendly.  They were extremely accommodating to us and went out of their way to make our dining experience enjoyable.  I follow a vegan diet, and I had the vegetarian paella.  It was absolutely delicious.  I also had the guacamole as an appetizer, and it was also excellent.  My other guests had ropa vieja, red snapper, shrimp, and empanadas.  We can be very particular with food, but none of us had any complaints.  The atmosphere was also very nice.  I thought the restaurant would be a little noisy, but I was surprised to find that it was pretty quiet.  It was a wonderful dining experience, and I'm glad that I chose to come here for my birthday!My first visit to Mixto was for happy hour with "the girls". To be honest--I only really knew 3 of the girls out of the 8 or so of us that occupied their small bar area. Thankfully, their pitchers of sangria and sharable (and delicious!) half priced appetizers definitely made us fast friends!
The empanadas were really, really good and the guacamole (although small) was very tasty! They have a nice amount of outdoor seating available and all of the exterior windows in the front open up making this the perfect spot for a summer night.
I would highly recommend for Happy Hour! I'm already looking forward to our next visit!Excellent atmosphere and service. But Mixto doesn't succeed on the most important points.  For Cuban food, I'm expecting a flavor explosion. And for $16-28 entrees, I'm looking for good presentation and food.  Portion size, is huge. But I'd rather have had a more carefully prepared and thoughful meal. Margaritas were disappointed for $30/pitcher. 
Bottom Line: Nothing memorable, many better choices at this price.Absolutely love this place , the drinks are phenomenal the atmosphere is always pleasent and the food is out of this world.  I would strongly recommend this restaurant,  I love the avocado mango salad ,for drinks the coconut monito is my all time favorite . .everything about this place is amazingWho doesn't like being welcomed by sparkly lights outside?  You cannot miss this restaurant since it is lighted up by the gorgeous Christmas lights outside.  Once we walked in, the hostess was kid enough to seat us at the bar since we did not have a reservation.  The bartender was busy, but went in the correct order of arriving customers and before no time gave us some recommendations for drinks.  
For two, we ordered a pitcher of the mango margaritas.  The bartender was kind of enough to suggest getting "on the rocks" instead of "frozen" margaritas since the frozen margaritas "have cheaper tequila" and he was only "helping the hangover for tomorrow", which we appreciated greatly.  The mango margaritas had a tinge of sweetness, which matched perfectly with our light food order.  We also ordered the guacamole and fried plantains appetizer, which was a little small but good for sharing if you already had a late lunch.  
Overall, the ambience was fun and trendy and definitely a great place to bring friends to catch up on.  I will definitely be back!Loved the food here! We had the mufungo which I highly recommend, the mango salad and the mixed appetizer plate. The flavors were so incredible. Two of us couldn't finish all the food and none of what we ordered were entrees.Been here on three separate occasions and can't find one thing in the menu I do not love. Staff is really accommodating, even when I'm late for my reservation! It's very obvious they use very fresh ingredients as their dishes are always superb. Get the shrimp ceviche.. It's amazing!Bleh.  Do NOT order the appetizer sampler.  Utterly terrible.  Thank god I had good company, otherwise this experience would've been a total disaster.If you are looking for a place to have a good dinner, this is indeed the place you want. I will point out some major points:
1. Pretty environment, above average
2. Dim, it is kind of a bar so maybe hard to see wjat you are eating.
3. The food is delicious, fresh
4. Drinks are very good, they indeed make good margaritas and cocktails
5. Price is affordable
6. People are friendly
HOWEVER, the front desk lady (slim, African-American well dressed woman) was rude and when I arrived at 8:30 she said the kitchen was closed, when it was not (the manager clarified). The front desk lady never admitted her fault and called me a liar. 
Still, a good place to go.Not a fan. I run by the restaurant all the time, but had never tried it out, so a friend and I stopped by for happy hour. Food was delicious and great drinks, but bad service. Our waitress was quite grumpy and unfriendly, just generally unpleasant. Maybe she was just having a bad day, but it was most unfortunate. Worst of all is their credit card minimum. I understand it's not efficient to charge credit card for small purchases, but they have a $15 minimum, which is completely illegal, according to a 2010 law that caps minimum purchase requirements at $10. I told the waitress this, but she just shrugged and blamed the management. (For reference, our bill was about $14 each, and I generally tip around 25%). I do not understand how a restaurant expects to function with clearly illegal policies. I hope they are fined for this, though I think it unlikely. This is a most unfortunate situation, because I quite liked their food and would have even overlooked the poor service I received to come back had it not been for their border-line criminal policies.This review of Mixto is about one piece of the puzzle that I try to put together when we go out, the 1 piece that I always look for when we go out EVERY Saturday night, SERVICE. 
Arrived last night 7-29-17 at approx 8pm just to have a few drinks and maybe a appetizer. Warm welcome at the front door as soon as we walked in, I said we just want to sit at the bar. She said the upstairs bar is less crowded then the main bar if you would like to check that one out? Up the stairs we went. The host upstairs, tall thin pretty young light skin black lady was even more pleasant so we were like, nice. She even went as far as asking a man at the bar that if no one was sitting where he had his news paper can he please move it so we can sit down, MAOR POINTS FOR HER. But after sitting down that's where it went down hill. 
It took the bar tender almost 10 minutes to greet us WITHOUT a hello, just here is the drink and food menu and walked away. Honestly we should've just walked out then. Keep in mind that this bar is no more than maybe 12-14 long, L shape and there were 2 individual seats open. The bar tender who has short blackish grey hair, thin build, possibly in his mid 30s - 40s? I think he had an assistant at the end of the bar? But honestly, with so many places to visit in Center city Phila, why not even a hello or welcome? He approaches us and just stands there expecting us to shout out our order. Not even a hint of suggestions or what are we craving or anything. We place our drink orer. 10-12 minutes later he approaches us for our food order. I ask him in Spanish does he speak spanish to make the ordering somewhat personal and I get nothing, just a blank look. THIS GUY IS OBVIOUSLY ON HIS 1ST DAY OR IS HAVING A BAD DAY. 
We place our food order, they didn't bring our side dish, 5-7 minutes later we ask him for it because he doesn't check on us and he says it's on the way. That was the last time we spoke to him until we were completely done our meal. HE NEVER CHECKED ON US TO SEE IF WE WERE OK, TO SEE IF WE WANTED MORE DRINKS, WHICH OF COURSE WE DID, but at this point we were done. Just wanted to finish our meal and walk to another bar to enjoy our time together.
MIXTO, if you want this customer, along with the other couple sitting next to us and the guy sitting alone to the other side of us, to repeat the visit, to compliment your establishment for an increase of foot traffic which lead to profits? Because believe me we were all talking at the bar on how bad this bar tender service was, GET WITH THE PROGRAM. SERVICE IS WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT. These foods and drinks can easily be found by those of us who venture out and about EVERY SATURDAY NIGHT. 
I know everyone has their off night their sort of bad day. But you don't wear it on you face chest and arms for the us to see. Truly amazing on how a bar tender can take someones high of going out in the town for a good time and transform that positive energy to missery. 
I will always give someone a 2nd chance but it won't be easy for this place.This place would have been 5 stars if they had their seating process in order. We arrived 20 minutes early so we said we would wait in the bar and grab a drink. The bar is ridiculously small and not a good space for anyone with more than a party of 2. They had 2 regularly seated tables up there too so we were in the way the entire time. Our reservation time rolled around and our table still wasn't ready. The hostess told is to continue standing in the cramped bar area. 20 min after our reservation time, we were seated. 
After the hostess finally got it together, service was smooth from there. Our server greeted us right away and got our drinks within minutes. He was extremely friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. Our glasses were never empty. Between our table we ordered multiple apps and entrees. I personally had the guacamole which I was really fresh and delicious. I also orders the ropa vieja which was plenty of food and very delicious. The rest of the people in our party really enjoyed their food too. 
I would definitely return for a fun night out!This was our second time here in four days. Tonight we had the paella. It was so delicious. The ambiance is very relaxing after a long day of walking around. We are from South Florida and can get Latin food, but we have to say this was very good. Oops let's not forget about the Flan they serve. Don't leave without having Flan! 
If you are visiting Philadelphia, don't miss this restaurant!Mixto has a great atmosphere and promising menu. The ceviche was perfectly seasoned, citrusy and of course light and refreshing. The black bean soup was fine, seasoned right and nothing wrong with it, but I feel that even with a handful of ingredients in it it could have been more impressively delicious. The octopus salad was a disappointment in that it was I edible as far as I was concerned- dripping in oil.  Couldn't even taste acidity like if it had a vinaigrette, but when I parted the lettuce, there was a pool of olive oil. Even though I was starving when I arrive I chose not to finish it. It might have been a nice salad if it hadnt been for that oil. But like I said its a cozy, lively atmosphere and the mojitos are very good.Hands down the best mojitos in the city! Great waitstaff and warm environment. My favorite family restaurant in town!I had very high hopes for my second trip to Mixto. My first trip two years ago was incredible: we had this amazing chicken dish that was stuffed with what I believe was crab. Well when we went back Monday they didn't have that but had chicken stuffed with shrimp which was just okay. The food wasn't really the problem, the service was. Hostess was great and seated us quickly but our waitress took so long to come over my boyfriend went to the bar to order drinks. When she finally showed up she claimed you can't order drinks at the bar and eat outside. Huh? Well she walked away and we told the hostess who said she was wrong. Our new waiter was sweet but forgot much of our order. And our second round of margaritas was straight cheap tequila and crushed iced. I was really disappointed and probably won't go back my next trip to Philly.Went here for brunch against my better judgement. This place gets worse and worse for me. I ordered a bellini, after first being assured by our waiter that fresh peaches are used. He returned with a glass of syrupy disgustingness garnished with CANNED peaches. Ew. My friend's mimosa was sour and bland. I had oatmeal and fruit (more canned peaches and a few berries), inedible homefries (burnt oil taste) and tostones (ok). My friend said her eggs were runny and couldnt eat them. Won't go here again. For real for real this time.The red sangria was ok - no flavor really, just tasted of whatever alcohol they use to spike it. Stick with regular wine.
Service was attentive and friendly.  What I loved most is how all the servers have that authentic Spanish (from Spain) accent.  A nice touch.
My vegetarian paella with vegan chorizo was suprisingly tasty!  The portion was huge!  It was served on a platter that could have been enough for several people - no complaints here!  I just took the rest home and ate it the next day.
Outdoor seating was available without a wait.  The people watching is excellent, since it's so close to the gayborhood.  I will be back!Mixto is perfect for celebration dinners to impromptu happy hours.  Margaritas the size of your head make it worth the wait if you have to (make reservations to avoid this). 
For smarties who are shunning sugar: you can get any variation of any drink with agave instead of hangover-ensuring simple syrup.  I get the mojito, which needs neither. 
A pleasant contrast to nacho-centered mexi-raunts, Mixto flairs up your dishes with the generous use of plantains: mashed as a meal-side or fried as an accompaniment to luscious guacamole.  
If you prefer your dishes not to be drowned in oil (like me) I recommend getting the mixto salad or soup.  I splurged on the octopus salad last time and my pulpos were swimming in it. 
Enjoy!My review for mixto is a little mixto... Too cliche? Probably.
We originally made our reservation on open Table. They called us to let us know they were changing to a new system and could not accommodate our Open Table time. Not a huge deal, however, there was no real apology or indication that this was a strange occurrence by the woman who called.
The actual restaurant is cute. Not sure if they have any air conditioning, however, it was super humid in the restaurant. It set a Cuba-like temperature...
I'm cuban-American and have had my fair share of cuban food at restaurants around the US. I think this was very middle of the road- not incredible but not terrible! 
We had the mixed appetizer plate, which was a great for our table who wanted to try everything! The highlights of that plate are the chorizo and papa rellena! The tostones were not super crispy and the ceviche was more like a shrimp salsa... 
I had the stuffed chicken breast. The chicken was a little dry and the sauce was heavy. However, I loved the red beans, rice and the generous serving of avo. Also, I really loved the house habanero salsa! That was awesome!!
My husband had the lechon platter. The pork was awesome! The yuca and tamal were unfortunately super dry.
The service was a little slow and our waitress seemed overextended.
Overall, some highlights and some not so great stuff to work on!Great brunch, been there several times.  Trying dinner next week, I'm sure it will be great.There were a few hiccups in service, but overall we had an excellent brunch at Mixto.  Being able to make a reservation for 10 on open table is so fetch.  I had the Colombian frittata.  It was different and tasty.  I really liked the chorizo and the homemade hot sauce.  The menu said it came with a choice of different potatoes so I asked for home fries with it, but I ended up with home fries on the side plus an extra plate of home fries.  Not really a big deal, but I will be more specific next time.  Paid around $25 including a mimosa, tax, and tip.  I wouldn't rush back, but definitely a good place to go if you have a big group.We had a party of seven. The were relatively quick to seat us. Our waiter was helpful in letting us know about the dishes. The atmosphere is relaxed and stylish. When our food came out, none of the dishes disappointed and there was nothing left on the plates. We'll be making our way back here again in the near future.First off let's get the one thing that kinda nags on me when I come here. I think that everything is a bit overpriced. Just shave off a penny here and there and I'd be a lot happier giving this four stars.
That said, I do love coming here especially for happy hour. Their empanadas are delicious, and I like chowing down on their guac and chips. Also half-price mojitos that are all dangerously delicious.
I've been here only a couple times for regular food and tried the vegetarian plate and cuban chicken with rice. The vegetarian plate was good, I thought the yucca and arepas were underseasoned, the plantains were good, and the avocados were nice. The chicken with rice was really flavorful.
Really though what brings this up to four stars is how enjoyable each of my experiences, I haven't given it a lot of thought, but this place for some reason just feels fun, it feels like the place you want to go if you're out in time for happy hour deals. The customers seem happy, the staff is memorable... in a good way.This place has pretty good mojito specials during happy hour. Also, the food is good - but tastes a little "out of the can". I love sitting outside on a hot day with a drink though!$5 Mojitos-YES! Perfectly delicious Paella...wait for it...end it with a fresh Cuban coffee! Winning! Get there early for happy hour...if you get there after 6, you may have a problem.Stopped by for an after dinner drink.  We sat at the bar and were so impressed watching the female bartender.  She is a mini dynamo!  She never stopped moving in getting everyone served and was cheery, pleasant and efficient.  On the downside the ac vent was directly over our seats and dripped water on us the entire time.  TIP: If you are there in the summer, to avoid the drips, try to get a seat in another area of the bar!I arrived at this restaurant and requested a table for three, which they told me the minimum waiting time was 2 hours (even though I saw empty tables everywhere). 
The manager was extremely rude, when I said my name he said "so, you finally showed up?", I told him it was ONLY 5min walking time when he pointed the table and said "there is your table", without walking me to it like the other clients.  I tried to ignore this casualty since I still wanted to have a good time.
Now for the food, I ordered a "mofongo" WITH beef, and when it came I only saw the mofongo with a tiny bit of beef, and a tiny bit of cheese?   I ordered a chicken breast as an extra because I still wanted to eat some protein, but they forgot about it.  Also, as a puerto rican, I have ate a lot of mofongo and I can say this one was one of the greasiest.The food was great, the service was slow but good, but the busser or back server was nasty. He had an evil scowl on his face the every time he approached the table. He started clearing our plates, and we asked for boxes. He acknowledged, but we only got one dish back out of 3. We told our server and he got the kitchen to make us a new chicken entree, but we are still missing all of our rice and beans. Get it together guys!It had been awhile since I have been to Mixto and I am so glad my husband made reservations. Our reservations was at 6:15pm on a Sunday and we were immediately seated. We went with our young daughters which was ok because they are accustomed to go to all sorts of restaurants.
 For a cocktail, I ordered a Pomegranate mojito which was absolutely amazing! It was not too sweet or too sour..just perfection. For the appetizer, my husband ordered tostones brushetta.. So good.
My husband ordered the Tilapia Mango entree and he loved it. He added Moro which is rice and beans. Let me just add we are Dominican so Mixto's menu is very familiar to us and we do know what these entrees are supposed to taste like. Any way, my girls shared Pollo empanizado(breaded chicken) the portion was large enough for two to three children. I ordered/shared Plato Mixto which is a VERY large appetizer..I highly recommend it.. It has a little bit of everything.
For dessert, I ordered the flan de leche and my girls had a chocolate cheesecake... Both were decedent...
Cannot forget service was great, like always! I will be back soon!!I'm sure this is controversial, but I think this is the best brunch in Philadelphia. If you read my other yelp reviews I'm sure you can tell my tastes skew to the a Latin American side, so there's bias, but I'm in my twenties and have hip friends so you know I'm brunchin all over tha place. I've been here at least 4 times and I'm pretty sure every time I've gotten the tostadas rancheras and they are A++++. From the bits I've sampled off friends' plates other things are good too, but I find it difficult to branch out because it's so good. My boyfriend and I went this morning and he got the Costa Rican breakfast, which he really liked. We're bloody Mary fiends and the bloody Mary's at Mixto are TOP NOTCH. The perfect balance of spice kick to a brunch tipsyness to take the edge off a dull tequila hangover. 
The restaurant itself is beautiful. Exposed brick and dark wood, with bright stained glass windows and colorful paintings, it's just a really nice environment to eat in, whether indoors or outside on the sidewalk. Get your butt here for brunch, you'll love it.Mixto is a good spot to take a date to, just make sure you have a minimum of $60 bucks with you. It's not the priciest place, but definitely pricier than it's predecessor, Tierra Colombiana. Most of the time, I find that the appetizers are more than enough for me to be stuffed and ready to wrap up my experience. Anyway, the food here tastes really great. I like getting the mofongo with chicken, super tasty and great presentation. I find that all the meats they prepare are always moist, never dry like some other places. They have a decent menu that will have you feeling anxious because you want to make sure you order the "right" thing. You won't go wrong by choosing to eat here. Oh yeah, the drinks are pretty good, you can always ask the waiter to make your drink a little stronger than usual, they always laugh and agree to do it. Hey, I tip well lol. I like this place, it has never let me down. I just don't like when the place is too busy for the waiter to check up on me, I drink a lot of water lol. Go here for a good experience with hispanic food, good place.The decorations here were stunning ! That was my first thought walking into the restaurant. I had just finished walking around Barnes Foundation so this was the perfect restaurant to continue this art gallery theme I had going on. The waiters were really friendly and came over a bunch of times to ask if me and my friend was alright. He did come around many time when we were in the middle of an important conversation but we knew the intention was good just the timing was bad. 
The bread that they serve in the beginning, when it was warm was so buttery and soft! I personally thought it was fantastic! 
The found was a little pricy for the quality that we got. We got the sampler and the Bandeja Típica. It was all very meat heavy. The sampler was pretty great. We got a taste of all the appetizers. The ceviche was what stood out the most it was definitely delicious. The Bandeja tipica was just average. There wasn't much flavor in any of the dishes. I was most disappointed in the steak. It was just bland. 
Overall it was relatively average although for the price I was hoping for something more.Loved it! Only reason im not giving it 5 stars is because Im snobby and like to reserve my 5 star rating for the absolute best of the best. But Mixto is FANTASTIC.  Good for a date, or just hanging with friends. Wait staff was very friendly, comfortable atmosphere, food was delicious, but the real winner was the mojito. I got a strawberry mojito (half-price during Happy Hour i might add) and it was SO good. And heres the thing, i dont even usually LIKE mojitos. But it was that good. I definitely recommend. go during Happy Hour.Great for date night. Sexy atmosphere, delicious food, AMAZING drinks. I don't think I would bring the kids here but we had a good time.Yet another mediocre, overpriced Philadelphia calorie consumption experience. Note, I cannot say dining.  The meal starts with a poor excuse for bread, something like a cheap hamburger bun or clod of dough pressed and fried in grease.  The entrees are waaaaaaay overpriced platters of poorly made sort of Caribbean meets Latin.  I lived there.  I can cook 10 times better than this.  Expect flavorless carbs.  The food looks pretty gross too. No condiments are served with the food.  The dessert was so so; the coffee was bitter, burnt.  The room was a really poor version of Jersey shore tacky.  It's loud, because they insist on a television competing with music competing with conversation competing with street noise.  The bill for 4 people was shy of $200.  Wasted money.  Service was earnest, but slow.  Save your money.wooo hoo! GREAT dinner here on Sunday night. We were greeted as soon as we arrived and were seated by the window.
Our first pitcher of pineapple mojito was delivered right away, followed by our apps (guacamole, maduros w/ beef and cheese - yumm). The service was perfect, not too attentive but just enough. 
We were a table of four and one of us was starving and ordered her entree right away, the rest of us took our sweet old time with the menu and they were very accommodating! We ended up having pernil, arroz con pollo and caesar salad (with shrimp), everything was very tasty! Cuban food done right!
After 2 more pitchers of mojitos and 2 rounds of tequila shots, we saw the staff cleaning up/closing and realized we were there for about 4 hours, time flies when you're having fun! Great food, nice staff, warm vibes...will be back!My friends took me here when I visited this past summer from the West Coast and it is delicious. The ropa vieja was the dish I had. My friends ordered different dishes and all I have to say is that each dish was very flavorful and everything taste good. You also have to get the pitcher of sangria, it is amazing.I returned to Mixto on Sunday, September 11th for brunch at about 10:10am with a party of four people.   I have been to Mixto probably about 20-25 times in my life and have almost always had 4-5 star experiences, until today.
The only reason they are getting two stars instead of one on today's experience, is because the manager attempted to remedy the problem.  
We arrived at about 10:10am with a party of four.   We told the hostess (who happened to be our server) that we would have a fifth person joining us in about 15 minutes.  She placed us at a table for four, with plenty of room for an extra chair on the end when our fifth person arrived. 
We ordered our food and found the food to be good, as it usually is; however, despite asking twice, we never received any bread during our meal, saying it was "being baked".  Other tables around us started receiving it at about 11:00am, once we were finishing up our meal.
The worst part came around 10:35AM when the fifth person arrived.   We had just received our food at this time, so it was perfect timing.  
I went to the hostess stand and asked for an extra chair, and she curtly told us that it would not be allowed.  I explained to her that our server told us it would be allowed, and she said "she made a mistake.  It would be a fire hazard and leave no room for the server to get by".  This, of course, was not true.  She told us she could move us to a table upstairs if we wanted.  I told her it would be an inconvenience to move all of our food, drinks and table settings upstairs.  She said that there was nothing she could do.  (There were two females at the hostess stand at this time).  I looked around for our server during the course of this three minute interaction; however, could not locate her.  I asked if I could speak to a manager, and she said the manager was busy.   At this point, my fifth guest left very upset.   I was also shocked at the level of ridiculousness that this hostess provided.
About 5 minutes after this, I saw the manager standing by the bar and went to speak to him..  He listened and supposedly went and talked to the server, who came by again and told me that it wouldn't had been a problem at all.  The manager came by at the end of our meal and provided us with 4 mimosas on the house.  That was a kind gesture; however, sadly did not make up for the ridiculous hostess comments of not allowing our fifth guest to join, when we were told it would not be a problem initially.  
A sad experience, and I would definitely rethink Mixto again after this experience.While they have great drinks and a solid location, the food is nothing special (fairly bland, though the chicken soup is quite good). The service has recently become slow and confused. 
Very disappointed-I used to love this placeI've been enjoying some time Philadelphia and have been trying the various eats in this town.  Mixto is a thumbs up!  The ambiance is seductive with its warm exposed brick walls and floor to ceiling windows.  The second floor looks down on to Pine Street where more patrons are gratifying their appetites on the sidewalk seating space.  If you like Latin fare, you'll especially appreciate this menu and its options.  The dishes are very appeasing to the palate!  The mojitos were delicious, and the after dinner coffee was delightful.  Good service in a friendly atmosphere.  Buen Provecho!after hearing many good things about this place, i was really looking forward to trying it. we sat outside (right up against the street. gross view, but it was such a nice night and the chairs were so comfy, i barely noticed the less-than-scenic street)
heard lots of hype about the drinks, so i ordered some sort of rum punch which was just too much for me. our server was totally nice about it and i got a mojito instead. muuuch better. we started with the plato mixto which was enormous and included every possible appetizer cuba is known for. it was delicious. i didn't even come close to eating my share bc i wanted to save room for my entree. i looooved the rope vieja here. it was beyond delicious. i dont remember what my boyfriend ordered, but my choice was the clear winner. the service was great and the meal was delicious. wish i had saved room for dessert, but no worries.. i'll def be back!I love Mixto!  Warm, comfy, especially the second floor...or a table by the open windows in the spring...drinks big enough to swim in...fresh, fresh, fresh guacamole...my friends love that "old clothes" ropa viejo...but there is always a suggestion for something new!
Last time I had the Ensalada de Espinaca Queso de Cabra....love this salad so fresh and mixture of sweet & cheese is divine.  Then, my favorite...the scallops.  
I like looking at the gorgeous wait staff....but that's just an added plus!I was here for a birthday a week ago and everything from the bartender (Adrian??) down to the food was superb.  I can't get enough of this place. 
If you're in the city for happy hour, check out their shrimp skewers, empanadas and $5 margaritas.I really love Mixto. Been coming here for almost 2 years now consistently. Service is always great and food is fantastic. However, tonight was the exception. I made a late reservation for my 23rd bday because I had class until 8 and many of my friends can only celebrate it tonight. Our reservation was for 9 and kitchen closes at 10. However, we were not the last people there, it was still a full house when my friends and I had left after dinner. 
Anyway, long story short, I had a great time with my friends but the service was horrible, which ruined my experience. I never come to Mixto for my bday and thought it would be a fantastic idea since I love the place. Food (one dish of which she didn't put in correctly but it was still good) and drinks were great. However, my server was a complete B****. She started off really pleasant and nice and all the suddenly after she brought us our pitcher of margaritas, she was just plain RUDE! she didn't answer any of our questions, rushed us to order, didn't even listen to what we had to asked or say. 
Im positive that none of us gave her an attitude because we all work/worked at a restaurant and understand what it's like. I will go back to Mixto and hopefully can write a good review but the server definitely ruined my bday experience there. Thank god the weekend is here and it's time to make it up for my birthday celebration.Ate there for brunch. It was busy,  but not crowded. The prices were very reasonable, service was good, and the food was delicious. Further, the ambiance was great. Mexican and Cuban breakfast were tasty.I was kind of disappointed by this place. I was expecting more flavorful food. I ordered the empanadas and the arroz con pollo. The empanadas were dry and kind of flavorless and the arroz con pollo had a weird taste to it. My boyfriend ordered some stewed chicken dish which tasted better than mine but still lacked the authentic Spanish flavor that I was hoping would burst into my mouth. The three stars however are for the overall atmosphere and the margarita. The margarita was pretty strong. If you're looking to try something new go here but you won't be wowed by the food.Mixto is a place dear to my heart.  Not only is the food incredible, drinks stiff and refreshing, but the service is superb.  On one occasion, I showed up on a Saturday night knowing there would be little chance of getting a table with 4 other friends.  I was right, but the host offered to pull together tables at the bar for us and make something work.  
As I mentioned, the food is AWESOME - every dish I've had has been great - I recommend the sampler of appetizers and the arroz con pollo or paella, along with the pomegranate mojitos to share on a date.  You really can't go wrong.  The drinks are fantastic - it's hard for me to have any other mojito without thinking the pomegranate mojitos at Mixto are that much better - nothing compares.  
I've heard brunch is phenomenal, but I have yet to go there for brunch - big shame on me!My wife and I love this place for a few very good reasons. First, the food is very good Latin American fusion with a wide variety of elements from several countries in the Caribbean, Central and South America. It's also one of the few places where I can get a cold Presidente, which is the national beer of the Dominican Republic and a decent pilsner - which is always refreshing during the summer. While their drinks can be pricey, their mojitos are tasty and are a great accompaniment to their lighter foods and appetizers. 
The most important reason why this place is special to us is that it was the setting for our first date and we now get to take our lovely daughter their for brunches. She's our little Mixto legacy. ¡Buen Provecho y Ma'a Salaama!I went to dinner with a friend of mine last Saturday, once entering the place the only thing that annoys me is the hostess dazing off else where. She was not paying attention to who was coming in (as she is suppose to), and as a first impression, that is not a good sign. I ordered the salmon entree (I forgot what it was called) but it was very good. Requested it to be medium well, the greens that came with it was delicious! My friend suggested that the rice and beans were the best there but I had better. The place looks cozy with a tint of Latin decor to it. They also had an upstairs, I wasn't sure if that was extra dining up there or not and I didn't go up there to check either. 
I heard the margaritas there were infamous, I did not try them but my friend did and he said they were awesome! Besides the ditsy hostess, my experience was fulfilling, I would give this place another shot. =)Just had a great brunch here! Have been many years ago for dinner and remember liking it, but brunch is definitely a great bet. 
My omelet was very flavorful and served with tostones (awesome!). We enjoyed mimosas and batidos that tasted very fresh and delightful. 
The atmosphere can range from very casual to very stylish depending on the crowd. The place itself is well decorated and has great light so a fun place to just hang out with coffee or have a drink. Will definitely be back.I go here for my Spanish food/mojito fix. These are by far the best mojitos I've had outside of Puerto Rico. I love the empanadas, ropa vieja, and papa rellenas. Perfect for happy hour!I definitely am a bit confused by the high marks Mixto gets. It's a bad place but the food was pretty bland and felt haphazardly put together. 
Starting off, we were given what I can only describe as homemade mini-grilled cheeses, made from stale Wonder Bread and string cheese.  
Our actual entrees were not really any better:
- Tostadas Rancheras: Not necessarily bad but the egg scramble was dry. I was with a friend who's been here before and she mentioned that in the past they've used over-easy eggs instead. Please go back to that! I didn't eat the chorizo but it had a bit of a kick to it! 
- Breakfast Burrito: huge portion and I will say that I appreciated the chunks of avocado!
Someone in our party ordered the Chicken Noodle soup and honestly that looked like the best option on our table!Somewhere is the 4-4.5 star range. This place is excellent.
So a few weeks ago i was whisked away to far away land of Philly for my bday by my lovely wife, and we were looking for a place to go get dinner. After looking around (on yelp of course) at a few spots a friend of mine who lives in Philly suggested this spot. I checked out the menu and thought, this sounds good. Let's do it.
We made reservations and headed on over. Mixto is a latin restaurant that combines flavors from various latin countries around the world (aka a "mixto") and boy do those flavors do well. My wife ordered the Argentine Churrasco (because of course) as her main course and I had had the Lechon. Because of this our waitress suggested we had the Malbec wine, which was superb, as is the norm for restaurant Malbecs. Our starter was SO GOOD though. Man. we got the pulpo (octopus) which was unreal. So good so good. Great texture and great flavor. 
My wife's churrasco was yummy steaky goodness, served with rice and beans, but my Lechon was a smorgasbord, to say the least. I honestly can't believe they managed to fit that much food on the plate. It was impressive. Another impressive thing that happened that night was the fact that I managed to eat almost half of that monster amount of food before I had to doggy bag it. My wife finished her steak because she's way more or a G than myself. 
Honestly everything at this place we had hit the spot, and really, the hardest thing for me was to pick what meal to eat as my main course. This of course means we have to go back, which when you think about it is a bit unfortunate for other restaurants in Philly that we have yet to try, because I want to go back to this place and try more stuff!One of my FAV Philly spots. It's a trend spot with a mix of different Latin cuisines ... Cuban, Colombian, Spanish, Argentinean ... so original. Hence, the name "Mixto". The drinks are good. The ambiance and music are hip. You get a total experience. The Paella... it's worth the 25 min wait! Delish. Arroz con Pollo has a delicate balance of saffron, veggies and chicken. Loved it. Mojitos ... the options are bountiful! The only caveat is to make sure you make RESERVATIONS on weekend nights. If not, expect to be turned away or told to sit at the bar. Prepare for this place. Don't just show up on a jam packed Saturday.Get a new hostess on the weekends and I'll start coming back to Mixto. 
The girl who typically is the hostess on Sunday mornings is extremely unpleasant. My boyfriend and I tolerated her for about a year and a half despite how rude she was to us on several occasions but we've finally had enough of her cold, snooty responses and stopped coming here.
It's too bad because I actually really enjoy the food here but there are plenty of other great brunch places in Philadelphia where you don't have to start off with a negative experience before you're even seated.I'm giving this review 2 stars instead of one because the food was pretty good. The hostesses were snotty little unprofessional girls. The restaurant threatened to cancel my parties reservation if everyone wasn't there within 15 min of the reserved time, but once we were all there we still waited another 20 minutes to sit at a table. The hostesses explanation was that the restaurant only had one table that could seat a party of 10. So my party didn't sit down to dinner until 45min after our reservation time and the food was average and the only table they could offer was in the front of restaurant next to the door so  there was constantly people bumping into one corner of the table. The food was ok, I've had better Paella in  Spanish restaurant in Delaware. The basil mojitos were delicious and we were so happy to buy a pitcher and not have to chase the waiter down for refills. The ambience was trendy and fun but place was snug as expected in a city. The wait staff did a great job with our large party and were gracious even though we couldn't hear them in the restaurant. I had heard great things about this place but wasn't very impressed by the snotty attitude my party was greeted with or the food. Also it would be nice if restaurant offered valet parking.This was the very first restaurant I ate at in Philly while I was doing interviews and living in Chicago.  I loved it when I first ate there, and still do to this day.  I did not move to Philly for the restaurant...but for a man...that's another story :)  
The menu has changed slightly over the years.  Things that have remained consistently good: the delicious warm buttery bread they bring out to you when you arrive; the pork loin (although now they have shredded pork in montuno de lechon) that comes with plantains, beans, rice, a tamale and avocado.  I recently tried the arroz con pollo and loved how perfectly the saffron rice was cooked and how flavorful the combination of olives and chicken were in the dish.  The plaintain chips with guacamole is always a favorite starter.
The decor and ambience is very nice here and the waiters are always very welcoming.  I recently left my purse underneath the table (scatterbrained as always) when we got up to leave, and our waiter came running out after me.  Highly recommended, especially for groups/happy hours and visitors (who knows they may end up living in philly?)I've heard some good things about Mixto, so I was excited to check it out for happy hour the other day.   It was Thursday, so the drink special was $5 for a classic margarita (apparently they switch off between $5 margaritas and $5 mojitos).  The margaritas were surprisingly good and well worth the price tag.  
For food, we decided to try one of everything on the happy hour menu, which included the following:  $2 skewers (shrimp, pork & pineapple, steak & peppers, and chicken with chitpotle sauce) and $1 empanadas (chicken, beef, and cheese).  The skewers were all good, but so tiny that it wasn't worth getting another round of them.  I believe there were two to three pieces of protein per skewer - just not worth it!  On the other hand, the empanadas were really good...so much so, that we went back for another round.  I definitely recommend the chicken and the cheese...there was something weird about the beef that neither one of us liked.  The sauces that came with the empanadas were also good and were paired pretty well - one was spicy and the other was super sweet.
After two rounds of drinks and our order of food, I think our bill came out to like $35, which wasn't too bad.  I'd really like to come back to try their regular menu in the future.
And finally a comment about the service - it was fantastic!  I wish I could remember the name of our server.  He was funny and vibrant, but not in an annoying way.  He even went out of his way to fix our wobbly table, which is a-okay in my book.  Whoever you are, thank you!Hands down, best place for casual drinks within a 10 block radius.  Fried pork and ceviche are awesome.  Always has a young, good looking crowd.  Outdoor seating is a big plus.  Drinks are hit and miss but the "snacks" make up for it.
Food: 4/5
Drinks: 3/5
Service: 4/5
Decor: 5/5
Bang 4 the $: 4/5
Will come back: YesWow!!! this place is amazing!! I've been here for a couple of times and never had a bad food/service/drinks so far. I love the atmosphere in this place. My favorite is the churrasco argantino steak. Ohhh i wish I could have it right now. Meat is cooked so well and tasty. We almost always get the house margarita but last time I tried their strawberry mojitos and it was absolutely delicious!! not too sweet or sour. just perfect!! I give this place a two thumbs up!!One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Strong drinks, (get a pitcher) amazing food, and great service. 
I made last minute reservations on a Saturday night and was able to get a table for 2. Our server had great tips about the menu and it was delicious. I had the scallops that were cooked to perfection and my fiancée and I split a pitcher of the pomegranate mojitos. We will definitely be returning!Amazing food. A bit on the pricy side but loved each dish that we ordered. Cut one star because the service wasn't the best, the waiter was a bit sassy and impatient.I brought my fiancé here for her past birthday, it was recommended by a friend of mines he raved about how good the food is and what a great atmosphere there was.
I took his word of advice and setup reservations, it was surprisingly a nice day, we sat up stairs at a table by a set of doors that looked out onto the street. It was absolutely gorgeous the views, building, and atmosphere made up for such a great experience. We started with this really big margarita, I mean in a place where margaritas are the drink of choice and because it was a celebration, why not? It was great, for starters we started with the Empanadas, we got one with chicken and one with cheese, they were amazing and cooked to perfection, and we also had the Guacamole with plantain chips, this was another hit in my book. I thought this was a great starter and it was highly recommended, I think that alone could've been enough food for two people, it was delicious. 
For entrees my fiancé ordered the Montuno de Lechon, which was shredded prom, yuca, Cuban tamal, maduros, and avocado, she really enjoyed this plate because there were a few foods that she has never tried before and this was a first time for her. For my entree I ordered the Churrasco Argentino, which was a huge cut of skirt steak, with garlic, vegetables, chimichurri sauce, and a side of rice. Hands down one of the best skirt steaks I ever tried, and it was a huge steak that could've been shared between two people. So, all in all we had a fantastic time at Mixto and plan on going back. If anyone is ever in the area stop on by because you won't be let down!Mixto is has good food, with a great atmosphere and very attentive service. 
I went here yesterday for a casual happy hour and was very satisfied. We ordered chicken empandads, all their skewers, and an order of calamari along with some drinks. 
Cuban food is typically pretty greasy, and this place is no exception (however, it is not overly greasy).
The calamari was VERY good. Very soft and tender. The skewers were the happy hour special for $2 a skew. If you are hungry, these are not for you. They come with two small pieces of meat/fish with peppers and onions. They were small but delicious. All  the meats were tender and juicy. The chicken empandas were great too. The salsa they came with had the perfect kick to it that made me order a second. 
The bread served is amazing. If they don't serve it to you, ASK FOR IT. It is pounded with butter, but so good. 
Lastly, order the guava mojito. Any cuban loves guava. I've never had a guava mojito, but did at mixto, and was surprised on how good it was. 
This is not a place I would go out of my way to go to, but definitely a place I wouldn't mind going to again.Mixto has always been one of my favorites, but today's service was so terrible not sure I'd go back! 
Made a reservation, and our server was rude, blaming me for misunderstanding the menu, not knowing any of the questions I had about other menu items, then not apologizing when he didn't write down our order and got it all messed up upon delivery! When I waited tables, we had extensive training on the menu and if you weren't a people pleaser, you best find another job! Also put in a drink order that he completely forgot about--his only saving grace was he brought me the drink for free (albeit 25 min after I ordered it) and I did receive an apology this time. Food was tasty, drinks were good, nice selection & location, just poor service.Came here for brunch and liked it. I got the Costa Rican breakfast and it took me right back to Costa Rica. It was delicious. My boyfriend got the Bloody Mary which was large and good but he upgraded to the bacon Bloody Mary for $2 (total $12) for just one slice of bacon on top.
The other thing I didn't like was that since I don't eat meat I wanted to get the vegetarian chorizo instead of the meat that came with the meal and they said it was an additional charge of $5 I believe as if I was getting a side portion instead of a substitute. Instead I just got meat for my boyfriend to eat. 
Will definitely return to try dinner.I've been here a few times and it's always a blast and the food & drinks are wonderful. We came for happy hour yesterday and the deals are so great! Amazing margaritas and mojitos for $5 and small plates for $5. Definitely recommend the mojitos-- so tasty! And the crispy pork was literally like eating a thick yummy piece of bacon! 
We also came here for mixto's birthday last September and it was so much fun. We got lots of free food, cheap drinks, and I even won the raffle and won free beers, a small grill, and lots of other fun things. 
Great restaurant with an amazing bar! Definitely come by for a good time!My friends and I have made this our reunion restaurant. Amazing people + great food and service = great time. The Cuban food is great. Can't wait to returnHad Brunch here on a Sunday afternoon. The pulled pork was tasty, the rice & beans were dry. The Mimosa's were tart, the wine wasn't very good with the tart OJ, it could been chilled more.
The atmosphere and decor is pleasant.We went here on a recommendation of a local friend while in town visiting from Chicago, and this place did not disappoint. 
I love Latin American fusion cuisine- it is incredibly flavorful but not spicy. We skipped appetizers, but the toasted bread with butter before we ate was tasty and appreciated. I had an amazing coconut mojito- my fave drink that is often messed up by servers, but it was a perfect mojito. A bit pricy ($14 for a larger one), but given the location it wasn't that bad. 
I had the ropa Vieja, which was amazing and delicious. Comes with TONS of food- rice (which I mix in with the ropa), and lightly breaded and Caramelized sweet plantains. Outside had a nice crunch to contrast the mushy inside, and was sweet without tasting sugar-y. 
Only thing that took it down from 5 stars was service and inside. Really loud (we were there on a Friday night at 9pm), but also really hot. Service wasn't terrible, but also wasn't good. It took 10 minutes to see our server, and after he took our orders he never came back except to bring the check. I would have ordered another mojito but couldn't.