This place was incredible from top to bottom. Service was spot on and the vibe of the restaurant was like being in a movie. Everyone was laughing and vibrant it was an experience. 
We walked in at 5 without a reservation and the place was pretty full but luckily they were able to accommodate us with an out time. Everything we tried was delicious and the plating was amazing. I am dreaming about that tiramisu because it was so unique and delicious. 
This is hands down one of the best restaurants I have ever been to in my life from top to bottom. 
Cash only but there's an atm in the back. 
As most PA restaurants BYOB.Never have my taste buds and palate, something I'm still trying to refine, been treated to such delight.  On top of an exceptional New Year's Eve menu, we were treated to stellar service and a warm, lively atmosphere.  This was one of my best, if not the best, dining experiences I have had in Philadelphia.  Even for our fixed menu, we were allowed to custom order and went with 2 antipasti dishes instead of the pasta.  The eggplant and white bean puree topped with a crustini, pine nuts, and fennel was absolutely outstanding.  This combined with the chicken liver pate was the perfect way for me to start out a meal; sweet and savory.  For entrees, we went with the seafood stew and the Gorgonzola topped filet.  After devouring our surf and turf, I was amazed that my girl had eaten the majority of the filet.  She NEVER eats cheese like Gorgonzola, so you know it must have been prepared perfect.  I'm definitely excited to return and put the regular tasting menu to the test but after eating here and loving the sandwiches at Paesano's, I'm sure it will be another spectacular experience.I love italian food and at this point, can't settle for something that isn't authentic. This place is so unique and extremely delicious with a great deal ($35 person, includes starter, pasta, entree and dessert - I think it's available everyday, we went on a Saturday). The keyword is "unique", so take that as you will... Changing classic dishes can deter people, but I welcome it if it is still amazing.
Almost everything on the menu has a special factor to it. Also the portion sizes are small but you will DEFINITELY be full after all four courses. I guarantee it. My girlfriend and I had the scallops and calamari for starters. The scallops were extremely minimal (2? maybe 1 and half? again, size doesn't matter because you have 3 courses to go) but full of so much flavor. I would order this again. The calamari is not like the ordinary fried versions at most places, but grilled - I loved it. It was almost like a salad with the arugula. These were complimented with bread and olive oil & ricotta cheese to dip the bread it... Every italians dream come true.
For pasta, she had the ravioli (I never tend to order these out, but it was full of flavor - again very small portion size) and I had the gnocchi which had much more quantity than the ravioli. I'm used to gnocchi in a blush sauce but the pancetta definitely gave it a very savory taste. It wasn't my favorite gnocchi but still you have to appreciate those flavors and we all should be going out to eat to try new stuff anyway!
I honestly forget what my girlfriend had because my entree was just ... too ... good. Bistecca Siciliana, I will have dreams about you. Again, I don't usually get steak at an italian place but i saw lemon caper butter and fried egg and couldn't resist. It was amazing and I was definitely full at this point. So delicious.
The dessert. I'm not a dessert person - Give me real food and more of it, is what i say. But this chocolate tart ("flourless" as our waiter constantly said. I guess this is an endearing quality when homemade? Maybe it was the wine, but I thought it was funny how he pointed this out many times) was the BEST part. If you like chocolate, you have to order it. No questions. My God, it was the perfect ending to an amazingly unique meal and experience (great wait staff - he was so knowledgeable about everything and polite- and even though small place, great atmosphere).
Did I mention BYOB? So you're paying a little over $35 per person (tax and tip) and that's it for an amazing night of food and memories. 4 stars because sometimes an authentic italian meal with huge portions just can't be beat. But do yourself a favor and go. Now.Still one of the best. Table for five right by the window at the front is perfect!.We all had the Turista of course, just ridiculously good for the $35 price. I had the Sformato, Bucatini, and Bistecca and tasted all the non-repeats. Dessert was too much, so we nibbled and took them home. Some on Yelp complain of salt and butter, but uh, this is a treat, not a way of life. Treat yourself. (Also had brunch at Monsu earlier in the day, so maybe I should buy stock!)Had an early dinner here a few days ago. It was the first time in. In all it was a nice dining experience and I'll definitely return to explore the menu further.
We (two) opted for the "menu turista" tasting which consisted of four small but more than adequate plates. At $33.00 per person, I thought it was a terrific value and offered us the opportunity to sample the menu with some depth. If we had ordered the same 4 courses á la carte (with same-sized portions), I'd have thought it a bit pricey, but I think they expect most to order the tasting menu.
Our starters were balsamic grilled octopus with oven roasted tomato and house-made sausage with poached egg in a mustard cream. Both were very good, although the octopus arrived to the table room-temperature. For a pasta course we had a spicy lamb ragu maccheroni and lasagne bolognese. Both were very good, but again they needed to arrive piping hot from the kitchen, not barely warm. For entrees, we selected the beef cheek on polenta with salsa passito and the skate in apricot brown butter and lemon. The beef cheek was fantastic. Unfortunately the skate and its sauce were not quite up to par with the rest of the meal. We also ordered a side of  italian spaetzle (according to the menu with fennel, but came with arugula(?) instead). Although we were surprised by its crunchy consistency, the flavor was good. To finish we ordered a lemon crepe and an apple-walnut tart. The tart was superb, but the lemon crepe tasted a bit flat and heavy. In all it was a very good but not great meal. 
The service was excellent, but at the time we dined, the restaurant was only a quarter full. The atmosphere is pleasant and the space fairly small. In sum we weren't wowed, but Modo Mio is a very solid 4 stars. CASH ONLY. BYOB. Resv. a must.A girlfriend and I had a terrible service experience here last night.  We had a 7 o'clock reservation and had to wait outside, in the cold, until 7:25 when we were finally seated. What's the point of a reservation?
The service was so. incredibly. slow. Our waiter was perfectly fine, just seemingly overwhelmed. It took him about 15 minutes from the time we were seated to come around for our orders.  Food came out piece by piece, about 35 minutes between each course, and piping hot like it was just plated seconds ago. The portions aren't large enough to be served that far apart. Bread didn't come out until we asked for it during our second course.........
To top it off, within 10 minutes of receiving our check, and 2 minutes of settling our bill, a manager came over and asked us to hurry it along because a large party was waiting on the table.  We still had an entire glass of wine to finish! When I informed him that we waited 30 minutes past our reservation to be seated and would be finishing our wine, he sassed me. We were stunned. 
The food: 
Antipasti was the rocket salad, which we loved
Pasta was the gnocchi and ricotta & spinach stuffed lasagne, both unfortunately over salted 
Main was the rib eye, cooked perfectly but with an overdone "over easy" egg on top, and the porchetta, which was decadent
The chef also sent out a side of roasted potatoes and Brussel sprouts for us.
Ambience: it was freezing in there and SO LOUD. I have a sore throat this morning from trying to talk to my friend that was 4 ft across from me.
3/10 would recommend and it is unlikely that I'll ever return.  I'm genuinely surprised people have good experiences here.It seemed like over 90% of the reviews gave 5-stars for Modo Mio so I was suuuper excited to try this place. However...one word summarizes my Modo Mio experience: a DISAPPOINTMENT. 
The services, atmosphere and the food presentations were Excellent. 
On the other hand, SODIUM ruined everything. 
For Antipasti, snails and bruschetta (worked very well in terms of flavor and texture), grilled octopus (i liked  the raisins, almonds and lemon-flavor), and crab and ricotta cake (which was our favorite). They were all very delicious but SALTY. 
For pasta, Lasagne was the best thing. However, shrimp gnocchi had like 4 tiny pieces of shrimp and had not much flavor, along with the specials - lamb gnocchi....which was VERYx10 salty (there was no balance amongst the ingredients). 
We were hoping that the last course would surprise us. Grilled swordfish with bunch of good stuff.... specials were Sea Bass as a Whole roasted fish and grilled pork with balsamic vinegrette and some stuff.... But oh man...dried grilled pork and sodium-marinated swordfish.... Salty food parade just had to end with exhaustion with the sodium overdose. 
We had to ask to box the desserts (Tiramisu, lemon cake with blueberries on top, canoli with sprinkles of stuff....) because we wanted to get out asap. 
I guess I'm still on a mission to find the best or better Italian restaurant in Philly.Stopped by this place with my parents a while ago and was blown away by the food.  The tourista menu was perfect, left the place feeling very very full! We also enjoyed the complimentary shots of Sambuca.
The portions were perfect, I didn't think I was going to be able to finish the many dishes.  Inside was noisy but that didn't matter, i'm sure my family and I were just as loud! I definetley recommend making a reservation as you most likely would not be able to get a table without.Great Italian restaurant. Loved the menu. Really interesting combinations. Decided on the tasting menu which was priced very reasonably considering the large portions. Thank you to Lilly our waitress and chef/owner Peter who couldn't have been nicer to us as he walked around the dining room meeting and talking with all his dinner guests. Also, the busboy and other 2 waitress all very professional. Low keyed atmosphere and BYOB. Definitely make a reservation. We arrived and the dining room just starting to fill up but by the time we left, maybe one table available. Only downside is that we thought the food was a bit oversalted. Definitely will go back again.Modo Mio gets five stars.  I'll admit I was considering 4 because my entree wasn't exactly perfect, but I honestly think some of the other dishes were perfection.
I started this review months ago and I finally want to post it.  Modo Mio stays at 5 stars because I definitely plan to go back.   It was a special occasion the first time so I'm holding off on it, but without a doubt I want to go again.
I wish I could remember more of the specifics, but regardless so much of what we got was delicious!  It's a somewhat small space, but has a very comfortable atmosphere.  I consider the price range appropriate for a nice night out at a higher quality sit down restaurant.  
Plus we took advantage of their three (or maybe four) course meal deal which at the time was $35.   The food was more than worth that price and I cant wait for a chance to give this place another shot.   Even though the entree didn't blow me away the rest was amazing and there are plenty of other entrees I'm looking forward to trying.OK.. So I have been really bummed about my food experiences in Philly until Wednesday night.  We made reservations for four celebrating two birthdays.  We all decided to do the turista menu and were very pleased.
Bread w/Olive Oil = hearty bread with olive oil garnished with homemade ricotta :)
Mussels in red = AWESOME - ordered them hot and they were delicious! :)
Lasagna = silky pasta layered with bolognese and cheese - again AWESOME
Skirt Steak = OMG at this point I was FULL had a bite and wrapped up to go - will say this was a bit salty.
Chocolate Cake = THE BEST PART OF THE NIGHT!! :) SOOOO GOOOOOD!!!
For $45 this meal was a WOW(er) 
Planning our return visit very soon!Warm ambiance, attentive service, and very good food (and lots of it).  The Turista menu is a bargain at $33 but even ala carte it is difficult to spend $45 a person.Went Friday Night. The food was pretty good. Did the Turista menu, which I would strongly recommend because of the variety of food you get. Portions are medium so you end on the fuller side.
Can't give them higher than a 3 because if you go without reservation they treat you very rudely. I wanted a table for 2, and the waitress made us wait 20 mins before even telling us that the only table they had available was outside next to the kitchen door/garbage. I took a step inside to see the ambiance and was greeted with a waitress who tried to shoo me out immediately and rolled her eyes when I told her I just wanted to see the inside. We decided to take the seats but wish we hadn't. The whole time we would get shocked by the dishwashers slamming clean plates against the window. By the end of the night we had about 20 mosquito bites between the two of us, and had been shooing bugs away the whole time. Worth going to, if you are ok with the tightness of the space. Do not sit outside if you can help it. Get reservations or you will get treated like garbage.7pm: Two first-timers arrived eagerly with reservations, were told by a not-so-friendly host that our table wasn't quite ready. No big deal, it happens. 
7:01-7:24pm: Wait outside in the freezing cold.
7:25: Go back in to check on status of table. Still not ready, but we see plenty of empty and set tables. Confused. 
7:28: At last! Our table is available! Hooray!
7:45: Finally, our waiter has decided to acknowledge our presence. Wine is opened. Water is provided. Specials are shared. 
8:00: Waiter comes back to take our order. Yes, folks. It's been a full hour since our reservation was supposed to begin before we even order food.
8:16: Still no bread. No appetizers. No nothing. Sigh.
Slight break from the timeline for a moment. Our salad, pasta and entrees were served between 8:20-9:00 or so. Service was really slow. Our waiter was fine, just seemed a bit overwhelmed. Perhaps they were understaffed? 
9:15: Received check from waiter
9:18: Settled check with waiter
9:20: Here's the good stuff: The manager came over to our table and informed us that they needed our table for a large party and he basically told us to get out. I actually thought he was joking for a second. We just settled our bill two minutes ago, and we both had a full glass of wine in front of us. We waited almost a half hour for our reserved table and and now you're asking us to leave because you can't properly manage your restaurant? HUGE turnoff. 
End scene. 
I enjoyed the food. If it wasn't for the attitude of the host upon arrival, being shunned outside to wait for a reserved table, the eternal wait for bread, and the brazenness of the person I can only assume was a manager, I would give this place more stars. Factor all those things in with a FREEZING cold restaurant (I've been to hockey games that were warmer) and the decibel level inside (this place is LOUD, like, front row at Metallica kind of loud). Meh. I don't get it. I really wanted to love this place and I appreciate the menu and the food, I just can't see myself returning for the above reasons.My favorite italian byob in Philly! For $35 you get 4 courses. It is a great deal! Make sure to make a reservation since the place is small. But the food is delicious. The scallop appetizer that i orders was the best bite ever.Loved this place!   It's small and noisy, but that's the italian way.  Definitely the best italian food i've had since I lived in tuscany.Just got back from Modo Mio and couldn't even wait until morning to write a review- so... 3 glasses of wine should make this review pretty interesting :)
If you go here, get the 4 course pairing for $35. There's really no other way to go honestly. Normally I would write about each dish in detail, but this place is an exception. Everything I tasted, I mean EVERYTHING... from the homemade bread to the dessert, was spectacular. Nothing fell short of amazing. 
The only thing I have negative to say about or experience was that it did feel towards the beginning as if we were being a little rushed. We still had a couple mussels left in the bowl we were planning on eating and she grabbed them from us and we were all a little disappointed, but we learned in the following courses to hold on to our dishes a little longer. 
I literally can't wait to return to Modo Mio!!!First time  here with my husband to celebrate my 40th birthday . Loved everything about this restaurant ! The food and our waiter James were excellent!  We had a 4 course meal for $40 per person and everything was so delicious! They are moving to another location . There last day open at this location will be June 29th. So if you in the mood to try some real Italian cooking you  need to go and check this place out! Looking forward to come againModo Mio, you are amazing!  This restaurant has set a new standard for me for Italian dining (and perhaps for 5 star yelp reviews).  The turista tasting menu is the way to go.  And with 4 delicious courses for $33, you would be hard pressed to find a better deal in this city.  Highlights of my meal included the bucatini (thick, hollow spaghetti noodles) with pancetta, and the lamb.  The lamb was amazingly juicy and succulent!  As great as the first three courses were, the best part was dessert.  I have a dairy allergy, so none of the dessert options were an option for me, so they brought me a poached pear with a sweet and tart sauce (cranberry, I think) and walnuts.  In addition to this dessert being unique and tasty, I was just so happy to actually be able to eat dessert!  (Dessert was also accompanied by some complimentary sambuca.)  
You can expect some of the normal BYOB qualities:  It is crowded and loud, they only take cash, and you usually need  reservation.  But unlike many BYOs, at no point did I feel as thought they were trying to rush us along.  I had adequate time to enjoy my meal and service was top notch!  I would highly recommend Modo Mio.  Just be sure to make a reservation and eat a small lunch that day.  You will get a lot of food!Menu tirista is a great way to explore the menu and try everything! Be ready to eat a lot because you choose a starter, pasta, entree (meat) and dessert! But no worries non meat eaters! You can choose double pasta which is always a good choice! 
The capesante aka a jumbo scallop is one of the must trys. It is cooked to perfection with a crispy outside and placed on top of mozzarella and potato puré. It was my favorite dish until the entrees came out. I had a breaded veal that was so flavorful I almost asked to skip dessert and have a second. Good thing I didn't however because the tiramisu was one of the best in philly.
Don't be deceived by the small appearance of modo mio, it is on of the better Italian menus in the city!Best tasting menu in the city. Food is consistently 5 stars. Service is some of the best around. Homemade pastas, bread, and some of the most inventive seafood I've ever had. $35 for 4 courses, including their daily specials doesn't hurt either! Anyone complaining about noise level or tiny dining room needs to loosen up - it's an excellent BYO, what do you expect? Maybe you'd be happier in the 'burbs.Modo Mio is loud, cramped, and tough to get a reservation.
But the food is worth it.
Don't even think about not ordering the Turista. $37 for four courses is a good deal. $37 for four courses of some of the best Italian food in the city is a fantastic deal. The courses are portioned for a tasting menu, but you couldn't possibly leave hungry. 
Service is outstanding. Nothing more to say about that.
Cash only and BYOB. If you're not fully prepared, there's an ATM inside and a state store across the street.Wow! I suddenly feel like I've never really had Italian food until now. So many delicious and unexpected flavors in every dish. It was, as the waitress put it, "salt forward" with lots of olives and anchovies, and it made everything come together beautifully. Every plate, including dessert, was amazing. The decor is underwhelming, but the ambiance sets in after the sun goes down and the tables start to fill up. The staff are courteous and professional. The bathroom and ATM are located out of sight at the end of a hallway in the back which is nice. And this BYO is conveniently located across from the best wine shop in the city.You know how sometimes you go to a movie and it just did not live up to the hype? You leave disappointed.
Well Modo Mio is that movie that EVERYONE talked about. Oh but it lived up to the hype and beyond. I don't think I have ever been blown away by a meal the way I was there.
I went there with my boyfriend for our 7 year anniversary. I don't think in the 7 years that we have been dating had we been so excited about a meal. We knew what we were walking into to... and we were blind at the same time. We got the Menu Turista which we were told was the best for our first time. We were able to choose a dish from each Category on the menu (except sides and beverages) for a set price.
With each bite we moaned and swooned with appreciation for the flavors. We carefully chewed and tasted everything that was compiled on the plate. We even went as far as taking pictures of each dish we ordered. Not a single dish disappointed... and each time something new came out, our taste buds were shocked and stomachs in love.
The staff was great and seemed just as passionate about the food as we were. Our waiter offered suggestions when asked based off her preference and kept us up to date on the status of our food. They handled our beer and kept it chilled and always kept our water glasses filled. There was not a moment I felt like I was "waiting" on food because everything came out in increments that seemed timed perfectly.
I can easily say that Modo Mio is now one of my favorite places in the city. It embodies the passion for good rustic food, good services and a quaint atmosphere.Yesterday my son and new daughter- in law held their wedding ceremony and wedding dinner at Modo Mio.  I would like to commend the entire staff for the way they treated our family and guests, most especially Lucy and Gared, handling the front of the house. Nothing was too much trouble for them, including rearranging tables and place settings at the last minute, helping us to remove photos from their walls to replace them with photos of the bride and groom, last minute meal requests, and handling the end of our party and their waiting reservations for the rest of the evening( while we gathered up many centerpieces and gifts scattered about their restaurant). I am totally amazed and so impressed with this service! The food, as always was awesome and overly abundant ! No one left hungry. A wonderful time was had by all. Thank you , thank you , thank you ... You made our son's and new daughter's party something they were very proud of and will never forget!!!Truly, one of the best values in Philadelphia.  This place is beyond generous with the portions, kind service, and quality.   My fiance and I indulged in the Sunday Sugo yesterday.  
We could barely finish our left-overs from the $80 meal; including, a late-night snack, two lunches, and left-overs for dinner.  The most surprising part is that the quality was even more memorable than the quantity.  
So figure it out and make a reservation here for any occasion - Sugo or not.Modo Mio is a really pleasant dining experience.  The staff was really friendly, the small dining room was very quaint and the food was really tasty.  We did not go for the tourist menu because we didn't want to eat that much but what we did get was really tasty.  I got the an arugula salad and my husband got a calamari appetizer .  For pasta, we got Lasagna and a baked pasta with pancetta and a smoked cheese.  Both were excellent (watch out, both dishes were really hot from the oven).  I could not believe how inexpensive our meal was given the quality of the food.  Being a BYOB help that of course!  Highly recommended but make sure you have cash - they don't accept credit cards.This restaurant was super hyped up by people that I spoke with, and recommended by my girlfriend, so I agreed to check it out.  As a vegetarian that dabbles in chicken sometimes (when there just isn't any other choice and you don't feel like a kids grilled cheese meal), I called ahead and made a reservation and asked about vegetarian options.  I was told the chef would cater to me and create something fresh for our dinner.  At this point, I was pretty excited.  
The initial reaction to the restaurant when I got there was really positive; I liked how the enterance and the dining room were seperated, and the giant bread loaf near the window.  I started looking over the menu while sipping some water and saw that there was only one vegetarian option in each of the pre-fixe categories.  When our waiter came over to tell us about the food, I asked about the vegetarian options and was told that that was all that was available.  Additionally, on the topic of the waiter, he was a bit creepy in the sense that he was a 'close talker' who hovered right over my face and told us the specials.  It was a little off putting.  
The food ended up being mediocre, a cavetelli dish that I was neither here nor there about, a pepper stuffed with polenta which had an interesting texture, but again, did not wow me like I thought it would, and dessert which I cannot remember...  
Anyway, for vegetarian, I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're roped into it by a group of friends.  In that case, get something small and then splurge on some Taco Bell after.Modo Mio is one of those places that you have to find out about from friends or you won't even know it exists. It's almost like a hidden and well guarded secret that you don't want to let out to the public because it will get overwhelmed and abused. Seriously if people out in the open only knew how good this place really is you'd never be able to get there. Right now it's not so easy - better call a week ahead to make your reservation! If this is not enough for you then know the food is absolutely top notch unbelievable. It's the restaurant you take your best friends or the hottest date to if you really want to impress them. All that without having to rob a bank because for what you get the prices are vert friendly. So is the staff. I went twice already and I am most definitely coming back for all special occasions!All the ambiance of sitting in the living room of a cheap apartment with 40 drunk people.  The food is average at best.  I'm not mad, because it was free, and the servers are clearly busting their butts, but I'd never go back.I was happily in a food coma for hours after having the four course fixed menu. The first course was my absolute favorite. The crab mashed potatoes were absolutely delicious. The gnocchi and tiramisu were noteworthy as well. The only complaint is that the service was slow, however, the staff was extremely nice. Modo Mio, Keep on doing things your way!Amazing restaurant.. delicious food.. subway was running late due to "medical emergency", i called to let them know and they could not have been more sincere and thanked me for calling.. upon arrival two people asked me how our commute was... service=amazing.. there was not one time when my water was not full or dirty places were sitting in front of me.. best italian food i had in the city (closest to food in italy)....our waiter couldn't have been more helpful.. explained dishes, offered suggestions.. also appreciated that they informed me when making a resi that it was cash only establishment..food was delicious.. i had the torta, gnocchi, eggplant, and tiramisu (tourista option).... atmosphere is very laid back, almost like you at your grandmother house for sunday dinner...I agree with the overall 4.5 rating of this place. It offers brilliantly conceived and beautifully executed menu items in a very down-to-earth atmosphere. While it is quite a trek from Center City, the restaurant was packed on a Friday night. I believe the wait was 45 minutes for those without a reservation. It is a bit loud and space is tight, but it is not stuffy and the service was impeccable from everyone from beginning to end. If you forget to bring a drink to this BYOB, there is an extensive "wine list" to choose from in the form of a liquor store across the street. 
We went with the $37 Turista menu, which allowed for one selection from each of four courses: antipasta, pasta, secondi, and dessert. That's 8 items to try between 2 people and a very great deal! It was definitely a lot of food. We also ordered some extra items to try, but ended up taking a lot of leftovers home. 
The first few items we tasted really blew us away. There was an amuse-bouche consisting bruschetta (sorry, I forget which kind), delicious bread with olive oil and fresh ricotta (I cannot describe how amazing this bread is), and some appetizers: grilled squid, pan-seared tongue with egg (special), and crispy-fried lamb belly with scallop. These were all very tasty and complex in flavor and texture. I especially loved the refreshing touch of citrus that was a theme throughout. However, the squid pieces, while perfectly charred, were salted a bit too heavily. 
Another reason why I'm leaning more toward 4 stars instead of 5 is that few of the subsequent items really blew me away. The Agnolotti (rabbit ravioli) definitely did - beautifully flavored filling enveloped by house-made pasta shells in sage brown butter. However, the chocolate duck tortellini did not particularly stand out. I did not taste any chocolate, nor duck - just a bland, slightly too thick covering of pasta around some kind of salty filling. The skate wing special was also a bit bland. The fish was nicely textured, but could have used some crisp and a bit of citrus or other flavoring. The veal cheek was good in every area other than texture, which I felt was too homogeneous. 
Before dessert, each of us had a shot of sambuca (anise-flavored liqueur), which added a very nice touch. The desserts themselves - mascarpone and chocolate chip cheesecake, flourless chocolate torte, and a cream and chocolate filled crepe - were good, but I've had better versions of each elsewhere. 
Despite some less-than-perfect menu items, I would still come back for the rabbit ravioli, the bread, and the appetizers. I'd try some new entrees and might skip dessert. We were lucky this time because there was a parking spot in front of the restaurant practically calling our names when we arrived, but parking seems generally difficult to find in the neighborhood, so I would definitely plan ahead for that. I'd also bring plenty of cash since the restaurant is cash-only.This neighborhood gem in Northern Liberties serves some of the best Italian food outside of Italy.  With an emphasis on regional Italian cuisine, fresh ingredients, and exciting dishes, Modo Mio is definitely an experience worth trying.  Aside from some mishaps in the service, this BYO is definitely recommended for those who want to try something off the beaten path (i.e. something north of Center City).
The best way to experience the menu is the Menu Turistica, which allows you one antipasto, pasta, entree, and dessert for $33 (side dishes and beverages are extra).  The menu changes seasonally so you can expect new dishes each time you go.  Of the 8 dishes we shared, my favorites were the grilled calamari served with green olives, toasted almonds, and greens; the veal and rabbit stuffed ravioli in sweet brown sage butter, and a stewed lamb casserole in a rich tomato broth served with apricot, olives, and goat cheese.  They also make an exquisite carrot cake (which I usually hate).  The portions are also perfectly sized: not too big to overwhelm you but not too small either; great for sharing if you choose to do so.
Despite how amazing and sumptuous the meal was, there is definitely room for improvement.  The bread here is good but used in nearly every dish, and got a little tiresome by the third course.  The service was also a bit off: we had to wait beyond our reservation time and our waiter ignored us for the first ten minutes we were sitting down (he later apologized and comped us a contorni).  Also, we did not get the digestivo shots at the end of the meal like the other patrons (which would have helped since I was feeling quite full).
Nevertheless, I'm glad I went and can't wait to come back for another special occasion.  The food is excellent and is definitely worth any serious foodie's while.  Two other notes: bring cash (Modo Mio does not accept credit cards) and make reservations ahead of time (at least a day or two in advance).CASH ONLY.  Meat lovers, your heaven awaits at Modo Mio.  I'm not talking your average carnivore options here... I'm talking about selections like goat, lamb, carpaccio, rabbit, calf's liver and veal.  There are limited options for those who are faint-of-heart when it comes to adventurous foods... but if you feel like taking a chance you should do it at Modo Mio.  They do it right.
I was lucky enough to have my first visit just a week or so ago... and it was probably the best BYO i've been to in Philly.  You MUST do the Menu Turista - the portions are not too big and you get to try several things on the menu for a great price.  I believe they change up the menu fairly often, and the selections online don't always match up with the selections of the day.  Ask the server's recommendations - they did not disappoint.EXCELLENT!
Been there a handful of times and already looking forward for more good stuff.  The tourista deal is surely losing them money; 4 courses for $30!?
Everything was great last time I went with a party of 9, in fact, it seemed even better then the last time I was there.
Great place, make a reservation for sure.Unbelievable.  The 40$ tasting menu is an affordable splurge and a great value.  My partner and I went for our mutual birthdays (she's the 28th, I'm the 23rd).  Our server Richie was helpful, attentive, and enhanced the already incredible food.  Great espresso and dessert too.  We will be back, stop reading this and go feast!I hate to say, I'm really not a fan of this place. Everyone raves about it but I just don't get it. My boyfriend and I have been here twice (we gave it a second chance), and have been disappointed both times. Both times we got the pre fixe menu which is a very inexpensive one. The food seemed like it was trying to be very creative and interesting, but for us, it jus fell flat. It's also very buttery (which should be a good thing!) but had so much butter, both of us had stomach aches after eating our meals.
The atmosphere is great, service was very nice, and love that it's a BYOB. However, we were unimpressed by the food both times. We won't be back for a thirdA fantastic meal - snails that were just wonderful balls of butter, agnolotti stuffed with rabbit - fresh pasta - skate wing and hazelnut torte - incredible meal and lovely service - will revisit - very inventive menuAlways great service, food is impeccable and price is just right.
Get the Turista Menu and bring multiple bottles of wine.
I've been here 4 times now with different groups of friend and every person is always pleased.ve been trying to get to Modo Mio for months and months, but circumstances keep thwarting me. When I finally made it, I decided to go with the menu turista - the "tourist" or pre fix menu - in order to sample as many dishes as possible.
Modo Mio is a small and very popular establishment, full even on weekdays. Certainly make a reservation if you plan to go, and enjoy the intimate space (and lovely antique buffet table that holds linens and serves as a giant bread board). And go ahead and order the turista menu - at $33 it's a delicious steal. Add BYOB status, and I can't wait to take friends and out-of-town guests! We had to sit by the door, but the food made up for it! 
The service was great (and I love that they just give you one piece of bread at a time, not a whole basket!) and, unlike some small (and famous) BYOBs they were very accommodating to little old vegetarian me. I really appreciate it! And will be happy to return.If you're looking for the best Italian restaurant in Philadelphia, and probably in all of Pennsylvania, you've found it. Modo Mio is exquisite in every way. Two quick notes before we get started: Modo is cash only and BYO, so hit the ATM and the wine and spirits store on the way.
Our server, Lucy, is fantastic. You won't find a more conscientious, considerate, or fun server anywhere - so don't bother looking, just come to Modo Mio instead. She really knows her stuff when it comes to wine and can guide you in the right direction, and she'll also assure you that, really, there are no bad directions when it comes to wine. She manages to be warm and funny while also being polished and professional at all times. It's worth a visit to just for Lucy!
Let's talk about the food. Oh. My. God. I'm Italian, I was raised with an Italian grandmother whose lasagna would make you weep, and my standards for Italian food are unbelievably high. Believe me when I tell you the food is out of this world. Perfectly cooked, perfectly spiced, every dish, every time. You could close your eyes and point to something on the menu and no matter what it's going to delight your lucky little taste buds. 
If you're in the area on a Sunday, you should definitely come to Modo for Sugo Sunday - especially if you're with a significant other. Lucy describes it as a "hundred dollar date" - dinner for two, wine, tip, hundred dollars, easy as pizza pie. There's no menu and no decision-making - just let your server know if you have any allergies and then sit back and enjoy the parade of delicious that comes your way. The offerings are a little bit different every time, so keep coming on Sundays, you won't get bored. Eat your way through a medley of Italian favorites. I'd say leave room for dessert, but it's just too good - but don't worry, once you see the dessert you'll find a way to cram it in. Just make sure you bring a friend to roll you home after you stuff yourself, and to carry the leftovers. It doesn't matter if you don't eat all day leading up to it - there is just too much food. You can make your coworkers jealous by having the rest for lunch on Monday. Put an end to lackluster Mondays with leftover Sugo Sunday dinner from Modo Mio! And make sure to ask for Lucy, because did I mention she's awesome?Went here for an anniversary dinner, because I'd heard such good things about it. It's very tiny, cramped, and noisy, so I'm not sure whether I would go here for a "date-y" dinner again, and the decor was a little odd... also, the waiter was kind of overbearing and a little bit creepy. We were half an hour early for our reservation, but were seated promptly. Since it's so packed, the people you are sitting next to can make or break the experience. First we were seated next to an extremely friendly party of 6 who sent us complimentary drinks after chatting for a while. After them, though, grouchy, horrible, prima donnas replaced them, snapping at the waiter things like, "What do you mean, this is ridiculous. We're the kind of people you WANT to have at your restaurant!!!!"
The food that I had was uniformly fantastic and a great deal at $32 for four courses. I started off with the cotechino, which was a ridiculous concoction involving sausage, "fried crema", and a poached egg on top (!!!) It came looking vaguely basket-like, with that egg nestled delicately in the top of it all, just ready to cover the plate in yolk and wonder. For a second course, the agnolotti, fresh ravioli filled with veal and rabbit, the pasta so tender and thin that I could barely pick it up with my fork, and had to push the cut bits on with the knife. The third course was a daily special, a flaky fried skate wing with briny capers and fresh tomatoes. And for a dessert, sticky, chocolatey semifreddo and a cappuccino. 
I don't remember what my boyfriend ordered, but vegetarians might have trouble here. We had emailed them beforehand to ask whether or not they could accommodate a vegetarian diet, and the response was that the chef could do so and selections changed often. There was, however, only one vegetarian option for each course, if that (for the first we had to order the bruschetta without anchovy), so your options are v. limited. He liked everything he ate, but wasn't as over-the-moon about the food as I was (except the tiramisu, which was devoured promptly). Omnivores are clearly at an advantage at this restaurant.
All in all, though, the food more than made up for any defects.Best Italian. Hands down. Both of us have been to Italy and we loved it. Definitely felt like we got that good good. I will update it later :)Outstanding!  Best Italian food I've ever had in the Unites States, maybe second or third best if you include places I've eaten at in Italy.  (And I've definitely eaten at my share of Italian places in NYC, Boston, Philly, and SF). Everything here is made from scratch with an amazingly creative, yet simple combination of flavors in perfect balance.  This place "gets" the essence of Italian food.
I've lived in SF for the past year and I pine for this place every time I eat yet another mediocre meal in North Beach (SF's "Italian" district).  My GF and I can't wait to eat here when we return to Philly for the holidays!
Here's to you, Modo Mio!  You've set the standard of Italian cuisine for the others.Came here on a Friday night. Waited 15 minutes for our reservation at 9:15. Not bad. But it gets worse. Our waiter left us for 25 minutes had to flag him down and order. They ran out of two dishes and had to come to our table twice to tell us this. The food is okay feels very family style and warm. But courses don't come out on time waiters seem confused and overworked. The whole place just seems like some guy was like 'yeah.. ill try and open an Italian place why not!' 
Waits long, portions are small, restaurant is loud. I really don't understand why this place is rated so high. Maybe people came here on a less busy night? Wouldn't come back. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
So much better Italian in the city. Like in my apartment.. with a bottle of wine and store bought ravioli.
And the manager had an attitude on top of it. Wanted to leave half way through the meal.This restaurant is proof positive that it's more about the food than it is the location...this location had several failed restaurants before and sits on a strip of Girard notorious for closed "pretty good" restaurants.  
And thank goodness this place taught me that "Italian" isn't all pasta and vodka sauce.  (Which has its place, but I'm not paying for that at a restaurant.)  
Modo Mio's tourista menu is ridiculous.  If the food alone weren't the best, hands down, of any restaurant I've ever been to time and time again, the pricing for this 4 course meal is out of this world.  $33...I can't believe the chef/owner still does this but alas, I returned recently to find out this menu is still available.  
Book well in advance...this place is always full.  It's small and you get packed in...I've seen some Philebrities in there but mostly, it's filled with saavy suburbanites who must have taken their first trip to Kensington in 20 years to go to this place.  
My friends and I repeatedly say that while the food quantity isn't much, don't be fooled at first glance thinking you won't be full.  The flavors are so rich, you'll have to roll out of there.This place is amazing. I made a reservation based on Yelp's reviews/high ratings and I'm so glad I did. Came here on a double date and we were all beyond happy with our meal.
Our waiter was extremely friendly and patient and every person from the Modo Mio staff that I interacted with maintained this polite and affable nature. I was torn between trying to do the turista menu or just ordering a pasta and with the help of the waiter, I decided to order a pasta. They accommodated my request to remove the pancetta from the bucatini dish which came in a tomato based sauce. My girlfriend ordered the tagliatelle without chicken liver and I think it may have been my favorite. The pasta ribbons tasted especially fresh and the black truffle sauce was delicious. 
The one thing I knew I wanted to try no matter what was the almond cheesecake. It was absolutely amazing. I usually don't like almonds in desserts but this was something else. The crust of the cheesecake was crunchy because of the almonds and like nothing I've ever had before. I may have been on the fence of whether this place deserved 5 stars but this cheesecake made my decision for me.My boyfriend and I went here for our 4 year anniversary. I have to say it was one of the best meals I have eaten in the city of Philadelphia. I normally would never choose to go out to eat Italian food. But after this meal my prospective has changed. We will return. Best value for our buck for getting the turista menu. 4 courses for $35!!! The downside is that it is cash only. Other than that our server was the BEST! It did not take long for the courses to come out. Everything was paced right.So disappointing.  To start, we were kept waiting 30 minutes past our reservation time, which was especially annoying after leaving friends and traveling across the city to get to Modo Mio on time.  We were apologized to by staff and assured that our waiter would be informed and it would be made up to us.  
The antipasti's were above average.  I got the crab mashed potatoes, which was essentially a large serving of lump crap dunked in potato.  While it could have used a bit of a stronger flavor, I'll never complain about chunks of crab.  GF got the spicy red mussels which were good.  Enjoyed the sauce.  Bread was brought after asking the server multiple times.  
My pasta dish was not good.  Chocolate flavored pasta with duck and pistachio cream sauce.  The only way I can describe this dish is that it tasted like chicory beer, which is straight gross.  Just a poor tasting dish all around.  And did not at all look appetizing either - a big plate of brown mush.  GF did like her pasta dish.  Enjoyed the spice.  It was a sausage and spinach pasta.  Her favorite dish.  
Sweet bread - Now, this I'll say I took a stab at as I was curious to try it.  Tasted a bit chalky.  I did not enjoy it, but I can't say with any certainty whether or not it was simply because I don't like the dish.  GF got the pork.  Looked incredibly unappetizing and was stringy.  Could have got a much better pork sandwich at paesano's (speaking of which, I can't believe how much I love paesano's and disliked Modo Mio!).  
Desserts were good.  We got an extra one on the house to make up for our wait.  But by this point, we were full, tired and generally unhappy with our meal.  Too little too late.  I will say the panna cotta was the best thing I ate.  
Overall, the long wait time put a bad taste in my mouth and the food was at best uninspiring and at worst a poor meal.  For $95 (2 turista tasting menus and tip) I should not leave feeling disappointed.I must say, I had high hopes for this place, but my party of 7 was pretty much let down.
First, they came out with a tiny bite of gorgonzola and fig jam on their house bread, which was quite delectable but packed a pretty salty punch for its size. Next, the bread came and while the interior was hearty and delicious, the crust was insanely hard. The accompanying porcini olive oil with ricotta was ok, but the ricotta was pretty flavorless.
The wildly different and delicious-sounding appetizers all had the same thing in common: WAY TOO SALTY. It's really a shame though because ricotta crab cakes and mussels in a spicy red sauce are right up my alley. The eggplant roll looked gorgeous, but pretty standard, and the chicken liver cannoli sounded very interesting but definitely not my cup of tea, nor the friend of mine who ordered it. 
Now for the pastas. Again. Really salty. I got the veal and beef ravioli, and they would've tasted so much better if the kitchen went lighter with the salt. It's a good thing the sauce was a lightened broth rather than a heavy tomato or cream sauce though-I can only imagine the sodium levels then.
Continuing on this downward trend, I think the entrees might've been the most atrocious in taste and presentation. 3 people got the veal cheek and all agreed that the tomato-ey sauce with orange gremolotta tasted canned with a sickly. sweet, sour, weirdness going on. My pork tenderloin was, you guessed it, SALTY, with the addition of cheese and sopressata and a tasteless weird sauce whose ingredients I am completely unsure of; however, I've never had an egg before that had the 'fried' texture without that unpleasant skin. It had the most pleasant crunch to it-utterly extraordinary. 
And finally dessert. They gave us a round of some kind of licorice-flavored alcohol, which was really good considering I hate licorice. And they gave us 7 different desserts: basil panna cotta with pistachios, flourless chocolate cake, an apple cake with caramel and vanilla ice cream, layered genoise cake I think, some kind of semi-freddo, a ricotta tart, and I can't remember the last. I guess dessert was my favorite because it was a break from all the salt, but I remember the panna cotta being unique yet too gelatinous and the semi-freddo being a blob of 1 texture at room temperature-no 'freddo' here. 
Overall, I appreciate the innovative nature of Modo Mio, especially in a city where Italian is overplayed and overpriced, but execution is really all that matters in the end. I have to give the service 5 stars though. Our waiter was really attentive and helpful, and this is the best dining experience that I've ever had in Philly. So if you're tired of being treated poorly and want a delightful dining experience, come. Who knows, maybe their next menu won't be quite so offensive.I had to organize a conference dinner for 35 people and we had it here. They went above and beyond the call of duty and everyone was very satisfied. Several of the people who live in Philadelphia were shocked at the quality and mentioned that they look forward to bringing their friends and family here to try it.Every year I try a new spot on my birthday, and this year a good friend of mine insisted on taking me here.   She nailed it; best birthday dinner I have had in my 30 years of existence.  It's a byob so of course we elected to bring an assortment of beers, as well as some tequila in a mason jar...why... because we're classy like that!  If you forget your bottle don't fret, there is a liquor store directly across the street that will fulfill all your needs/wants!
  If your looking for well constructed, balanced fine Italian plates then this is your spot! When I have the pleasure of experiencing a place like this I strive for the "perfect bite" (a mouthful consisting every element of the plate) as often as possible...the result, a culinary erection on more than one occasion!  My date and I both elected to go with the tasting menu while here which worked out very well because enabled us to try 2 plates from each course.  I have to say it was the first time in awhile that I had trouble looking for something to complain about.  This could partially be due to the fact that by the time the 3rd course was placed in front of us I was fairly saucy (ohh birthday tequila) but I couldn't stop eating.  The executive Chef Peter even went out of his way to come over and chat with us table side.  
  If your looking for a great date spot, look no further!  Intimate, yet not too formal.  The wait staff isn't in your face, they give you the room you need/want/expect in an establishment like this.  They paid just enough attention to us, and all of our courses we're well timed!Beyond amazing! It's BYOB, and you'll want to bring two bottles for all the food you're going to down. There's a really nice Wine and Spirits across the street. While the service can be a little slow (hey, there's probably close to 50 or so people in there at all times), they make up for it with smiles and charisma. The food cannot be described as anything less than five star. I'm impressed that the chef rotates the menu as often as he does. They like to experiment with what is currently in season. You would think that they'd stick with their main staples, but they seem to be good at making anything. They're risky, and I like that. Moderately priced Italian fair. If you can, go there on a Sunday for their Italian-style family brunch. It's basically a ton of pasta for you and your friends in massive bowls. Call ahead because spots fill up quickly (rightfully so).The first time I ate here the food was good, as well as the service, I would say it was 5 star.
The second time was not good. Too many dishes were redundant, like when my friend ordered a mussels dish. Then she ordered another dish (that she didn't realize had mussels because the menu did not state mussels being included) arrived.
I ordered a fish that was so bland, apparently they forgot to add flavor.  I ordered another dish that had anchovies, wow, it had so much salt in it that it burned my mouth. My friend tried a bite and it burned her mouth as well. I told the waiter, and he said that they would make the dish for me all over again. I told him not to worry about it, but he insisted.  Their way of preparing the dish for me all over again was to simply put it in the microwave. Obviously it was still SUPER-SALTY, even my other friend took a bite and it burned her mouth as well from the overabundance of salt. I politely told the waiter that the dish was not new and was merely microwaved. He denied it. He even insisted that the cook had not added salt to the anchovy dish. At this point I felt as though my intelligence had been insulted.
Modo mio needs to hire cooks/a chef who have actually educated themselves on preparing dishes with anchovies and on using herbs and spices in order to introduce flavor to fish.Really terrific.  Great service.  We went for the Sunday dinner meal.  The appetizers have such distinct flavors -- pickled vegetables, roast vegetables, beans, cheese, and so on.  Pasta and meats are great too.  This is a "hidden gem" in Northern Liberties that everyone should visit."When I can't get a reservation here, I'd rather eat at home..."
I've been to Modo Mio at least twenty times-and EVERY time I leave the restaurant with a smile on my face.  I'm the guy that tries so hard to choose something new and different from the menu, but when I place my order, I generally stick with my favorites:  the polpo (amazing combination of flavors and with all of the chef's food, perfectly seasoned), or the saltimbocca:  a grown-up grilled cheese and worth running a 5K for, the bucatini pasta (all pastas are homemade) carbonara-style and the breaded ribeye with egg, prosciutto and provolone are definitely on my list for the perfect "Last Supper."   Don't overlook the daily specials as the chef incorporates the most in season items in these dishes.  Not to be missed and a reason why I work out?  The bread.  AHHHHH!!  One bite of this perfectly baked carb and you will be hooked, just like me.  It is THE BEST bread I have ever had.  Desserts are understated, and the perfect finish to an amazing meal.  You can't beat the Turista Menu for $34 and with BYOB, it's a great way to have a phenomenal meal at a great price.  For large groups, reserve the circular table in the back of the restaurant to minimize the loudness of the dining room on busy evenings.  The entire staff works so hard to please their guests and I'm one of many that will return again and again.  Just save me a seat.
One more thing:  check out Modo Mio's new sister sandwich place across the street, Paesano's.Had reservations at 915 pm on a Saturday night. My husband and I showed up at 906 pm and were told by the female hostess that it would be a few minutes before she could seat us and that we could go wait outside...  Like we were somehow invading her space and taking up room in the empty forum in front of the restaurant. Like I want to wait outside on the street corner when it's now 930 and we still haven't been seated? I think if she was more cordial about it I wouldn't be pissed right now but customer service and hospitality go a long way. If I make reservations for 2 at 915 that's when I expect to be seated and not standing on the corner. If the food and remaining service is impeccable I will update my review.
Update: impeccable service... Once we were sat down the waiter took great care if us. When we initially came in, the waiter asked us how we were doing and my husband voiced his displeasure. From that point on, the waiter and the chef in the back did everything they could to make up for the initial inconvenience. The food and service and ambiance was amazing. Will come back. Thank you to waiter and kitchen for being so accommodating.If you're in the city and looking for a spectacular place to eat with wonderful service, this place is it. The byob option keeps the bill down. The food is ALWAYS amazing. I've come back multiple times and I am never disappointed. The kitchen uses seasonal ingredients to offer the best possible selections on the menu. The menu turista is the best option but even if you don't choose that route you won't be disappointed. The gluten free options are simply the best. The gf baguette is sourced locally from Taffet's bakery in little Italy and is the best I've ever had. They are exceptionally accommodating and will cater to your needs. The service is always on point. Make sure to come hungry and bring cash! Best Italian/gf spot and my favorite restaurant to go to in Philadelphia/possibly anywhere.Holy shit, best food I've ever had. 
tourisa menu gives you 4 courses for $34 
this isn't really the Italian food your thinking of. no spagetti here just stuff more awesome than that. 
I'm a fan and will return again, and again. 
The space is small  so it gets loud but shouldn't every restaurant?This has to be one of the best restaurants I've been to in Philly. We got a four course meal, and the duck main course that I got was absolutely delicious. Dessert was also amazing, and so was every course. They are moving locations, so I hope they keep the food quality.Dined here for the first time yesterday and it will definitely be my last!!!! 
food: 
They have a 4 course menu option for $40 (the price was raised). I wasn't that hungry so I opted to just get just a main entree. I ordered the chicken piccata which was 1 medium sized piece of chicken breast for $20. The biggest rip off ever... Basically come here only if you're hungry enough for a 4 course meal or else ordering off the menu is a rip off. Also, it was very salty.
Service:
SO slow. Our dinner on a Wednesday night took 2 hours.... We we're waiting so long to first be waited on, then our food came out slow, then we would sit and wait for the waiter to come back when we're done. The worst part, when I ordered my entree he was trying to push more food on me disappointed that I opted out of the 4 course. Also, all his recommendations were the most expensive - never trust waiters that do that!!! 
Modo mio - living in no Libs I was excited to try this place but I won't be back.I have to agree with what everyone has said.   This is probably the best Italian food I have ever had in Philadelphia and at the best value ($32 for a four course meal!).  I went with my boyfriend and we simply ordered whatever the waitress recommended.  Everything was spot on amazing!!  The entrees were a bit salty, but we still cleaned our plates.  We also got a complementary shot of licorice liquor at the end of our meal.  Delic!
Added bonus is that it's like a four minute walk from the Girard station on the blue line.What can I say that hasn't already been said. This is not Italian food for the meatballs and gravy crowd, just authentic, no frills, hearty, delicious, seasonal fare worthy of your best wine. and all at a great price. The tourista menu is flat out the best deal in the city. It's refreshing to see some of the adventurous dishes on the menu such as rabbit, chicken livers, veal cheek and sweetbreads. Bravo to chef Peter McAndrews for not caving in to the ordinary. Yes it's tough to get a reservation but that might tell you something about the experience and quality. so just book a few weeks in advance and stop your wining....So far best Southern Italian food ever i have ever tasted in US also Italy. I have been to Italy eat in so many places but this place made me feel really really good. Every portion, professionally prepared i haven't seen anything made me think " och, oohh no etc". My best of 2015 Modo MioFood was phenomenal.  We did the tasting menu and I loved that we could get a little of a lot of different options at a reasonable price with reasonable portions.  The scallop appetizer was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  It was perfect.  The rabbit pasta was very good but the gnocchi my companions ordered was better.  The stuffed trout was absolutely delicious - I wouldn't change a thing!  Finally dessert - we each got something different and the chocolate flourless torte was the best.  They are BYOB and cash only - but there is a spirits store across the street and an ATM on the premises.  Oh yes, the homemade bread served at the start is also very tasty with a salted crust and served with a smooth hummus.  Our waitress was a bit flighty but overall very friendly and eager to please.  She was attentive and overall service was excellent.  Atmosphere is the one area where the restaurant could improve.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't much to see.  But if you appreciate the food - this is the place to go!Fantastic food that will fill you up but the service sucks. We werent given menus for over 15 minutes. I looked around at one point and no one at other tables, including ours, had food or drinks. They ran out of bread. They didnt bring us drink refills or more olive oil until we asked a few times. It took us 3 hours to get through dinner because they were so slow. The restaurant is so loud my voice is sore the next day from screaming at the person across the table from me. The waiters were not attentive even though the restaurant probably has less than 20 tables. Oh and the atm was out of cash and its a  ash only place. I was told to go to the bank across the street. I went to two of them and neither atms were open so I had to go to acme instead.Truly disappointing experience. First, the smell of cigarettes; second the bad food ( the calamari salad was soggy and sweet; the arugula far from fresh; the presentation sloppy). My friend could not finish her chicken nor the bruschetta. The service was pretty bad too- 35 minutes for the antipasti.  It was so bad that I won't even bother giving it another chance.Oh my Modo Mio.  This is place is fantastic.  With a revolving menu (or so it seems), I've always had a different meal at this place and I haven't been disappointed yet.    I always go with the $35 4 course meal to ensure that I'm very full and I've tried a little bit of everything.  I wish I could remember the names of the dishes I had, but I assure you pretty much everything is great.  The bread is a little hard though, so beware.
As for the location, it's sorta on the fringe of Fishtown, NoLibs, and Kensington, so I'd be careful not too park too far north and west.  Generally I find a spot right out front so it's not a big deal, just be aware.
The ambiance is simple.  It's a small place and the tables are close to each other, so if that's not your thing, beware.  Also, make sure you make reservations, even on week nights it tends to really fill up.  
And did I mention BYO?Enjoyed the food here, although I thought the portions were a little tiny. 
Went with a group of 6 and we had a chance to try and share a lot of the items on the menu. Normally I don't eat duck, veal or pork, but I decided to give them a shot because they didn't have any "ordinary" beef or chicken dishes. I'm really glad I tried them because some of the dishes were just superb. I just wish the portions were bigger.
The waitstaff was also very friendly.
PS- I couldn't stop eating their bread. It was most likely one of the best I ever had.For our family birthday dinners we like to go to good restaurants throughout the city. This was by far one of the worst birthday dinners ever! I was excited to go based on rave reviews from my fiancé. We went there for the Sunday dinner and all I can say is that I was sorely disappointed...and she was too.  The food was below average and the portions for 6 adults and 2 children were small. Maybe we caught them on a bad night or maybe it's better when it's not the Sunday dinner. All I can say is my experience was bad, so bad that I'll never go back. There are so many better Italian restaurants that I don't want to take the chance of wasting money again.The menu and meal was only sub-par to the amount of reviews/stars that I have seen from other reviewers. The price for the food is more expensive than what is presented.I'm always afraid to finally go to a place that I've been highly anticipating and have spent way too much time reading Yelp reviews on.  I had super high expectations going into this meal, and I'd say that they were met, but not exceeded.  Ah, the woes of an obsessive review-reader.
Even on a weeknight, this place can get really busy (and LOUD).  They accidentally double booked our reservation and my dining partner and I had to wait for about a half hour before being seated.  They were very apologetic and brought us all four desserts on the menu as a courtesy.  Ummm yes, apology accepted!  Anyway, on to the food!
I really can't imagine why you wouldn't do the turista menu - it's a great deal and gives you a chance to really explore the menu.  The portions are definitely bigger than "tapas" size, so I had some trouble eating every bite of my four courses,  but thankfully my DP had a big appetite. 
The spicy mussels with red sauce were in a word, delectable.  I order mussels literally every time I get a chance, and these were some of the best I've had in Philly.  This was absolutely the highlight of my meal.  The fried egg on top of the lasagna really makes it unique.  It's pretty heavy as a second course, but the combination of textures and flavors was well worth it.  I ordered the skate wing as my entree but I wasn't a big fan.  It was my first experience with skate though, so I really can't comment on the taste or quality.
The fact that there is a liquor store across the street is probably one of the best things about this BYOB.  Great place for a date or a long catch up with a friend - lots of food to try and chat over, but be careful: the pace of the meal makes it very easy to accidentally go through two bottles of wine!My hubby and I have eaten here on several occassions.  Food has never disappointed.  We chose the 4 course meal and looked forward to every dish delivered to the table.  Staff is also very attentive!The food was good but the waiter rushed us through our meal then we got the boot.  No chill time and an abrupt ending to our 5:00 seating. With no one waiting as far as I could tell. But i would go back but not on a busy night. Very good place for sure.We've been coming to Modo Mio regularly for five years and have never been disappointed by the food or the service.  We use Modo Mio as both our "go-to" restaurant and as our "special event" restaurant.  We've never had to wait (reservation,  reservation, reservation) and have dropped in and been accommodated.  EVERYTHING is great. The array of unusual dishes in each of the fixe prix categories does create a desire to be more than one or two people in order to try the many ways seemingly disparate ingredients are combined to make amazing flavors and textures - chicken liver and figs - wow!  The lasagna is really specially, as the vitello - veal and anchovies?!  If the portions were larger, very few people would ever reach the secondi course.  Noisy when crowded? Yes, but even with my poor hearing, I can carry on a conversation at the table. It is crowded and table are relatively close to one another, but if they had fewer tables, then fewer of us would be able to enjoy an outstanding dinner.  If you want to go to a quiet place with only a few diners, I would guess that the food there wouldn't be drawing in customers.  An empty restaurant usually means one thing....  Modo Mio should be a big secret, but the word is out, and we'll just have to live with that!Place is a must try. get the tasting menu! everything is great!
go early if you don't like loud/cramped places. 
BYOBWas pleasantly surprised with all the food - shocked by some of the flavors and how strong they were. The $33 fixed menu is a pretty sweet deal.this is probably one of the best prix fix menus hands down.  located on an unassuming strip of girard avenue, the interior is simple but warm.  the service is unhurried and friendly.  we came on a sunday night for the sugo sunday meal.  what what a meal it was.
the first course is a huge antipasto course with salumi, pate, an enormous plate of 10 different marinated/roasted salads and cheeses and olives plus a warm garbanzo bean calamari ragu.  
stretch the belt for the 2nd course: one plate of lasagna with rich ricotta, a plate of buccatini/gnocci/rigatoni in a simple herb infused red sauce, and then a gigantic plate of tender and flavorful meatballs/sausage/chicken/pork. 
bring out the leftover boxes.
oh we're not done.  then comes a fresh arugula radicchio salad which is perfectly dressed with lemon and pecorrino and has a bitter acidic bite which is the best palate cleanser.
and finally, the dessert.  wine poached fruit, tirimisu and a chocolate cake.
AND THIS IS FOR TWO PEOPLE! 
come hungry.  it's byo.  best meal in a long time.$$ not $$$. This is my favorite BYOB in Philly hands down. It's not the absolute best meal I've ever had, but combine the service, price, and ever evolving menu and there is no beating Modo Mio. It's so refreshing to have top level service without the unnecessary fluff. And it's so small and unassuming and always packed that you can even bring your little one without the stares. Definitely the best meal I've had with my kid at the table. I guess my only complaint, if I must, and it only stands out in my head because everything else is always so delicious, is the bread. Eh. I would expect a little more from Modo. But perhaps it is a blessing in disguise to assure there is enough room for the yummy goodness ahead. Definitely make your reservations in advance folks!Can't wait to go back again! Sweet breads were fantastic and tongue was amazing as well. The wait staff was super friendly and had a passion for the food too!I have to agree that this is the BEST deal in the city! For $33 a four course tasting menu that is out of this world!  I went with a couple friends and we brought two bottles of wine with us.  They were about $10 a piece, which is how much one drink would run you anywhere.  I started with the pan seared scallop which was TO DIE for!  Then, I got the gnocchi, which was cooked perfectly.  There is a huge margin of error when cooking gnocchi, but this was perfect, just tender enough with out being doughy.  I finished with prosciutto-wrapped duck which I thought was a little over cooked for my liking, but the flavor was great.  They gave us a plate of four desserts to split between the three of us to finish it off and then three shots of sambuca.  It was a great start to a great night.  Will certainly go back again because you can't beat this deal in the city!I don't award 5 stars lightly. The food was so so so good. Great variety. Pre fix menu you get app entree and dessert. Yum! Plus it's a BYO. Good service. Can't wait to go here again!Well, went to Modo Mio last night...and that's something for me, to go somewhere that's not going to have a burger to fall back onto.
We wanted to have the escargot, but the menu on the website wasn't updated, so they didn't have them.
I had instead the Sformato, which was a little cloud of riccotta with lump crab meat, and it was delish.
My companion had what appeared to be a salad with some shreaded pork in it...not quite sure what it was, but it was good.
For the pasta course, we tried the cavatelli, with some peppers and maybe an anchovy, I really couldn't tell what was in there, but it was really good.
I had the rabbit ravioli, and having never tasted rabbit, that was a big deal for me.  It tasted strangely enough like some kind of sausage to me, but it could have been the sage...it was good, the pasta itself was beautiful, light and airy...
I had the veal for an entree, (had intended on having the crispy duck breast, but it wasn't on the menu, only a duck leg, so I passed on the duck)...the veal was magnificent.  Veal is one of my favorites anyway, but this was really spectacular.  If I was forced to find fault, the only thing I could think of was a little too much pancetta on it, so that its salty smoky taste almost overtook the delicate veal...but it was great.
We also ordered the ribeye steak, and I don't have any idea what was going on in that dish, but it was also excellent.
A square of flourless chocolate cake, (great) and a kind of fig tartlet, or something similar were had for dessert.  The cake was also very good, and the only complaint about the fig thing was the crust was so hard you couldn't break it with a fork...we scooped out the insides and loved it.
The kitchen also sent our a nice amuse bouche when we got there, with some gorgonzola, walnuts and figs on bread, that was also very, very good.  The food has so much going on, so many different ingredients, that I'm really not sure exactly what everything had with it, but it was very, very good.
I recommend the Turista menu, where for $35 you get to select one of each of the three courses, with plates the same size as if you ordered ala carte...big enough, but not too much...
Total bill was $88.00 with dessert and coffee after, and it was worth every single penny.
The place really isn't too big, and the only down side I found was the noise level was very high.  You're also packed in there pretty good, so with fellow diners so close to you, you don't want to really shout your conversation across the table...but the food was good enough, that I can overlook that.Our favorite place. We probably go once a month (for the last 10 years or so). Great food. New, seasonal menus, Excellent service, great prices. We love the place.I can't say enough about this place...Let me say that a four course meal a little over $40 is fantastic! Almost everything we had was absolutely delicious. It was my wife's birthday dinner and I had made a reservation for two. We came a couple of minutes early and they were able to seat us right away. Being gluttonous which we tend to do quite often, we both decide to do the four course meals so we could taste a little of everything on the menu. By the way the portions are ridiculously big and it is amazing! At the end of the night our eyes were bigger than our stomachs as we were barely moving. The stand outs for the night were:
Calamari all Griglia: everything in the dish just work so harmoniously
Agnolotti: the rabbit ravioli is so good!
Bistecca Rossini-filet mignon cooked to perfection
Zuppe di Pesce: a seafood stew with a coconut tomato broth to die for
Panna cotta-I believe it was strawberry panna cotta and it was absolutely brilliant!If you enjoy your food burnt, bland, and blah then this is the place for you! If you prefer your dining atmosphere to be inexplicably loud and enjoy shouting at your date across the small table, then Modo Mio is your jam! If you like overpriced mediocrity - look no further!An incredible Italian restaurant. It feels very rustbelt and unpretentious. Delicious, diverse menu with many surprises. Ligurian pancakes? Check. Duck stuffed with sausage? Check. The chef also provides a lot of great pepperoncino heat throughout most of the dishes. Our desserts were also fab, especially the Nutella cheesecake. 
We couldn't believe four courses were $40. For simple, delicious Italian that tastes like your grandma is cooking in the back, too?! Wait staff were also incredibly friendly, affable and interested in making their restaurant a neighborhood staple.Fantastic food. You can't find a better deal on Italian in the city, and this is high end, authentic stuff. Lovely service as well - we had a big party of 20 and the servers didn't miss a beat. We will be back!woooooooooooooo hooooooooooooooooo fantastic. Do not go further than this review... u have to go. This restaurant is awesome. Better than my 500 dollar meal at Vetri.Turista menu, 9/3/10. Outside. Everything about the meal was wonderful, from the food--each of the 4 courses + intro + pre-antipasto of lemon/thyme infused olive oil w/fresh ricotta--to the really very excellent waitservice. Each of the people who served was wonderful, but of course I don't have names for each. Primary server was Steve: absolutely a perfect waiter; timing, knowledge, charm. The other ancillary servers were both wonderful and overall everything was amazing. Tripa special, Verdure [incredible, all around, wonderful grilled lemon!]; Spaghetti 'carbonara', pasta e fagioli [amazing finocchio!!!]; duck, brodetto di mare [that is not right, but you get the picture]: perfect. All of it paced PERFECTLY. Then, both had the crostata di pesca [peach] with a little dollop of barely-mint ice cream. Incredible.Probably the best Italian meal we've had outside of Rome.  We went to celebrate our wedding anniversary and was met by a very warm staff.  The hostess, waiter, and a bunch of other ladies who were filling our glasses and cleaning our table were very nice and attentive without being overbearing.  
For the amount we paid, The Turista tasting menu has got to be the best deal in all of Philadelphia.  We both got to pick from appetizer, pasta, entree, and dessert.  He got crab cake, rabbit ravioli, steak and tiramisu.  I got escargot, gnocci, trout, and panna cotta.  My husband couldn't stop talking about his entire meal, especially the rabbit.  I loved almost everything I got.  Gnocci was nothing worth writing home about, but it was delicious.  Get the mint and berry panna cotta.  A surprisingly refreshing way to end a heavy meal. Fair warning - do not come if you're on a strict diet.  We probably gained 5 lbs in butter, oil, bread, and cheese! Everything, from the bread to pasta, is made in-house.  
We made reservations on the day of our dinner without much of a problem.  I think the trick is to try a weekday when it looks like it will rain.  We're definitely taking all our family and friends here when they visit.Simply the best Italian food in the city and by a lot.  Whether the Turista menu or the Sunday dinner, this is the real deal.  Bring some good wine and friends and enjoy.I had an excellent experience here with a friend.  We had heard good things and were not disappointed. Upscale Italian dining with a $35 four-course, prix fixe menu. When the first course arrived I was worried I would be leaving hungry but by the end of the meal I can truly say I was completely satisfied.  I had seared scallops, ravioli, rabbit confit, and panna cotta. The first two courses were small but when I tasted them I got that feeling inside that there was something special about it... a rare, savory flavor that you only get when it's been prepared perfectly.  Service was fantastic. The food was amazing. The atmosphere was well decorated and comfortable.  And you can never go wrong with BYOB.  It's nice to see yet another great restaurant open in Fishtown. I'd recommend this to anyone.This was arguably one of the best meals I've had in the past few years. Don't be afraid of my lack of reviews - I am kind of new to yelp, but I eat around.  My favorite ravioli dish is still from a much stuffier place called Tosca in DC, but this came really close. 
Our waitress was really sweet and a great server - I wish I remembered her name. She had long dark hair and wore a pearl engagement ring if anyone from there reads this - she's a gem. Keep her.  The service was efficient and the timing of the meal was perfect, plus she was just a nice person. 
Go for the tour - I can't think of the official name, but essentially it's a 4 course tour of the menu and you can choose from any of the options under the standard Italian courses. I started with mussels in spicy white sauce, which was light enough to not stuff me for the rest of dinner. They were done really well. I tried everyone else's dishes at the table, and they were also fantastic. There is a baked cheese dish that is really delicious but looked filling.
For the pasta course, I went for the veal/rabbit ravioli in sage butter. Zing. Really beautiful ravioli. Soft and and buttery and rich. It's not a substantial portion, but for me this is a plus. I hate being stuffed full. 
For my 3rd course, I chose to go light and have the monkfish (I think it was monkfish - it was a meaty, substantial white fish either way) and it was also exceptional. After tasting my boyfriend's duck dish, however, I would have gone that way. It was better. 
Finally, I chose panna cotta for dessert. I am not a dessert lover, but I can tell you that this was good panna cotta. Most of the time, they manage to be jelloy and quivery when you touch it with a fork, but this was some seriously thick, rich panna cotta with mint and berries. 
It's BYOB, small and no frills until you get the food and that's really all 
you need if you are a real food lover.I was very excited to try Modo Mio. I had heard many good things from my co-workers over the course of the past year.  My wife and I decided that we were in the mood for Italian, so we decided to stop in.  
The food was fantastic.  $35 for a 4 course tasting menu.  The food was indicative of Northern Italian cuisine, as apposed to Sicilian or Southern Italian. 
I have three complaints: The restaurant is fairly small and relatively loud (they need to expand).  Also, I wish that I was able to get more than one piece of bread. Seriously, one piece of bread? Server brought a basket of bread over to the table and proceed to give each of us a single piece.  Lastly, the establishment is cash only. 
Portions were relatively small...Take a few bites, wait for the next course...take a few bites, wait for the next course. etc... 
I will definitely go back to this amazing BYOB. The food was incredible.I went to Modo Mio for the first time last night and food and service were great! We had the tasting menu which costs $40 for antipasto course, pasta course, main, coffee and dessert. It's a BYO which is always a plus. I will definitely be back again!My boyfriend and I came here last night at the suggestion of a friend who said it was "amaze balls." She couldn't have been more right. The food, we both got the Turista prix fixe (what a great deal for $35!!), was great. We tried a little bit of everything, but the gnocchi that I ordered as my pasta dish was the gem of the evening. I also enjoyed that it was BYO. 
What made this place stand out to me was the service. Ian, our waiter, was amazing. He took the time to go over the menu with us and answer any questions that we had all while making us feel like we were in no rush to order (which was good because there were so many delicious options to choose from!). As someone who works in the service industry it's hard to find a restaurant that I feel has outstanding service. With that said, Ian surpassed both my boyfriends and my expectations and we would return here again just to have him as our server.One of the best byos in the city.  The food was outstanding and the service was excellent.  We had a very large party, and they were extremely accommodating.  Because we were a large group, they wanted us to order the turista menu.  This is $35 for 4 courses - antipasti, pasta, entree and dessert.  The great thing is, they don't limit you to specific choices, the whole menu is available.  I had scallops, ravioli with rabbit and sage brown butter, shredded pork with the most delicious buttery polenta ever.  Desserts were varied and served family style for everyone to share.  
The servers worked hard to make sure all courses for everyone came out at the same time.  It helped that all of the servers worked together to serve our party.  Most small byos like this are terrible with a large party, but they were excellent.  
Very highly recommended!!I'm overly critical when it comes to Italian food.  I think it's my north jersey italian american background that makes me such a stickler.  I know I shouldn't be this way and I should approach all restaurant experiences as an open canvas but with italian food, I've got a chip on my shoulder.
The name of the game at Modo Mio is portion size.  My girlfriend and I came here for Sugo Sunday (red sauce) with the understanding that the kitchen is sensitive to food allergies and we were pleasantly surprised at both the quantity and quality of food.
To start, some bread with olive oil.  This seems to be a staple in most places but what followed was what took the meal into high gear.  My antipasto arrived as a stacking of many different things on a plate.  There were meats, grilled veggies, olives and basically the size of what would normally be a table portion, but for each of us.  At this point I was worried about my ability to get through the other four courses.
Courses two and three came out almost together.  Course two, pasta, consisted of bucatini, ziti and gnocchi all cooked perfectly and yes their sauce was tasty too.  Course 3 was sausage, meatballs, pork and chicken.  Same smallish plate and overloaded with delicately spiced and perfectly cooked items.  There was thyme running through most of the meats which is never a bad thing.
Course 4 was a baby arugula salad dressed with olive oil and some champagne vinegar (if I had to guess)  It had an orange component to it which made it really tasty.
Finally for dessert, a flour-less chocolate cake and a panna cotta.  I was able to eat some of it but I failed to finish the meal due to the quantity of food.
Our server Michelle really was excellent.  Not only was she one of the two people working all the tables, but she handled the reservation and successfully delivered the information to the kitchen regarding the allergies.  Top notch.
Anyone looking for a home-style meal with that Italian american feel should hit this place up in a hurry.  As I looked around at the food on each table, it was reminiscent of Christmas dinner at my house.  Tons of plates covered in delectable food which of course sparks conversations and good times between people.I spend the weekend in Philly with my boyfriend and some of our good friends. Josh H and I decided to go off by ourselves for a romantic dinner. I hit up the trusty ole Yelp app on his I-Phone for a recommendation. We were both craving Italian, and Modo Mio showed up as the first 4.5 star rec. Conveniently, it was also in the same hood that my friend was having her bday party. Finally, as an added bonus, I found out this place was BYOB, which means that Josh and I could splurge a little more on food instead of spending 50 bucks on a bottle of booze that really cost 15 dollars at the distributor. 
We arrive at like 7:30, sans reservation. All the tables inside were booked, but we were able to sit outside right away. It was a touch too hot to eat outside, but by that point, we were starving. The waitress explained that a lot of people try the 'tourista' menu. For 32 dollars, one can get: an app, pasta, an entree, and dessert. For Josh, who can eat a lot, this seemed like a good value. Knowing myself, I stuck to an entree. I could have ordered pasta if I wanted, however, because they have GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS! Yay!!!! They can do any spaghetti and gnocchi dish gluten free, which ROCKS. However, the lamb shank and wilted dandelion greens combo looked pretty outstanding, so I chose that. Josh went with: snails and capers over toasted bread, shrimp and arribata gnocchi, breaded pork loin with gorgonzola over corn, and vanilla panna cotta with biscotti for dessert. We were both super pumped. 
What we loved: Josh loved his snails and the cheesey bread that accompanied it. He also liked the gnocchi. He said that it had a small spicy kick, but that even someone as spice sensitive as me could have handled it. He loved the pork, especially because it was covered in gorgonzola. I was kinda meh about my lamb. The lamb itself was cooked perfectly, but the accompanying tomato and plumb puree was a bit cloying. Josh's pork dish looked way better. If only the breading were gluten free. Otherwise I would have gone halfsies with him. 
All in all, this place was super cute. You could tell that they care a lot about food. If my lamb were not covered in that saccharine sauce, I would have easily given Modo Mio 5 stars.I went to Modo Mio last night with 6 friends to celebrate my 30th birthday. The food was outstanding, but there were several things that happened that were very disappointing and not rectified. I requested the gluten-free menu and was so excited to have the option of bread and pasta with my meal. The gluten free bread took 20 minutes and I had to ask 3 separate times for it. Then, my second course was delayed and I did not get it until everyone else had finished their course because they were having trouble making the gluten free gnocchi. They brought me the spaghetti without asking if I would like something else instead. Finally, at the end of the evening after giving us 15 minutes to eat our dessert, they asked us to leave because they had another party waiting for our table. When I told the hostess about our experience, she said "We are not at our best tonight." 
I understand that sometimes things get in the way from having stellar service, but I expect better, especially for a birthday dinner where there were so many mistakes. The most upsetting part was being asked to leave when it was their delays that caused us to stay longer than our reservation time. The food was great but I'll go elsewhere if they don't treat their customers with respect.The Turista 4 course menu is a great deal for $35.  A lot of options and you could choose from what looked like the regular menu.  Everything was delicious.  For antipasti, I got the Sformato (crab and ricotta cake topped with roasted red pepper.  A friend got the Cozze (mussels) and the sauce for that was so good.  Would consider getting that next time.   For Pasta, I got the special - flat noodle pasta with a sauce with mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes.  The sauce/flavoring was so good.  I also tried my friend's gnocchi and thought that was pretty delicious as well.  For Secondi, I had the bistecca and the steak was cooked perfectly.   
Very good service. An overall excellent experience.  
Another plus... plenty of street parking.Whatever small quibbles I would have with Modo Mio are offset by the Turista menu, 4 courses of delicious, interesting, rustic Italian food for just $34. You're not going to find a better option. 
Specific highlights:
1. Fresh bread has the kind of tough, chewy, salty crust around a nice soft crumb that you only get from places that do it on their own. You can have as much as you want. 
2. I am a big fan of gamey, thick red sauces. The Farfelle secundi just did it for me in a way that I've only been done in Tuscany. 161 Girard is a lot closer than Tuscany.
3. Sambucca to finish.
Areas for improvement:
1. Tiramisu was a little too authentic for me. The mouth feel was almost too light, which was a challenge for my taste-buds to really work on.
2. Coffee drinks could be better. This is a bit cheap to say, but if a place like Modo Mio took the time and money to train their people on Third Wave coffee practices, it would only elevate Modo's status regionally and nationally.This restaurant really was phenominal. We got there early on Friday night for our 6 pm reservation, and the place was pretty empty. We ended up with a table right next to the door, and right on top of the hutch where the bread is being cut. We asked to move and they couldn't accomodate us, which was frustrating since there was many open tables and people coming in without reservations being seated. Our waiter knew we were unhappy, and really ended up winning us over with impeccable service and extensive knowledge of the menu. He explained literally every single item on the menu, which was impressive, and ended up bringing us a free side dish.
My husband and I both had the tasting menu, which was delicious and gave us a chance to sample many things off the menu between the two of us. At a price of $33, the tasting menu is sooo worth it. The food was all so flavorful, and combined alot of different tastes that just melted right in your mouth. 
We will definately be back!!A LOT of people had told me about Modo Mio so I was definitely excited to go and only slightly worried it would be an off night or I had worked it up too much in my mind. 
All I can say is that it is a must try. The dishes are delightful. Each one is carefully composed with a lot of attention paid to what goes well together, what is in season, and what will just look beautiful on a plate. Pretty much some of the best Italian food I have had in Philadelphia and some of the best food in general. With tax and tip, the prix fixe is $42 per person, which is expensive, but a much better deal than most good restaurants in Philly. The biggest problem is choosing which of the wonderful dishes to try!!
The service and ambiance, however... First, it is VERY noisy. Am a 20 something so should be able to handle noise, but I could not hear people who were right next to me. Second, the service was inattentive and sort of unpracticed. I was beyond surprised when the waitress reached over my plate to get to someone else's when it would have been easier to move behind me to get there; she practically had her elbow in my face. The waiter never asked us how we liked the food or if we needed anything and on a very hot night my water glass sat empty for half an hour. They brought our wine out and left it uncorked on the table for 15 minutes. 
So when I give the restaurant 5 stars, this is despite the fact that the service is pretty much awful, which is impressive all on its own!Two years now in Philly from NY and still looking to find an authentic Italian restaurant. Hoping to find something akin to the the fresh tomato sauce and homemade pasta we ate in Sorrento, the delicious bread and antipasta in Naples, even the mouthwatering meat lasagna you can find in Little Italy or Brooklyn, etc... Heard this place had a homestyle atmosphere and we booked a 6pm Sat early evening reservation.
We were seated promptly and the young man told us about the specials for the evening. Two of us chose the turista at $35 per person, one chose an individual entree and one chose the "kitchen sink" option (the chef sends out one or more of the choices...you never know which one.)  So far, so good. 
The server brought a dipping plate of oil with a ricotta butter patty in the middle and some bread which looked homemade but turned out to be much too tough and was cold while the dipping Oil w/ ricotta butter tasted rancid, as if the oil were old. Nor was this high quality Extra Virgin Olive Oil by any standard, not green or flavorful at all. Unfortunately, our party of four (with 3 italians) was unimpressed but hoped the rest would be better. It wasn't.  
The Antipastas: The Sformato crab and ricotta cake sounded good on the menu but was served smothered with an overpowering hazelnut asparagus mixture made with the same rancid oil used with the bread which overpowered the crab cake. The Polpo or grilled Octopus was much better and held it's own against the raisin, almond, arugula mixture which was also soaked in the oil. The Spiedini al Gamberi grilled shrimp was actually the best of the three apps we chose. Flavorful without any heavy handed topping. 
The Pasta: Biggest disappointment here...the Vincis Grassi Lasagna. My grandmother would cry if she tasted this, then go yell at the chef. The gravy or sauce fell short, the cheese wasn't fresh and that funny ricotta taste overpowered the dish again. I'd say the serving size was quite on the small side for lasagna but none of us wanted more, so it was not an issue.  The Bucatine Amatriciana (thick spaghetti) was much better with a light fresh tasting sauce made from plum tomatos that complemented the pasta. Too bad there was such a small portion as we each sampled a bite and it was done. (Had to request a pasta spoon twice and the man forgot to bring it until we were almost done) 
The Entrees 
Each of us chose a dish to share with everyone. We had the Stuffed Eggplant, the Grilled Swordfish and the Kitchen Sink option that came out was the Veal Cheek. The breakdown: Just skip the Eggplant, not worth it for flavor or inventiveness, try the veal cheek and hope you get a larger portion as this is one of the tastier dishes and if you aren't really hungry or have an extra small appetite, enjoy the tiny thin sliver of Swordfish after pushing off the heavy handed oily topping mixture it's smothered in and it will be fine. The Oil smothering seems to be the chef's signature which might be OK if it was a better quality oil...    
Dessert: A chocolate torte, not home made and nothing to rave about. No herbal or  green tea for the non coffee lovers among us. 
With few exceptions, every authentic Italian homestyle meal we've ever experienced was served in generous portions, almost oversized...sadly, not here, even though the prices would suggest otherwise. Skip the Hype and if you can't go to NY or NJ for a real Italian experience, cook your own. At least you won't leave hungry.  
One final point to make: For a restaurant charging these prices, it's absurd they don't take credit cards. Not sure we'll ever find a great Italian place here in Philly, we'll keep looking. It's definitely not this one, for sure!The same guys who brought you Monsu and Paesanos operate Modo Mio. This cash only BYO is a perfect fit for Northern Liberties. I highly recommend the tasting menu, not only for its great value, but for the diversity as well. We always get the same friendly waitress who makes you feel as welcome as family. The oversized bread loaf you see when you walk through the front door is not just an appropriate decoration; they serve this amazing carb monster along with a little soft cheese and olive oil to start. 
The four course tasting menu changes seasonally and on Sunday's they abandon the menu and serve up great Italian family style...come hungry and with a few friends to help you through this onslaught of yummy!Great little place, excellent service and value - $37 for 4 large courses and BYOB. Appetizers were amazing, particularly the muscles with spicy red sauce, but food did go down in quality a little after that. However, all in all very nice and recommended.BYOB. $35 4 course meal. What more can you ask for?
Birthday Meal for the boyfriend. I enjoyed my meal a bit more than his.. 
Fresh bread - I liked the salty crusty outside and the soft bready inside :)
Dates with gorgonzola cheese: I love cheese. But a littttttle but too cheesy for me. maybe I'm just not a huge fan of gorgonzola
The server warned us that the serving portions were small to medium. I was expecting tiny. These are NOT tiny servings. Quite medium/large in my opinion..
- Carpaccio in a bed of arugula: this was simple. Good cured pork meat, fresh arugula, some dates for sweetness. 3.5 stars
- Gnocchi - confused... because this was not in a sweet and sour ragu sauce. it was like carbonara sauce. Bacon.. and peas?? I mean it was good. but not what I was expecting. The gnocchi was pretty well made, soft little pillows. But not the best I've had. 3.5 stars
- Fresh fish of the day: delicious! WHOLE fish head on and all. Perfectly cooked, crispy skin ( so crispy that my Taiwanese self ate the fins and tail off haha) and soft delicate flakey insidess. Just the way I like it. The sauce with capers was quite good too. I had the whole other half of the fish to take home :)
- Tiramisu: Delicious! More cream than cake, but that's ok. The flavors were spot on. heavy with the coffee flavor and niceee and creamy.
They also brought out the birthday cake with lit candles as I requested, he was completely surprised! (See KC Pastries review).
Overall a great meal, and i would definitely return to try some of their other menu items that were teasing me :)Best deal in philly when it comes to Italian food and byob's. Vibrant flavors, authentic and good portions. Bringing a great bottle of Barolo is a must at this place. Be ready for heavy sauces (not the greasy kind) rich and full of umami. Menu is very varied, they do serve some classic Italian but this is not your boring Generic American Italian restaurant. I would call it a philly institution at this point.Not sure I can add much, but that never stopped me before - 
We went for the Sunday fixed price meal and it was delicious.  Such a small space but that adds to experience.  It was a rich meal to say the least - I don't think we needed to eat for about a day afterward.  Just trust the chef and let the food keep coming! Wine store across the street!great food, fun cozy atmosphere and always has a sampling option for $35 that is a great deal.  good for veg and non veg alike.I left my first visit to Modo Mio still pretty hungry, so that was sad, but it's also my motivation to come back soon with a smaller group (ie other vegetarians) and try more of the menu. Everything seemed presented with care and authentically prepared during my first visit. The space was charming. The service was attentive and friendly. And I love that it's BYO. Perfect for an anniversary or other special dinner.You feel like you just stole something when you get the bill.  You can't get better food at this price in the city.Dinner here was pretty good, but probably a little less than I was expecting given the reviews. The bread was very good. I had a radicchio anti-pasta that was tasty and different. The gnocchi were very good (the tomato sauce is delicious). For my main course I had a steak and chick pea crepe that was recommended by the server. It was certainly good, but definitely nothing special.  This place has 3 dollar signs on here, but its prices are very reasonable, it should probably be 2 dollar signs.I came here on a Friday night with 6 of my friends. Obviously coming with a semi big crowd, I called to make some reservations beginning of the week and the hostess told me we would have to order from the pre fixe menu. 4 courses for 37 dollars. Okay, thats doable. We came in on a Friday night around 830pm and it was pretty small and fairly crowded. I had to squeeze my way through tables to get to my seat. But it's BYOB and handmade pastas, I can't complain. 
I started off with the crab mashed potatoes. I didn't really get much of the mashed potatoes vibe from this dish. It was more like a crab dip especially with the little toast wedges to dip the "dip" in. It was decent and honestly probably my favorite dish out of the appetizer/pasta/entree.
I then got some form of chocolate pasta w/ duck and pistachio crema but it was not okay in any ways. The combination of the "duck" with the chocolate pasta was not a good fusion in anyway. The duck needed WAY more seasoning and It didn't even taste like duck to me. The chocolate pasta tasted exactly that but with that sweetness you definitely needed some kind of protein that had some kind of spice whether it was peppery or salty, I got nothing.
Then for my entree I got the veal cheek w/ risotto. The risotto was way over cooked and the veal cheek was pretty heavy and hearty. It was okay but the sauce/seasoning was too sweet for my liking.
The tiramisu was good but I don't know if it was my disappointment of my pasta and entree, I just wasn't feeling dessert.
We waited about 30 minutes to get our check after telling our server we needed it and left the restaurant at 11pm. 
Needless to say, I had a decent time but I think that was more due to the fine wine we brought and good company.This is my second review of Modo Mio - almost five years later. 
It remains with excellent food, great composition of plates and the prix fixe is an excellent deal for such phenomenal food. Dessert was delightful and I only wish I'd had more room for it! 
The update however, is that any gluten-free eaters should make this their next restaurant destination. They start by giving you wonderful and warm gf bread and the staff all know what on the menu is gf, including substituting gf pasta! The flourless chocolate cake was delightful and it might be the best gf meal I've had in Philly. Am so happy they have made this a possibility for those of us who are sensitive to wheat. 
Service was better than it was before, but it seems like they have two few people for the amount of customers they crowd into a tiny space.Delious. We went on a Sunday where they do a prix-fix menu family style. We requested no meat (just fish and vegetarian) which they were able to accommodate. 
For $33 a person, it is a great value - you get about 6 courses, all huge portions. we started with pretty fresh bread and butter, and an antipasta platter which was lovely. Then appetizers, pastas (3 different types of homemade), a fish and a vegetarian entree and dessert. everything was really good, except the fish was maybe a little salty. 
If you are meat eater - I was checking out other people's plates next to us - huge portions of meatballs and roasted chickens - this place is definetely for you. 
The homemade pasta was really nice, the maranara sauce was okay. 
I will definetely go back, and its a byob bonus.Modo Mio is SOFA KING good.  What a gem.  They're located in a kinda random spot on Girard, but who cares...it's SOFA KING good.  My parents are kind of picky, but I KNOW they will LOVE this place when they visit because the food is great and you get tons of deliciousness for the price!  
...and gluten free.  And when I say gluten free, I really mean it.  The chef has celiac disease, and can FULLY accomodate a GF diet from bread (they buy "Against the Grain" brand) for olive oil with ricotta all the way to GF pasta and dessert.  They have a full understanding of your needs if you're GF, and I am sure they could help with other food allergies/limitations.  
Menu turista is the bomb.  $33, 4 courses.  I could not finish dessert...because my stomach was exploding with the goodness of the first three courses!  Here is what I tried: 
Mussels in this redonk red sauce - all I remember is stewed tomatoes, perhaps a touch of cream, and capers.  I wanted to drink the sauce...yes.  
Amatriciana spaghetti dish - had PERFECTLY done GF pasta in this amazing salty, spicy tomato sauce with bursts of little pancetta bites.  Another Usher "OMG" moment for me.
Duck with some type of cabbage underneath it that was yummy.  I recall slices of plums...maybe some fennel (not my fave but still good).  Honestly at this point I was starting to approach disgustingly full, but I would n ot stop eating there. I was hoping to try the stuffed cabbage but it was not GF.
Flourless chocolate cake - oh-so-good.  But I couldn't finish it.  Not even close. 
Cannot wait to go back.  This is at the top of my list for dates or groups - just bring a solid bottle of vino and let the food-travaganza begin!Modo Mio has become me and my man's very favorite spot for date night. The food is always phenomenal and the menu rotates frequently, so there is always something new to try. 
We always do the tasting menu, which has to be the best deal in town. For $40-$45 (I can't remember!) you get four courses...app, pasta, meat, and dessert. 
My favorite app we have ever gotten has to be the mussels. I don't even fucks with mussels but decided to give them a try here. They were so fresh and the sauce was very flavorful. Definitely the best I've ever had. 
I love pasta in all varieties, so it is hard to pick a favorite pasta I've had here! I will say I prefer their red sauces, especially meat sauces, here. The specials are always great too. 
As far as the meat dishes go, I had a swordfish here that blew my tits off. So unbelievably delicious!! Last time we were here my boyfriend got the skirt steak which he really loved. For the price, it really can't be beat. 
You must leave room for dessert, because they are always fabulous. I got a raspberry custard here once that was very unique and delicious. The tiramisu is our favorite, and thankfully it seems to always be on the menu! 
Another fun thing the restaurant offers is Sunday family style dinner. You basically don't order and eat whatever they put in front of you. When we went it was a charcuterie board, mussels, spaghetti, meatballs, sausage, lasagna, various meats, and dessert. We could barely walk when we were done because we were so full! 
Mood Mio is a BYOB which is pretty much the icing on the delicious cake. Everything here is perfection and I will continue is to come here first for my Italian fix.I've died and gone to Northern Italian heaven!! The turista menu is a fantastic idea. 4 items off the menu with just the right portions to leave you satisfied, but not bursting at the seams. Everything we had was delicious but some standouts among the group included the shrimp appetizer- absolutely delicious and the tagliatelle- to die for! My grilled octopus appetizer had some unique flavors and was equally as wonderful. We thoroughly enjoyed the meal, the service and the sambucca shots at the end :). Excellent italian food and highly recommended!This restaurant is ridiculously amazing.  First of all the food is simply amazing but what just as amazing is the customer service.  We had a party of 4 with a new born and we selected to do the 4 courses for $34.  We ordered our appetizers but were torn on ordering another item on the menu but didn't, when they started to bring our appetizer our server saw our quandary and brought out the appetizer we were contemplating about.  We knew at that moment this was going to be an amazing meal and it was.  Throughout the entire night the meals continue to get better and better.  The service was top notch and the chief even came out to make sure the meal was going well.  
If you are looking for a great night of meals and service at a reasonable price...you have to check it out.4.5 stars, rounded up to 5.
Do you have $35 (plus tax and tip)? If so, you may want to make a reservation at Modo Mio (yes, even on a Tuesday!) and settle in for a long, delicious Italian meal that'll make your belly pop and your heart sing.
I have had Modo Mio book marked for years, literally YEARS, and after my dining experience on Tuesday, I regret that I waited so long to visit.
Zack and I were celebrating Tuesdays, or one month of marriage, or "What do we do now that we don't have to close on a house or plan a wedding?" so we decided to go big with the tasting menu. 
The bread, ricotta, and truffled olive oil were DIVINE to start. The bread comes from a massive crusty loaf, and is just chewy enough. For apps I got the mussels in spicy red (broth so good the server brought me a spoon), and Zack got the cured beef with arugula salad. Very good.
Pastas were lasagna (heaven) and tiny pea raviolis in brown butter. Like day and night, and I felt lucky to go halvsies on both! Entrees were eggplant with ricotta in a chunky tomato sauce, and Zack got the fish of the day ($5) up charge. I only wish there were more options for main courses. Dessert was simple- flour less chocolate cake (like the fudgiest brownie you've ever had) and a basil panacotta (very unique).
Things to note: The portions are not huge, but trust me, you will be rolling out of there after four courses. If you are anti-salt, don't come here. The food wasn't over-salted, but you could DEFINITELY taste it. If you're short on time, don't come here. We arrived at 7pm on a Tuesday and didn't leave until after 9. Make a reservation. They were able to squeeze us in as walk-ins, but the place was packed. 
If you want a romantic, authentic meal- go.The food at Modo Mio is always amazing. Their service is fantastic.. I could never say enough nice things about this place. We've been here several times. Birthdays, double dates, and most recently, our employee Christmas party. They were wonderful about taking our reservation for 17 people and accommodating us. Food came out quickly and even those who were picky eaters found that they loved the food that evening. 
I love how tiny the restaurant is. It's tiny, but you don't feel super cramped. The servers are wonderful. They're gracious and pleasant and quick! Really a hidden gem in Fishtown.I have Celiac's disease and this place goes above and beyond in terms of gluten free, from the bread to the dessert.
When you go, just let your server know that you are gluten free and they will go over all the options with you while waiting for the kitchen to send out special gluten free bread (they grill schar bread-excellent). Most of the menu choices are either naturally gluten free or they can be altered to make it safe. In terms of pasta, they make their own gluten free gnocchi and other various pastas.
We did the tourista menu. I started with the potato torta, which was incredible. The crab salad on top was delicious and the sweet peppers aded a nice touch.  The boar ragu with gf gnocchi was ridiculously good- nobody could tell the difference when they tasted the gf fresh pasta. For my entree, I had the filet which was incredible, and the chick pea crepe was gluten free as well! For dessert, we split the flourless chocolate cake and the pumpkin rice pudding.  The rice pudding was decent, not the best, but the cake was outstanding.
It's BYOB and cash only. The service is also excellent.Went with two others and we got like 5 dishes between us, and finished two bottles of wine. I must say, even with this volume of booze I found many of the dishes to be too salty (my friend who is a chef says they do this on purpose so that you savor smaller quantities and eat less), but it still turns me off. The hunk of bread was gorgeous and helped with the saltiness. They did offals well, and that is a good sign.
We were way overfed but I felt like the owner was still pushing food on us, which I didn't like. I'd rather be left alone to enjoy another bottle of wine.Le sigh.
There's a part of me that doesn't even want to write this review because it just means that EVEN MORE PEOPLE will know how AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGGGG Modo Mio really is.  
But... I'll be nice and help ya'll out.  So...let's paint the picture here.
We (the love of my life and I) headed to Modo Mio on a Friday night in search of a good Italian meal to celebrate our one night free from being new parents.  Rightfully so, a night off meant PARTYYYYYY AKA LET'S GO EAT CARBS AND DRINK ADULT BEVERAGES!!!!
Knowing that it is a BYOB establishment, we (of course) stopped by the Fine Wine and Good Spirits across the street and picked up a bottle of wine.  While I was waiting in the car, some guy (who clearly was not skilled at driving) was pulling into a spot and completely just hit my car haaaaard.  I was FURIOUS.  Way to ruin my night, bud - I was just about to eat carbs and down some wine.  I thought my night was pretty much over with at that point, and I really just wanted to go home.  
BUT instead, we decided to continue on to Modo Mio (as we already made reservations).  BEST. DECISION. EVER.
We sat outside, had our bottle of wine opened, and licked our lips as we looked over the menu.  I'll just cut to the chase since we are now talking about food and I'm sure you are all becoming impatient......
THE FOOD IS NO JOKE.  DO YOU SEE THIS?  YES, I AM CONFIRMING THAT THE FOOD IS BEYONDDDDDD HEAVENLY.  I've never met the chef, but you know what, I don't even care.  I'm willing to forget the love of my life and marry the chef.... THAT'S HOW GOOD IT IS.  
Things to order (note that they do change the menu every 6 weeks or so... so don't get mad if my recommendations aren't there any more):
First, do not make the mistake of not doing the Turista option - just do it!  For $37, it's a no-brainer.  Your tastebuds will love ya forever!  
Next, try out these dishes:
- Antipasta Choice:  Calamari alla Griglia (so good!!!  and HEALTHY) 
- Pasta Choice: I would recommend the pasta that I got because it was the best thing ever and I won't lie to you... we ordered 3 orders of it :P  (look, we don't joke when it comes to carb day!) but sorry, it's not there any more.... any pasta you order will not disappoint you though.  
-  Secondi Choice - Zuppe di Pesce ALL THE WAYYYYYY  (they do not skimp on the seafood or the portion size YAYYY)
Summary:
This place is incredible (food and the super friendly and accommodating staff).  Truly, it is one of my favorite restaurants of all time and definitely in my top 3 (and trust, I know food :P).I adore this restaurant. Unassuming exterior, edgy neighborhood, downright fantastic food at a fantastic price. 
We were 6 for dinner the day after thanksgiving. The restaurant obliged us to have a tasting menu which is called the menu Tourista. It was fabulous! The portions were exactly what a 4 course menu should be. The flavors exploded in my mouth and I enjoyed every bit. What a gem!This is going to be short review but full of excitement and happiness. First of all, I am not big fan of Italian food and I thought "Mercato" in my neighborhood makes good italian food so I went with that. But, my friends from work made reservations at Modo Mio and I immediately went to yelp and heard many good accolades. And, believe me, it is O My F...... God! Starting from home made bread and oil, the antipasti, the first and the second's, I forgot their names because I was in a coma from all those beautiful sensations I was getting from the plethora of flavours in food. But I digress, crab cake was just succulent and amazing, polenta was sublime, and their special evening lamb stew was orgasmic, I'm still levitating. They brought dessert assortment but everyone was full, except for ME. And the servers are on top of everything - 5 star all the way.
People! You have to go and taste it - it's absolutely SUPERB. I think amidst all of the excitement I offered to marry the chef, alas he already was married :-(
Cheers to all and to good food!Excellent food and even better service! A true neighborhood gem. This place is a BYO with excellent Italian food. There is a liquor store nearby for convenience. Try the Turita menu which is a great deal for all the food you get. I had mussels, gnocci, and trout. My friend was a vegetarian and there were plenty of options for him as well. Two thumbs up!The noise level makes this place a torture chamber.
Which is a damn shame, because the food is terrific.  But the noise was so loud on a Sat night that the WAITER had to shout the specials.  I gave up in despair and just ordered from the menu. I couldn't hear the man sitting right next to me.  I was there with friends or would have left.
Why can't American restauranteurs understand that people go out to enjoy a sensuous experience, not to have their ears -- and stomach--assaulted?The servers were pretty rude. They were a bit defensive about their errors. All they need to is say "I apologize but that is restaurant policy". We also sensed some competition amongst the servers. They weren't nice to each other either lol. Food was good but nothing spectacular.Simply Amazing. Go for the $35 Turista prix fixe menu. Totally worth it as they do not skimp on quality or portions. Its the same as if you ordered al la carte. You get to taste your choice if different course and you feel full when you're done. Its a BYO to bring a good wine to enjoy. The complimentary bread is baked on the spot with heirloom yeast from the previous batch and its just so warm and delicious. A bit cramped (at least for me as I'm a big 6'3" 300lber) but ambiance is very warm and romantic for a date night. 
All in all, a top notch place. Enjoy it!!!amazing.
we went as a party of 6 on a sunday night. they had lost our reservation, but within ten minutes we were seated at a nice table in the center of the restaurant.
if you like your personal space this restaurant isn't for you.
however - we were fine!
two wait staff personnel did the entire floor - and they were amazing.
we did the Sugo Sunday meal.  i am a picky eater and i have to say - it was to die for.  i am not a seafood fan but the mussels smelled so good i had to try them - and they were amazing!! 
the antipasto was beautiful - eggplant, beets, chicken liver mousse, delicious bread and olive oil.  
the chicken from the meat course was amazing - fell right off the bone.  
i loved the olive oil lemon cake for dessert - such an interesting combination.
also - restaurant is BYOB.  love!
our bill included tip, so it was $90 per couple for an amazing meal - and each couple took home a full container of leftovers.Modo Mio was amazing! I went with a group of 8 people for a friends birthday. Because we had a large party every person was a set $35 which included an appetizer, pasta dish, entree and dessert. Each person was able to pick anything off the menu...no limitations although the price was fixed.
The food was unbelievable. I started with the fried mozzarella special then moved onto the spinach ravioli in a brown butter sauce and cocoa and, when I thought I couldn't eat anymore, I made room for the chicken milanese. It was fabulous!! 
For dessert we got a few plates of mixed sweets which were all great, especially the tiramisu and the chocolate cake.
Overall, a great experience. Our waitress was fun and attentive. Peter, the head chef, came out to greet us and was so personable. A great experience and I cannot wait to go back!Have been here several times and the food is always delicious. We returned last night for Sugo Sunday and relearned a lesson-don't go out on Valentines Day.  While all the servers were super nice, the courses were so rushed we could hardly enjoy them.  We also recalled having more generous servings at our last visit particularly for dessert. 
The homemade ricotta is worth the trip but go later in the evening and maybe you won't be as rushed.I have been to Modo Mio multiple times with each visit better then the last. They offer a 4 course tour of the menu for only $40. All pasta and bread is home made. Excellent atmosphere-small and intimate. I do recommend making reservations a couple weeks ahead for a Friday or Saturday.Love this place!  I have spent a lot of time in Italy and I can truly say that Modo Mio is my go to for classic Italian fare.  BYO, amazing turista menu for a great price.  Good food, simple ambience allowing for some good conversation and very responsive staff.  Call in to check if they have seats.We went to Modo Mio to celebrate a friend's birthday.  
It's a nice and cozy place and feels very initmate.  It's also BYO.  
I had the octopus salad, gnocchi, and the pork.  All of it was very delicious, and my favorite was the octopus salad.  It was nicely grilled and the flavors were really deep and just plain good.
The reason I gave only three stars is the amount of salt in the food.  I drank so much water while I was there and went I went home.  I don't think I've ever been that thirsty in my life.
It's a really nice place overall, and judging by the other comments, people have not encountered the same problem as me.  I'll just have to check it out again and see.  Anyway, you might want to hydrate your self in preparation prior to your visit there.After our delightful dinner at their sister restaurant (Monsu) a few months ago, we knew we needed to hit up Modo Mio as soon as possible.  It took us four months, but we finally made it.  My better half made reservations for their Sugo Sunday menu and called in advance to make sure they'd be able to accommodate my allergies.  They assured us it wouldn't be a problem.  
The meal started off with fresh-baked bread/olive oil and then moved straight ahead to two antipasti dishes.  Everything was marinated perfectly and the portions were very large.  We then we given separate dishes of pasta (mine did not have cheese) that were amazing.  I loved the vegan gnocchi that they made for me.  My boyfriend was given a dish of four meats to go with his pasta dish and I was given a large piece of trout.  Because I grew up down by the shore, I'm not particularly easy to impress when it comes to seafood; my trout was absolutely wonderful, though.  We finished our meal with a beautiful arugula salad tossed with lemon vinaigrette.  They also put together an apple, cinnamon, raisin, and orange granita that was light and refreshing after such a huge meal.  
Our time at Modo Mio was really fantastic and I can't wait to come back.  When we visit again, I really hope we get Michelle as our server.  She was so attentive to our table even though she was the only waitress in the restaurant!  She ran her tail off the entire night and worked so hard to make sure everyone had a nice meal.  Sugo Sunday is worth every penny!  
BYOB, so make sure you visit the Wine shop across the street beforehand.What a great place. I went to Modo mio on Saturday as an early Valentine's Day date and my experience was great. There is a lot of parking around, we found one right around the corner and this place is byob for those who are interested. My boyfriend and I did the turista menu each. For starters we got calamari and the meatball. Omg. This meatball is probably the best meatball I've ever had in life. It's so bomb. The calamari was so light and refreshing so it complimented it. For pasta we got the lasagna and parpadelle. Lasagna was good and served with a fried egg. It was good and the parpadelle was phenomenal, it had some spiciness to it which  I love. Will deff get next time and then for the meats we got the chicken and short rib, the short rib was okay probably would not get again but nothing wrong with it. However that chicken dish was amazing! And to end our night we got two cappuccinos and tiramisu and the chocolate something. Both were excellent but if I had to pick one or the other I would get the chocolate something. Whatever it was, it was sooooo food. It was like a brownie but thicker consistency. Super delish. Can't wait to come back!This is as good as it gets for Italian-American food. We were shocked how much food we got and how good it was for the price on Sugo Sunday. The mussels were especially killer. Bravo!Since I first discovered Modo Mio in 2007, it has been my favorite restaurant anywhere! Never disappoints...great service, creative taste sensations that surprise your mouth, last night...chicken livers and slightly spicy cherries...who knew??!
Peter McAndrews is a genius...  We only miss the days when he would pop out of the kitchen to talk to patrons.  But sharing his creations with more people in his new restaurants without compromising the at-home feel of Modo Mio is worth it.Modo Mio was old worldy, minimalstic and very authentic. This is not some Italian joint on the corner, this place is the real deal true Italian straight from Nonna's kitchen!
The inside was long and narrow, but accomodating. The crowd was very sporatic, some old, some young, not many groupd over 4 persons, but everyone definitely looked happy to be there.
Our waiter Steve was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. He gave wonderful suggestions, helpful insight to the menu and was very knowledgeable. Between the 4 of us we pretty much sampled 60% of the menu. We each ordered the "Tourista" menu which allowed us to try 4 courses. 
I had a crab and marscapone fritter situation which was out of this world. I wouldn't share it with anyone! My pasta dish was a homemade paparadelle primavera (my FAVE noodle) . It had zucchini, asparagus, rock shrimp and magic. It was delicious! My my main entree I went WAY out on a limb as per the waiters suggestion and went with the Veal Cheek, yes, cheek, Hannibal Lecter style! It was similar to short ribs and/or pot roast. The Veal Cheek was topped with a cherry compote. So the overall taste was about a 7, I didn't love the cherry. The cheek was interesting to say the least. I would want to try something different next time. There WILL be a next time!
Desert was unique, I ordered the Lavendar Custard (not the name on the menu, but I can't remember what it was called). It was subtly different, satisfying and a really nice surprise.
PLUS it's a BYO! After all that delicious goodness we didn't break the bank!Smaller portions, but better quality.  The prices look like they're small but they can add up with the amount that you order.  If money isn't an option, then this turns out to be one of the best meals in all of Philly.  I take my parents to this restaurant each time they come into town from NJ and we always leave wowed!!!Went here for my bday, pretty awesome in a lot of ways. It's a small byo in an unexpected part of philly. Feels down to earth, a good place to bring a group, bottles of wine, or your significant other for a nice dinner.
The food is really good too, having heard all the hype, I'm not sure it quite lived up to it. Had the turista menu, which is a fun way to come here. Got the crab and risotto for appetizer, the pork ragu pasta, and the duck for the entree, followed by tiramisu with espresso. Nothing fell flat, would love to eat everything again, but I'm not sure it blew me away.
We brought a nice bottle of wine, and it has a nice homey decor, definitely a place to come try.I went here this past Fall 2008.
The girl I was dating was good friends with the staff here. It is a fairly small place, so moving around can get very cumbersome. We were served wonderful appetizers while we waited for a table, and they also opened and poured our wine.
When we finally got seated we started with appetizers of mussels, an italian cheesy dish to which I cannot recall the name, and a gnoochi appetizer. With the appetizers they serve this delicous bread which they make right on the premises. It is really good, and it dips very well into the sauce which accompanies the mussels. 
For an entree, I had a steak with a sunny side up egg on top. It was delicious. As we had arrived, we had been told by more than one that this dish was one to be had. It was indeed very innovative. 
I think they change their menu, but I don't know how often.
Definitely grab a bottle of your favorite vino and head on over to this place. You won't be disappointed.  
The thing that makes this place stand out is just how good the food is
5 stars to Modo MioThe creative combination of exciting ingredients and brilliant preparation gives this charming though noisy bistro a five star rating. There are many offerings in each menu category and not a single bad choice. Order the tourist menu and be daring in selecting a memorable dinner. A full body Italian red or Alsace reisling/gerwertztraminer perfectly mate to the excellent cuisine at this value priced BYOB. Don' t pass up the bread, its delicious. Service is professional and friendly.Authentic Italian food, superb service... great expeciience! Just remember to bring some wine with you to this great BYOBWas at Modo Mio last Saturday night with another couple.  This was my first time there.  The tables were so close together (I was warned about that before so I expected this) and when I went to get into my seat, my neighbor at the next table had his cooler almost under my seat and was rude and didn't move it until he was asked to.  Not the restaurant's fault but if you are claustraphobic this is not the place for you.  The staff was nice.  It was a bit of a wait but we were enjoying our company so it didn't matter.  The food was incredible and it was plentiful however, in my main entree there was something in the dish (not food) and I know things happen but it wasn't pleasant and if we weren't with friends and me and my husband were on our own, we would probably would have packed it up and left.  Instead, I chose another entree and moved on.  The remaining experience was fine.  I was still shocked that I had to pay for the entree but not sure how they would accommodate me since it is a set price type of place.  Overall, the experience was nice, the food was incredible but am a little turned off by what happened to me.Probably the best meal I've eaten in Philadelphia in a long, long, long time.
There are just so many positives to Modo Mio.  First, its easily accessible off the Market Frankford line.  It's BYOB and there is a wine store directly across the street.  The restaurant itself is small but by no means cramped.  Service is excellent.  And the turista menu is probably the best deal in the city ($37 for 4 courses).  So now onto the food...
They start you off with homemade bread and some delicious olive oil/ricotta dip.  Also, they brought out an amuse bouche of polenta topped with squash, which was also delicious.  We ordered the following dishes (I apologize in advance for my American-ized descriptive names):
Fried mozzarella:  This ain't your momma's mozzarella sticks!  This is a long, flat piece of fresh mozz, lightly fried, in a really delicious white wine sauce.  I was surprised on how much I liked this dish
Grilled calamari:  This was my favorite of the two first courses.  It had a really sweet, citrusy dressing that I thought was delicious.  They give you a really generous portion as well
Lasagna:  Oh my dear lord.  This was such a rich dish but I couldn't stop eating this.  Whoever thought to put a fried egg on lasagna was a genius.  Do not skip this dish.
Spaghetti with spicy sauce:  This was a nice compliment to the rich lasagna.  This dish was light and spicy.  It was a pretty simple dish but was really well done.
Trout:  By the main courses, we were stuffed.  My husband DID NOT like the trout, because it had truffle oil on it (he must have missed that on the description).  I, however, thought this dish was amazing.  The trout was perfectly cooked and covered with shredded brussel sprouts.
Stuffed eggplant:  This was my favorite of the entrees.  They cook the stuffed eggplant in tomatoes.  It was a really rich dish, but it's vegetarian so you feel slightly less guilty about it.  
Almond cheesecake:  I'm not a huge dessert eater, but I will be coming back just for the desserts.  I love cheesecake and this is one of the best I've had in my life. 
Tiramisu:  Again, another fabulous dessert.  It's a simple dessert that it just done really really well.
Overall, I loved my experience at Modo Mio.  I will say that if you go, do the turista menu.  We ended up wrapping up a bunch of it (lunch for the next day!) but if you do ala carte, I don't think its as much of a value.  I will certainly be back!Seriously if you can get 4 course meal this good for 35 there is nothing to complain about. The atmosphere and the patrons are very northern liberties and fishtown...just my impression not that it's good or bad.Does italian food get any better?  This place is spectacular.  The waitstaff is attentive and knowledgeable.  The food is incredible.  The lasagna with an easy egg on top is amazing.  Been here twice and loved it.  Will keep going back again and again.
Note: if you don't like noise, this isn't your place.  It's intimate and loud, but for my wife and I we don't care.  You also HAVE to have a reservation.  They are packed even mid week.  Call before 5 PM.Amazing Italian food. Go on Sunday for the pre set menu. An incredible amount of food and if the highest quality for a very fair price. The regular menu too is great, but man Sunday is delicious.Feathers in my cap:
1. Four-course turista menu costing $35 per person
2. Freshly baked bread made in-house, with goat cheese in olive oil for spreading / dipping purposes
3. Non-spicy mussels in white wine sauce, with extra of the freshly baked bread offered for soaking up the broth
4. Lasagna (mildly spicy) with fried egg on top, yummy runny yolk soaking into fresh sheets of pasta
5. Short rib ragu so juicy and tender
6. Cheesecake with berry sauce on top ... mmmm cheesecake
7. Friendly service and never empty water glasses
8. BYOB with wine store across the street
9. Warm/inviting/small/cozy atmosphere
10. Coat rack in the back, no need for awkward placement of puffy down coats over small chairs
Blackeyes:
-Immediately adding junk to the trunk that almost knocked over a neighboring table's wine glasses when I tried to exit the restaurant.
FYI:
-Cash onlyThis was a fantastic experience, and I would expect no less from the folks who brought us Monsù.
While it is a BYOB, it is across the street from a liquor store, so that makes things easy.  It is cash only, but so reasonably priced as to not be a problem on the wallet!
More importantly, the service was exceptional and the food was exquisite!  I had the lamb, and it was incredible.  I overheard the chef personally recommending the gnocchi, and he was right...it was the best gnocchi I've ever tasted.  
I came with a group and the staff was very accommodating.
This place is a new favorite and I will definitely be back.  I highly recommend Modo Mio.Loved the tourista menu option. There are too many plates to try that going this prefixe four course option is the way to go. I recommend going as adventurous as your palate can take you when you order. It might be just me but the more atypical the ingredient is, the more exciting the dishes then to be. But their "normal" plates are really good too. Remember, it's cash only and BYOB. I think each time I called to reserve and to confirm, the hostess was emphatic about reminding me that. Enjoy your dinner there! :-)Um holy cow thank god this place is in Philadelphia and not in Jersey or else I'd be a dead woman. Or maybe not dead but, fat. You have to go with the turista menu. A sampling of this creative take on Italian sharing plates. A four course taste runs you $35. What's amazing about this is that you have free range of the menu. There is a small charge if you order the whole fish as your entree but, other than that all is fair in love and ordering. 
The meal starts off with free homemade bread that you dip in olive oil with a small mound of ricotta that adds so much flavor to the oil and every bite of bread. I started off with the grilled shrimp on bread with a roasted red pepper salad. Not the most complex dish and I got exactly what I ordered. I did sample the snails with figs which was absolutely amazing. The crab on a ricotta cake was superb and eggplant wallet was decent. Pretty regular eggplant rollatini dish if you ask me. 
On to the pasta course: Lasagna. A meat bolognese topped with a fried egg... what? Explosions of flavor. So rich and delicious, what an amazing and unusual dish. The rabbit gnocchi was superb and extremely meaty as well as extremely decadent. The spaghetti which came with tuna roe was spicy and flavorful though, not much of a tuna taste. Overall that lasagna is the real winner.
Now, onto the main course. The trout listed on the menu was superb. A beautiful fillet of fish with a corn meal dusting was perfectly flavored and cooked. I went with this dish since I was near food comatose at this point, and this seemed to be the lightest thing on the menu. It was and I also think out of all the entrees at the table, it was the best. My bf ordered the breaded ribeye which was good. The veal was amazing, extremely rich and the seafood zuppe was perfect, with a beautiful and spicy red sauce. That trout though. Wooooweeee.
The meal all ended with dessert and perfectly tasting expresso. I went with the cannoli. Yes, it was amazing too. I'm not kidding you. Creamy, with almost a graham cracker shell. I loved everything that I put into my mouth this evening. Was everything probably swarming in butter, salt and everything else that isn't good for you? Most likely yes. But, sometimes that needs to be done. Thank you Modo Mio.
Oh, did I mention this place is BYOB? 'Cause it is. Life don't get much better than that.Every morsel we ordered-and we got the turista menu to get many courses-- was divine.  Definitely not your usual red sauce restaurant.  The hard-to-find agnolotti was out of this world.  Be sure to reserve in advance!This is still the best Italian byo in the city and you can't beat the tasting menu. The mussels are always fresh and prepared perfectly. If you've never gotten the lasagna with fried egg on top it is a must try. However, all of the pastas are incredible. Service is phenomenal.  
Here's a tip. They can do most dishes gluten free and will even bring gluten free bread.Went back again last night for a birthday celebration.  Once again, Modo Mio impressed.  Everything was awesome, so I'm just going to tell you what I had and you can order it all.  Went with the Menu Turista again, $33 for 4 courses.
Antipasti: I had the Pepperoni, which was a hot pepper filled with some sort of creamy, cheesy goodness and surrounded by a green sauce (I think might have been close to a chimichurri?).  
Pasta: Pumpkin-filled tortelloni.  Hellllooo Fall favorite.  It was slightly sweet with a bit of cheese sprinkled over top, which added just enough saltiness to balance it out.  
Secondi: The Anatra.  Duck breast with sweet, carmelized apples and cabbage.  Tender and seasoned perfectly.  
Dulce: Once again, I went with the flourless chocolate torte.  You can't go wrong here.  Although I will be spending a little more time on the elliptical machine today.
I've realized that you can pretty much order anything from their menu and it will be a culinary explosion in your mouth.This place is a hidden gem. The food is amazing, and the staff was super friendly. I had driven past it a billion times and didn't even know it was there until I went for a friend's birthday dinner. Really a great little spot.SALTY... SALTY... SALTY!!! Sooo much salt from the Sunday plateful of meats and pasta. On Sunday it's a fixed menu and you don't know what is on the menu until the plates come out and it's family style. Our first big plate was cured meats and cheese with bread and olive oil with a dollop of cheese in the middle. That was delicious. Definitely thought the starter was a good indicator of what was to come. We were ready for the following plates. The second dish was the meats, which was full of grill pork chops, beef, sausages, and chicken doused with tomato sauce. Lots of tomato sauce. So much sauce that you can't really tell what meat you're eating by looking at it. This was super salty and it was just a huge pile of meat. I guess if I were taken by terrorists and held captive I would appreciate this, but it wasn't a lovely sight. My table full of asians AND photographers didn't even take a picture of it. At the same time, a plate full of pasta which included bucantini, penne, and lasagna. The next plate was an arugula salad with a light vinaigrette dressing. Although after all the salty meats and pasta sauce, the salad was a good break. The dessert plate included a pistacchio cheesecake, tiramisu, and a dense chocolate cake. I really hope these dishes don't indicate what they're like during the weekday. It would be a shame since they seem to have good reviews normally.Luigi says: We have been here 15 times.  Last time, were kept waiting too long.  I said something the stewardess and she told the owner/chef.  They apologized with the most special and delicious food.  They could not have been nicer and took 4 upset people and made them feel at home.  The food is absolutely wonderful and creative.  A favorite!!  Just keep it this way!!TRUTH IN ADVERTISING: This food here is 90% French, 10% Italian.  If you love French food, then by all means enjoy Modo Mio, but don't come here expecting real Italian food.  
The service was great, and the home made bread was delicious, but all the food is extremely rich and overloaded with butter.Outstanding Italian food and a gem of Northern Libs. Our server, Andrew, was great - very knowledgeable and attentive. While the place is small and can be loud at times it has a charm about it that trumps those negatives. My only negative comments would be that they ran out of their most ordered entree - Veal by 8pm on Sat night. Disappointed, I had the skirt steak which was good but not great. My dessert was also only 3 stars out of 5 (terra masu) as well but all around a great experience and will definitely be going back often!Italian feast in an intimate setting.  This place pulls out all the stops:  Pre-appetizer treats and post-entree sambucca shots, compliments of the chef.
Kiss your carb-free resolutions goodbye for the night.  A deliciously thick-crusted soft-centered dough is served with every plate.
The descriptions alone set your mouth watering.  I savored  the turisto, but substituted a second antipasti over pasta (Yes you can do that!): Cozze mussels with spicy red sauce, Polpo spicy tomato stewed octopus (DIVINE), Zuppe de Pesce, and finished with a lusciously creamy tiramisu with espresso.  
The red mussels came with the exact same buttery broth as did the zuppe de pesce.  I recommend choose only one. Four stars because they over did it on the butter and oils.
Conveniently located across the street from the Wine & Spirits, this BYO is a supreme choice.  You might have to unbutton your pants after this one.OK, after reading all of the YELP reviews suggesting Chef "over salts", "salts forward", "heavily salts" the food, I had visions of walking out of the place looking like Lot's wife, ya know, from the bible. ;-)  But it didn't happen...NOT EVEN CLOSE.  And I have been a critic of salt overdose for years, in an attempt to create flavor, as amateur-like food prep.
Moving on....
This small BYOB, was cozy but full of sound, but as I always say if you want quiet, stay home.  The service was good, food delivery to the table a little sporadic, but wtf, not a big deal once you started eating.  The prix fixe tasting works like this, which took a couple of explanations by Alexis for it to sink in:  Four courses, you pick each course from menu yourself, $40, of course slightly smaller portions than regular, but trust me, each course is plenty, and I ain't a light eater.
I had the Lumache, Sicilian style braised snails with mushrooms in a lovely buttery sauce with a touch of tomato, with fried cheese, my favorite dish of the evening -- 5 stars
Followed with the pan seared gnocci with spinach.  I love a wonderful pan seared gnocci, this was good, not wow. -- 3.5 stars
My entree was the branzino, filleted, crispy skin side up, fresh, delightful.-- 4 stars
The tiramisu, scooped in a ball was tasty, soft, creamy, a touch thin in flavor --  3 stars, not the best I ever had
Overall, a satisfying experience and looking forward to a return visit or three or four to try the rest of the menu.
CIAOFun place to dine. We love their tasting menu which offers eclectic, interesting choices. They do not disappoint.Came here on a Friday night. Waited 15 minutes for our reservation at 9:15. Not bad. But it gets worse. Our waiter left us for 25 minutes had to flag him down and order. They ran out of two dishes and had to come to our table twice to tell us this. The food is stange, small portions and just awkward flavors. I'm pretty sure my dad ate fish covered with marshmello fluff. I kid you not. Like someones trying too hard to make a complex menu. None of my family finished any portion of anything. Each plate just more disappointing than the first.
The courses don't come out on time waiters seem confused and overworked. The whole place just seems like some guy was like 'yeah.. ill try and open an Italian place why not!' 
Waits long, portions are small, restaurant is loud. I really don't understand why this place is rated so high. Maybe people came here on a less busy night? Wouldn't come back. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
So much better Italian in the city. Like in my apartment.. with a bottle of wine and store bought ravioli. I'm that serious. 
Continued after we complained: 
And to top it all off had a heated argument with the "manager" who refused to comp our meal because we "ate" some of it. We each tried a bite and realized it wasn't even worth consuming. Now let me state, we brought two bottles of 50$ champagne to celebrate me passing a huge test. That was more than the bill. We are not the family to walk out on a meal. I went to culinary school, was a waiter, busser, dish washer everything in between. I really do understand the industry. I tip 20% every time I go out. This place was the worst, the worst restaurant I've ever been to and the only meal I've walked out on in my entire life. Thats how awful this experience was. No apologies in this review. No apologies walking out. Please avoid this place.*3.5* stars. My party of 8 ate here Saturday night and all enjoyed the 4 course tasting menu. We had a 915 reservation and were seated about 15 minutes late, no big deal. They promptly opened the gratuitous amount of wine bottles we brought to this BYOB and everyone went to work carefully selecting their courses.
They brought us all out an amuse bouche which was a refreshing start before gluttony ensued. I started with the crab and ricotta cake which was flavorful but could have used more sauce. I then had a spicy pasta made with thick spaghetti, super fresh and simple. My duck entree was my least favorite surprisingly. It was on the fatty side  despite being cooked well. 
It should be noted I tried many other peoples plates and am still a little bitter it was their plates not mine. I need to go back and get the rabbit to my face. The sweetbreads also were an amazing entree I will need to come back for. It was a little disappointing they didn't give us a dessert option and instead just brought out a couple variety plates for the table. Furthermore, we never got Sambuca (not that I needed it by the end).This was our first visit (7/1/2011) and we plan to return. The food was excellent and well prepared and the service was quick but not rushed. One of the three couples in our party keeps Kosher and they had no problem finding dishes which were very much to their liking.
You should be aware that this BYOB is cash only and for parties of 6 or more you must purchase the four-course prix fixe menu.  Due to portion size this was only slightly higher than my gastric capacity.
...well, we went back last night (7/16/2011) and the experience was the same as the first time.  The difference was this was a Saturday night and the first time was Thursday.  The weather was a good deal warmer this time and, as before, we sat inside.  Other than being under air conditioned, we, once again had a superlative meal.  It is also fairly noisy, though even we boomers (ages 59 to 65) were able to converse.
Though we had a party of 5 and were not mandated, we all ordered the four-course "tourista" menu, which includes an antipasti, pasta, secundi (main course), and desert.  The choice of all is anything in those categories on the menu and the price is $34 a person.  (The whole fish of the night would have been $5 extra.)  There were a few menu changes from our first time but, as mentioned, the quality and flavors of the foods were exquisite.I have been meaning to go to Modo Mio for a while because it is consistently rated one of the most underrated restaurants in the city and it is also a really good deal. It is a stellar deal, 4 courses for $35 and they are real courses like one that really fill you up. We arrived on a Friday night around 9 pm for our reservation and the place was hopping, almost every table was full and everyone seemed to be having a great time. We settled in and our server came over and told us about the menu and the specials. For 1st course we did the lamb belly special, the caprese, and the calamari. Everything was great and the lab belly was awesome it was cooked well and had a nice intense lamb taste. For 2nd course we did the rigatoni with zucchini, the seafood lasagna, and the tagliatelle pasta that came with chicken livers. Again everything was great and we really enjoyed it, the pasta was al dente just so you know and we all had to stop eating part way through the course to save room for the mains. For entrees we went with the whole fish (which has a $5 surcharge but I mean come on it's a steal), the skate wing, and one other thing that is escaping me. Our server was kind enough to let us sample some of her favorite sides including the broccoli rabe (spicy) and tomatoes in a vinegar and olive oil sauce which were really tasty and good since tomatoes are in season. For dessert our server brought out a sampler of the desserts and everything was very good but I have to say my 2 favorites were the cheesecake and the chocolate cake. We brought a bottle of wine since it's a BYO and it is cash only, there is an ATM in the back of the restaurant near the bathrooms. Total for this dinner for 3 people was $112 which is a deal. Definitely recommend Modo Mio and will be returning soon.The Turista menu option is a must! The menu has too many options to nail down just one course. The space is cosy and bustling. It was obvious that the other tables were having as much fun as my group was. The portions were a perfect size to really explore a great menu. 
The food was wonderful, rich and expertly prepared. I am already planning my next trip. The seafood stew was heaping with a variety of flavorful and tender seafood. I ordered extra bread to make sure I would not waste any of the broth. 
The staff is very helpful, ready to assist with any questions. Also, they bring out a shot of Sambuca before your dessert course, which was a pleasant surprise.  
Be sure to make a reservation, and bring cash.went to modo mio again tuesday night - they've tweaked the menu just a little bit and it's still fabulous.  expect to get the four-course menu and spend a few hours.  pack wine accordingly.  the gnocchi was great, but we all agreed my ravioli with butter & walnut sauce was the clear winner.  also, the zucchini & olive oil cake for dessert cannot be missed!  the chef is extremely friendly and if you're sitting outside there's a good chance he'll approach you to chat if you're inclined.  awesome deal for $32 and some of the most amazing food in the city.  go!!!!Usually I'm content with eating good, cheap food and don't usually need a fancy/ spot to make me happy. In this situation the meal was on someone else so we decided to try it after hearing all the good reviews. To my surprise the cost of dinner wasn't even that serious.  The Turista (explained as meaning "my way" in Italian) menu includes an appetizer, pasta dish, main dish and a dessert for $33. Sides can be ordered on the side for an extra cost. Also it's a BYOB.
We sat outside on a hot evening. The service was personable and friendly. The bread lady to the water guy to the owner hanging around, to our very knowledgable and friendly server made the dining experience make us feel very comfortable and welcome. 
The food was also very tasty and in perfectly sized portions. The other reviews mention overly salty food. Our server informed us that no salt is added to any of the food, but I can see how some diners would think that. There were some dishes that I also thought were on the salty side but they were still very delicious. 
The bread is sooo good served with a soft cheese in a pool of olive oil. But the best dish was definitely the calf's tongue. It came with sweet artichokes, mushrooms and it was so flavorful and tasty that I wonder why it's not a more popular dish on other menus. The rigatoni pasta was perfectly chewy and delicious with eggplant, tomato and cheese. The main coursed of monkfish and ribeye were also tasty and tasty. Desserts and cappuccinos were simple, yet also perfect. 
We already have reservations to go again. I read that they change the menu every few months, but hopefully the tongue is still on there.Our group had a pretty uninspired meal here which surprised all of us who had been a few times and loved it before. Every course was poorly timed, some finished their plate before others even had gotten theirs. The appetizer course was the only really tasty one of the night. Byo kept everyone buzzed all dinner. Cash only though so come prepared.This was a great BYOB cash only spot just outside of Northern Liberties that also has a great authentic Italian style and feel. Modo Mio made me feel like I was eating in Italy again, with its 4 course "turista" style menu. It is uncommon to find a place in America that bases their restaurant around this longer, more enjoyable style of eating, with smaller portions and more courses.  The food was modern Italian with a little French influence, and it did not disappoint. The menu had alot of different options, including several vegetarian/ non-meat entrees for all you herbivores.  AND the best part is that its only 33 bucks per person.
I had scallops with carmelized strawberries, proscuitto and arugala to start which was delicious (the woman next to me was complaining too salty but she was full of it). My date had an italian style crabcake that was also very good.
For the pasta course i had homemade ravioli stuffed with rabbit and veal which melted in my mouth. all the pasta and the bread was made in house which is another plus in my book.
for the secondi i had the sautee'd sweetbreads (the waiter asked me if i knew what they were which i thought was hilarious) that were doused in an orange almost chinese style duck sauce and pancetta. they were delicious coming from someone who really enjoys sweetbreads, and has definitely had some bad ones. My date had the eggplant stuffed with tomato and ricotta that was enormous and delicious.
The desserts were the only thing that were sub par. We had this strange watermelon-mint panna cotta concoction that was not good at all, but the chocolate tart was decent.
Overall awesome place to take a date for a nice meal that is affordable where you will get a lot of good quality italian bang for your buck.This is actually the best restaurant I have ever had the pleasure to patronize. 
Everything was beyond incredible. The octopus there is the most tender I have ever tasted. There isn't a single dish here that I wouldn't have absolute faith in. To be honest, the meal was so delicious and intense, I felt almost embarrassed to be having it in public.
The seating area is a bit cozy and if you're looking for a distance of 15 feet between tables in which to have intimate conversations, this place probably wouldn't be appropriate for that. It is good, however, for some great eavesdropping. The staff is really knowledgeable and really charming in a specifically Italian kind of way. 
Really. Best place in Philly.Great place to eat.Just wish they serve alcohol,wine or something like that.People who work their are great and friendly.Normally momma makes (Italian)dinner on Sunday for all her kids grandchildren and great grandchildren, but today she decided to go out leaving all to fend for ourselves. So new to this neighborhood and after seeing the rave reviews on yelp my daughter and I decided to give Modo mio a shot. And boy did we hit the Sunday dinner bull's-eye! This place only makes Sunday dinner on Sunday it's prefix, and it's incredibly good. 4 courses, antipasti several sampling size appetizers all very tasty then comes the best mussels in red sauce EVER. Then three types of pasta, gnocchi bucatini and penne along with meatballs sausage pork and chicken, and then they drop the lasagna bomb on ya. It's all fabulous!! Course 3 arugula salad very nice. And lastly for dessert tira misu and flourless chocolate cake that is a chocohaulic's dream.After reading all the great reviews, my bf and i chose Modo Mio for my birthday dinner last night.  It definitely lived up to the hype!
*Note it is CASH  ONLY!
As has been said many times - $32 for 4 courses is a fantastic deal.  And it's not as if one of the courses is a boring spaghetti.  There were specials in each category, and it was hard for us to narrow it down to even two choices to share!
Antipasta - I had the special of pan seared scallops and made the boy get the grilled octopus salad.   Both were delicious.
Pasta - had the veal and rabbit ravioli and the egg noodles with spicy boar ragu.  Both were fantastic and different then your typical italian pasta dish.
Secundo - The special of the duck confit 9with a sunny side up egg on top) was AMAZING.  Just the right melding of crisp, fatty, meat, and salty, peppery greens.  I had the pistachio encrusted lamb, and really appreciated the balance of flavors that went into the dish
Desert - shared the panna cotta and the chocolate cake.  Tasty although not as mind blowing as the main courses.  Satisfied my sweet tooth though - and they included a candle for my birthday.
Ernesto was a fantastic server - super frinedly, ready to explain dishes we had questions about and recommend according to our tastes, as well as to speak about the overall concept of the restaurant (which is to provide authentic italian, not the usual huge heavy pasta dishes).
We'll be back next as soon as we have friends from out of town to show them some of the best dining in Philly!I'd give it 4.5 stars, but I'll round up here.
My friends made reservations for a Thursday night and we found parking nearby on the main street and scampered across by jaywalking. This is another one of those cash only, BYOB restaurants that Philly is famous for. And for good reason! Each of us ordered the $35 fixed price dinner with four courses (appetizer, pasta, entree, dessert). The whole meal was great, and not just in terms of bang for buck; all of the food was also super delicious. 
We started out with an amuse bouche that was their take on bruschetta: goat cheese, tomato, and basil on toasted bread with a pesto sauce. It was so very delicious. The wait staff also brought around crusty bread slices with a mushroom infused olive oil for dipping as well as a dollop of soft ricotta cheese. I got the ricotta crabcake for my appetizer and was NOT disappointed. It was topped with a slaw of cabbage and apple, I think. It had a very tangy and tart dressing which helped to cut through the richness of the pan fried ricotta and crab. Overall, very good. And pretty large too! Even though we had been warned that portion sizes are on the smaller side (think, tasting menu), I thought it was plenty of food. For my second course, I went with the special of that evening for my pasta dish, a tortellini stuffed with lobster, shrimp, and potato topped with a rich tomato cream sauce. These were very tasty as well and very rich. I could definitely taste the freshness of the crab and shrimp, and I liked the al dente texture of the pasta. The only miss of the evening was my entree, which was the "Troutta," a cornmeal crusted trout with pancetta bits, roasted artichokes, and "exotic" mushrooms. This was basically covered in oil which imparted no real taste. The mushrooms and artichokes were roasted and deliciously crisped on the edges, but the pancetta had baked down to a crisp and were too salty. While the fish was quite tender and perfectly good, I just didn't like how it was swimming in oil. I would consider trying the duck next time, which comes topped with a perfectly fried egg! The malbec we brought with us was a perfect accompaniment to the meal because it was mild enough not to overcome the lighter flavors of the fish. No corkage fees either. I actually closed out my meal with a complimentary shot (?) of the sambucca. I'm not sure if you're supposed to drink it like a shot, but it sure did clear out the heaviness of the meal and wake me up with its strong licorice flavor.
By this point, we were all really stuffed so we opted to take our desserts to go. They had five choices that night, so we went with two flour-less chocolate cakes and a hazelnut cake. I really liked the hazelnut cake because it was not too sweet and came topped with a hazelnut mousse! All of this for around $42 including tax and tip! I highly recommend this place.Wonderful holiday work party for a very lively group of 11 at Modo Mio, a neighborhood BYOB. The food and service were excellent, special shout out to Lucy...she is so very nice, as is McAndrew's, and his entire team. It's an intimate, chill, setting, so Philly, and I love that. We look forward to many more dinners and celebrations at Modo Mio and we highly suggest it to everyone. The dessert platter was TOO good...as I am pretty sure I ate the entire thing...shares the limelight with two others (horizons, matyson) for my absolute favorite restaurant in town.  from the homemade bread beginnings to the shot of sambuca endings it is perfect.  the chef is not afraid of seasoning boldly and does not cater to boring palates.  the food is salty and peppery in a spectacular way.  the ravioli in a butter sauce and the octopus salad - two things i would absolutely recommend.  plates are just the right size to leave you pleasantly stuffed at the end of the meal, and the service is usually perfect - evenly spaced time between courses to digest.  the four course menu is a great deal at $32 now, and the place is cash only, BYO and tiny so be prepared.  weekday nights (closed sun + mon) are usually best to avoid a wait.   oh, oh, and eat outside for a spectacular view of the skyline.I loved our meal at Modo Mio last night.  It was a typical Philly Italian BYO: insanely loud and crowded, but here specifically there was a great authentic, community feel.  The service was absolutely perfect.  I hate being rushed during a meal, and our servers seemed to have no problem with us taking our time to enjoy our food, while still being accessible if we needed anything.  The pacing was excellent: the next course was not brought out until we were finished with the previous one and it had been cleared.  This seems like it would be easy to find, but most places send out everything in quick succession!    
The best value here is the Turista menu: $37pp covers an appetizer, pasta course, main course and dessert, which you could easily spend trying to sample as much as possible on the menu.  My boyfriend and I split everything, and our favorite dishes of the evening were the agnolotti stuffed with rabbit and sage brown butter, and the trout with greens and strawberries.  We also loved the fresh ricotta served alongside the table bread. I'm not really sure why people are complaining that the dishes are too small...if you're eating four plates of food, you don't want to get absolutely stuffed on the first one.  I thought the portions were actually pretty generous for a tasting menu.  The one thing we felt was not so great were the desserts..if you're not doing the tasting menu, I would skip these.
Make a reservation and bring plenty of money-they're cash only.I've been to Modo Mio before but recently had an engagement dinner there and felt inclined to post a review because of how incredible the service was. I was planning to have my family and my fiance's family surprise us at the restaurant after I proposed earlier in the day. Jessica, one of the managers, was incredibly gracious and helpful in setting everything up. She even bent some of the rules for me regarding our reservation time. We did a $40 turista menu (4 courses + sides); everything that we ordered was absolutely amazing (no surprise, I had been here for dinner before). The service was top-notch also. It was really a special night for my fiance and I, thanks Modo Mio!This place is such a gem. The service is professional, warm, and knowledgeable. We had a table of 13 people. It was delightful we really felt right at home. Everyone loved their dish and all the food was very fresh. We all did the $40 prefix and felt that it was a good amount of food. They make their bread in house. They have a good amount of gluten free options including for desert.- Overwhelmed, slow waitstaff on a Saturday night, though personable when service came.  It took 20 minutes for our bottle of white wine to be uncorked, and even longer for it to be placed on ice.
- First serving of bread arrived 20-30 minutes after seating and was of decent quality.  The second serving was definitely stale.  
- As suggested by others, ordered the turista menu, my thoughts on some dishes are below:
spiedini - grilled shrimp: ok, but slightly salty
pasta e ceci - pasta with shrimp, pancetta: extremely salty, almost inedible
spinaci - spinach: decent texture, but again, salty
entree with superfluous squid ink, can't remember its name:  bland, but at least it wasn't excessively salty
Overall:  I was underwhelmed, and probably won't return.  I really wanted to like this place as much as all the other reviewers and my coworker who had recommended it.  I am not sure if the service and food was compromised by the busy saturday night.  Perhaps it improves on other days and times in order for these very positive reviews to be written.  Regardless, good restaurants should never have difficulty delivering a consistent product on any time or day.Good place to go and recommend.  We had an enjoyable time here.  Very large portions.  The service was friendly and moved quickly.  The place was a little tight for sitting though.   Worth going to!Went here last night for a friend's birthday. It is a tiny place, so when it is crowded (as it was last night), you can't even hear yourself think. Let alone have a pleasant dining experience. Unless you like being constantly bumped by the people thisclose to you at the next table, or enjoy having stranger's asses in your face when they walk by.
The menu has few vegetarian options. Their online menu was not the menu we were presented with, which threw me for a loop. As a vegetarian, I always do my homework before I eat anywhere.  I dine out pretty regularly, and have seldom encountered anything but "Sure, we can do x, y and z!" when I ask what the kitchen can do. Not so at Modo Mio. 
We went with the "tourista" menu. The food that was vegetarian ranged from decent (a portabello mushroom appetizer) to extremely horrid. I ordered an eggplant appetizer (which was o.k.) and also ordered an eggplant main course because there were no other options. It was so dry and bland; I had to send it back - something I have never done before. My replacement was an arugula salad dressed with - in what I can only surmise by the taste -  a metric ton of salt, topped with a tiny sliver of pecorino, three pine nuts and four raisins.  
For my pasta course I chose the gnocchi, which I was told could be made vegetarian by removing the shrimp. It was awful. Dry - some were overcooked - bitter pieces of potato. No sauce. In desperation, I dunked the gnocchi in the vestiges of the oils that were served with the bread (the best part of the meal). It didn't help.  
Dining here confirms my belief that you can determine whether a restaurant employs people who can cook by eating their vegetable dishes. Modo Mio obviously does not.Nom. Nom. Nom.
A good friend of mine was raving about this place a lot. She would say that's a place that I  would totally like. So I decided to give them a shot! I called to make a reservation and found availability on a Friday night at 7:30 pm. My boyfriend and I were seated quickly. The waitress approached us right after and our bottle of Chardonnay wine, that we got just at the wine and spirit right across the street, was ready to be emptied.
When dining at Italian restaurants I tend to skip on the second plates because I'm just not a fan of pasta. Many may think that I'm weird but, no thank you! We knew what we were going to order - Pesce Arrosto! We placed the order immediately and then asked for more time to choose the appetizers so we would get more taste of the food that gets prepared at Modo Mio. We started off with the Calamari all Griglia and I got another appetizer that had Gorgonzola cheese in it - do not recall the name. Both apps were great but on the saltier side. I like salt but If you don't and in case you have a medical issue - ask them to go light on it. We took our time with both plates as we knew that it was going to take a while for the fish to be prepared. When it arrived, the fish was just so softly cooked and it had absorbed all the juices and spices that the chef had used that night. The stalk of rosemary right in the middle was the greatest, most flavorful addition to the plate. I have had branzino in other places but none of them had it cooked in this way. I remember the couple sitting right next to us, looking over because we had our hands all dirty and were taking off bones out of our mouth while sipping on our fancy Chardonnay. Mi dispiace - but they said that they will not fillet the fish! Skipped the dessert due to dietary restrictions at the time. My loss. 
Would love to return for a taste of other dishes on the menu. The atmosphere here is great, loud and vibrant.finally checked this place out on my birthday.  :)  thanks Carl!
it was great!  4 courses... each one was exceptional.  the homemade bread was Deee-LICIOUS!  i could have eaten pounds of it... but had to stop myself.  i loved that they used a lot of lemon zest on random dishes.  that is a favorite of mine.  there were so many flavors in each dish.  it was a treat.  
as i tend to eat vegetarian i was a bit disappointed in the lack of main dish options.... but that is really my only negative thought on the place.  
i enjoyed the atmosphere.. and everyone seemed happy and enjoying their food. 
the shot of sambuca to end it all was a great touch.  
i left extremely full!  for my next visit i plan to fast for days to prepare.  
i definitely recommend this restaurantThis and Little Fish are my favorite BYOBs in the city. 
Also, they have plenty of options for people like my mother who have Celiac's.  It can be very difficult for those who have a gluten allergy to enjoy Italian food and this place does it without any sacrificing. 
I can't wait to go back.Go with the Tour Menu (four courses).
It is not too much food, don't worry!
Everything here has been excellent.
Cash Only!!! BYO.Service was excellent, food was very authentic, and was Byob even better!! Came here with a group of friends and felt welcome the whole time, waiters were always on point with refills and checking up on us. Lasagna was amazing, who would've thought an egg on top would be amazing?? Even the spaghetti had a very good flavor to it just a tad on the salty side. Food is pricey but you pay for the service atmosphere and food. I'd come back and I would def recommend. Can't go wrong with a free shot of sambuca :)If you want high quality Italian food at a very reasonable price I highly recommend this place.I was sort of disappointed with our experience at Modo Mio, which I'd been hearing great things about since I moved to Philly last summer.  We went with a party of 6, including friends visiting from NYC and I wanted to show off Philly's great BYOB scene.  Our reservation was for 9:30 pm and we didn't sit down until about 10:10.  This wouldn't have bothered me so much if I hadn't been assured by the hostess when I called to make the reservation that a) the restaurant wouldn't be empty by the time we finished (spoiler alert: it was) and b) that we would have the table for the night (indicating that other people DO NOT, so as to clear tables for later reservations).  
To start, the bread and ricotta was just as great as everyone here has said.  We all had the Turista menu and some fared better than others - they were out of the gnocchi and a main course because we were there so late, which was too bad.  Really enjoyed the lasagna, but felt like my spaghetti dish was too spicy.  I had an eggplant dish for my main course that was unmemorable.  The men at the table all had the bistecca and enjoyed it, but felt it was extremely rich.  
I would like to try it again, perhaps with just my husband, maybe it would go smoother that way.An off the charts amazing small, BYOB in Northern Liberties. Great service and even better food! My mind has been completely blown multiple times on how lovely of a place this is to eat. 
Great for a romantic date or small family dinner.
Must Haves Appetizers:
Cozze (muscles) with red/hot sauce
Chicken liver bruschetta
Carpaccio di Manzo (beef)
Must Have Pasta:
Agnolotti del Plin (rabbit stuffed ravioli in sage brown butter): SUPER YUM
Lasagne: The over-easy egg on top is such a brilliant idea. The flavor and textures really work well together
Bring white & red bottles!