Ugh. The last few times I've left this place, I've left annoyed. The hostesses and the bartenders are rude. Really terrible attitudes consistently. I will not go back. 
Can get the same fries and mussels at their other location in fairmount minus the attitudes.This was my first trip to the famous Monk's.  What anticipation!  The beer variety did not disappoint.  Maybe my expectations were too high but all other aspects of the place were only fair.  I was there for lunch.  Maybe it is better for dinner.  The place is dark and narrow.  I looked online so knew the menu in advance.  I had mussels.  Good, but I have had better.  Only the front bar was open and the bartender did not want to talk about the taps in the back room.  He was knowledgeable about beer but that is the only positive that I could give him.  I asked for a particular beer and he had to go to the basement to get one.  He came back with a different beer and poured it without asking me first.  When I noticed the bottle and asked what he did, he brushed it off as no big deal because he knew it was just as good and cheaper.  The substituted beer was good but that is unacceptable behavior by a bartender. Maybe Monk's is better with a different bartender.  Maybe, maybe, maybe.  Maybe Monk's is riding on its rep.  Maybe I will not go back.I love this place, the mussels are amazing and the mac and cheese is so good! I usually go to the back bar, and the bartender back there is great! There's always great beers on tap and the staff is knowledgeable and make great suggestions. Yummy, thinking about Monk's makes me want to eat there right now.... Guess I know what I'm doing tonight!My only complaint with Monk's is that it's popular. It's a Philadelphia institution, they've been pouring Belgian beer before you could find it on a map and long before you could tell the different between a dubbel, trippel, and quad. Great beer selection divided up between the front and back bar. Love the food. If I could reliably get a table or a place at the bar I'd be here all the time.I've had many, many great nights at this Philly staple. Writing this review makes me wish I was there right now settling in with some friends, ordering some fine beers and a couple pots of mussels on a crisp November night.
The beer selection is the #1 draw. The draft list is always changing but if you are into IPAs, barley wines, belgian blondes and then like, there's always something for you. I remember going once and seeing Pliny The Elder on tap and being particularly delighted. The bartenders themselves are seasoned vets and they know their stuff. They're also incredibly friendly and easy going. 
When the place gets busy, and it does get busy and noisy, it just feels vibrant, never chaotic. There's a great energy there. I'm giving this place 5 stars because it's a long-time favorite of mine and it never disappoints.the only reason i gave monks a single star is because the mussels are decent.  
the staff is rude and acts as if you are privileged to merely be in their company, the service from the moment we walked was miserable.  the consensus of our party was that nobody had ever been treated so poorly eating out before. 
there are plenty of other places in the area to grab a excellent beer - i suggest trying one as you stroll past monks.YUM. Love the mussels. Great service; I can actually credit their servers for helping me develop a taste for beer. Fun atmosphere. I always recommend it to people coming to the city.Delicious! Loved sitting at the bar.  Too many good beers to choose from!  I tried thd Belgian beers (since this is a Belgian restaurant) - Duvel draft and Chimay triple ale.  Try what they're known for - a small pot of Monks Mussels and pommes frites!  Just the right amount of food with bread to dip in the sauce.We arrived around 9pm on a Friday night and the four of us were seated in minutes and spent about 3 hours at our table ordering food and drinks.
These may be the best mussels that I have had in Philly. The small pot was huge so I can't even imagine what the large pot must be like. The 4 of us split 3 small pots of mussels and 2 sandwiches and were stuffed. The mussels also come with a side of bread and French fries. The Portobello sandwich was good, but I think their burgers are even better. They also have a decent beer menu. The 4 of us had 3 pots of mussels, 2 sandwiches and countless beers over a 3 hour period and our bill came to about $160, and we left very full and satisfied. Service was decent.
They do need to fix their bathroom sink because the cold water faucet did not work at all.For Belgian brews and tasty pub food, it doesn't get any better in Philly than Monk's.
Monk's has a great atmosphere--dark, wood-paneled walls smattered with Belgian beer paraphernalia and old woven tapestries, with a great indie/rock soundtrack to boot.
But really, you come to Monk's for the beer.  They have their own branded Flemish Sour Ale brewed for them that is bomb.  The Sour Ale is a MUST, and should be your first drink of the night. Always.
The tap list is always rotating but never disappoints.  Monk's does a great job of carrying some solid Belgian gems like Tripel Karmeliet, while also mixing in seasonal flavors, IPAs, and a few heavier beers.  The Monk's beer guide is worth a look for kicks, but the tap list is so great than I've never found myself wanting anything bottled.  For the non-beer enthusiasts, you can often find lambics that will satisfy.  The bar is pretty weak in terms of liquor, but that's not their wheelhouse.
Prices are rather high but won't kill you, especially if you're having fewer servings of boozier beers.
Food is great, but good luck getting a table until late night.  Odds are great that you'll be standing with your drinks until a bar stool or two open up--totally worth it for the the Monk's experience.Habit forming... like a Monk's habit.  Get it? I'm stupid. 
My little sister showed me this place when I came to visit in Philly.  Honesty, you can't beat mussels, pommes frites, and good beer.  A great ambiance and a great beer selection are two things that always make me smile.  
Now I understand why Belgium still exists as a country and hasn't been partitioned between France and Holland.  Actually, I don't. Why does Belgium still exist? Whatever, this place rocks.It was good food and great beer selection. I got the duck salad and it was very big portion and delicious. The first time I went however the hostess told us 20 minutes. We waited 40 before we decided to just go somewhere else. She even offered to sit out group at a large round table with another group? I though this was weird and kind of unprofessional? Like no thanks I don't want to sit across from random people while I eat dinner. Gonna give the benefit of the doubt and hope it was her first day doing that job. Thankfully the second time I went and successfully ate there it was a much better experience.I finally had the opportunity to eat at Monk's after some time of waiting, and my general comment would be that I expected more. 
   Now, the beer selection definitely lived up to the hype. As many Yelpers indicate, the beer menu is a book, and Monk's has whatever your heart might desire. 
   As an entre, I ordered the Provence mussels, which I hoped would tickle my taste buds. I actually hoped to experience something similar to Granville's in Washington, D.C., but the mussels did not have the strong flavor I hoped they would have. I will say that the quantity served was worth the price, but what the food was in quantity it lacked in flavor.It's more of a 3.5. Food is decent, beer selection is excellent (although I went with Duvel as I don't know much about Belgian ales and their "bible" was overwhelming). Ambiance is excellent. The service was below average. If hipsters annoy you, don't go here.Overrated, service slow and not very polite. Except when they are ready to give you your bill to move you out so they can seat others. Ordered scotch eggs and they came out with the pork raw and slimy. When mentioned this the waiter said that it is normal because the sausage is homemade. No the pork should not be gooey. The burger and fries were good, but nothing to rave about. Spanish fly chicken wings boast of being HOT HOT HOT, hardly. Would not come again, not recommend this place.Amazing Fleming sour ale, privately brewed, perhaps one of the best I however had. Great burger perfectly cooked, awesome chicken, and some sweet vegan/vegetarian options. A person in our party got the Seitan cheesesteak, and it was better than most normal cheesesteaks. Very friendly wait staff too! If I find myself in Philly again I'm definitely coming back.There are very few places where I am willing to wait over an hour for a table.  Monk's is it.  But because of this, I don't go often, and I don't even consider going on a weekend anymore.
The 6 of us went on Tuesday, and the place was packed at 6:30!  Fortunately, we are Monk's savvy, and showed up an hour early to start our festivities at the bar, so by 7:30 we'd have a table.  They don't take reservations and they won't seat you unless everyone is here, so once our last friend arrived at 7:30, we were seated at 7:45, not too bad.
Their beer selections rocks, and I really don't like to drink beer anymore (the bubbles make me feel sick), but here, you have to drink the beer, so I had their chimay on tap, and a bells in a bottle.  I promptly started to get a buzz since I was there on an empty stomach, so we order fries at the bar while we waited. I LOVE their dipping sauce.  It's SO much better than ketchup, and almost makes you think ketchup is so declasse. I've tried to replicate this sauce at home, but it's just not the same.
For dinner, I had a large pot of Brussels Mussels (it rhymes!) and their green mixed salad.  It was plenty and I was full.  
Their expresso creme brulee really was a misnomer, but nevertheless decent with a cup of coffee.  
I guess I am biased, because if it was anywhere else, I'd probaby give it less stars, but I love their beer selection, their fries (really just the sauce), and their mussels, that I'm willing to deal with the wait, spotty service, and the loud atmosphere.7pm on a Saturday, packed bar and only one bartender serving. Literally waited 7 minutes at the bar to even get a drink. After we were seated, had the Monk's mussels. Bland and unseasoned. Fries were on point. Ambiance is very homey and warm. Great service, had a server named Felicia that was super attentive and friendly. Will be back, maybe it was an off night.Amazing mussels for ~10. Juicy burger but hard as rock bread cut up the roof of my mouth. But ironically, soggy fries. Insanely awesome selection of craft beers and drinks. Nice staff and cool ambiance.
Fix the fries and the bread and it'd be a 5 star restaurant.Oh how I love their fries and clams! Amazing combo! Service was great (except I wish they would let me sit at the table instead of making me wait for my group).Monk's Cafe has a really huge and extensive collection of beers. There are SO many that are really unique. This is definitely the best part about the restaurant/cafe. Come for the beer as the main event! It's pretty busy even on Sunday night. We waited 25 minutes for a table for two. The ambiance is a little dark and bar-like as the bar is the main focus with food being secondary.
I won't review drinks specifically in the review because this time I only went for the food. I got the Monk's Burger and my friend got the mussels. I tried the mussels ($16) and quite liked them. They were garlicy and had a nice "sea" flavor. They were also juicy, and I didn't notice that there was any sand in them.
The Monk's burger ($13) was in general good. It comes with a side of seasoned fries and a mustard-mayo dip, which works well with the burger. The burger bun was very soft and enjoyable, and the blue cheese was sharp too. I found the burger meat itself slightly on the dry side and a little cold though, which is why I took off one star.
I did not get it this time, but I remember not liking the duck salad, thinking there was too little dressing.Finally got a chance to check out Monk's cafe this past weekend. Monk's gets a lot of hype so I was afraid that it wouldn't meet my expectations, but they most certainly did. Their beer menu is extensive to say the least - they have lots of beers on draft to choose from and it's just a fun place to be. Can't wait to return!Some say the beer list is impressive, but I'm not big on sampling beer. I just stick to my Corona.
The service was slow. The place is packed, so there can be a long, long wait, and once you're in, you probably won't hear the person right next to you because it's loud as hell. The food is average and overpriced. It might be a good place to drink on weekdays or for taking people from out of town.I like spicy food. Generally, when I order wings, I ask for the hottest ones without a second thought. I'm here to tell you that if you are like me, and decide to go to Monk's, you are about to make a mistake.
These wings are painfully spicy. I was dining with my good friend Callen, and we had a great night. It's fantastic to get someone who regularly drinks Miller Lite to enjoy a Delirium Tremens. As usual, the mussels here were fantastic. This was also my first time sitting at the back bar, and I love the atmosphere back in that little room.
The wings are a slowly growing fire in your mouth, and it sticks with you. One of the worst things is that if you have any other food or beer, you can forget about tasting it. Luckily, I saved the wings for last. By the end of the six wings I ate, I was visibly sweating and involuntarily crying. I'm not sure if that's embarrassing. These may be the hottest wings I've ever had.
Bottom Line: If you're looking for a challenge with incredibly hot wings. Stop by Monk's. Order these to go. Then take them home so people don't see you cry.2nd time in this joint and I love it. Hasn't changed a bit in 5 yrs. Chimay all colors and lotssss of other choices. Dark, hole in the wall, authentic.There is a fascination with this place that still evades me. My impression is that it is too small for the following, so everything from getting a beer, to a table and then food, just takes too long, and the price to quality ratio is off here.My friend and I went to Monk's Cafe around 3pm on a Saturday afternoon. The place was packed! We only had to wait about 15-20 minutes for a table, but probably would have had to wait longer if we had a larger group. We were seated by the bar in the back, which was pretty secluded from the rest of the restaurant. The service wasn't that great. The staff barely passed by our table. They had a description of each beer in their selection which was great. We ordered mussels of course - DeKoninck (DeKoninck ale, apples, gruyere, carmelized leeks, and garlic) and Ghent (Saison Dupont, fumé, parsley, carmelized leeks, bacon, bleu cheese & garlic). The DeKoninck mussels were way better than the Ghent. The apples added to the sweet and savory tastes of the dish. Also, the mayonnaise that accompanied the pomme frites was delicious.
They do not take reservations so you should get there early!Went here yesterday for my brothers 39th bday for a few drinks before heading out to dinner..Was having a great time check was paid and we're ready to head out to dinner and had one of the mangers come up the our table wondering how are experience was tonight?
 We all said we had I great time..And he questioned the tip on the bill?! He wasn't happy with the tip I left on the bill for the waitress . First off I'm a Professional Chef and I have in my 14yrs in the restaurant business I have never heard of anyone come to the table not happy about a tip and even ask for more?! Which he did! And made my poor brother feel so bad he gave him  20 bucks! 
That was so rude, unkind and unprofessional. The waitress we had was not great, she was good so I gave her the right amount for her service... it made a wonderful night turn soar. I will never return to Monks Cafe do to this... Take what you can get... And never question your costumers as well, or you will never see them again!Went there last night to meet up with some friends.  We arrived early and when I attempted to put my name down, I was told the wait was an hour.  Fine, no big deal.  I tried to put my name down and he asked if my full party was there.  I said they weren't, but I expected them to be there in a few minutes so I was sure they'd all be around by the time we could be seated.  His response? "Okay well that all depends on them.  Let me know when they get here."  The dialogue does not translate well on the Internet, but the guy was giving me a ton of attitude for no reason.
It was a Saturday night, and they only had ONE bartender working.  It took me forever to get a drink.  The place was unbelievably crowded, to the point that it was close to impossible to maneuver.  I understand places tend to be crowded on Saturday nights, but this was chaos, and the crowding could have been solved if they had someone else helping at the bar.
When my friends arrived, I tried to tell the hostess (I guess two people were in charge of seating) that we were all there.  She couldn't find my name and had to "confirm" with the other guy.  Luckily that was squared away, and within an hour we were seated.
The service was atrocious.  My friend asked for water and he was very rude as he said he'd bring out water for everyone.  Of course, the water was rarely refilled.  It took forever to order beers, and our food took a long time to arrive.  At first he gave me the wrong order, and then he came back with the right order.  I ordered a burger medium rare.  It was completely well done, but at that point I was way too hungry to send it back.  
The fries were pretty good, but probably not worth the wait.  My burger was decent, but completely overcooked.  The beer selection is very good, but I can't imagine myself going there for casual drinks.  The beer is very expensive, and I would probably only indulge in something like that on special occasions.  The service is terrible there, and I probably won't go back unless someone else insists on going to the place.  I really didn't appreciate getting attitude when I'm eating at a restaurant, especially when these people don't seem to have a clue about how to manage a crowd.Worth the wait.  Enjoyed the steamed Mussels and the Duck Salad was out of this world. IPA's were a perfect fit.I have to give this place a 5 star because everything was just perfect.. They do not take reservations, so we had to wait for about 30 minutes (not bad at all) .. We got a very good table for two (perfect for our date night) .. The wine and beer were great .. The ambience was perfect .. We ordered fries because we saw them at very table and they were really good. I ordered the salmon and my husband ordered trout for the entree and they both came out well cooked and tasty. (tip: The plate will look much cleaner they serve broccolini instead of broccoli with the fish. For dessert, they bring out an entire tray of all available desserts for you to see and choose while they explain what each is. We shared the blueberry cheesecake and it was soooooo good :D  For, people who like beer - they have a beer bible on every table .. interesting ..!I got the Salmon Framboise. The salmon itself was very good, albeit VERY small. I've had bigger pieces of fish at diners, for MUCH less the price. The waitress was very inattentive. The rice wasn't even identifiable as rice, mainly because it was SO DARK in there. I didn't like how the lights were VERY dim in there. Hard to see what was on the plate. The tables are WAY too close together to each other. The food and beer was overpriced. My boyfriend enjoyed it, but I didn't. I will not be coming back..Monk's mussels and an Allagash White... always hits the spot. Personable staff, great food, great drinks. This place has become a regular stop for me and I'm not complaining!Been to Monk's a few times for drinks but ate there for the first time on a Friday. Took a while to get a table for the 4 of us but that is expected on a Friday., so we hung out at the back bar for drinks. The food was above average and reasonably priced. "Small" pots of mussels, which were decent sized, were $10 and included fries and bread. One of the girls ordered a pulled pork sandwich and liked it. Certainly not the fanciest place in the city but a good spot to grab a quick bite.I've literally been to 100's of bars since I've turned 21 but this one is definitely my favorite. Eat here drink here and be merry. 
The mussels are the best I've ever had. I usually get the Ghent mussels. For 10 bucks you can't beat the amount given. Last time I was here, a guy next to me was talking about his pulled pork sandwich as if god himself made it. I plan on trying that next time. 
Service is outstanding. All the employees are knowledgable and attentive. According to my friend, most have been here for a long time. 
The best part of this place - the beer selection. They have a beer bible and it's loaded with craft beers. Considering it's a Belgian bar they are also loaded with my guilty pleasure which is sours. The owner has great connections to some of the best Belgian brewers on Earth. I always get lambics and geuzes here but my wallet is never happy with that decision.Came here for lunch during a work day so I couldn't try any of the beers. I had the fries which come with a flavorful mayo. Then the cheesesteak with seitan. Even though I am vegetarian, I had never had seitan before. It was really delicious! Much better than I expected and mixed with onions mushrooms and some French cheese. I actually wish the bread was toasted with some melted cheese on top, but it was still good. Can't wait to come back and try the beers! They seem to have a huge selection!Crowded. Warm. Cold Beer. Hot Mussels. 
Check your coat Philly style (throw it on the pile) and grab a seat. Wash down the fantastic bar food with a cold bohemian beer.Went here for dinner, and sat at the bar. The place is dark, but not terribly so. Beer selection is huge, although i did not partake in any. The menu was kinda gross, sticky and probably the most poorly put together i have ever seen.
Ordered:
Spanish Flies - Spicy grilled wings. Very good. Different taste, and actually fairly spicy.
Cheddar and bacon burger - Good quality patty, but the bread was way to big for the meat. Had to peel a good portion of the bread off. But the taste was good and it was satisfying.
Overall a good place to get a bite.SO GOOD. Whether you get the traditional mussels and fries, or the roast chicken (my personal fave here), I love this place. It feels relaxed, the food is tasty, and there's a HUGE beer list. However, having become gluten-intolerant recently, I'm disappointed at the lack of gluten-free beer (I don't think there's one on the menu, but I'm not sure). The chicken, however, makes up for lack of drink (I'm happy with some Pinot Grigio or just plain water anyway), and as a cute place with a hole-in-the-wall feel, I will definitely come back multiple times in the future.They do what they do and they do it well. Tons of great beers! Very unique selections. Great food...at least the mussels (Ghent) were good. Fries (umm err frites) were middle of the road. Have had wayyyy better...Burger Bach is the new standard....I think they use duck fat but I digress. Nothing trumps duck fat... Nonetheless, Monks is awesome and I hope this place is here forever! A landmark!Visiting Philadelphia on business and saw Monk's on Yelp.  Good vibe.  Loved the mussels.  Good draft beer selection.  Perhaps it is a normal price for Philly - and, premium 16 oz drafts in San Diego (Hamilton's for instance) are about half the price. Overall a nice evening.All food: quite good. All beer: badass. Service: good. Misses a 5th star because there's no rez and it's cramped as heck. Fergie is still the man, though.Great place- sometimes a bit more crowded than I would like, but I can't blame them! Of course great beers, and of course great mussels, but my boyfriend had the duck sandwich and that was awesome too! Bar tenders were great and wait staff is OK.Very good selection of of Belgian wares and some of the finest brews in the world.  Staff is knowledgable and the layout is bright and clean.  I've been to other places in the city that may have this one beat on service and even a bit on prices, but Monk's is bigger and more comfortable.  I don't mind paying a small premium to not feel crowded.Great dive destination in Center city Philly.  Grab a beer and some mussels and frites for a nice wind down from the day.There is always that one spot, where you can keep going there over and over again, knowing that every time, there will be something new on the drinks menu, and the food is always great.....Monks is one of those places.  Remember if you are planning to go there on the weekend, be prepared to wait for about 15-20 mins for a seat, as the place is really popular.  Talk about a beer selection, some of the best in the city.  Not only do they sport two bars, but each bar is featured with a different draft list, and no this is not your average draft beer list, this draft list has beers that I am convinced are sucked right out of oak kegs under the vintage bar.  Quick Fact: Monks has a Sour Beer on their draft menu that is brewed uniquely all the way in Belgium for this very location, It is great!
Get the mussels, i repeat get the mussels, If you grew up in a town close to the ocean and you want the taste of some fresh mussels, get them here.  There are several broths to choose from, I have come to like the ghent and the red Thai, the red Thai is spicy but delicious.  Dunk the bread, there is no better way of eating the breads that they give you on the side.  Also the fries are really good, they pair really well with the spicy garlicy sauce that accompanies it.  
As long as I live close or in this city, I will be going here over and over again.Sure Monk's is known for their beer list and mussels, but on a recent lunch date, I had one heck of a burger.  The pommes frites were amazing as noted in other reviews.
It was a bit quiet, but it was nice to sit by the front window.  Service was perfect, as usual.  If you are in this neck of the woods for lunch, go a little south and find yourself one enjoyable meal.It is a rare combination to find an amazing beer bar that serves some of the best food in the city. Monks has the best beer selection I have ever seen with a focus on Belgian beers. The house "Monk's Sour" beer is my favorite and is worth the trip alone. The food is fantastic. I've had the mussels, the steak frites, and the duck sandwich and all are top-notch. This is simple food executed very well that is outside what you will find at most restaurant menus. The place is no secret and is very popular every night of the week. It can be tough to get a group in for a table but the hostess was great about getting a table quickly and the waiter did and excellent job getting all the orders and keeping the beer flowing. Monk's is frequently named the best bar in the city and I have to agree.Was it worth the 45 minute wait in the crowded front bar for a table? If you like Belgian beer, excellent food and great service like I do, then the answer is a resounding "yes".  Homemade veggie burger was yummy, beer selection amazing. Everyone in our party of four enjoyed our first time here.   Good frites and dipping sauce accompanying all burgers. Coming back for the mussels and to check out their extensive "beer bible" again soon.East coast bar with Russian river pliny the elder; can't beat it! Awesome vibe here. Will definitely come back when I am in PhillyGreat beer selection and great food.  It's gotten a little pricey in the last few years and the lines for dinner are a little unbearable at times but once you're in and have your seat it's a wonderful experience. 
Typically I'll visit during the afternoon nowadays because it becomes crowded around 5pm-8pm.We stopped for some birthday drinks with my friends, the beer menu was great, but the service was terrible. Our waitress kept coming at our terrible trying to get us to order food (it was 9.30pm) while 2 out of 5 of us had ordered food already and the rest were drinking beers.
After being there for 1.5hours she brought us the check without us asking.... So rude!1. "Unbelievable" Mussels.
2. Tripel Karmeliet is amazing beer, worth writing home about.
3. The Staff was welcoming, I felt literally right at home away from home.They really need to change one of the hostess, didn't catch her name but she had an attitude problem. Waited more than 1 hour for a table of 3, there was a larger table available, if she would have gave it to us, we would have been done within 1 hour.  Other than that,  the waiter made it all better, food was great and a lot of selection on beer.Tried monks cafe's Flemish sour ale all the way from California and I'm in love! If you have the opportunity to visit this place in person you're one lucky son of a bitch! Best sour ale I've ever drank! Hope to visit philly soon just to come here in person!!!!'Came here a few times when I was in college outside of Philly, and have been meaning to come back next time I'm in the area. I'm not a beer drinker, but you have to get a glass of something when you're at Monk's--I'm sure this place is nothing short of paradise for those who are.
I've only ever gotten one thing on the menu, because it's impossible to pass up: the mussels. Amazing, beautiful, perfectly prepared mussels, brought to you in a pot to fish them out of, complete with thin, crispy/soft Belgian frites, a delicious mayo dipping sauce, and a roll. There are few more perfect meals. Especially for the $10 you pay for it.
It does get crowded as heck...be prepared to come in and hang by the bar for at least 45 minutes (though easily longer) if you come with a group on a Saturday night. The food is worth it though. And the beer too of course, if that's your thing.has been in business in one form or another since it was 16th Street Bar & Grill in the 1980s.  
Monks Cafe offers a HUGE variety of brews, a very full bar, a superb & eclectic mediterranean menu which is reasonably priced, and a very hip atmosphere right in the heart of downtown, the art school area, the theater district and essentially all that is happening.  
They dont take reservations but no worries-just stand near the bar and imbibe!  
they have two tables in the front for people watching and a good sized rear room for dining.  best time to go is a week nite.  
this is one of the unsung jewels of philly cuisine.Love this place! The food is good, not fantastic, but good. However the beer is to die for. Come for the beer. The back room has awesome ambience. It can get a little loud at meal times, but we love to come for an afternoon drink and fries. This is a very genuine place, so please don't come with attitude. You'll ruin the vibe.Tiny & dark. Good selection of Belgian and craft beers that are hard to find and the servers are knowledgable about them. Good burger, good mussels, loved the duck salad. The spicy mayo with the frites is excellent.rude rude rude,
we travel a lot and there are so many places in Philadelphia to have a great dinner and beers.  These people could care less about anything and whats more is they care more about causing you problems than they do about making sure you come back.  Since we stepped foot in the door they gave us a hard time...
many places in philly will open the door to you like you are family dont waste your time with people like Tom and his coworkers.   
Go see Frank and Bobbie at Pesce's or le beque fin, or if your in for a nice night Tria on 18th they will make you feel like they actually care if you do your business thereFrom NOLA, in town for a convention.  Picked this place based on Yelp reviews, and there's a reason it gets so much online love, it's definitely well earned.  
We had scallops, salad and the mollusks.  All amazing, and the drinks were strong too.  Great atmosphere that definitely references the namesake.  A fantastic place to grab lunch or dinner!I adore Monk's. I went through a phase where I had to eat there once a week or I would get really crabby.
I'm all about the mussels- I've had almost every kind, and they're all good. I've been there with other folks who have ordered other things, and they've been good too, but I'm pretty loyal to the mussels.
I love the versatility- I've been here with groups of girls, groups of dudes, co-workers, and my parents, and they've all reacted equally well. I love that in a place. 
Finally, it's obviously beer place, but I'm not a big beer drinker- and I love that the bartenders/waiters never mock me for ordering wine or cider.Monks offers a great menu with authentic Belgian food and beers. The bourbon mayo which accompanies the fries is delicious and the mussels are fantastic!AmaZing place! Best mussels I have ever had. Fav dishes: Thai curry mussels and the duck salad. Pair with sour ale,  on pointSo unhappy about the attitude and rudeness of the staff at this place I was really looking forward to try.
I totally understand they had a special event last night, a beer and food pairing with Sierra Nevada Beer.
With that said the hostess asked us if we were their for the food event, we explained no. She explained that we would not be able to stay long maybe have enough time for one or two beers tops.
Understandable with us. No problem.
So we head down to the bar, take a seat. The one female bartender makes eye contact with both of us and then runs off without asking what we would like to drink.
The other bartender sees us, make eye contact and continues to clean up. Runs off for a minute. He continues to cleanup while we are looking over the beer menu.
About 10 minutes pass while we wait for the bartender to attacked our drink order.
He finally goes up to us to tell us that he closed out and will not be taking any more beer orders due to the event.
Real nice of him to not say anything when we first came in. Wait 15 minutes while we sit their like idiots to tell us.
He was pretty snotty about it. So we walked out not very please with this establishment.
I understand they had an event. All the bartender had to do when we sat at the bar was inform us that he was not serving anymore instead of letting us sit their for more then 15 minutes just to tell us we could not order.
Not cool at all.
BAD SERVICE I MUST SAYThis place can get a little crowded but it's worth it! The mussels are cheap and good and the beer list is great.I've been to Monk's several times, and in terms of food, Eulogy edges them out by a bit. My review is mainly based on the food and atmosphere.
Provence mussels: I ordered the small pot which was a decent size for $10. The mussels are cooked well, but their size tend to be on the small side. The flavor of the broth is pretty good - fume, celery, olives, bell peppers, mushrooms, leeks, garlic, parsley & cream. However, I would love if there was more broth for the mussels to bask in and for the bread to soak up. 
Pomme frites: The fries came with the mussels as this is a customary pairing. I prefer Eulogy's thicker fries more than that skinny fries at Monk's, but their bourbon aioli/mayonnaise sauce is delicious! I usually use up my sauce before I finish my fries!
I'm not a beer expert but I think Monk's has a pretty wide selection (pages and pages) of beers to choose from, so you would be hard-pressed to find something you didn't enjoy. Many of their beers are Belgian (of course). 
Monk's is pretty dingy-looking and loud, but this isn't a place that you go to for the atmosphere. You come here for the beer and mussels.Don't understand the hype of Monks Cafe. Service was very poor. Chicken tenders were dry, re-fried, and burnt . The Antwerp burger was neutral- nothing to rave about nor bash about; was able to barely taste the truffle cheese. Wouldn't go back.Cane here for drinks. The beer selection is great! Belgian beers are my favorite. Get the Delirium Tremors beer! Bartender service was slow! Good music. (David Bowie, Portishead and Beirut)My husband and I are big craft beer fans and couldn't wait to come here to get our hands on some Russian River.  We had some of the beer on tap and the Monk's own beer which I enjoyed.  We splurged on 2 bottles of Russian River Supplication. $50 but worth it. Nice atmosphere.  We were there on a Saturday night and were worried we would have a long wait but it wasn't too bad. 30 minutes.   The service was very friendly.  The mussels were good but nothing special.  Definitely a cool place to visitI'm a little fenced by Monk's.  I love it, but then sometimes I'm there and I can't help but think that there's really no reason why I love it.
They have a fantastic selection of beer both on tap and bottled - but it's pretty significantly overpriced.  The mussels can be great, but I've now had three experiences where more than half of my pot was unpleasantly undercooked and/or gritty.  The burger is great, but too decadent for regular indulgence.
It gets NUTSY packed at 6 PM on weekends, and some of the servers seem to get pretty frazzled by it (understandably), which is unfortunate.  It's pretty fun for people watching when packed, but not quite as hilarious as Eulogy.
Overall, it's an experience, and a Philadelphia landmark, but me personally - I'm trying to cut back.Great spot for some quality brews. Wife and I have been wanting to go here for years and finally had the chance, sorry we waited so long. Staff was super friendly on a Sunday night. Bar tender had great recommendations and even offered up some suggestions for local brewpubs to hit. We will definitely be back.Hands down best beer list in Philly.  The Grilled Portobello Sandwich was fantastic, and of course the mussels.  I recommend this place as a beer/lunch/dinner-at-the-bar type place, and not a get-a-table restaurant.  I took an out-of-town friend here for sit-down dinner and the service was pretty lousy, the food mediocre.  Of course, it could have been an off night.lovely, delicious food, well prepared, well presented, and the ennirons are classic pub.  One major compalint-- the place spells of cleaning solution.
really needs an airing outSometimes my random cravings for mussels reminds me of Monks, but each time I visit, I'm slightly underwhelmed. The service is good, but they don't take reservations which make it difficult to guarantee a seat and the waits can get long. 
The ambience has a typical dim pub feel; it's surprisingly large with two bar areas (at the front and back) and it does get kinda loud. 
And, onto the food! They used to have two sizes of mussels (small and large), but now they just have a standard medium for almost $17. It feels somewhat pricey, but the mussels are great and it comes with bread and fries, which makes it good and filling. I've also had the "award-winning" duck salad sandwich, was was delicious but personally, I felt that the duck meat was slightly sparse and the sandwich was a bit small in general. And the burgers were great as well, each for close to $14. All in all, the food was delicious but felt a tad pricey and somewhat messy to eat. 
Not bad for an occasional treat, but be prepared for the price and potential long waits!LOVE LOVE LOVE! This is my absolute favorite place in the city. If possible i would eat here for breakfast, lunch and dinner everyday! The Monks Sour Ale is amazing and unique, if you want to try a different beer  - than you must try this house specialty! It is actually made by real Monks especially for this bar (or so they say).  They also have an enormous selection of other great beers.  
Food - their food is fantastic.  I have never had anything here that I wasn't fond of, but their Mussels are my favorite.  They are to die for!  They have a variety of different broths for the Mussels and they come with their delicious fries and dipping sauce for the fries along with an assortment of bread to dip in the Mussel broth. If you are a fan of Mussels you must stop in to Monk's Cafe. They never disappoint!
I honestly cant say enough about this place, did i mention its my favorite?My husband and his friends love this place. Its an older pub, the bathrooms are kind of gross. The food is ok. I wouldn't choose to go here unless my friends were already there.The mussles here are so good that the initial shock is like getting hit by a Septa bus! ehhhh anyway...
I finally had the opportunity to give Monks a try. I was impressed and disappointed at the same time. Yes, I tried the mussles and yes... they were delicious. The beer is top notch and compliments the food very well. Everything was prepared nearly perfectly. The wait staff was polite and helpful with the menu. It was just soooooo crowded! It got very loud and it became hard to enjoy with people bumping into everything.
I'd recommend going to Monk's when its not so busy or just ordering drinks when its crowded.You can NEVER go wrong with beer here. Every beer I tried is amazing (except for IPAs, which I simply hate). I had Kasteel Barista Chocolate Quad, which was amazing! Very strong toffee taste and smell, and the chocolate is almost like "melting" on your tongue -- it was incredibly thick and malty. De Molen Cease & Desist and Hill Farmstead Everett were great, too. Thai curry mussels were amazing -- such a HUGE serving, very filling, and a bit spicy. Awesome fries (very salty, yum), and good pulled pork sandwich.
Service was great. Place is always full of beer snobs :) It's a bit hipster too.When people complain about Monk's, my heart does a sad, little flip- flop in my chest. Where is everyone going that's better than Monk's? Seriously. I want to know. 
Monk's has an unparalleled beer selection, 'crack in a basket' fries (frites) with delicious dipping sauce, casual ambiance, superior music and competent waitstaff/bartenders. Not to mention that  patrons can roll in at 1pm on a sunny day and never experience even the slightest twinge of regret - much like being in a cool, comforting cave that serves beer and wants to feed you fancyish, fried things covered in mayo. Doesn't get much better than that as far as I'm concerned. The steak frites salad is divine. Not a fan of mussels generally but met an out of towner chef (at Monk's actually) who was in for a conference and had come to the restaurant specifically to sample the famous fare.
What really makes this one of the best resty's in the city is that it maintains the most crucial elements of Philadelphia itself: crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside. You may have to work a little harder to get past the grit but once you do, it's more than worth it.Damn, I forgot how fantastic this spot is! ate the duck salad sandwich... words can't even describe the mouth fuck you will experience if you order this. and the beers are the bees knees. this is a must in philly. plus the bartender John is pretty great too!Casual spot with great service and food! If you like mussels this is the place to go!!! So many varieties to choose from, all good.  A good portion provided.  The fries that accompany are also incredibly good.  Beer, mussels and fries- good night!I was meeting an old roommate for dinner while we are both visiting Philadelphia. She is touring with "Wicked", which is at the Kimmel Center, and had her lunch break from 5:00-7:00 pm, so we were looking for a place in the Arts area.
We arrived around 5:15, and greeted with a heavenly and welcoming aroma.  We waited behind the the two other groups in front of us and we were seated (within 2 minutes)  just beyond the bar area at a small table that is practically in a little nook.  I thought it might be claustrophobic, but it wasn't bad, and made us feel like we were alone in the crowd.  
We ordered a platter starter that was chock full of grapes, blackberries, raspberries, cheeses, apples slices, orange slices, sausages, bread and more.  A very nice start.  The Roasted Chicken was unbelieving moist.  The menu described it as organic, free-range chicken with a rosemary rub.  The seasoning was wonderfully savory.  The chicken was accompanied with asparagus and potatoes.  Very delicious and with the starter, I needed to take 1/2 of my dinner home.  
The beer list was extensive and I tried the Monk's Cafe Sour Ale.  It was slightly tart and one that I look forward to sampling again.  We asked to split the bill on two credit cards and did so without any issue.  When we were leaving at about 6:30 pm, we noted that the bar area was standing room only.  From our experience, it is easy to understand why it was so crowded.I was visiting Philly and a friend suggested Monk's Cafe.  So, like any good Yelper, I went on to see what people recommended.  There seemed to be a trend of rave reviews on the mussels and the Flemish Sour Ale, so we tried both. The mussels were amazing!! Juicy, delicious, and in this amazing broth.  Highly recommended.  We got the large size, which was perfect for 4 people as a snack.  It also came with really awesome fries.
We were just okay with the Sour Ale, however.  I mean, it's exactly how it sounds.  It's a sour ale.. really sour.  So if you're in the mood for a regular beer, this probably isn't what you're looking for.  If you're looking to try something a little more unique, and you like really tart flavors, then you might like it.  I imagine this would be really good if you like sour beers, which I think is just strange.
The other beers we did try:
Dogfish Head Punkin : Amazing, as always
Duvel : My husband said it was good, although I didn't have any.
Rochefort 10: I picked this one because it was supposed to be really malty, which I like.. and, it was awesome.  A bit on the pricier side, though, at $15 a bottle, but good nonetheless.
If you like beer, then you are bound to find something you love here.  They have a Beer Bible with well over 300 different beers from all over the country.  Mostly Belgian, but a ton from other countries as well. 
I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in the city.Best moules-frites ever! And of course, great beer selection.Finding a parking spot on the street was a real pain. Parked about 3 miles away but we finally made it. Place was pretty packed on a Saturday afternoon but we got seated fairly quickly. I ordered the Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Ale and loved it. Can't recall which beer J had though. We shared an order of the mussels and they were fantastic. Steaming piping hot mussels came with bread and fries. Fries were delicious also.Monk's is one of my favorite spots in the city. The beer list is unparalleled, with a frequently-changing selection of interesting drafts. 
Best fries in Philadelphia, and decent vegetarian options - I like the seitan cheesesteak best. The veggie burgers are frozen patties, but the delicious toppings and perfect rolls go a long way. 
The place is crazy packed every weekend and doesn't take reservations - I don't even think about going here on a Saturday night. I recently discovered that they do takeout, so you can skip the crowds and eat their food with a homebrew or whatever you've got on hand for a DIY Monk's experience.Were told a 30 - 45 min wait. Been waiting 1:30. Still waiting.
Gave up after 1:40 and watch others who sat down and ordered, wait over 30 min without seeing their order. Just too long. Headed back to our neighborhood and am eating great pizzas, burgers and IPAs at Dock StI recently went here late on a Saturday night after avoiding the place (where I used to dine regularly) for over a year due to the horrifically long waits. At almost any other restaurant in town, arriving for dinner after 9:30 PM would net you a table in a reasonable amount of time. Not so at Monk's, where we were told it would be 30 minutes and then proceeded to wait for over an hour to be seated. That said, I do like the mussels here (usually the Bruges ones) and the stringy fries. We also got the charcuterie plate to start with this time and it was quite good. I do sort of wish the waiter had given us a rundown of the various cheeses and sausages featured but they were tasty nonetheless. I guess if I was more of a beer snob I'd rave about the extensive list of brews, but I always order the framboise. In summary: good food, good drinks, but I rarely have the patience to wait for them.A very unassuming place from the outside. Nestled close to Rittenhouse Square, my husband and I always try to make a stop here on our visits to town. 
Great things to order:
Monks style mussels- this place is known for it's mussels and they have quite a selection!
The Ghent burger (I add mushrooms) so tasty!!
Their fries which come with the two above are yummy!! So is the aioli that come on the side.
Most recently we tried the wing appetizer but with the sauce on the side (best call!) the sauce is tasty but smokey (chipotle) and VERY spicy! 
The duck salad sandwich is also very good. 
They have an extensive beer list which rotates seasonally.
We love this place for the burgers
and mussels mostly. It's just above a dive atmosphere but well worth it!!!Obviously a dynamite beer selection, and the food was great! Veal Cheeks with soft polenta, Burger with broccoli rabe and cheddar, everything was wonderful.Their mussels are some of the best in Philadelphia!
On weekends, give yourself at least an hour waiting time. They do not take reservations and are always packed.
If you are a Belgian beer person, then this is your spot.First time at Monk's last week while in Philadelphia for the Rock and Roll half. The food was excellent and the beer selection is unmatched. The scallops are amazing. Jim, our waiter was the best!! Very friendly and helpful!  I definitely recommend!I'm a newbie to beers and had only tried New Moon and Stella Artois. Had Maine's Allagash White tonight and love its crispiness. Then had a Pliny the Elder, a double IPA much tastier with a nice aroma. This is a small bar 2 blocks away from home, cozy atmosphere with wood panels, friendly people. Who 's not friendly at 1:00 in the morning? We played Heads Up with a stranger friend. Fun!Monks is a great place to go out for the night, but I can't eat there.  The fries are inconsistent. some are crispy, some are soggy.  The Mussels, are also inconsistent.  Some of the sauces are good, like the thai red, but the butter and garlic is blah.  I think the butter and garlic moules are at least the basic standard and you can't mess that up.  The other Pet Peeve is the doneness of the mussels.  If you order the large bucket, the top tends to be good while what's left halfway to the bottom, a good portion of the mussels, are raw or undercooked.  I like raw shellfish, but not when they are slightly warm.  Their bread is good.  Their beer selection is good.  But I can get the same beer selection and better mussles at Eulogy.  Eulogy may not be as trendy, but the food is better, the bar tenders and servers are more relaxed and friendly (unless you ask for a coors light) and you have the rest of Olde City after you are done.  Monks would be great, if the food is better, but my wife and I are Foodies and the quality of the food is important to us.Most definitely a busy place.  Went here with a few friends while in the city and had a good time.  After spending 10 minutes trying to find a spot, we noticed that everyone had mussels.  Ordered a small bucket and wow... amazing.Im giving Monk's 5 stars and our waitress a 3. She looked like she hated her job and the people she was serving. Monk's was extremely busy and I get that she was probably in a rush, but I'm a server too and you have to have some kind of friendly customer service. She pretty much threw our food at us and ran off. 
That being said the food and drinks were amazing!!!! One of the best burgers I've ever had..And those fries and garlic aioli, YUM!  Very cool atmosphere as well!Local bar, which is nice, but the waitress with long wavy dark hair and tattoos on her left arm was a total bitch. My cousin and I were standing next to a table that a couple recently left from and still needed to be cleaned. We weren't trying to sit at the table but merely put our drinks on the table to put away our wallets. The waitress comes by and immediately says 'Aaaaaa, you can't do this.' Do what...put our drinks down for a quick second just to put something away?! It was extremely annoying that she assumed we were trying to take the table w out checking in w the hostess. After we told her we weren't trying to take the table she blew us off and said 'oh ok.' WTF!$&@ I'm all about service and she totally ruined our experience there. We quickly downed our drinks and went to another bar to spend our money. I know I sound harsh, but she could of totally approached that situation in a different and more courteous manner. Jus sayin.....Came here on a weekend trip to Philly based on the reviews. The ambiance was fun and had a pub like feel to it. It was a little cramped inside and took us 45 minutes to be seated but we were happy to drink a couple beers while we waited. The beer selection is on point and I'm not even much of a beer person. Once we were seated we ordered the wings. I was really excited about them because the menu describes them as "hot hot".and I'm a huge fan of spicy food. I love the burn! But alas, like most places, when they came out they were not as spicy as I envisioned. Still tasty though! The mussels and fires were definitely not disappointing as they came out in a giant pot and were really good. The service was also pretty prompt. I would recommend you try this place out if you ever find yourself in the neighborhood but don't be fooled by the elusive spiciness of the touted "hot hot" wings...Great food. Duck breast was nice. I like the salad. Interesting to see a bar scene with great food (and not just burgers/fried foods). Didn't get the mussels but hear they are a hit here.Monk's has some of the rarest beers, and a wide selection. They also have great food! We had the mac and cheese, which was HUGE with ham and asparagus in it, costing $16. It was a shared entree between my husband and I which was more than enough. Highly recommended place but know that it can get very busy so go early!Went to monk's a few weeks ago.  We went for a later diner, I think around 9ish.  I had already made myself a nice diner at home but some friends invited me out and I couldn't resist going there for the first time.  
We walked in and of course the place was packed.  The wait for a table was about 30 minutes.  This meant 30 minutes of standing "somewhere" around the bar trying not to get in the way of the staff, preventing myself from spilling my beer on myself or the other people around me, all the while still wearing my winter coat and scarf.
As I stood and eavesdropped on other peoples conversations, I took note of the bar tender who was extremely knowledgeable about all the beers and wines that he had the absolute pleasure of pouring you.  This man loves his job and that's awesome.
Once we were seated, we all agreed we just wanted to try a bunch of different appetizers along with our rotating round of beers - how any person could drink ONE kind of beer here is beyond me.  The food was all extremely good!  Among a few other items, we had the Charcuterie Platter which was different kinds of chilled sausage and cheeses.  This was soooo good!  I highly recommend this!   We also had some of their hot wings [I forget what they were called].  These wings should totally be illegal.  First, they aren't some dinky little buffalo wings from Fridays.  these are the full thigh, leg and wing - you get five of them.  Four was enough for me.  The hot "sauce" they coat these babies in is some sort of hot chili paste with a lot of red pepper flakes.  Your face is going to look like the kid from A Christmas Story after he dunks his whole head in the mashed potatoes!  It's ok though!!  More impressively, your mouth is going to remind you precisely how hot it is in hell.  I love hot foods, but these wings are torturous.  They taste so freakin good but are almost impossible to eat.  Good luck!What an awesome experience. We were excited about the eclectic menu. We were put off by some Yelp reviews. But, we went and more than enjoyed. I Started with a half bottle of Elements. An elegant red that went nicely with the Thai Curry Mussels. He had two delicious beers. Ended with the Key Lime Pie. Ryan (our server) was the best, knowledgable, efficient, friendly and sweet!! We are only here for 4 nights, but hope to be back!!So I was in Philly this past weekend, hanging out with a college buddy.  He has a penchant ... er, OBSESSION with belgian beers, so we decided to eat lunch at Monk's.  
Let me just start off by saying that their "Beer Bible" is completely amazing and mindblowing.  I was too hungover from the night before to imbibe, but apparently my friend was not and ordered some kind of sour beer, a Monk's home brew.  I tried a few sips and it was delicious!  Sour beer?!??  Who woulda thunk it?
For an appetizer we ordered some kind of scallions that were tender and delicious.  For my meal, I opted for the pulled pork sandwich and he got the salmon.  My sandwich arrived looking entirely too big to fit in my stomach (in the best way possible), and it came with a basket of fries that we joked might have been sprinkled with crack.  Cuz they were so good.  
The service was a little spotty, but since it was my 1st time there, I am going to chalk it up to the large table sitting next to us filled with HUMONGOUS men with mustaches drinking large quantities of beer.  There were maybe like 12 of them.  It looked like the waitress had her hands full.  They actually looked very much like the clientele I would have expected from a place like Monk's (also in the best way possible).  
All in all, a great time.  I just wish I hadn't been so hungover :PYe old pub!  Packed on a Tuesday night.  Redundant music, repetitive beat that drive me nuts on top of the din of the crowd.  Husband said so loud he turned his hearing aid off!   We were seated near the bar in the back room.  Women with swinging purses whacked him in the head and arm.. carry on starving people.  Mussels Monk, good typical garlicky yumminess.  Horrible salty fries.  They were the dregs.  Fresh salmon grilled piles on freshly steamed veggies was good , but the water from the veggies was puddled on the plate.  My husband had the duck confit and liked it.  It was a miniature duck but tasty.  Only $ 19 bucks.  The sourdough wheat bread took He Man to tear apart but the flavor was great with butter.  No dessert as we have to get out of here.  This is a beer pub, one of the best in Philly .  We should have come here only to drink.  Lots of folks gabbing and having fun. Maybe we are having an off night with less tolerance for crowds.  Need to be fair.I love this place. The wait on a busy night can be a bit of a drag, but they have great Belgian beers (I'm already a fan), very nice food (awesome sandwiches for a beer place, and as everybody is mentioning great mussels),  and a very cool environment. I wish there was a place like this where I live.The food is really only 3 stars, but the great beer selection earns it a fourth. The beer prices are good given that they are high-end, imported beers.
The atmosphere is very nice and the staff are pleasant. If you enjoy expensive beer, you'll love this place.A must visit when you're in the Philadelphia area. Monk's has inexpensive good food, and a wide selection of Belgian beers. Be sure to try the Pomme Frites and Mussels, as you enjoy a fine Belgian Ale. 
Monk's also has a good selection of craft brews from the US, and around the world. The place is always packed, and the seating is cramped. The staff are professional, and they know their beer, but they can be inattentive at times.We visited Monk's on Saturday, September 10th at about 10:30PM for dinner and drinks with a party of four.  
We were overall very pleased with our experience.  We were promptly seated for dinner when we arrived.  Although it looks very small when you first enter, there are several rooms beyond the main front bar area.
We had a pleasant server.  We learned they do not do "tasters", which was a little bit of a downer; however, I guess I do understand.  With the number of people and the number of beers, I guess that may become a little bit of a problem.
I had the Brussels burger which was very good, and it definitely hit a homerun in my opinion.  
Our experience was very good, and I would definitely return again.Monk's Café has been in my Bookmarks on Yelp for a while now as it is one of the most reviewed and popular places in Philadelphia.  I finally decided to go here with my girlfriend for dinner to see what all of the hype was about.  We found parking a block or so away in a self-park garage right off of Broad Street.  The exterior of the restaurant can be easily distinguished and looks a bit divey, but the window is full of beer bottles which sends an invitation to anyone walking by that they pride in their beer variety.  Inside, there is a bar and seating in the front, sides, and back.  We were seated in the front by the window and I had a view of the rest of the restaurant which seemed to become packed very quickly.  The restaurant had many different beers but I decided to go with a Chimay Premiere Ale while my girlfriend had a fruitier beer.
 For starters, we decided to get the frog legs and the veal cheeks.  The frog legs were made buffalo style which were very good and provided a nice offset to the normal chicken wings.  I enjoyed the veal cheeks but my girlfriend was not a fan.  I would definitely recommend the frog legs here as well as the veal cheeks but I wish they didn't overload the veal cheeks with the soft polenta as they would taste even better served without it.  Next, we decided to get mussels and after debating between the Ghent and Thai curry mussels, we ordered a small pot of the Thai curry mussels.  The flavor was different than any other mussel dish we have ever had before but it ended up being pretty good.  I kind of wish I had the Ghent mussels but I will try them next time.
To finalize our meal, we had an Antwerp bacon cheeseburger cooked medium.  I prefer my burgers medium rare but my girlfriend is a fan of medium well so we had to meet in the middle.  The burger was very good, one of the better ones that I have had recently.  The only issue with the burger is that the bun was much larger than the burger.  I wish they would increase the size of their burger to properly accompany their roll.  For dessert, we had some cake which was pretty good and was a nice finish to our big meal here.
Overall, Monk's Café provided a nice dinner experience with a great beer selection and menu.  I would definitely recommend it to anybody looking to enjoy a casual beer drinking lunch or dinner.Everything positive you've heard about Monk's is true.  And everything negative you've heard about Monk's is also true.  The point is...
THIS PLACE IS AN INSTITUTION!
I am writing this review because I'm pissed by the negative reviews of "oh I waited so long" and "oh, it was pricey"....
This place has one of the most extensive beer menus in the US, and has been serving a books worth of beers for more than most of us have been alive.  So seriously, check your attitude at the door, and appreciate the opportunity to participate in a Philly institution....even if it means that it's a pain, and you may pay a bit much.  
PS the fries and the fry sauce are like crack and crack's even more addictive cousin....Come for the beers or the mussels and frites or both. Amazing beer list. Waitstaff was up to date on recent keg switch outs and knowledgable and friendly in helping select from the array of choices. Mussels Ghent style were awesome and frites and sauce even better.I love, love, love this place.  Make reservations on the weekend or you will be waiting for quite some time to get a seat.  The mussels are delicious.I love places with imported beer and well-prepared food.
You should order:
Ghent Mussels
Duck Salad Sandwich (awesome)
A tasty Belgian beer (ask your server for some suggestions)
The burgers weren't that good--the bread is too thick and the meat wasn't really tasty to me. I'd stick with mussels and beer.
Great spot in Philadelphia that's open relatively late.The Pomme frites was amazing and the they have a very extensive and legit list of Belgian ales!  This one of a "select few " bars/pubs in the U.S. that carry authentic ales made by monks in Europe. Pretty cool, right?!
I also had the Smoked Salmon salad, and that was done very well. For $10, it was a very good deal. 
Overall, a place I would visit again just to drink another one of their beautifully crafted beers.This place is a shrine to beer.  The beer list is overwhelming and most of the awesome Belgian beers on tap are crappy because they lose all their carbonation before they hit your glass.  The food is OK but nothing special.  I would recommend coming here to have a bottle of beer and the mussels and fries but wouldn't venture beyond that.  And it's not a place to bring a date - too musty and disheveled.First yelp ever and decided to rate a place that I think is one of the most overrated places in town.  Yea they have great beer, but there's great beer all over Philly. The food and dining experience have fallen off quite a bit. Menu hasn't changed in forever and the food is just ok. The duck sandwich is decent. Mussels were salty and not plump.I enjoyed myself at Monk's. It's a good standby to have in your arsenal for the out-of-town guests, but not great. Our service was a bit spotty and I felt like our waitress was totally uninterested in us. I enjoyed the burger I ordered, but the fries were nothing to rave about. Also, it annoys me when places make you order fries as a side instead of just providing them with your meal. Of course, the beer selection is enough to make your head spin.I had a few tasty brews that made the trip worthwhile. Maybe next time I'll just come for drinks and skip the food.When I moved to Philly 5 years ago I, just by pure luck, moved across the street from Monks Cafe. What a glorious gathering and arrangement of international brews. 
To be clear, I couldn't afford any of them because I was in school and usually restricted myself to the single $ on Yelp, but this place is pretty sweet. 
The front bar is very traditional with a hammered copper top. The bartenders are very knowledgeable and professional, not to mention super friendly.
The food menu is also very well formed. I'm not a mussel eater, but I hear they are excellent here and not too pricey. The burgers are good and I loved the fries.
I was doing a little vegan stint for a while and they have a few options which I became interested in. I ate the saitan cheese steak with high expectations and was incredibly disappointed. It was mushy and the flavor was making me ill. Exclusively the reason why I take a star off. 
This is a very traditional European styled bar and if you'd like to have a quality time with friends in a semi casual environment I would recommend you check out Monk's Cafe!I'll give this generally the same review I gave its sister restaurant, Belgian Café.  Beer list is obviously impressive, but the food leaves little to be desired. 
Crunchy pomme frites are tasty and addicting and the appetizers are pretty solid, but the portions and flavor of the bigger dishes are underwhelming, especially for the burgers.  
A guest I was with said the burger tasted dirty and having had the burger from both Monk's and Belgian Café, I can attest to that. The bun is soggy and can't hold up to the toppings, and the beef doesn't look or taste fresh in the least bit. Not worth it at all.
I got the duck salad sandwich which is 'award-winning' and while the goat cheese/craisins/baby greens went perfectly together, the duck itself was chewy and I couldn't bite into it without the whole piece falling on to my plate.
They seemed overwhelmed and confused during the busy lunch hour and while there were four people, none of us got alcohol so I'd say it's pretty pricy for the quality of the food you get.
Overall, I'd still make my way over there if only for a happy hour- dive atmosphere, craft beer, and pomme frites, but that's it.Beer and food are fantastic here! Their mussels, fries and burger are the bomb! I love the cozy atmosphere in the back with lovely jazz music playing in the background.THey have a GREAT beer selections. both draft and bottled. 
Every time, I will get the Monk's Flemish Sour Ale and it is delightful. 
Food is pretty good!This place is great! The atmosphere is chill and has a casual feel. I highly recommend eating the mussels here!
 My favorite is the DEKONINCK  which has: 
DeKoninck ale, apples, guryere, carmelized leeks & garlic
Also, if you love beer  they have a large selection of drafts on a daily basis. Monk's is warm, and cozy(perfect for a cold winter day!)Love this place!  Great beer selection, delicious mussels and frites!  The ONLY reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars was due to a rather unfriendly hostess when I was there in December.Do you love beer? Then go here. They have an insane amount of beers and the bartenders are very knowledgeable and give great recommendations based on what you say you like. 
The mussels are great; I usually order two small pots and share with a friend. I've had a number of things from the food menu and none of them ever disappointed. 
There's an old/dark/murky vibe in there, so if you are in the mood for something bright, and cheery then maybe skip Monk's this time.I'm a big fan of Belgian beer so this place has been on my list for a while.    It's more of a bar in terms of atmosphere as it is dark, I had to out on my iPhone flashlight to read the menu!    We enjoyed the mussels and fries as well as the salmon.  Food good for the price.  However, I was disappointed with the beer list.  It was short for those on draught and many of those they supposedly had were crossed off the list.   The beer we got was good, so no complaints.  It's loud and crowded so come early to get a place to sit!My friends and I had lunch here. We were lucky, we didn't have to wait for a table. I ordered the mussels (the Thai one), and it was delicious! The prices were also very reasonable. I'm trying to find the time to go back and eat here again.I have now waited 3 months to write this as doing justice to this place is difficult with just words. What better time than making Monk's my 100th review while just turning Elite'13? Joy.
Mussels
DeKoninck: This one with the apples, gruyere, caramelized leeks and garlic has got to be my favorite kind. If you are a person who does not really like fruits in their food, give this a shot. Might sound weird at first, but it works nothing but flawlessly the sweet and tangy leeks.
Brussels: This is probably your most common and traditional kind. If you aren't an adventurous eater, this is the way to go.
Ghent: with the bleu cheese, it has a very sharp and distinct taste, so if you like bleu cheese, I guess you know what you are doing. Not to mention it has bacon?!
Petite Dejeuner: oatmeal stout, baby spinach and goat cheese, this babe is my 2nd favorite and absolutely a stunning beauty in the whole list.
Thai Curry: Made with Monk's flemish sour, basil and coconut milk, it sounds amazing but it def proved me wrong. I quite did not like what I tasted, all the thai flavors quite does not compliment the mussels, only takes away from it. Best way to try this is to make someone else order it!
The Pommes Frites, those whom of us has put these deliciousness in our mouths know what the big deal is. The bourbon aioli is nothing short of ecstasy. Also, the curried butternut squash hummus in their app menu is probably one of the surprise your tastebuds. Must try!
After everything said and done, I love nothing more than getting a[many] Petrus and my mussels, sitting at the back room, kicking back and having some quality conversation with my loved ones. If you are in the mood for sweets, ask to see the dessert tray and pick from all the delectable tarts and cakes and mousses they have to offer. You can't really go wrong in this place.
Did i tell you they have 6packs of Petrus to go? Yessire!I've been to Monk's cafe a few times.  The mussels are outstanding and I've had a couple entrees which were great and the beer selection is awesome.  I always wanted to go back to try one of there known for burgers.  I did that tonight.  The rolls I saw on the menu were artisan rolls and I know that generally means they are hearty.  When I received the burger and the roll was so thick and hard, I said to my companion there's no way I'm going to be able to sink my teeth through this whole bun.  So I ended up eating the burger with one half of the bun and still had a difficult time with it.  I asked myself, is it just me? doesn't anyone else experience this?  My server asked me how we were doing and I mentioned to her about my concern about this artisan bun and her response was "yeah the buns are artisan style".  So after we finish our dinner leaving half of the bun on my plate I head out and observe another table with three people and I notice that all three had burgers with the bun sitting on the side and they were eating the burger without the bun with a knife and fork.  They over heard me make the comment "So it's just not me after all" The folks at the table and I have a brief conversation about the inedible burger bun.  The burger itself was great but really need to work on replacing the bun with a more edible bun.Beer and mussels. These two words on a menu are enough to make me happy. But when a place goes above and beyond (IE and overwhelming selection of beer.. to the point of having a "beer bible", and six different selections of mussels) I may be in love. Granted, you may spend more on a beer than you do on your meal, but you'll be happy you did. 
As someone who wants to know more about beer and clearly is not there yet, Monks' rating as "top 10 places in the world to have a beer before you die" meant I had to go. The beer selection is overwhelming, but the staff will help you out. The mussels are well priced, and the small is more than enough. The staff isn't exactly the most friendly though, at least from my experience. And on most days, the wait here is absolutely ridiculous. It's worth going just to say you've been, but I wouldn't necessarily pick this over other Belgium bars in Philly.OK. Its a great dive place. Mussels are great, burger was yummy. Beer has tons of options with everything you can imagine. I think Eulogy still wins my favor. But will make it a point to come here whenever I say in Philly!I went here back in July with a girlfriend for my 23rd birthday. I was really impressed with their beer list. The mussels were REALLY good, but honestly I hope it's not the best that Philadelphia has to offer, because then I'd be really disappointed in the city.
One thing that I do find myself craving from this restaurant was that dipping sauce they serve with the french fries. I think I would go back to the restaurant just for that damn dipping sauce!
A downside to the night I went was that it was just so damn hot! Philadelphia gets so humid especially in the middle of the summer, so after walking around all day I wanted to walk into a bar/restaurant that had some AC cranked up. Unfortunately, the combination of the summer heat, how crowded the place was, and the poor ventilation really did put a damper on my eating experience.
All in all, yes.. I would go back.You won't beat the beer list in Philadelphia.  With 200-300 bottles available and more taps than you can imagine, Monk's Cafe has your beer needs locked down.  Their branded lambic contract brewed for them in Belgium is delicious as well and well worth quaffing.  Get in there!We went to Monk's on a Friday afternoon and there was plenty of space.  Quite dark restaurant that plays really fantastic music and serves up tasty homemade food and has a varied beer selection...loved all the veggie choices, too.  The frites with bourbon mayo, so yummy!
As an out of towner whose favorite beer is Monk's Sour Ale, I was thrilled to find out that this place exsists!  I was not disappointed.Just in case you don't know about this place, this place has incredible food (it cannot possibly get any better). I reccomend the mussels, the duck salad, and the burgers. And to anyone who is actually reading this and has never been to Monk's, well the french fries (with the dipping sauces) are the best I've ever had in my life. 
Tons of belgian and craft beers on tap and in bottles (food is reasonable prices, beer's a little expensive and will probably cost more than the food).  I must warn that I've waited for up to an hour for a table for 2 people (still isn't going to stop me any time soon).I have been to this restaurant many times, and although I do really like the food, it gets 3 stars for a bunch of reasons. First, it's a Belgian beer joint, which means it has a HUGE stock of beer. It's like beer heaven if you like fancy beer. The "Beer Bible" helps you to understand the overwhelming menu of choices, which is a nice touch... and necessary because the bartenders are so busy that you might not get a good explanation or recommendation out of them. There is pretty much always a wait for a table, that is, if you plan on eating when the rest of the world eats. The food is pretty great, I have never had anything here I did not like. The sausage sandwiches are delicious and they have good salads too if you don't feel like blowing your diet on the delicious fries. (OH THEY ARE DELICIOUS TOO) Big drawback though-- if you have ANY vegetarian in your crew, forget it. No choices really for non-meat folks. 
Reasons I would have given higher stars- food is really good. beer is really good. great location. cute little place.
Reasons I had to give three - long waits. not enough menu items or variety. food is good, but it's not awesome.Overall awesome place for an avid beer drinker. By far the most extensive list of beer I have ever seen. The saison I had was fruity but also had a sour kick I expected to taste from the recommendation by our waiter.
We ordered 2 of the Ghent mussels and I highly recommend! Although as I currently write this review, I am quite stuffed, it was definitely worth it. The Ghent mussels tasted exactly as described on the menu, if not better. They arrive in a big silver pot, almost as if they will topple over. Filled with bacon, garlic, leeks, and bleu cheese- it's a mouth-watering experience, to say the least. Plus at the end you are left with a copious amount of broth which try as you might, I believe it would be difficult for anyone to finish with a dish, as rich as this. The crusty bread for dipping was an extra bonus as it was used to sop up all the extra broth . In addition, the mussels were accompanied with a good portion of pomme frittes. The frites itself could have been average, however these frites were dusted with a spicy concoction somewhere in between old bay and Cajun .. And by that I mean DELICIOUS! The frittes came with this awesome spicy mayo that overall really made the dipping experience. All in all, the reason for this lengthy post really attests the flavor that went into the dishes we ordered. I was highly impressed by both beer and mussels and will surely be back in the futureMonk's. Before I begin, I should note that my reviews are often a product of the hype surrounding a venue compared with my actual experience. Four stars, because I can't deny that Monk's is excellent for what it is.
I've come here for a drink a couple times, and once to grab beer for takeout. On every visit, they have been super packed. Yes, they have beer you'd be unlikely to find other places, and that's reason enough to visit. Also because they're a legend, but don't quote me on that. A lot lot lot of people have heard of this bar. It is never empty. 
Their food menu never really enticed me much, perhaps someday it'll strike me. This means I've never reserved a table here, and have always had to fight for my own tiny space to stand and enjoy a beer. Even if I were to reserve a table, I don't think I'd enjoy eating while gobs of people stand about. It gets a little messy in here by nighttime. I do adore the atmosphere otherwise. Still an alluring and impressive date spot, even if you don't love crowds. Maybe not a first date though!
Girls in heels beware - the wooden floor on the way to the back bar can be slippery!
Monk's isn't my favorite spot, and I don't even think it's the best bar in Philadelphia, all around. I'll continue to come for the beer on occasion, and someday the mussels!Amazing! A beer list to die for, hot wings that are actually hot, and lovely pots of fresh mussels. The best Belgian cafe I've found not actually in Belgium!I was here on a roadtrip and stopped here with a buddy who was from Philly.  Incredible selection of beer.  We ordered the appetizer platter sampler and to be honest it was a meal within itself.  We could hardly eat the entrees we were so stuffed.
I will be going back.This place is a classic. You cannot go wrong by going here. Staff can be a bit abrasive.This place is awesome!!!!  What an amazing find!!  My bf and I took a trip to the east coast and was staying At a hotel down the street from here. We wanted to go out and have a light snack for the night. This was perfect!!!  Great beer and good food!  We ended up ordering more than we can finish because everything sounded so good!  So we had the mussels, burgers and an order of their fries!  Everything was delicious!!  The fries were my favorite!!  I'm a sucker for fries!  I love the way they make their mussels too!!  Very flavorful!  But the best thing we had that night was their beer. The sour ale!!!  My bf til this day is still talking about it!!  That's the one thing we would go back to philly for!!  Definitely gotta have the sour ale!!!  Five stars alone!!!Excellent Food & Beers. Frog Legs  Appetizer Delicious, Duck Salad , Mussels , Burgers   Perfect
Will ReturnEverything about this place was great. Ghent Mussels, Duck Salad Sandwich, Beer selection, etc.
I had to deduct two stars because of the lousy choice of bun for my hamburger. A tough, chewy bun should never be employed for a burger. The bottom of the roll disintegrated and the top was bullet proof. You take a bite, the patty sqeezes out the back. It ruined my lunch.
To the Chef- take a walk over to Grace Tavern on 25th and South, go inside and order a Burger. Notice the bread.Great beer selection and the mussels are seriously spec-tac-u-lar.This place was awesome! Highly recommend it! Great for the regular folk and vegetarian friends!
****FOOD***
1) Mussels and Frites: 
Deciding which mussels to get is the first step. They have ~5 different kinds. I chose the Ghent mussels (Saison dupont, fume, parsley, caramelized leeks, bacon, bleu cheese & garlic). I was hesitant at first because I don't like bleu cheese, however, it blends nicely into the mixture and you don't taste the actual bleu cheese-just adds more depth of flavor! Also the amount of mussels! WOW. I was impressed. Coming from Boston, I rarely get that many mussels for this price. The frites were good as well. I would have preferred crispier/less oily fries but still enjoyed them. 
2) Seitan Cheese Steak
My friend got this vegetarian sandwich (seitan -wheat meat- sauteed with onions and mushrooms; served on a long roll and topped with st. nectaire cheese). I've never heard of seitan before but it actually looked like a steak sandwich!!! She really enjoyed it! 
***BEER***
They have a ridiculous beer selection (300 bottles and ~12 draft). I was a little overwhelmed by the selection and told her I like wheat beers so she recommended the Allagash White. Loved it and the price ($5). 
***SERVICE/PLACE***
Our waitress was awesome! Super friendly and helpful. As for the place: there is the initial bar and seating area, then a long corridor that opens into another room with its own bar. Orange, toasty, woody, and warm throughout! 
This was an awesome first dinner to start of the week!Even though I had been to Monk's before, I wanted to try it one more time before I wrote a review. This was because I kept hearing/reading that it was the same as Belgian Cafe, a place that earned a two-star review only because of the beer menu. And, thank goodness, my warm memories of Monk's remain intact. 
The wait for two on Friday was 45 minutes, not too bad. The restaurant is decorated with fresh wreaths right now, the smell is amazing. Unfortunately, we were seated near the kitchen, which always seems to happen here. But our server was quick and attentive, which made up for it somewhat. 
We ordered small pots of the Ghent mussels, which were surprisingly light considering they had bacon and blue cheese in the broth. They had big, plump, succulent bellies. They were fully cooked and the cooking liquid was rich and plentiful. The frites were good, the mayo sauce was amazing as always. 
Chimay was great, of course, although I wasn't a fan of the other beer I ordered. Oh, and don't skip dessert, this is the only place I consistently order it because everything is so good.I love love love love this place from my philly days. Unmatched selection of Belgian beer in the states. The mussels are a 4/5 but the beer wins out. There are many Belgian bars now in philly but you never forget your first (and best)..They have a vast selection of imported beers and do a good job on the mussels dishes (try the Brussels).  However, the frog legs are another story.  I found them to be both unnecessarily greasy and bland, but that may be because frog legs are best when from live frgs, not frozen ones.  There is always a line and a rather long wait.  Yes, it's a landmark, of a sort, but I've been there a few times and that's good enough for me.If you are looking for a friendly bar for relaxing & having some drinks with friends- this IS NOT the place!
I have NEVER been to a more UN- friendly place. 
The Staff is OBNOXIOUS , RUDE, SNOBBY. 
The Patrons are CLICKY & PRETENTIOUS.
Aren't bars supposed to be fun???
As you can read in other reviews- they hit you with all these "rules" they seem to make up on the spot because I think they just don't like customers-?
DEAR MONKS,
  Maybe you are confused by the fancy beer labels you surround yourself with, but NEWSFLASH: You Are Just Another Dingy Neighborhood Bar. Get over yourselves.Absolutely delicious food! The mussels and duck salad sandwich are to die for!I'm sort of a glutton for punishment. I always come to Monk's hoping that it is not packed -- and then, as always, it is.
I hope the reason it's crowded is because of the following:
- ridiculously good beer selection - I mean, if you like beer, this place is for you
- the mussels and frites are good (not incredible)
- I dig the atmosphere, the back bar, the dark lighting, very european
The reason for the punishment, I fear is because:
- it's packed (for either the right or wrong reasons - the crowd can be questionable), 
- the service is often spotty - and the bartenders (though bad ass) definitely take their time, with 'tude in check  to serve you if you're at the bar
- on a busy, popular weekend night it's hard - sometimes downright impossible - to get a table - and you can't sit at the tables if you're only imbibing
Fact is, if you're in the area, not agoraphobic and patient, it's a decent bar (compared to the alternatives) to get great beers and indulge in some frites and mussels... at your own risk, of course.its a little crowded, but that's because it's a pretty cool place.  great mussels in beer.  i don't drink beer, but it's definitely a beer drinkers haven.I spent the weekend in Philly visiting some college friends. My first night's companion and her boyfriend took me to Monk's, which apparently has her favorite beer (I think it tastes like sweet and sour sauce poured into a perfectly good beer). All in all, Monk's was pretty good. It's supposedly a cafe, but don't go there for the cafe atmosphere. It's crowded, dark and noisy like a bar. If you're going to go, go for the beer. The selection is great and usually decently priced. I had a big pilsner glass of hefe weiss for about $6.50. The mussels there are supposed to be great but I found them to be just satisfying, nothing amazing. The same goes for the "pommes frites," or rather over salted french fries. The people I was with didn't help make the experience particularly memorable either. I wish you could review people on Yelp. 
This is really a bar that happens to have decent food. The word cafe is misleading. As a bar is near top notch, as anything else is just alright.Ill get the obligatory mussels portion out of the way first...try the mussels, they are fantastic!  My wife and I shared a small pot of the provencal style and it was worth every penny.  Combined with the fries w/bourdon sauce, the mussels were perfect.
Absolutely fantastic beer selection.  This was the last stop on our northeast beer/baseball tour and we were not disappointed!  I enjoyed the dark secluded ambiance to the bar.  
I will sum up my review by stating this:  I will make a trip up to Philadelphia solely because of this place.  Great food, great beer, great bar.Probably my favorite beer bar in the city. Tons off good Belgians & other delights on draft.. endless bottles. The food is amazing- try the mussels & if you can actually stand real "hot" wings- get the Spanish Flies... my favorite wings in the city (flavorful & VERY spicy.) But really, anything on the menu is surprisingly good. Deceptively cozy- this place stretches way in the back (go to  the back bar if the front is packed- much more quaint for small groups/couples.) Can be expensive but damn it's worth it. Gotta love Monks! :)Why must you be so crowded during the weekend evenings? Multiple attempts trying to come here during the evenings only to be rejected with 45min-1hr waits for just 2 pple! I can only imagine going with my group of friends, I'll never eat. My tummy gets too hungry to wait that long, but finally came around 3:30PM on Saturday and huzzah, no wait! If you ever want some mussels and frites, here's the place to go! 
I can't tell you about their beer selection because I don't really drink or know anything about beers. Though I can tell you, beer drinkers would like it here. Another thing I can tell you that I absolutely love their Ghent mussels! The mix of garlic, bacon, and blue cheese in a pot with mussels broth just *A OK!* Disappointed with the DeKoninck, as I had hoped for a sweet and savory broth. Dip the bread in the Ghent broth and you will not be disappointed.
Just make sure you scoop a little blue cheese, bacon, and broth onto each mussel (if the amount allows) for the full taste..Yum! I love the mussels and pomme frites here. Their beer bible is also amazing. So many great beers, and the servers are good at providing recommendations too if you're unsure what you want because there are so many choices. I also like that the draft beers have descriptions under them about their flavor profiles so I can find one that sounds good to me.
This was my third time here, each time is always solid. On weekend evenings it gets really crowded, especially late at night, but I just came on Wed at like 10pm and it was pretty calm. Got the ghent mussels with fries. The mussels are so flavorful! The ones on top tend to get cold pretty fast, so eat them quickly, but the ones in the pot on the bottom sitting in the broth are always hot and perfect.
The pomme frites are amazing. We actually had to get a second order because we devoured the first one (the order is kind of small, too, if you're sharing). The mayo sauce it comes with absolutely makes this dish.
We also got the duck salad sandwich -- get this! The duck is cooked so tenderly and the goat cheese and walnuts and cranberries are a perfect combination. My boyfriend isn't a huge fan of goat cheese, but even he liked this combo.
The mac & cheese was good too, but was our least favorite of the things we ordered. But, to be fair, everything else was too good. They use the same goat cheese among others in this dish, with bacon and asparagus, so it's a nice, heavy dish. Very creamy so we got pretty full off of this pretty fast.
My boyfriend and I probably tried like 6 draft beers total, and they were all great! The sour ale was great, and their belgians are delicious too.Love monk's cafe! They always have good beer selection & their burgers and dipping sauce are on point. Neighborhood favorite and go to.I loved this place for a long time. I was one of those people who told everyone I met to check out Monk's next time they were in Philly. However, after the last few times I visited I have no intention of going back - ever. The staff, who used to be friendly and welcoming, are now rude. I had a friend visiting from out of town, and I thought we'd pop in for lunch. We sat at the bar and started browsing the draft list. I told the bartender I was on the fence about my selection and asked for a taste and was told (with a fair bit of attitude I might add) that they don't do that there. Don't do that? Name another bar that has draft beer and doesn't let customers taste before buying! 
There are other places to get great beer, and if you're stuck on the Belgian beers like I am - go to Eulogy instead.I rate Monk's a 5 star even though it fell a little short of my expectations.  The draft list is not up to date on the website.  Blind Pig was listed, but was kicked a few days before.  Monks is in a solid neighborhood and the inside is dark and intimate.  It is a cool place to grab a beer or two.  The day I went there was an Allagash take over, but Tired Hands offerings were still on tap....yeah.  There are tons of bottles to choose from as well.  There are not a ton of taps (maybe 10), but it is focused on quality not quantity.  I strongly recommend Monks.Was stopped by the hostess as we walked in, who unpleasantly asked us for our ID's. It wasn't very busy up front, but the hostess told us the back bar was open and suggested we walk back there. The back bar was small and no seats available so we came back to the front. very narrow area we stood at while we waited for a few seats at the bar. The hostess made it a point to tell us the seating area was for dining only.  Very gothic dark type atmosphere, very unwelcoming. On top of it all, the employees all look like they haven't showered in 5 days, maybe that's why they look so disgruntled.No complaints here. We got lucky and got in on a non-busy day. Sat right down for a work lunch and the atmosphere was casual pub with higher quality food. My duck salad was so good, my colleague also ordered the same. Delicious and nice staff.If you are a beer drinker, you need to go to Monk's. Great list. Great drafts. Excellent, knowledgeable staff. Mussles and frites were great. 
We went in the afternoon and had plenty of choices as to where to sit. Chose the bar and had fun. Seems to be the type of place that is very crowded at night, so glad we were there at a time to enjoy what Monk's had to offer.I've never gone wrong here.   Whether just to hang out with friends, or on a date, it's always trustworthy and straight forward.  The beer list is tremendous, and the food definitely shows it off, but I'm a fan of their wine list too.  I always look for the Simmard to go with the pate and fries.  You're not going to deal with the crazy wine prices you see most everywhere else in the city, so it's refreshing.  
I love it when it's packed.  The energy and the crowd are great, and you don't see too much of the "pissy pants" syndrome here.  People are content with hanging, meeting each other, and just enjoying themselves.
It's a great place I always recommend.This place totally could be 5 stars, but after being here more than 5 times, their constant hit or miss service gets one taken off.
Calling the beer selection good is an insult, its unfathomably awesome.
The food is pretty good too, delicious mussels, pommes frites, and burgers are all I really get and have no complaints.
The ambience is chill, dark, good for medium sized groups up front, and more intimate seating in the back.
The service is.....eh.  When they are very crowded, I understand pushing patrons a bit to order, however, on numerous, non busy occasions, the wait staff was very pushy, and made several unintentional references to his frustration with the amount of work he had.  When we asked for a box to take food with us, the hostess said sure, waited 8 minutes, and comes back to her podium. We get up and walk to the door and she simply says, "bye!"  Don't forget your customers!I'm not really a beer person, but their beer selection is ridiculous.
The mussels were pretty good. My boyfriend had the chicken & apple sausage. The servers & wait staff were friendly. I probably wouldn't go out of my way for the food, but I would definitely go back if I happened to be in the neighborhood.10 years coming to this place & have never been disappointed. 
Excellent Mussels selection. My favorite is the Ahi Tuna  Nicoise Salad.
Great Burgers.
Fabulous beers in a dark wooded bar & old Philadelphia architecture charm. There is always good energy in this place.I love monks sour ale!  I'm not a huge beer fan, but this is delicious!  We also love the scallops here they are made with a sauce simliar to the sour ale.  This place gets super packed and is very popular.I am not a huge beer fan, but of course if you are you will really enjoy this place.  Crazy beer selection, and they have a nice description in their "beer bible" about the process of making beer.  It was nice reading when my friend went to the bathroom. 
As for food, I got their Mexicano mussels which came with their Belgian frites.  I really have never enjoyed mussels as good as these!  The broth was kind of a vegetable stock (onions, peppers of all kinds, etc.) with a bunch of garlic.  The garlic actually didn't bother me, but if you are bothered by garlic definitely avoid these.  the frites were average, but the chipotle mayo or whatever that comes with was tasty. 
Price is probably on par with other places in Philly, paid 19$ for food+tip.Cool on all fronts. Small space. Be prepared to stand, but worth the good beer selection. Good spot to pre-game.really good and inexpensive Belgian Moules Frites!
Excellent beer selection.We already know that their mussels are the bomb.
Try their scallops though!!! Yum yum in the tum tum.I give 5 stars to a place I stood up in for 5 minutes... y ??? BECAUSE monks had a BEER that I liked! I do NOT like beer.. I've tried tasting beer ever opportunity I had.. trying different flavors and brands all to find out that every time I hate it.. but a yelper told me I Should try monks for a BEER ( NOT CIDER!) . and try the lambic beers because they are similar to cider BUT are still BEERS! I tried this apple infused beer.. and a raspberry one.. I liked them both... so monks has broken the curse of me not liking ANY beers... though I'm still a tequila girl at heart.. I now know there are beers that I like... and the place smelled hella good =D next monk update will include feedback on what I hope to be delicious food b/c of its delicious smellMy boyfriend loved, loved LOVED his burger (he had it with the truffle cheese & shiitake mushrooms, medium). Juicy, and as soon as he took a bite, he said we have to come back.
As a vegetarian, I just had the mixed greens salad. It was larger than I expected, and the dressing was good. I did indulge in a lot of my boyfriend's side of fries - they were far too salty to be palatable. The sauce they came with (an aioli of some sorts) was too heavy on the mayo, but had a very subtle kick.
The 4 stars came mainly from how much my boyfriend loved his burger. We'll be back so he can sample more toppings, but I think I'll just stick to trying beers next time.Monk's probably does not need any more accolades so I will keep this short. It is clearly on of the best beer bars in America. The selection of premium Belgian Ales on tap will delight any hopmeister. The food such as a cheese, or charcuterie plate pairs well with the featured drought selection. The place though is unbelievably small and I have been disappointed on occasion to not be able to get through the door! If you are only in Philly for a visit, try this place for lunch if you want a table; otherwise expect to stand face-to-face with many a happy beer drinker at night. n.b. The "Spanish Flies" will knock you off your ass, and continue to punish well into the next morning... they are the hottest chicken (don't call 'em buffalo) wings you will ever find.There's not much new to say about Monk's so I'll keep it short.
Go right after work, you'll have the best chance of getting a seat.
Bring money, it's not cheap.
Get some mussels (any kind, they're all delicious)
Drink some great beer.  Try something you've never tasted, trust me they have it.
Enjoy.I have to start by saying that I have friends that swear by this bar! I am not like that but I greatly greatly appreciate it. I recommend this place to absolutely anyone visiting Philly and I think it's almost as much a part of local Philly culture as the cheese steak. 
The restaurant is quite small, with small tables and close and comphy atmosphere. You can start off your meal/night by ordering any number of Belgian beers from the Beer Bible (the drinks menu) or the tap. The restaurant usually rotates tap beers and there are always cool choices to try. For the meal, I absolutely recommend the mussles and fries. They are absolutely delcious and filling. I was in Philly with a friend of mine and she actually asked to go to Monk's twice to eat the mussles AGAIN! I'm telling you, it's that good. 
Overall, this place is absolutely great. Probably the only drawbacks are: the beers are a bit pricey ($8+) and the place is generally pact.Great beer menu and decent food, but prestigious and aloof staff cause me to think twice before returning. Similar to it's sister bar, the Belgian Cafe in Fairmount. Maybe it was just a one off bad night, but the customer service definitely was lacking.Not really sure how I haven't managed to write a review for Monk's yet. This is one of my favorite places to go for late-night food or just for a drink! As most have stated, the beer list here is really good and it's always fun to look through the "Beer Bible" which also describes the main types of beer and where they originated. 
Monk's atmosphere is very laid back and casual, so it's very easy to just enjoy your beer and food and just relax there. Everyone who works there is always super friendly and knowledgeable about the beers. They're happy to give you samples as well! 
Now for the food...get the mussels. You might be hesitant to get mussels at a place like this but don't be!! They're in my opinion the best thing on the menu. I really like the thai curry mussels, they're so flavorful and they give you a huge portion. Monk's is a great place and I'll definitely keep coming here.My husband and I ate at Monk's Cafe for the first time two years ago and my husband has talked about going back ever since. Last weekend we traveled to Philadelphia from Brooklyn, NY to see an art show and finally return to Monk's Cafe. We were not disappointed. We had muscles, caesar salad, and mac and cheese; all delicious. We also enjoyed several unique and difficult to find beers. The best part of our lunch was our server Kat. She was friendly, professional, and efficient, but most of all she was very knowledgeable about the beer menu and recommended beers that we had never tried but were exactly what we were looking for. I hope we make it back to Monk's Cafe soon for more great food and beer; when we do we'll definitely request seating in Kat's section.99 bottles of beer on the wall... Ok, it's a lot more than 99 they have beers from all over and beers you've never heard of. I had Young's Double Chocolate Stout tonight and it was amazing. The food here is top notch, nearly everyone loves their burgers, their frites are crispy and you'll be licking the plate. Tonight some friends and I shared two plates of their enormous chicken wings. If you like it hot, you'll love these though they fill you up big time. Monk's is an all around fun place that you can keep coming back to without ever trying the same thing.Best damn fries in the city.  Great little place on 16th. Try it and you will love it.Great mussels, had Mexicano, great beer  (the pliney double ipa) ! When we came in, the hostess just stared at us waiting for us to come to her. Instead of welcoming us, she just said lunch or getting a drink? We wanted lunch, and she id's us, which we appreciate being older. She says okay come on and just puts the menus down. We enjoy this place but the blonde hostess wasn't pleasant at all. Terrible first impression.I am a mussel afficianado and have a tendency to be uber critical;  Monk's gave me nothing to be critical of...the mussels were cooked perfectly, the bread for sopping the juice was superb and all those WONDERFUL belgian beer choices makes Monk's my hand's down favorite Philly bar...can't wait for the next time!The fries at Monk's are to die for.  They have a large selection of veggie burgers (well, and burgers in general) for fellow vegetarians.  My boyfriend and I love the extensive beer list.  I hear it can get pretty packed, but the four times I have eaten here have been midweek.Monk's Cafe has the largest selection of trapist beers I have ever seen. The Chimay on tap for $9 was more than reasonable.
They also have an amazing selection of food to chose from, ranging from duck confit to several variations of burgers. 
Upon sitting at a table, which was only a 15 minute wait on a Friday night for 2, there is a beer guide that describes the beer making process along with their very wide selection of beers.  As a novice or beginner to beers, this was very helpful. 
Their prices were amazingly reasonable given their selection, and the staff was very friendly. I definitely recommend checking out this place. This is a bar for all beer enthusiasts ranging from beginner to expert.this is by far the best place if you are a fan of beer.  they have by far the best selection of beer in philadelphia.  second best would be tria.In Philly for the night, I joined a good friend of mine and had dinner and drinks at Monk's Cafe.  Great, dark, little spot with an amazing Belgian-style beer list, my friend had the Dupont Speciale Belge while I had the Allegash White wheat beer.  For food, we shared the large Brussells Mussells, which comes with a side of pomme frites.  For the main dishes, my friend had the Chicken sausage sandwich, while I had the Pulled Pork.  Both were excellent!  The beers kept comin'.  My friend switched to the Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Ale, which he seemed to enjoy more than the Dupont.  I stayed with the Allegash and was quite full after three of these.
Very cool atmosphere.  If you get there around dinner time, expect a little wait.After going back here a few times, the glimmer wears off rather quickly. This update pertains only and completely to the beer service. I have not eaten here.
First off, the place is horribly over priced. Don't get me wrong, I usually have no problem pay top dollar for good beer. I make six packs from the Finger Lakes Beverage center for $40-$50. I know quality is costly. There are some fantastic beers here but they are ridiculously over priced, especially for an 8-10 oz draft. I can get the same exact beer at any number of other take out places for 1/2 the price. For example, I paid $22 for Dogfish Head Worldwide Stout. I get the same beer at Finger Lakes Beverage Center for $9. That frustrates me. I feel Monk's uses the term "Belgium" in the same sense as grocery stores use "organic", a term used to justify high prices.
The service is terrible. I've been back here about 3 times since I first went. It takes a long time to get the bartender's attention, another 5 minutes to get your beer, and another 10 minutes to close your tab. I went here on 2-Jan-10 in the mid afternoon. It took an hour to order, drink, and pay for 2 beers. It wouldn't be too bad but considering my friend and I drank our delicious Scaldis Noel and Allagash White in a few minutes, most of our time was spent waiting.
I don't necessarily think the poor service is due to the people working or the lack of workers to deal with the crowds. The back bar had 1 server for about 20 people. Not efficient. A lot of people like this place so its almost always crowded. If you're not at a table or the bar, you're constantly being jostled around like at a frat party. I typically avoid places like that.
Monk's is definitely a beer drinker's "must visit"  place, but you'll probably want to visit it once.The service was terrible. It was snowing I was running late and they wouldn't even hold our table for an extra 5 minutes. Then we ordered at the bar and they told us since we did that they removed our name from the list waiting for a table. What crap!! We did eat at the bar since we were all starving and the burgers were bland. The bartender was a nice guy , but overwhelmed. Pass on this joint and find another place.The bartender was very knowledgable and kind. The atmosphere is very low key. So many beers to choose from in the "beer bible" book. Very unique menu items that can't be found anywhere else. Great place!!Monk's used to be one of my favorite spots to go for a casual dinner. I lived around the corner from it a few years ago, in the "good ole days", when you could get a table within 15 minutes of walking in and the mussels were 10 dollars for a small pot and 20 for a large. My significant other and I would happily split 2 small pots of mussels, grab a few beers, and be full and satisfied for a small chunk of change. Over the last few years, we have waited progressively longer and longer to dine there and gotten more frustated about their no call-ahead, no reservations policy, especially because there is not much room to stand around their always-packed bar. I recently went on a Tuesday night with a group of friends and waited almost 2 hours to be seated.. 2 hours. On a Tuesday. We obviously were desperate for some mussels and fries. 
After we were finally seated in the back bar area (after multiple times of tracking the hostess down to see where we were on the list and multiple times getting rude responses back), I opened the menu only to stare at their new pricing in utter disbelief. I guess I hadn't been in a while, but I was so accustomed to enjoying my 10 dollar pot of mussels that 16.95 just seemed like a huge huge rip-off. The 10 dollar pot with bread and fries was perfectly portioned for me.. and I can eat a lot. I begrudgingly ordered a pot of the red light mussels which has always been a favorite of mine (also love the dekoninck and ghent, don't care for the thai curry at all). They were good, not as good as I remember (maybe I was bitter about the price), but a lot of the mussels were empty and I didn't find them floating around in the broth.. frustrating. However, even with the empty ones, I couldn't finish the pot and sadly I had to leave behind perfectly good mussels. I really don't get why their portions/prices had to change. Are they making money now that they're charging people 7 dollars more, but also wasting food at the same time? Seems silly. 
I was buzzed and full at the end of the meal so I guess that counts as something but I'm pretty bummed out at the transition of this place. Sums it up perfectly: Text to the husband: "Monks increased their mussel price.. 17 bucks." "WHATTTTTTTTT"Great food !!! Burgers and frites are banging !  Little to cramped inside for my comfort and annoying being asked to show  my ID at times . Service was also great !  Beer selection is great as well and love sitting in the back feels like your not in a city if your looking for that type of environment .ABSOLUTELY a winner. High end food, high end beer, awesome atmosphere and great staff... I come from a tropical land, that wouldn't know a gastropub if it was sleeping with their sister. Monk's though, was exactly what I was expecting. If not the epitome of a Gastropub, truly it at least reading the definition of what it should be. 
I enjoyed a duck sandwich with a couple glasses of Delirium and, my favorite, Chimay. Surrounded by amazing company, good friends and fellow professionals, I felt like I was in a euphoric world where nights lasted all day and work never existed.
The GOOD: the sandwich - over stuffed with greens, walnuts, a subtle sweet/tangy sauce cranberries and finished off with perfectly pink duck medallions. The bread, for me, was fresh tasting and soft. Completely complimented the filling and, like few things, good to the last drop. The beers were abundant - and many, since I am not from the area - were a complete mystery to me. I took the advice of a fellow table mate and enjoyed a great tasting Delirium beer, it was smooth, light colored beer that just felt right in a dim and dark bar. Following that, I grabbed a beer I was familiar with and enjoyed a Chimay - which came in its proper chalice! score.
The BAD: there really wasnt any bad. the only thing I could bitch about is that I wanted it to be larger (thats what she said...) but in reality, why would I want more people here and what do I expect them to do with limited space. The staff - although super busy - were attentive when they could be. I am not going to knock people down for being busy - the place was packed. 
OVERALL: Magical. and that is an understatement. People at my table ordered the muscles - and they looked amazing. the salmon on the other hand - looked small - I would have been disappointed if I had ordered that. the duck sandwich though - five stars alone. As an end to the perfect dinner, our large group ordered dessert... all of them. Every single bite was more perfect than the last - my favorite though, was a choco-espresso-tart thing. awesome sauce. Next stop in Philly will definitely include another hit of Monk's!It's hard to get a table here because it's that good. 
Mussels, burgers, beers, and fries, oh my - all delicious. 
The waitresses with their 'Philly tudes' are professional and attentive.This place is great.  I lived in Belgium (Bruges) and I've missed the better sides of that country ever since.  We had a great waitress who had been working there for some time, knew her stuff, was very friendly and welcoming.   I can't remember her name but she was blond and in her mid 20's.  
They have a small booklet of beers, 90% of which are Belgian.  I thought that I'd gone to beer nirvana.
I had a small bucket of moules with some frites.  The moules were plump and flavorful.  The frites were crispy outside and creamy inside as they should be.  
And the whole thing was not too too expensive.  
I'll go again the next time I'm in Philly.Yeah, yeah, yeah.... Monks has good beers.( any of these beers can be found at the foodery ....for the most part) you know what else monks has? Horrible bartenders! They think their s&!t does not stink. What's that you say? You want a recommendation...hahaha prepare to get the nose of the almighty monks elitist pointed down at you.
Quick questions monks staff; did you ever stop to think I know a little something about your precious nectar as well, but possibly just wanted a suggestion.
Been there. Done that. Will not return.
If you feel like getting looked down upon, monks is for you.Got kicked out once for walking in and sitting down at a table w/out being seated first. Yeah, don't do that. 
Well, escorted to the bar, not kicked out entirely. 
Bar is tiny, but if you can get in, the food is awesome. 
Vegan options. 
Great beer selection (mostly bottles, though).Yummmm.  I literally live at this bar, and every time my friends come from out of town, I drag them here!!  The beer list - well, that's is what they are known for.  Also, do yourself a favor and order the Ghent mussels and the duck salad salad.  Literally the best pub food I have ever had. 
The beers and service never disappoint. :)  the decor is so cool, and I already mentioned the beer selection.  Just go - I have never been to another beer place like this before, and probably never will once I leave Philly.  Sigh.