Cozy and comfortable, with true Sicilian flare. Try the Bisteca, the Lamb in the style of the horse, or any of the pastas. Actually, for the price (and the fact that it's BYOB), try them all! Service is friendly and on spot. Loved our hold experience and will be returning as often as permitted.This is the best restaurant in Philadelphia in my humble opinion.  Hands down.
Forget Le Bec Fin, Morimoto's, or any of those other over-priced traps.  And forget Sabrina's Cafe for your weekend brunch; go across the street to Monsù instead.  It rocks.  
The cuisine is Sicilian and I'm very fussy when it comes to Italian food.  I can maybe think of one or two other Italian restaurants that are worth my time, and this place meets my high standards without a doubt.
Every appetizer and every entrée is perfect...PERFECT!  I've never had a bad experience, much less a bad meal, here.  They have a brunch menu that serves the BEST Eggs Benedict I've ever had, and I don't normally even LIKE Eggs Benedict at all -- but I LOVE theirs.  They serve scrapple ("scrappola" they call it) that is absolutely delicious -- and I'm a tough customer when it comes to scrapple; I don't like anybody "fancy-ing up" my scrapple.  Monsù does scrapple right; they make it their own without overdoing anything or diverging too much from what makes scrapple so great.
Their arancini is amazing.  I've tried MAKING arancini, and it's hard...it's particularly hard to make stuffed arancini because the rice tends to fall apart when you're trying to stuff it.  They do it perfectly, and it's delicious.
I can't recommend this place enough.  Do yourself a favor...stop doing whatever you're doing, and just go...right now.  Go!Best calamari of my life! Definitely do the tourista menu. I had the calamari, a shrimp pasta, and swordfish and everything was amazing! The service was also great, the chef even came out to meet everyone and he was a very nice guy! Will absolutely be back!Any restaurant that would use a gimmick like putting horse meat on the menu just because it is in the news is a restaurant with a severe lack of integrity.  What's next, pink slime burgers?Easily the best Italian food I've had in Philly. It was carefully prepared and incredibly flavorful; the restaurant is small so the chef really takes care of you. The tasting menu is an incredible deal as well. I highly recommend this place.Wow, what a fantastic place. We have been twice and thoroughly enjoyed both meals. It is a cash only, BYOB place with a very friendly staff. I have had the tavola caldi (mixed plate of food), and the eggs benedict with pork, and some other delicious stuff. I don't even like eggs benedict but I will order that plat every time. Plus, their foccaccia bread with oil is to so delicious....love this restaurant!Went for dinner on a hot summer night in early July 2012.
I had high hopes, unfortunately, I wasn't impressed. Overall, the food wasn't bad but it is also not spectacular. I wanted to like to the food but I thought they were all over-seasoned (read: very salty).
The saffron rice ball was pretty good.
The tagliatelle with mushrooms was so salty that it was almost inedible.
The mackerel was okay.
The Osso Bucco was tender but lacks in flavor (perhaps after the tagliatell my taste buds were numb).I love Modo Mio.  I love Paesano's.  So Monsu was clearly the next place to go for me.  Walking in to the old Paesano's location really made me want a Paesano's sandwich more than anything.  For Paesano's fans, I don't think there is enough of a decor change to elicit any other reaction than missing Paesono's.
On to the food.  I must say, it probably would have gotten 4 stars but for my entree.  We started with the mussels, the grilled mozzarella, and the arancia.  The short rib ragu in the arancia was delicious.  The mussels and the grilled mozzarella were satisfying, but not knock your socks off.  
We then moved on to a half pasta dish.  I really like the fact that you can order a half-pasta, especially because all of the pastas sounded amazing.  We ordered the casatelle - which was fantastic.  Our dining partners shared the gnocci and really enjoyed that as well.
On to the entrees . . . . we ordered the rib - eye and were pretty disappointed with it.  It was over-salted and just not a great dish.   Our dining companions chose the osso bucco, which they seemed to enjoy.
I left wishing we'd ordered more pastas instead of opting for the entrees.  So I think I will definitely go back, but just stick to the pastas.Came here last weekend with a gluten free friend who was happy with her menu choices. I ordered the 'eggs basildict' which was a delicious Italian take on benedict. The breakfast potatoes weren't that great but I was already full from the eggs anyways. Service was good and the prices were decent. Overall great brunch!This is a great secret spot in Philly. I have been here twice. First was for brunch and everything was delicious. Last time i took my whole family who was in town for my graduation. I love the atmosphere and the service! Everybody is nice and helpful and the small restaurant feels very cozy. The food is very good, i love the tasting menu because allows you to try different things for 40$. You must be wondering why i gave them four stars. Well, most of the food including the home made bread and the desserts (tiramisu) were great, but two of them: the gnochi and the vegetarian pasta with mushrooms and lemon not so much. Too much lemon on them for me, i also asked to have the rest of my food in a box to take it home and they forgot about it. Nevertheless I still like it a lot and i'll definitely would go back next time i'm in town.Monsu is one of those restaurants that makes me wish for a half star. I wish I could give them 4 and 1/2 stars. I don't think it's 5-star worthy but it definitely is above 4-star. Let me present my case. We went there because really we couldn't get a reservation at Modo Mio. Grilled octopus was disappointing but Gnocci was literally THE best of my life! I got the good ol' eggplant parmesan w/ spaghettis. they were good but I wasn't blown away. However, the reason for their half star is that the leftovers of my dish was SO SO SO good. I don't ever recall a leftover being better than actual fresh dish at the restaurant. I do like BYO, that's always a plus. So I think this place deserves a return visit.Monsu is a small resturant nestled in the neighborhoods in South Philly.  The atmosphere is homey, warm, and inviting.  With the bread they serve a fresh mozzarella ball in olive oil, delicious!  Their menu changes, but the food is delicious.  Pastas are fresh and flavorful.  I just wish they had desserts without nuts (I'm allergic).  Keep in mind it's a BYOB and CASH only!Monsu was very good.
There was a complimentary bite of blowfish and sweet berries on a cracker that was interesting. Couldn't taste any fish though and a bit sweet for an appetizer.
The snail appetizer was very delicious. Great sauce. Highly recommend trying it.
Gnocchi was delicious. I like the bit of pistachio crumbs that gave it a nice crunch.
Tagliatelle was very nice. Mushrooms were delicious. Pasta was fresh.
Serving sizes were not large but actually perfect if you don't want to be stuffed since pasta can be heavy.
Friendly service- The waitress was very warm but it was hard to hear the laundry list of specials. Cash only and BYO.
Overall a good place to try out.Pretty fabulous.
They have an option to do a tasting menu, which I highly recommend. I went with my wife and another couple so we coordinated and all got different things to share. Some highlights: Arancia was awesome. A fried rice ball is good on its own, but top it with a killer bolognese and you are in heaven. The octopus salad may have been my favorite item on the menu. Mussels were great, the gnocchi excellent, and the veal chop was a monster hunk of meat, yet cooked perfectly. I had the pork loin for my entree (the maiale). It was awesome, pork topped with fried sopresatta and  a fried egg. Really great stuff. 
The food was wonderful, my only complaints are these, the decor is awful, but I don't typically go out to eat based on the decor. If I did, I never would have gone in to Monsu. It's so plain and cheesy, but with food like that, I don't care what is on the walls. My second minor gripe is the options, I wish there were more, although there is certainly something to be said about doing a few things very well rather than a ton of things just average. (By the way CASH ONLY)
I've had this place on my list for a long time, now I can't wait to go back.Man, forgot what it was like to have a 5-star meal in this city.  Everywhere I've been lately has been great, pleasant enough but nothing "special".  Monsu is special!
Here's why:
- No working website, which means no menu or OpenTable which means you kind of  have to want to eat here and can't really plan what you want ahead of time.  The element of surprise. (Yes I realize I'm saying this on the picture and sample menu site that is Yelp.)
-  Time - they gave us time!  Like, lot's of it.  8PM reservation, walked out after 10:30.  By our choosing.  And this was a Saturdee night.  Such a pleasant feeling to be able to talk to your friends, enjoy some BYO wine and not feel rushed.
- Food - duh. From the bread to the lumache (snails) to the lasagne to the beef cheek on special flat out fantastic stuff.  A large enough menu to make sure everyone is happy and keep future visits interesting.
- Value - $40 turista which includes an antipasti, a primi, a secondi, and dessert.  And they didn't skimp on size far as I could tell.  Ridiculously good deal.
- Vibe - as said no rush, relaxing, fun with great service and a lively atmosphere...yet not so lively you can't hold a conversation.  Everyone in there seemed to be having a genuinely good time.My grandparents are fresh off the boat Italians so I have very high standards for Italian cuisine and Monsu was right on the Monday. I went here for my birthday and did the tasting menu with my family, friends, and boyfriend. It is such a great deal for the tasting menu (40 bucks) and it was absolutely delicious. My favorite was the short rip gnocchi! They had a nice assortment of desserts. The portions were perfect because at the end of the meal I was full but not completely stuffed. Definitely going back!i've been meaning to make a yelp account for months, prompted by both excellent and terrible service, but this is the restaurant that finally pushed me to do it.  my boyfriend and i are both vegan, but it was our friend's birthday and monsu is (or more accurately, used to be) a favorite of hers, and we figured that we'd be able to find something to eat.  the three of us got there at our reservation time of 6:30, and her sister and her boyfriend got there ten minutes later.
one of the first things our waiter said to us was that we were off to a late start (ten minutes? really?), and he wanted to speed up the process of us ordering and eating.  we already knew we had to be out by 8, which was plenty of time to order, eat, and enjoy our meal, and i thought his tone was pretty rude right off the bat.  my boyfriend, who has been a server, disagreed, though, so i disregarded it.
after looking at the menu, we realized that there was only one veganizable pasta dish, so we planned to share that and a salad.  however, our server told us we couldn't share a pasta dish as an entree, which i guess is fine, but the way he said it was so rude and standoffish that everyone at the table was completely shocked and embarrassed.  the three surrounding tables couldn't help but hear because he kept going on and on.  i understand that a restaurant needs to make money, but there are so many different ways of saying the same thing, and if you're entire job is dependent on being personable and kind, our server should probably look for another job.  additionally, the three other people we were with ordered tons of food, so it's not like we were trying to have a cheap meal.  since there were NO vegan options (which is fine, it's not a vegan restaurant) we tried to veganize the eggplant parmigian, but he said we couldn't, which i really don't understand--i realize that most people wouldn't want to just eat eggplant and tomato sauce, but if the food is made fresh, why is it impossible to take the cheese off?  we ended up both ordering the same pasta dish with artichokes and mushrooms (without cheese) and it was delicious; we also shared the beet and arugula salad which was really fresh and also fantastic.  in all honesty, the pasta dish wouldn't have been large enough to share, so i'm glad we got two, but again, there are so many different ways of communicating the same idea.  i can get a good meal at a ton of different places, and i won't go back to a place where i received such rude service.
tl;dr
delicious food (albeit overpriced)
horrible service; will never, ever go backMy wife and I had dinner at Monsu on a Saturday evening.  It was fabulous!  The service was very attentive and helpful.  It is a BYOB which I appreciate.  We began with appetizers of escargot - which we incredibly delicious and perfectly prepared - the best I have ever tasted!  I had the roasted goat (first time for me!) and it was tasty and rich meat.  My wife had the blue fish special of the night stuffed with veggies - she loved it! The food was creatively prepared, nicely presented and flavorful. They made a good cup of decaf cappuccino too!
A couple of minor suggestions.....the tables are a bit too close together.  The restaurant was empty but they seated people close together anyway.....They should switch from paper napkins to cloth....minor things for sure.  This is a great little restaurant int he heart of the Italian Market in South Philly.  We will definitely return.
I strongly recommend it.My first time here I wasn't a fan, but I kept trying the food and boy am I glad we kept going back.  I probably write about this a lot in my reviews, but having a friendly and attentive staff can only enhance your dining experience.  Every time we go we are welcomed and offered advice on their favorite new dishes.  In addition, we had really enjoyed their curry mussels, but they were no longer making them that way.  The chef went out of his way, not once but three times, to make us this dish.  That's service!
If you want some good food and a nice staff, this is the place to go.  Enjoy!I was really hoping to love this place. It is  an adorable place with outside sitting and not even a block away from our house.
I was so exited to try it out and then very disappointed once I was done.
Why I'm only giving it 1 one star:
1. the water glasses are way way to small, specially when you are going there on a hot day and a huge room is running under one little AC unit. It was very hot and the water was not even cold due to temperature. There was one girl walking around with a jug of water, but her water was also not cold. I just gave up and asked for a glass of ice.
2.the bread. They give you literally one slice of bread that was not even that great and also they mixed the olive oil with a chunk of butter that honestly was not that great. olive oil would of been fine. Oh and also they actually forgot to give us the bread, we saw everyone else had some so once we got out meal we had to ask for it. 
3. I ordered some ravioli ala monsu which was very salty. My fiancée ordered some gnochi which claimed to have some crab meat but the crab meat was never found. 
4. The place is always busy (i don't understand why) and they only have to waitresses which considering the size your would think its ok but this particular time it was packed and the poor two waiters were running around like crazy. 
5.Oh lets not forget how they greeted us. The Host barely said hi she went straight to "we are cash only" which shocked s because we were waiting for they typical "hello, how are you? how many?"
Needless to say....i felt it was over prized and over rated. I wont go back. What a disappointed.....another bella vista failure.Everyone was very nice and attentive. Usually I do not enjoy mussels in red sauce, but I picked that option off of a recommendation and it turned out to be my favorite dish. Special thanks for the owner for the help and the hostess for pointing us in the direction of stores for alcohol (we weren't used to BYOB). A server also gave us advice on Philadelphia in general which I appreciated.
Note: they will not sell alcohol, and it's cash only.The good: arancini, home made bread, bruschetta, cheese and flash fried mozzarella appetizer topped with shrimp and arugula.
The bad: the shrimp on the appetizer tasted like it had been in the freezer for a long, long time. I got the eggplant entree and it was incredibly oily and nondescript. 
I would definitely go back, but I am steering clear of the eggplant and seafood unless it's a fresh special.This used to be one of my favorites. The last couple of times it was overheated and they tried to rush us out. The food was not as good either - in fact the grilled octopus was not eatable- the scallops were rubbery- it appears to be resting on its laurels.Huge quantities of great food.  Cheap prices. BYOB.  Very flexible on substitutions on their four-course $40 dinner.We stepped in for Sunday Brunch and I'd actually give it 3 1/2 stars if possible.  It falls somewhere between A-OK and Yay, I'm a fan.  All in all it was fine and I would like to go back one day to check out dinner at Monsu.
We walked into the restaurant at about 12:30 and the place was pretty much empty leading me to wonder if they're delving into new territory with a brunch menu.  I don't know.  The service was fine and our waiter explained the day's 2 specials and then gave us the choice of going with a tasting menu or going a la carte.  We chose a la carte.
Things started with my girl and I splitting a plate of Sicilian pancakes.  3 appropriately smaller sized pancakes topped with fresh berries, maple syrup and a dollop of ricotta cheese.  Tasty and filling.  We each went with a second course.  My girl choosing the gnocchi which was nice but a bit too salty with what seemed an unnecessary ingredient of pistachio in the sauce.  I think I fared a little better with my choice of the day's special Sicilian omelette. An omelette prepared with fresh spinach and roasted red pepper with mozzarella cheese and soppressata salami.  The omelette was banging and came with tasty sides of large wedged home fried potatoes and grilled, well done italian sausage.  Very nice.
Monsu sits in the heart of Philadelphia's Italian market surrounded by Italian bakeries, delis and restaurants.  Sunday brunch is admittedly not the best way to judge such a place but they did do a nice job with what they had to offer. One day we shall return to sample the authentic Sicilian fare and see if we can get a true taste of Italy.  Bon Appetit!!Just left monsu and it was amazing. Ordered the pork loin and it was one of the best pieces of pork I've ever had. It was topped with an egg which really set off the flavor and it basically melted in my mouth. The prices were very good. Honestly I would have paid more if they asked. The staff was great and were very attentive to our table and every other customer. Very cool atmosphere. There wasn't a table open and our food came out quick. I will definitely be back again and would highly recommend monsu to anyone looking for a great dinner.This was my second time on a Friday night. I did the tasting menu, 4 courses for $40, which was a great value for the price. Octopus was meaty. Perfect portion of gnocchi to taste but not fill up. My boyfriend had the rigatoni with rabbit that was delicious, and I normally wouldn't like rabbit meat. Service was excellent, and it was pretty crowded. Atmosphere is warm, and good for a date or girls night out.Enjoyed a wonderful evening out with close friends, it was a bit difficult to get a reservation on Saturday night on the same morning but we did in the end.  
All of the food was great.  I really enjoyed the rabbit in philo dough with a fresh salad on top!
It is a place not to miss in South Philly's Italian Market.Great brunch!  Great dinner!  Honestly brunch is as good as local hotspot Sabrina's with a fraction of the wait.  I have been for brunch three times.
Dinner is where this place truly shinesWow, It's almost 4 yrs since we were here. What's wrong with me! This is still one of the top restaurants in Philly. Meal was amazing! Go with the $40.00 per person tasting menu (3 dishes + dessert) it's a great deal and a ton of food. They say the portions are slightly smaller, but they're still very plentiful. 
The hard crusted corn bread is outstanding! Ernesto our server as well as the entire staff was perfect in every manner of service - except, one time a bus person reached in and grabbed my plate with out asking if I was done, and I wasn't - but he realized he messed up, placed it back, and sincerely apologized.
Two issues that keep me form going with 5 stars, 1- The saluted spinach was way over salted; 2- A unfinished dish we took home had a good amount of broth, but they don't use a proper container (they go cheap with all styrofoam), so all the broth drained into the bag - a big mess, and now no broth to finish the dish. Not very professional for such an amazing restaurant. They need to spend a little money and provide a quality take-home container for broth dishes.Food was great!  Really fun experience in this Italian South Philly restaurant.  Appetizers to dessert the food was excellent and since you can bring your own wine this place is always a terrific place to go.Fabulous dinner. We tried the tasting menu and everything was delicious!!! Service was good and everyone was friendly. Can't wait to go back!!!Ate brunch here for the first time and had one of the best brunch experiences ever. I chose the Chef's Tasting Menu. The tasting menu was unique in that you were able to pick from the menu an appetizer, an entrée, and a desert rather than the chef selecting. This proved to be a fabulous deal as I was given more food than I could finish for only $25. I had the Sicilian fries, the eggs basilicto and the cheesecake. I ended up taking home half my entree because I was so full! The quality of the food was also amazing. Everything was cooked and flavored to perfection. The eggs were the right amount of runny and not over cooked (which is usually my biggest complaint with eggs Benedict). Additionally the potatoes served as a side were cooked so well they practically melted in my mouth. The atmosphere was relaxed and not over crowded, which I like because I find most brunch places in Philadelphia end up being packed. My only complaint was that the waitress incorrectly calculated our bill (the bill she gave us was much lower than what we owed). But she quickly corrected it when we showed her the error. Despite this, I would definitely visit this restaurant again and I look forward to trying dinner here!Michael and other staff made this anniversary meal a delightful and delicious experience.  Christine and I have had many Italian meals but not Sicilian and we were very pleased with each of the dishes, which ranged from a snails and mushroom appetizer to a range of desserts.  The ravioli with saffron risotto and over easy egg was amazing, as was the Branzino in a beurre blanc and orange sauce.  You could tell that the pasta was freshly made.  I had the $40 tasting menu and Christine ordered a separate pasta dish.  And Michael and the chef accommodated our vegetarian requests.  We paired with some affordable Sicilian wine that the PA Fine Wines and Spirits store had.  We will definitely return to try some of the other dishes. You just can't go wrong with their $40 tasting menu; it's great food and great value.I went there for lunch a couple of weekends ago and was very impressed by the food. A very nice and unpretentious place by the Italian market, with better Italian food than the Vetri restaurants in town.Excellent dinner we enjoyed everything especially the octopus salad and the Lampucca -Sicilian PaellaThis is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The food is excellent, the service is amazing and the ambiance is warm and authentic. 
At Monsu, you can buy dishes a la carte but the best deal is certainly the 4 course "Menu Tourista" that includes your choice of antipasti dish, pasta dish, entree and dessert. 
I have been here probably 5 to 10 times and have never had a disappointing dish. Plus, the menu is constantly changing so there are always new options. Although this is an Italian restaurant in the Italian market, it is very special because they specialize in Sicilian Italian cuisine. It is very seafood heavy and is much earthier than most Italian food. 
The service is fantastic. Every one of them are so nice and personable and are very knowledgeable about the menu and food. 
It is cash only and is a byo. I would call ahead to make a reservation! The restaurant is not very big and fills up quickly. 
If you have not been here, you need to go! It's Philly's hidden gem.We went for brunch the first weekend after it opened.  There was a minor hiccup in the kitchen and the staff almost had to close down for the day,  but the manager from Modo stepped in, called Pete McAndrews who showed up in a flash to set things right.
Everything was excellent! The food, atmosphere, pricing and staff were great.  Watching the line at Sabrina's was entertaining too.
The fresh bread and dip set on the table was gobbled up quickly.  I had their version of Eggs Benedict and it was amazing. My dining companions each enjoyed their entries as well, but I don't recall exactly what they ordered. We also tried the fried cheese and ravioli...both were spectacular.
One last note about the staff - WONDERFUL!  They were attentitive and knowledable.  The chef even came out to check on us.
We had an all-around fantastic experience.Hmm.....I came here on a Friday night with a reservation for 8 people at 9PM. They were pretty busy, the family that was sitting at our table, did not leave until almost 10PM. I was a little hangry and annoyed by the wait time. Because there were 8 of us, we had to do the tasting menu which was fine. I got their n'salata, gnocchi, and their special for the night which was some sort of breaded steak(I forgot the name). The salad was good, the gnocchi was SO SALTY. Omg. Salt salt salt. Including the steak. But the steak wasn't as salty as the gnocchi. It's a shame because I really liked the flavor of the gnocchi, just tooooo much salt. What's funny is, this place was recommended by someone and they said "I told you my mom likes the place because everything tastes like salt!" Totally missed that part. Haha 
anyways, I've tried my friends dishes as well. The cozze modo mio(mussels) were delicious in a white wine sauce. The mozzarella en carozza was good;basically a grilled cheese. Can't go wrong with that. The tonnarelli was also good. Ohh the fried risotto ball (arancia) was quite interesting....I didn't like it. And to my surprise, the veal was not good to me. Bland, not super tasteful. At the end, we got a taste of each dessert they had. Our waiter named/described each dessert but I realized when I got home, that they did not give us some desserts they had named. Weird?? I don't know. The tiramisu was to die for. That was my favorite. 
I must say, some of the food was good and others were not. We were there until midnight because the food took sooooo long to come out. Most of my party was getting tired just sitting around waiting.. I know they were busy but being at a restaurant from 9-12am is a little too long for me. Granted we even had to wait almost an hour just to sit down. Blah I had higher expectations for this place. I only took pictures of a few dishes.Best Gnocchi i ever had. Do yourself a favor and order the entree size- you will not regret it.Located in Italian Market of South Philadelphia this Sicilian Restaurant is family owned, it's quaint and cozy, white table cloth and great, welll...exceptional service. The food is fresh, locally sourced seafood and produce. Michelle is an awesome hostess, very friendly and warm service.we had a really wonderful dinner at monsu tonight. unfortunately it was ruined at the end by a rude maitre'd, which is why it gets four rather than the five stars i would like to give it. we were a party of six and were given the round table off to the side of the door. parties of six are required to get the tasting menu, which includes four courses. everything was totally delicious. we were nervous we wouldn't be able to eat all of the food, but  servings were downsized a bit for the tasting menu and there was a lot of time between courses. but apparently they gave us too much time between courses because before we had finished our desserts, the maitre'd informed us that a party had been waiting 20 minutes for our table and we should leave; he did not apologize and seemed to be suggesting that we were being rude for staying so long. we felt blindsided, since the reason our dinner took so long was because of how they spaced out the courses. our waitress had been great, but her hard work was cancelled out by this incident. it's sad how sometimes a bad staff person can ruin a truly spectacular meal.Oh hey!! After my friend and I were fed to the brim with samples at the Italian Market, we came here for brunch. 
This place was really good... Ernesto was our server, and he was hilarious!  I ordered the gnocchi with crab and it was THE fluffiest gnocchi I've ever had.  It's the way gnocchi should be made - not dense and heavy in your stomach.  My friend had Monsu's spin on chicken and wafflers, and the orange syrup that came with it was fabulous :)
I'm not sure how this place is related to Modo Mio (I've been there and I was definitely not a fan).  I will definitely be back!Meh is right, our meal was so-so with some hits and some misses. I'd actually give Monsu 2 1/2 stars if I could. I have to say that, after hearing much hype, the meal was all-in-all a let-down. Came here for Easter dinner with my 3 children and my mother. Apps were generally good, the fried schmorza being the best. Entrees were not as good and portions were surprisingly small. My sons lamb shank special was a small bowl with a few pieces of lamb in it for $26, my daughters bistecca was 4-5 slices of steak for $25, and my pork involtini, while a decent size, was pretty bland and unexciting. My other daughters risotto was good, as were my mom's gnocchi with crabmeat. Be warned though, entrees do NOT come with anything so you must order sides to go with them, we had the potatoes and a salad which were eh. 
Desserts were also hit and miss, a lemon tart was very good, the chocolate tart with espresso glaze was very good but miniscule, and the cannoli? For a Sicilian restaurant the cannoli was disgraceful, big huge clumsy shell that was nearly impossible to break or chew with fairly good filling that wasn't even piped all the way through it, so the majority of it was hollow, lol. The bill? With tax and tip it was $210! At over $40/pp I feel the meal was not worth it, and to be honest there are too many good restaurants in Philly for me to consider returning. Our entertaining (and gorgeous) Albanian server was very good and knew the menu very well, I could've listened to her speak all day, lol. Next time I'm going back to L'Angolo.....Wow. While walking around South Philly's Italian Market on Sunday morning we chose this place at random for a bite and we ended up having some of the most delicious food we have ever tasted. The Gnocchi with sweet crab, pistachio, and lemon tomato cream was as light as a feather and melted in our mouths. Even the complimentary focaccia bread with orange chutney, fresh garlic, and olive oil dipping sauce was a mind-blower. I noticed an otherwise dignified-looking lady diner at another table licking her fingers. Enough said - the Sicilian cuisine at Monsu absolutely rocks.- TIP:  If you've been in the past few years -- try going back.  Everything is on-point, but especially the pasta is a highlight.
- CON:  Small place -- which I personally like -- but it also means that you'll often be cramped during peak dinner hours.
- BOTTOM LINE:  This is the best Italian restaurant in the Italian Market.  Much more inspired dishes than Dante Luigis, Ralphs, Vila di Roma...and they still get all of the basics right.My girlfriend and I have been looking forward to going to this restaurant since we moved to south Philly due to our love of Peter McAndrews other location, Modo Mio. First impression is a little odd due to the not so great decor, but don't let that scare you away because the food is fantastic. 
The menu changes quite frequently here just as it does at Modo Mio, so we are looking forward to coming again.Best Italian restaurant in Philly. The turista menu provides 4 courses for $40pp and is an incredible value. The menu changes regularly but never disappoints. Everything at Monsú is amazing!I have been to monsu many times and I am a fan. I especially love any type of pasta and they prepare an gnocchi  which are light and fluffy just like they are supposed to be not lumpy and heavy like so may other places serve.  I always order the $40 tasting menu it is an incredible value. Its a BYO so just grab your favorite bottle of wine and head over.   The octopus app is tender and light with an incredible flavor.Excellent service and yummy brunch selections. Staff could not have been nicer.  We are coming back for dinner!Let me first say, if you're looking for typical red sauce Italian, then don't go here. That being said, if you're looking for something a little different...this is the spot to go. The atmosphere is fantastic and the service was top notch. I will definitely be back!Came here for brunch and got the eggs basildict and the gnocchi with hazelnut, sausage, chocolate (I know but it's good, trust me!), and a hint of cinnamon.  The eggs were poached perfectly, the foccacia was fresh, and the sausage-tomato sauce was robust and flavorful.  The gnocchi dish sounds like an unlikely combination but the flavors meshed quite well and the gnocchi itself was light and cooked to perfection.  I also tried a few bites of the eggplant parm, and it was very good, with crispy (not overly fried) eggplant slices topped off with fresh mozzarella and the wonderful tomato sauce. Service was a little slow at times but still very friendly.  Definitely a good place for a savory brunch in the Italian Market.One of my favorite Italian BYOs in Philadelphia. I've eaten there about 5 times over the past 3 years and have always had a spectacular meal. My latest trip was no exception. They now have a 4-course $40 Prix Fix that includes anything on the menu. For a starter I had artichoke with fried mozzarella and greens, gnocchi with shrimp and capretto (goat) for the main course. A tiramisu completed the meal. The server asked how we wanted the meal paced, and as we were seated at 7:30, we had all the time we wanted. Great place to bring a bottle of wine you've been saving for the right meal.The food here is amazing. Sicilian, with a touch of North African. First rate in every wayHaving spent some glorious (food) days in Sicily recently, the Sicilian name of this little place in the Italian market ("monzù" is what Sicilians made of the French honorific "monsieur") proved irresistible - and we are glad we had "brunch" there today.  The menu offered at noon is quite extensive and many offerings turn out to be riffs on well-known Sicilian dishes.
The well-made arancia (fried rice ball with a delectable meat and vegetable mixture inside) got us off to a good start and the way the restaurant served its pulpo (octopus) salad - with lots of fennel and dill it resembled a very tasty green salad - turned out to be a lovely counterpoint to the creamy richness of the arancia.  As mains, we tried the gnocchi in tomato cream sauce with crab and the veal tongue dish (that was actually a dinner selection but the accommodating chef made it for us at lunch).  I enjoyed both dishes, although the crab did not do a whole lot in that rich sauce.  The tripe dish has been taken off the menu (a loss!) but there are certainly many other interesting choices of flavorful mediterranean dishes to satisfy a wide variety of tastes.
For dessert, we reverted to the "arancia" theme - this time a sweet rice-pudding ball that proved to be a satisfying end to a most enjoyable luncheon.  The fine Barolo we brought along contributed to the overall feeling of satisfaction (yes, Monsu is BYOB).
Our server was attentive and charming, we were, alas, her only customers at that moment.
I recommend Monsu to anyone who likes the full-flavored cuisine of Sicily.Sometimes I hesitate to review such a hidden neighborhood gem for fear of exposing it. I can't resist giving appropriate love to this cozy, cash-only, BYOB in the Italian market neighborhood of south Philly. 
We had the four course $40 menu and thereby tried 8 dishes so I feel confident that the exceptional tastes that I am still thinking about several days after the meal were not anomalies.
My two favorites: the snails with one of the best savory sauces I have had in a while. I asked for bread to soak up every last drop. The lasagne with sausage ragu, cinnamon, chocolate and a poached egg on top?! Yup it was as good as it sounds.
As others have noted, the deserts aren't half as good as the spectacular primi, secondi, and antipasti dishes. 
I can't wait to return because I will be thinking about those snails until I do.Came here for my birthday, Feb 2012. All I have to say is yum yum yum.
They do this interesting thing with their fresh baked bread where they serve it with a dollop of ricotta in seasoned olive oil. They had a special prix fixe menu on valentines day, but it was so delicious I ended up going to Modo Mio and Popolino within the next 6 months.
CASH ONLY meal for two was $80HIGHLY recommend doing the chef's tasting menu for $45 per person- you get four incredible dishes. The food is definitely the shining star of this place, but the service is awesome too!best sicilian food in south philly---besides my mothers!!!!!!!
love it!i was impressed and i'm a VERY picky when it comes to italian food. my first visit i only tried a few antipasti's but was very happy with all my choices.
the places gets busier as the night goes on so i recommend getting there a bit earlier... the busier it gets the less you'll see the staff but i would say it's worth the wait.Went to Monsu on a Saturday night without a reservation and got a table, though was told we would have to get up by a certain time (no problem there). We were seated and the waitress waitress rattled off what seemed like laundry list of nightly specials and put our wine in an ice bucket. As we were looking at the menu she brought us a complimentary appetizer, a sliver of fish on top of bread with a berry compote. While this was least favorite part of the meal it was complimentary so I couldn't complain. We ordered the snail appetizer for the table and it was a good size for four people to share, request extra bread so you can soak up all the delicious liquid at the bottom of the bowl. I split the gnocchi and the spaghetti with my girlfriend and though the serving sizes were smaller than expected we were both full after the meal. Both meals were extremely tasty and fresh and I would recommend this place.We went last night and it was almost as good as modo mio. The decor needs a little work but I would go again!I am not a huge fan of Italian cuisine but this place is awesome. The steak frites was fantastic. The escargot is one of my favorite dishes of all time. Their pastas are homemade and the gravy is best I have had. The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. You feel like you are part of the family when you are here. It is cash only and BYOB. I do not believe they charge a corkage fee. Incredible, authentic Italian food at reasonable prices.Visited Philly this past weekend and was introduced to Monsu. I loved the fact that it was BYOB first off. Second off, the tasting menu was a really good deal. With the menu you get an app, pasta, main, and dessert all for forty dollars. From the apps, I got the zuppa which was pretty decent but not even comparable to the appetizer my friend got which was the Italian fried cheese. That was amazing. I had the tagliatelle pasta which was my favorite part of the meal. I was so full after both of those that I barely touched my porchetta, but from what I did have, it was very good. I finished off with the chocolate torte which was also good. My friend had the eggplant parm as her main which she stated was good but nothing out of the ordinary. They give you bread with dinner with an interesting duck fat spread. It definitely was unique. The staff was awesome and attentive. Definitely a nice, quaint spot to check out in Philly. Be sure to make reservations!Spent a lovely Friday evening seated outside eating an early dinner here.  Everything was tasty, but our favorites were the lasagna and the duck.  These were rich with complex flavor without being too salty.  The "pasta alla monsu" with spicy tomato sauce, tuna and green olives made my companion exclaim: "wow, everything here is really good!"  The whole looked tempting.  Even the desserts, which sounded rather ordinary, were better than expected.  The chocolate cake had a nice caramel sauce and the panna cotta came with bright strawberries stewed with balsamic vinegar.  The tasting menu is a good deal if you're really hungry, but I'd probably be happy with just a pasta and maybe a couple of their sides if I didn't want to spend much.  If the roasted potatoes here are anything like those at Paesano's, I'd be content making a meal of them.  Also: loved the tapenade they served with the bread.
Overall: love the eclectic mix of flavors, ingredients, textures and preparations they bring in under the Sicilian theme.  It's very impressive that they pull off so many different dishes so well.
Check it out!Monsu has become a staple restaurant for me-personally and professionally. Tonight I took four out of town guests from the hotel I work at to Monsu. The guests all said it was far and away one of the best meals they've ever had. The food, ambience and staff..Ernesto in particular, make Monsu the best Italian, and by far one of the best restaurants in the city. Don't walk, Run to Monsu. I promise you will not be disappointed.We live near Monsu and decided to go there for our anniversary.  The food was delicious!  I highly recommend the shrimp appetizer with a fava bean puree.  It was heaven.  The service was good - they had many "helpers" for the server, which helped things run smoothly.  I ordered the duck in the filo dough as my entree.  My only complaint was that it was overpowered by the pesto garnish.  Otherwise, the flavor was good.  We enjoyed the atmosphere and would highly recommend it.I was going to give Monsu four stars, but they lost one because I do not like the fact that the staff is dressed in plain clothes. Very messy and unprofessional. We couldn't tell who worked there and who was just walking by our table.
I ordered the lumache, and although it was tasty, the snails were not very fresh and they put too much sugar in the recipe. I also had the gnocchi, with sweet crab, pistachio, lemon tomato cream and that was good, but *some* bites of my dish had too much salt, and some bites had none. Very strange. I also ordered he chefs' selection of fish, and there also bites of my dish had too much salt, and some bites had none. My other friends also mentioned the same thing to me in regards to salt inconsistencies.
The restaurant is easily accessible, in an area that is easy to take the bus or train or hire a driver to drop you off. There is also good parking for scooters in the area.Delicious, and 11/10 service. Super accommodating, and great with a birthday. My only complaint would be that I wish there were more vegetarian options.Everything about this place I loved. Great service, very reasonably priced, and delicious food!! Not only did their tasting menu cost less than an appetizer and meal at a mediocre Italian restaurant , it's a BYOB ! It's located in the heart of the Italian Market ( across Sabrina's) so you know it HAS to be good ! 
Summary:
Great food
Good price
BYOB 
Good service
Don't be a dummy.Yessssssssssssssssss. Met friends here for dinner last night and could not believe it had taken so long to check Monsu out. My husband and I live one block away and are huge fans of Paesano's -- were DVRing their Throwdown with Bobby Flay as we ate dinner! Monsu was awesome - the menu differed than the one I had seen online, but I was so happy. We started with the grilled mozzarella (amazing), the crispelle special (also awesome), and did two half portions of pasta: the gnocchi (be still my heart) and the bucatini. For dinner, I had the lamb done "in the style of the horse." I had to ask what this meant because it is a bit scary! I learned that in Sicily, horse is sold as street food and the owner of Monsu wanted to replicate the preparation style, but substitute lamb. I was sold and it was delicious. Other folks at my table also had the lamb, the osso buco, and the meat with the egg on it. I forget what it was called - but there were no complaints. For dessert, we split the profiteroles and flourless chocolate cake. I went to the bathroom before it was served and when I returned, it was almost gone. I WAS NOT GONE LONG! :)
Also, it is so awesome that it is BYO. With the four apps, four entrees and two desserts plus nice tip for our really awesome server, each couple paid 90 bucks. A little steep, but we ate a lot. :)Monsu's interior decorator must be_______
  A. a grandma. or B. on crack.
Nevertheless, the paper doilies, awful color scheme and non-matching plateware did not prevent me from thoroughly enjoying my dinner last night. The Arancini may have been the most unique dish I've ever had in my life. As a fried ball of saffron rice with peas and short rib ragu over a bed of nuts, caciocavallo (an Italian cheese) and some other yummy items, I found the flavors and textures to be quite appealing. The entire menu looked amazing but in the end I chose a certain entree because I saw the words "gnocchi", "sweet crabmeat", "pistachios" and "lemon cream sauce"--SOLD! It turned out to be a great choice. It's always a huge risk when you order gnocchi, because so many places don't make it right and you could end up with thick, dense pieces of dough sticking to your gumline. This gnocchi was light and pillowy, the pistachios added a great texture and the crabmeat and sauce made for a winning combination. 
I love that it's BYO and you can get an appetizer and two delicious entrees for less than $50. And I even showed up in sweats because I had been out for a run prior and was not frowned upon by anyone!
P.S. In spite of the same owners, Monsu knocks Modo Mio out of the water! I've been to Modo Mio and their boring, overly salted food and unattentive service don't even compare.Had a mediocre late-lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  The food, in general, is quite overpriced - portions were very small. Spaghetti was over-seasoned. Chicken and waffles way too sweet. Sides are not included. Charming and rustic atmosphere, but just don't expect too much else.We had a fantastic lunch here! We came with a large group and they were able to sit us easily... probably due to the fact that it was so early in the day. They brought little complementary appetizers and service was impeccable. All of the food was delicious. I really wanted to try their meatballs but I also wanted it over some pasta. They were happy to accommodate. The meatballs were excellent, just like grandma makes! My husband ordered the meatball sub, which was also fantastic. Perfect spot for lunch or dinner in the Italian QuarterWent here for brunch with a group after the Broad Street Run.  We brought champagne and the mixings for bloody mary's while they supplied the orange juice.  
Everyone loved the food.  Highlights were the Eggs Basildict, the house-made scrapple, and the lasagna.  The Basildict, which when ordered the waitress said great choice, was a perfectly poached egg on top of italian sausage and focaccia, with a tomato basil type sauce on top.  It tastes so Italian, but has that poached egg, such an interesting and delicious flavor combination.
The grilled octopus appetizer was also a hit.  The home-made fresh out of the oven foccacia with olive oil and ricotta for dipping was fantastic as well.
The chocolate hazelnut torte was the best dessert.
The staff was super friendly, and was very helpful with suggestions.  Peter McAndrews stopped by the table to say hello.  It wasn't too busy, and we were able to enjoy a leisurely meal.  I wouldn't be surprised though if this place starts getting packed for brunch once word gets out of how good it is.I was ready to love this place. As  a sicilian american i was sure it would be the best. Well-- the wait staff needs lessons in manners. My dining partners were a bit unsure about their choices; our server made no attempt to hide her annoyance and really almost "bullied" them to speed up thier decision.A good waiter would have said, " Take all the time you need, I'll stop back in a minute." The pasta? The ribbon pasta with artichoke and mushroom was WAY over- salted, tasting of nothing other than mushrooms. I cannot imagine what a half portion would have been, since it was literally the smallest portion of pasta I've ever seen. The soft-shell crab was also over-salted. I am way over that place. Don't go out oof your way to eat there. By the way, apparently a 20 percent tip wasn't enough for our server; she practically threw the change at us. Bad manners from a waitstaff makes a bad dining experience.Just amazing.  I'm gluten free and there are very few meals where it doesn't present an issue.  They are beyond accommodating and the food is fabulous.  Very thankful that Monsu exists after our beloved Modo Mio closed its doors.Wonderful experience all around. I'm not a big fan of Italian food generally speaking but this food  was different. Really  well thought out  dishes, well executed, with attentive service. Will definitely  be  back.The food here is really great. From the amuse bouche from the chef to start off the meal, a little tuna toast, through all of the courses. The smokes mozzarella's garnishes really made the dish, and hubby really liked the duck meatballs. The fresh pasta was perfectly al dente, clean flavors with a hint of mint that made it really fresh. Lasagna, eggplant, and a whole fish later, we were all stuffed and ready for a walk to work it off. 
A few cons: despite having reservations, being called several times to remind us of our res, and it being nearly empty when we got there, they didn't seem ready for us at all. They sat us in an awkward corner booth that made it difficult for the four of us to converse comfortably. Our waitress was enthusiastic, but not super attentive once our orders were placed. And in the bathroom there's a framed photo of two dead pigs in a tray over the toilet. Luckily I didn't need to go til after the meal or I might've lost my appetite. Ge-ross.
Other than that, it got warm even with the door open, but it didn't get too loud.I had dinner at Monsu last night and it was a great experience. I am vegan and the chef made a special 4 course meal just for me. It was very thoughtful of them and the meal was very good. The staff was really friendly and made the experience even better. So if you are vegan or just want to try something different, this is the place for you.The food was AMAZING! $40 tasting menu, you can't beat that. Plus, it's not a fixed tasting menu. You are allowed to pick and choose what you want on the menu. The portions are also very generous. We had a party of 10 and they were very accommodating. One of my favorite italian restaurants in Philly. It's cash only and BYOB. Parking is street parking only and can be a little difficult, but worth it.Close to 4 stars but . . . There are some drawbacks at Monsu.  First of all, they don't have a website, so there's no menu to look at, so unless you check it out on Yelp, you really don't have any idea what's being served, how much it will cost or that it's Cash Only and a BYO.
That said, the place was almost full on a Wednesday night!  
The menu is quite large but not overwhelming, the best value being the $40, 4 course tasting menu which covers choices over the entire menu. Although told that the tasting menu has smaller portions than ordering A la carte, the portions were quite large. The Scallop appetizer as well as the Octopus, were delicious.  The Gnocchi was also very good.  
The "Rabbit prepared like Pork" although good was nothing special, as was the Trout.  A Veal chop with a side of spinach was good to very good.
We will definitely go back again because there are so many great sounding items on the menu.  There were 3 of us, with only one picking the tasting menu.  The bill, with tax & tip, one shared dessert and 2 Cappuccino's came to $140.Love the food.Been several times brunch and dinner.  Great gem.Monsu is my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Everything is absolutely delicious.This was my first time dining and it was great. Went with 3 other people, seated right away and we all enjoyed our meals. The trout special was delicious and I had eggplant parmigiana which was also great. Then hazelnut tiramisu stole the show, it was probably one of the best I've ever had. Our waitress was very nice and even when she needed help the hostess jump right in no questions asked. All the staff that came out to serve food was extremely friendly. I'm glad I live so close and can't believe I haven't been before. ATM on site and BYOB.I was there for dinner. The dishes were not warm. It was like they let the food sit somewhere for 20 minutes before bought it out. Disappointed!I was pleasantly surprised by this lovely place. I do not go to south philly a lot to eat but I met friends here for dinner. Absolutely amazing. The food is incredible and the service was great. I will definitely go back. Tip. Go for the specials. And the $45 four course menu. Delicious.My teenage son and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal tonight. I had the $40 four-course menu while he ordered a la carte. We were not able to eat inside (reservations are a must on Saturday nights). However, we enjoyed the outside dining experience. We enjoyed every item served. The mussels, octopus, and desserts--panna cotta and cannoli was what we ate--are made on property.After going to Modo Mio and Paisano's of course we had to go here. Went for brunch over the weekend with the wife and we enjoyed it. I didn't think the menu was very "brunchy" but the food was good none the less. Started with the scallop and endive that was delicious. The wife had an Italian take on Eggs Benedict (brioche bread, sausage and a hard cooked egg that should have been poached with a light tomato sauce) and I had the Gnocchi with Pistachio and lump crab meat. Overall our entrees were very good with the gnocchi the highlight I must say. We sat outside and the service was good. I do agree with other yelpers that the water glasses were a Little too small and the home made bread that was handlivered to the table wasn't necessary but overall the food and the service were top notch. The owner was on site as a camera crew from The Food Network was there filming and interviewing him. Seems like a nice guy as we exchanged pleasantries. Who knows maybe you'll see us on TV. We would like to try this place again for dinner.I went here two nights ago and was blown away!  Monsu doesn't seem like anything special from the outside but the food was SOOOOO GOOD.  We started with the sicilian grilled cheese which I was very apprehensive about because it seemed odd and large but it was outstanding.  Much smaller and different than I expected.  The stars were the pasta dishes that easily rivaled Le Virtu.  The cacio e pepe was incredible and I was licking the plate with my husband by the end.  I also got the lamb bucatini which was so delicious.  The desserts were all great, but especially the cannoli (which was surprising because I'm not a huge fan of cannoli but these were incredible).  All in all it was perfect! We will be returning, and soon!I would  give Monsu 10 stars if I could! I had a wonderful Saturday evening dinner at Monsu and would highly recommend this place to everyone.
I had the Lasagna which sounds boring but Monsu's version was anything but boring. Their Lasagna was made with sausage, cocoa, cinnamon, and topped with a fried egg! It sounded interesting so I decided to be adventurous and try it out and was blown away by it's unique flavors! The waitress described it as a dish for those who like Mole sauce and she was SPOT ON!
My boyfriend had the Chicken which was juicy and perfectly cooked! He complained that it didn't include any pasta but he's a man used to hearty meals... I thought he should have ordered a pasta dish with the chicken.
The service was excellent and although we had a reservation I was still surprised when we were seated right away.
The decor isn't great but it's very laid-back and typical for an Italian Market nook. The restaurant is super clean and lively without being extremely loud. There wasn't an empty seat in the restaurant the entire time we were there. You can tell Monsu has a huge following of regulars ranging from the young hipsters to the older Society Hill crowd.
Monsu has received a lot of hype and now I know why. I highly recommend you check out this Italian Market gem!I am so happy I just discovered this place.  Its a BYOB, the service is not rushed, and the food here is excellent.  So good in fact my girlfriend and I went on a Friday night, and brought her parents back the following day.  I enjoyed both dished I had. 
The first night we did not make a reservation and ended up having to sit outside.  I was apprehensive at first as a lot of places tend to forget they have outdoor diners.  However, my fears were unwarranted because the wait staff was very attentive, even preemptively bringing us extra water glasses and a wine chiller. For a starter we split the tuna tartar.  I was light and the caper and lemon drizzled sauce gave it the perfect refreshing touch. For the main course, I got the gnocchi.  I usually don't order Gnocchi because it is such a heavy dish, especially for the summer.  However, at the insistence of our very attentive and knowledgeable waitress, I ordered it.  I was so surprised at how light and airy the pasta was.  However, the sauce, while tasty, was not as flavorful as I would have liked. Also, they advertised it as a crab sauce, and the crab in it was scarce.  Overall, I would give the dish 4 stars, and I can say with confidence it is the best gnocchi I have had in Philadelphia. 
The second night, we went with my girlfriends parents.  We had the same waitress as the previous night.  And, she remembered not only our names, but what we ordered.  Once again, she proved very knowledgeable about the food and even suggested some dishes that might go well with the plethora of wine we brought. 
Now onto the food, for starter we ordered the "grilled cheese" special.  I have no idea what type of cheese they used, but if you go here and they are offering this app, it is not one to miss. For the main courses, my girlfriend's dad is a big eater, and the portions of the meat dish - lamb - was more than enough for him.  The meat seemed to fall tight off the bone, and was cooked to perfection.  This time, I ordered the spicy pasta dish, ragoo, which was exactly what I wanted.  Again, great pasta, homemade, with a spicy marinara sauce that was delicious.  My girlfriend went a bit out of her comfort zone and ordered the rabbit special.  I tried some, and it was delicious, not too gamy and spiced to perfection.  My girlfriend's mother order the gnocchi and was as pleased by it as I had been the previous night.
Overall, I would definitely recommend making a reservation, especially on the weekends.  The sitting inside is a little close together, and it gets a little loud so it might not be the best place to bring someone if you are looking for intimate conversation.  But, I highly encourage you to go and try this place, it is worth it!My father and I came here today for Easter brunch. We come from a very Sicilian family so our standards are high. The food was phenomenal, ambiance was pleasant, and service was wonderful. We ordered off of the brunch menu instead of the Easter chef's tasting menu. We had a scallop and lamb belly appetizer which was out of this world. For entrees, my father had the salmon and I had the eggs basildict. Everything was exquisite and cooked to perfection. This is a must-visit for those who are in search of a truly authentic Italian meal. Bravo!My experience was okay.
I went here for valentine's day. I made a reservation for an early dinner becuase modo mio was full and monsu  told me their reservations for a 7pm dinner were full. I got there on time for like 6pm dinner and as we were leaving at around 7, it was still very empty. Whatever, it's kind of a new restaurant and I changed my reservation 2 or 3 times. They probably thought I was flaky. Understandable.
The decor of the place was not very impressive. For somewhere very new, and charging as much as they did - I would have expected something that looked nicer - it looked more like a mom and pop operation than a forerunner in the philadelphia restaurant scene.
Anyways, onto the dinner. The server recommended us share 3 'appetizers,' or whatever they call them in italy, and a main dish each (secondi patti?).  We asked the waiter for recommendations and ordered those. The first couple courses were great, we loved them.
But as we were finishing up those first few courses and anticipating our main, we realized we ordered WAY too much, the server could not have been more wrong! We could have been done with those first few dishes and not had to order the $20 entrees each. Anyways, we ate what we could of what was in front of us. I think she had a salmon empanada, and I had a skirt steak? They were okay, the salmon empanada still had the skin on the bottom - which made me sort of apprehensive while eating it. And the skirt steak seemed to be drowned in butter. That's okay, we barely ate more than a few bites of our entrees and ended up packing them up to go. 
Maybe one day I'll go back, and i'll order a lot less. But first I want to try modo mio.Having been to Sicily I was excited to hear that this place served cucina siciliana. But afraid to say not a lot went well. It was so hot inside, tables were stacked next to each other so i felt like I was dining with the table next to our table and the dining room was soooo loud. Like why are people screaming? Not a good place for a date is the takeaway. 
Food wise the gnocchi was some of the best I've ever had. After that the food was pretty average. And the steak was inedible. Awful cut of meat. We hardly touched it. 
Come on! This is the Italian market. Expect more of our restaurants Philadelphia!For those of you who are trying to go to Modo Mio (for the first or 10th time), Monsu is a good alternative (still BYOB!). The only thing missing is the true authentic Italian vibe that Modo Mio has but that doesn't mean Monsu is lacking. We went on a rainy Sunday night to celebrate my "23rd" birthday (and it will ALWAYS be the 23rd one...) and there were only 3 tables filled, including ours. However, Monsu delivered; fresh homemade bread, attentive service, authentic Italian dishes. For parties 6 or more, you have to do the turista menu but our party of 4 decided to opt for it anyway. I started with the Cozza, a perfectly balanced mussel dish with a yummy red wine sauce. Next was the stuffed ravioli which was creamy and filling (no pun intended). By the third course, I could only take a small bite of the phyllo stuffed with lamb (but I devoured it the next day, still delicious in its soggy state). Don't let the small plates fool you - you will be stuffed! Finally, I opted for the panna cotta (my new favorite thing) with blackberries, which I had no problem having because you ALWAYS have room for dessert. They offered sambuca to help digest which was a nice touch. We all had a wonderful time and I would definitely come back here again.This place is great! Very phillly!  Small little place that is a BYOB with taste scintillating options on the menu all of which can be ordered via a exquisite tasting menu.  Also good place for last minute reservations.  Well informed and fun staff and service. 
Def go for a Philly experience of one of the best undercover foodie cities!This place is so great! We did the 3 course tasting menu for brunch for $25 and everything was so good. When we got there, they brought us complimentary pear and cheese appetizers. Then they brought us bread with this yummy butter/marmalade spread. For my 3 courses I got the scallop with lamb, a shrimp polenta dish, and the pana cotta for dessert. The service was great and everything was delicious! One of my friends is gluten free and they were very accommodating of her needs. I'll definitely be back!Delicious, well priced, good service, charming. Loved the smoked-tuna carbonara and brisket in ragù with egg.Every month, a girlfriend and I try a new byob that we've never been to.  Monsu had been on our list for awhile.  I loved the setting. It's got a great relaxed neighborhood feel.  We both did the tasting menu for $40, that way we were able to try a variety on items on the menu.  I went a few weeks ago. I can't fully remember everything we had, but I do know the meal was delicious.  I have recommended this restaurant to so many people since I ate there.  It's a byob which is great. Only downfall is cash only. Also the manager is awesome! After all the patrons had left, he sat and chatted with us for a bit. I will definitely be back!!A friend recommended Monsu to me and I will do the same in the future. Lots of unusual flavors. Fantastic service. The tasting menu is a great option for newcomers.Modo Mio's new BYOB sibling with a Sicilian, Southern Italian twist.  With its great corner location in the Italian market, it seemed as though stars were aligning to create another great BYOB with serious pedigree.
All the elements of Modo Mio are here,  similar with service and their menu structure (Yes, a Turista option for four courses is also available here - just ask!).
Strong and promising antipasti options start the meal on a high note, and then the subsequent Primi (pastas) and Secondis are not as strong.  As we were instructed, the emphasis here at Monsu is more on seafood and fish, but those options weren't plentiful and decidedly ho-hum: a bit overcooked, dry and served with a crazy abundance of salt, to the point that some of the secondis were nearly inedible.
Desserts, as with many Italian byobs, were disappointing, (especially the cannolis, whose filing and shell was entirely below average, Isgros please come to rescue)
Due to its pedigree, I'm inclined to chalk it up to growing pains and am willing to give it another chance, but with the plethora of Italian offerings in the city (and the new ones) that visit will not be coming any time soon.In town ftom New York.  What a find!  authentic, delicious Sicilian food.   We started with mussels, and Caprese salad (fresh mozzarella and beets) ,  grilled octopus with greens.  Next, a slice of heaven...Sicilian lasagna.    Service professional, courteous, on point.  Very nice, low light , atmosphere.  Be sure to BYOB wine.  My wife had main meal Tartaglia, pasta with artichokes , ricotta,   wonderful dish. I had special, sea bass, stuffed with Catalina beans, tomato, and green olives.  Everything was FABULOUS!  Not your traditional spaghetti & meatball place.  
We were in Sicily  2 years ago, and this is as close to real italian as it gets!!!Excellent food, service and value.  Everything tastes good and tasting menu is a bargain.  Noise level borders on intolerable. Don't take older people there.Possibly the best Italian food I've had since coming to Philly. We had the snails, octopus, and swordfish and all three were to die for. In true Italian style, the ingredients were fresh, and the sauces really made the dishes. BYOB and cash only, located right in the italian market. The atmosphere is very casual, and with the lights dimmed low, and the decor fairly minimal it's like you're enjoying a meal at a favorite relative's house.. albeit a house with a fabulous waitstaff. Very glad I popped in here for an impromptu supper.Monsu is probably my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  Definetly my favorite BYOB. Being a pescatarian I always try to find places that suite my tastes and my meat eating boyfriend. This works exceptionally well at monsu.  The range of dishes offered is immense and includes such fresh and authentic ingredients you feel like you stepped right off the boat to Sicily.  We have been here at least 15 times and it is consistant and enjoyable.  My personal favorite is the swordfish...I dream about it and also the original escargot is the best I've ever had.  My favortie server Kelly is always a huge help in suggesting dishes and even helping us pair which wines work best with dinner (we always bring a variety).  All in all if you are interested in getting together with friends for a relaxed and exciting culinary evening Monsu is perfect.  It also is an ideal date night spot where you can grab a table in the corner and feast of exotic cuisine.  I am looking forward to trying Popolino this friday which is another one of Pete McAndrews' ode to original italian fare! But from what I have seen, tasted and heard we will be happily manging.Came here for our anniversary dinner. And There was a MOUSE running around inside the dinning area. And when I told the manager about it quietly, guess what, He already knew!! He said that the pestcontrol people said that they were going to come the day after tomorrow. I really tried my best to not cause a scene but the mouse came right near our table and I had to walk out of the place immediately leaving my husband to settle up the bill.  My husband is actually of the opinion that one should not be surprised when they see mice in a restaurant. But I just can not accept the idea of rodents in the general dining area and the manager or the waitress didn't even bother to apologize!My favorite BYO Italian restaurant in the city. Atmosphere is homey and quaint. Have loved every dish ever ordered. Gets my vote for best tiramisu in Philly as well!Went to Monsu for the first time. The owner also has another restaurant Modo Mio that closed for relocation. We have been to Modo Mio before and absolutely loved the food so we had high expectations. Monsu did not disappoint. The owner Peter came to our table and greeted us. Our waiter James was great, he knew the menu well and was very personable. He suggested the tasting menu which is 4 courses for $40.00. This is definitely the way to go. The portions were big enough to share with others at your table. Every course was delicious. My favorites were the burrata from the antipasti course, the filet mignon with fois gras ( melted in your mouth) and a layered custard desert that was to die for. We overheard that they are changing the menu, I suppose for the spring. Can't wait to try it!Before heading over to the Expressive Hand to paint some pottery (highly recommended!), I stopped at Monsu to try their highly-rated brunch. It was a beautiful day, and my friend and I were happy to see the outdoor seating available. 
I ordered the scrapple/over-easy egg dish ($11) and my friend ordered the eggs benedict ($12) (I believe it was called basildict, but I can't find a menu online); we both really enjoyed our meals. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the scrapple was very tasty. The waitress informed us that it was made from left-over meat from one of the butchers down the street which was great to know. The foccacio with a pesto/butter type spread was delicious as well. 
We brought champagne and ordered orange juice, as well as some sort of carbonated lemony pellegrino drink the waitress recommended. Both were great with the champagne - I mean what isn't? - and were a great addition to the meal.
The prices are fair, the food is great and the service is spot-on. Monsu is definitely a fantastic addition to the Italian Market area. Gotta love a BYO brunch!Monsu is a must!! My husband and I have been going here regularly for more than a year and we started to wonder if we loved this place for real or out of habit. After a truly memorable meal here tonight, that question was answered...it is TRUE love. Tonight we had arancini, grilled sardines, gnocchi and stuffed swordfish. The arancini was flavorful and moist, the sardines were grilled perfectly with a citrus/asparagus/arugula salad that complemented the fish BEYOND well, the gnocchi were (as always) feathery light and expertly sauced, and the SWORDFISH?? I've never had that piece of fish handled so uniquely and cooked so well. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. The ambiance is casual and the food is so impressive and inventive - Monsu is a must!!!Very good food, authentic and flavorful. Bit salty. The items on the menu are much more unique than the usual Italian restaurant in the city. The pasta that is homeade is delicious!I'm not a fan. Food was cold. Flavors were off, service was slow. I'm not pleasedI love this place. I really, really do.  Everything about this place makes me happy.  The food is great, the servers are very friendly, and they have delicious gluten free options.  Simply put, they get it and they do it right.  The fish is always fabulous, the pastas are wonderful and they have some solid sauces.  The only thing they are lacking to be my favorite place in the whole world is gluten free pizza.amazing sweet breads and chicken crown special.... BEST Gnocchi i have ever had.... duck leg amazing as well and the scallop app was fabulous!  what an amazing addition to bella vista.... will be back again soon.  And the waittress... i forget her name but she was super on point and made us laugh! and the people next to us were super friendly... felt like we were at home in an italian womans house eating dinner with old friends and family.  love this place!This is my favorite place for special occasion dinners! The chef is so accommodating for people with celiac disease and gluten intolerance and everything I've ever eaten here had been incredible. Plus it's BYOB which is a major plus!I had the spinach omelette which would be best described as a fried egg around a huge lump of feta with dried spinach. The feta was very far from fresh, and the waitress seemed to think my GF and I were beneath her respect.  Too bad since they're in such a good location.  FYI cash only and BYOB.We went here for my birthday, and we couldn't have chosen a better place! Tasting menu is the way to go. Truly one of the best meals I've had in a very long time. Service was also lovely.Been here when it was Butcher's Cafe, Paesano's and now that it's Monsu.
Dinner was good, the highlight was definitely the gnocchi. I'd have to say it's not as good as their other restaurant, Modo Mio though.Excellent BYOB- Only down side was it took the waiter a little while to open our wine but the food was excellent !  Will go againMonsu is a fabulous place to go for a special occasion, whether it's to celebrate an anniversary, graduation or birthday, it provides the perfect intimate setting to enjoy good food and conversation.  If you enjoy fresh made pasta and interesting combinations, Monsu is for you!
I highly recommend the $40 tasting menu. My friend settled on just the pasta and missed out on the best part of the experience (even though I shared!)  You get an app, a pasta, an entree and a dessert (all slightly smaller portions than the regular plates, but still VERY satisfying!)  So bring someone with a healthy appetite - that way you can try more!  I wouldn't go here all the time - I don't really like being fussed over, but it's perfect for a big occasion.
They started with a slice of bread per person and delicious eggplant spread.  We could have just eaten that, to be honest!  Scrumptious!  I also noticed that they served every table a tiny complimentary starter before ordering food.  We received lemony tuna on toast - very tasty.  This just started us off on the right note - it felt like we really were in a family-run restaurant.
My friend had the ricotta gnocchi and was not disappointed.  They were obviously freshly made and served with crab and pistachio, as well as lemon cream!  The gnocchi dumplings were fluffier, creamier and lighter than potato gnocchi - a great surprise.  
I had the A'rancia (a rice ball stuffed with tuna and peas, mozzarella and plum tomato).  It sounds weird, but picture a giant meatball, just substitute it with rice and veggies, and cover it in tomato sauce.  Yum!  I loved the interesting texture the rice gave to it, it was almost like a hand made garden burger but in the form of a meatball.  The mozzarella gave it that cheesiness that the rice needed to be a bit creamier.  You could literally pull the cheesy rice apart to see cheese strings.  So good!
Next, I tried the Tagliatelle, which was housemade flat pasta which in itself was a star.  Very soft and perfectly cooked - It will make you wish you had time to make your own pasta!  It was served with a lighter sauce with artichoke, perfectly cooked mushrooms and lemon, olives and ricotta salata sauce.  Yum!
For the entree, I tried the Agnello, which was lamb served with potatoes and kale.  The lamb was tender and perfectly seasoned, and the potatoes and kale were the perfect side/topping.  
For dessert, I was so excited that they had Panna Cotta that day.  It really hit the spot - small portion of perfectly smooth panna cotta with candied orange peel.  I mean, you can't get better than that in terms of dessert.  I rest my case!
To sum up, excellent service (although very attentive, so if you'd rather blend in unnoticed, maybe go elsewhere), a fresh take on some classics and excellent presentation.  My only con was that even though we made a reservation, we were given the choice of two angled tables, while better tables were still open.  Not sure if they were saving the window seats for regulars, but the tables we could choose from were not where I would seat people with reservations when other nice tables are open.  I'll probably request a nicer table ahead of time next time I go.
Don't forget, it's CASH ONLY and BYOB.  :)Don't even know where to start .... All I can say if you haven't eaten here... You are missing out big time. The food is just superb, the service extraordinaire, the location just perfect... Did I even tell you that they have a variety  of awesome gluten free/ celiac options!!!  Best Sicilian restaurant in town.  CASH ONLY and BYOBI can't even begin to explain the level of mastery coming out of this kitchen. Every bite was superb! If you're ever in Philly, make sure to book reservations here. Hands down the best Italian I have had since Florence! FYI, do not expect Chicken Parm or meatballs here lolI had the chance to taste Monsu's octopus with mozzarella and marinara sauce dishes at the Philly Cooks event and I was hooked! That in combination with other's recommendations to try it out, I couldn't wait to go. We went on a Sunday night with a party of 6 and they were very accommodating even though we had a last minute addition and we waited another 15 minutes for the rest of the party to arrive. I would like to point out that even though they say they close at 9pm, they start closing the kitchen around 7:30 so they don't take reservations past that. 
Their policy for larger parties is that you have to do the tasting menu which is $40/pp. It wasn't clear up front, so that would've been helpful to know beforehand, but no big deal in the end. I think the tasting menu is a great deal for first timers since you can get a good sample of their different dishes. The tasting consists of 1 appetizer, 1 pasta, 1 entree, and a dessert. I can't wait to go back and order a la carte to get a bigger plate of the dishes we fell in love with. 
- I don't know what they do with their octopus, but man is it the most tender octopus I've ever had. It was exactly like what we tasted at the Philly Cooks event! They bread and fry their octopus and pair it with mozzarella, marinara sauce, and basil. This is a must try!
- The red wine braised escargot with mushroom was good too, but just too salty for me. 
- The lasagna isn't your typical pasta, cheese, and sauce combo. This had a generous serving of beef short rib layered between the pasta sheets and also really good.   
- The gnocchi was plump, fluffy, soft, and delicious! enough said!  
- The skirt steak had good flavors, but like the escargot it was too salty for me and others at the table. 
- Their osso bucco was really good. Great sauce and the pork was super tender. I could've done without the crunchy hazelnut. 
-  If you're a fan of cheesy and greasy dishes, the cauliflower side dish was really good too! I don't think there was a lot of cauliflower in it, but that won't stop me from getting it next time!
- Our favorite dessert was the budino.. not too sweet, hint of saltiness with the right amount of caramel. I'm a fan of Barbuzzo's budino, but this made it tougher for me!
I'm definitely getting the full sized octopus, lasagna, and gnocchi next time! I don't even care if I don't get an entree. Apparently they're the sister restaurant of Modo Mio, so I can't wait to get over there and try that place out as well. Keep in mind Monsu is BYOB and cash only.We had a wonderful experience, and food at Monsu's today. It opens at 5 PM. We walked up at 3:50 and my wife asked the three guys at the outside table where we could get a late lunch. One of them was the owner, Pete, who said you are welcome to eat with us if you can accept that we are not quite ready. 
Not quite ready? It was great! We were the only people in the place. We had our own waiter who did a very good job helping us select off the menu. All the food was excellent. We each took the $40 four-course meal which allowed us to select anything we wanted for each course. 
Both the owner, Pete, and John, the chef, spoke with us to make sure we liked everything. 
It was very nice for Pete to let us in early. He told us that his is a service business and if we want to eat then he will accommodate us if he can. 
Wonderful experience to end a great day in Philly. We will definitely go back many times.The food here was very good, but the service left much to be desired.  I went with one other person for a dinner, and we watched table after table of those around us get food and service before us, including those with large numbers of people.  
This all would have been well and good, because, as I said, the food was great, but we both lost our patience and asked for the meals to go as it took over 40 minutes for us to receive an appetizer.  The waitress, who had barely stopped over, apologized for any displeasure but they were waiting for my friend to come back from the bathroom before bringing out any food.  
First of all, they brought out the appetizer while he was in the bathroom.  Second of all, he was in there for 2 minutes, not 45.
An apology was fine, the blame game wasn't.  I wouldn't go back.Excellent Italian food .... Real! AUTHENTIC Italian and the only place in the city to get pumpkin pancakes for brunch! Owner Pete is an amazing chef, extremely talented!Lives up to the great reviews. I had the 4-course tasting menu for $40.
There was a delicious complimentary appetizer of something fried with lemon butter.
The first course was buffalo mozzarella on toasted bread with balsamic vinegar and Portobello mushrooms, among other delicious flavors. The second course a pillowy gnocchi infused with cheese and crab meat. Third was tuna with seared fruit. Everything was outstanding, fresh ingredients in novel combinations, in short an awesome foodie adventure. I would have happily paid twice as much for this meal. 
The service was fantastic, helpful and friendly. I can't wait to go back.Having persuaded several friends, who wanted to keep this place a secret, to divulge Monsu's particulars, we proceeded to have a splendid meal and experience there.  We can't wait to go back.  Food was superb, service attentive but not cloying.  We'll be back soon.Pretty cool place
I didn't know if I should make a reservation for this place considering it was the weekend of Christmas season and I'm glad I did. I made a reservation for a Friday evening at 9. When we got there we did find parking on Christian street and not too far from 9th and the parking was free. 
A few bad things first. 
We got there a little early, but had to wait beyond our reservation time for about another 20 minutes and there was no place to sit in there and wait. 
Also the noise volume was extremely loud and it was difficult to hear my wife. 
The gluten free bread was not good and I had better and the table we sat at kept rocking back and forth whenever we would lean on it to eat. 
Now the waitress was great. The gluten free pasta dish I had was great. I had Tagliatelle with like mushroom, thyme, etc. 
My wife had the cannelloni and  she really enjoyed it. 
We also had a side dish of their broccoli and it was amazing, but the more you ate the more salty it did taste. 
The price of the meal was reasonable. 
All in all we were impressed and would like to go back again in the future.Came in for Valentine's Day and had the 4 course, $40 pre-fixed menu.  The food was pretty good and the service was great. 
To start, I had the seared chicken liver with bits of crunchy pancetta in some kind of bean puree/broth.  This was the highlight of the meal.  My boyfriend had the fried oysters which were a bit too fried and overpowered the oyster.  It was also hard to find the oyster in the fried mass, since it was mostly breading.  
The canelloni with roasted cauliflower was fantastic as was the eggplant rollatini stuffed with burrata (a smoked mozzarella).  Although the rollatini was a tiny bit too salty for my liking.  
To end my meal I had the homemade cheese cake.  Oh, SOOO divine.  The crust was fantastic as were the dried cherries on top.  
I'm curious about the non-fixed menu so am excited to check it out a la carte.Oh my God, where should I start! Philadelphia undeniably has a lot of great food choices, but our dinner at Monsú was absolutely incredible. We stayed at an Airbnb by the Italian Market and were looking for an authentic Italian neighborhood restaurant. Not in a million years did we expect this quality of food. We came here on a Sunday evening and enjoyed the $40 fixe chef menu which was soooooo good. So many different courses, of which each one was prepared and cooked with love. Every single bite was heavenly. From the antipasti, grilled octopus, mussles, Arancini (risotto ball), to the types of pasta, five types of meat, rock salad, and three types of dessert plus sambuca and cappuccino to top it off...everything was DELICIOUS. Chef Peter came to the table to greet us and ask if we had any special wishes. And service was excellent and made us feel right at home. What an amazing experience all around. We will be back!!! They're also offering brunch on Saturdays and Sundays and have a weekday menu we look forward to trying. Hands down one of the best meals of our lives. Wow.I was here on Sunday with my girlfriends for brunch. We were originally supposed to go got Sabrina's but the wait as typical for a Sunday at noon was over 45 minutes. We didn't feel like waiting in the scorching heat so we headed to Monsu across the street. The service was excellent. Our waiter was very attentive. I can't believe this place doesn't do more of a brunch business. I have been here 3 times for brunch and thought the food was excellent each time. They also give you delicious complimentary bread and olive oil. My crab hash was awesome with lots of crab and left me very full. I also tried my friend's mushroom omelet and the mushrooms were so delicious. I also really like their coffee. And the prices for brunch are very similar to Sabrinas. Don't get me wrong, I do love Sabrinas, but I would head to Monsu for brunch any day over waiting 45 minutes for brunch at Sabrinas. It is also byob. More people need to give this place a shot for brunch.
I can't wait to come back for dinner.
They do not accept credit card so bring cash.Delicious. Our server, James, was friendly and funny and didn't make fun of me and my date for not knowing what anything was. The gnocchi melts in your mouth, they served olive oil mixed with duck fat and fresh focaccia and it was incredible. Top notch dessert, good cappuccinos and house made complimentary limoncello. Go early so they don't run out of the specials. Give yourself a few hours if you're doing the tasting menu ($40 for four courses, what a deal) because it takes a while. Great scallops.Just moved to the city and finally...Delicious Gnocchi. Great spot for drinks, good conversation, and a friendly staff. Quiet place, easy to converse. Service was quick, food was fresh, and staff was attentive. Really looking forward to my next experience here!First time coming here. Had dinner with friends and I can say that we all left really happy. The food was AMAZING!!! Even though we got the chefs menu, the portions were very satisfying. The only bad thing I can say about this place is that its cash only. Other than that, I will definitely be coming back.
PS: GET THE OCTOPUSWhat a great experience! The $40 tasting menu gives you a chance to really try out the different sicilian offerings, and the service is excellent. Everything about this place makes it feel warm and cozy, from the service to the ambience and the presentation of the food. Every dish my wife and I tasted was done to perfection. Highly recommended.The perfect meal to say goodbye to one of my favorite Philly Yelpers.
Our group of 10 congregated here to say Ciao to Michael G ( you all know who he is ) armed with copious amounts of wine and ready for amazing food.
Our server was super sweet and made everything sound so amazing we all had trouble deciding. As other Yelpers have stated the menu tourista is worth every penny and most of the table opted for that option. I cant remeber what everyone had just that i was happy about my entree choice of the gnocchi. They were perfect in every way.I stole a few bites of friends entrees and left feeling satisfied. The staff was really great with to our large group, we had a vegan dining with us and though i think her order was messed up they were super apologetic and fixed the mistake. The chef brought out an additional entree for one of the girls who really didn't like her goat dish, needless to say i was super impressed with the staff. Dessert was all the rage as we shared an assortment ending the night with fond memories with one of the most awesome people i've met in my life.
Having dined at one of the other sister restaurants i can say food wise this place is spot on but the atmosphere is slightly older than i would like. So its truth in what i said about Monsu being where you bring your wife and Poplino would be where you take your mistress ... MANGEWow! Wow! Wow! I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a very long time, as I pass by it often. I am rerely in the mood for Italian necessarily, and I decided when my partner wanted to have Italian food, that we would have Sicilian.
This meal was far from perfect being that there was two major glitches. However, I can say that I have never had a restaurant recover from two errors as well as this restaurant did. More on that as I continue this review.
We decided to do the chef's tasting for the two' of us. They allow you to pick one course from the antipasta, one course from the Prima and one course from the secundi, and then also a desert. We were very happy to be able to pick from the entire menu including their specials.
We actually dined there on the night of mothers day, so we knew that for mothers day they had done a tremendous brunch business and tremendous dinner business, and we were arriving for their last seating at 9 o'clock.
Despite that, they were not out of anything on their menu, and we were very happy to pick from what was an excellent menu.This was a very nice italian BYO in South Philly. It is very small, but does not feel super crowded. They offered a tasting menu, which seemed like a pretty good deal, but we chose to just pick a few things off the menu. Our waitress and the staff in general was very friendly and helpful, especially when it came to making sure we had ordered the right amount of food. So, here is what we had:
1) The scallop - Maybe the best scallop I have ever had. The only word I can think of for it was creamy, although, I am not sure that sounds very appetizing.
2) Pork Belly - Very good
3) Bone Marrow - This was a special. It was pretty good, but the best bone marrow I have ever had was still at Bibou. 
3) Gnocchi - They are known for this (I think), and it was pretty amazing.
4) Duck - I did not love this, just a little too rich.
5) Flourless chocolate tort - Good, but nothing to write home about.The food was really good. The $40 tasting menu is the way to go. 4 course meal with sooo much food. Really authentic Italian cuisine. The mussels with spicy red sauce were to die for. The reason why I am rating it a 4 instead of a 5 is because we had to ask to be waited on after sitting at our table for over 10 minutes.Solid 4.75. Delightful, delicious experience from the homemade bread to the dessert. Always appreciate excellent, knowledgable service. Enjoyed the chef's tasting menu: Arancia (crispy risotto+smoked mozzarella+nduja+orange tomato ragu) and buffalo mozzarella+roasted baby carrots+saffron crème fraiche for appetizers, then the sicilian bolognese(lasagna+sausage ragu+raisins+asiago+fried egg), agnolotti(rabbit ravioli+sage+brown butter) veal parmasean, and chicken cacciotore. Flourless chocolate cake and lemon blueberry cheesecake for dessert. We came hungry, left full, but not disgustingly stuffed!What do you get when you mix great food, a varied menu, outdoor seating, convenient location and BYO? A fantastic evening of food and fun! The gnocchi have been rated best of Philly and that rep is well-earned. The steak is out of this world. And the pasta dishes are perfection. And don't miss the escargot either. Or monsu as a whole!Ive had a great brunch here before but it's taken me too long to manage bigger meal and now I can say I've had an excellent dinner here.  The chef's tasting menu for $40 is quite a great deal.  I had more than enough to eat and each course was perfectly prepared.  Like Modo Mia, the owner's first restaurant that I fell in love with, the pasta is all homemade and in perfectly prepared dishes.  I look forward to returning often.  
If I had to make a criticism, I'd say it's obvious this location needs a face lift.  The vinyl paneled walls with photos attached (some no longer) with double-sticky back tape, is a little too old neighborhoody-joint-like for a kitchen with this level of food.  I understand that it's costly to do everything and if the food is this good, I'll have no problem overlooking the granny curtains and bright lights.This review is solely based on a couple bites of food during the Italian Market Festival. I happened to walk by the front of the restaurant, where my eyes fell upon beautifully crafted sandwiches being sold.
The one that caught my attention was a Italian sausage and meatball in red sauce with provolone and red pepper flakes on a seeded roll. I love me a meatball sub. Sausage sandwiches are great too. Why did I never think about combining the two? Add a little heat from the pepper flakes and you have one amazing sandwich.
Apparently it's the same people as Modo Mio, Paesano's, and Popolino. I've enjoyed myself at the first two and hope the rest of their food is on par with those few bites I shared with my wife.I went to dinner with a large group of friends and had a great time. No issues with the location (except parking is difficult to find), ambiance or wait staff. The menu is very ambitious though. We all ordered the $40 tasting menu which includes an anti-pasta, pasta, main course and dessert. The portions were smaller than if ordered individually but were still very filling. However, the consensus from everyone in the group (who all ordered different items) was that the food was good but too complex. There were too many flavors to handle at one time making some of the dishes difficult to eat. They had a few items that were simpler and very tasty--the beet salad and the lamb shank were tops at our table.
Overall, a good place with a great attempt from the kitchen at making a unique meal but far too complex to really enjoy.I was visiting 9th street with friends from out of town.  I wanted to take them to Paisanos, but we needed a place to sit since they had kids.  It was very hot out and we were desperate to find a place.  We stumbled on Monsu.  The host was nice and accommodating.  The menu was very interesting and affordable.  We were blown away by our meals.  It was a very welcome oasis on a hot day on 9th street.Infatuated. Have been at least half a dozen times, pretty much have tasted everything on their rotating menu. Best eggplant parm of my LIFE. I empathize for the wait staff (always friendly, often overworked) who have to deal with some of the ignorant newcomers who come in there. But they always keep their cool, keep an eye on you, and treat you right. Love the guido-style clientele there--a little loud, but that's part of being Italian--lighten up peeps!
My parents (foodsnobs) visited last month and truly believed it was one of the best meals of their lives. 
Great job Peter. Don't know how you do it all so well!I have been wanting to try Monsu for a while. Everyone I know who's been there has said it's amazing. Let me tell you, i was not disappointed. 
I made reservations (which i would recommend) and our table was ready right on time. The staff is friendly, if a little frantic and rushed. they started off with a free eggplant puree with sesame on a little cracker- i love starting meals with free things.
the bread- IS AMAZING. DEVOUR IT.
i had the eggplant parm. i am not even exaggerating when i say it was the BEST eggplant parm i have ever eaten in my life- and that includes a year living in italy. THE BEST. i would eat is daily if i could. 
my friend got the spaghetti with sardines, which was also delightful. we had bruschetta to start. yum. there was lots of yummy eggplant all over the menu, which clearly, i enjoyed. 
i will definitely be going here again. tomorrow. 
oh but also- it was loud. really loud. that combined with the somewhat rushed service is why i'm giving 4 starts instead of 5...We had two meals here during a weekend trip to Philadelphia - both delicious! Excellent gluten-free options. My friend, a foodie, thought the gnocchi was the best she's had. I loved the rocket salad and tagliatelle (with GF pasta). The only miss was maybe the broccoli rabe - over-seasoned. 
Cash only, and BYOB - bring wine, or champagne for brunch. Reservations probably a good idea Friday and Saturday night.Wow.  Thank you so much to the staff at Monsu for making my graduation brunch amazing.  Their gluten free options were amazing and the four people in my party who eat gluten free left with very happy bellies.  Even my dad, who is grumpy and was a little rude and hangry at first, left giddy and smiling from a delicious meal.  I will definately be back.  Highly recommend especially if you have gluten free food restrictions and love italian food.  Also it is a BYO so come with some wine to accompany your delicious food!Excellent Sicilian food. Everything from antipasta, pasta, meat entree to dessert was fantastic. A lot of options so you there's something for everyone. Highlight is the polpo, gemelli, and lamb. Owner Peter was so nice and hospitable. Will return again and again!My boyfriend and I went on a Wed.night @ 7:30.  The place was packed and we had no reservation.  Granted, it doesn't hold a gazillion people.  But I watched them, from my work, change from Paesano's to Monsu in a matter of days.  The change over was amazingly quick.  While i've never been to Modo Mio, I have always heard amazing things.  I tried Paesano's twice (cause I am bored with the food at the restaurant I work at), I was not wowed by the sandwiches.  
I met the owner on the street one day shortly after the transition.  We spoke for a while and I told him I'd be in.  So, when we discovered we couldn't get a table, I pulled out my "but Peter told me to come in" card.  They sat us in moments.
We forgot a bottle of wine (duh!) but it didn't matter.  We had two appetizers, a pasta mid course and two entrees.  The bill was more than i expected, but I didn't care.  The food was that good.  
My only gripe (coming from a restaurant manager) was the service.  Our server was lack luster and way too serious for me.  He came to ask us how everything was as he was clearing plates...too late for me. IMO, a sewrver should ask 2-3 minutes after your food goes out.  Plus, it seemed as if there was no mananger on the floor which always bugs me.
So, I take away a star for service. But everything else was A+.  
LaterMonsu was a great experience overall, though our dinner there was not without hitches. First, we waited twenty minutes without being asked for our orders or being offered any bread. Normally, I don't mind waiting to order and I generally like to linger at a restaurant because I enjoy the whole dining experience, but unfortunately, I had walked a mile to the restaurant and was starving by the time we got there, and was even hungrier twenty minutes later. However, the atmosphere inside the restaurant was cozy and pleasant.
Our waiter was incredibly helpful and hospitable once he got to our table. I enjoyed the crespelle appetizer, but was slightly disappointed by the gnocchi. The texture of those gnocchi is a thing of beauty, a cooking miracle, but I thought the sauce was too salty, and was made only more so by the addition of ricotta salata shavings on top. 
I would have loved to order dessert, but we had already been at the restaurant for an hour and had probably spent only twenty minutes of that time eating. I'll go back again, with the hopes that they've worked out the kinks that are to be expected with a new restaurant.I love this place !! The food is amazing and the service stuff it's wonderful ! Very cozy and accogliente ! If you want to have a real Italian meal you should definitely come here ! I have always had a great experience!!I came here with a group of 4 friends on a Friday night. Initially I had a reservation for 7, but my party size kept changing. The restaurant was very accommodating to our change in party size. I opted for the turista menu to get a taste of everything. $40 for a 4 course meal. Cash only and BYO! 
To start off, I had the polpo, which was an octopus salad with olives, greens and fennel mixed in orange marmalata. The octopus was super tender and actually paired well with the marmalata. I also tried my friends mussels, red and white, and both were excellent.
For my pasta, I tried the special- a rigatoni with lambchetta in a red sauce. The pasta and sauce were great, but the lambchetta was quite interesting. It tasted had a mealy texture and reminded me of bone marrow. I was not a fan. 
For my entree, I tried the bistecca, a tower with steak on the bottom, covered in prosciutto and provolone with a salad on top, and topped with an egg. Excellent presentation. It tasted good, but was a tad bit salty and the whole plate was drenched in oil.
For dessert, I opted for a traditional chocolate chip cannoli. The shell was fresh and crisp, but the filling had a gritty texture and wasn't sweet at all. I guess it was a healthy dessert. 
Service- the meal took us 3-4 hours... there was a lot of wait time between the meals, and sometimes we felt like our table was forgotten about. It was a busy Friday night and we could tell they were tight on tables. I think we definitely could've finished the meal in 2 hours and they could've seated someone at our table. But overall the staff are very friendly and helpfulThe food and service here is SPECTACULAR, they elevate traditional Italian to another level and are perfectly situated in the heart of the Italian market...5 stars and a must go in Philly!Monsu is one of my new favorite places in Philadelphia. Went with a group of about 10 people, and the majority ordered the tasting menu (a GREAT decision).  The food was delicious and every course was special in its own way. The place is BYOB which made it extremely reasonable in price. 
The chef came and spoke to us for a little which really added to the whole experience.  Servers were all very attentive and quick to open bottles of wine and get us anything we needed.  
This place is highly recommended- you won't be disappointed!Great byob Italian. Did the tasting menu -- gives you 4 options per person from the menu for $40. Nice way to explore the whole menu .Service was very good. Food was served quickly and was very good. I ordered the Americano which included amazing potatoes but in the eggs, there was egg shell which was very disappointing. It is also cash only, but there is a atm in the front.Went here last night and had an incredible meal - probably one of the best quality and affordable Italian BYOs that I've been in Philly tucked away in the Italian Market. We arrived on time for our reservation, but had to wait half an hour - initially a little frustrating, but the service, food and compensation more than made up for that! We were offered a complimentary appetizer and dessert platter which was extremely kind of them. The amuse bouche of apple with marscapone cheese on top with honey was an excellent start to the meal. The bread was so soft and with duck fat butter and orange zest it put it over the top. The mussels appetizer that we got to share as an appetizer was a hearty portion and a great way to start the meal. For the main course, I had ordered a pasta dish (cannot remember the style of pasta) with chicken liver and porchinis. My friends got the ricotta gnocchi with meat sauce, the chicken cordon bleu, the cacio en pepe, and the special of the day, which was a ravoltini stuffed with bronzino. They were all absolutely incredible - mine was the perfect balance between the earthy porchinis and the flavor of the chicken livers. Nothing was overpowering at all. The gnocchi were also cloud of goodness - would highly recommend that as well. The portion sizes were definitely filling as well, so come hungry! Lastly, the dessert platter consisted of a budino with rosemary cracker, flourless chocolate cake, olive oil cake with raspberry sauce, an almond panna cotta and a cannoli. All were delicious and easily shared among 5 people. This was an amazing experience and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone! The price, quality of food and ambiance is all a perfect combination for a BYO spot for a date or a group of friends.When people rave about a new restaurant, my knee-jerk reaction is to go. I will start off by saying that the dead plant in the window seemed odd, and rather careless. On to the pro's and con's:
Pro's:
Gnocci - Some of the best I have ever had.
Bread: Fresh and excellent. They should serve it in a bread basket, as opposed to serving it to each person individually on multiple occasions. A time waster for all.
Con's:
Small water glasses - It needed to be refilled multiple times. The carafe should remain on the table, and replenished as needed. The host pretty much spends most of his time refilling your glass, as opposed to checking in on your meals are.
Restarant Temperature - Warm and stuffy (they need to use the ceiling fans) or turn on the AC. It does not make for a pleasant dining experience.
Wine Glasses - Too small. Larger ones would have been preferred.
Slow Service: Only two waiters, and one host. All I am going to say is they could use a few more hands. It would create less of a chaotic scene throughout the meal.
Oil/Butter Concoction - Not sure what to have made of it. I would have preferred that they kept it simple with olive oil with a few spices.
Most of the dishes that were ordered by the rest of my dinner party were given mediocre reviews. All agreed that they would not return.
I too will most likely not return. Too bad because I was hoping that it would be love at first sight. Not so much. On to the next..I was looking for a nice place in my new neighborhood to take my parents and Monsu totally fit the bill: A cute little cash-only BYOB with a charming atmosphere and attentive waitstaff. I couldn't believe we were able to walk in on a Sunday night with no reservation! 
The menu is extensive and there is a 40$/4 course fixed price option, which is really nice. I had a hard time choosing a main course because there were so many interesting options. They also gave us a complimentary tuna amuse bouche in addition to their house-made focaccia and tapenade, which was a nice touch. I don't eat meat, but my parents both enjoyed it. We got the caprese salad, the green salad, and the fried ricotta to start. All the ingredients were fresh and tasty, but the fried ricotta could have used either a sauce or a crispier batter in my opinion; just something to add contrast. For my main course I had the ravioli with goat cheese and basil, sweet yellow peppers, and extra virgin olive oil, which was rich, decadent, and beautifully presented. The plates were just the right size too. Overall a great dinner. It's intimate, cute, but not overly fussy, which makes it a solid spot to take a date as well.Just had a completely perfect valentine's dinner at Monsu. I can't say enough good things about this place. The food is creative, interesting, fresh, beautiful and takes you a little out of your comfort zone and then rewards you for it. Just fantastic!! Great service, super friendly, attentive but not overly so. This dinner reminded us of why we adore the restaurant scene in Philly.
We had: a gorgeous little amuse bouche of tuna in olive oil on bruschetta (YUM), ricotta gnocchi with the most ridiculously good cauliflower, octopus salad with just the right amount of spice and acidity, chicken liver custard (sounds gross but was amazing, needed more pizzelles!), bistecca with bone marrow (not something I would normally try but ended up being a salty little treat), and hands down the best swordfish ever (everything's better with a fried egg!). Great desserts, cappucinos.
Four stuffed thumbs up. Monsu, we love you!First time to Monsu. Food was wonderful, complex, interesting. We got the $40 tasting menu which is a bargain for four courses. Service was good. Unfortunately the sound level in the place is simply intolerable. We had the misfortune to be near a table of six yuppies who talked non-stop in loud voices about their wonderful lives. One of their group videotaped their meal almost non-stop, moving around the table, even going outside so he could shoot the wonderfulness from the street through the plate glass windows. Sure to be posted on FB by now I'm sure. The restaurant is all hard surfaces, floor, walls, ceiling and huge plate glass windows. So sound ricochets back and forth. The din was tremendous and seriously detracted from an otherwise memorable evening. This could be addressed by management, if they care for their patrons comfort.One of the better meals I've had in Philadelphia. I had never even heard of this place until the day I went. A really cute BYO, it feels like you're in someone's living room. It's a tiny spot, but super charming. 
We did the tasting menu (definitely recommend):
I had the leek/pancetta/scallop appetizer, it was incredible. My friend got the sample platter, which she loved. I had the gnocchi for my pasta, she had the canneloni (both were excellent)
For the main course we split the mpanata (the goat and cheese stuffed pastry), and the swordfish. The swordfish was good, a little too salty for my liking, but the Mpanata was one of my favorite things I've eaten recently. It was so unique and delicious, I highly recommend it. 
For dessert, my friend got the limoncello cake, and I got the zeppoli's, also incredibly tasty. 
Best part was the end of the night when the waiter gave us a taste of his homemade apple pie moonshine--YUM
I highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back!!Best bread and oil I've ever had. Great coffee. Cash only, but worth every penny. I will literally dream about their bread tonight.Amazing Italian food... Literally everything on the menu tastes awesome. It's really low key- yet popular so you definitely need a reservation. The staff is so friendly and accommodating. The chef/owner is an awesome guy. Always comes out to check on his customers to make sure everyone is satisfied. I'm a pretty picky eater and they never ever have a problem making me something that's not on the menu (lemon garlic shrimp scampi pasta). I will always recommend this place to friends.Incredible, would absolutely recommend to anyone wanting to get a true taste of the South Philly Italian Market!"I wish that Los Angeles had a restaurant like Monsú" is the refrain that my wife and I kept thinking and saying last night as we dined.  We we're lucky that they were able to accommodate us without a reservation though the restaurant was quite full.  After sitting down, a very nice waiter explained the concept (a largely Sicilian menu). As soon as we were seated the chefs brought out arancia which was pillowy on the inside and perfectly crispy on the outside. For 45/head you get a 4 course meal.  Portions are generous.  For our antipasto course I had the beef carpacio is the best I have had, my wife had the calamari salad (amazing flavors and not rubbery at all as calamari usually is).  For the pasta I had the tortello, with an egg yolk that runs through the lamb ragu filling as soon as you break into it.  My wife's pasta (a larger form of bucattini) with vegetables was delicious as well. For our entre course, she had branzino which was the star of the show; beautifully flavored and delicious overall.  I had the steak entre which was cooked to perfection (medium rare and tender), the only downside to this dish was the saltiness from the prosciutto that is on top of it (not exactly my cup of tea but delicious nonetheless).   Desert (panacotta and tiramisu) is great as well.
Service is great as well and this is a family owned and run place.  
If I lived in Philly, I'd be here every week.I had high hopes for Monsu after reading the Yelp reviews, but was disappointed.  First, the service was very inattentive so that we felt neglected as we slowly pined away without water refills or air in the corner of the overheating restaurant.  Secondly, the food was very salty.
We started with the Zucchini/Escargot special (which we thought was just a Zucchini dish...so we had a little unexpected protein).  The dish really ended up having more cheese than vegetable, so it was like a gourmet mozzarella stick.  
Half-sized portions of pasta are available (but not as an entree), so I sampled the Gnocchi with crab meat - it was in a tasty sauce that overhwelmed the flavor of the crab.
For my entree, I ordered "Goat in the Style of a Horse", which was a completely unenlightening description, but had come highly recommended.  This was a good dish with tender meat, but it also had too much salt (especially with no water in my glass...)Last minute dinner for 14, we had the 4 courses for $40, food and service on point. The food was rich and delicious, definitely would recommend and go back for more!The Mahi Mahi was like cardboard.
 There was mozzarella in a fish stew.
 The gnocchi was extremely salty. Service was almost nonexistant. Should have stayed home and cooked. I have been here before and it was good. Not sure what happened, but won't  go back.I had to call Modo Mio to get a phone number for Monsu, which has moved into the 9th and Christian location that housed Paesano's.
I snagged a table for that night, and ended up sitting between two parties who were both talking about the soft opening, which had coincided with the thundersnow on Wednesday.  Despite the quiet opening, Monsu was packed, with what mostly seemed like either Modo Mio regulars or McAndrew's devotees.  Nothing wrong with either one of those, and there wasn't much wrong with our dinner either.
The pastas were the definite standout; the gnoccolis and ricotta raviolis were great, and for those who are used to the Modo Mio turista menu, these are much larger portions.
The only hiccup came with our check, when the addition didn't quite add up.  Actually, it added up a little too much, not in our favor.  It was fixed quickly, and I've got no doubt that Chef McAndrews will have another hit on his hands.We were last at Monsu 5 months ago and were quite excited to be coming here tonight with four friends who hadn't dined here before. Unfortunately tonight's dinners were quite a disappointment. The waiters were all attentive and engaging but that didn't make up for over salted, dry and skimpy dishes (and we didn't order the tasting menu). Almost every dish was a miss. The waiter was very apologetic and did everything he could to address our concerns, but the food was not up to par.We ate there with friends last night. Our first visit, over a year ago, was definitely better. This time, nothing tasted good--the special app, sardines, was both bony and salty. The rolled veal slices tasted funny-- perhaps it was the peach compote on top or the salty filling.  My partner's Sicilian paella was "foul", his blueberry dessert very runny. No wonder the place was two-thirds empty!Before I go on to describe my experience, I have to admit that I was a friend of a friend of the owner.  When the waiter knew that, he offered us certain extras. That said.
the ambiance.  The place really needs some help.  Shabby chic is one thing, but Monsu is just a clumsy mess in appearance.  It doesn't have to be fancy.  But, at least set out the floor and windows in a neat, clean way.
Service: rather slow.  I don't mind waiting for good food, but there is no reason to sit and wait and eventually have to request the menu.
the food: WONDERFUL
We were three and we advised the waiter that we would like to create our own tasting menu.  This was not a problem.
We selected a variety of dishes from the three courses.  All were exceptional.
Octopus salad - perfect.
Scallop on blini- wonderful
Snails- exceptional.
Desserts - delightful.
The only troublesome dish, while in concept excellent, was the pork.  The preparation included pork dressed in prosciutto, anchovy, capers and an egg.  There were just too many salted additions.  It killed the pork.  I would say, leave out the anchovies. Too strong for the other elements, especially the egg,.
Otherwise a great brunch.
the first current restaurant where I had trouble finishing my lunch.
Excellent!The $40 Tasting Menu is an absolute bargain given the quality of the food and service.  Two of us dined and chose different items so we sampled a broad variety. The meal started with a delictible amuse bouche, which I always find to be the sign of a chef who is passionate about cooking for you.  So kudos there!  The bread was served with an amazing spread made from duck fat -- I'd like to buy a jar of this stuff because it was OMG DELICIOUS!  Gnocchi (course #2) were to die for and the Mussels in White Sauce (course#1) were very delicious.  Octopus was very good, but I think Dmitri's still wins the Best in Show for octopus.  The rabbit main course was excellent and both of us agreed that the fish special (Barramundi?) ... not so great.  Finally, dessert -- I'm not a dessert eater and asked if they'd be willing to do a small fruit / cheese plate in lieu of the dessert course on the 4-course tasting menu and they were happy to accomodate.  Overall, very very good and would definitely go back.Hidden gem in the Italian market. I have been to a several Italian restaurants in Philly since I moved here and this BY FAR blew all the other places out of the water. From the cozy, inviting atmosphere to the charming and attentive staff, I sincerely felt like VIP for the entire experience. Beyond that, the food was out of this world, authentic, clearly home made, creative, unique and fresh. The tasting menu was reasonably priced for everything you got and...OH and its BYOB. They basically had to roll me out of there by the time I was done. It's the kind of place that you eat beyond the point of full because it's just that good. Highly recommend. Please go if haven't already!My go-to place for a celebration dinner. The meal is worth every cent I pay for it, every single time. What more could you ask?don't tell anyone this place exists, then it would become too popular and you won't be able to get a table. Food is amazing, but again, keep it to yourself.If I'm not mistaken there's some sort of proprietary connection with Modo Mio?? Well like Modo Mio, Monsu is totally inconsistent. The first time I went- delicious. The second time- not so much. The apps were by far the real stand outs of the meal. The arancini, rice ball stuffed with short rib ragu and fried (really you had me at short rib ragu), was phenomenal the first time I ate it, and not so much the second time around. The ricotta gnocchi was delicious, and the ricotta really lent a nice lightness to a heavier dish like gnocchi. 
For my main course I had goat the first time and another meat (I'm blanking) the second time around. I was struck by the more than prodigious use of arugula on both. The arugula tasted the same on both and lent nothing to either meat. Sale on arugula??
For dessert we ended with a almond milk panna cotta, which was divine. Really some of the best panna cotta I've had. So its a nice meal, but a little inconsistent, and please please add something else other than arugula to those main courses...Omg .....my fave restaurant in prob all of North America ....I can't believe this place ..it's a true hidden GEM ....honestly amazing ..I come here every time I'm in Philly and when I'm not in town I can't wait to come back just to eat here . The Lamb is to die for . 
2 thumbs up for the chef and owners . Bravo !After falling in love with Modo Mio and Paesano's, it was a no-brainer that we had to check out Monsu.  I called on Friday for a reservation for Saturday and was told they could seat us at 9:30 pm, which is a little late, but I expected it when calling the day before and was excited to get any time.  
Yikes, our experience was soured right when we got there.  The person that seated us asked if we had a reservation, yes, for what time, 9:30...then immediately looks at his watch with a furrowed brow.  We were perhaps a few minutes late, but not by much?  Then upon being seated, the guy giving us water seemed really frazzled- not even opening our bottles of wine and just running off.  We sat there for about 15 minutes without any service and finally had to ask someone if we even HAD a server.  It seemed like a lack of communication, which I understand, but it was not a good vibe for the rest of the meal.  It felt as though we were not welcome and everyone wanted us to leave as soon as possible.
Now, on the other hand, the food was excellent, and seeing as this is the most important part of a restaurant, I still have to give 3 stars.  We ordered 2 appetizers, 2 pastas, and 4 entrees between 4 people.  That along with the delicious bread was probably just enough, if not a little too much, food.  My favorite items were the grilled octopus appetizer, crab gnocchi pasta, and the lamb "in the style of the horse" entree.  All of these are amazing.
Seeing as we have never had any problems with service at Modo Mio, even with a table of greater than 20 at one point, I will be more apt to go there in the future over Monsu.  It was very disappointing to have such excellent food to eat but feel as though we were being rushed to eat it.  I wish they had simply said they didn't have any openings rather than giving us a late reservation.This place is amazing. The best food I've had in south Philly at an unbeatable price. They do a chef's tasting menu for like $40 I think and you get a starter, pasta, entree and dessert. And sometimes they give you a side as well, but they may have stopped doing that. Plus it's BYOB, so it's an incredible date night deal.We went here as a group and had a great time. We all tried different pasta dishes and sampled each other's. Everyone commented on how good the food was. I thought the appetizers were especially great and delicious, and the bread they brought out to the table was great as well. It came with olive oil and eggplant, which was unique and tasty. We also loved that it was BYO. I think the highlight of the evening was DESSERT. Wow. The chocolate torte was delicious. And at the end of the meal, I was full, but not too full. The one thing I will crique was the food presentation - for the cost, I thought it should have been presented with a little more flair.North Africa collides wiith Italy.  Major league foodie thrills here, folks.  Also a classical small Philly BYO.  The staff was great, the atmosphere cozy and homey, and you're likely to have fun people all around.  Great warm, jovial, kind vibe.  And the food is truly memorable.Currently, this is my favorite restaurant in Philly. Staff is welcoming and attentive and educated on celiacs. Additionally, most items can be modified to be gluten free which is much appreciated as a celiac. My gluten loving counterpart also loved everything he ordered. The ambiance is warm and welcoming. Make reservations, bring a great wine and remember that it is cash only restaurant and enjoy. Incredible meal that we are still bringing up several weeks and many restaurants later!This review goes out to our server, Kelly. 
Dear Kelly,
Thanks for putting up with my abrasive hung-over friend. He was terrible and you handled it with humor and grace. Thanks for keeping our coffee cups filled and tummies happy. Thanks for the extra bread and speedy service. 
Lovies,
Stephanie
Ok. Now on to the review of the restaurant... I came here for the MOST BANGIN brunch in philly. My favorite part was there was no lines and no waiting. The suckers across the street at sabrina's were waiting for an HOUR AND A HALF for (sorry) overrated food! Monsu is trying SO HARD to be a step above the rest, and it shows. Even their bread is amazing! And the ricotta/oil spread (with fresh orange zest) is sooooooooo good and unlike anything I've had! I love the effort and the amazing service. The food was simply fantastic. There are a million restaurants in philly and a million places to get brunch so what does it for me is the atmosphere and apparent effort put forth by management - Monsu's got it.The Why:  From Peter McAndrews and the folks behind Modo Mio and Paesano's with a great location in the Italian Market and Brunch/Lunch Hours Wednesday to Sunday this one was a no brainer for me when planning the trip to Philadelphia.  Borrowing from traditions and techniques far and wide with a menu both sweet, savory, familiar, and obscure the only question on making a reservation was what I would order since more than 75% of the menu looked divine.
The Reservation:  A Cash Only BYO on a Wednesday at 1:00pm - I did not need a reservation, but I made one anyhow.  During the course of my meal only two other tables were occupied, and between their seatings I was the only patron in the restaurant.
The Space:  Small and cramped with hard-wood floors, hard wood chairs, and multi-colored plates with blue tablecloths and rustic drapes plus homey wall decorations and knick-knacks the best way I can describe Monsu is like dining at a friend's house - or perhaps that of your Italian Grandparents.
Service:  As you might imagine, being the only guest dining at the restaurant for the majority of the afternoon I was well attended to.  Seated across from the coffee area with a direct view of the kitchen the skeleton crew of two chefs and one hostess/server/busser was friendly, efficient, and fun - everyone smiling, chatting, and stopping by at one point or another to see how I was enjoying the food.
The Food:  Water, Bread Service, One Appetizer, One Main, One Dessert.
Focaccia with Eggplant Olive Caponatta:  Much like at Modo Mio and Paesano's, the team at Mosu bakes some superb bread and loaded with olive oil and notes of rosemary this bread would have been fine on its own, but it was far better with the briny caponatta featuring fibrous eggplant, at least three types of olives, and pine nuts dredge in olive oil.
Gnocchi:  Technically not an appetizer but ordered as one none the less, these dense little ricotta dumplings were a bit heavier than their traditional potato or semolina counterparts, but paired with picked jumbo lump crab, sliced pecorino cheese, crumbled pistachios, and tomato cream sauce it would have actually been difficult for a less hearty pasta to stand up to such heft.  Smooth and creamy paired with crunchy and briny the crab unfortunately got a little lost in the mix, only showing its characteristic sweetness when a particularly large piece was present in a bite, but all things being equal this was still a really good plate of hearty pasta.
B'stilla:  Game meat stuffed in crispy phyllo; McAndrews and team had me at hello.  Rich and nutty, lean but certainly not dry this dish was essentially a rabbit hand pie buried beneath a mountain of sour green apple salad and pickled mushrooms resting atop light pistachio pesto - each flavor bright and bold, the acid and sweet acting as a foil to the heft of the protein while the pesto lingered on the finish.
Parfait:  With no specific dessert menu aside from the chef's whim, Monsu's daily dessert that day was a glass of Angel food cake, caramelized bananas, and nutella whipped with ricotta topped off with crumbled house made biscotti.  More or less a dish that could not fail I will note that all-in-all the angel food cake could have stood to be a bit more moist, but perhaps that was a result of my palate having shifted a bit after experiencing the pound cake from Stock's earlier that morning.
The Verdict:  Another winner from Chef McAndrews and a great chance to experience a truly unique French-slanted take on Italian Cuisine at a bargain basement price I only hope that the empty dining room during my visit was an anomaly; it would be a shame if more people weren't experiencing such excellent cuisine an area where there are far too many spots slinging sub-par checkered tablecloth red-sauce Italian at tourists.  Perhaps not as refined as the Vetri quartet I still contest that McAndrews' spots are every bit as important to the Philadelphia culinary landscape and I'd gladly revisit any of them anytime.I've been hearing about Monsu from a friend for a while and finally got to try it- my only complaint is WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG TO GET THERE? The food was incredibly delicious (kudos to the chef), the service was impeccable, and the cost- well, I've never eaten more for that price! I can't wait to go back!Mind boggling. So incredible. We must come back. On Sundays, it is family style prize fixe. 8 course feeding menu.  4 course on weekdays. Say hi to awesome Mia. So. So. Great! BYOB.Just returned from dinner at Monsu. We enjoyed the food, but we left feeling we did not have a good dining experience. Food-wise, there was excellent bread with a good tapenade/olive oil dip, good fresh pasta (some is freshly made, some not), and good salads. The sardines were not good, which is inexcusable in a place that considers itself Sicilian. Also, there was no pasta with sardines option, also a surprise. The main problem was the service (sparse) and the general feeling of rush. The priority seemed to be to get the food out fast (and perhaps the customers as well). No one ever came by to ask if everything was all right (I would have told them about the sardines and also that my husband would have liked some pepper on his salad). It seemed that our waitress was over-assigned. She was rushing about and seemed to be covering everything and everyone, but we were left to feel that no one was really tending to us. She was pleasant and accommodating when taking our order and then it was time to be scarce. I would give it one more try because of the occasionally good food that we ate, but if we have a similar experience, then that will be it. Adio!The food is great but the staff is what really sets this place apart.  Our server Joe was very attentive and friendly.   Hands down the best Italian restaurant I've been to.I thought it was just ok. Their $40 prix-fixe option is pretty good - you can choose one dish per section. 
The goods: scallop and chickpea crepe w/fresh mozz apps. Lamb entree was pretty good as well.
The mehs: Gnocchi w/crab (very salty, nothing special) and dessert
Cute spot, but in a city with so many Italian restaurants, not sure this would be my go-to anytime soon.The grilled octopus was one of the best I've tried in Philly! The beet salad was pretty good, but the burrata could have been creamier.
Entrees-excellent!! The Tagliatelle pasta was delish and ourata fish was VERY good. Yumm......
Cannot finish the review without raving about the cannoli!! I'm not a cannoli person, as hard as that might be for some people to believe, but after Monsu's cannoli, I have changed my mind! The cream is absolutely wonderful. The tiramisu was very good as well, but overshadowed by the cannoli. ;)
All in all, thoroughly enjoyed this night out. Will be back for more!One of the best brunches we've ever had in our lives! The octopus was amazing. The marmalade and ricotta spread...we were speechless. And staff were exceptionally sweet from the moment I made the reservation. The food was just so beautiful. Thank you!Enjoy eating here when i`m in South Philly.But whatever happen to Chicago Allie.She was the best person working their.I don't dish out 5 stars easily.  Rarely do I have experiences where I feel every aspect is executed as well as it can be done, but after dining at Monsu twice in the last few months, I can say they do it and make it look easy.
Every dish from amuse bouche to entrees to desserts has been creatively constructed, perfectly prepared and professionally/pleasantly served...totally satisfying in every way.  
Every staff member we've encountered has been super friendly, professional, sincere, happy and all this while working their asses off.
I'm confilcted over writing a review like this because I don't want it to become impossible to get a reservation on a weekend but Monsu deserves success.  They earn it!
My two favorite Italian BYO's in Philly - Monsu & Melograno!I have been here twice, and twice too much.  The service and management are the worst I have ever experienced.  I was willing to write off the first episode, but the 2nd time was WORSE.  There are way too many great restaurants in Philadelphia to waste your time and money here.  AWFUL~~~!!!!