I am not an indian food type of person but this place lives up to the hype. When you go, just let Hassan make something for you, don't try and overwhelm yourself with the different options. Make sure to get a chaat and a lassi as the two really complement one another.Amazing place for lassi and chaat. The chaat is elegantly presented and tastes like traditional Karachi chaat. However, the chaat isn't as nearly as good as the lassi. It is soft and creamy and sweetened beautifully. Will be coming back for sure next time I'm in the area.A must go-to place if you're in University City. This place's chaat and lassi are to die for. It tastes fresh and refreshing, and will fill you up. My recommendation for chaat: go for the mild, even if you like really spicy food. It's not because it's super spicy (it still has a kick though) but because the balance of flavors is better with the mild chaat. The spicy chaat, the spiciness overpowers the rest of the goodies and it gets a bit too saucy for me. As for lassis, I've had the mango, rose, and mint - all I would recommend.First word! Amazing... The owner 'Hasan' is an artist. My husband had a bad cold but wanted to try cafe's lassi... Hasan made sure my husband not only enjoys the Lassi but also catered his sore throat with a medicinal combination. It tasted amazing.
I wanted a spicy Chaat... Its been ages I had such a perfect chaat... Spice, taste and innovation all came together. Must say, have never had such a chaat even in India. 
I wish we had one in Milwaukee. We will make more trips to Philli again to eat in ur cafe, Hasan Saab! :)One of the best meals I've had in recent memory--I can't wait to go back!I've been to Desi Chaat a lot and wanted to try another place, so I went down the street to Mood Cafe.  There is one guy behind the counter who spent a while asking me what sorts of food I liked and what spice I can handle.  I asked him to explain all of the ingredients and he went through them one by one.  It was very informative and interesting, and I appreciated his excitement and knowledge about the different flavors and combinations.
We eventually decided on the crazy chaat, a blend of a lot of chaats.  I say "we" decided because he took my feedback - and perhaps my mood - into account.  I would venture to say the chaat was life-changing, but I'm also a huge fan of Indian food and chaat so count that as my bias.  In any event, because of the good vibes of this place and the ridiculously delicious food, I will surely be back.I used to live right next to Desi Chaat House and pretty much went there just for the grab-and-go mango lassi. If you're in the area, Mood Cafe is definitely the better out of the two. Depending on how busy they are, they will walk you through what exactly each chaat is (and what chaat is if you've never had it), and will make recommendations for whether you are craving something spicy, savory, sweet, etc. I've stuck to the lamb and beef chaats, but all of them are pretty tasty. Customer service definitely prevails on this one.I stopped by this place for an after school snack and am going to make it a weekly installment.  The owner was extremely helpful and welcoming and could tell that I didn't have any chaat experience, so he gave me a crash course.  We decided he would make me what he deemed to be a good chaat for "beginners" and he made me one of the best things I've ever eaten!  The flavors were so unique and balanced and went so well together!  The mango lassi was also delicious.  Definitely come here and try the chaat, even if you are new to it.  This place couldn't be friendlier!Just so you know, I now eat a chicken chaat from Mood Cafe at least once a week. They are so amazing and unlike anything I have ever experienced before. I would attempt to describe a chaat as "Indian Nachos". It is crispy chips, chick peas and potatoes topped with fruit, nuts, sauces, fresh herbs and chicken. The flavor is ADDICTING! :) The samosas and lassis are also fantastic. Thank you Mood Cafe for introducing me to my new favorite food!Best Lassi I've had in Philly. The owner is super nice. The chaat is perfect. I've lived here for years and this is one of Cedar Park's best.Wow ! Surprising combinations of delicious flavors. Ordered the Punjabi after being told "there's really no way to describe it", but it was amazing !
The guy working seemed like he was doing a great job, but that he needed more support for how busy it was. Hope he gets it !Awesome service and really great food. Split a samosa chat and bhel puri chat with a friend, on Hassan's recommendation. Both were great and tasted surprisingly different. 
I went in around 5 PM on a Saturday, so there was no crowd. Definitely going to be coming back again, no question.Well, honestly if I could give zero star than I would; because it is extremely Americanized not close to being Indian. The items on the menu are a complete creation of the owner.  For example, There is nothing like salad chat or a tandoori tikka chat in india. So if you are looking to eat real Indian chat, than I would not go there. I don't know how the place got all the positive reviews, maybe some free food for reviews, who knows. But this review is coming from an Indian who loves Indian food and has explored many Indian restaurant serving Chat across the country. I know it's a bit harsh, but the goal is to give  honest review of the food, without being rude. I hope it helps!!Love Mood Cafe! The owner is very knowledgeable and is willing to take the time to make sure you get the best chaat. One of my favorite places to get Indian food in the city.
Plus if you ask for mint in your drink, he picks it fresh from the bush! What could be better than that?Hassan is definitely one of the most deserving businessowners I have ever encountered, and I'm extremely proud to keep going back to support Mood Cafe whenever I'm in the area or want to bring a friend to try out someplace they've probably haven't ventured to. 
I stop by probably at least once a month when business brings me to the West Philly (as in, past 44th street) area, and each time Hassan is extremely friendly and willing to explain new things. He even gives large samples of his famous lassis, and I think the first time I came here he gave mine to me free! Definitely made me come back again and again. By now, I just end up getting the mango lassi because it's one of my favorite drinks (not too sugarly, but sweet enough to satisfy me and cold enough to refresh me). I usually bring a gluten free chaat back for my boyfriend, and while I'm not a big fan of chaat in general because of its spices I do enjoy nibbling a few bites off his plate, since all the ingredients are crispy and fresh. The only reason this didn't get 5 stars is that it's slow sometimes to get your order when there's a line, because there is only one employee and he painstakingly makes each order by hand (and with a smile!), so it sometimes gets me a bit impatient..but I would not compromise the fantastic service for all the quickness in the world, because that's what makes this place so great!Mood Cafe could be the bench mark for quality service in the food industry. Never before have I been greeted so warmly and had so much time spent in finding the perfect meal for everyone in our party. This alone is worthy of the rating, and yet the food is equally amazing. 
Hands down the best lassi's I've ever had, and the chaat was so uplifting and thoughtful. Mood Cafe goes above and beyond every expectation a person could have.***Just Another 5 Star Review...***
There is a reason this place gets five-star after five-star review. 
The chaats are priced similar to the ever popular Chipotle burrito bowls, but the comparisons end there. 
The menu can be overwhelming, especially if you don't even know what chaats are when you walk in. Just let the owner, Hasan, know it's your first time. He'll work with you to create a "simple" chaat for your liking.
"Simple" only being a relative term. I'm not sure I ever had a meal with so many flavors. And not only that, but they all worked together so well. If it was as simple as warming up some chicken and randomly throwing in a handful of a bunch of spices, Philly would be full of 5 star restaurants. Mood cafe has chaats down to a dime. It's quick, relatively healthy and filling too. 5 stars as far as I'm concerned. 
Hasan will also refuse to take your money unless you are satisfied with your meal. He's well aware of the success of the business, as he showed me his five-star Yelp average on his phone. I don't blame him...after all, its rare for a place with this many reviews to consistently get so many top reviews. And as recent reviews show, Mood Cafe isn't coasting on its Yelp fame by lowering quality. Its a tragedy there isn't a second Mood Cafe in NY, but then again, another location might not be able to retain Mood Cafe's magic (I'm convinced the NY Han Dynasty dandan was subpar compared to Philly locations). I guess I'll have to return when I'm in Philly. Until then, keep up serving delicious chaats, Mood Cafe!
FINAL VERDICT: Definitely worth checking out for the chaats.I was lured to Mood Cafe by all of the positive reviews, and it has since become one of my favorite spots in the city to grab lunch, and I always stop there when I go to West Philly. 
There are so many flavors going on in this chaat, many of them I'm not accustomed to together. Looking at it, you're wondering how it can all come together, but it somehow does, and does extremely well.
As other reviewers have mentioned, the owner is really friendly, will happily cater to your tastes, explain what's what, and walk you through the menu. It shows that he is passionate about what he's doing, and enjoys exposing people to new tastes. However, the last time we were there he had mentioned that he would probably be working out of a new restaurant that he opened, so I can't speak for the new guys.Fantastic selection of Lassi flavors, and if you try one you don't like he will make you a new one for free.  
Equally high quality selection of Chaat.  Never been disappointed and visit once a month at least.  
Super casual take out place.  Only a few seats.  Not a place to bring people to sit down.
Must try place for smoothie and chaat loversSamosa chaat is excellent. I got it wild (extra spicy) and it didn't disappoint. 
Staff is friendly and courteous. Highly recommend if you're in West Philly or visiting.Let me first start by saying this is my first ever Yelp review and I am only writing this because: THIS.PLACE.IS.AWESOME.
The food is fresh, unique combinations, and you can tell its made with love. The owner is very welcoming and is willing to accommodate specific tastes. If you are in the area, or not, definitely make it a point to try this place. 100% recommended!Not your regular naan and curry. If you want to try something different, something a little lighter, definitely go to Mood Cafe.
Mood Cafe serves up a variety of chaats (snacks), which are essentially crispy flakes mixed with dates, different spices / sauces, meats (optional), beans, potatoes etc. I asked the owner for recommendations, and he recommended me the chicken salad chaat (medium spicy). You cannot go wrong with that! It's a burst of flavor in your mouth and feels healthy at the same time. I wanted to order mild (because though I like spice, I can't take the heat), but I am glad I went with his recommendation for the medium spice. It was perfect (not too spicy at all)
The lassi selection here is probably the most extensive I've seen. I ordered a mango and also tried some of my friend's honeydew. They were both delicious!
The space is really small with only a few seats, so it's better as a take out spot. What brings this place to 5 stars is really that the owner is so friendly! It was a great experience.Came here on a Friday night right before close. These guys have a ton of opinions between the Lassis and the chaats. It does get a little overwhelming to say the least but in a good way. Had a mango lassi which was good. Chaat wise had the crazy, papri and chicken tikka. All were good, the chicken tikka was probably the one in there that I raise the most questions about. But good stuff overall will def be back.A fabulous place to grab an eclectic snack while strolling down Baltimore Ave . . the fresh-squeezed juices taste like they were spiked with happiness :)My roommates and I just moved to the city and are so happy we found this spot. Known as traditional Pakistan street fare, Mood cafe serves over 60 different flavors of lassi (a milk and yogurt based drink) and chaat. 
Hasan is the super friendly owner who held our hands through the entire ordering process. He's definitely made life long customers out of us. One roommate in particular was skeptical but is leaving the happiest of all. My roommates both got the chicken tikka. I got the lamb chaat on a salad. It's the perfect combination of spicy, sweet, savory, salty, crunchy, and creamy. You must get a lassi to complete the meal. I had mango, and my roommates had blueberry mint and piña colada. 
It really is a special place. You won't leave disappointed.Hole-in-the wall lovers who prefer specialized foods, this is the place for you.  Mood Cafe only offers lassis and chaat, but are darn good at the two things they offer. I had never tried chaat before but loved the combination of flavors, colors, and items in my mysterious dish. The lassi sizes are generous, and not that sweet. The owner was also super friendly which was a nice cherry on top.
Chaats at $8 and Lassis at $4 are not cheap, but the place is definitely good at what they do. What a place to treat myself once in a while!I've been visiting Mood cafe for a while now. I only tell Mr. Hassan that I want lassie or chaat; he takes care of the rest. I don't even choose because I trust his choices. Right now I'm having a lassie made with mango, banana, strawberry and pineapple. If you forgot to eat your fruits any day, just go for this lassie.This place has really gone down hill.
I always order the same thing - the vegetable samosa chaat - and the last few times it's been a different assortment of ingredients. Today my partner picks up my order and it's in a weird salad container. It was 90% chickpeas, a soggy, in edible mess literally SWIMMING in sauce. Never again.I have been here twice since it has opened. First of all, great signage. It is extremely clear what your options are: Lassi, fresh fruit juice, shaved ice, milk shakes, and ice cream amongst other options. There are a few interesting flavors that I have yet to try, including the salt lassi (buttermilk) and sandalwood. 
The owner is extremely nice. He takes time to talk to customers about what goes into each item that is ordered. He's also plied us with a few generous samples of milkshakes, lassi, and ice cream. 
I have had a strawberry and mango milkshake so far and have sampled lassi ordered by a few of my friends. Everything was tasty. You know when a milkshake is good and everything is where it needed to be. We also sampled the fresh watermelon juice. It was like drinking a watermelon. 
FYI, the shakes are lighter than the lassi, so if you want something on the lighter side go with one of those. 
It is really nice to see a shop akin to an ice cream parlor in West Philly, especially one as unique as Mood Cafe. Go order something!I leave very close to Mood and it is one of my favorite places in West Philly. The Salad Chaat is my fave and it's even better when you add chicken. The rice pudding they keep in the fridges opposite of the counter is killer.The owner is super friendly, encourages you to try different things without giving off any sales pressure, the food is delicious, the mint and honey lassi is delicious! I have already planned what I'm going to eat on my next 2 visits! Don't forget about dessert, either! He gave us a sample of the carrot halwa with rice pudding and it was to die for! We left very full and incredibly satisfied.I stopped by there today with my boyfriend before he had to go to work. I've lived in West Philly for almost a year now, this was my first time coming in to order. I had heard great things about the Mood, and even had a friend bring some food home for me to try and I loved it.
The man behind the counter was very nice and acknowledged it was our first time there and explained what chaat was, how it was made and how he could make it for us. He said if we didn't like it, we didn't have to pay. I wish I had enough $$ to give him a great big tip! It was DELICIOUS! Mine, and my boyfriend's plate too;D Cashews and yogurt and fruit and veggies and grains and beans and crunchy things and ever so perfectly spicy!
I want to make the Mood Cafe a regular take-out and eat-in for me. So impressed!I was walking by Mood Cafe about a week ago and had my first Lassi (strawberry) and I was not disappointed. Very delicious! My friend actually saw the owner hanging outside and they insisted I tried one! I loved this place. The owner was friendly and the place had excellent customer service. I would definitely go back. PS I was actually on a date at this time, I highly suggest a detour to this place if you are out on a walk in the area on these summer days!!It is hard to believe that I ate at the same place that got all of these rave reviews.  I ordered the chicken tikka, which consisted of some microwaved morsels of chicken and rice, accompanied by a large quantity of yogurt.  The yogurt was cold and partially frozen.  I love frozen yogurt, the type that is supposed to be a substitute for ice cream, but this is not what we were dealing with here.  The dining area was clean but sterile, without decor or other touches that could have made it a comfortable place to hang out.  
But the big problem was that the food was simply disgusting.  I don't like paying at a dining establishment for chicken that has been reheated in the microwave.  And when you reheat chicken that has already been cut into small pieces, it quickly gets rubbery. Add the icy yogurt, and you get one big EWWWWWWW.  The best part of the meal was that the worker behind the counter gladly provided me with a large tap water on ice, at no charge.  I have noticed a trend, at other low end places, of refusing to provide tap water, charging for it, or giving it in an exceptionally small cup.  But when ice water is the best part of your meal, you know a place has problems.Definitely the best Indian I've had in Philly so far, and ranks up in the top Indian places I've been to. Would definitely recommend!Hassan always surprises and delights! The other day he had some free time and asked my friend and me what ice cream flavors we liked - and made us banana caramel ice cream shakes on the house!After reading so many positive reviews on Yelp, I just had to check this place out.
Upon walking in, I could tell that Mood Cafe was unique. The man behind the counter just about welcomed us with open arms, asking us if we'd been there before, if we knew what chaat was, etc.
My friends and I looked at each other, then placed our orders of chaat and lassi. What is chaat? To this day, I still have no idea. It's a colorful mixture of spicy meat, vegetables, crispy pieces, yogurt, almonds, chickpeas, potatoes, dried fruit, and about six different sauces. Never in my life have I experienced so many flavors and textures in a single dish. Fortunately, the mixture is both delicious and satisfying. The spices deliver just the right kick to pair perfectly with a sweet, cool lassi. I'll be back to try the other chaats. In the end, what really sets Mood Cafe apart is the exceptional service. The man behind the counter is friendly and loves to share his crazy concoctions with people whether they are first-timers or longtime customers. Heck, some of Starr's restaurant staff could learn a thing or two.
Mood Cafe is a neighborhood gem. So if you're craving something daring, give it a shot!SUCH a nice guy, and really delicious lassi (although it makes you SUPER full after awhile)! The owner is incredibly friendly and nice, and let us try a ton of different samples, including his precious rose-flavored stuff. A little bit far from center city and campus.I love Mood Café. So many juice and lassi choices. Like others here, I heart the carrot juice. The chaats are so flavorful and perfectly filling. You can't go wrong with anything you order. Hassan, the owner, will help you select an item or tailor one to suit your taste. The friends I've introduced to Mood have thanked me for it. What a treat on Baltimore Ave!I really wish I could base this review on the food, but I didn't even get a chance to order.
Initially, I looked at the menu for Mood Cafe, but accidentally called Desi Chaat House. I decided to just roll with the mistake and order.
After picking up the chaat from Desi Chaat House, I thought, "Damn, that Dhokla chaat on Mood Cafe's menu sounded bangin' and I could eat 3 orders of chaat by myself!"
I call Mood Cafe and no one picks up. Maybe, they're busy.
I go inside and there are two customers sitting down awaiting their order. The worker was behind the counter with his back turned making their lassi, so I just say hi -- not rushing you or anything. He turns around, looks at me, and goes back to work.
Alright, whatever. Maybe he wasn't in a chaat-y mood?
Another customer rolls in and walks to the counter. The worker suddenly comes over to him to shoot the shit like they're old friends.
Nope, I'm out.
I've worked retail before. I can understand if you're busy and can't pick up the phone or take down my order right away. But ignoring me and then dropping what you're doing to talk to someone who came in afterwards was just bad customer service.
From other reviews that I've read, the owner is fine and friendly, but the younger employee isn't -- especially, when it is just him there.
I'll update the review if/when I get to actually try out the place.
Edited for clarity, because someone/Yelp thinks that I posted this to the wrong restaurant.Mr. Hasan Bukhari introduced me to the many delights of Chaat, a "wonderland of flavors." I got the Chicken Tikka Chaat, with salad, crisps, chicken, yogurt, dates, chickpeas, lentils, mint, mango, strawberries, oh just YUM! And I washed it down with a Mango Lassi, yogurt-based drink that was to die for! YOU HAVE TO GO! Inexpensive and delicious! Try to avoid the busy weekend peak times, as this place can get packed and there is little seating area (mostly takeout). Enjoy!This place is amazing. We looked through the pictures on Yelp and saw the various chaats and lassis and we just wanted to try it out to see if the hype was real.  We walked through the door and looked up at the menu board and felt a bit overwhelmed. We knew what we wanted but the owner gave us a nice intro into the world of chaats and how he prepares them.  He made us feel welcome and comfortable and we really enjoyed the additional service he provided right off the bat.  Now let's get to the food!
Chicken Tikka Salad Chaat:  The chicken was absolutely delicious!  Fresh chicken with the same great tikka taste mixed in with salad greens, chickpeas, cranberries, juicy mango slices, and all of the chaat accessories as the base. It was well worth every penny and every bite just made you want to keep going. Many restaurants that offer chaat have a bland taste and sometimes its either too saucy or their isn't enough of the sauce to coat the chaat but this place had it just right.  I'd highly recommend the chicken tikka chaat or chicken tikka salad chaat for first timers.
Paneer Tikka Chaat:  Spicy, sweet, and tangy at the same time with every bite.  Cranberries with paneer were a great combo and the shredded paneer blended in well with the chaat mixture.   The mixture of sauces were perfect and the crispy chaat pieces were crunchy all the way through the meal.  No sogginess = more taste!
Now for the lassis:
As someone who is critical of lassis and find that most stores just make glorified smoothies with mounds of sugar, I found the lassis at Mood Cafe rather pleasing.  I ordered the blueberry and peach lassis and both were pleasing.  The blueberry was a bit more tasteful than the peach lassi and I'd highly recommend it for first timers.  The peach was a bit more difficult to taste but it was still a positive experience.  Both lassis had just enough salt and sugar and not overwhelming to a point where you'd feel like you've had enough.  
Final Conclusion:  The owner is a terrific person who really works hard to please his customers.  He's mastered the chaat world and anyone who wants to experience good chaat and have a positive experience, they should definitely stop by!This place is fantastic!  I went for the first time today with a friend and had an amazing experience.  I must have looked lost reading the menu because another customer stopped to offer his recommendations.  Hassan upon learning it was my first time for chaat told me he would explain everything and the menu would only make me more confused.  He spent more than five minutes explaining what a chaat was, how he made it, and the differences between the different menu offerings.  He told me that number 9 was the best place to start for the beginners and asked me my spice preference.  It was really nice that he explained the process and paid careful attention to my preference (when I said I wanted spicy but wasn't sure if that was American spicy or Indian medium he gave me American spicy and put hot sauce on the side so I could customize it).  He told me that he would guide me through the menu and options on subsequent visits.  I really like that he sees it as a 'journey' through food.  We ate at the restaurant; there aren't a ton of seats but a lot of people get take-out so its not an issue.  Hassan brought us small glasses of Banana Fig Lassis so we could try them.  When we had finished the meal he asked how I had liked it and explained how chaat isn't something served in restaurants because of the complexity, variation, and customizable character.  He said each menu option was characteristic of the cuisine of a certain region, but that by no means these were the limit to his food creations.  Hassan truly approaches chaat as an art - it is completely customizable.  He let me try each of the crunch toppings individually so I could get a sense of the ingredients and how chaat is composed. He said you can only find mango lassi at Indian restaurants, but he figured why not have a rose lassi or a passionfruit lassi.  He promised he could make any kind of lassi or milkshake I could think of - which I take as a desirable challenge :)  He even gave me a spoonful of the rose petal jam he uses to make the rose lassi.  He says he makes it out of real rose petals, not just extract so it has real rose flavor.  It was awesome and I'm definitely going to order a rose lassi when I come back.  And for those wondering what chaat is its basically a salad on crack - it has a thousand ingredients, spices, sweet, sour, spicy, salty crunchy, balanced, and fantastic.  I definitely recommend it!  Overall the experience was fantastic as was the food.  Hassan is truly what makes this restaurant special.My favorite place in Philly. Love the crazy chaat and rose lassi. Possibly the nicest owner on the planet. You must eat here.The mood café is a  cozy place on Baltimore avenue providing delectable tasty dishes and my favorite Lassies. There are over 50 different lassie favors. I visit the mood café several times a week every week. The owner Hassan is a remarkable gentleman that takes great pride in his business. He makes an awesome chatt and puts the same awesome love and effort into the next persons  order for a lassie or chatt dish. This place is very well know, the line that I run into on most visits speaks that truth for itself. Pina Colada, Guava Red Watermelon, Apple Banana, Honey, Peanut butter banana, Peaches & Cream and the list goes on, they are all delicious, delicious, delicious.  I am nowhere near done having all the lassies that are offered. The mood café offers awesome service from a very warm and personable owner and great lassies and chatt, I am so glad this place exit, I LOVE IT.The service was warm and friendly. The food was good, but felt heavy on the fried chips, and had a processed food feel. There is no way this place should be number one on Yelp Philadelphia restaurants.
The best chaats in Philly might be at Indeblue.   Or tiffin bistro.  Or high end Tashan.
Good food here, not great, middle of the pack.This place is worth the glowing reviews and  5 stars it currently has. Small clean dining space but the important thing here is the food. The chaats are truly a flavor explosion that is custom built for you. I order spicy and find it perfectly so, not too mild but doesn't leave me in tears. 
The number of lassi flavors and combinations are impressive. I've only had Cardamom & Mango so far but both were delicious!Hasan is one of my favorite people
I've ever met.  Expect him to go into great detail about what chaat is, with a huge smile.  I've seen him give this spiel half a dozen times ("a little sweet, a little spicy...") and he clearly revels in it every time.  I've been in a couple times with my father and he always asks how my "daddy" is.  For my fiancé and I, a staple of weekends when the weather is nice is stopping into Mood Cafe on the way to Clark Park for a lassi, some chaat, and of course, some great conversation.  
The menu looks quite complex, but I'm pretty sure the only real differences are the types of meat and how spicy you want it (he always makes mine mild for me), and he basically makes the rest of it up.  The salad chaat is amazing, although don't look for it on the streets of India, as he admits to it being a personal creation.  The lassi choices are also a bit overwhelming, but don't worry, you can't go wrong.  Personally I love the honey papaya.  If you order mint, he will go pick it from where he is growing it under a tree outside.  And always expect Hasan to give you a second cup with what wouldn't fit into the first cup, because that's just the kind of guy he is.The absolute best place to go in West Philly! Hassan will make your day by welcoming you to his home! He will ensure you are happy with every choice of lassie or chaat, and always entertain you with something special. Hassan is a gem here in West Philly and I always look forward to being here. Let him suggest new Flavors and things if you're adventurous - hell always make sure you're happy with his creation. :)Nice place. They seem to be going for Guiness world record for most Lassi and Chaat flavors. Not only that, the food is also good. the Chaat looks a little strange. I must admit I was apprehensive, but once I tried it it was quite good. I had the Kunna lamb Chaat and my wife had the Chicken Keema. We also had a Lychee Lassi and a Date Almond Lassi, along with a sample of one that had strawberry in it. Only downside is this place is a bit of a hole-in-the-wall with very little seating. Probably better for takeout, although we were able to get one of the three tables when we were there.Well, the one star is cut because..
1. I found the lassi that we had were a bit too watered down.
2. The chutneys used in the chats were not the best, had some clear artificial colors, which in my opinion are unnecessary..
May be it is because we had higher expectations ( we looked up yelp before we went there), and we are comparing with some other fares we have tried, but I am sure you can get better..Mood Cafe was a surprise. I had never had Chaat before. For that matter, I had never heard of Chaat before. After traveling all over India, I was wondering how in heaven's name I had never had this dish because it was really delicious!  I tried both a chicken tika and lamb chaat.  Both were 5 worthy and dollar for dollar will fill you up!  The lamb was the best in terms of flavor.  I also tried the multi berry, blueberry and pistachio/almond lassies and the latter was the best but all were fantastic.  Their website only has a fraction of what is actually offered.  Over 60 lassi flavors and many chaat combinations. I ended up going back a second time and would rate it perfect both times. Anytime you are only Baltimore Street, I'd definitely stop by!The customer service here is as good as it gets, to the point where I would probably come in every once in a while and order something even if I hated it, just for the sake of patronizing such a friendly local business.
Their lassis are incredible, I have yet to try one I didn't like. I'm partial to the mint flavor. Also the plain sweetened lassi is surprisingly good. 
I enjoyed the chaat but it's not something I order regularly. I find the menu a little confusing - there's no explanation as to what the ten different kinds of chaat listed on the chalk board consist of. Some kind of printed menu with in depth ingredient descriptions would be handy. It's not that the owner wouldn't be happy to explain everything to you, it's just that I like to have something I can look at while I decide what to order. I've yet to try a wrap, which just showed back up on the menu again.
Of the available desserts I've tried one, a pudding-like cheese dish that was rich and delicious. For me this place is really all about the lassis but for people who don't fixate on one menu item like I always do, I'd recommend trying just about anything here and you probably won't be disappointed.I've been here 4 or 5 times now- both by myself to get takeout and walk to few blocks to my house or taking other people to discover how delicious the Chaat at Mood Cafe is. Like many other Yelpers, I first discovered Mood Cafe while wandering down Baltimore Ave looking at Yelp, and seeing the 5 star rating, I knew I had to try it. When I walked in and told Hassan I wanted a specific dish (from the large blackboard filled with goodies) he made sure I knew what Chaat was (I did not), then explained (he always explains it as a mixture of sweet, spicy, all these flavors together. Which seems to open up more questions than answers, but I do not complain). The combination was incredible. I spent the next few days dreaming of returning again. And I did again, and again. Delicious, yes. But it is so affordable that it can actually be a regular hangout ($6.99 for veg chaat!). 
One piece of advice, don't bother going for the meat Chaat. They are equally good, but more expensive and take longer. And I am generally partial to meat myself.I went in yesterday after seeing all of the glowing reviews. I walked up to the counter and asked the owner for his recommendation. I've never had Pakistani food before and my friend had never had chaat or lassi. The owner  (who was just a joy to talk to) gave us thorough information about what they offer, what's popular, and some background information about Pakistani food. He was so nice and I didn't feel as if he was annoyed by our ignorance of Pakistani cuisine; it felt like he had a true desire to share Pakistani culture. He even told us if we didn't like it, we would not be charged. This man is definitely a genius when it comes to business; he's so polite and customer-service orientated. Our food was amazing (I had a spicy chicken salad chaat and my friend had the regular spicy chicken chaat) as was the lassi. It really is refreshing to be able to walk into a small business like this and have them make you smile from the service and the wonderful food. 
Do yourself a favor and stop in here. This place is an absolute delight.I was curious to try Mood Café, but had no idea where to begin. The owner quickly stepped in and provided the best customer service by explaining the different types of chaat and combining my food preferences into an amazing dish. There is truly something for everyone as each dish can be a custom order and the owner excels at cooking for everyone's palate. I had a refreshing vegan mango lassi and my friend ordered the mint one -with fresh mint picked from his sidewalk garden. Mood Café is a welcome addition to the Baltimore Avenue shops and I can't wait to see what mood I'm in/food I get next time I'm there.Everyone in the neighborhood raves about this place. Our first time here outside of the dollar strolls. My wife had the Samosa Chaat mild, the proprietor suggested I have the Mastana Chaat spicy. Topped off with a Mango Lassi. Each excellent!  We'll be back!Quaint delicious indian food cafe. We walked into this cafe expecting great food and service and that's exactly what we received. Almost everyone that walked in after us had the same story how they have heard of this well kept gem, yelp! 
The owner was very friendly and helpful. I let him know I was vegan and immediately he knew what should meet my requirements to make the food friendly. I actually never had chaat before but it sure was delicious. If it is your first time visiting the place then the owner will whip you up with a starter to get you familiar with the cuisine. A meal consisting of mangos, dates, dried cranberries, chickpeas, potatoes, and some other delicious combination of ingredients placed into a meal. You can have this as a salad or a regular meal. The meal was placed on top of fresh spring mix. Normally served with yogurt but he knew not to include it. For meat eaters they had plenty of options to go along with this as well, lamb, chicken, and beef. 
Don't forget to order one of their lassi drinks as well. They make it with yogurt usually but get it veganized with almond milk. Banana date was just what I needed to satisfy my sweet tooth.I'm not sure what Mihir S is talking about. The chat here is out of this world. I'm Indian too, and Mihir's claims of the chaat not being Indian are exaggerated. Appreciating something novel is not for everyone I guess. The food here is amazing, the maker has a charming, effusive personality..and the price very affordable. This is better than any Indian chat ive ever had.I really cannot compliment this place enough, it sets the bar for chaat. I never been disappointed there. The mix of flavors and textures always comes out just right.
Also, the owner is the friendliest guy you'll ever meet. It's obvious that he loves what he does; he always goes out of his way to make the experience great. Sometimes I do not order anything off the menu and just tell him to suprise me. He is more than happy to just throw some things together, explaining as he goes along.The owner was super friendly! He claims that they don't serve anything that's not good and he was so right! I didn't get a chance to try the food because I was full, but I tried the lassi drinks in guava and mango flavors. Both were delicious! They gave the remaining that didn't fit in the cups in smaller cups, which were useful for swapping flavors with my friend and a very nice gesture of service since the goodness doesn't go to waste. I'd hit up this place every week if I live in Philly. Going to miss this place so much in the mean time =(It feels so great to be excited about a restaurant in Philly again. 
I am so, so glad to have found this place (it was a fortunate discovery by chance-- I just happened to be browsing restaurants on Yelp, as I typically do, when I came across this place). I had to click on it-- 100 reviews and 5 stars on Yelp? It seemed too good to be true. I immediately contacted my friend and told her about the place; she was extremely ready to try it as well.
We ventured into the restaurant at around 7:20 PM. The place is fairly small-- there are only about 3-4 tables. The man who owns the place was incredibly warm, sweet and welcoming. We mentioned that we were newcomers and he immediately wanted to make sure we had a good experience with the food. He asked us for spice preferences and meat preferences for my friend (I told him I was vegetarian from the get-go). The food was made fairly quickly even though there were two parties of four ahead of us. Regardless, the wait time wouldn't make me subtract a star.
The menu of chaat varieties is extensive; I ordered the veggie chaat (I originally asked for the paneer veggie chaat, but he was out of paneer. Next itme!) The quality of the food was absolutely incredible. The combinations of flavors made each bite exciting and different. The chutneys mixed with the yogurt sauce, the fresh bits of mango pieces, raisins and chick peas and crispy flakes/puris added a cool texture to the dish as well. The play on sweet and savory was so on point. At the end of our meal, the owner told everyone in the restaurant (all tables were full so perhaps about 12 people) that he was heating up gulab jamun (indian sweet) for everyone on the house-- my friend and I were just about to leave and we were so full, but the thought was incredibly sweet and it just added to our experience. Another thing I noticed was that while we were eating, he announced to everyone that he hoped the spices were correct-- he mentioned being able to "fix it up right away" if someone had a dish with a spice level that wasn't ideal. So cute! So much appreciation! 
The restaurant also had a huge menu for lassi flavors. I'm not a huge lassi fan, but my friend ordered the Date lassi and really enjoyed it. All the other people in the restaurant ordered a lassi as well, so it is probably a worthwhile choice to complement the chaat.
I paid about $6.50 for my weal, and it was so worth it. I have nothing but golden and glittery words of praise for this West Philly gem. I have so many people in mind that I want to introduce to this restaurant.This place is worth every 5 star rating. The chaats and lassies are amazing and made to your order. The owner was super friendly. Be prepared for a taste explosionWe (my husband and myself) went to this place today and oh my god! It was wonderful experience. We were greeted by smiling owner who knows how to treat a customer. Coz it was our first time, he explained us the menu and asked us our taste preference. He customized our food according to that. 
The way street food CHAAT is elevated to new level to make it personalized for all kinds of palates, is just awesome! Even lassis are the same. Stereotypes may not like this but for foodies who love to try really good food, this place is worth every penny!!! 
Would love to come back again when we are in town!!Selection of lassi here are great! Definitely recommend the fig.I took my mother to mood cafe yesterday after seeing such great reviews on yelp,  and we both really enjoyed our dining experience! Everything about it was a refreshing twist from the standard indian fare we are used to.  We shared a chicken tikka salad chaat which was light, filling and delicious but there are so many other options that I need to explore. 
 I've also never seen so many varieties of lassi (yogurt drink) ever. I grew up on mango lassis, but at Hassan's suggestion I ordered a rose lassi which was so good and memorable, I will definitely have to come back for more. My mother ordered a spicy mint lassi which was too spicy for me but my mother loved.  Once it melted down though and it got a little less spicy, I took it away from her and downed the whole thing myself. 
Lastly and most importantly, the owner and his staff are wonderful to get to know and clearly appreciate their customers. Although mood cafe is a small place, it has a wonderful charm that makes it worth revisiting.   
I look forward to seeing some openings in NYC! (Hopefully, brooklyn :) )Let me start by saying this place was the second place my Mom and I stumbled upon trying to find some good food for the evening, myself having just gotten off a long flight. We both like trying new things and this place had so many good reviews we decided to give it a try.  Superb, from the staff to the food!  I had my first lassi and we both wanted chicken dishes so they gave us one salad (which has a lot to it!) and one chaat just to give us both a taste of different things.  Both were splendid as well as the rice pudding we had for dessert, and I am not a pudding person :)!  Our chicken we got medium spicy and it was so flavorful and just yummy!!  Even the salad was bomb! When we stepped in we let them know it was our first time and they guided us thru the menu and everything.  This place is a great find and we'll be back. Thoroughly enjoyed the food and would highly recommend it.Tried it for the first time today. The owner makes you feel very welcome and helps you decide what to pick, often not on the board. The description of all the items that go into a Chaat seemed like the result would be a little crazy, but the flavors blended well together. A unique snack, and surprisingly light. Will definitely be going back to try the Lassies.Not that Mood needs another good review - but we are visiting from out of town and after finding Mood on Yelp we made it part of our vacation plans. Unfortunately we were still full from lunch and after telling that to the owner he steered us in a direction allowing us to have an experience without filling up. My husband,son and I shared a mango lassi and a lemonade lassi. We also shared a samosa chaat and a chicken chaat. He was very kind and chatted with us about the history of the food and his other restaurants. Luckily the busy dinner rush had passed and we were able to sit and enjoy our visit. Having this experience was a great ending to our day in Philly.Can't beat it! The huge selection of lassi's are outstanding (fig lassi mmmm...) and the samosas are great, but the real thing to come here for is Hassan and his chaats. 
Chaat is kind of hard to describe. It's a South Indian street food that is a medley of a whole bunch of things: crunchy noodles and puffed rice, dried fruits and nuts, chutneys and sauces, and other things. There's a menu of about 15 different varieties, but Hassan is always helpful and will make you exactly what you want. 
So much love for this place!Mood Cafe is always my first stop when I visit Philly after a nice drive from Brooklyn.
The Lassi flavors range from traditional to ecstatic. It's always great to bring a friend or friends to share because they always make enough to fill your cup and have enough left over to fill a smaller cup that you can trade with your friends. 
I have a hard time choosing anything other than the Pistachio/Almond Lassi. It's a great balance of rich yogurt, creamy almonds, and nutty pistachios that almost adds an umami flavor to the combination as the pistachios that they use are toasted with a bit of salt. 
I've recently ordered off the menu. Pistachio/Dates. Also a winner. The chewy pieces of dates sink to the bottom and wait for you to finish your drink before you can pick them out with a straw. 
It's hard to go wrong here. The owner is very vocal and knowledgable - if you order flavors that he doesn't think will work well together, he will recommend something better. 
Also, he's originally from Brooklyn. Bonus points for that.Seriously one of the best experiences that I've had at a restaurant/food joint in a very long time. To start off the owner of the cafe, Hassan, is absolutely wonderful. A few friends and I wandered into the shop after another friend recommended we get lassi after brunch. I personally thought that there would be a couple interesting flavors, but I wouldn't have any because I normally don't like lassi. Oh how wrong I was. Not only were the lassis AMAZING (esp the rose, almond and fig) but the atmosphere was absolutely amazing. Hasan is so personable, charismatic and nice that we ended up spending well over 90min at the shop just talking to Hasan and enjoying the lassis. I'm not from Philly but when I come back to the city one of the first things I'm doing is heading back here!! 
P.S. the make vegan lassis too which I've personally never seen, but I tasted them and they were delicious. 
Plus all the samples that Hasan gives are basically a glass of lassi, so he is very generous and will also make you a new lassi if you don't like your original orderI've been to my share of chaat houses, but after seeing this place with it's 5 stars and 200+ reviews, I knew I had to check it out. This place did not disappoint. The Pakistani owner is hilarious and attentative. Seating is limited but we had 6 people and felt fine. The chaat is flavorful, unique, and satisfying. We've been raving about it since. Really looking forward to the summer to experience more of the lassi flavors. Mango is a solid choice, but the cardimum was a show stealer. I would recommend this place to locals and travelers.This place deserves all of the good reviews it has gotten.  While I really enjoyed our keema chat and tikka salad chaat; I think the rose lassi and ras malai were insanely good.  Would highly recommend the rose lassi and ras malai.  Definitely coming back again!This place is great! I can't really tell the difference between many of the chaats but they are all great. I went here my first week in West Philly and have been back many times since. The men behind the counter are very personable and polite. The store also carries Peace Tea which is my favorite brand of Iced Tea!
If you want to order on the phone, you can only do it about 15 minutes or so in advance. They don't want the chaat to sit around and not be as delicious as it could be. Understandable but threw me off at first. They are really proud of their product!Like many stores that line Baltimore Avenue in West Philly, Mood Cafe is privately owned and a sister store to Desi Village and Desi Chaat House. I have frequented Desi Chaat House more often because they have more variety of chaat, but Mood Cafe has more lassi options. I really like their lassi because it isn't that sweet, and my favourite is cardamom lassi. It has a slight tanginess from the yoghurt and just the right amount of cardamom flavour. It's actually really refreshing to drink on a very hot day. Mango lassi is very good also, once again with just the right sweetness and enough mango flavour. This time I ordered Kashmiri chaat and asked mine to be medium spicy. I love eating chaat during the summer months because it's refreshing and kind of helps my appetite when you don't want to eat anything. Just in case you don't know, chaat is one of the favourite Indian street food with all kinds of possible combination of veggies, crunchy Indian snacks, fruits, sauces, and yoghurt. The potential of combination seems endless. 
Mood Cafe is rather small for an eat in. They do have limited chairs and tables. I chose to do a take out (which most times seems more convenient). The service is really friendly and pretty efficient. I think they over made their mango lassi they gave me the extra portion in a small cup! If you are new to this area of West Philly you can choose to eat in, or take your food and drink over to Clark Park and have a picnic!Mood Café is the place for proper chaat and lassi in Philly! And this is coming from legit Pakistani people. To top off their menu, the service is amazing. The owner is always here, super friendly and if you're nice will top off your order with a freebie. Be nice. Keep the mood light :) The ROSE Lassi is ahhhhhhmazing  they're opening s sit down Pakistani restaurant next month called, Langar.Absolutely amazing lassis! Owner is passionate and very friendly, I'll definitely be coming back and trying the chaat. I got the plum lassi and it was delicious.Went once for dinner, and back for lunch the day after. It's that good! Sticking with chicken tikka until I bore it out, if that's even possible. Also tried a fig lassi, so tasty! They use dried figs and does not disappoint. 
One word of advice: be patient. The two times I've visited, there is only one person running show, so if it gets busy you may have to wait a little to put in your order and get your food. Believe me, it's worth the wait!If you're in the mood for something out of the ordinary, Mood cafe is the place to go (sorry, couldn't resist the pun).
I came here entirely based on Yelp reviews, figuring that a near-perfect rating from over 200 reviewers couldn't go wrong. The cafe itself is in a rather charming part of town, and although it is rather small, it also screams cleanliness and efficiency. The owner greeted us immediately, and let us peruse the various items on the menu with an amused look on his face before we finally gave up and admitted we had no idea how to order. He explained what chaat was, and that we shouldn't be overwhelmed by the multitude of choices written on the board - we should just tell him what type of meat we wanted and our desired spice level, and he'd take care of the rest. My boyfriend got lamb, spicy, and I got chicken, medium spice. We also ordered mango and pineapple lassi.
The lassi was amazing - I don't think I'll ever be content with a smoothie ever again. Mango taste was light and airy, not too sweet, but enough to satisfy any craving. The Pineapple lassi was very refreshing, and offered the perfect blend of flavor and sweetness. Even better, with our lassi we got a little cup with the leftover drink (I'm guessing they made extra), which was perfect for sharing. 
When I got my chaat, my first instinct was to say "Eeww, how do these even go together...?" Radishes, cilantro sauce, mangoes, honeyed dates, chick peas, fried dough strips, chicken pieces, several types of mystery sauce? I then dubiously mixed everything together and took a tentative bite. 
It was an absolute explosion in my mouth, a taste sensation I've never had before. Sweet, sour, savory, salty, spicy, and everything in between - all in perfect balance. Saying that it was delicious would be an understatement. My chicken chaat was seriously awesome, and my boyfriend's lamb chaat was even better. It literally comes down to personal preference what meat/veggie you get, but I don't think you can go wrong.
This place makes the 2.5 hour drive from Maryland to Penn worth it. Would I recommend this place? Absolutely. The owner is super friendly, helpful, and service-oriented. The food is a mind-blowing culinary experience. My only qualm with this place is that if you don't order a lassi, the serving sizes for the chaat might not be enough to fill you up completely (but since I did order a lassi, I ended up staggering out the door due to how full I was). 
The do offer other awesome desserts like gulab jamun and carrot halwa - I'm currently doing stomach expansion exercises so I can fit those as well next time I'm around.Mood cafe est un des meilleur Chaat que j'ai mange a Philly. Le patron vous accueille et vous conseille avec gentillesse. Il nous a meme offert different lassi a gouter avant que nous passions notre commande et après notre diner pour nous en faire gouter d'autres. 
J'adore cette place et je la recommande vivement. 
One of the best place for Lassi and Chaat in Philly. Love this place. The owner is smiling, he customized our food and offer us samples before our order and after to make us discover his food.I've tried to keep going here but ever since the owner stopped working there, the quality of the dishes, the quantity of food in the dishes and the cleanliness have gone way down. The folks he has working in there just don't have that same "Best of Yelp" mojo going. We've tried numerous times to go back, thinking we just got off days with a new staff member. Sadly,  Mood has killed our mood for chaat. We're done.I really wish this was in Chicago. I always trust yelp when I'm traveling and this...fine Philly yelpers, you have done so good by me. I can not express my delight in what you have lead me to.
The owner put together what was essentially a perfect meal, and since I mentioned I'm only in town for a week, promised to up the crazy of my chaat if I managed to come back in since he normally eases people into new and exciting chaats but you know, only a short while left. I hope that I can make it back because such delicious food. Aah!This place already has way too many reviews saying how wonderful it is, but here's one more. I've been here twice -- the first time Hassan made all the yummy chaats for my group and let us sample various lassis. He was very personable and asked us for feedback on our chaats as well. The second time I came here, someone else made my chaat. It wasn't as good as when Hassan made it but still great nonetheless. Make sure you get a lassi! They have the best mango lassis I've ever had in my life, made with fresh mango. It's pretty small and quiet, which is great for enjoying yummy food with a few friends.I typically don't like yogurt or smoothies, but I really, REALLY enjoyed the Melon lassi here. The taste isn't in-your-face strong which is what I usually don't like about smoothies. I also tried the mango and honeydew and enjoyed those as well.
UPDATE: RED WATERMELON IS MY FAVORITE. =D
Owner will make you a new lassi if yours isn't great, but I've never had a sub-par lassi. I also prefer mine more icy, and he satisfies this preference.We visited this place while touring the city of Philly. To our surprise this place is mind blowing. The mango lassi is out of the world. Its the best mango lassi I have ever had. Over 70 lassi flavors on the menu. With around 70 more in the making.
I would definitely recommend this place!!Had to bump this up because Hassan is always making additions to the menu!  Get ready: this fall he's coming out with MEAL CHAATS.  I sampled the rice and lentils with garlic pickle tonight.  unreal.  Do it up.I went based on the Yelper's 5 star recommendation and the fact that I hadn't eaten anything and they were open late. I think the store manager/owner was SUPER cool. He was super generous. He gave us a full breakdown of chaat and also of the lassi. The lassi, in my opinion; you can keep it. Truly nothing special, I had the mango. I thought it was good, but nothing I'd go more than 10 blocks for. The chaat however was pretty interesting. Not something I'd see myself craving but very good flavor blend. I personally thought it was a bit sweet for my taste with the dates and what may have been cherries. I think that has mass appeal. My girlfriend had a lamb/ I had chicken. Both chaat's were filling and tasty and the ambience was actually pretty cool. Maybe I'll stop back again, but probably not grooving its way into my standbys anytime soon.yay I'm the 300th review. amazing food. amazing price. great company. everything was delicious and tastes absolutely wonderful.I just had my first experience at the Mood Cafe! The owner was kind and charming. He took the time to explain chaat to me and sold me a delicious melon lassi. I'll absolutely be buying a chaat next time I come in!Love this place! I had a banana and date lassi (on the owner's suggestion) and it was awesome. If you don't see something that sounds very good just ask him what is very good and he'll make you something perfect! Can't wait to get back there!As others have said, the owner of this place, Hassan, is what tips it over into being a 5-star place. He closes at 10pm, but my brother and I got there at 9:55, and he stayed open for us. Was honest with us about which lassi options were the best, and gave us extra tastes in little cups of the flavors the other got. I got the coconut lassi, and he got the blueberry lassi. Both very good and very fresh. He also gave us a free small order of chaat when he heard we'd never had it. The chaat was good, but we were even more impressed by how nice he was. Definitely hit this place up.Such a great West Philly staple. The owner is so wonderful... It should be called Good Mood Cafe. The chaat in itself will put you in a good mood. But then there's the samosas and lassis and the flat out experience.. Freakin awesome. Thanks for being a great local business!This place has INSANE food and the guy working there is ridiculously nice.  
Everything is reasonably priced and you can request exactly what ingredients you'd like in your chaat.
So delicious. Stop dawdling on yelp and go!Vegan mango lassi! Good, but too sweet. Actual food was good, also. It's also very decently priced if I remember correctly.Everyone already knows how fantastic the lassi is. The real sleeper hit is the chaat, which is an incredible mixture of savory and sweet in a single dish. As the owner explains it, it's an Indian/Pakistani street snack that he's adopted and enhanced into a full sized meal. 
Savory lover? We got that. Walnuts, feta, chick peas, figs, potatoes. Sweet fiend? Mango slices and dried cranberries galore, a few dates for good measure. Want it spicy? He can do a variety of flavorful mouth burners. Vegetarian? All of them can come with an optional vegetarian protein in lieu of the tasty tasty meats.
Screw kale, eat more chaat. Or eat both? I dunno, you're a grown-ass man who makes his own decisions, or a grown-ass woman, or a grown ass-woman, hell chaat is totally PG, enrich your kids' palates and stuff and junk and whatever
I recommend the salad chaat option for the most efficient meal in history.all i can say it "ditto" to all the other reviews!! its as good, if not better and we're hooked and cant wait to go backAverage Yelp rating of 5 stars, after 112 reviews?  How is this possible?  Some of the 3-star Michelin restaurants don't even have 5 stars.  I had to see it, smell it, and taste it to believe it.
Food (9.5/10) = As someone had mentioned in their review, forget the chalkboard menu, which by the way is a bit overwhelming.  Let the Hassan work his magic.  I had no idea what chaat was, but whatever it was, Yelp told me it was crazy delicious.  I informed Hasaan this was my first trip to this place, and wanted something with chicken.  With just that info, the alchemist proceeded to construct my chaat.  The product was very colorful.  Every bite had a different flavor, owing to the multiple layers of different ingredients.  Different textures (soft, crunchy, etc.)  Different flavors (sweet, salty, etc.).  Incredible.  I was informed that the chaat he would make for me is "basic," and on my next trip he would go "crazy with the next chaat."  My next visit?  This guy already knew I would come back! The man has full confidence in his product.  
I also got the kiwi lassi.  I've had lassi before, but never liked it.  However, since it was a frequently mentioned item on yelp, I decided to go for it again.  Happy that I did.  Despite that my kiwi lassi, is not traditional, I enjoyed it a lot more than the other stuff I had in the past that were supposedly more traditional.  The kiwi tartness was not overwhelming, but well balanced.  
Ambiance (8.5/10) = Bright cool environment.  There are a couple of benches against the windows for people to sit and eat.  
Service (10/10) = As many mentioned already, Hassan is awesome and super friendly.  Telling you his story about chaat and his approach to his food and this little shop. 
Overall opinion = I am now a believer of the 5 yelp stars.  I look forward to Hassan going "crazy" on the next chaat he makes for me, the next time I'm in town.I love orange.  I love orange buildings where they offer orange things to eat and drink, then use the orange fruit pulp to mulch the orange marigolds in the orange-rimmed tree lawns out front.  If Mood Café's "mood" is reflected by their color scheme, then that works for me. 
Also the Mood offers vegan lassi in 20+ flavours.  However, the Mood uses almond milk, which tends to overpower the fruit--Maybe switch to rice milk so that we can taste the fruit?
Now all that Baltimore Ave needs are dosas and a proper kati roll and we'll be good to go...I was very glad to find his place. They have a very relaxed environment, the customer service is super friendly, and their menu is huge. They have something like 60 types of drinks, a (non-alcholic) variety unmatched by any restaurant that I know of in philly. Most importantly their food is absolutely delicious. I especially liked the fact that instead of wasting the extra lassi they made, they gave it to me in a smaller cup, a small but nonetheless humbling gesture. I will be coming back soon to try the 76 items I haven't tried yet. This place is awesome!I have no idea why this place is so highly rated. The menu is confusing as hell. The guy just kind of makes you whatever he feels like and it's super bland. Overall confusing and not good.Mood Cafe is still delicious, even two years later! My best friend and I went back yesterday to celebrate her birthday and, yet again, the owner asked if it was our first time and offered to make us lassis until we were satisfied.
As always, the food was delicious and I only needed my lassi made once. I ordered the Queen lassi - yes, based on the name alone - and could not have asked for a more delicious drink.I've had my eye on the Mood Cafe for months. Every time I log into Yelp, there it is sitting in the top 5, eye balling me. I passed by it several times, and though that place looks interesting. After awhile, my mind starting asking, "Why haven't you gone to Mood Cafe?" So, I finally took these thoughts out of my mind and tried to get my wife to go. At first, she was a skeptic and did not want to go. On my third attempt, she finally gave me the why not approval.
After going, we both should be asking, what is wrong with us. This place Amaze! It looks like a small place with not much to offer. The two main menu items are Lassis and Chaat. I've had a Lassi before, and it's always been Mango. But this place had like 25 Lassi flavors. But what is a Chaat I wondered?
The owner who was working there on our visit explained. There is so much that goes into a Chaat, he lost me somewhere along the way. But what was not lost was my intrigue. I go the Crazy Chicken Chaat. The crazy was their way of saying it's a chicken and beef combo. The beef reminded me of taco meat, but the kind that is seasoned extremely well.
Watching him make the Chaat was like watching an artist. It was like Jackson Pollack at work with the piling on so much stuff. A threw a bunch of stuff down. Then he added 3-4 sauces. He threw more stuff down. Added more sauces. And then he threw more stuff down. Not sure I remember it all, but there was mango, almonds, crispy noodles, dates, potato, and, and, and... yeah that's what I remember. But I know there was more.
When I put this goodness in my mouth, it was like a party of flavors. It tasted so fresh and nothing like anything I had tasted before. I was in love.
I also had a peach Lassi which was excellent. My wife had the same dish as me, but got the blueberry Lassi. I liked her Lassi even better.
I so am going back to this place. You should go too!First time having a chaat and tried both the beef and chicken (for 2 different meals). When I said it was my first time the owner was super friendly and explained to me that if I didn't like it he would have it be on the house! He also asked what kind of spice level I wanted and packaged one chaat so that the "crispies" wouldn't get soggy for the next day. 
The beef was ground beef and although I enjoyed it, the chicken was even better - I think it was a tandoori chicken (not quite sure but was an orangish color from the spices) which was delicious. 
I also tried a samosa which came with a chickpea salad and mint chutney..had to eat the entire thing right there because it was so good. 
The only reservation I had about the chaat was that it was overfilled with what the owner calls the "crispies" which are fried dough pieces- it consisted about half the take out container. I'm not sure whether that's what a "chaat" actually calls for but I would have preferred less of it, personally (not too into fried dough as a meal). But if that's your thing go for it.I haven't even finished moving into the neighborhood and already my goal for the summer is to try each of the 30 flavors.I tried here due to the fantastic Yelp reviews and I will not repeat what many have said.  It is a small non-service dive good for takeouts of simple quick eats.    It is basically a lassi and chaats place.  It is perfectly fine and okay as any other quick local venues.    But as other stated, the owner is a very nice and helpful person, and I can see why other Yelpers like him a lot.  I give him and the place a 3.5 for the simple food I needed at the time.
This is part of the 2016 Thanksgiving Weekend in Philadelphia.I came here with my girlfriend last night after reading a lot of great reviews, and it really lived up to its hype. The owners name is Hasaan, and he greeted us as we walked in. 
He explained to us what chaat is and how he makes it. He asked us a few questions and custom made 2 orders of chaat for us - one with chicken, and one with lamb. Each bite had a totally different taste and texture. It was incredible. I'll definitely visit again.Great place!! Owner is super cool and serves with his heart.  He makes food as if he was making for himself.  The mango lassi are amazing but they have millions of choices for lassi and chaat.  Definitely recommend going and we will most definitely be going back.This was a fantastic experience. Hassan is a great guy, very passionate about his food. And the food, omg, it is something! We had a guava lassi, a strawberry-pineapple lassi, and of course the famous chaat. So many flavours in one dish! It tastes like nothing else, truly amazing!Not much to add to the many positive reviews, but yes, the chaats and lassis at Mood Cafe rock! Hassan is wonderful at making you feel truly welcome and introducing you to new varieties of the signature food and drinks you might not have tried yet. Always a smile, highly responsive to feedback, and quick to offer you samples, you can tell he cares about his customers, his offerings, and the neighborhood  Mood Cafe is embedded in. A fantastic addition to the thriving Baltimore Avenue corridor of West Philly!Amazing service & chaat! Had the veggie salad chaat mild with fig&banana lassi! Delicious !!!Most diverse lassi selection you could ever imagine! The owner is friendly, creative, and obviously is passionate about his business. The chaat is an explosion of flavors, and if it's your first time trying it, the owner will be kind enough to explain the reason behind the different flavors. 
I used to live across the street but moved away. I miss it terribly! Stop in for a lassi if you're driving down Baltimore Ave.!If it is happiness that you seek, visit Mood cafe. The food is good. If you are from the subcontinent, stick to the basics. But whatever you do, spend up some time to strike up a conversation with Hassan. You will step out feeling good about life and all the joy it could offer you if you stop and look :)Hands down... Best place EVER to get a cold treat with great customer service. I've visited this place 4 times and was never disappointed. If I lived in west Philly I would gladly visit this place every week (everyday if I could afford it!) My favorite lassi flavors are Rose and Apple fig. The owner is amazing at helping you decide and makes each lassi with great care. The next time I visit I'll try the chaat!I just had my first experience with Chaat and have to say that it was one of the most delightful things I've ever eaten!  So many different flavors and fresh ingredients. If you have not tried it before, allow Hasaan, the owner, to choose for you. He will not steer you wrong!  I recommend the Salad Chaat with lamb. Choose a level of spice and pair it with your favorite Lassi and you are set. If you have any room left, the sweet carrots or rice pudding are outstanding for dessert. I look forward to returning to this wonderful establishment the next time I am in Philly. If I lived here, you could definitely count me as a regular.Excellent! Awesome food, and the owner is great. Hassan said that he's going to start serving dosas next week. Looking forward to it.I stopped in here for the first time a few nights ago after listening to my friend rave about it so much, and had an amazing experience! 
If it's your first time, say so. The owner is great and if he knows you're unfamiliar with chaat he'll give you the low down. Great customer service from this guy. I had him decide what to give me and he threw together something he called "Crazy" chaat. Awesome. It's got pretty much everything in it. And it was exactly how he described it, no bite ever tasted the same. I cannot recommend this place enough, especially if you've never tried chaat. This is definitely the place to have your first taste.Hassan now has dosa, an indian favorite similar to a crepe that is made of lentils and then stuffed with delicious things! such a great addition for the chilly weather as they are served piping hot and fresh...
i think that hassan may be the only one making these in the philadelphia area so it's worth the trip. hassan the owner is one of the kindest people i know!If you're non desi, you'll be fooled. Of course majority of the good reviews are left by Americans who don't know chaat. What you're eating is not chaat. Not even close. You don't put sweet things like date, cranberry, mangoes in a chaat. I guess they're doing it so non desis can handle it with burning their mouth. There are no chickpeas in this chaat lol. That's the very first ingredient in a chaat. So nothing is authentic and nothing tastes like a chaat. I'll give them props for adding keema, chicken, lamb to make it different but no chickpeas in a chaat is like no tuna in a tuna salad/melt. Those of you who have never had a chaat should go as you can't do the comparison and don't known what you're missing. Don't order mango shake. It's nasty. It's not a real mango. It's nectar with some unripe mangoes.The Chaat is the BEST. I'm sure the other food is delicious, but I love their chaat so much that I can't help but order it every time. Veggie samosas are dope too. Love the staff. Hard not to eat there every day.The reviewes are all true:)!!! We listened and went to mood cafe. It was simply one of the most amazing things we've ever eaten.
First, the owner is delightful, takes pride in his cooking, and really and truly wants to ensure you have an amazing dinner. He asked if it was our first visit, it was.. And even our first time having Indian food. We luv middle eastern food, but wanted to try Indian, so we turned to yelp. They listed mood cafe#1. And not your usual reviews....over the top incredible reviews!!!
We had to go and try. The food was amazing by itself, so yummy.... But the owner makes the experience. You feel like he's cooking just for you, home cooking, and what he puts together is heaven on a fork(or spoon)
My husbnd had beef chaat, I had. Chicken chaat. And there were lots of things in it with a delicious sauce(s). We each ordered lassies, and ofcourse never had those either. We understand some enjoy them salty? But we ordered a coconut lassie, and a pineapple lassie, creamy.. Light... Cool. Think it's yogurt and milk really? But to us, better than a traditional smoothie. 
We will be coming back, and recommend this place to everyone.... Especially if your in a mood for something? But don't know what it is? Lol.... Apparently you want chaat!!!! You just don't know it yet:))) A definite 5 stars, but we'd give it more if we could. 
The owner is a class act, and it isn't every day you come across that type of warmth and hospitality. He's charming and cares that his customers ate happy!!! Oh, and dessert was on the house:)!!!!!! 
Go there, you'll be SOOOOOOO happy you did!Jeez, where to begin with Mood???? I came here for lunch a few weeks ago with a coworker, and while he wasn't a fan (he's not as adventurous with food a I am), I loved it! If you're looking for your typical Indian food, skip here; if you want a flavor adventure that is unique and different, then this is your place. I had no clue what a chaat was until I came here, so the owner explained everything to me. The chaats here anew amazing; there are so many flavors, textures, colors, and unique ingredients that every bite is something different. They also have the best lassis I've ever had, and what makes them even better is the flavors! Skip the traditional mango (even though its awesome) and give fig a try. It was creamy, sweet perfection. I'm sure the food here isn't diet friendly, which is not good for me because its so close to work!!!!!The chaat is great and the customer service is superb. The quantity and quality of this small restaurant is unmatchable. For those in or visiting Philly I highly recommend it!Food was unbelievable. Flavor explosion. They were super nice and accommodating. Wish I lived nearby. Prices were reasonable. Best ever.Credit goes to the BF for locating this gem or should I say to fellow Yelpers for their review. Either way, it's rare to see an establishment with 5 stars with average of over 100 reviews. We had to check it out and also see what this chaat was about. I had to google what it is. I didn't know to expect as we entered the shop. It is small but adequate. As many others have stated, we were greeted by the owner and he must know who are first-timers and who are frequent customers. As we were overwhelmed by the menu selection of lassi, the owner offered to give us a brief introduction of his menu. He gave us 100% guarantee and that if we don't like anything, he will make us something else until we are happy. 
I was open-minded so I pretty much left it to the owner to prepare my chaat. All I had an input in was which type of meat and if I like it spicy. I'll let the pictures speak for itself of what he prepared for us. The BF had the beef and it was seasoned a bit spicy than I had expected. Not fire hot but definitely not bland. Even though it's a 'salad', the portions were huge. The picture may not look like it but we were full and actually didn't finish it. I appreciate the extra gesture of giving us the remaining lassi in another cup. Nothing was wasted!  I noticed there was a steady stream of customers after 8pm. Seems like most stopped in after dinner in the area to grab a drink to go.I have never given a place 5 stars, but Mood Café totally deserves every 5 star they get. After a particularly bad experience with customer service today, I immediately thought of Mood Café. Not because it`s bad!, but because the owner is so kind, and the food is wonderful.
My favorite is samosa chaat with a mango lassi. The last time I was in I was tried the rose lassi and it is just so good! Everything here is fresh, the flavors are clean and vibrant. I have nothing but praise for Mood Café.My brother-in-law is visiting so we decided to take him to my favorite chaat place in the city. He is vegetarian so it should have been the best place to take him as well. We chose to do take-out and after I got back home,I realized that they cut down the portion so much...I used to eat one bowl for two meals, now I bearly feel full with this one bowl. Whattt??? I really feel so disappointed to be honest...hopefully they can provide the same quantity as they do before. I told so many friends about this place, and I want see this place be better and better!Diamond in the rough. That's all that can be said about this chaat-catering, strangely delicious, unbelievably friendly environment. For the sake of full disclosure, my taste buds were certainly adjusting to chaat as I was at Mood. It's a strange sensation: the mixing of the hot veggies and meat, the cold yogurt, the crispy wonton shells - all of it crunched up in a bowl. 
Hasan, the owner and one of the friendliest faces in all of Philadelphia, explained every step of how he prepares and serves the food. Then, for dessert, he prepared a carrot and cream cheese dish, with hot, stewed carrots (naturally sweet) and homemade cheese. It was somehow similar to a pumpkin or sweet potato pastry. 
Like other reviewers's experience, I too was blown away by both Hasan's kindness and his restaurant. He remembers faces well, and will prepare you a different kind of dish every time you visit. He promised a different, hot rice and beans dish next time I came. He also assured my girlfriend and I that we would not have to pay if we didn't like the food. However, we loved the chaat and the dessert, and were more than happy to pay every cent (though he didn't charge us for the dessert). Can't wait to go back!Visited Mood's cafe for the first time yesterday , the awesome food was matched by Hasan's warmth as a host . The food is absolutely splendid. I had the paneer chaat with an apple fig lassi . The chaat was really good but the lassi was exceptional , this has got to be the closest I have had to the real thing ( try the salt lassi if you have the taste for it , exceptional !!) . Also the owner Hassan is a great host , taking interest in a customer and treating them like a human being there to enjoy food as opposed to just a number to serve a dish too is all the difference between a great place and just another restaurant and the experience I had here was awesome !! I will be back for more chaat and lassiRarely write a review but gotta do this one. the food with the price is completely perfect. 
Lassi taste super natural, feeling like you're eating real fruit. chaat is perfect for a small dinner. taste delicious
the seat at the corner was quite and beautiful for hanging out, reading, chatting.
owner was super friendly and gave me rice budding as a treat as he knows I'm leaving town.
Definitely remcommend this place and definitely come back to Philly just for this.Best Chaat hands down! This was my first time ever having it with my husband and it was the most flavorful meal I had in Philadelphia! It was perfectly spiced and extremely tasty. The owner, Hassan, is super nice and friendly and very accommodating! I def recommend you come here if you want a fantastic, spicy, tasty, flavorful meal. The owner even made us a mango lassi that went perfectly with our Chaat bowl. Thanks Hassan! We ll be back for sure!Tiny little place with some Indian chaat and smoothie options , staff is not friendly and too small to accommodate a big group!Awesome! I went last night having never had chaat before, and Hasan (the owner) was so great! He asked me what I liked and made the perfect dish just for me. The dish was colorful, crunchy, creamy, meaty, savory, sweet and sour all at the same time, and it works together in a way I never imagined food could. The lassi was great as well (mango and honey), and Hasan let me try a rice pudding that was so so good, not thin like most puddings I've tried before but creamy with a subtle spice. I will definitely be a regular from now on!Amazing little place! They have so many unique flavors of lassi (yogurt drink) and chaat!!! They had a chicken Tikka Chaat which was amazing! And the lassi was really really good too! The price was also very reasonable. Can't wait to go again when I visit Philly!Very unpleasant, disinterested and unhelpful service -  a hostility unlike anything I have ever experienced in a restaurant so highly rated by Yelp.  I asked if they had saag chat, and the man behind the counter looked at me like I was speaking Chinese.  "Spinach chat?" I translated.  It was all he could do to wave at the menu board, which in no way explained what each dish had.  When we paid, it took him several minutes to be able to change the $20 bill for our order.  Once the owner arrived (after we had ordered), this same man suddenly became friendly.  STAY AWAY -- there is a lot more friendly food just down the street at Aksum.  They don't hate the customer!!Sub Par Service I ordered a beef dish and it was like deep fried meatloaf. I didn't enjoy it at all. The naan was good tho.First I was little skeptic when I saw the shop. Once I went in there, it was super clean and the food was AMAZING. He is nice and caters to your needs (spicy, sweet...). I highly recommend a visit. You will be surprised.Nothing I can add here that hasn't already been said. The friendly owner will guide you through the menu like a champ and introduce you to the wonderful world of lassi and chaat. A delicious, flavorful, fresh meal to go. Choose the lamb - it's heavenly.mmmm, this will likely be an unpopular opinion, but i thought the chaat was okay. it wasn't amazing or addicting like i was anticipating it to be. it is a yummy mix though! the owner is super passionate and seems very kind, which i really admire. also - best mango lassi i've ever had!Such an amazing mix of awesome flavors. And the owner is the nicest shop keeper ever. Guided us through the menu and made great suggestions. Well definitely return!Awesome!!! Literally every bite is a new sensation in your mouth. I came once, by yelp suggestion. I came back and bought my family because the taste was indescribably good!!Amazing food. Don't be intimidated by the foreign names, the food is delicious. The owner is super friendly and is enthusiastic about discussing what goes into his food. The ingredients are the freshest and some of the best quality "street" food. It's so easy to grab and go at this place.Great food, great service, great all around! When we arrived they were in the middle of closing up for the night, but Hasan graciously stayed open a bit longer so we could put our orders in. Since I was overwhelmed with the selection, Hasan put together a delicious beginners meal. The rose lassi was A+, and the veggie samosa chaat was so so good. I will definitely make the trip back!Super friendly service. Amazingly diverse set of menu options. Grab a smoothie of your choice and a halal salad.  All the smoothies and salads can be made vegan or non-vegan and they have regular meat options like chicken and beef. A great spot.If wish I had an option to give more than 5 stars!! Best ever chaat and lassi!! The owner is a gem of a person and will talk you through the best combinations of food and will make your experience an unforgettable event. We were given extra lassi and sweets over and above what we ordered. I would love to come here again and again. I wish him all the success and more mint-lassi stories like the one he told us ;-)A very unique, yummy meal! Check out my full review with pictures below! :)
http://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2013/08/18/mood-cafe-ecstasy-guaranteed/Even though I don't live anywhere near Mood Cafe, I regularly travel across the city for their chaat and lassis. The owner is sweet, funny and generous--I have seen him send an indecisive pregnant woman home with an extra chaat on the house, just in case she second-guessed her choice of flavor, and today when I asked him to explain a certain seasoning to me, he gave me a free second drink so that I could sample it. The food is always wildly flavorful and so, so satisfying, whether as a summer picnic meal or a light, spicy way to warm up in wintertime.
If you have any questions or want a recommendation as to what to order, be sure to ask the owner! Hearing his explanations and having him customize your chaat and lassi is an important part of the Mood Cafe experience.hassan now has dosa, an indian favorite similar to a crepe that is made of lentils and then stuffed with delicious things! such a great addition for the chilly weather as they are served piping hot and fresh...
i think that hassan may be the only one making these in the philadelphia area so it's worth the trip. hassan the owner is one of the kindest people i know!Am still not sure what I ate here (chaat) but boy it was an explosion of all five senses. The Chaats are an explosion of flavors! Also try the lassis, can't go wrong!Ask the owner for suggestions! He's amazing. I had never had chaat before so he talked me through all the options and eventually just had him give me the most simple item- samosa chaat. 
Be sure to emphasize that vegan because yogurt sauce is a default ingredient.The lassis are okay but the chaats could be a lot fresher, i.e., made using fresh ingredients that weren't sitting out all day! An okay place to grab a snack but nothing to get too excited about.I can't thank the other reviewers enough for the tip--nor Hassan and Daniel for the welcome. A dinner at Mood was the end to an almost magical evening; I have never been so warmly welcomed or felt at home in a food establishment before. New to chaat and lassies, Hassan took out time just before he went on his break to teach us all about how to select a combination we'd like--and within my dietary restrictions. They were incredibly encouraging and so thoughtful--assuring us multiple times that if we didn't like it they'd find something we would enjoy. It was extremely reassuring as the choices were a bit overwhelming for two excited newbies looking to explore.
As other customers came in Daniel continued to share samples of their lassis--including new ones he made to experiment-- from beet/lemon/ginger to guava to strawberry/coconut/peanut butter. My boyfriend had the Mango (luscious, creamy); I was overjoyed with the insanely clean and sweet coconut. Both tasted incredibly fresh--though mine was more icy than smooth (perfect for the next day after a night in the freezer).
As for the chaat...it was wonderful! As everyone has noted it's nearly impossible to describe. I have many dietary restrictions (spicy, lactose, fried foods being among them) and was nervous, so chose the paneer. It was very different that I've had in other preparations, but delicious scrambled in combination with the beautifully sweet/salty/savory combinations of mint/raspberry/spicy sauces and I'm not even sure what else. My boyfriend--asking for the most authentic/spicy preparation-- had the chicken tikki (a bit too much sauce, but wonderfully hot).
Mood Cafe is a gem-- we stayed for over 2 hours chatting with Daniel and other regulars. We've never had such an incredible experience and the passion both Hassan and Daniel felt for the business and food was contagious. I hope to run my own business with that joy someday.My first Chaat and Lassi. May others love up to it in the future. Chicken salad chaat and a honey and fig lassi. Delicious!!!Love this place! Have been here around 5 times in the past year, and its always good! Sometimes I also come just to get the Lassi!
I always get the chicken chaat and I am never disappointed. When I first came, it was definitely something I wasn't sure if I would like bc it was my first time having anything like this. There are so many different ingredients and spices here but somehow it all works together. 
I usually get the Mango Lassi, which is always on point. But got the Lychee lassi last time and it was just as good. Im trying to try all the flavors one by one. 
Always a great place to go for a good meal. Only bad thing about this place is that this place is very small and has barely enough seats for 5 people. There are few places to sit outside as well, but not much.This place is insanely blowing my mind. I went with my husband and a friend of ours on my birthday...right after we walked in, the owner of the Mood Cafe welcomed us with his big smile and passionate explanation on what Mood Cafe is famous for! He emphasized so many times that if we dont like the food or even just think the food is so so...he will not charg us!! Geeezzz...he is a Buddha in real world ;) then he told us to just choose the meat, and he will make his highly recommended chatt for us. Also...the lassi is insanely fresh! We ordered mango the classic, almond pistachio, and leechi...all A+ style. The place is more like take out restaurant, but you also can sit and eat there. In the end, the onwer even offered us the Carrots Dessert...i fogort the name of that dessert..but it is awesome. My whole experience there was fabulous and he made our day! He is a guy who truly loves his food and wants people to enjoy his food as much as he does.. Please go there and try the food...you will NOT regret! We will definitely go back again!!!Had my first lassi here and it was great!!!  Will definitely be returning to try all of the other flavors (had the mango one but want to try the fig one next!)  Overall A+++!!!!!PROS:
* Nicest owner to have ever existed
* Best chaat in Philly, hands down
* Damn good lassis
CONS:
* It was, like, 10 blocks away from where I lived.Attention adresse incontournable !
Dans la banlieue de Philly, le mood café ne paye pas de mine extérieurement. Cependant l'endroit est propre avec deux-trois table à l'intérieur et quelques unes dehors.
Le patron/cuistot/unique employé le jour de notre venue était disponible et prévenant sans être étouffant. Il a pris le temps de nous expliquer le chaat (street food indienne) et de nous donner des conseils.
Une cuisine savoureuse avec plus d'une dizaine de saveurs. Accompagné d'un lassi.
Le dessert nous a été offert (une sorte de fromage de chèvre un peu fermenté dans une crème - mélange sucré et salé déroutant mais bon).
Deux chaat et un lassi pour 25$. Une découverte culinaire et un très bon moment.
Si nous revenons à Philly, nous retournerons dans cet endroit.Not that this place needs another 5 star review, but I have to say, the best value for the food I have ever gotten as far as I can remember. And the service you just can't put a price on. Hassan (I hope I am spelling his name right) was over the top. He took the time to explain the different menu options and finally made me something that was awesome. This joint takes "Chaat" to a whole different level compare to what I am custom to in DC Metro. Definitely will stop by again if I am around Philly area.Amazing customer service. I've been there numerous times. Lassis and chaats are good! I especially like rose lassi...I was saving Mood Cafe for my 200th review because I went here a few weeks ago and I just loved the Crazy Chaat!  
Crazy chaat is similar to other chaat, with fresh ingredients, but it has lots of different flavoured crispy bits -- so much fun!  I can't attest to its authenticity -- I have no idea about that, since I've only ever had chaat at 2 places in Philly -- but I can attest to its deliciousness.  The crisps in the chaat are the perfect textures, popping and crunching, while flavours mix and meld in the different sauces and toppings.  I don't know how to describe it all -- it's too crazy!  Top marks in taste and texture.
Cardamom lassi is also refreshing and yummy.
The owner, Hasan, is very friendly & helpful, and happy to explain if you have any questions.  Looking forward to going back.My first stop on the way to Philly...actually it might be the reason we go to Philly!  Love the authentic chaat.  And the Lassi's are exceptional- a variety of flavors that entice the tastebuds.  Pistachio/almond is a fave, but the menu offers so much more.  The owner and his assistant always smile and chat (pun intended).  Space is limited here to a few seats, but a nice walk with a lassi- perfection!  The only negative is...wait, there isn't one!Oh my God what a disappointment!! I feel really bad that I convinced my friends to try out this place. The owner markets having chicken tikka, Indian chat and lassi (smoothies). If you know real indian food do not go expecting good indian tikka or chat. Basically they threw everything into one dish. Chat ingredients, chicken tikka and even fruit. It literally felt like someone collected all the leftovers in one plate and served you. Never going there again. Maybe if he markets it as something different, I would say okay to each his own. But when you say you have something on your menu, I expect that and I expect it made well.So my friend says, "Hey you like Indian Food?" 
I say, "I've never had it before."
My friend punches me in the face for being uncultured and I wake up at Mood Cafe. 
Honestly, if I wasn't there with friends, I would've walked out. It was clean and nice, but seeing a bunch Chex Mix and random things in canisters behind the counter...I had my doubts about the food. Then I saw someone's order and really thought my friend had developed a drug habit. 
Then she told me to just talk to Hassan (the owner?), who apparently is the most popular person on Yelp. He explained right off the bat that a chaat is random as hell. The ingredients don't really sound like they go well together and when you see it, it will look very strange. But he promised I'd like it or give me my money back. With that kind of guarantee, I could see why people like him. Since it was his dime, I went ahead and got a lassie too. 
The chicken chaat, although it didn't look very appealing, was pretty good. I can't tell you for the life of me what it tasted it like. It was sweet, salty, savory, spicy, mild, cold, lukewarm, creamy and crunchy all at the same time...just like Hassan said. Every bite tasted different than the preceding. The mixed berry lassie is basically a yogurt based smoothie and it worked well to quell the heat from the chaat. Not only did I finish everything, I gave him a tip.I ordered samosa chaat and mint+honey lassi. This was one of the best chaats I have ever had and lassi was so refreshing, he nailed it!!
I must say I didn't find lassi, made so yumm, even in India. 
A must try for everyone.The sweetest owner that knows how to introduce a new, flavorful dish that is sure to please anybody!I was so hungry and decided to search Yelp one day. Came across this cafe not too far from me by surprise and I was delighted. My first time trying chaat and it was amazing. I ordered the crazy chicken chaat salad. I'll be back again, again, and again.Such a nice place with nice staff. We went in very unknowledgable about lassi and the man recommended the mango and then gave us extra. Will be back soonOne of the best places to get inexpensive and delicious food in West Philly. The flavors are just unbelievable at times. Keep doing your thing, Mood Cafe!The guy that owns this place is really helpful & wants his customers to enjoy good food. I'd go there more often but samosas are just a once in a while treat for me, not a weekly go- to or staple. Too bad, this stuff's pretty good!Tried a lassi for the first time and it was pretty tasty. I had the mango and my friend had the fig and apple, I'd recommend both. The person that served us was super friendly and insisted we tasted his creations before we left to make sure we liked them, super friendly right? I'm A fan.I meant to do a review on Mood Cafe months ago!  I was introduced to Mood Cafe by my friend, who said that it was a phenomenal experience.  Hassan is extremely friendly towards newcomers and is always ready to give suggestions about new lassi combinations.  Whenever I go there, I always ask for a custom lassi and sometimes indulge in some tasty chaat.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone!The place is amazing, try everything on the lassi menu - if you live here and can come here again. Hasan was a splendid host and he made a special rose lassi (should be the best selling one in this area). Must visit cafe! He was caring enough to make sure we left home safe at late night - almost close to 10 PM. I will come back again when I'm in this area... thanks Mr.Haasan.. keep going and help the people with crazy tasting food..!Deliciously refreshing lassies. So many flavors popping in your mouth. A surprise in every bite. Heaven in West Philly.This place is beyond phenomenal and what an awesome taste it has !!! 
I went there by luck in search of some nice shakes (lasi) and was blown away from the variety they have there. The owner himself is a great guy and very hospitable. Even though the prices are little bit high but the quality and the great taste u get is absolutely worth it. I travel to PA just for having the chats and lasi from this place.I love this place! I'm usually not a fan of fruit smoothies, but the lassi's at Mood Cafe are great. I have tried some samples of flavors such as pineapple and melon which were very good but the mango remains my favorite. The owner is extremely welcoming and helpful and offers to make a new lassi if you are not satisfied with the one made.  Exceptional service and delicious lassi's.Mood Cafe's the place where I take all my friends - I can't believe some people still haven't heard of Hassan and his life's work to share his food with all of humanity. He waits on every customer, teaching us how to appreciate his creation and customizes the offerings on his menu to our tastes. Money isn't a priority for him; he declares that we aren't allowed to pay for our food until we've tasted it and agree that it is better than any other chaat and lassi we've ever had. And in the past he's refused my tips, given me dessert on the house, and generously treated my friends and me with his time and his life stories. He's shared with me his dream of opening a real restaurant, equipped with stoves and ovens, so that he could really share with us what he makes at home for his family. What a man. You definitely won't regret coming here.Wow!  Great service and delicious food.  There is something magical about how the many of flavors mix together into delightful experience.  Crunchy smooth sweet salty tangy.  That is how he explained "Chaat".  And how is it possible to have so many Lassi flavors?  Glad I made the trip from up North.I've heard from people who know chaat that the "chaat" at Mood Cafe is not authentic at all.  The food is still good, though, so my advice for reducing cognitive dissonance in experienced chaat-eaters is to come here, eat the food & ignore the fact that they're calling it "chaat".
The chaat here is full of crispy bits, as well as bits of fresh vegetables (radish, onion), nuts, and sauces or chutneys. In addition to the Crazy Chaat I've had before, I also quite like the Punjabi Chaat -- it has the crispy bits and sweetness I like. Samosa chaat was fine; the samosa was warm, soft and comforting, pretty standard.  Shahi chaat has lots of nuts, but the combination of textures didn't suit me.
Lassis are good here. I've had rose and cardamom lassis & they were both good.
Mood Cafe has great vegetarian options that are good, healthy, and fresh. I highly recommend them!  Be aware that there isn't much seating inside.this might've been one of the few times my trusted fellow yelpers have let me down:
it was raining (pouring), and on a Saturday, it was near dinner time. this place came up, and it featured high reviews. ok i said, let's go!
mind you, i had to hail and uber to go here as i'm visiting the area, and it was a bit of a way to walk. 
before i forget, first off, the service was so great. i didnt catch the name, but he was a nice chap, very patient with our party deciding what to get, which leads me to:
the menu is a bit confusing -- no explanations so it's hard to discern the difference between your chicken tikka chaat (which i had) or the lahori tikka. FYI make sure to mention gluten free if need be when ordering as they were able to accommodate my party (yay!) also there's like 10000 different types of lassis, which is both good and bad as it might've been a tad too many choices. 
(but the PLUS IS THAT THEY HAVE VEGAN ALMOND MILK LASSIS YAY )
OK so the chicken tikka chaat: first glance looks good? first bites ok? then it hits me: where's the chicken even???? oh it's mashed? ok (?) also it was super spicy. the thing that drops this down is that the cilantro chutney was a green that no cilantro is -- it looked like it was dyed :( and so was this other tamarind chutney that was dyed red :( why tho???
also, the lassi? glad i had an option as it's not always i find almond milk lassis, but as i drank more of the mango lassi it was way too sweet. :(
all in all, for this west coaster and from this region of the world, could be better.What can I say about mood cafe that has not already been said?
1) Hassan is one of the friendliest and most welcoming person I have ever met. He creates a really unique concoction of chaat and knocks it out of the park everytime.
2) get the mango lassi
3) just get it
4) seriously.
5) It's veg and non veg friendly. Which is strange because as an Indian, this was the first time I ever had meat in my Chaat. it was absolutely awesome. 
6) If you are unfamiliar with Chaat, just get ready for an explosion of flavor and pure deliciousness of textures and tastes. Hassan does a great job at walking you through it and I seriously doubt you will ever regret coming here.My boyfriend and I visited Mood Cafe for the first time today upon the recommendation of a friend, and we'll definitely be back. We are both vegan and it was nice to see that the lassi menu was clearly labeled that any of them can be made vegan. We asked the friendly owner which of the chaats could be made vegan and he said "any of them!" He asked if it was our first time having chaat (it was) and explained what is in it. We asked him for his recommendation and he made us one samosa chaat and one #3 (I forget what it was called). Both were delicious- an interesting mix of sweet, salty, savory and spicy flavors and crunchy and soft textures. We also had a mango lassi and a peach lassi. The peach one was good but the mango was better. We'll definitely be returning for more!I was craving some Indian/Pakistani/halal food for dinner so I skimmed through Yelp and couldn't help but notice this place because it had 5 stars! So I obviously had to try it and yes, it was definitely a 5 star experience!
The owner, Hassan, was super friendly and helpful and took the time to explain what a lassi and chaat was because I told him it was my first time and I had never had them before. He said he'll take care of it and asked my boyfriend and I our meat preferences (they had a lot of choices, btw!). I asked for the chicken and my boyfriend went for the beef. I also wanted to try their lassi so he recommended the mango one, he even gave us another one because he was so certain that we were gonna love it! That way we didn't have to share! 
Both the chicken and the beef chaat were amazing! Definitely something new for my taste buds. It was very flavorful and savory, it basically had different tastes every bite I took. I personally liked the chicken better than the beef just because the chaat was so flavorful, and the chicken had less flavor than the beef so it cancels it out. 
I also ordered the veggie samosa which was also good but after trying to finish my chicken chaat (which I didn't finish their servings I would say is really good for the price) i couldn't eat any more of the samosa I felt like there were too many flavors going on in my mouth. 
But I will definitely be back mainly because of the outstanding service, and their mango lassi!I have really tried not to post a bad review but I just can't take it anymore!
I'm not sure what's going on with the place, maybe it's the employees that have been working there but the chaats are no longer as tasty and don't have the same variety of ingredients they used to have. They are also much smaller than they used to be. I really hope this is not deliberate but an error on the employees part. I'll give the place one more shot but this time I'll ask Hassan to make it for me. If it's the same then they will loose a customer.Huge selection. Everything is good. we had pani puri, lamb chat and rose Lassi. 
Customer service is good.If you're like me, you have trouble deciding what flavor milk shake-lassi-shaved ice to order when you go to your local icee eatery. Fortunate for us, Hassan has solved the dilemma: you can mix and match flavors at the uber-delicious and refreshing Mood Cafe. 
Want to branch out from the thick, rich, mango lassi but can't decide whether to try mint or honey? Why not get both! I ordered a shaved ice and was tempted yet scared by the idea of rose or sandalwood, though mango and strawberry are options as well. What to do? Shaved ice suicide! All the flavors together, double-rainbow style with fresh fruit layered in! Being from the south, shaved ices are a summer staple, but this is the best shaved ice I have ever (and likely will ever) have. Usually, once it gets all melty I toss out the syrupy liquid. But in Mood Cafe's case, I look around for a straw! Yum!
There are also plenty of vegan options-Hassan said he can make a coconut milk lassi or milk shake. I'm not a vegan, but that sounds so darn good, I may have to try it...along with about a hundred other things.Service definitely deserves 5 stars.
I give it 4 stars, overall, though, because I actually didn't think the food was that much, and for whatever reason my chaat had sweet flavors overpowering the savory flavors. It was still good, though.UPDATE: Since Hassan has made various additions to the menu, I am compelled to write an update to the review I wrote earlier.
The new additions are the kabobs, meals and soups...perfect for the cooler weather. The meals are wholesome and like 'home-made meals', especially the daals. The Shami kabobs are excellent!!
Having a sweet tooth, the newly added sweets also caught my eye. I tried the ras malai and carrot halwa, and they are delicious!
In spite of all these additions, one thing is the same - Hassan's enthusiasm and love for what he does. The taste and quality of all his products is consistently good! Its already a regular haunt for me, but with the frequent, new and absolutely lip-smacking additions Hassan is always making, it is a fun trip everytime! Whenever I go there, I have this question - what new, yummy thing will Hassan have today? And I must say, I have never been disappointed!
------------------------
Coming from the land of chaat and lassis, I must say, I am impressed! I discovered it, right on its second day of existence, and rejoiced to find not just chaats and lassis, but awesome milkshakes, shaved ice and FRESH SQUEEZED juices. So far, I have been here about 5 times, getting something new each time. Usually, I am the kind who sticks to my favorites and is wary of venturing onto something new, but this place has so many tempting options, that you just have to try them. 
The chaats are quite authentic with all the chaat-imperative sauces and ingredients spot on. I especially love the aloo paapri chaat and the dhokla chaat. 
Hassan, the owner, is enthusiastic and is really proud of the products he serves. He especially prides himself on selling fresh juices, which true to the word and absolutely fresh, delicious and refreshing, with no preservatives or sugar, Hassan proudly states. He is generous and gives you samplers the juices ready - the latest addition to the list is grape juice, quite delicious. My favorites are the orange juice and apple juice, with the carrot juice and beet juice following at a close second place.
The lassis and the milkshakes are divine! My choice would be: the all-berry lassi and the saffron milk-shake (Hassan made me a special one, after I told him that I like cooling flavor of sandalwood too). 
Gotta go there!I met Hassan the other day and he could not have been more welcoming and friendly! We tried his Lassi's and our jaws dropped in disbelief... They were incredible. The perfect mixture of smooth, creamy and cold. And not only were they delicious, they were gorgeous and marbleized.... it was almost too beautiful to drink! The mango Lassi was what I tried so far and I can't wait to go back and try all 60 flavors. We also tried the Chaat and I've never had anything like it. Hassan describes them as "Indian Nachos" and I couldn't have put it better myself. You MUST try Mood Cafe, you will not be disappointed.-the food is clearly fresh and delicious
-the Lassi is great, try it out,
-the owner is genuinely the best service provider I've ever encountered at any price point
- it's absolutely worth a trip, it's clear why this place is so lovedMood cafe was an interesting experience, since I had never had this style food before. The mango was delicious and the employee was nice. I also appreciate the opportunity to try this food.
It would be nice to have more people working there because ordering took unnecessarily long and once we got the food, a long line had formed right next to our table, making it unpleasant to eat. The obvious need for security was also unnerving (closed circuit tv prominently displayed).Such good lassis. So many flavors so delicious/refreshing. I've gotten cardamom rose and rose pistachio and they were both so good.I was looking for inexpensive quick food. So I yelped and now Im a fan. At first i was concerned because everything was premade and he had a microwave. But this place was AWESOME.Mood cafe is a must go place!! I saw the reviews and wanted to try once, then found to be one of the best chaat places. Indian chaats modified with papdi,cut  fruits and chutneys. Dont expect to see typical chaat here, instead try out different flavourful new combinations. Also I was shocked to see 60 types of Lassi!! OMG just awesome. I had Samosa chaat, Almond pistachio lassi and my hubby had Panjabi chaat, original lassi. Everything was delicious, worth five stars. Owner is really courteous and talkative, it was almost closing time and still he took time to talk with us. I cant wait to visit this place again."Rose lassi is the best, don't pay unless you like" said the server Hasan (owner), indeed it was the best Rose lassi with rose petals in it"Do you accept credit card?"
"I do, but the machine isn't working right now."
"Hmm.. I don't have any cash on me"
"Don't worry about it. You can pay for it the next time you come."
"Assuming there's a next time."
"We'll see about that. :)"
'nuf said! Hassan is legit. He also spent 10 minutes explaining what chaat was.
Small space. Clean. Not much indoor seating (10?). Organized menu. Chaat was deliciously spicy (per my request.)
If it were only more conveniently located...Hassan is awesome and always hooks it up.  Cannot go wrong with the "just make me whatever you feel like" option. Check out this rave review from the Good Yummy Eats food blog: http://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2013/08/18/mood-cafe-ecstasy-guaranteed/In all honesty, nothing that I say here will do anything except add to the truth we already know: this is one of the most fabulous eating establishments in all of Philadelphia. 
I came here with my parents and a couple of friends. None of us had the slightest idea about what to order. No problem. The lone man at the counter asked us what meat we preferred, the level of spice we were looking to try, and if there were any sauces we were opposed to. The answers to those three questions produced, for each of us, a magical and absolutely exquisite combination that stunned the group into happy silence. 
The lassi is also phenomenal. We each tried a different flavor--all amazing! Instead of tossing the leftovers, the man at the counter gave us all of the extras in smaller cups so we could sample them from each other. 
If you are anywhere near this place (as in, somewhere within the city limits of Philadelphia) you MUST try the food here. It will be a simple and unforgettable dining experience.I can't speak highly enough of The Mood Cafe. The guy running the place gave us an outstanding background & description of each of the dishes, delighting those of us in the group who were unfamiliar with chaat.  His charm also worked magic on the food: it was mouthwatering; An impeccable explosion of sweet & savory.  We sampled a few dishes & shared it family style.  Each dish was unique and flavorful. I cherished every bite and look forward to the next time I'm in town. First stop: Mood Cafe, a delicious destination for locals & travelers alike.The service is fantastic. The owner is incredibly friendly and more than willing to answer any questions you may have about the chaat and lassi. Some of the lassis use box fruit juice, but that doesn't make it any less delicious. Rose in particular was really good.