Morgan's Pier is perfect for those balmy summer nights when all you want is a pretty view, nice weather, and some yummy drinks with your friends.
I didn't get to try any of their food, but I would highly recommend the Watermelon Ricky and the White Sangria if you prefer something sweet and fruity.
I loved the super low-key and laid-back vibe here. Definitely one of my new favorite spots in Philly.What a great concept/idea for a fresh, summertime, waterfront hangout. A great job was done on the decor and layout. Lots of buzz in every direction about this place and for good reason - I can see this becoming a regular warm weather hangout over the next few months for myself and many friends. As a seasoned patron of many of our great city's drinking and dining establishments, a rule to live by is to avoid avoid avoid anywhere until they've been open for at least a few weeks to give them time to iron out the kinks. Even the best establishments need training wheels at first, and that's OK. We expect it. 
We made the mistake of thinking it might be low-key and not-so-crowded on Memorial Day Monday after a full-on 'grand opening' weekend. I wouldn't say it was packed, but it was very crowded when we arrived. We had hoped to saddle up to the bar and enjoy a drink and maybe some food, but sadly my fiance and I were only able to find one stool and sorta share it while we had a few drinks and scoped out a table. The beer list is extensive and varied, and I love that they have a decent amount of canned (cheaper) beers. The 3-4 members of the bar staff we dealt with were slammed, yet were all pleasant, seemed experienced and were on point. No complaints there. I just wished we'd stayed at the bar. 
After a while our bellies were rumbling and we had given up on hopes of eating at the bar and pounced on a high top table near the stage/DJ (who needs a lesson on volume control/EQ'ing, but that's another story!). As mentioned, we know and expect any establishment will have hiccups on opening weekend. Table service, however, was sorely lacking. The table we grabbed hadn't been cleared and we waited for a good 15 minutes before a busboy or server even glanced in our direction (there was no hostess - the bartender directed us to sit at any table that was open). 
Eventually a busboy swooped by and grabbed the empty cans and trash left from the previous customers. Not once did anyone wipe down our table or provide clean napkins/silverware. Eventually a waitress stopped and asked if we "were OK" (as if she/someone already greeted us and taken an order). We explained we wanted to order food and drinks - my fiance and I each ordered canned beer assuming it wouldn't be a long wait. It was then we were informed half of the beers on our menus were no longer available because, in the servers words "the management did not plan this out very well". For food, I ordered the popcorn shrimp, and a burger and fries and my fiance asked for the chopped salad w/ buttermilk dressing. We were never offered water. No biggie, but the high in Philadelphia yesterday was 90 degrees. Also, table still never wiped down, no silverware/napkins.
After a healthy 20-25 minute wait, our food arrived. But not our canned beers. My burger was tiny but tasty and the fries reminded me of Mickey Dee's, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. The popcorn shrimp was also average - not bad, not great. The salad my fiance received was not only NOT chopped (ripped, maybe?) but was completely missing dressing. Also, still no silverware. Was she expected to eat this thing with her hands? At this point our server was nowhere to be found. Neither were our canned beers we had now ordered a half hour ago. Hmmmmmmm. 
Finally our flustered server resurfaced with the silverware, when we inquired about our canned beers she took on the look of a deer in headlights, and rushed away after promising that the beers were on the house. Another 10 minutes pass (you can't make this stuff up), the beers arrive with a second promise from our waitress that they are on the house. We thank her, she walks away, and... what a surprise! One of the beers is wrong! *Facepalm* 
At this point, we're simply trying to quickly finish up our food (the salad was average according to my other half) and either get out while we're still relatively calm, or settle our tab and head back to the now less crowded bar. We ask for our check, and comically, she has it to us instantly. And what happens to be on the check!?!? The beers that she promised were on the house (on multiple occasions!!!I) Ugh. I couldn't help but laugh. 
At this point it was either leave a shitty tip, make a scene with the waitress, or ask for the manager. The easiest and most gratifying thing to do was to take a deep breath, and... leave a shitty tip. So that's what we did. And, as someone who has worked in the service industry and has many friends and family who have and still do - I feel appropriately guilty about leaving such a shitty tip - but that's the trade off for such shitty, shitty, service. 
In closing, this place has TONS of potential and will probably do very well. As I've mentioned above we expected to have less than perfect service, and they'll no doubt iron out these kinks in time. We can only hope they quickly filter out the inexperienced/clueless employees & focus on a better overall customer experience.I'm really torn over this review. I want to say lots of positive things, but most of that goes towards the ambiance. You really can't beat this view. Everyone is so hyped up that George Sabatino is here, and I don't mean to be hard on the guy, but it's not just food that I'm droooling over. 
I ordered the cheeseburger and my friend ordered the bacon sandwich. The cheeseburger was fine, but if I'm going to pay that much, I'd rather go to Shake Shack. And it's still a pet peeve of mine when they don't come with fries and you have to pay extra. Though I am a fan of pickled veggies, which all the sandwiches here come with. My friend's bacon sandwich was very dry. The bread definitely needed more than some residual fat and swipe of mustard. It needs a sauce. I tried to use the aioli from the fries but it still didn't quite do the trick. The Really Good Fries are not as good as advertised. They're overly salty and the aioli is not spicy. 
To drink, I got a Dark and Stormy which was fine (but it's not a complicated drink). My friend stuck to beer. On warmer days, I want to try a Watermelon Ricky to see if it's all the rave. I do quite enjoy the 21st Amendment beer on its own. 
I'm not opposed to trying other things on the menu. I know I'll be back because I love the patio so much. I think I'll splurge on the Dining Menu because someone ordered the whole fish and it looked delicious as it passed us.Great place. Bribe guy 75 dollars to get in. Would get 4.688 stars if install air conditioners. 
Obama out.I would give this place ZERO stars if I could .  Its disgusting and the atmosphere is horrible.  I had a fried clam sandwich that was soggy and tasteless.  The bartenders are rude and place is poorly managed.  Its a shame the waterfront spaced is so wasted in Philly.A great concept in theory, but the execution was thus:
Ran out of food Memorial Day weekend and reduced the hours they were open without adjusting the sign on their door.  If you go to a destination bar and they are not open as advertised, what then shall you do?Night time review.
Not surprised the only thing this place has going for it is location (and you're facing the wall of a bridge so its not even nice.)
The drinks are overpriced and watered down. Expected. Overcrowded past capacity? I can deal with that.
But when the door staff are complete and utter assholes? There is no way I or any of my friends will ever spend another dime here. I'm 24. Never had any hassle with ID at any bar or club on the East or West coast. This is the first time I've ever had an issue, and door staff were far from professional. I offered an alternative form of ID. Bouncer shoves me away and says he will call the cops for trespassing. 
When high school level drop outs are getting a high of what little power they can get at the front door, you know there's a problem with the venue. Add in $10 cover and the crappy music played on repeat all night and you have a recipe for success.Went here for Friday night and it was pretty packed. They have a lot of bars though so I never had to wait excessively long for a drink. Bathroom was a different story, that line was seriously ridiculous.
I like the cool foggy dance floor so I hung around the bar there for a while. At some point this chica challenged me to a dance off; she came at me hard but I held it down. These things happen so stay ready, my friend.
Overall, it's a hip weekend spot if there's nice weather. If you drink like I do, prepare to spend a good amount of money but being cool ain't easy, ya know? I'll probably go back a couple times before the Summer's over.Really wanted to love it here but really bad service - tiny annoying bugs too :( Food pretty good though!Oh Morgan's Pier, what has happened to you? I booked a work party here for a Tuesday night. The booking agent was kind of a bitch and took several days to get back to me. The rest of the staff was friendly and nice, but maybe overworked or on drugs (or both?)  The one bartender kept spilling drinks left and right. 
Ok so the food; gone are the amazing fish tacos of last year, now its really overpriced bbq joint with small portions. We ordered one of each appetizer and most of them came out cold, especially the fries and fried cauliflower. When did charging 9 dollars for 6 wings become the norm? 
The drinks were ok, overpriced and a little watered down. 
The bathrooms were super gross.
The view was great, but I doubt we'll be back.Surprisingly rude staff, was super stocked to visit and chill with some friends but we've must have somehow upset the bartender as he simply didn't hand us over our order. Been there on a hot day and there were zero cooling.Had an awesome Friday happy hour at Morgan's Pier in their opening day. We got there around 5:15 and half the restaurant was available for seating. By 8 when we left, everyone was hovering over the tables waiting for people to leave. Best, it's a gorgeous location when the weather's nice. Good breeze, awesome sun. Many of their Happy Hour beers are $3 which is an awesome deal. Food's pretty cheap too even though no HH deal. We got grilled corn and fried green tomatoes, both which were good.
But there are definitely major kinks to work out -- ie the server didn't know the HH times or specials. And despite being open only a couple hours though, the bathroom was gross. Poor design with a sensor paper towel dispenser just above the counter without space to get your hand under the sensor. The alternative were weak air dryers. Also the toilets had a lot of rust for a brand new place. Finally, the servers at a beer garden *should* know about their beers. Ours was very unknowledgeable.
But overall it was a great night. I hope Morgan's does well because it's a very welcome addition. After they have a few days to get their act in gear, I'll give them another try and update this review.We came here to have a drink and a bite midday on a Saturday. It was jam packed and loads of fun. The food was pretty good - we had a lobster roll, the fried cauliflower which was amazing, and the crispy chicken sandwich. Even though it was pricey the food really hit the spot. We will be back to enjoy this outdoor space and scene before the summer is over!The bouncers are racist and pulled out people for no reason. We were hosting an event for a student club and they don't let people in because most of us are Asians. Never host any party in this place.I went to Morgan's Pier with a group of friends yesterday, Memorial Day, during the day. The atmosphere is great. It really felt like worlds away from the city, despite the view of the bridge. It has the feel of a beach club and definitely got me in the mood for summer! We ordered food to accompany our cold drinks and this is where the experience got frustrating... My boyfriend ordered a PierBurger (advertised as a double stack) but was delivered a measly single patty on a bun. Nothing on the side. We informed the waiter of the issue, and he said he'd bring the right order... And then he said it again 20 minutes later... And again... And a third time before we decided to just nix the burger idea and go to Shake Shack. Just as our burger was "on its way" so too was our second round of drinks which never came to fruition. We nixed that second round as well and decided we'd sat in the heat for too long with shoddy (albeit friendly) service. It was time to go home. 
Aside from the spotty service, I really did enjoy Morgan's Pier and therefore: 4 stars. I would definitely give it a second shot (although my BF is reticent).Two stars is generous, but I'll give them their due since there's a great view.  
I finally made it over to this place after friends suggested going on a weeknight to enjoy the great view and good weather.  The drinks seem designed for college or precollege aged drinkers.  Gin and tonics were not good either.  Perhaps it was the disposable plastic cups(?). The food was mostly bad.  It's clear that the positive reviews of past were directly a result of Chef Sabatino and they foolishly strayed from that quality menu which Craig Laban praised.
Four of us shared a bunch of things and even the hummus was separated and gross.  I wondered if it was frozen at one point.  The only good points were the fries and the spare ribs.  Fries I can get anywhere, so that really doesn't count.  The Spare ribs were great actually.  Everything else was barely ok to bad.  If I ever went back, which I doubt, I know to stick to beer and wine.  Im too old for this place.  I know that now.The waterfront needed a new pier bar that wasn't going to attract the leftovers of The Roxy down Delaware Ave.  I couldn't pinpoint the crowd at Morgan's Pier, because everyone was having a great time...I just don't want to end up being grinded up on and roofied like I have been at Cavenaugh's or Bamboo.  
$5 cover wasn't too shabby and the Craft Beer bar was pretty exciting for me...just that the ONE bartender that was there for at least 10 of the 15 minutes I waited (in front, at the bar!) for a beer spent a lot of time staring and playing with the POS system while this other dude who must have been a barback just continuously poured himself drinks.  I'm sure that since this was opening weekend they were under water....it was just frustrating that the same kind of situation played out each time I went back.  Other than that bar the service everywhere else was great, and the atmosphere was pretty chill.  Not ridiculously packed...I could navigate.  I didn't have to wait in a terrible line for the bathroom.
When I got there the "live" music wasn't playing, it was just a DJ...but I really liked the vibe.  No stripteases happening on stage, no random fist fights, nobody yelling on the mic to MAKE SOME NOISSSSE.  There was ample seating and although I didn't see a full menu I did get a hot dog (for $2 dolla hollaaaa) on my way out and saw there's an ice cream stand.
Next time I want to go during the day to enjoy some time under an umbrella on the water.  And I want to ride my bike since I saw they have a special bike parking section!
Tip:  Don't wear heels or wedges...I regretted trying to look cute as soon as I tripped over a deck plank.  Everyone else is wearing flats, so don't be afraid!Went with a friend early on a Saturday afternoon. It's open seating so we chose a picnic table with an umbrella to provide some shade. Our server was prompt and attentive but not overly friendly. Didn't introduce herself, say welcome to Morgan's, or most importantly smile at any of my jokes!
We each ordered a Bloody Mary which was pretty good. They had adders for bacon and shrimp, $2 each. My friend got the shrimp and it was a single shrimp, medium size. Hopefully you get more than a single strip of bacon for $2 but not so sure.
Menu is limited. My friend ordered a 1/2 dozen oysters once I'd said I'd share. They were good, on the small side, with a decent sauce for dipping. It wasn't until we paid the bill that I realized they were $18! I got a clam roll for $12 and it was very tiny. Friend had some lettuce cups, two, and very tiny as well. The only item we shared that was a decent portion was some tater tots.
Great setting with view of the Ben Franklin Bridge and adjacent to a marina. But our bill for two rounds of drinks and the mentioned food items along with the gratuity we chose to give (close to 25%) came to $110. I'll be back but probably only for drinks.My favorite Philly summer bar. Great views, good beer selection, cheesy music.
I love outdoor bars, and Morgan's Pier is great. For a casual summer night, this is the spot. The music is usually cheesy as anything, and I love it. Grab and beer and sing and dance with friends. There's also a seating area with a pretty great view.
Can't wait to have a reunion when the weather gets warmer.A friend suggested we try this place for quizzo which just started there. We have been twice and really enjoy it!! The questions are good- not too hard but stupid easy either. Music and picture rounds are fun. You can't beat the view and atmosphere on the water and the outdoor feel. Wish the food was better, but drinks seem to be reasonably priced. Service has always been great, despite it being crowded they are always attentive and responsive. Definitely recommend for outdoor summer drinking and their quizzo on Tuesday evenings.Nice place but just takes ages to get served. Shame as i like this place. Will still return though and i like that they do events.
Could rework their seating arrangement to be better and bigger thoughVery bad service and unfriendly staff. They dont care about their customers. They are only getting business because they have a good location. That's it! Wont go back there again. Location doesn't justify their awful service. Really not worth it.I went to Morgan's Pier on a Wednesday night, so luckily did not face the seating problem that I expect would occur during the weekend. As others have mentioned, the layout is great. There are booths of sorts (without the high seats) and longer tables that would accommodate larger parties, as well as some smaller tables and a row of seats that look straight over the water. In addition they have two bar areas. 
The air circulates well (perhaps not so much if it were more packed), and the lights in the trees are charming. The crowd leaned to hipster, but still a friendly enough vibe overall.
For the food, we started with the crab fritters and wings. The crab fritters were my favorite dish of the evening, nicely done with a tasty aioli/tartar sauce of sorts. The wings were solid, though nobody at our table tasted much of the pineapple in the "pineapple-ancho" label of the dish. 
A friend and I got the pulled pork sandwich, while the other friend ordered the ramp sausage sandwich. The pulled pork was tender enough, but the sauce did not have a particularly memorable flavor and there wasn't enough of it on either of our sandwiches. My friend felt eh about the sausage, though didn't seem to have any particular complaints.
Overall, I enjoyed the experience, mostly due to being outdoors, having a laid-back night out with friends where we could hear each other speak, and the pretty scenery. I would return on a weeknight just to enjoy the outdoor space, though would probably only order drinks and appetizers.This was my second experience at Morgans Pier.  The first was fun, happy hour after work.  But I was a little disappointed in their "specialty cocktails".   They weren't as good as I'd hoped.  Last night however, was a different story.   First off, the band was terrible, my god, like bash me with a brick terrible.   It didn't even sound real.  It was like they were playing an MP3 overdub.  They sounded like one of those bands where someone says, "I respect them because they're musicians".  That mellow soft rock that doesn't really have any feelings attached to it.  Just mediocre music for a mediocre bar.  Secondly, the atmosphere.  It is frankly impossible to approach anyone in that bar without feeling uncomfortable.  Imagine Jersey shore, yep, there you go.  This was after a 311 concert so I expected some relaxed people at the least. Third, the service.  The bartender I dealt with seemed as if he felt he "ran the show."  Frankly, I'm not sure why I paid for the drinks I did.  If you dealt with a similar person in real life, you would simply walk away.  I'm noticing a reoccurring complaint of this bar, the service behind the bar.  Apparently, my bartender was mentally incapable of holding more than one order in his brain at one time.  And made it very clear to me in a rude fashion.  I could have paid $40.00 to go to the 311 concert, but instead paid $50.00  for 3 drinks and deal with the horrible atmosphere, people, and service.  No joke.  $50.00 for two jack and cokes and one tequila and cranberry.  Mid shelf liquor for $50.00.  I would prefer to go to the farmers cabinet and spend $50.00 any day of the week.  I doubt I will ever go back there again.   It only gets 2 stars specifically directed towards the view of bridge and water.I don't get why this place has such a following. It has a beautiful location, true, and i've given it numerous chances but every time it's just not my scene. First of all, $24 for two long islands?! I'm a bartender so i know that long islands are a pretty pricey drink but $12 a pop with mostly sour mix added and in small cups? WHYYYY!?
The music is just not my style. A lot of weird techno, and i'm pretty open to music, but i rarely find a night there where i can really get down, and i avoid the dancefloor like the plague since it's a breeding ground for creeps. It's always the biggest weirdos that flock there. Between the lurkers with bad fashion, the over abundance of fog machines, and horrible lights i always feel like i'm having a bad trip. 
It's always packed with snotty, judgmental girls with bad haircuts and guys in crappy plaid shirts and the sex appeal of some smelly, indie band kid. 
The best part about this place the hot dog stands. Two dollars for a pretty delicious dog and an abundance of toppings.
Oh, i've also eaten here- had the melon salad which was NOT what i expected, god awful, and not worth the money i paid. My friends got a burger that looked less than mediocre, and root beer peanuts which tasted like soggy beatles rolled in dirt.I had high hopes for Morgan's Pier given it's fantastic location. However, I was quickly disappointed, mostly because it really wasn't my scene. The venue itself is actually pretty nice and they utilized the space well and the addition of the food trucks/carts is a cool idea. The music was what really killed it for me because I just couldn't get into in. For me, if I'm not put in a dancing mood my the music, I definitely will not return. Add that to the long bathroom line and unfortunately Morgan's Pier will not make it onto my list of go-to spots in the city.Don't waste your time. Bouncers are a-holes, drinks are severely overpriced, and the food is below par. There are 100 better places to go in the city. Glad I only spent 10 minutes in there, couldn't get out fast enough.I agree with some of the other reviewers that this place is great in theory, but very poor in its execution. I went Sunday of the opening (Memorial Day) weekend around 9pm-ish. There were maybe three servers in the area I was sitting when they probably needed double that. We ended up having to flag down a server after sitting for about 20 minutes without being acknowledged. When I flagged her down, she was clearly swamped and told us to give her a minute and she'd be back. We got our food after an hour of sitting there and the server forgot our drinks, so we actually didn't get our drinks for over an hour. When we did get our food it was a vast disappointment. Granted, our food was cold when we got it. I had the portobello mushroom sandwich, which was the smallest portobello mushroom possible on a regular hamburger bun with some goat cheese. Also also, something must have been wrong with the keg from which my friend's beer came cause it seemed to have some clumpy, cloudy hop or yeast sediment settling at the bottom half of the glass.
All in all, I think this was mostly just a first weekend fluke. My best guess is the management grossly underestimated the turn out and did not properly train its staff. But, I probably wouldn't go back unless something monumental was happening there.I came here with some friends that were in town and the place looks nice, good music, great view. We ordered burgers. Food and drinks are ok, nothing that stands out from other places. It's very packed so finding a space to sit is not easy. But the service was AWFUL! The waitress spilled a drink on me, she was moody and took a long time to bring our drinks. I asked for napkins to dry myself and that also took forever.* Bar review only, not food **
You have to know what you're walking into here -- and you might have a better experience or pre-game so you're drunk enough to enjoy.
Pros -- the view. It's a great spot in the spring, cooler nights of the summer, and into the fall . You've got a great view of the Ben Franklin Bridge overseeing the water, and it's a decent spot to go out with some friends and go dancing in a casual environment where you don't need to dress up. 
"Cons" - now I say cons with air quotes because hey, some people might enjoy the crowds, we're all different.
A true con though -- is the wait at the bar. It's ridiculously packed and crowded on the weekends, you'll be waiting 5-10 minutes for a drink at the bar, so choose 1 friend have him/her order all your groups' drinks and you'll be set.
The music is much different that I remembered it last summer. I enjoyed their ambient, chill " edm" music. The music this past Saturday wasn't my scene -- top 40s, very college-esque. 
Expect large crowds, being shoulder to shoulder with other people and it can get pretty stuffy on the dance floor even though this is outdoors. Depending on what you're looking for -- this might be your spot to go and have a no-fuss-casual good time ( no fuss except your wait for drinks.._.. or a spot you want to avoid. It's a younger crowd like I said a lot of college students. Choose your poisonOh my goodness, that VIEW.  That was the best part of my experience at Morgan's Pier.  I was there with 10 or so of my girlfriends on a Bachelorette party evening.  We were there around 10:30/11pm and to glance up at the beautifully lit-up Ben Franklin bridge with a cold drink in our hands was super cool.  
We danced for a good twenty minutes and then left because it was all house music (Saturday night).  We asked if that's what would be going on all night and when the bouncer affirmed, we headed out to find a place with more hip-hop/R&B. 
The place is spacious and didn't have a meat market feel.  It's also really cool to dance outside.  
I think the two worst parts were 1) the music (just not our taste) and 2) when I bought two beers and three shots for me and some girls and the bartender followed-up with, "that'll be $46."  Ouch.Good booze with excellent prices. Had a excellent view to the port and Philadelphia bridge. The environment is so lively especially on a Friday. They can improve on the music however**Review for nightlife**
This place was jam packed over July 4th wkend. No dress code it seems and no cover for the ladies (remember to smile!) for us. 
The music is more of a happy EDM type spin - I can't wrap my head around it. It was difficult to dance to as well, so a lot of people just sat around and drank. What I do remember is of those who chose to dance were very memorable characters (in a good and bad way) 
Regardless, I'd pass coming here again if I'm ever back in Philly again.If you keep up with the Philly food scene, you know that there's always some debate when Philly Mag's Top 50 Best Restaurant list comes out. For 2012, Stateside was a new addition and #1 to boot. While there was some debate as to Stateside being at the top of the list, there was no surprise when Stateside's creative chef, George Sabatino, was named best new chef.  
Shortly thereafter though, Chef Sabatino decided to jump ship and head over to Morgan's Pier of all places. Not especially known for pushing out the most creative dishes from its "kitchen," Morgan's Pier (pre-Sabatino) was certainly well known for the throngs of people looking for a cheap drink by the river. I couldn't help but be intrigued at the potential new menu and Chef Sabatino's leap from cooking for approximately 30 diners to several hundred a night. So I decided to check out the new "picnic" menu with the GF and some friends.
Bloody Mary ($8)
Absolut Citron, lemon, smoked pickled green beans, salted chili rim
I decided to start the night off with a Bloody Mary, knowing that I would appreciate a drink with some spice to offset the impending pork belly and fries that I was looking to order. This wasn't my favorite iteration of the ubiquitous cocktail, but it definitely had the abundantly spicy kick that I was looking for. The smoked pickled green bean was an interesting twist, though was more appropriate to suck on than nibble. It did offer some countervailing astringency to the drink. Still, I think going with beer here would be par for the course though.
All Kinds of Melons ($8)
Fresh goat cheese, hazelnuts  
The GF started off with the melon salad, a gorgeous medley of fruit that was compressed and pickled with ginger beer. Each bite was a quenching burst of flavor, highlighted by the vinaigrette. The fresh goat cheese offered creamy tang, with the candied hazelnuts offering sweetness and texture to offset the peppery arugula. 
Cheese Croquettes ($5)
Sauteed kale, Romesco 
I started off with the cheese croquettes, a quartet of crispy morsels filled with a creamy mixture of sauteed kale and cheese, atop a sweet Romesco sauce. Nice, but I couldn't help but want more (quantity, not quality!).
BBQ Pulled Mushroom Sandwich ($8)
Romaine hearts, Gigi's cucumber salad 
For her main, the GF went with the pulled mushroom sandwich. Unfortunately, the texture was not to her liking. The mushrooms were slimy. I did appreciate the flavor that was imparted in them - sweet and smoky.
There was some texture from the romaine and the cucumber, but I felt like this sandwich needed something more. The bun was airy, yet a a bit too limp, especially considering the texture of the "pulled" mushrooms. A side of pickled carrots and onions was provided as well.
Crispy Thick Cut Bacon Sandwich ($7.50)
Apricot mustard, slaw 
I knew that "crisp thick cut bacon" meant pork belly, which is obviously a must-order for me. Unfortunately, I was immediately turned off by the thick, rustic bun. I get that the pork belly is innately heavy so perhaps the bun was meant to offset that heft. Unfortunately, it was way too dry, especially considering there was not enough of the apricot mustard to cut through the fattiness of the belly. The pork belly was certainly the highlight of the sandwich - perfectly unctuous. In fact in retrospect, I would have been happy eating the innards of the sandwich with just a fork and knife. The slaw provided a nice textural crunch with a slight vinegary tang. The standard side of the day accompanied this sandwich as well.
Really Good Fries ($3 small / $7 large)
Spicy salt, aioli
And last, but certainly not least, I ordered a large order of the aptly named fries for the table. If you're thinking about the fries, go big or go home. For a large order, you get a huge tray of these delicious thin-cut fries. Salty, crispy, and creamy - they were definitely aggressively seasoned and served with an aioli with some subtly smoky spice to it. Perfect to pair with a drink or three.
Overall, if you're looking for decent bites in a relaxed setting by the river, Morgan's Pier is a good bet. Grab a beer and get some friends together to try some of Chef Sabatino's dishes. While some missed the mark, the flavors were generally there. And certainly with the appetizers, you can see some of the technique that has been infused into the kitchen thanks to the Chef. Next time around, I'll be sure to try the futuristic burger - cooked sous-vide, flash-frozen with liquid nitrogen, and deep-fried to order. I suppose that's something you'd expect from someone crowned best new chef in Philly. 
Disclaimer: 4 stars considering the atmosphere on a Tuesday night was relaxed and you could actually enjoy the scene. According to the other reviews though, I'd stay away on weekend nights unless you're looking to kick it at the Jersey shore.Excellent place the view is incredible, good drinks and lots of different beers, it is great for groups, the food is really good, I recommend this place, will come back again.Visiting for the weekend. Headed here with a large group. 
Beautiful view and nice location. Right on water looking up at the bridge. 
Dj was not great. Lotta techno and house. 
Great beer selection and very good bartenders. 
Really fun place although I don't usually pay cover. 5 bucks isn't too badOnly good thing about this place is the location. Service is awful. If you like waiting 30 mins for a drink or 1 hour for a burger then this place is for you. They should fire the management and get people in there that can run a decent establishment. What a waste of Philadelphia water front.This DJ blows. I never heard these weird funky tunes before but they are NOT working ... for anyone.I'd come back here for two things: to drink a few craft beers outside by the water, and to eat corn crab fritters.
I'd think twice about coming back here because: service sucks, and the menu isn't that exciting.
My husband and I grabbed dinner here last night, on what was a random Tuesday night around 6:30pm.  We had no problem getting seated, and appreciated the various seating arrangements you can choose from.  Our waitress was nice enough, but she took easily 15 minutes to bring us our beers. The food menu is on the smaller side, and not too exciting.  We started with corn crab fritters, and then a grilled sausage sandwich and fried chicken tacos. Everything came out at once, which was annoying, and the sandwich came slathered in mustard even though I requested no mustard. The corn crab fritters were pretty amazing, and the rest was ok.  The sausage sandwich was just a grilled Italian sausage on a Martin's hot dog potato roll with no cheese or peppers to jazz it up.  The fried chicken tacos consisted of 2 chicken nuggets, a dallop of cole slaw, and a splash of hot sauce.  We were definitely expecting better food, but I guess we shouldn't have given the prices.
So yes, I'm sure we'll be back for a cheap lunch on a sunny Sunday, but I doubt we'll do dinner here again.  While the ambiance is great, the wait staff & food are just blah.Stopped by Morgan's Pier on Memorial Day with my family for some food and drinks. As a long time fan of George Sabatino, I was excited to see what he had planned for Morgan's Pier, and I was not disappointed! There were 5 of us so we decided to order a bunch of plates for the table to split. Cheesy kale croquettes were ridiculously flavorful and delicious. We also got the whole roasted Branzino that was just as delicious as it looked. Added bonus: No bones! It made it a lot simpler for the table to split. Another big surprise was the shrimp cocktail. Yeah I know what you're thinking, shrimp cocktail? The shrimp was really fresh and the Miso mustard that came with it was out of this world. We also ordered the BBQ sampler:Ribs, porkbelly, rabbit rillettes, home made sausage and vegan baked beans. The sausage and baked beans definitely were the favorite among the table.We obviously ordered a lot more food but I was enjoying one too many Watermelon Ricky's and things started to get a little blurry. One thing I do remember though was that our server was awesome! I think her name was Amanda? She was super attentive with checking on our table, clearing our plates to make room for more food, and making sure none of us had a dry drink! I will absolutely be back to Morgan's Pier and can't wait to try more of the menu!I was excited to hear about the opening of Morgan's Pier because the area is in desparate need of more outdoor seating venues.  The location is prime for spectacular views so removing the roof makes all the sense in the world.  
Morgan's Pier owners and operators know their marketing.  Plenty of buzz was circulating about this place so I was excited to get down and try it out.   The buzz was so high, it may be hard to fill the hype.  I was suprised at the exterior facade to be honest, very no frills and understated.  While not appauling, I think they missed the mark on the intended vibe.  The use of repurposed loading pallets works well on the walls on the interior, but looks out of place when viewing from outside.  I'll forgive the looks if they deliver on taste and selection.  Once inside, things get better. 
The layout is spectactular.  It allows the interior space to wear many hats, if you will.  For example, the night I arrived, there was a dance party going on to my right while others gathered for drinks at the back to enjoy the views.  Simultaniously others enjoyed the Draft Beer house to the left while I sat and ate dinner with my girlfriend and dozens of other patrons.  At no point did I feel crowded or out of place.  Very well done, indeed.
I found no problem finding seats for 2 on opening weekend for dinner and drinks.  The menu is simple and straight forward, your standard bar foods with a nice element to set them apart.  Portions are on the smaller side, although you won't be starved.  I was pleased with the big taste of my burger, though at first I felt it was rather "backyard on the grill."  The beer menu and cocktails are the real highlight.  Standard Philly faves like PBR and Buds are $2-3 while a long list of microbrews and local ales will keep the higher-brow patrons satisfied.  
In addition to the menu, the space boasts several food cart-y types offering tacos and dogs.  I'm a soccer for street meat and found no qualms with paying $3 for a grilled dog on the way out.  It was excellent!
Like so many others have said, it's great in theory but lacks in execution entirely.  It's almost as if I like the idea of it more than I actually like it.   That said, I'm remaining optomisitc and I'll definitely go back to Morgan's.  It looks like a place that can house a number of "crowds" and satisfy everyone.  Food was good enough at the price point, beers are well priced and provide a great selection, and I love the view of the Ben Franklin plenty, so this is a sure bet. I wonder about long term viability.  I hope people can get behind it and they can maintain the buzz throughout the summer months.  I'd hate to see another abandoned restaurant along the Delaware.The food and the service was terrible. Just...awful. How's this still open? Stay away, unless you're just going for the outdoorsy vibe. Peace.Morgan's Pier has an amazing view, good service, wonderful garden, and great food. It's suprisingly inexpensive! Everything was perfect so we always had dinner here during our stay in Philly. We really enjoy our time and love Philly more than we expect because of Morgan's Pier!I think everyone is very excited about this new bar right on the water. I know I was-and I can't wait to go back!
Prices: $5 cover to get in which seems reasonable for a Saturday night. $2 hot dogs being served from vendor carts. $2 PBRs. Definitely seemed reasonable overall. 
The drinks: The beer menu is pretty diverse. Yes they have Yuengling, Coors, and PBR but they have craft beers too. I was the DD so I didn't get to drink but they are also supposed to have a bar full of signature cocktails. 
The atmosphere: This bar is going to be packed all the time. The crowd was diverse-girls dressed to impress, hipsters, etc. Seating was hard to come by which stinks-it's supposed to be a beer garden, not a club.
Overall, it's off to a great start. I'm looking forward to going back during the day for drinks.The food is good and the atmosphere was even better. The beer pitchers are perfect for 2 if you're looking to snack and hand around for a couple hours. Whether you're a partying post-grad, chatting with your other mom-friends, or catching up with an old friend, this is a good spot.AWFUL! extremely unfriendly staff. The management believes people will go for their prime location. I wouldn't consider going there again. Worst costumer service I have ever experienced.I went to Morgan's on a Friday night for a couple of hours.  I got in before the cover charge started, it seemed like people eating dinner were thinning out and the place was on the verge of turning into a full blown Jersey shore club.  From what I have read on others' Yelp reviews, perhaps I left at a good time.  While I was there early in the evening, it was a relaxed atmosphere with good drinks on the water.  I was happy to see that they serve dark and stormies and the servers were always available to refill your glass.Nice outdoor beer garden on the Delaware river overlooking the marina. The atmosphere is the best aspect of this bar. There are tons of tables with craft beer stations scattered around. The food is somewhere between subpar and mediocre. I had the blackened tuna burger with aioli which was ok. My friends and I split the salt and pepper squid which lacked any kind of specific taste and was pretty bland. My friend Zaslav is insisting "the grilled corn on the cob is lathered with butter and is fantastically delicious". Overall a cool place to grab a few beers on a weekend afternoon on a nice day but would not rely on the food for a decent meal.Can't give it any stars. Had reservations for 15 for a graduation dinner, on Saturday june 10, we arrived 15 minutes early to find they would not honor our reservation because they were 'busy'  . We spoke with Amanda to make the reservation on monday of this week.  If she answers when you call hang up and go elswhere.The place looks really nice as it has lights and is on the water with the view of new jersey and boats all around. However, the food was not great. The lobster roll had no flavor and was on the pricey end. The guac and chips was the best bang for your buck as it was fresh and only $7. I did not like that wine was served in plastic cups and that my tequila sunrise tasted just like oj with pulp.can't beat the location and view if you like being by the water.  good energy and vibe.  food and drinks are a little expensive for what you get but i guess you're paying for the atmosphere.  tried the fish sandwich and tomato salad.  neither was amazing but both were good.  also had the fries, they're yummy and heavily seasoned.  went on a saturday night and it was busy the entire time.  service was solid.  we'll be back..Came here for the night scene with a group of friends it was a cool place, lots of seating and a good view of the Ben Franklin bridge.  Pretty chill place to grab drinks.Come for a beer and watch the sun go down.  Skip the food. UNLESS IT'S LITTLE BABY'S ICE CREAM, but that's a separate review.I headed to Morgan's Pier after checking out Race Street Pier.  The weather was hot and I figured it would be the perfect place.  Upon entry, the place was full, so my friend and I stood by the bar and ordered two drinks.
I tried the Watermelon Wheat beer and it was delicious.  I want to go back just for that.  
We didn't try the food, and honestly, I don't think I'd ever come here to eat.  
I want to go back, just for location alone.I'm not sure where to start with this place. It's organized chaos. Seat yourself on a Saturday night and wait to see if a waiter will come over. Our waiter was nice enough but clearly swamped. We were patient and didn't complain when he brought a drink we didn't ask for, but the icing on the cake was when we bit the bullet and just paid for the drink and deducted the price from his tip. He stops is and says we didn't give him enough to cover the bill. Are you kidding me? This idiot actually thought we were going to fall for that. After one of my friends quickly shut that down he starts asking us what he did wrong to deserve the tip he got. In what world do servers act like that?Pretty nice place. Sadly this place is seasonal so not all can enjoy all year around. they have pretty good food and drinks with great services and music.Ok obviously Morgan's is great for its atmosphere and for people watching and blah blah blah. But their food? Ugh, pass. 
 My friends and I picked a table closest to the water near the larger bar. Bad idea if you want table service because you might end up waiting anywhere from a minute to FORTY minutes just to get drink orders in.  Despite our large group and trying to hail whomever was around to grab our order,  we ended up only getting our orders in about an hour after we sat down. That was indeed a bummer.   Anywhoo,ordered the  italian sausage because I was starving and my friend had told me that their burgers weren't really on point. I expected the sausage to be just like any other sausage:bit greasy but flavorful. I knew it would be coming with some kale and garnish on top, but when I bit into the entire thing, the kale tasted literally like grass. I dumped the kale-garnish to the side and ate only about a half of the sausage. The sausage itself tasted as if it were burnt ( i couldn't really tell because of course it was dark as hell ). My other friend ordered the pickled beans or asparagus (something green that was pickled). That was pretty solid and was consumed within minutes. Their clam sandwich was made as if, in the words of my friend, "someone just dumped a bunch of clam meat into an open hamburger bun and hoped the sauce would flavor it up. "  She wasn't too thrilled by the lack of oomph for the sandwich and didn't eat the entire thing.  The fries were nothing special-not even any rosemary or spices to coat the fries.
Our waiter was helpful and even returned for us a few drink orders that weren't made up to par with no hesitation.Great location, Terrible food...
A beautiful day with a gorgeous view only to be to ruined by terrible food.  Everything was pretty gross.  Fried pickles were rock solid...seriously, they were cement hard.  What was the chef thinking with that batter?!?!  Nuggets that I feed to my children were obviously frozen and extremely dry.  I questioned if they were edible and after taking a bite myself, I was grossed out (picture uploaded).  My poor children....I hope they don't get sick.  Wings, fries and hush puppies were all overly salty.
Only thing worth coming here for is the view.  It's a shame that I wasted a beautiful Sunday morning with my family on this meal.  What is your problem Morgan's Pier?!?!i got bahn mi from morgan's pier and I'm so mad at myself. I dont know what I was thinking. it's 99% my fault. im sorry.Like many others, I avoid this place at night on the weekends... but it's a great spot to go during the day. Plus, if you go in during the day, you won't have to pay the cover later on. 
Other than the view, the things that stand out to me are the vegan hot dogs and the Hell or High Watermelon always in stock. I'm a fan of both of these items... however, I wish they'd open up the hot dog stand a little earlier! 
If you go at night, be prepared for the overflow from all the surrounding creeptastic places.Very cute atmosphere but filled with loud, obnoxious people. The food was absolutely horrendous- I rarely leave a bad review, but this was shockingly bad. All we had were appetizers and they were barely edible. The soft pretzel and fried pickles were worse than what you could make at home, and my friend had a burger that was the thinnest frozen patty I have ever seen. If you come here stick to drinks and the pretty view!Was looking to have a few beers in a relaxed setting Sunday afternoon (ala Frankford Hall) and was disappointed I had to pay a $5 cover to hear a DJ playing dance club music.  Would have expected that later at night and wouldn't have minded paying a cover for a band.  Plus it was weird mix of families with little kids and the party crowd.  Not sure what this place is supposed to be.  Think I'll stick to Frankford Hall or the Piazza when looking for a mellow stop somewhere.This is solely for the late night drinking experience on Saturday.  I've never eaten here.
If this was last summer, I'd give it 5 stars:  no cover, no lines, no shitty crowds, amazing live performances (ICONA POP!), and a little smaller in size, hence more of a fun, dancy vibe.
This summer, I'm a bit shocked at how much it's changed.  There was a $5 cover, a line (luckily we got there at 10 instead of 11 when the heavy crowds roll in), a weird mix of people, and a DJ that played what sounded to me like all transition music....that bland kind of house you'd hear while shopping somewhere high-end like Barney's.  No vocals, no buildups or breakdowns....nothing to change of the pace of the monotonous beat.  
Since last year, it looks like they've added on to the dance floor and made it bigger which was really awkward when you're the only group dancing and people just watch you from the outskirts.  When it was smaller, it forced people to be more sociable and the vibe was a lot better.  Plus, there's a damn smoke machine now? I'm fine with a little bit here and there but that thing was blasting so hard I could barely see the DJ and his strobe lights through it.
FYI: don't order the slushy that boasts to have "fresh melon" and white rum.  It not only tasted like those gross, cloyingly sweet pre-mixed frozen packets you can buy at the supermarket, but it made us all so parched we had to flag down our waitress for some water.  Not fresh at all.  You're better off sticking to the wide variety of beer they offer here.
I'm still giving it a 3 star rating because the drink selection is a lot better than Cavanaugh's, and the outdoor area is too damn cute, especially if you're in the mood for a chill kind of night.  I'm still really glad anyone can sit on the decks and it's not sectioned off for VIP.  Plus, you can get a server and skip waiting at the bar.
Maybe I'll come back on Thursdays when it's RJD2 performing and it's supposedly hoppin'.I went on a Saturday around 8:00pm. The place is beautiful, and the service is good.. but it gets way too crowded. The food was just okay and the portions were really small. We were told we had to seat ourselves, so we kind of just stood around and had to watch for a table to open up, and race people to it when we found one. 
I would come definitely visit again, but earlier in the day and just for a few drinks.Terrible service. We sat for 30 min while a waitress kept telling us out server would be coming by in a few minutes. Left before even getting water.Fish tacos lacked flavor, crab fritters were more corn bread than crab, fries were a bit too salty. Overall the atmosphere was great, but very loud so not a great place for a date.  Have a dance floor and DJ. Beautiful view of the river and bridge.The atmosphere here couldn't be beat! Great drinks ! The American mule was my favorite. Cheese curds were so good! Service was super nice . Didn't have dinner but it was a great happy spot with awesome water views! Probably wouldn't go if you want wine though...Awesome place for a midday drink in this hot and humid weather. Great view of the water and bridge.first time ... went last night with some friends for a going away dinner.. the ambiance is great. we came at 6...left around 10pm.  its perfect for some appetizers and snacks..and some beer. if you end up there too late.. the music gets really loud, you can't help but scream at the people you're with so they can hear you.
overall it was a good night... the fries really are very good... enjoyed pretty much everything we ordered. nothing was amazing... but nothing was bad. wings, shrimp cocktail, fish, etc.I have to say it  took far longer to make it over here than I thought it would but finally made it, and before the Teo Leo show coming up there which I wasn't expecting. If you're looking for outdoor seating for a period of time, and want the amazing view that comes along this may be where you want to plant yourself.
The food was average but they have a few interesting apps that are worth checking out like the Blistered Shishito Peppers that come with a runny but delicious Dill Ranch.  We had a great bar tender that was more than proactive with refills on even our water, never a bad thing.
That being said no one is going here for the food or drinks anyway, it's the seating. Which is pretty perfect.Terrible costumer service. This place is a dump. I've never had a worst time. The place kicks people out for looking the wrong way. We watched several girls get escorted out for no reason. We will not return.Service makes a difference.  We had a great waitress.  It was hot, not their fault.  Misters and fans abound but it was still hot.  She told us the wings sucked and she was right.  Dry ranch rub is not a good idea.  Should have listened.  Fish sandwich was okay.  Fries are good.  Chips and corn is okay.  $4.50 for a Bud is fine, I get it, it is Philly and we are on the water but $29 for a cocktail is strong, and I don't mean alcohol strong I mean that is too strong of a price.  
Music and crowd were fun.  Stop by for a drink and the view.  Go elsewhere to eat.No cover and not very crowded on a Thursday night. The waitstaff was pretty quick with our orders. Had a decent $8 dark and stormy. Philly totally needed a place like this. Being on the water right by the lit up bridge is really relaxing and made me feel like I was far away from city life. The music selection was a little confused. Besides the ambiance, the other best part is Little Baby's ice cream!I was here for the first time on Saturday afternoon.  Since it was during the daytime, the club type atmosphere was not happening.  My husband and I just had a beer and some wings and fries.  The service was good, fairly attentive.  The wings and fries were just ok, nothing special.  The menu in general didn't have anything that looked terribly appealing to me.  The atmosphere is nice though, and I can definitely see coming back here with a couple of friends on a summer night when there's a DJ.I've been to Morgan's Pier twice. The first time we ended up sitting at the bar on the left side...took about 10 minutes for us to get a drink, and the bartender was less than pleasant. We kept asking for certain beers and he kept saying no, that they don't serve those beers at the bar. Instead of suggesting other possible options, he kept us guessing. We also couldn't order food there, which he told us rudely. 
The second time I was there was on a Sunday afternoon, there was a 5 dollar cover charge and this obnoxiously loud DJ pumping out strange music. Also, there were kids everywhere and a guy dancing with a new born baby in his arms. It was the strangest atmosphere I've ever witnessed... Why have a DJ, a cover charge, blasting music, and then allow little toddlers to run around? I'm not entirely sure what kind of atmosphere Morgan's Pier is going for, but it definitely failed. I would've much preferred some chill relaxing music rather than dubstep beats, especially on a Sunday afternoon. 
Meh, not sure if I'll go back at this point, 0-2.Great place to bring your date or if you just want a nice place to kick it. I love the atmosphere and it's right by the bridge. You can definitely get some nice photos here and they play good music. They have patio tables all around so seating isn't hard. It's an outdoor bar so make sure you check the weather before coming here.After reading the reviews, I came here with the hubby. The weather was gorgeous and we wanted to enjoy it at an outdoor bar with the nice view. 
We showed up  around 5:00 pm on a Sunday and it was crowded. We were surprised to see it was self seating, so we walked around for a few minutes and was lucky to find two chairs facing the water.
Once seated we  really appreciate the great view of the water and Ben Franklin Bridge. This is a great place to go if you can appreciate a great view.I've only been here once and I was pretty torn about the experience. I enjoyed the view and the music very much. However I felt like the service was a bit lacking. It wasn't an overly busy night but our server was MIA for most of the time we were there and the table we sat at was very wobbly/broken. In terms of the food, it wasn't bad but I definitely wouldn't recommend for picky eaters in my personal opinion. 
I am hoping it was just an off night and I would definitely go back and give it another try.3.5 Stars if it was available. 
My wife and I went here for dinner on a Friday night then a pretty big group of friends met us for many drinks. It is a good spot to do so. They don't take reservations and seating is first come first serve. You just find a table to sit and go from there. 
The service was very good our server for dinner, Allison was a delight. They have many beers and cocktails the drinks come in plastic cups or cans.  The food was pretty good it comes when it is ready not in coarses. My wife wasn't too hungry so she just had a couple of "Appetizers" they call snacks and sides Peel & Eat Shrimp Cocktail and Grilled Turkey Tails I tried a little and they were decent nothing great, nothing horrible. I had the Hanger Steak with Potatoes it was a good steak, came on a butcher block not a plate. I thought that was pretty neat. We also shared Boiled Peanuts we love them they were also good, don't see them in this area too often. 
We moved to a large table in the back closer to the bridge when our friends arrived. There is just something about being outside by the river and the view of the bridge and boats' going by that makes this place pretty cool. We all had a great time. As the night went on this place got pretty packed with the collage age crowd. We're in our 30's and 40's but it didn't stop us from hanging out for a while.Morgan's Pier has great atmosphere but that's about it. For the first time in years, the food is terrible. I tried the hamburger and pork sandwich which are basic food standards that are easy to execute and they were so disappointing. The burger was a cheap patty with a slice of iceberg lettuce and the pork sammy had zero flavor. 
I would recommend getting a beer and soaking in the views but don't bother with the food.I dropped by here before going to dinner one night with a group of friends. The atmosphere of this place is very relaxing as you can sit out on the Delaware River and enjoy a nice cold beer. I'm a huge fan of microbreweries and this place had a decent selection. Can't comment on the food, but I'll definitely will once I get a chance.Due to mixed reviews of Morgan's Pier, a friend tried to convince me we should go elsewhere last Saturday evening for booze/dancing. "What's not to like about drinking outside on a nice summer night?" I replied.
Turns out, plenty.
I'd been to Morgan's Pier before -- last summer, on a rainy night, after a show at Festival Pier -- and loved it. 
The space itself is nice: great view of the river and the bridge, little trees lit with white Christmas lights, a tent for the DJ and dance floor. The beer selection is solid, with an entire bar devoted to craft brews. And the DJs, both times I was there, played danceable remixes of pop/techno/electro-type stuff. All good.
However, with the better weather last Saturday night, the place was jammed by 9 p.m. And not with the docile hipster types I saw there last year. Big, burly dudes doused in Axe body spray crowded out us normal-sized folk lining up to buy drinks. Nearly-nude ladies -- seriously, I saw butt overhang coming out of one girl's shorts -- in stilettos tottered around the wooden decks. Not my scene, and not the scene I expected.
The worst part: The service. The place was majorly understaffed given the crowd, and the staff that was there was majorly rude.
Once I reached the bar, I waited there for 15 minutes, money out, before being acknowledged. The very tall, very burly guy bartending then glared in my direction for a nanosecond before serving the very tall, very burly guy who'd just lumbered up to the bar next to me. In response to my exasperated look, the bartender barked, "I LOOKED AT YOU AND YOU DIDN'T TELL ME WHAT YOU WANTED SO I MOVED ON."
Apparently *dirty look* is the new "what would you like to drink?" 
(Okay, I don't need someone to *ask* me what I want in a crowded bar, but I can't tell that you want me to order if your look is so brief and angry that I'm not even sure it's directed at me.)
What good is a great craft beer selection if it's served up slowly, and with scorn? Pass!Absolutely horrible service.  The waitress knocked over a full soda on my sisters lap and walked away quickly.  We thought she was walking away to get napkins to clean up, but never returned.  Then we requested the manager, who offered no solution.  The burgers were wrong, and covered in onions.  Terrible service, stay away!!!the view is excellent and the servers are great! 
management on the other hand is a joke! upon entering, the "bouncer" did not check our IDs. about an hour later, he came to the table to check. apparently it took me too long to get my ID out and he couldn't handle a joke. when I did get my ID out, it resulted in him taking my partially drank beer out of my hand and telling me I was flagged (i am 27 and this was my second beer, btw.) our server immediately apologized and I asked to talk to a manager about what had happened. the manager proceeded to hide in the back room and refused to come out and speak to me. sorry that you hired a bouncer that can't do his job, but apparently you can't do yours either.My husband and I went to Morgan's Pier tonight for dinner.  When we walked in the hostess told us that we should seat ourselves so we sat at a table overlooking the marina centered close to the middle of the deck.  Almost 20 minutes went by without anyone recognizing that we were seated.  During that time 3 different servers walked past & 2 of them were chatting together nearby but never came up to our table even to greet us so we left.So far I like Morgan's Pier but I could see that changing easily. I have only been here on late Saturday nights so I have yet to try the food but I am looking forward to giving it a shot before the weather changes. They have a had a lot of great dj's that don't often come to this area play. My friends and I have enjoyed dancing the night away on the water. I have noticed that their shows are no longer free (now $5) and they also raised the price of PBR from $2 to $3. These changes aren't going to stop me from going there on a beautiful night but if the weather wasn't great I might chose nearby Silk City for my dance party. They also have a variety of craft cans and drafts available in addition to the multiple pbr bars around the dance area. 
The only negatives I have found so far are the uncleaned/unstocked bathrooms and some of the crowd. It definitely reminds me of my younger years going out the way people act here and that is not a good thing. Perhaps the cover charge will take care of that in future.Had a good time at Morgan's Pier two weeks ago with some great friends. It's an awesome way to spend a night out during the summer. The setting looks out over the water and up at the Ben Franklin. They manage to do a good job keeping mosquitos away, which is huge for an outdoor spot near the water. Drinks are good, but a little pricey. The Watermelon Ricky is cool to try, but had to stick with beer all night to keep from breaking the bank. There's a nice, mixed crowd here.  Two main bars and a few random drink stands set up. Tables are great if you're looking to just chill with good company. Bathroom situation is a little ridiculous (there's a bathroom bouncer) but that's about the biggest negative I found. Would definitely go back.Wow- pretty packed for a Thursday night.  My friend and I scored a water front stool/high top and enjoyed a $12 growler (HH special!) and sandwiches. Mind you, you are not coming for the food but the views and outdoors. Overall great experience but for the parking ticket I noticed at the primo parking spot with the busted meter I had to hunt down for  15 mins. Needs more parking as it's hard to hoof it there.  I'll be back!Overpriced but I understand for the atmosphere. It is lovely to be out there on a weekend night when it's nice weather. I've had some disappointing music events there, where artists would be there but not really play their stuff and just DJ (i.e RJD2) but I still thoroughly enjoy being at this place. Get to remove yourself from the city a bit .It's summer, it's HOT and theres only one place to visit when in Philly....Um hello...Morgans Pier!!! On an almost 3+ hour drive from NYC 2 Divas' needed some libations and atmosphere heading into Philly! Playing tour guide I wanted fresh air and good food to boot! A some what younger crowd, but always fun and good drinks and food??? WIN-WIN! 
If you want to go for the food and atmosphere, I mean its right on the water under the BF bridge overlooking the Delaware waterfront....cant get any better! And it's a  HUGE space! Lots of room and places to sit and drink with friends by the water outside.....not into it getting too too loud while you eat? Leave out by 11-ish....
Its fun, its the spot to be with parking across the street....those in Philly know how important that is. 2 Divas' had the fresh made guac to start then ended with a vegan Burger - Beet, Farro this diva had it sans the bun making it gluten free....still amazing and with fries! Head there now as this spot is only opens in May late Summer/early fall! The venue is prime for the weather....
They do brunch and you know divas' love to brunch!!! Weekends are made for brunching aren't they??? Why yes, yes they are! Check the pics and the hours below and let 2DJ know when you hit this place up!
HOURS:
MON - FRI            4PM - 2AM
SAT + SUN        11AM - 2AM
KITCHEN HOURS:
MON - FRI         4PM - 10PM
SAT + SUN        11AM - 10PM
BRUNCH HOURS:
SAT + SUN11AM - 3PMGetting carded to enter for what reason?? I was firmly told IT IS THE LAW, while my in laws just sashayed right past this law enforcer. I'm over 30, didn't intend to drink alcohol. Came here to have a fun dinner with my family because they rave about the Chef's food. So while they are seating themselves I'm stuck outside. I'm forbidden to enter this place because I don't have a American ID, but a European one. This supposed rule is illogical and discriminatory. The dumbest thing is I've been to the Pier many times in the last couple of years and never had a issue with my foreign ID card, which I was only asked to show at the table when I was ordering a beer. Not going back. Not sad about it either.i've gone here a few times over the years that they've been open. the food has always been terrible and i thought with a real chef involved it would have improved. nope - it was worse. what a waste of a beautiful space. i wish a place like the cantina would take it over and make it worthwhile. i guess if you like having an after-work spot to have a beer at, it'd prob be ok but i dont like to drink without food. and i will never eat here again.The good:
That view of Ben Franklin is amazing
-Outside deck is large
-Nice fire pit lounge area
-The dance floor is separate from the lounge area 
-Smoke effect on dance floor (can be good or creepy)
-5 dollar cover
The bad:
-Slowest bar service ever, too much demand not enough bar tenders
-The DJ - all basic beats nothing special no popular stuff just mild electronic music
-Weird people on the dance floor grab you
-Long line to get in
I'll be going back, it's such a relaxing view. I'd say go give it a shot but based on the other reviews don't buy mixed drinks. I bought 4 dollar beers that night.Really? The food is horrible and overpriced and that is not an exaggeration... They claim to have brought in a semi famous chef to revamp the menu but take a look at it and show me anywhere it is creative or different!!! Food aside... The view is fantastic as it is one of the few places on the water in Philly but beyond that... Meh... Go for drinks and skip the food.Go for the view. Stay for the wings. Bring a date. Bring friends. Watch the water. Listen to tunes. If you're asking for more you might be missing the point.Good choice of beers if you're into that but the food is horrendous make sure to eat before you come here.  Basically food you can get at a carnival but way overpriced.This was my very first time here at Morgan's Pier.  What I loved most about the place that it is outside, and right by the water front.  Also what I found interesting is that they didn't just have that center bar location, they also had various bar taps at various locations.  Though it was  very difficult to find a spot to sit down  but it was a beautiful Saturday that night so that did not bother me at all.  I loved that they had a hot dog stand and ice cream stand on there as well.  Drink prices were OK at most depending on what you get.  The music was very appealing to my taste and had overall good vibes.  I look forward to coming back to Morgan's Pier in the near future.Don't bother if u have a USA government issued ID NYC.  Rode the amtrak from nyc to philly to visit friends (obviously without my passport).  After having a good time at the Yards Brewery nearby, we walked over to this club.  I got turned away at the door so the 7 of us demanded our cover to be completely refunded in full then moved along to another spot.  Who do they think they are?! hahaha!! SmhIn May of 2016 I went to Philadelphia and this was unfortunately one of the places I went to "eat". First of all let me just say that river side of Philadelphia is that impressive to begin with. Everywhere you go you have to see, and smell, Camden New Jersey. It makes it even worse when you want to eat near by it. I suppose a lot of potential restaurateurs realized that lack of appeal, since Morgan's Pier is one of the only places to eat along the Delaware River promenade. At least one of the only out-door locations.
It's not the location that is the only issue, I mean let's face it, I have to be fair. We haven't even ordered the food yet, if it can be called that. My main issue with this establishment is the lack of service. It likes to make you think you need to be some boat owning schmuck who doesn't mind paying three digits for a meal in order to have dinner "with a view". That seems to be the main clientele.  
Yes by all means take advantage of the limited boat parking by pulling up in your yacht after a day of cruising the Delaware, pointing and laughing at the unfortunate bastards that have to live in Camden. Rent out the upper deck with your fully plastic cougar wife and your half drunken trust fund buddies. I mean nothing seems more like a great way to blow those elderly retirement funds that you robbed on the trade floor than to drink some brews and hog all of the fucking servers right?
That is my main problem with Morgan's Pier, no not the recession proof pricks that come here, but the fact that it takes more than 20 minutes for someone to serve you. 20 minutes sitting at a long table that looks like it was made specifically for some bearded, lumberjack wannabe, hipster to stroke his chin in admiration by. 20 minutes in the sun. 20 minutes having to not just look at New Jersey but observe the above mentioned guests getting shit-faced and pretending not to care about the money they were wasting. 
A few dozen times after the servers passed right by me I asked the receptionist if I needed some kind of pinger device like Penera Bread. Ten minutes after that someone finally came over to serve me and give me a carefully guarded menu. Everything on said menu was either out of my budget or not making me very hungry considering the experience I have had so far. I settled for loaded fries since the description made it sound like it was a Philly staple. Instead it tasted like processed mush. 
After I got done eating my bowl of M.S.G. the server wasn't in too big of a hurry to give me the bill and the receptionist was busy doing something on her phone,  probably trying to figure out what her best selfie for social media is or whatever. If I was a lesser man I could walked right out of the... door? Entrance, and not paid a thing. So if you're looking for a possible free meal, and don't mind a wait for it, than Morgan's Pier is the place for you! They'll never know you were there. Unless you put on a polo shirt, slacks, and a developed beer gut.I've been to Morgan's Pier a few times with friends. If you're looking for a nice atmosphere with great views and drinks- go for it as this is definitely a cool place. If you're looking to eat- go elsewhere. I made the grave mistake of ordering something to eat- something I haven't done in over a year.The food is bland to say the least. I ordered the ribs- portion size- not bad for a 'snack'- but the fact that it was lukewarm and rubbery- no bueno. The slaw that accompanied it had absolutely no flavor at all. The crab dip- tasted more like bland tuna salad with a side of ritz crackers. The mayo and mystery seafood that it was made with was probably its saving grace. The wings weren't bad- a heaping portion of ketchup made them better though. 
All in all, the servers and bartenders are really nice. The drinks are a little watered down- especially if you go when it's really busy. It's a nice place to bring people from out of town- but be forewarned- pregame with a complete meal before going!My girlfriend, friend and I went today (June 26th @ 1:45pm) and they went in first and were asked for ID, they are both Americans and got in fine, I showed my ID (an Irish passport card) and he said he couldn't accept that, I said why not and he said because it's not a passport and I said it literally says passport on it and it is a passport he just blanked me. Put simply: he was a dick.I do not understand why this place only has three stars! I visited last night with my Mom and had a wonderful time! Our server, Maria, was super friendly and attentive. The beer selection was great and the food wasn't bad either. I love the lights in the trees, the mismatched seat covers, and of course... The view! Fire works started across the river and it was the perfect night. They even had blankets for the guests because it was pretty chilly. I can't wait to visit all summer!Ditch the stupid names for condiments on the menu. WTF is Kewpie(mayo), furikake(tentacles? Furries doing bukkake? Who knows), bonito (apparently tuna).  I had to go to their website to translate the stupid menu.
Service is slow. Menu is too limited. And the burger was bad and over priced.Fun for food and for drinking. I love coming out during the day and staying through the night. Great atmosphere (outdoors) so it is perfect for summertime drinking. Bathrooms could use work but otherwise big fan of Morgan's!First off let me start off with the staff... They need to rethink about the people they hire.. my girlfriend and I ordered a not worthy pricy drink. We didnt think much about it. But the bartender there took almost 10-15 minutes just to serve one person. Like When I was bartending, in that time frame I would have served at least 8-10 people already regardless of the order or what type of drink they wanted. So we pay for our drink and walk back to our group. A bouncer comes over and askes to speak with us. We're thinking "wow what did we do that a bouncer wants to talk to us about" so of course we go with him and he tells us that the same bartender and barback said we didnt pay for our drink... we obviously paid for it and it was on camera. Maybe next time the bartender and their barback should grab the money right after serving the drink and not jump to different orders if they cant handle it. So they tried to kick us out. We talked to the manager and we got back in. But it already ruined our night because our whole group had to move cause the bartender is a baby and if we were in their section, they would find a way to kick us out. Definitely our last time coming there.Apparently after 9 this place turns into a night club which is so annoying. They literally take you out of your chairs and take them Away. I didn't mind the FIRST time the waitress was nice and gave us a heads up
And told us why she was taking our seats. The SECOND time the guy came over and tapped my sisters seat and said "umm
I need this seat" Never once did he explain why he was making us get up from our seats again and taking out seats away. I told
Him he was rude in doing it this way. "His response "well look around your the only
One left with a seat" No I wasn't paying attention bc I was enjoying my Time talking to friends. I'm sorry but the way it was done and his response was enough for me to leave! 
It's amazing how customer service makes such a difference. This place has good drinks however they have gotten weaker since they first opened and can be a little pricy.Been here few times not bad at all. The place over look the Ben Franklin bridge with delaware river. On sat they play dance but more like trance music. Wish there was more variety of music. But, cover charge was $10 a person so kinda of expensive.Morgan's Pier is definitely kicking up Delaware Ave a notch! What a wonderful place to hang out in the summer. You can hang at the bar, at a lounge table, at the "craft" bar, or catch a live show - all within the same place. There are small food-stands lining the restaurant... or you can eat real food that the server will bring to your table, even to the likes of "snack bacon".
I definitely would recommend this place... well, nearly anytime! Brunch, happy hour, late night... it's all good! Oh, and ... Get the $2 hot dogs!One of my favorite places to drink outdoors, great open space on the water under the race street pier. Music at night on weekends. Now serving food, have yet to try. Love going here in the summer.Came here yesterday. It's such a nice spot to be at. Right by the water. The atmosphere was great. They had a band playing. The flowers are a nice touch to the place.Drinks slightly overpriced, no more than anywhere else on Delaware Ave.  Nice location overlooking the water.  Enjoyable for Sundae party in the summer!!  the food is nothing special.Atmosphere:5+
Unfortunately...
Service: Horrific
Food: Not much better.
HOPEFULLY this improves with time. Competition is stiff; the sister alternative is much, much better. I'll be heading over there next time I'm in the beer garden mood.After a few times of visiting Morgan's Pier, I finally ordered food. Prior to tonight, I had had nothing but positive experiences with drinks and the staff here. That being said, I expected nothing less than a decent meal. I was very wrong. My party ordered fries, wings, and a crab roll. All were terribly over salted. Notably, the crab roll was served on what looked like a piece of white sandwich bread, and tasted like ocean brine. I had one bite, which I had to spit out. 
Overall, I was very disappointed, especially for the price we paid. I would return for drinks, but certainly not dinner. The waitress was very kind, however, when we explained the situation. If anything, she made the experience a but more positive.Morgans Pier is awesome. It has a really fun vibe and it was packed when I was there--in a way that made it feel fun and lively but we were still easily able to find a table.
It's huge and beautiful outside when the weather is nice. Also the beer selection is pretty extensive. It's cool to look over at the water, but the subway does pass by so that's kind of loud and disruptive.
The only downside was that our waitress was not super attentive. She took a very long time to get us our bill and also to bring us our second round of drinks. My friend got the fried cauliflower and that was delicious. I would definitely recommend ordering that. My guess is that most of the food is great, but I only saw it on other people's tables. But anyway, the waitress. Maybe it was her first week, or maybe they don't get enough people to work weekends. Because there really were a lot of tables she was trying to manage, but it was too much.
So, ultimately, I would say you should definitely check this place out when the weather permits. It's really fun!I was really hoping this place would be something different than a typical Delaware Ave club, but it seems like it was just wishful thinking.  Maybe I made the mistake of going on a Saturday night, but again....when I think of a "Beer Garden", cover charges and club music that I could hear while walking from Front and Callowhill do not come to mind.  $5 for a cover charge is not terrible, but it was just unexpected and rubbed me the wrong way especially when they are already marking up their craft beer prices beyond what most craft beer destinations charge ($7 for a can of Sixpoint Sweet action?  Really??).  I was really hoping for a relaxed/chill atmosphere where you can have a good beer and talk to friends while enjoying the nice weather, but I was wrong.  There were not nearly enough tables/benches to qualify this place as a "beer garden."  Figure out what you want to be....a dance club or a beer garden!  Don't try to be both because it has failed miserably.   I had high hopes for a place that has stakeholders such as Meme and R5 productions, but they somehow let this place be as douche-y as the old Rock Lobster.  Such a shame....maybe I will give it a shot during the day or on an off night during the week, but I will definitely not be coming back here on a weekend night.   Two stars for the beer selection (though over-priced) and the view.Nice way to drink away an afternoon with views of the Delaware and the Ben Franklin Bridge.  A large group of us spent some time playing cards on one of the nice picnic tables in the back area.  The Bud Lights were the $4 special on that Sunday (not great, but not horrible).  It was nice hanging out in the afternoon, but I can see that the place starts to get crowded around sunset.  I would imagine it would get annoying when it gets packed.  Glad we got out of there when we did.Morgans Pier is definitely my favorite brunch spot of all time. The location and atmosphere are perfect. Brunch is usually quiet and I've never had trouble finding a table. They have plenty of tables in the sun and plenty in the shade with umbrellas. Morgans Pier is located right underneath the Walt Whitman Bridge and its really nice to just daze at it while enjoying a mimosa or two, or three... considering they are only $5 during brunch! I genuinely get sad when Morgans closes for the season. 
I usually order the salmon omelet and it has always been great. The salmon is so fresh and it comes with arugula and goat cheese. Ugh, I'm drooling thinking about it. I've also gotten a veggie burger here before and it was truly the best veggie burger I have ever had! Morgans has great fries too. I think the menu changes every season so they can stay up to date. -- They have a good amount of craft beers on tap too which is nice! && you can't forget about their Watermelon Ricky! I believe it is around $7 which isn't terrible because the drink is just so tasty. 
Another time I was here my husband and I rented out the Crows Nest for our friends birthday. They were super easy to work with as it was a lot of planning and back and fourth emails. We paid almost a grand for there to be about twenty of us up there, which is kind of crazy, but it was a lot of fun! So we considered it worth it. We did just the basic beer package and we had only one waitress which we were a tad annoyed about, but once the first round of drinks went around the rest all went smoothly. I give the bouncers a lot of credit because they are so strict about not letting just anyone up there during your party and believe me when I say a million people will try too, ha! 
The night time scene is a little much if you're not doing the Crows Den. It's so hard to find a table, and the bathroom lines are legit crazy and such a sloppy mess. However, the music is always really good at night! I'm fully fine with just sticking to brunch though!Came here on a warm day in early June. Waitress was awesome, quickly seated us and took our order. Food was delicious. Had their Backyard burger with pickles and sauce. Basket fries were enough for three to share. Drinks were amazing. Watermelon Ricky was so good! Definitely recommend.Ah, standing in line for over an hour to use the loo was amazing; only to have a girl next to you pee herself is such a memorable experience that I was honoured to be blessed with.
The music was dreadful, no beat whatsoever. If I wanted to hear Transformers having sex, I would simply listen to Skrillex. 
The reasoning behind why I am giving it two stars instead of one is our darling British waitress that conversed with me and we had girl talk. 
The drinks were meh, frat house worthy.Morgan's Pier has been open for less than two weeks and I've been here three times already.  It's a great scene, friendly crowd, with a good beer selection.  On my last trip we sat down and ordered some food.  With David Katz from Meme running the kitchen, I was quite anxious to finally eat here.  I went with the Baja Fish Tacos and Popcorn Shrimp while my friend had the Tuna Burger and Corn and Blue Crab Fritters.  
Fortunately I was there with a bunch of people and we were enjoying the beautiful day chatting it up on the Delaware River.  So even though our waitress had been back three times after we placed our food order to refill all our drinks, she evidently completely forgot to put our food order in.  Another waitress had to retake our order.  We were finally able to eat an hour and half after we sat down.
The Tuna Burger was a home run and the Fritters were pretty good but we couldn't taste the crab.  It looked like the Portobello Sandwich was a rock star too. As for the "tacos", you get two 8 inch flour tacos for $5 (really? flour tacos?) with enough ingredients to almost fill two 4 inch tacos (corn in the future please).  I could have put the filling of taco 1 in to taco 2 and it still wouldn't have been half full.  I dumped some of my popcorn shrimp in to the tacos instead.  I'm hoping someone in the kitchen made a mistake because it was just offensive.
Whereas "popcorn shrimp" is typically battered and deep fried, they lightly coat the shrimp in corn meal.  I think since the tacos were so offensive I didn't care to form an opinion about the shrimp.  
We were given free drink cards to make up for the long wait.  I was less concerned about the forgotten order than I was the empty tacos just because we were having a really good time regardless.  I mean, they just opened and mistakes are going to be made.  I'm cool with that.  I can promise you no more tacos for this Yelper at Morgan's Pier though.
TL;DR
Awesome scene on the river for all sorts of people in the shadow of the Ben Franklin Bridge.  Go with friends or family during the day and enjoy the heck out of our water front with good beers and cocktails.  Eat before you go.
P.S. Morgan's Pier, no one likes hand dryers, especially ones that are crap.  Get paper towels please.I had a friend in town last night and I was looking to show her around and make sure she saw the best of what Philly has to offer. Coming to Philadelphia, she didn't really think much of it. However, after our trip to Morgan's Pier she loves the city.
The night started with a few drinks and light appetizers on the patio. We got there right before the kitchen closed and our waitress wasn't very attentive. It took over 15 minutes to get our first round of drinks. I had a Dark & Stormy and she had an American Mule. Both were really good. After that we switched to beer. 
There is a ton of seating here. From picnic benches, to tables, to tons of bar seating. What I really liked about this place was the variety and how open it was. Also, you really cannot beat the views. I look forward to coming back soon!I enjoy Morgan's Pier as much as the next, but they continue to fail to be able to put out decent food. The fries had no flavor...the wings were OK. It's a fantastic place to drink, and clearly, that is all it will ever be. Even if you put a top chef in control, he personally can't do quality control.I love this place during the summer.  Every Wednesday they have free shows with great bands and it's a great place to have a drink while overlooking the water.  The lights and decor here really make the place look cute at night.  I've never come here for a meal, but I've tried the fries and they were pretty good and plentiful!  I love the artists that they have come, whether it be for a free show or a ticketed one (however, tickets are relatively cheap for those too, 5-10 bucks).  I look forward to them opening back up for the summer to see some more bands here.Great staff and amazing ambiance but the drinks kinda stuck. To be fair Some of the specialty drinks are decent.I was expecting the food to be better, but it was good. The server was attentive, the drinks were cold and we were on the water. All in all a nice experience.In love! This place is a total gem. The outdoor waterfront atmosphere is beachy and peaceful without the shore traffic. It's spacious and romantic. I love that there is a great beer selection and vegetarian options on the menu. The service has been good too - friendly, prompt - what more can you ask for?
The food isn't super foodie or gourmet - it is just simply really solid, good American fare - and the price is so right it's awesome. I love that it's such a beautiful space and so affordable. You can literally eat there for $5. Please don't change that! It's a great place to take a date if you are on a budget, or to accomodate friends anywhere on the budget spectrum for a beautiful night out.
When you are done eating, you HAVE to hit up little baby's ice cream stand. OMGSOGOOD. 
Two thumbs up to Morgan's!We are from DC, but headed to Philadelphia for a nice romantic weekend.  Our entire day was spent walking around the city.  We began walking from our hotel in Rittenhouse to breakfast at Sabrina's by the art museum(Fairmount), going to the "Rocky" steps, then walking to the peniteniary, to Edgar Allen Poe's house, to the Yards Brewery, to Morgan's Pier and then all the way back to our hotel.  It was a long walking day, but Morgan's Pier was a lovely spot to rest our wary legs for a while.  
 We went to Morgan's Pier, per a suggestion by a local friend and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  We arrived at 415 on a Friday, because the website said they opened at 4, but once we arrived we were sad to learn the kitchen did not open until 5!  Goodness.  We were really hungry, and almost ate at The Yards Brewery, but wanted to dine here, so we had to wait until 5 to place our orders, but we did consume a couple of drinks while we waited.  The drinks were okay, not the most amazing drinks ever, but decent.  I ordered a bloody mary, (I figured that would be the closest thing to eating food, hoping it would tie me over until the meal) and a a margarita, and the hubby ordered a beer or two.  The food was good, although I only had the mussels and the husband had a fish sandwich and corn on the cob(also quite yummy).
So we did not sample all of the menu, but I will say the mussels were quite tasty.  
The best part about our time spent at Morgan's Pier was by far the view and the ambiance.  The weather was beautiful!  Sunny, not a cloud in the sky and breezy.  There were many other people there, and although we were bummed about waiting for the kitchen to open, we were glad we arrived when we did, because we picked a great seat and it got busy quickly. 
We would most definitely visit Morgan's Pier again when we return to Philly, as long as the weather is nice.  Our server, Brandon, was very nice, energetic, friendly and welcoming.  Great place.
The food and drinks deserve 3 stars, but the view pushes it all the way to 4 stars.Disappointing new menu (2015)...still beautiful ambiance
  We live within walking distance of Morgan's pier and love the ambiance.  We eagerly awaited our first visit of the new season and went there recently on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.   The setting was as lovely as ever and the music on the soundtrack was quite nice. VERY disappointing though was the new menu offered....I understand there is a new chef.  Last summer on many visits we enjoyed quality platters like very nice fish tacos and a special grilled chicken type platter.  They are GONE for this season and we did not see the kind of healthy choice sandwich or apps that we would like too.  We to did order fried chicken appetizer, two pieces, very hot, ok but nit more.  We thought Smoked trout spread with roe would be interesting but it really was disappointing,...very thin like a mayonnaise base vs a thicker spread less watery that I anticipated.  Also it w served with FOUR very thin bagel chips....really???  That was not enough to put the spread onto so we had to ask for more.  In looking over the rest of the menu offerings we did not see much that we would look forward to on future visits,,,,,a $7 burger maybe....there is a pulled BBQ chicken sandwich but otherwise sausage offerings, crab roll, pork belly lettuce wrap or jump up to one Of the three LARGE plates offered between $21-$34.  
  Please add some more middle ground...some nice $12 healthy stuff....something  with GRILLED CHICKEN and bring back the great fish tacos...please!!!!This place has really gone down hill, service was terrible . Seat yourself and wait 20 minutes for an overpriced bland Bloody Mary. This place is now open for brunch which means they have 3 breakfast items on the menu. Food is terrible and everything is a la carte. I'm fine with that if you actually serve food food. Very unfortunate because I love the views but I will never be back hereThe atmosphere was good and the beer selection was decent but the food was way over priced. I ordered a burger for $9 and it was about 1/4 lb meat that was frozen and they loaded with burger seasoning. To put it in prospective I could have gotten a bigger burger for a dollar at McDonalds.The view is amazing and the food was great! Absolutely loved their fries and the deck upstairs has a great view of the river!Beautiful restaurant, wish the service was as nice. We sat down and were greeted a few minutes later. Told the waitress that we needed a few more minutes to look over the menu. She did not return for 20 minutes, so we left. Disappointed because we have heard many great things about this place and were looking forward to dining with them. Felt ignored. Went to La Peg instead.Can I give this a big fat zero?? Worst. Experience. Ever. I went once on a night during the week in the fall when it wasn't crowded and that was fine. BIG mistake to go at a time when you'd actually want to be outside. 
It's everyone for themselves to get a seat. So if you're sitting, people are staring you down and stalking you. If you're waiting, you probably want to bring brass knuckles to beat away your competition. 
And for some reason they have hostesses. When I expressed frustration, one cut me off and told me they have no say - clearly I was interfering with her "job". 
The customers dictate who gets the next table - so you could be waiting for an hour and loose a table to someone who already has one but is saving another for their  friends. 
Some places care about their customers - this one cares about their bottom line.There is a lot to love about Morgan's Pier!
We love outside dining and enjoyed the bridge and water view.  We had a bonus fireworks show from afar that we were able to take in.  That was a cool unexpected addition to our night.  The drinks were priced reasonably and the food was typical bar type quality food.  Nothing spectacular but it wasn't terrible, it was what we expected.  We took an uber down there so I don't know how parking is but that area isn't typically great for parking so we didn't try it and I don't recommend to.  I was impressed with our waitress, somehow even though it was super busy she managed to pull it off and was very attentive. 
My recommendation is to get there early for day drinking and relaxed fun. For the most part you will miss the really drunk under 30 crowd.  About 8pm or so the vibe is basically a bunch of younger drunk adults, loud music (and just ok music, at best) and you are basically elbow to elbow with everyone around you.  We were able to find our own seats but it was very limited.  
If you are a drunk 20 something year old, go after 8pm.  You will fit right in!  I still encourage to come before 9pm because after 10pm that line to get in went farther down the block than I could see.First thing.... the view of the Ben Franklin is amazing! It was just a short walk from spruce street and definitely a place you can enjoy in the spring/summer. It's super family friendly which was plus since we had a 2 year old with us although I think they are required to leave at 9pm, which is totally acceptable since that's sorta late anyway. They do have a limited food menu but the margharita flatbread was sooo good! I wish I remembered our waitress name because she was incredible and super attentive! This place is definitely recommended to anyone!Grabbed lunch on a beautiful Sunday..couldn't ask for a better location. Since I like my daily dose of vitamin D, I grabbed a sunny spot on the deck. The fans blowing mist were definitely a huge plus. I got the ribeye sandwich, which was scrumptious, but a bit pricey for the size and lack of any sides. I didn't have anything to drink since I was too busy gulping down water (which the waitress was very good at refilling), but they looked pretty creative and yummy. Will probably go back for drinks at some other point, possibly some appetizers/snacks if they come in a decent portion.I came with a group of friends from out of town and we decided to stop for the view.  The place had a great view and atmosphere but the food it's not the best.  I had a hair on my French fries and the waiter made an upset gesture instead of apologizing and telling me that he was going to replace them; I had to ask him to change them for clean ones.  Not only that, he charged me for the fries.  Bad service, very disappointed.Came to Morgans pier for Tuesday night quizzo. I started drinking at the bar and moved to a table. I was forced by the waitress to close out my tab which I completely understand. But if I have to have a waitress I would like if they actually came around to take our drink orders. I ordered chicken nuggets, they were cold and the sauce was put on the bottom of the basket. I wanted to get more of the sauce on the side but my waitress was no where to be found. Will never come back here for quizzo again. Also the quizzo set up is disorganized and poorly executedIt was a beautiful Tuesday, sun shining all bright. I said to my girlfriend, "hey, lets go to  Morgan's Pier" she's from NY so just wanted to take her some place to show off Philly. Going to Morgan's pier was a MISTAKE! First we walk in and we were not greeted. I actually had to flag down a bust boy to get a waitress. Finally she comes over barely says hi, doesn't introduce herself or anything. We mostly hear her saying "I'm sorry" three of four times out of the course of the meal. I ordered BBQ ribs which we flaming hot and she offered to change the food but there wasn't anything else on the menu i found appealing. So she watched me scrap the remaining sauce off my ribs and apologized again. As for the drinks: the Mojito's i ordered were watery and didn't give any buzz whats so ever! uh waste of time! We then went to the bathroom to wash our hands, there was the only pleasant experience, Backwards huh? On our way out, the customer service was still so weak (not paying attention to the surroundings) that we actually could have just walked out, but chose to do the right thing and went back to our table. There we waited 7 mins until Tara walked over after following us into the bathroom to ask us did we need anything else? I said the check. And you can stand right here for it. She rudely began a conversation with someone else, so i threw the check on the table and walked out. Now do u think she got a tip? all but 8 cents! and I'm normally a BIG tipper. Not that day and ill never be going there again! And if you do go and you get Tara, ask for someone else!Brennan from Flourtown and I went here for the first time. The pier just opened up again for the summer season. While the wait staff was pretty new and service was a bit rusty in terms of timing, they were all really kind and I'm sure will get into the swing of things as the season picks up. 
Drink selection is solid. Had their Dark&Stormy and was very pleased by taste and alcohol content. Plenty of beers on tap to choose from if you don't want to try one of their specialty drinks. 
Ate the BBQ chicken wings and a basket of fries- there were about 8 wings, so it was great to share. Flavor was yummy and lots of sauce so I definitely had to wash up after eating. Fries were pretty standard with a light seasoning salt. Not unhappy about it. 
The venue looks great and I hope to come back during an event to see how the space really functions with lots of people.Came here the Monday of their opening weekend and overall was pretty let down by the whole place.  Like many have said the location is cool and all, but that's no excuse for the rest of it.
Came in, luckily found a spot to sit then waited for 15-20 minutes for a waitress to stop by.  Once she did, we tried to order drinks.  Out of over half the beer list, yet she didn't tell us this up front, instead making us say "How about this?" over and over again until we found one that they actually had.  Not sympathetic to the fact whatsoever. Put food order in then as well since who knew when she'd be back.
Got the food fairly quickly, can't say anything too great about it.  Burger was like something your drunk friend cooks at a tailgate.  Got watermelon and feta but didn't have utensils to eat them.  Asked waitress, she said she'd grab them, waited 15 minutes then after she didn't show stole some from the table next to us.  A couple on the other side had a similar experience and ended up walking out after ordering their food.  Waitress seemed relieved she had less work to do.  Got the beers a good ten minutes after the food.  
Awful service, poor planning, very mediocre food...but you get 2 stars because you're still somehow better than the rest of the places on the Delaware waterfront.Overall, I'm not dying to go back, but wouldn't totally rule it out either.
Drinks: I got the michelada but sent it back cause it tasted like bloody mary mix. my boyfriend ordered the sixpoint bengali tiger IPA off the draft list, but it was brought to him in a can. When I asked the server about it, she double checked and said it was a mistake, but didn't offer to replace or comp us the beer, although she did replace my michelada when I told her I didn't like it and took it off the tab. we were specific about wanting something on tap, so that was a bummer for him. Unfortunately, she knew next to nothing about beer. 
Food: I ordered the baja fish tacos and the corn on the cob. The fish is breaded and mostly bland. The corn was delicious. Boyfriend got the blackened tuna. It tasted fine, nothing to die for. French fries similar to mcdonalds fries (fine with me, but maybe not what you're into). He really enjoyed the side of cole slaw. 
Ambiance: It's a nice place, lots of plants and big picnic style tables. The view is real pretty, but the swarms of flies were out of control. It was dusk, so that was part of it, but it was gross. Some of those insect repellant candles would have been nice. As for the music, it happened twice in the hour we were there that the dj didn't change the record before it ended, and the result was this obnoxious, short alarm sound over the speakers to clue him into his job fail. The menus were printed on 8.5x11 sheets of paper that kept blowing away in the wind, and there were several different versions of the menu on our table, which was confusing. Our mustard bottle was brand new, still with the seal on it for us to remove; a funny oversight but pretty much epitomizes the establishment's rookie status.Last night I visited here and the term fraternal twins kept popping into my head over and over.  Why you ask?  Because about a month ago I visited Cavanaugh's right next door.  If you have ever visited both you know exactly what I mean.  They may not be identical but the similarities are unmistakable.  
There are three reasons why I would NOT visit here.
1. I would NOT visit here for the location.  To me, this part of Columbus Blvd is just plain nasty.  It's a pain in the butt to get to and a pain in the butt to park. Ugggghh!
2. I would NOT visit here for the drinks.  Don't get me wrong; there are multiple full bars with plenty of craft beers and a long specialty drink list.  You can get anything you want but there is nothing special and you'll be generally be drinking out of plastic.  
3. I would NOT visit here for the food.  Let's face it folks it's bar food.  All the usual suspects are here and it's nothing special. 
But OMG the venue!  If it's nice summer night with no humidity it doesn't get much better than this.  The view is to die for. The music depending upon your tastes can be at least decent or maybe great.   If it's one of those great weather nights and you are meeting good friends, it could be an amazing evening!An excellent place to day drink, pretend boat shop, and ignore the fact that you're getting a sunburn. I'm feeling smug because judging by the other reviews I visited Morgans Pier at exactly the right times; on a weeknight for a drink, and Saturday for day drinking.
Thanks to the river breeze it feels 15 degrees less sweltering than most outdoor Philly locations. The space is decked out with tastefully mismatched pillows and rustic wood. I easily grabbed an Alagash White without a wait at the bar. In our group of people that had all lived in the Adirondacks we naturally ascended to the loft space to chill in the Adirondack chairs.What a disappointment this place was! The place looks nice, with fun music and games being played but.... We sat at our table for over 15 mins waiting for service. There were 4 other tables around the area and they too were waiting. We went up to the bar and were told that someone would be over soon. Nope! It wasn't until two of the other tables just got up and left, that someone came for our order. No apology for making everyone wait just said "its busy, that's how it is". We left too.I went for an early happy hour and had a grand experience.  $3 drafts for happy hour with a great selection of summer brews.  Cheap food that was decent, and appropriate for summer weather for example grilled fruit.  Love it!  Ample seating either under the large tent or along the river.  Great view of the bridge, Camden and the Delaware river.  If you enjoy sitting along the water and drinking and eating summer fare, you should enjoy Morgan's Pier.  I left before dark so I have no idea what happens then.  Oh and their is slide for small children.  Interesting.A group of us went to Morgan's Pier on a Friday around 8pm, and all of the "good" tables--the nice lounge-like ones along the river, the long picnic tables with umbrellas and nice views--were totally occupied. I can see how the vibe of the place would be really enjoyable on a hot night: fans blowing mist, the island feel, the central bar, the hot dog stand in the corner. This night it was cooler and overcast, so these perks didn't really hit the spot. The music is also crazy, crazy loud so you're screaming to talk to people right next to you.
Pros:
-Pretty nice beer list for what it is
-A truly well thought out space along the pier
-The relaxed outdoor atmosphere
Cons:
-They were out of the first two beers my boyfriend and I tried to order (Yards' Saison for me and Victory IPA something something for him)
-WHAT DID YOU SAY? I CAN'T HEAR YOU! 
-If you get there late (i.e. 10:30pm), expect a club-like line out the door
-No surprises here on the menu. The "snack bacon" is literally slices of bacon presented simply in a glass. I do admit that it was damn good bacon. 
Overall I could see how on a weeknight for a few beers at happy your if you get a good table by the water this could be a nice hangout. I doubt I'll return on a Friday.I don't live in Philadelphia, but this is a neat spot. Great place to sit outside on the river and enjoy a drinks. I don't understand the cover charge though, but oh well.
The service was awful. They also need to figure out how to order the right quality of beer. They were all out of 2 Hearted Ale, my favorite. Morgan's is new and going through some growing pains, so this should improve as the season goes on.
Also, they really need to offer a few more menu options. The menu felt very limited and it was hard to find something to order. my girlfriend and I ended up ordering fish tacos, which were not too good.I went here with a few friends around 7pm on a Saturday night. It was crowded but to our surprise, we were able to get a picnic table. It may have been because the weather was a little rainy and we were sitting outside the covered part. The waitress took our drink orders within 5min of us sitting down and made some really good suggestions. She was awesome and I would give her 5stars! The feel of Morgan's pier is pretty relaxed and fun...5stars for that part too! 
I'm giving 3 stars because of the open table policy and the food. The menu is very limited. I ordered the backyard burger for $7..it didn't come with any sides. If you've ever been to nifty fiftys, it's pretty much the exact same burgers. It was ok flavor wise but really tiny. The basket of fries were extra and they were just ok. The tater tots were tasty and probably the biggest thing we got. My boyfriend got the pork belly tacos and he said they were really good. He was a little disappointed with the mushrooms. 
It's a fun place to go to for drinks but that's it. They could be an awesome place if they add some good food...tacos, clubs, flat bread pizza, more tot options. I'll definitely check it out again for some afternoon drinks.Morgan's Pier has a great view of the bridge and city. It's especially gorgeous on summer nights and in general is a nice summer bar in the city to check out. Morgan's Pier has a decent drink selection. Prices are a little higher than most bars but you're paying a little more for the atmosphere. 
There is a cover on weekend nights. It also gets kind of trashy on the weekend almost as if goes from catering to professional adults during the day to a college rave at night. They also way over do it with the smoke machine making it almost impossible to see or breathe at the main bar.
I have eaten  a few of the food items here. It's bar food but better than the average bar food. I'm not usually a fan of french fries but Morgan's Pier makes a really good batch. 
Overall a really nice place to grab a drink on a nice day or evening, but the club atmosphere at night doesn't work for it.We come here on a warm summer day sit outside have some drinks enjoy the view and it's absolutely perfect. The food is great the music is good, the service is on the mark.  As for all the bad reviews of the people who visited night... they should come during the day for something more chill.I came here for the first time last night and it was fantastic - for such a large place, the service was amazing. The server checked on us consistently and often, especially since we were on the second level dining area where there are only 3 tables. This place doesn't have entitled servers who act like they are doing you a favor at every request, unlike almost every other restaurant in Philadelphia. Food was fine, views were fine, and we had a really good time.Despite the potential for a massive downpour (oh and hey to the tornado warnings in the area), I decided to head down here with a friend last Friday.  The whole area is awesome and has a beautiful view of the Ben Franklin Bridge.  We got here just in time for happy hour, which consisted of $3 select drafts (that night it was Yards Pale Ale and Victory Summer Love) and $12 growlers - can't beat that!  
We decided to order some food, although the reviews I checked out before going here didn't have many good things to say about the menu.  We ordered the corn and crab fritters, fish tacos, and vegan chorizo tacos.  The crab fritters were really delicious and the aioli dipping sauce was awesome - but you only get 4 of them for $9, which is a total bummer.  The fish tacos tasted like absolutely nothing so I definitely don't recommend those.  The only reason I ordered the vegan chorizo tacos is because I have a sick obsession with chorizo and just needed to try them.  My friend thought they were pretty good; I thought they kind of tasted like sloppy joe's.  Jury's still out on that one.
Afterwards, I decided I wanted to try pretty much all of their specialty drinks.  I highly recommend the Watermelon Ricky (21st Amendment watermelon wheat beer over watermelon simple syrup with some freshly squeezed lemon) and the Tennessee Lemonade (honey bourbon over basil/rosemary lemonade).  Both of these were absolutely awesome! (Trust me, I'm an expert on this - I had several of them.)
I will definitely be back!  You can't beat the atmosphere here and the staff is EXTREMELY friendly.  The DJ went on pretty late because of the storms, but the music was great.  Go check it out!
Side note:  The main bar does have a tent, so don't be worried if it looks like some rain showers are coming.  You'll be covered!  (See what I did there?)great views, and decent drinks. it's a little difficult to get a table but the service was great. tasty food.Wow this place sucked.  The bloodymary had little vodka in it.  The sandwiches were expensive for what you got.  Image white castle size sandwiches and kids size.french.fry portions.  The beer was cheap and location is great.Great location and overall atmosphere, great music, very nice selection of crafts, good-looking crowd (just want to strongly emphasize the positives now). Their food menu is priced like most other bar/restaurants (i.e. Standard Tap, Lucky Strike, PYT, 500, Kings Oak) except their food actually sucks (again, given the price point*)
For instance, I'd think a cheeseburger at $10 should have more than just a patty, lettuce, onion and cheese and a side of pickle (that's an overconfident burger!). You'd get more taste from Burger King, but would you pay $10 for a Whopper, or a BigMac from McD's? Then why would I want to pay the same price for less of a burger here? (One might say "location and atmosphere" of course, but does that mean the food suddenly becomes more enjoyable based on the good vibes of the place? Nope, not really). And you aren't, for some reason, allowed to have any other toppings added on at your request. I don't get that. 
And the buffalo wings are dinky, not unlike the size of "wing span" from the local crappy pizza place.
There are other food items I'd gripe about, but I don't want to rant more than I already have, or give the notion that I don't like this place. I do. It's just that their food costs more than it's actually worth. Everything else is cool.I was disappointed because they ran out of watermelon Ricky for the season. They had to cut half the deck because there was a private party going on and it was already crowed as it is. My group had to find a small plank of wood and utilized it as a table. The music was horrible. They need a new DJ. And they told my friend that Hot dogs won't be served until 10pm. It was 7 at the time and we where looking forward to buying a ton.In real estate the rule is location. Unfortunately, the Delaware River is stagnate and smelly in a dead fish way off the decks of Morgan's. Add to this the view is just as ugly for a venue that is outdoors. 
The beer selection is good, but what you are paying for is the ambiance. Sad to say, but the ambiance is just not there.Great views and a ok selection of beer.  More than other bars along that strip. Great summer hangout, however the crowd is very hipster-ish. Prices are a little high, especially for cans of beer, 6.50 a little outrageous. I do love that they have table tennis and bago. Will definitely return, but definitely not a frequent hangout spot. Great place to stop for a few drinks, but not an all day all night hangout unless you are willing to spend $100 plus or you don't drink often.Definitely a great outdoor bar to go to during the summer. It gets busy on both Friday and Saturdays and they start charging an inexpensive cover after a certain time. I have been here twice and have not been disappointed. There's a dancing area, but also places to sit. There's a beautiful view of the Ben Franklin Bridge. They also have a trendier version of bar food on their menu. Both food and drinks are reasonably priced for the city. Age ranges vary, but this is not a college type bar by any means.Was really interested in trying this place because of the open air and the view of the river. But when we arrived, we were greeted by rudeness. The lady in front stamped my sweater, and when I looked at my sweater in my confusion,  she merely responded, "you're fine," and proceeded to ask my for my actual arm so she could stamp it. Um.... what? 
Drinks were also mediocre; dark and stormy was lame, and cocktails tasted like juice. Music was also so bad that the dance floor was pretty empty, and if you tried to go up to make a request to the dj (so that people would actually dance), the bouncer will stop you. Yep, the dj himself has his own bouncer. 
Basically, had a short Friday night and called it in early because this place really just wasn't doing it.Great views, great atmosphere, great staff. This was the perfect place to hang out and take in the beautiful fall weather on the first Saturday in November. They had great drink prices for their specials and the ambiance was very lively, young, and hip. Would recommend as a great happy hour spot to anyone visiting Philly for the day!The atmosphere is good, but the over priced drinks and lack of service is a huge turn off.Amazing view of the bridge and the ships coming in and out at night, but getting body checked by that 5% of the dudes who will absolutely hit on everyone, everywhere my friend and I walked? Not a big fan... And I looked like a potato that night, too. Cover fee $5, not a big deal, did not try the drinks or food; will update a review when I do next time. 4 stars for the venue location, outdoor seating and having Chef Jim Burke this year :)This place is so cool!  My roomie and I rode our bikes here on a sunny Saturday afternoon.  Note, this review is for SATURDAY AFTERNOON, apparenlty the place gets crazy crowded with young partiers after 9pm.  Anyway, you walk in, and your eyes immeadiately start zooming from left to right, checking out all the seating, several bars, waterfront view, and where you're going to sit.  There is so much to see here!  We decided to pick 2 bar stools at the center bar.  The bartender was awesome, totally chill, and recommended some beers to us.  Speaking of beers, they have quite a good selection of craft beers for a "touristy" bar on the waterfront.  Much better than any of the pop-up gardens.  I was impressed!   I ordered the Watermelon Ricky, which is 21st Amendment Hell or High Watermelon beer, poured into a cup with ice and real watermelon puree!  It was amazing!  Don't worry, its OK to drink beer through a straw, this was so freaking good, and refreshing on a sunny day!  Prices were OK, $6-$7 for a can beer, but the choices were good.  We didn't eat, but the food we saw coming out of the kitchen looked good.  Overall, aweseome chill place to hang outside on a huge deck by the waterfront, catch some rays, drink some brews, and enjoy the weather!  Oh, there's also a live band daily, just not sure when they play.I loved this place! Great oudoor scene, great menu selection, love the atmosphere. As others have said, the service is a bit slow, but hopefully they will work that out as they are brand new and can tweak that aspect.
I would also suggest that they mix up the music during the day. I was there Sunday afternoon and the music was a bit loud / too "house music" -ish. I would recommend something more low key (oldies? classic rock?) for a Sunday afternoon, but I'm sure the other kind of music would be great for a Saturday night. 
Overall great spot!Being that my younger brother got engaged here, I am going to be partial to it :)
That being said, I came away impressed with this place. It is on the water and the drinks are pretty good. They have a good selection of mixed drinks and beers on draft. 
We had a private area, and they bartenders and waitress were very accommodating with any request for food or drinks we had. 
Security was good and they really did a great job of making sure everyone was of age who was inside the bar.
It was a big venue and they mostly have outdoor seating so I am not sure what they do in the Winter season. But for the summer, it was a great and I would and will totally go back next time I am in Philly.I'd rather be outside at 35 other venues.  No, you don't get points for the nice waterfront view.  
Cover on sunday night, even when I only want dinner?  See you later!
No happy hour?  Bye!
This place is a gimmick, and an expensive one at that.Love, love, love the space.  Especially when there's parking right out front on a Friday late afternoon.  I would have probably parked at d&b if no street parking was available.  There's plenty of different seating/tables to choose from at this place, I don't really think there's any bad seat around.  Do yourself a favor though, if your starving possibly grab something beforehand.  The menu here is slim, picnic style, and pricey.  I was expecting a bit more pizzazz from the chef since i was a fan koo zee doo.  I did have the mushroom banh mi with potato salad.  The sandwich was delicious but the potato salad was meh.  I loved the watermelon ricky (21st amendment watermelon ale with watermelon puree).Although the food was pretty good the service was AWFUL!  We sat for 10 minutes before our waitress even showed up, another 10 minutes before she took our order. We didn't see her again until she brought the check. Someone else brought the food out and they brought the appetizers and meal at the same time. Won't be back.Only good for the brews and the views.  Food is SO average.  A friend ordered the chicken sliders after telling the server that she was really hungry and asking if that was a good choice --- the sliders are the smallest things I've ever seen.  smaller than a fist.  It was hilarious to watch the two nearby tables' same flabbergasted reaction (wow that is small ; $10.00 for this).  The potato salad was really the only thing original and worthwhile - the chef added lima beans, green peas, and mustard seeds to it.  Beer ad beer cocktails were impressive.Good idea, not so great follow through. I was so excited about this place. The view is spectacular, but thats about it.
The food was mediocre at best (friends said the corn fritters were good, all orders of tacos nothing to speak of, we tried them all, pretty bland,) the beer selection is great, if you actually get what you order (we didn't, twice!) but terribly overpriced (cans of beer cost about 2 bucks more than you'd pay at other local bars) and the service was absolutely horrible. (Molly, who blamed all her shortcomings on the bar and couldn't even fake a food recommendation claiming she hadn't tried anything yet so had no idea.) I'm not picky, but I was totally unimpressed. 
The food carts are a good idea (hot dogs and ice cream) and the scenery is nice. Music was pretty good, but as far as anything else concerned as a place to get served food and drink- just awful. I guess its growing pains, but I was expecting more from the R5 group and all the hype. We also found that our cards got charged for the amount we paid, as well as 30 + bucks for at least 2 of us, and the management office never returned our calls. The charges dropped off after 7 days, but still, who needs that? It would take a lot for me to go back here.The wings are like Tyson frozen wings. Just got for the water melon Ricky and avoid he food. Staff is friendly.Went there to day drink, it was a good time. Burgers were simple, but good.This is my favorite bar to go in Philadelphia on a crisp summer night. Between the spacious room, the great location on the water, and the variety of vibes, it's definitely a solid spot. If you come with a large group and just want to hang with your crew, grab a table near the water and enjoy the summer breeze with a bucket of beers. If you want to get your dance on, the DJ plays a great set on most weekend nights (usually electronic music). If you're a weirdo who goes to bars solely for hot dogs, they have them too (seriously though, it is a cool little touch to have the hot dog stand near the entrance for some drunk munchies). 
The beer list is about average. Don't go here for a fancy cocktail. But for what it is, Morgan's pier does it rightThe food is bad... overpriced and you get very small portions. But I mostly came here to drink and watch fireworks.. Normally I will drink ANYTHING with alcohol in it but I had to return a $10 cocktail that was completely undrinkable. The cocktails are disgustingly sweet. It was like drinking syrup. My buddy had ordered a different cocktail and it was the same problem, he just left it on the table because he couldn't stomach it. The waitress gave me a lot of attitude when I explained the issue. I know they were busy but she was snooty with us the entire time we were there and it cost her a big tip. 
Bottom line: If you decide to come here, eat somewhere else first and then stick with beer or shots. They don't know how to make cocktails. As for me, I won't be back!Came for happy hour and really enjoyed myself. Craft beers, good scenario, and the few apps we had were delicious. I would swing by, but I can imagine the nights get out of controlI have seen a lot of negative reviews, but I'm assuming this is a completely different place at night, than it is early in the day. I came here with a group of five adults and a two year old child around 2:00 on a Saturday. They have a multilevel deck with plenty of picnic tables and bar counters with stools. A lot of the bar counters look out towards the water. About half of the picnic tables are covered or have umbrellas over them. There were plenty of choices on where to sit. We opted for a "U" shaped picnic table. One thing that you instantly notice when you enter Morgan's Pier is that it's right on the water and the view of the Marina and especially the Ben Franklin Bridge is quite breathtaking. Aside from that, the music was good and our server had an awesome personality. She was also perfectly tentative. My only complaint is though the food is very delicious, some of the dishes are on the small side and everything, with the exception of drinks are kind of pricey. As with most places in the city, timing is everything and it did start getting really crowded as we left, but it didn't affect our service. Maybe since we were at a table? The only thing I really noticed once it got more crowded was the line for the bathroom had a little bit of a wait. So I'll end this review with I've only been to Morgan's once, but it was a great time. And with that said, Morgan's is by far one of my favorite places to visit in Philly when the weather's warm.This is an awesome place to check out! It has a great view of the river and the bridge.  It's such a nice open air beer garden/ hang out. Great food and drinks on hand!I really enjoyed my experience there but then was told it gets real bro-y at night and fights can break out. Again, I was told this and did not witness it. 
I went with a Yelp crowd of Erin M, Rachel T, Bill M and Kelly C. The only thing we're going to fight about is which flavor of Little Baby's is best. Speaking of, they have a Little Baby's cart and a hot dog cart that sells tofu dogs! Anyway, we went around 6PM on August 2013 First Friday and left before sunset and had a great time. 
I really liked it because it reminded me of the Boat Basin in New York City.
Erin M and I ordered eggplant and tomato salad appetizers. The tomato salad was great but the eggplant was greasy. They had a few other veggie friendly items I would try in the future. Rachel T ordered and shared their fries. Addictive like catnip they were!
Based on my experience and the word on the street I would happily go here again during the day time!best bar.  OK so you have a sick view, water front location, ample bathrooms, ice cream, good food (and vegan options), free concerts on wednesdays, djs on friday and saturday nights, and craft beers and moderate prices.  NO WONDER ITS ALWAYS CROWDED.  the only negative is the weekend cover charge. 
if you're new to philly, or a tourist, a hermit, or you just havent been here yet - before summer is over - you owe it to yourself.  if you dont like crowds stop by on an off night instead of the weekend. 
i love morgan's pier!Stopped by at ~6PM for drinks and some food. Service was great, the food was decent, and the drinks were pretty standard. Would have given more stars if there were some heat lamps available as it was a chilly night or some lights, as I could barely seen my food by the time it came out!Great place to hang in the summer. I love drinking outside, there's a nice view of the Ben Franklin bridge, and if you're lucky enough to pick a good night, you might see some fireworks from Camden too.
They have large picnic tables, cushioned benches, and tall tables with stools by the water. It does get crowded, but I've never felt suffocated. The lines for the bathroom are usually crazy long and awful. I haven't had the food, but they have a decent selection of beer and a few bars to choose from. 
There's usually music, but I've never really liked what I heard there to really make use of the space they have for dancing. They do have fans for those hot nights, and there's usually lasers and fog machines going. There's no cover before 10, $5 after that.Our night at Morgan's Pier started rather unexpectedly. I went into the night with a very frustrated demeanor. Today, July 1st, is my birthday. However, we did not arrive to MP in preparation to celebrate my day of birth. We came to MP to celebrate my good friend Tara's birthday and stateside arrival (6 weeks in barce). For obvious reason I was not a happy camper. Despite this tragic surprise party on my birthday, MP was able to turn the entire night around. The service was comparable to the service at a five star hotel. The food was unparalleled. I did a pizza review and I gave the pizza an 8.7 (extremely above average). The night capped off with a spectacular firework display that had everyone on their feet. It was a great moment to celebrate friends, family, and the birth of our beautiful country. Although the prices were overpriced the speed In which they were delivered made up for it. All in all we had an incredible night at MP celebrating a birthday that was not mine. Morgan's pier, I'll be back.Now that the hype has died down and there's been several chef changeovers, Morgan's Pier isn't a place I'm rushing to visit. Let's be honest, they popped up prior to prevalence of Philly's beer garden scene.
In any event, I found they were a good place to watch the Delaware River 4th of July fireworks. The bridge was a photogenic obstruction. Otherwise, you get a lovely view of an apartment building towards Philly and gorgeous Camden, NJ....
After the fireworks ended, I hightailed it out before the rush of young millennials began their cover-paying night out on the town.I want to love this place. I've been here half a dozen times, over the course of a couple years. The view is great and in the summer it's a good spot to grab a drink. But where this place falls crazy short is: 1) food; and 2) no happy hour. I know every summer when they open they have a new chef, and I've never once been impressed by one single item I've gotten off the menu.  The last time I stupidly got food, I ended up violently ill off their chicken wings. It's gotten to the point that i don't even order food there, and tell everyone to do the same. And no happy hour? Sad. Even the froufrou places give you $1 off during happy hour, but this place still pushes their $6-$7 beer. Also, unless you want to be crammed in like sardines, don't go there on a Saturday night.This place gets 4 stars for location alone.  I went here last night for the first time and the weather was perfect for sitting outside with a beer.  Sitting out here with the lights on the trees and the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge is super cool.
I was, however, expecting this place to be a little more chill.  We got there pretty early in the night and it was already pretty crowded and all the seating was taken.  We ended up finding seats at the bar and ordered some food.  The burger and fries were pretty good for a bar.  The food came out quickly and the service was good.  We eventually were able to grab a table when someone else left and then it much more enjoyable.  It got more crowded as the night went on and there seemed to be a shortage of places to stand.  
It's a great place to people watching, and it's a super strange mix of people in the crowd.  Pregnant ladies, kids, hipster, frat guys, you name it.  The frat guy crowd starts to dominate as the night goes on, I suppose it depends on what's going on that night.  
Perhaps it would be better to be here for dinner and drinks on a weeknight, this place definitely has potential.  I don't think I'd be back here on the weekend unless there was a band I wanted to see.Having just opened for the 2013 summer season I think they have a lot of work to do on service and getting to know the new menu (looked different from last year!). However, you can't beat the waterfront location for outdoor day drinking.Great views. God awful food. 
Took us two hours to get two beers and some food. You seat yourself and then they have three or four waitresses in a massive place that has tables that can seat 10-12 people. 
Got the pork belly, and had to send it back cause it was raw and cold. Second time around, was cooked but wasn't enjoyable. 
Beers were good and they had a good local selection. 
In short: Come for some beers (stand around the bars and don't sit) and a great view. Avoid the food at all costs.Trying out a spot on opening weekend usually isn't my bag, daddy, but we were planning on being not too far away that day... and we were on this quest to do Summery stuff mission... so on the docket it went and we showed up Memorial Day Sunday night. 
Half in the bag, we rolled in as the sun was going down, to $5 cover charges and Shore untz club soundtracks. The place was packed, I scanned for seats but crowded as it was, we mostly leaned on the rail and looked out at the water. 
The word "potential" comes up in many of the reviews here, right? I'll echo those sentiments too. I'm sure a night spent at Morgan's Pier has the potential to be chill Summer-night fun with water views and and drinks and an interesting-looking menu (that I haven't sampled yet... What is this "snack bacon," you speak of? It's called snack bacon.)... or it could be a complete boardwalk bar-scene nightmare, depending...  
This night we met up with lots of friendly faces, bonded with one of the hilarious security guys, drank beers under the lights of the Ben Franklin, and spied on a yacht party that was happening in the marina. It was good fun.
Yes, I think that there's definitely fun to be had here. I'm willing to test this hypothesis again, as a scientist. Also, I wanna know more about these Monday Jamaican Soul nights. We'll meet again, Morgan's Pier.Today morning after yoga class I came to this place with family for breakfast cum lunch. Amazing view of Delaware river and Ben Franklin bridge. No matter what time of the day, evening, or night you come here, you will enjoy the photogenic view of this place. Since it was Saturday morning so it was not busy, service was quick and staff friendly, and I liked the food as well. They don't serve hot drinks (tea or hot coffee), so had to stop at a coffee shop to get hot coffee. If you enjoy water view and being in the open while having lunch or dinner, or just catching up with family / friends over drinks, then this is a must visit place.Came here on Tuesday and while it was less packed than usual, yet the service was STILL incredibly slow. The female bartender chose to take orders from not one, not two, but three male customers who came up to the bar after I had already arrived. I even asked her if I was standing in a restricted area and she replied, "No, hun, the service stand is on the other side of you!" 
I also ordered food and, while it came out quick, i was saddened to see that the food was merely overpriced fried food that could have came from Cavs river deck next door. 
Besides the views, I would stay away.Great weather last night so we figured we'd check it out for a beer- being the 1st night they were open I assumed that would be working out kinks and the kitchen would be finding it's footing.  Happy to say we were wrong!  The staff was plentiful, happy and poised to assist, we stayed for 2 beers and even ordered some food.  The menu looks wonderfully diverse this year and has something for every taste.  We went with the philly pretzel and the mushroom "Fatbread".   While both items were winners,  I have a feeing the "Fatbread" will quickly become a destination item.I don't understand the three-star average for this place. I went and had a blast. Yes, it was crowded and the bathroom line was very lengthy, but what would you expect at a new nightlife spot out in the NoLibs area? Come on now.
The views. The views are great. The bridge, which looks to be a textbook definition of decrepitude while driving on it, looks wonderful from a bit of a distance, especially at night.I was extremely disappointed in how I was treated here. I went with a group of ten women to celebrate my cousin's upcoming wedding. At the door the bouncer examined my ID looked at me and examined it again before telling me it was expired. I told the group to go on without me and told him I had the sheet. When I couldn't find it in my purse, I decided to try to pull it up on my phone. This was between 9:00-9:30, there was no line.
I apologized to him for the delay in retrieving the information and was friendly towards him. He was very rude to me. 
So I stopped chatting and handed him the information when I pulled it up. He continued to scrutinize over it and look at me again, so I said my information. 
He cut me off rudely saying he didn't need all that. 
I apologized again and said it wouldn't hurt to be kinder about things. 
He snapped at me stating that he had been more than patient with me and waived me threw, the group was inside and I called out to my cousin who was ahead of me commenting on his poor costumer service, at this point he was behind me and he ran over grabbed me asked me "what the f***did you say" "I'm not taking that sh**" and told me I had to leave. 
I apologized to this man immediately, stating it was a comment to my cousin. I wasn't belligerent and I was sober. I wasn't looking at him when I commented on his service and I didn't say he was anything, just that I didn't get why he had to act that way. I told him it was inappropriate and I apologized again. He was on a relentless power trip, he even called the other doorman over to escort me out (I'm not even 5 feet tall) Then he made me wait on the curb. 
A female worker followed me out I explained the situation.
She was kind. I asked for the bouncer's name, she said she couldn't provide that information, I then asked if I could speak to a manager. She said she would try to get her. 
The manager came out to speak with the doorman, touching his arm and leaning in closely, but refused speak with. I found the folder paper as I waited. And eventually the bride came to get me explaining I just have to apologize again.
I showed him the sheet this time and true to how he acted before he said this expires on the 8/30. I said I was aware and that I was waiting on the camera card. 
I said I regretted making the comment, it wasn't to him just the group but that doesn't make it right. I then said he could be kinder though because I was trying to be a sweetheart to him and he was rude to me.
He then told me I was out of line. 
I apologized. Again.
Around 11 when we were leaving, I saw the manager and apologized again, thanked her for allowing me in, and explained that the doorman was very rude to me. She said that he told her I cursed at him and that I was lucky she let me. I said I did not curse at him at all, that I will be going forward with a complaint, because the one comment I made wasn't even directed at him and he actually cursed at me repeatedly. 
Look, any place along a body of water is beautiful, but that doesn't give them the right to have such lousy customer service. I regret the comment I made, but unless they are chasing down every patron that comments negatively about the bartenders, waiters, busboys, and DJs then Morgan's Pier's management handled the situation incorrectly. 
So far I have made several attempts to contact someone at Morgan's Pier regarding this situation. They have have yet to return a call. 
I wouldn't even give them one star.Love coming to Morgan's Pier for a summertime day-drink afternoon. Also super fun at night. It's perfect for before or after a concert at Festival Pier. Fun atmosphere!Love the bar, hate the lame DJ in the kanagroo hat that is stuck on late 90s, early 2000s music...soberly and politely asked him to play some current pop/hip hop and he told me because I'm white I shouldn't be listening to hip hop (aka black music) and told me to go to Cavanagh's River Deck...super inappropriateMorgan's is by far my favorite bar in Philly. I love that it's right on the water and right next to the bridge. I've eaten the pork sandwich and the fried tomatoes and absolutely loved both. It's great that they also offer $2 hotdogs and ice cream.
The DJs have attracted mostly hipsters, and I wish they would play more current music when it gets later, but it's still nice that they have dancing. Restrooms were pretty clean although the line was really long. The atmosphere here is unbeatable though, and I've had so much fun every time I've gone. I love this place, and I'm so glad there is a riverfront bar!Used to be a fan of this place but has gone down hill as of late. The quality of the outdoor setting is more than offset by the manure you are given for sustenance. The  seven later dip was a mason jar of disappointment, the nuggets a fried ball of a disappointing color meet, but the drink selection was at least reasonable. Just don't go here to eat anything.I had a wonderful time here. The decor is beautiful yet rustic enough to make you feel like you're at a garden party. I like the idea of being able to sit anywhere. My boyfriend and I went at about 9pm on a Wednesday. 
The menu is kind of small at least when we went so dont expect a full meal with sides. Its pretty much just appetizers. We had the wings, fries and pork ribs. The wings and fries were amazing, yet the ribs lacked any real flavor whatsoever. We drank Yards Philly pale ale on draft so I don't know how their cocktails are. But I was a happy camper with their beer list. 
The waitress was great and always found us in the huge area and she was very fast. Our food came out quickly. 
Great place for a date night or with a group of friends. And it is on the water so I recommend a light jacket at night time. It is nicer and has better food than Cavanaughs River Deck down the street.