Wings are unique, but good. Downstairs bar is better than upstairs. Table service was pretty slow and they couldn't figure out how to split a check for a large group.This is my go-to restaurant when I'm craving buffalo wings/a cheap and yummy meal. My husband took me here while we were still dating and we have been chowing down on the buffalo wings and Spanish fries ever since! 
You can't go wrong. Great wings, either naked or covered in buffalo sauce. The Spanish fries are the perfect complement. 
Tip: don't breathe in the wings because the hot sauce will make you cough.This was my home away from home when I lived a few blocks away. Their Irish potato soup rocks and their burger's are huge. My favorite thing is that they have woodchuck on tap.  If you can find the room,  their apple crisp is yummy (and meant for sharing). The service can be a little slow, but that never put a damper on my good time.Went on a Friday night, so it was pretty loud and crowded. I went to meet friends, and sat in the back. For being so crowded, the wait staff was always available and attentive. I didn't grab a bite to eat, but everyone who did said the food was pretty good. I had a few beers, their beer list isn't the best, but certainly isn't the worst. T
The prices were pretty good for the area. Pretty good for a casual group get together, if you're looking for a place to take a date, I'd advise elsewhere only because of the level of noise and how dark it is inside.Stopped in July 4th in the afternoon.  Great atmosphere.  Had the wings which were fantastic but even better was the bartender, Megan 
absolutely yummy....ooops sorry, I digress.  Seriously had a great time.  Would recommend to everyoneGood beer selection, good crowd.
I stopped in on a Sunday night, based on the reviews here. Wide selection of draft beers, including at least 6 "new" beers, which I assume means "rotating selection". Ordered a Philly steak, which I can't compare to anything else because I am from Seattle. Good, but not excellent.
Not too loud, lots of sports TV.My lady friend suggested Moriarty's for dinner thanks to their outdoor seating and cheap beers.  It was a beautiful and cool night and it was a real treat to sit outside and people watch.  We shared a chicken cheesesteak wrap and a chicken quesadilla.  The wrap was so good!  The quesadilla was good although nothing exceptional.  Prices weren't bad for Center City.  The waitress was nice although I wish she was slightly more attentive.  Both overall I liked it here and I also really loved the inside decor.  I would come back again.Best wings in Philly, period. And if you're not much of a wing person, they have plenty of other delicious Irish plates and sandwiches to choose from. A bar as well! Only thing is is that it can get pretty noisy and tight in there if it's packed, but the food is well worth a visit.Great wings, really tasty and you get a ton of them. Not too expensive, nice people, good atmosphere and location. Highly recommendedMoriarty's dishes out one killer spinach dip.
Accompanied by warm pita, this dip is served in a small bowl and is mixed with the perfect amount of fresh cream and artichokes. And it's no skimpy portion, either! Add extra pita for $1...you're likely to need two helpings. This is currently my favorite dip in the city -- by far -- and you should probably give it a shot if you're into spinach.
On a meatier note, I keep hearing about their wings here, but I'm more into burgers, so I've ordered the Locust Street (bacon and cheese) burger a couple times now. It's standard, cooked to your request, and comes with pretty good fries.
Staff here has always been friendly and I love the decor and ambiance. It's such a relaxing place to spend an afternoon with a good drink or a series of tasters. Definitely need to visit more often!I came here for Center City Sips the other day and they had rum&coke/vodka tonic specials along with chicken fingers, nachos, etc.  I wasn't really expecting much from this place, but the chicken fingers I had were actually pretty amazing.  The service was good and the atmosphere is very in your face irish pub.  Definitely will be coming back to try their normal menu items.Amazing wings! We ordered wings for superbowl sunday and they were ready on time, and amazing. Would definitely recommend them!Friends and I stopped by last Tuesday because he had heard good things about the beer selection.  We grabbed a spot at the bar but were ignored by an old mustached guy who was making shots for two drunk girls sitting at the bar.  He looked directly at us several times but never offered to make us a drink or even acknowledge our presence.  We got out without even getting a single drink.At the recommendation of the receptionist at the lovely hotel husband and I were staying, we went to dinner in a town we have never been to.  Well, we started at the bar for a drink to get a feel for the place and we were very happy with the service and the bartender was lovely. Nice crowd of friendly people at the bar. We then decided to stay for dinner. The food was deliscious, especially the wings that my husband ordered, and they are famous for.  The place is quite cute and cozy, lovely lighting and intimate seating. Lovely for a date or a crowd. Would highly recommend.Met up with some friends who happened to be here one afternoon and decided to give the Sam Adams Cherry Wheat beer a try, at our bartender's suggestion.  Great choice!  It was very light and didn't go right to my head like other beers have tended to do.  Drinks are cheap--this one was only $3!  Friendly barstaff and a fun bar atmosphere, great for midday-early evening drinks with friends.  Moriarty's has a menu as well--didn't get the chance to try anything on it but that will have to happen sooner rather than later!I usually end up here for the wings and spanish curly fries, which are amazing. I love fries and cannot resist any types of fries. but these are GOOD. The spiciness and slight sweetness infusing out of the hot peppers when you bite into the curly fries and hot peppers together gives the perfect combo. I am a fan of small wings over huge ones, and Moriarty's will serve you HUGE wings with hot sauce all over. They are def good,,, just not my styles of wings. 
This place also has a huge selection of food menu and drinks. Their happy hour drink specials are not amazing but good enough to go on a random weekday! I wish they had happy hour food specials however. That would definitely want me to go more often than only going when my friend who is obsessed with their wings wants to go. 
I'm not saying Moriarty's is a no b/c i give 3 stars..I'm just saying it's not the best and it's not my favorite b/c I know i can get better wings and fries with beer at so many other places in Center cityBilly is one of the best busboys at moriartys.  Always took time out time to treat customers like gold.   Billy has been with the bar for years.  
With all this said.  I came in tonight and a Asian manager fired him.
Moriartys is not the same without billyThe food is excellent and I love the beer selection. The place feels like a city bar you want to be at.This place never disappoints me. I enjoy the atmosphere and the food. I've had a variety of menu items and they're all great. I favor the chicken wings. I'm from Buffalo believe these are better than a lot of places back home. I travel in and out of Philly for work and always make this spot my number one food choice. 
Back again and still think it's awesome.It took 10 minutes to get greeted and waters. Literally we were sat at 12:50pm and  were greeted and watered at 1:00pm. Luckily we love their wings.Pretty good food, burgers rock!
Service can be slow when it gets crowded but the food is usually worth the wait!Always a great crowd and fantastic food. I guess I don't have to say -best wings in Philly- because that would be redundant, but seriously the best wings in PhillyThey have Tsingtao beer! Really good, nice and light.  They also have really good (and strong) martinis.  My bf and I shared the buffalo chicken wings appetizer - full wings (drumstick and wing), huge portion, and cheap! (highly recommended).  We also split the chicken parmesan (also a very huge portion) and thought it was pretty tasty - it wasn't too drenched in marinara sauce.  The ambience is quite comforting bc very kinda small and homey feeling - great place to hit for late night comfort foods.I won major bonus points today when I suggested having some of Moriarty's wings for dinner to my bf. His eyes lit up and off we went to finally FINALLY try what so many Yelpers have dubbed the best wings in Philly. After battling our way through those hefty suckas I have to say, Moriarty's makes a fine buffalo wing. 
When you first see that platter coming at you, all you can think about is how BIG they are. We're talking the whole wing, not those dinky itty bitty faux wings at most pubs. And there's a LOT of them in one order. Juicy meat, and covered in spicy goodness. Their sauce is great, lots of heat slightly compensated by a buttery base, and the blue cheese sauce is the perfect complement. 
The staff was really nice, but man was it crowded - Saturday night, so not completely unexpected, but we did arrive there on the early side (6-ish) and it was already pretty full, and quickly getting packed with people.Best wings in the city! I've tried just about everywhere and these are by far the best. An order of 10 wings  is really like 20 because you get the leg and the wing in one piece. Decent beer selection and prices for the area as well. Also has an authentic Irish pub feel inside.There is a place where the Irish celebrate and the green runs through your blood no matter what your background is. Whether it's St. Patrick's Day or just a regular weeknight or weekend, the people at Moriarity's have the Philadelphia charm. Their wings are a common order among patrons, but on a cold day I'll gladly go for a bowl of warm Irish potato soup with bangers and mash. 
The beer selection is pretty good and while pitchers aren't an option, there is plenty to talk about since the pub is decoratated with local playbill memories and water jugs that the owner collected. The chandeliers aren't the swanky kind, but instead a good quality Tiffany style that still make them classy. I can't help it, I love the style the pub has.
Even the standard fried food is pretty tasty. A classic cheeseburger with lettuce, onion and tomato is served on a fresh bun and looks like it came right from a tv ad. Biting into the burger didn't let me down either because it tasted just exactly the way I imagined it would be. French fries are part of the order and grey poupon is automatically served when the order arrives at your table. Along with an order of onion rings, a few shots of Irish whiskey and well, that's what I can safely say is pretty damn tasty.Nice bar with an excellent beer selection  They have many Imports and domestics on tap at reasonable prices.  The nachos and chicken wings are amplly sized and hit the spot after a few beers.Best chicken wings I've ever had.. Ever .. That and the Spanish fries and a cold beer are pretty much as good as it gets for me as far as bar food.. Place gets jam packed but it's worth the wait for those giant delicious chicken wings  lol..Awesome wings and awesome beer! Great way to spend a Sunday! Our waitress was super friendly too. Wings are HUGE!Very cool display of Pub Jugs that show a lot of history! This place has such a fun atmosphere and everybody is very nice who works here. Moriartys has great happy hour deals that occur 7 days a week. My favorite choice of drink was the Allagash White.A. Forgot to order the wings...smashed state was the cause
B. Walnut street burger never disappoints...was too good
C. Never ate upstairs, so it was a bonus
D. Waitress was very pleasant even though we were a hot mess
E. Bill was decent, not over the top for the amt of grub
I will always hit.They seem to have a ton of staff turnover, but food has been consistent.  Everyone is right, the wings are great, spanish fries are good as well.  Cold beer and whiskey flow for me when I am there and I can easily make it home, nice.Me and my coworkers love their wings so much we send someone to go pick them up for us all the time. No other wings will do! Also their bartenders are awesome! friendly and nice to talk to. Big fan of the Irish atmosphere. Great Irish pub in philly!Moriarty's is my main place to get a drink with friends. I like that I can get a $3 Golden Monkey during happy hour here. Their mixed drinks are really good. I typically don't go here to eat. My friend got a chicken breast entree once that was dry and mediocre. However, their wings and spinach/artichoke dip with pita bread are very good. Service is pretty good, especially considering that I always go when it's busy.My aunt and I always get the appetizer sampler sort of thing here, and the wings on the platter are the first to go. And the last time we went there (a few years ago), I was introduced to Shepard's Pie and ever since, it has become a favorite dish of mine.With all the other options around Market East, this place stays open being a solid 'drunk food' option. The later you go in there, the more sauced the patrons tend to be.
That said, it's exactly what you'd expect from a pub covered in memorabelia: sandwiches, plates of wings and fries, and then mysteriously present steaks that nobody ever seems to order.
The service is a definite bummer, but when you make a living off of taking abuse from drunk people, I don't blame them for avoiding tables.Great service. Sat at the bar and the bartender was super nice. This place is known for their wings. They're obnoxiously big but tasty. Stella only $3 during happy hour - which is awesome.Great food, Chicken Thumbs, Pierogoes, equal BOMB!  Good service!  Sports on, bust bar!  Must come.There are many reason's to stop at Moriarty's.
- You're looking for a good selection of draft beer.
- It's after midnight and you're hungry.
- You need to be abused by Dick the bartender.
I'd give them an extra half star if I could.I'm not 21 yet, so while I couldn't drink, I have to say they're food was excellent. It was also the FASTEST service I've ever experienced. I think I was in and out in about 30 minutes, without feeling rushed.Stopped in for lunch yesterday afternoon with a co-worker:
Although it initially looks like your run-of-the-mill Irish pub from the outside, Moriarty's is a step above when it comes to food and brew selection.
I started with a bottle of Leffe Blonde, which was served in the proper glassware and at a respectable temperature (i.e. not freezing cold). They offer about 40 beers on tap and have another 50 or so in bottles. I was pleased to see a nice selection of belgians (all three Chimays, La Chouffe, Atomium, Delirium Tremens, etc.) and american micros (Stone, Dogfish Head, etc.).
The bartender seemed a little on edge and wasn't really receptive to my questions about the seasonal tap offerings. The staff is often a bit tense, but that might be due to an overwhelming amount of Center City traffic.
I usually grab the buffalo wings when I stop in (they're awesome, by the way), but I wasn't too hungry, so I went with the Spanish Fries. They were spicy and delicious; mixed with assorted greens and onions. My buddy got the French Dip and that looked amazing as well.
Before we returned to the office, I decided to sneak in a Hoegaarden and Chimay White, which were both tasty enough to make the rest of the day go by rather quickly.
A nice place to stop for lunch or a quick sip.From the moment I saw this Irish Pub I was transported back to Dublin. Full menu includes Shepards Pie, Bangers and Mash, and Fish and Chips. Interior Tiffany lamps and metal ceilings add ambiance."Get out of my way!" I often want to yell this in Moriarty's, because for all that it is, it is also a bar that attracts tourists and other annoying patrons.  Goofy decoration all over the ways add to the weird, chain restaurant vibe of this Irish pub.
It's no secret that this place has great wings.  Perfect buffalo sauce, full wings that definitely came from steroid pumping chickens.  They're served up with crispy skin and come in portions that can fill even the most vacuous stomach for $10.  
The secret is that Moriarty's is actually a cool bar.  Some of the bartenders are super cool. There's always at least one beer for $3 every day, and happy hour discounts the entire beer selection.  Otherwise prices can be a bit high, but still normal for center city.
As for the rest of the menu: Who knows.  I've been here tons of times and only ever get the wings.  I suggest you do the same.They have a giant sign that reads 'fresh vegetables' hanging in bar, yet the only thing remotely healthy thing on the menu is a roasted veggie wrap that consisted of merely lettuce and tomato. I told the waitress that they left off the roasted vegetables, so she brought me a tiny cup with literally two small strips of red pepper soaked in oil most likely from a jar or can.Sat night was Karaoke night upstairs! Love. Didn't eat here, but the place was packed so must be doing something right. The bartenders were attentive and friendly.My girlfriend and I came in before back in October of 2014 based on a yahoo article siting the best places for wings throughout the nation. So we decided to give it a shot and see how it is. 
Their classic wings definitely are one of the best I've ever had. We came back again in May and had them again this time with Fried Mozzarella as supplement. They give small amounts of food but the portions are more than enough to keep you satisfied. 
We got four pieces of fried mozzarella along with red sauce to dip. The fried mozzarella was perfectly crisp on the outside and when you bite into it the mozzarella was able to keep its consistency and pull apart without dropping. By far - one of the best cooked mozzarella there is. 
Moving onto the best part - the fried chicken. They're drizzled and bathed in buffalo sauce along with the complimentary carrots and celery. It came with about 8-9 pieces of fried chicken. Perfectly fried and seasoned. The chicken was sweet and tender when you take a bite with the skin being crispy and the buffalo gives that extra kick. It comes with bleu cheese but I rarely dipped into it as the buffalo was more than enough. 
Definitely one of the best places with a warm atmosphere. A bonus is that our food came pretty quickly and our waitress was attentive which made the experience that much better. This is a place you should definitely try ou.I probably order chicken wings every where I go.... I've even eaten buff wings in Buffalo, NY... but this my friends is the real deal.
NOTHING is better than Moriarty's wings.  I once had my boyfriend who was in Philly drive 2 orders of wings back to Brooklyn for me... 2 hr drive later.... still absolutely perfect.
GIVE. ME. WINGS!The inside made me feel like I was back in Ireland. While I wouldn't want to spend an entire evening here, it's smashing for a quick drink before dinner. 
The food is a definitive pass, but the staff is friendly and makes you feel welcomed. I was actually able to fill my own class from the tap whenever I wanted- something I've never done before. Literally entertained me for a solid hour. However, all that aside, beer is slightly over priced here.A nice pub with friendly staff and patrons.  The beers were cold and they literally have the best wings I ever had! Can't wait to go back to enjoy them again!Awesome wings and cheese fries!!! Definitely worth the money and you get enough to share. Probably one of the best places to get wings and beer. Also good pork sliders and nachos. The atmosphere is very relaxing and homey. It wasn't too loud...I didn't have to yell to talk to the people I was with nor did they. It was an overall great experience. 
Try the Kona and harp beers. Founders all day IPA a good hoppy beer.Good time with good friends.  I like this bar, it's a great hang out spot.
So why only 3 instead of 4 like last time?  Got the fish and chips, and the fish tasted old (which is surprisingly hard to do if you are deep frying fish).  The tartar sauce was less than memorable (positively memorable I mean, it was memorably not so good).
Otherwise, the bartenders were attentive but not bothersome, good crowd but not overly crowded...what am I saying here - It's a great chill spot.Go to spot always, whether it's for a celebration, dinner, or a late night drink.  The ambience is awesome and also love sitting outside.  Would recommend the French onion soup. Love this place.This isn't a fine dining establishment, but it is where you'll find some of the best wings in Philadelphia. We frequent this place, every Thursday, we come for happy hour beers and wings. The wings are big and crispy and the ever-changing draft beer list will help you cool the burn from the hot sauce.Not just another Irish pub! Interesting design, big collection of whiskey jars (they are everywhere there), great food, big beer menu, affordable prices (for me, tourist from NYC). I came to Philly on February, it was snowy and cold outside, but inside the bar was cozy atmosphere and a good selection of seasonal drinks such as Moriarty`s irish coffee (it was pretty strong!) and Hot Cider with Rum and cinnamon stick. Definatly will come back there!So bad. My friends and I just went and they just got food sickness from this place. The food is passable and non memorable I don't understand how people go here more than once. Super salty for no reason. I'm so sad.Good wings?  No.  Epic wings.  And a great draft selection to boot.Very cool bar with a good atmosphere. We were well taken care of by the bartender during our 4 hour binge at the corner where my six friends and I bellied up, sipped good cocktails, ate good food, and enjoyed ourselves. The restrooms are unisex, so don't bug out when you use them. No, not Allie McBeal unisex; that'd be awkward.Loved the atmosphere of this bar.  Decorated like an Irish Christmas Party!  
Lost of activity in a Friday night in Philly.
I ordered Sheppards Pie which had good flavor but was a bit dry.  The Seafood Chowder was very good and some were the Cheese Stick Apps.So this place is decent. I would say mid prices. It is though small and cramped. The fish and chips was good but the curly fries honestly lacked flavor. Their French onion soup also was much more broth tasting than flavorful. Their chicken wings are massive, and I mean freaking huge.My favorite place for wings in Philly. You can smell the sauce as soon as you walk in the door. I rarely order anything else here except sometimes the Spanish fries.  I always recommend this place to people visiting Philly looking for a cheap meal and have never heard bad things from them. 
I often just get the wings to go ...I think they charge an extra 50 cents to do so, which is nothing.I have eaten lunch twice here now and really like this place. Great atmosphere and instead of judging ordering beers at noon its actually encouraged which makes me feel right at home. 
The food I have had: Everything you have heard about the wings are true. They are huge, and sauced to perfection. Definitely have the kick I enjoy without being overpowering. The Reuben was slightly disappointing. It was on the dry side and the kraut didn't have all that much flavor. Luckily, you can get them with the fries which are ultra crispy and well seasoned. These fries accompany the cooked to order burger I've had which was tasty although somewhat expensive at $11. 
The service is pretty standard, on the slower side if anything which can be annoying for refills. And if you go with a large group they will only split the bill on cards up to 3 ways. 3.5 stars would be my ideal score, but I'm at work on Presidents Day writing this so I must round down.I really like coming here over the summer. The best place to sit in this place is right next to the windows because they usually open it and nothing beats the feeling of the summer breeze while drinking a tall glass of Frankiskaner!I really like this place because the waitresses are always really nice and the food is solid.  I truly don't understand the "Mexican" menu, but I also haven't tried it so who am I to judge?  They have enough beer to keep me happy and the bathroom is clean :) .  I truly appreciate the fact that the kitchen is open til like 1 am, because sometimes I get started late.  Hooray!Wings were solid. Pretty big portion for wings. A little disappointed in the variety of wings offered. Courteous  service. For the price of wings it was worth it.BEST WINGS EVER and BEST SAUCE EVER
The wings here as you can guess are the best, and the sauce is perfect
I come here with a friend all the time and we usually split one order and its usually the perfect amount.
Great beer list with a nice happy hour special. Beers are usually only $3 during happy hour.
Tried a few other things on the menu but was not satisfied the cheese steak barely had any meat on it and was just ok. Thus the reason for 4 stars not 5
I would recommend just sticking with the wings here.The best wings in Philly, period! I have been going here since 1995 and have never been let down. If you want a sandwich, try the open-face Reuben. And beer, there is a huge selection. Atmosphere is fantastic and true to Irish pubs. Excellent service and outdoor seating. Can't wait to go back!I had the wings and they were juicy and crispy.  I also had the cheeseburger which was OK.  The bun was of poor quality but the meat tasted good.  Also, this place has a great beer selection.  The negative was that we sat outside on a warm summer night and there were just too many characters walking around.  Two homeless people came up to our table.  I think this establishment should see if they can put up like small bushes or some type of barrier around the tables like I see at a lot of other places with outdoor seating.  I will be back but just will never sit outside again.I've been to Moriarty's a good number of times (probably around 10 or so, if not a bit more), and it consistently provides a good atmosphere, a fairly wide variety of beers and other drinks, and good food.  When we go, it's almost always to get some of their wings, which is a favorite amongst my groups of friends.
The downside to having such a popular place is being able to keep it well-staffed, I suppose, as there have been times when flagging down a waiter or waitress has been a bit of a challenge.  Nothing so bad that it'd make me leave or not come back, but if you go on a night where every table's full, you're probably going to have a similar problem.We are always looking for a good Irish pub, but sadly this isn't one we will return to. First off, our waitress did in fact do a wonderful job. It was the food that was the problem. We almost left without ordering when we were told they were out of corned beef. But we decided to stay. I got a chicken sandwich and my wife got the fish and chips. My chicken sandwich had the smallest piece of chicken on it. My wife described her meal as plain and mostly tasteless. We both found the fries to be undercooked. To be honest we left after eating to go somewhere else because we were still hungry. We had high hopes for this place but sadly we were disappointed. There is a good local beer selection though so kudos there.I should've known to turn around when the music I hear on entering, entering a "traditional" Irish pub, I should remind you, is "I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy." The food was less impressive than the music: a Reuben that was made from low-grade meat, served cold, on untoasted bread that someone called rye but was only marbled and tasteless, from what I could judge. I had the sandwich sent back, asking for  rye bread this time and toasted. The same marbled bread returned, this time toasted, though by the time the dish was placed in front of me the toasting was a memory and again the bread was cold.Good food, great service. We went here after covering the Pope's visit to Philadelphia on Saturday and Sunday evening. We ordered a burger and chicken sandwich. Both were delicious. We sat outside on the street, which was really cool.Moriarty's? More like 221Bitchin' Baker Street. Do yourself a favor and grab a plate of wings.Very large beer selection ---    Karaoke upstairs on a Saturday night ---  full sized chicken wings (they give you the full wing)  --- staff was incredibly nice and accommodating.   The menu looked good, but I only had room for the wings.  It was a large order!  
This place was a lot of fun to hang out at.    Would love to come back at some point in the future.   There are plenty of parking garages in the area, so parking definitely isn't a problem.Moriartys quietly became my obsession for a mid day meal . I seemed to always end up there for something to eat or drink. It was the first name that came out of my mouth when asked where to go. I am a fan of their chicken ceaser salad which at times would be all i eat. I like the atmosphere but if you arent a fan of crowded places then its not for you. It gets pack really quick ,especially for happy hours,.(the wait is not too long)However if you are a fan of good food,Great/strong drinks and pretty reliable service from nice and personable waiters/ waitress then this is your spot. Its a great place to bring a person who isnt from philly,especially during the summer when it is warm out and you can sit out side and enjoy the sounds of the city.  Enjoy!I went here with my boyfriend on a Thursday night a couple weeks back. We had only previously gotten wings here, so we decided to go out on a limb and try something else. We got the chipotle chicken sandwich and needless to say it far surpassed our expectations, it was a large sanwich and was actually pretty tasty. 
We had only been to this place once before and the service was pretty good, however this time, we got there at the tail end of happy hour and it was a little crowded. Normally this doesnt bother us, but our waitress did disappear for a long time and we had to ask other waitstaff to find our server. In fact, it took a long time for our waitress to even realized we had sat down.
Judging on the food and beer alone, I would give this place a solid 4 stars, with tasty food and big portions, but the service left a little to be desired.This place felt right on a rainy fall day. The interior is dark with comfy soft chairs and friendly bartenders. They had a great draft list and sample size tasters. The bottle list was huge so I'm sure any beer drinker could find something they like. They also had a very extensive liquor offering.
We didn't look at a menu so I'm not sure about the food / pricing. But it was a nice stop for a quick drink!Great place for a burger & a beer and a perfect choice if you're in the mood for delicious wings. 
The wait for two at 7pm on a Saturday night was a half hour, but we were taken to our table after only 15 minutes. The table we were seated at was in the way of everything and everyone. Thankfully, a table close by was clearing out, so we snagged it.
As an appetizer we ordered the Nachos Supreme; same as the regular nachos but with sour cream. They were a bit spicy, but enjoyable. I needed a fork to finish because the chips were all soggy. For dinner I ordered the burger covered in mushrooms and cheese. The fries were crunchy and the burger was juicy and flavorful.
If you're up for an adventure, try the 7 layer chocolate cake. Let me know if you finish it... you'll be a better person than me.
As we were leaving, they were setting up for karaoke on the 2nd floor. I believe the chalkboard said it started at 9pm. Not sure if this happens every weekend or not, but the DJ was super nice, and was the one who suggested the chocolate cake!A decent place for a quick meal. Don't expect anything special -- your choices are something fried or a sandwich, for the most part. Great selection of beers.
Went there with a party of 8 and the hostess was kind in finding room for us, especially on a Saturday night with no prior notice. Our waitress, however, couldn't have been more miserable, completely ignoring one end of the table for a good portion of the night. I also recall seeing something on the menu about not being allowed to substitute items on the menu for others. I'm sorry but as a restaurant patron, there is NOTHING that turns me off more than a restaurant basically saying that they don't care if you're satisfied with what you order. I'm sure you can take the extra 20 seconds to factor in the price of a side salad instead of french fries.
Aside from this one sour customer service experience, the food was decent. The wings were very good, although I'm always a bit turned off by wings that legit look like they're waving at me when they arrive on my table.My fiancee and I were here about two years ago and had a good experience. Not this time. The waitress was very aloof, not particularly pleasant. So what I thought, I'm not so picky that I need to be catered to in a fancy manner, but what got to me was the manner in which the server bought out the food. We were sitting outside and she came over quickly and gave us our wrong order but managed to literally drop it hard on our table and walk away. Our waitress noticed and apologized while telling us it was someone else's order. At this point I just paid for a meal I didn't eat and walked away. I see a lot of raves for the wings in this place but for me they were huge brontosaurus-type wings. Maybe it was just a bad turn of events. Either way, won;t be pushing my luck any longer here.30 beers on tap...Need I say more? Good place to go to with friends for drinks! Not as tight as Monks or Eulogy. It's a solid bar/restaurant.They are supposed to have the best wings around... I wouldn't agree with that, but the wings were pretty good. We got wings, nachos, and drinks... all were good. Our server was awesome.. the perfect mix of fast, friendly, and efficient. They have a really extensive beer menu and really good happy hour pricing. My favorite part about the place is the ambiance... They only word I can think of to describe it is 'warm'. The only way to know what I mean is to go visit!We had the traditional Irish food and it was excellent.  Atmosphere was dark but you could still read the menu.  Only con was the music was too loud and people had to talk loudly to hear each other.Amazing menu! Everything looked good and the food that I had was delicious. The waiters were friendly and the classic Irish pub decor was nice to look at. I definitely recommend this place.around dinnertime, this place always seems to be busy. but i've never had to wait long for a table to eat. love the california ceasar wrap. the ambiance is pretty dark inside. there's a few outdoor tables. good for people watching on walnut!We stopped here yesterday looking for a place to have some pub food. I knew I was going to have the wings after a server carried an order past our table. They looked amazing. The wide variety of on tap beers and the reasonably priced wine confirmed our choice. The wings looked great and were as delicious. The wife had an excellent shepherd's pie. We topped the meal off with a shared rice pudding. Also an excellent choice. Will definitely return!Can't say too much about the place because I only attended a party on the top floor. Overall, the staff and service were great. The only downside was the it got a bit hot in the upstairs; however, that is to be expected when you have a large group of people up there. Also, (and kind of our fault) the upstairs party room had too many tables for a party that wasn't serving entrees. We had a reception in which there were only a few appetizers, but there were so many tables (most went unused), and they were kind of just in the way because everyone was just standing and socializing. Overall nice place, I'd try again for dinner if I was in Philly.Most of the time when I go to Moriarty's, I'm going for Saturday night karaoke. It's always absurdly crowded, loud, and more often than not there's a huge group of women there for a bachelorette or birthday party. I don't expect to sing much, or to be able to carry a conversation, but you can't beat the level of energy in the room.
They have a diverse selection of both food and drink, with tons of appetizer and sandwich options. People rave about the wings, and while they are very tasty, I am not a fan. Unlike most wings, they don't trim the wingtips off, making for a difficult eating experience, as you pry apart the wing, drummette, and tip
The waitstaff generally handles the crowds well, but can understandably get overwhelmed. They have 3 floors available, with the 1st floor often packed, the second floor with fewer TVs and hosting the karaoke night, and a private third floor for events. It seems like a popular destination for conventioneers as well.Best wings in Philly!!!! I don't normally go out of my way to eat hot wings (I prefer BBQ), but I constantly find myself craving them. The burgers are also delicious!
As far as drinks go, they have a pretty large selection, and a rotating tap. I prefer cider over beer, and they actually have a decent amount to choose from (compared to many places only having one cider in stock). If you're a cider fan, try the Magner's Pear! Got it by mistake once and it was the best accident ever!
Haven't had bad service yet! I work down the street, and a group of us has become regulars here over time--the servers always remember us, and make it a point to stop by and chat when they have time. Great staff!I come here pretty frequently, usually with a group of friends. Last night I came in and had great service, great food and lots to drink. Then one of my friends noticed that (through the window on the door to the kitchen) a waitress was chowin down on someones fries before she brought them out to a table..just sayin that's pretty nasty and hopefully the manager reads this and has a talk with the employees at your establishment.As frequent visitors to Philly, we always swing by this joint.  Love the appetizers, beer selection, prices and service!Are you considered a regular at a restaurant if you go at least once, sometimes twice a week? If so, I can definitely say I am a regular here. I love the beer selections but only once have I sat at the bar as I usually come here for the wings. One plate of wings is more than enough for two people and at $10 I have yet to have seen them beaten in Philly. Most of their servers are awesome and attentive however the best by far has been Tom.I want to like this place more.  It's so close to my house and so reasonably priced.  
Atmosphere:  Loud and crowded.  All the time.  I'm okay with this but this place is tiny.  I think it's bringing in the Jefferson crowd so it can be overflowing with self-important medical students (this isn't their fault though, I know). I like the wood paneling and their intense self promotion about their wings.
Food:  The food here is decent.  As just mentioned, they do a lot of self promotion about their wings being the best.  OKAY, your wings are good.  I fondly refer to them as the chicken arm.  That's way too big to be a wing. They kind of freak me out because they're so big and really make you aware that you are eating an entire wing of a chicken.  Personal problem?  Definitely.  I've also had sandwiches here before that are very average.
Drinks:  Moriarty's does have good prices (for center city) and a good selection of beers.  I will give them that.  If you want to drink beer you can't go wrong.
Service: has always been sub par and last time I went there it was so bad it prompted me to finally write this review! Our waitress last time was SO rude.  I'm very sorry that you have to bring us a beer and some food but hey, this just in: it's your job!  She made it clear to us that we were really putting her out by doing what customers do at a restaurant, ordering food. 
So, this is another place like Varga that I end up at because of it's price and convenience.  There are better options.Moriarty's is amazing.  Cheap drinks, a fun crowd, friendly servers.  And OMG the wings... the wings are an experience.  The best I have had outside of Buffalo.Great Irish pub with a good happy hour. Wings were crispy and delicious. When it comes to the bar a couple middle TVs had a fussiness to them which I do not think they plan on fixing. My beers lacked being cold. The bartender Josephine left beer glasses empty for minutes on end to the point where the glass was dry. She was easily going to make a great tip and she received a decent one because her negative attitude and sub par bartending skills left us no choice. Maybe she was prejudging us and thought we wouldn't tip good which is wrong in so many ways  but I cannot understand how you could be so terrible at bartending with a half full bar. Lack of care if anything.I can be very judgmental. Slowly but surely I'm maturing and letting go of my quick-draw assumptions. I can tell a few employees at Moriarty's have yet to reach this point or even start the long haul towards adulthood. 
I've been here once before so I'm far from a regular and didn't realize that behind door #1 is a clear walkway and behind door #2 is a huge wooden bench that will stop you dead in your tracks. I was quick enough to catch myself before toppling over it, but the guy who entered a few seconds later was not. Everyone got a real kick out of it and I was the only one, staff included, to help him up. Maybe we can move the bench now? Or lock door #2? Just some thoughts.
My friends, a married couple with a newborn, were home from Hawaii for one week. In that one week they had to squeeze in three sets of families, a wedding and tons of visits from friends. As smart as they are, they plotted to kill a few birds with one stone and have all the college buds meet up at Moriarty's to see them, the babe and savor the wings that even the beautiful Maui sunsets couldn't erase.
The staff was more than annoyed that we rolled so deep without a reservation. They also weren't too keen on the baby. We had to split up between a booth in the back and seats at the bar and our server actually had the nerve to ask us to only order drinks from her. OK. So we'll stand by the table, order drinks, then go drink them by the bar. 20 minutes later they relinquished a large, unoccupied table held for a no-show reservation. Some of us moved to the table, some stayed in the booth that was within arm's reach. They said we had to give up the booth. This still did not solve the problem of the lacking seats. So we left. 
I've never felt so unwanted. If it weren't for the wings  and stellar happy hour deal ($3 drafts from a hefty selection) I'd knock off a star in the ratings.If I am craving wings, I come here. I don't even to look at the food menu. I just place an order of wings, and then figure out what beer to wash them down with.
The wings are on steroids. They're messy. They're delicious. And I never feel like sharing. (Sorry, friends).
The carrots are also on steroids, but eyes on the prize ladies and gentlemen. FOCUS ON THE WINGS. 
And that's all you gotta know.This place is pretty dope. Harry is the best bartender in the history of bartending. (There you go Harry, I left a good review). Also the food is delicious. We ordered the Reuben sandwich -open- on point, and the fish and shrimp combo, also on point. And then... I can't even talk about it yet without my mouth watering... we ordered the bread pudding for dessert. Lemme tell ya- better than what ya momma could cook up in Ireland herself. Just go, you won't regret it.After reading all these reviews, I'm going to have to come back and have some wings. We only had some beers on the alley in outside seating. The place was packed and the beer selection was good.  Is was a good choice for us since being outside allowed for better conversation.This bar was down the street from my hotel. I had 3 nights in Philly and we ended each night with a nightcap at Moriarty's. I can't explain it - the food was typical bar food and the drinks aren't overly cheap - but it was the perfect place to sit outside and watch people walk by. The staff was probably what made it great for us - the first night we had a girl (wish I remembered her name, she was wearing a foot cast) who realized that we were tourists so she made us a list of recommended things to do. We did most of them and really appreciated her advice. Next night we had Angelo, who was full of personality! Just a friendly, local bar with an overall positive vibe. Great place to people watch!Great find in central Philly. Warm cozy pub atmosphere. Nicely decorated for Christmas/Holidays. 
Nice list of on draught beers ..decent selection of house wines that won't break the bank.
Large menu of pub grub including some Mexican and Irish dishes.
The real winner and house specialty is the Buffalo Wings. Tasty, with a decent amount of heat and a good dipping sauce. HUGE amount of large wings, are Terradactyls still alive somewhere? Safe bet for a nice meal and a tasty 12 year Jameson's for dessert! Very reasonably priced.How close does a place have to be to be considered your "local"? Does it actually have to be on the block where you live, or can it be within a 3 block radius? If so, I propose making Moriarty's my local. 
It definitely smacks of faux-irish-pub, but what pub outside of GB doesn't? The people are friendly, the beer is cheap and there's enough good food to keep it interesting. How can you go wrong with a combination of pub food plus Mexican, I ask? That's a rhetorical question, because obviously the answer to that is that you can't go wrong. Ever. 
Beer, nachos, best wings in the city, shepherd's pie...you know what to do.This is one of the places that the ladies and I stop after drinking. Had lunch here today with my MIL. Darren was a great server. Checked back at appropriate intervals, very pleasant and accommodating.They have a great chipotle chicken sandwich. It's a pretty small place and okay at best.  We were watching the football game,  it was turned off mid game by the bartenders and they wouldn't put it back on. The place is in some serious need of management or someone to lead it.  I went to the bathroom and my seat was given away, so obviously I didn't spend any more money and felt no need to leave a tip.Check out Wingman Collier's video Wing review!!! Just search Wingman Collier on Facebook or YouTube!!! Great wings!!!
Keep the Wing Train Rolling and Enjoy Life One Wing at a Time!For the huge portions, the prices here are pretty good.
And I do mean HUGE portions. Their chicken wings were big enough to make me wonder what kind of growth hormone they were being fed...out of 9, I ate 2. 
4 stars because I prefer the "wet" chicken wings, and Moriarty's has the fried/drier version. Overall, not bad, especially when a football game is on!Had a great meal here on a recent trip to Philadephia - great food, good service, nice atmosphere, and it didn't cost a lot, either. Definitely a fan!I've been here a few times and the food is really good and decently priced. I haven't tried the wings so I can't really speak on that but there salads and burgers are sooo good! I would give it 5 stars but the wait staff is some what rude. I mean to a point I can see why cause I've been there on busy nights and I guess it can get overwhelming and there's a lot of obnoxiously drunk people that seem to make their way in there...I mean I like to drink and get messed up but I feel like I know how to handle myself? When you're at the point where all you're saying to the waitress is that her "sex is on fire" then maybe it's time to pack it in. And yes that's something I witnessed there...but still and all it's a good food experience and lively atmosphere but again the attitude of the staff leaves something to be desired.Nope. So sad. We stopped in for HH last week and it couldn't have been worse.
1. I went for a classic Guinness and it tasted horrible. It tasted like the keg had gone bad and the tap lines weren't calibrated correctly. Such a waste.
2. Chicken tenders were atrocious. Obviously frozen and the 'honey mustard' was basically yellow-tinhed mayo.
3. Service was terrible.  If you're a regular, they loved you. But our waitress spilled our beers all over the table and was incredibly standoffish.  Also, they have a sign on the table that says if the waitress doesn't tell you the specials then your meal is free...we weren't sure if this was a joke or not but then we heard her pleasantly tell the specials to the couple behind us! We almost brought it up because we definitely would've ordered the special had we heard it. But knowing how little servers make, decided against it.
We won't be back.ROB IS THE WORST BARTENDER EVER!! i have never been so disrespected at a bar i love.  josephine and Jenn are amazing bartenders who will give u a great experience at a usually nice bar.  this douche however will ruin your night. hassled me over having to feed a meter even though i left my ID and credit card.  told him i wouldnt screw him over when i was back and that my wife worked there FOR FOUR YEARS and was told "i dont give a f*ck who u r."  thanks i know ur daddy is the owner so u think you're invincible but other strangers may not ever come back! dont ruin your coworkers bank accounts or the nights of other people who could easily go across the st to another irish bar called IRISH PUB.  IDIOT!!  YOUR DADDY NEEDS OUR MONEY TO FEED YOUR WALLET. treat us w/respect.  manager was a gentleman who offered me gift card bc this guy is such a tool but i refused; i'll be back BUT NOT WHEN ROB IS WORKING.  be warned, u can get a drink from many smiling faces why pay for this prick to serve you a drink and a horrible experienceEnjoyed a quick weekday lunch with a coworker.  Service was quick, friendly and prices were reasonable.  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and they asked how I'd like it cooked.  I was impressed that it came out a true medium as I'd requested.  Often this isn't the case, especially with the lunch chef.  The fries were also yummy.  The lettuce on the sandwich was a little old so they could work on quality control there, but not like rotten or anything, totally edible.  Anyway, I really loved the vibe and can't wait to return for happy hour sometime!We went here as a group for a formal and it was a last minute change. We had all you can eat pasta, meatballs, and sausages. The food was pretty ok, and the place had a nice ambience, and lots of space for mingling. I ordered a couple drinks from the bar, but it all tasted just ok. My review is definitely more geared towards my specific experience with a large group, but I will be open to come back for a more personal visit!This past year, I've been to Moriarty's A LOT for both food and drinks.
The best time to go is during happy hour. All draft beers are $3 - and I'm not just talking Coors Lights, PBR, etc. Moriarty's has quite the happy hour selection including Blue Moon, Guinness, Stella, and many more.
The food here is good bar food, but nothing amazing. They have some really solid burgers and chicken wings. The wings are great, but it's literally a wing that have you to break apart so it gets very messy to eat. Also, the smell of the sauce stays on your fingertips the rest of the day... so you've been warned! 
The service can be very, very spotty. I would've given Moriartys' a 4 (and a 5 for HH), but I've had really awful service here. 
This is a great place to go for a few beers and a burger.This place can definitely get packed and feel a little bit cramped in some of the two seater tables during peak weekend hours. That didn't prevent me from receiving good and fast service during each one of my visits though, so don't let the rush deter you! 
I'm another one of those that recommends the wings, and I'm incredibly picky with them. Way better value than anywhere else I've personally seen in the city and so damn good!Excellent pub in the city. Good beer and food specials. Their wings are to die for! Really good sandwiches! Their veggie wrap might be the greatest thing in existence!Place is too small to even walk around. 
Baked potato soup was blah. I have had better. Taste like something out a can. Would not suggest getting the fresh spinach salad unless your expecting three things... Spinach, mushrooms, and eggs. The others at the table said the wings were tough and not cooked long enough. The burger orders was nothing special and taste bland. 
Location is perfect. Nice if your looking to walk around. 
Service was mediocre.This review is about the BREAD PUDDING and fabulous service!! 
I haven't had much experience with the food, but the atmosphere, location and bread pudding are all divine! This place gets pretty busy even on a random weekday around dinner time. 
I am looking forward to going back and having some drinks and a meal.. definitely want to check out their happy hour.This is a decent Irish pub with okay food and drinks.  The wings are good but didn't blow me away.  Curly fries were decent but my reuben was a bit tough and started falling apart about 1/3 of the way through.  At least the Yuengling made me feel better about my maimed and dying sandwich.  I might consider coming back but only if it's unarguably convenient.Sure, these are good wings, fatty, but that is not why I chose to smutty yelp on Moriarty's.  As a self-professed karaoke idiot, I do proclaim Moriarty's on Saturday nights as the best in the city.  
The DJ is funny and scheming and has a book of songs thicker than anywhere else in the city.  And if you catch this place on a good night, you are liable to come across not one, but SEVERAL drunken bachelorette parties (or other large gatherings of young females).  
Anyhow, the nights can get awesome up there.  The only thing that sucks (besides the tendency for the place to get too crowded) is that the DJ takes a break for the summer months and there is no more karaoke, thus rendering Moriarty's basically useless.My friend really wanted wings and heard this was the place to go. The place did win best wings in Philly back in 2007. The wings were OK. They were full-sized wings and a good value but I don't see any differentiation from the wings you would order at a family restaurant. The size is probably what makes the difference but there is nothing unique about the flavor. The pub itself has a lot of ornate decorations and a great draft list. The Guinness was poured well, which I know should be a given at an Irish pub, but for many places has not been the case. I'd come back here again for drinks and would go somewhere else for food.Had Jordan as a waitress, she was wonderful!! So funny and always on top of things. So sweet! Thanks for the great night Jordan!Went here before going to a show next door at the Forrest Theatre.  Definitely recommend reservations if you are dining before a show time as it gets quite busy.  Pretty good beer selection.  Mostly pub food, not much by way of stuff for a vegetarian.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but wouldn't avoid it.  It is what it is, a pub.I student teach at a high school down the street, showed up for class today and it was locked because I forgot that they were on spring break this week. Thanks to Moriarty's delicious wings and 3 dollar Goose Islands though a blunder turned into a very enjoyable very early happy hour. Decor on the inside is a bit much, but I couldn't care less because the wings are amazing, beer was cheap and no one judged me for reading a book at the bar.There are two things someone can bribe me into going to Philly:
1-Cheesesteaks from Pat's 
2-Wings from Moriarty's. 
I love that they serve the whole wing and especially love how big they are! Roid rage much? I approve.This place never disappoints.  I have never had anything other than the wings and fries though so I cannot give this place five stars not having tried most their menu.  Their wings are as amazing as advertised.  Whole wings in hot sauce for around ten dollars.  Easily the best wings in the city.  I always look forward to visits here.  Great beer selection as well.  Microbrews that change periodically.  I can say enough about these wings, simply the best!!When I lived in Pennsylvania I always ate here. I had to come back so I brought friends with me. We stopped in for the hot wings and beer. They're hot wings are legendary. We have been looking forward to it ever since we left Dallas.
It didn't disappoint. Plan ahead and make reservations. The location is very busy. Park in a parking structure. The Philadelphia parking Authority or a bunch of assholes. You don't need an expensive parking ticket.
The restaurant is friendly and busy. And it's well worth the stop in to get the hot wings.My friends and I always used to come here for the wings!  I think they're some of the best in the city.  Why?  1. They make whole wings ( think of how it would come off the chicken) 2. They spice it right- hot means HOT.  I hate wings that are called "hot" but that are actually tame.  When you get in here, and you see somebody with wings on their table, you just want to steal one off their plate!  The vinegary taste of the sauce makes my mouth water when I think about it.  It's a pretty fun spot to come with some friends, have some beers and wings, and chill out.  It's a good start to an evening of going out.  Sometimes the service is so so, but that's ok, as long as we get our wings!  The other food is just so-so here, so I won't comment on those too much, since that's not what I come here for.So I have only been here once, but I'll give it a review from that impression.  The wings were good, I would not say amazing, but I would order them again.  If you like spicy, do not expect that from these wings, but they do have a nice flavor.  The Spanish curly fries were very good and actually spicier than the wings!
Biggest negative was that I forgot my leftovers on the table and remembered half a block away and turned around.  They had already thrown the wings into the garbage.  If someone forgets their leftovers you should at least set them off to the side for 5 or 10 minutes in case your customer comes back.I can't believe that I am  just getting around to review this place.....
  First, the five stars are for the wings. Yes, these are five star wings. I know good wings and these are good wings. The rest of the menu is good. It's your average pub food. 
 Back to the wings. When you order, order them crispy (trust me).They come whole. So, when they arrive, you get this huge platter of wings, celery, carrots and blue cheese. When the wings come out, all talking at the tables stops. all you hear is the sound of the bare bones being thrown into the bone bowl. ( The bone bowl is the bowl they give you to put empty bones in...duh...)
  Another good thing on the menu are the spanish curly fries. These are sooooo good,. They are curly fries and fried peppers sprinkled with a spicy seasoning. You get alot so plan on sharing.
 They also have a decent beer selection and and nice happy hour prices. Go to Moriarty's. Right now.
.The wings were huge and the sauce was the perfect Buffalo sauce. The Magner's cider was only $3 at happy hour...I can't find much wrong with this place.DO NOT COME HERE TO WATCH A COLLEGE FOOTBALL GAME!!!
Summary: Moriarty's doesn't understand different fan zones for a college football saturday and is run by irrational overly emotional people. Please read below for more info.
I have been to this bar before and always had a decent experience previously. 
I went to watch college football @ 11:45m on Saturday and asked to watch a specific game that started @ 12pm. The hostess told me no problem and sat me in front of 2 TVs. I asked 3 staff if they could put the game on and they all said OK. I waited 30 minutes and they never switched the games and never told me why the couldn't change it. I finally was fed up and walked behind the bar to change it myself ( not appropriate but I love college football). 
The manager had our party thrown out of the bar before we could have lunch. While I understand I shouldn't have gone behind the bar, I am sure most college football fans would understand when after 30 minutes you get no response something has to give.
When I asked them why they didn't change it, she replied, "We aren't a sports bar. We can only have one game on the 2 games on. You should have asked for a manager if you wanted to watch a game."
Obvious lessons for college football fan:
1) Don't sit people at a table in which you can't switch a TV to a game.
2) I shouldn't have to ask for a manager to have a game switched. If you can't switch it, let me know and I will change tables or go to a different bar.
Positives: Wings were great. I will give credit where credit is due.We came here when realizing another Irish bar down the street was just too packed. I give all Irish pubs a try so we decided to give this place a go. The dcor is a bit crazy and fun and when we sat down, we got an extensive list of beers and drinks. I decided to order the potato skins as my meal, and my friend got the Mexican style chicken and my other friend got chicken tenders; we also decided to split mozzarella sticks. Hands down, the best part of the meal was the mozzarella sticks. Otherwise, everything else was just...meh. When my potato skins came out, the cheese was just cheez whiz. I am a fan of cheez whiz but traditional potato skins (that are normally the BEST thing at Irish pubs) shouldn't be made with them. I was really disappointed to say the least. My friends seemed to enjoy their food so I cant say all is bad. However, our  waitress wasn't very attentive but the worst part of this place were the patrons. My friends and I were just sitting there and throughout the meal, I dropped my phone and my friend accidently dropped her fork and knife. The table next to us were pointing, laughing, and asked us if we were "ok". Maybe since you think I'm in a pub, I'm just "wasted" but we were drinking 1-2 ciders throughout the whole meal...hardly alcoholics here. It's not a positive environment when you are made to feel uncomfortable just because we are clumsy. Regardless, mediocre place.The food was excellent. The chips for the chips and salsa side order were very good, although the salsa was probably supermarket quality. I had the corned beef special sandwich (corned beef, cole slaw and russian dressing on rye bread) which was fantastic, although I wish it was a little bigger. My girlfriend had the chicken chimichanga which she thoroughly enjoyed. We were both very satisfied with our time at Moriarty's and would definitely go back. Only complaint is that outside the restaurant they advertised non-smoking sections on 2nd and 3rd floors, but when we got in, we were told that only place we can sit is on the first floor where smoking is allowed.  (Note that this review is out-dated and the smoking comment no longer applies now that smoking has been banned)Packed on a Sunday evening, so reservations a must. Shrimp and chips, blue salad, and shepherd's pie were our choices. Only the shepherd's pie was a bit disappointing, much more mashed potatoes than meat and veggies, in a shallow dish (the photo above). Still reasonable in price overall, though.This place has a nice layout and good ambiance when compared to the other irish pubs in Philly. I ordered the chicken fingers and they were slightly above average, and their beers were well-priced. This is the ultimate neighborhood bar where everyone knows your name. IT is the perfect place to start the night off.Celebrating 100 of anything is a monumental milestone, so I was here celebrating a dear friend of mine and fellow marathoner, who ran her 100th marathon at the 2013 Philadelphia marathon, along with my own marathon finish with her on Sunday, 11/17. This group party was made well in advanced and it was a privilege to attend her party here at Moriarty's Irish Bar & Pub. The party started at about 3pm, but I didn't arrive till about 4:30pm aka fashionably late. We all filled out in the restaurant side of the establishment and the party began. Meeting familiar faces after a long morning doing 26.2 miles on foot was very much gratifying and I was glad to sit down and have a few beers to celebrate the accomplishment of 100 marathons, as well as my friends' who finished the marathon, as well as my own finish. It was just a great feeling to be in this place for sure!
Moriarty's Irish Bar and Pub is located on 1000 Walnut Street, in center city Philadelphia. The pub was already busy with Sunday patrons and who wouldn't want to party with liquor on a Sunday? Here in Philadelphia, its how it should be. The atmosphere and ambiance was a bit loud, but hey it was a pub, so that was expected. Near the back though, it was a bit less noisy, but still, it how it is. The service was kind of slow, but I didn't really notice, as I was enjoying all my marathoner friends' company and enjoying the moment of not having to run another marathon the next day (which I can, but I'm not) :)
Pub food is always a comfort for me, so Moriarty's did not disappoint. Good company and the food was delicious. It was a perfect way to spend Sunday afternoon. While a more quiet gathering would have been more perfect, just being with friends and celebrating the marathon victory was great in itself. Thanks Moriarty's Irish Pub for hosting us. While I myself have a couple of years ahead of me to knock off more marathons to reach 100, I feel that my own personal milestone will be just as amazing and memorable at the same time. Hope to return to Philadelphia for my 100th race and maybe party it up here again at Moriarty's as well.
The experience was definitely memorable and hope to be back. The service was decent. While the food were quite good and I sampled a few things off friends' plates, I thought that that the brews seem to be better. While I would recommend Moriarty's Irish Pub to those looking for a great time, check into the other watering holes around center city Philadelphia and do a pub crawl if need be. But come on down to Moriarty's for fun and liquor anytime yah want to. It's pretty sweet and I think you'll enjoy yourself.
Support local!
B+This place is my kind of place except the TVs could be updated upstairs. I think it is family run. The people who greeted us at the door were super nice and rushed to get us seats for the Eagles playoff game (tears). We sat upstairs but moved to the tall tables next to the bar because the tables were placed weirdly so you couldn't see the TVs well. The wings are ridiculously good. A bit crispy but not crunchy, great sauce, big portion...they don't divide up the wings into tiny ones - they keep it as the full size wing, which I prefer...though hardly any other establishment I've been to does this. Haven't had the other food, but I would probably just get wings every time. 
If you want a chill place with a big beer list + good wings, come here. The crowd is mixed - not all young, not all on the older side...just people who want a place to hang out without the frills. They also have Chimay, which is my favorite beer. 
ALSO! Happy Hour Monday - Friday 5 - 7pm with 20 oz pints $3 and 30 drafts to choose from. They have karaoke on saturdays at 9pm. A bit rando.We were seated and the waitress brought us water. Then we waited for 25 minutes before I was fed up with the place. So we stood up to leave and then the manager said something like "Sorry were busy because of Outfest have a seat and I'll take your order." He wasn't overly apologetic about it. Also the place was not overly busy at all. there were a couple of empty tables in the front and no wait to be seated. Anyway I expected a free drink or a discount to the check but none was offered.Just... no. We were given one draft list for a group of more than 10 people, we had to beg to get water refilled (and even then, only a few people who asked actually got it), and, when they ran out of one of the beers we had ordered, they didn't say anything to us until we asked where the rest of our drinks were. Absolute. Crap.I love this place mmmmm well I love the food and the waitress PAM! she is the best waitress ever!!!! I bring all my friends here from out of town and I go with my work buddies. Go in and ask for Pam.I've loved this place for a long time, on account of its great wings and first-rate beer selection. But it was my Irish roommate's seal of approval that bumped it from four to five stars. Ha!Great place for a drink, wings or a burger. Service was nice. The waitress was very attentive. This place is always packed.The wings are creepy looking and not that amazing, contrary to popular opinion. The service was pretty friendly. The nachos were decent.  I'd go back for the drink specials.Must get wings if you go here! They're the best in Philly. It's tight quarters but always a fun time.Stopped by tonight..(Tues)-again, after two great meals, in the last two weeks.  I figure, "Why let a good thing go?"    First time, had a 'burger.  I'm a 'burger aficianado---I know a good cut of meat when I taste it (I eat em with NO cheese)-
The burger was delectable !   Juicy, tasty with perfect texture.The bun was fresh, as was the tomatoe & pickles - The fries were firm & tasty.    I would rank their hamburger with one of the top three I have ever tasted-juicy, tender & tasty-If you like burgers...ya gotta try it.
And...tried (for a change)- a dessert-  an absolutely dreamy choclate cake with a mousse filling...& for chocolate lovers--this will have you in "chocolate Heaven-!
My second visit was last week, with a tasty "Shepards Pie"-Nice ground beef, mashed & veggies--& it was not too "salty"...as I've found in other city Pub establishments-
Tonight I had a New York Strip steak- cooked perfectly "medium"-so tender, it melted in my mouth-!  The mashed potatoes, good & a nice salad-!
The ambience of this place is great-  Lots of TVs...with all sports..   High class clientele- not too noisy, and if you;re a beer lover (which I am not)-they seemingly have a huge variety..of draugh beers--!
And, friendly employees.  All my waitresses have been fine, but, I had a really nice one, last two visits--Laura.    She's always smiling, gets my order just right (This is not the case in other places--I do not take this for granted)--& she checks in often to make sure everything is OK--!  Manager "Pat"...is always greeting patrons with a smile-makes you feel like you;re coming in to a family gathering.
Great food---great people--great place--!    This place is a "must" for lunch...dinner, after theater---!  Trust me..I complain...a lot--!  NO complaints here-!The best wings in the world!!! I am drooling even just writing about their wings. 
As to seatings, 2nd floor is less noisier than the first floor. 1st floor has more of a historical characteristic of this pub but could be a little bit loud sometimes. Both floors are nice. Choose one depending on your mood.I don't know about much else there but I am in love with their buffalo wings. They are consistently good...They serve the whole wing, it's about $10 for about 10 wings...Great portion served with blue cheese, celery and carrots on the side.  The buffalo sauce is so tasty, they got it just right!  Also got a side of fries, and they were freshy and cripsy. 
They have a pretty decent draft selection, and I liked that they had offered a taster for everything on their draft menu.  I tried their cider which i liked, and it was the perfect little portion for someone who doesn't really drink! 
Good food, music, and atmosphere!Awesome place to stop by after work to grab a beer and some food. The beer list is pretty great, and the interior is gigantic, but very cozy. The food is also pretty good, the wings are out of control. 
I would come back here any time.Went here for beers and wings. The wings are huge and the sauce has some kick! It went well with my IPA.
Worth trying and repeating. 
The atmosphere is dead and waitress was not that attentive. At least she didn't push us buy more rounds.I was in the mood for "pub grub", so I headed on over.  The place was small & had lots of people on a Saturday (11/29) afternoon.  The food was good, & I can see myself coming back even when not in a pinch for food between tournament rounds.  I can't speak to the alcohol tasting or prices, but they have a double-sided alcoholic menu with different drinks from different places that they actually listed, so anyone interested in that aspect may want to check out this menu.  Service speed was spotty, but I suppose with every seat to the naked eye taken, it was somewhat expected.I like Moriartys because of the wings, chicken quesadillas, entree salads and negro modelas.  And the fact that the kitchen stays open till 1am and I can walk out my door at 12:55, be at Moriarty's in 1 min and get served.
  I'm writing this review to give a shout out to the `Whiskey Salmon'  It's one of the most expensive items on their menu but I was just too curious one happy hour evening and ordered it.  Stunning.  Unbelievably deliciously nuanced,  With a prep this tasty, I felt the rest of my plate was underprepared.  I got a plain steamed Idaho, it should have been a whipped and truffled Yukon Jack.  My sauteed squash was sliced too thin and should haver been paired with roasted beets.  Anyhow, give it a try and dont have the Golden Monkey with it, not a good matchMeager pub food, but it was friendly and fun. I noticed a lot of wings coming out of the kitchen and wondered why i wanted a salad today. hmmm, well touting a plentiful beer seletion, plenty of sports and a warm atmosphere i can see with this place is always busy. Its probably one of the better irish pub choices in the area.Best wings I've had in Philly.  Decent bar, gets over crowded at times.  Nice outside seating, reasonable staff.The first restaurant I went to when I came to Philadelphia, and probably some of the best wings I've ever had!  
I've gone back since, and tried their other food, but the wings are where it's at!  You can't go to Moriarty's without getting wings!
On the downside, everytime i've gone, theres been a problem with our server.  They are busy, so it's hard to blame them, but i've gotten extra charges on my card, servers that aren't attentive, and wrong orders.  However, they are quick to fix things (even the double charge to my card, I called the next day and they took care of it without even having to go in).  The service isn't terrible, the servers are nice and friendly, they just seem over worked and you can tell late at night which ones are busy.
A must for locals and tourists alike!Really great place to dine and drink. Went there with family, great service and menu selection. We sat in way back which was much quieter. Place has lots of character. Impressive beer selection. Highly rec.This is a pretty cool pub. It's polished looking and has a good crowd.
The line-up of beers on tap is great. I was in heaven with some Dogfish 90. The service was quick and the staff was very nice.
It was dimly lit, which I kind of like, especially after one too many beers.You ABSOLUTELY CAN NOT leave this place without getting an order of their BUFFALO WINGS! By far some of the best sauce I've ever had, perfect crunch, no batter, and GIANT wings! Bring a friend to share some with. While you are at it, just give yourself a full whole in your stomach and get some Spanish fries, they are seasoned curly fries that come with a hot pepper. Your intestines will thank me later.
Mostly if we are not here for wings, we are here for drinks. The place really transports you to become a beer drinker and for us Northerners, I appreciate the NYC paraphernalia sprinkled on the walls here and there.  The servers are really nice and always helpful in making a decision off of their massive beer list.
This is a great place to catch up with a group of friends, happy hour or grab drinks in the midst of a serious bachelorette party bar crawl. #justsaying There's also decent street parking in the area.Wanted so bad to like this place.  Went in and we were seated upstairs next top a flashing disco light and by several empty two top tables.  My wife and I attempted to move to a table and were told that all the other tables were 'reserved'.  What bar has that many reservations at 9pm?  In short, find another place to eat, the service here does not care about you or your money.My mom and I heard about this place and their burgers so we decided to check it out! 
The burger was alright. I thought it was really good but they messed up our check and our waitress didn't really seem concerned. She was like, "well yeahhh you're right but i'd have to call up to the manager and I don't know how long that would take.. he's upstairs and all....." so we overpaid. 
The fries were my favorite part and I really recommend them. They also had the Alabama game playing but only on one tv while the other 3/4 had the same game on. I'd like to have seen it evened up a bit because my mom couldn't see.Wow, I'm in shock. I am an events planner (I plan over 150 events a year), and I wanted to book an event at Moriatry's for 100 people in their upstairs space. I called and was transferred to Richard Konstantine. He was very brisk and unaccommodating throughout the phone call, and when I finished telling him the details of the event he said "no, we'll pass" and hung up on me. 
I've talked to dozens of bar managers in the city and this is the only time that has ever happened to me. I never liked the place, but now I will never go back. If you're planning a party, I would not recommend trying to plan it here!The service was excellent and the food was decent.  I would have actually recommended it to my other colleagues that are in town for lunch or dinner.  I would have until I realized my Black self and my Black colleague were placed in a booth with a prominent picture of a confederate general.  Just a few things to note: we live in the north and fought on the side of the union, the confederates were traitors, and they wanted my ancestors to be in bondage or annihilated.  As long as your establishment has pics of confederate generals up as part of your decor I will no longer patronize your establishment.  And I will make sure none of my colleagues, friends, or fraternity bros enter your restaurant.  Thank you for insulting me as a Black Man and an American.Sat for almost 20 minutes and no one waited on us for even drink orders. Not crowded at all and a waitress looked at us multiple times. Could not have cared less about serving us. Too bad- used to be a really good place. I'd steer clear at all costs now.Finding wings that are on par with upstate NY wings in Philly can be hard but Moriarty's gots it. Big wings, nice and crispy on he outside and tender on the inside. The server made it seem like the wings (which are whole, not just the drum stick and wing  pieces) are delivered fresh and not frozen. Sauce is good but not hot enough for me but that doesn't mean the wings are bad at all. Definitely go here for wings in the city.I was super excited about trying their wings for some time because of everyone raving about them. Very disappointed. They were extra salty and came out room temperature. They were huge and moist, but the sauce wasn't anything too special. I didn't really notice anything special about the sauce or anything. I'm a hot/spicy fan and they lacked in both. Super bust! My counterpart ordered the fish & chips, and the batter was nice and crisp. On the bar side, I have nothing to complain about. Drinks were well poured and draft list was extensive. The ambiance was typical of any pub. I went on a Friday which resulted in the usual rowdy happy hour goers and coworker bonding time.  We had no problem getting a table at 7pm. And we were in and out in a little over an hour. Prompt service & good drinks. Overall, I think the wings are a little overrated.I have been here roughly 4 times... all times, for different occasions, cravings, times of day.. never a bad experience. 
Fish and chips- really good!
Spinach artichoke dip- so good I wanted a second round!
drink selection- always good of course!
atmosphere- loud but its a bar, what do you expect? but its not so loud that u cant have a conversation from across the table.
my only complaint was that i was sat downstairs once and the tables were so crammed and close to the people next to us, if i wasnt careful i could have knocked over their salt and pepper.
*another random note that just made me uncomfortable: the hostess walked back to one of the managers (who was so close to our table i heard the conversation) and says "theres a girl hear who wants a job, shes actually pretty, want me to give her an application?" he said yes... im paraphrasing of course. if this is how you hire people, talk about it where other people dont hear you, because thats just rude.I've gone here a bunch of times over the years, and it's always been a consistently good experience...I thought I'd finally write up a quick review.  To start, Moriarty's is in a really interesting old building, which apparently dates back to 1830.  Despite the age, they keep it in nice shape, and it's a pretty festive place all year long.  I'd love if they could maybe give tours once in a while.  As for the food menu, you really can't ask for more.  It's based on your typical Irish pub fare, but it goes pretty far beyond that as well.  Lots of options, and from what I remember, everything I've ever had here has been really good.  The beer selection is just about perfect.  It's big and diverse, but not overwhelming to the point where you can't even make up your mind, or where they'd have trouble keeping something in stock.  It's just right.   Lastly, the people who work here have always been great.  They're very friendly in a genuine way, and are always around if you need something. It's easy to see why this place does well, it's a joy to visit.Best wings I've ever had. The staff was super friendly as were the other customers there! My sister and I came here after seeing The Wizard of Oz at The Walnut Street Theatre. The bar was a blast and everything came out quickly!!!I travel a lot in my business. I have to admit I have a slight addiction for wings and beer while on the road. (my wife makes me eat kale while I'm at home ).  Combine that with a friendly atmosphere and the great bartenders, and you have a business traveler's dream bar.  Hands-down, some of the best wings you will find on your travels!Happy Hour drinks were cheap and tasty.  3$ imperial pints (20oz).  Food was a step or two up from bar food.  We sat outside and had a wonderful evening.  My burger was good and they even swapped fries for a side salad (as I'm trying to watch my girlish figure while drinking a beer and eating a burger)  A friend of mine enjoyed his fries and beer and my fiancee loved her open faced Ruben.  We will return in spite of our nice waitress that didn't give us silverware or napkins until the end of the meal. (We all have had one of those days)Great food, consistently good, menu is diverse and the bartenders are amazing.  Harry is a huge asset to this establishment.  I'm a local and a regular.Very pleasantly surprised by this little Irish pub .
My wife and I walked by and decided to stop in .
Food is tasty and lots of beers to choose from .
Staff was pleasant and friendly.
Atmosphere is clean and typical pub style .
Worth popping in for sure !good bar food ! menu was simple which is a good thing these days with all the over the top restaurants in philly. the place is kind of tight which makes for people sitting on top of each other. but if you can grab an outside table you're good to go !Came here yesterday with a group of 12 girls not realizing how tight the space is. We wanted to pay as we go at the bar so we found the most open spot we could... While we were in the way, most of the staff was fairly polite and our bartender was awesome ! We didn't have the food but we saw, and smelled, the wings and they seemed amazing. ... I'll definitely come backDo not come here. They will lose your credit card, and they barely make an effort to find it.It was a nice blessing that this place was open on Memorial Day. Wanted to go somewhere to watch the Phillies game. Place was empty, which is what I figured. 
Bartender was friendly, and said she remembered us. I honestly don't remember her, but, she did a great job of making us feel welcome. 
Had Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and the soon-to-be-missus had Sam Adams Summer Ale. Ordered wings. Damn, these are good wings. They give you the entire wing, which makes it look like you ordered pterodactyl wings. Wing was cooked very well. Sauce was spicy, but didn't linger like some other sauces do. 
The missus switched to Bombay Sapphire and Tonic. The bartender told us stories of Phillies coming into the place for food and drinks. 
It was a fun time. Too bad the Phillies lost. Overall, everything was good. We've been there for other food other times, and it was good. Usually crowded, but it was a nice change of pace. 
Definitely a good place to go for some grub and beers, and watch some sports.I think maybe my expectations were too high going in.  The food was just eh.   The service was pretty slow with the exception of the bartenders.  They make pretty good Irish coffees.  Our server was chewing on a toothpick while she was serving us.  Weird.This place has gone supremely downhill over the past few years. Just because you win the award for best wings in Philly doesn't mean you can start treating all your guests like trash and make everything else on your menu taste like cardboard.
I've come here so many times I can't even count, but my last venture here is officially my last. I had a friend from Boston visit me and I brought her here so she could try the "best wings in Philly" over some drinks. They also rave about their extensive drink menu, but the THREE drinks my friend wanted to try were ALL OUT, with no apology. Instead, our server rolled her eyes at my friend for burdening her by requesting something on the menu that doesn't appear to actually exist in their pub. Also, when we asked the hostess if we could move because our table was so rocky our drinks were spilling, she simply said...nope.
We were originally planning on staying for some more drinks, but being around so much negativity just brought down our mood so much we ended up going across the street to Irish Pub to lift our spirits. 
If you want the wings here (I would suggest nothing else... maybe the curly fries) I would recommend only ordering takeout to avoid the servers.The table was wobbly and the service was slow...also, I will never understand why some people expect to be tipped 20-25% when they have no lemonade at a full bar.I've been here a couple of times.  The wings and burgers are really good.  The rest of the menu, not so much.The Good:
Decent food--fantastic burgers
Kitchen Open Late
The Bad:
Tables are too close together
My ratio of crappy servers to good is far too high
The Ugly:
Your momma.
I like going here but honestly I prefer Fado if I'm bored with nothing to do.Giving a two-star rating because I went out to eat with my cousin and, although the food was good, the service was mediocre. 
I had the fish and shrimp and chips meal which was good and filling. She had a burrito filled with beans, served with rice and refried beans on the side. She enjoyed her plate. We both shared their Spinach dip as an appetizer, it was served with pita, which tasted good.
The server looked like her life was a streamline of perpetual shit. She didn't smile, introduce herself, I had to ask her for her name. The host wasn't as terrible,but she didn't seem too happy to be there either.
The overall reason I gave this place a two, was because my cousin got food poisoning. She was sick for two days and it pretty much ruined our little stay in Philly.
Aside from the bad experience, we went on a Saturday evening, and the place was popping. The decor is super comfortable and homey-like.Great service, perfect location and the food is incredible! I got the famous Wings and the potato soup and it's was probably the best wings I've had. You have to stop by if you come to Philadelphia.we've only gon for the classic wings & spanish fries.
hands down the best wangs in the city! the wings are not your typical drum or wing, but it's the FULL chicken wing! the buffalo flavor is consistent with every wing and they're fried to perfection. make sure to ask for ranch instead of bleu cheese, you'll thank me later! always paired with spanish curly fries with cheese on top! #NOM
ps. sheps pie is okay, did not hate it.Food is mediocre at best and service is fair. Beer menu is fantastic and extensive. A place to meet friends after a game for a beer.  If you're after food other than fries skip this restaurant!  I never mind paying for a meal but four out of four meals were entirely forgettable and the appetizer as well!! #enoughsaidbest. wings. ever!
good specials and friendly staff too! one of my favorite watering holes. ill see you there in a few hours.This place has excellent burgers and fries but is noisy beyond belief. The servers are pretty efficient for a crowded place. If you go upstairs in the karaoke lounge, you will not have to compete in the genetics department.fun place to hang out! Been here multiple times, never disappointed! Super friendly wait staff and GREAT BIG WINGS. The blue cheese is kickin! Try it out!$8 gets you a plastic 16 oz cup. F*ck this garbage place.
The service is also super rude. Honestly the nearly empty bar on a Saturday night should have clued us in that this place was a mistake.I live in Conshohocken but came to the city to meet my friend for wings! We saw the awesome ratings from Thrillest and decided to come here. I arrived before my friend and ordered Spanish fries, they were delicious! I was pleasantly surprised how much meat came with the wing appetizer, 2 lbs! Don't ever order a cocktail there though. The bartender was a total amateur and put CLUB SODA in my LEMON DROP martini! I've never seen a recipe for a lemon drop that includes any kind of soda. Yuck.Best wings in Philly.  Beef burrito pretty good too.  Rest of food okay but not phenomenal.  Large selection of beer and good bartenders - especially Jen.  Very crowded for games, happy hour and before shows at the Forrest Theatre but great place to hang at the bar on a Saturday afternoon (except during March madness).   You can hang at the bar alone with a book and not feel self conscious but also good for a group of friends.We paid them a visit after drinking some craft brews at the South Street block party. It was crowded inside so we opted to sit outside, plus it was a nice night. I ordered wings which were pretty damn legit. By this time, I was already several drinks in and only ordered one beer (the name escapes me now, but it was good). Our waitress was great and regularly checked up on us. Not a bad place if you are in the neighborhood.Wings are above average (it's why I am here), cool vibe, good beer list, but consistently slow service for as long as I can remember. Sometimes even poor service. I should note that it doesn't matter if they are busy or not. I have been here at least two dozen times and it's always the same.I had a blue cheesburger with fries there and it was very good. The fries were perfect, not soggy.
It is a pub, but the food was very good.
It has a huge selection of beer.
RecommendedDecided to swing by here for some late night grub and to catch the 4th Q of a very one sided football game. Still a lively crowd and plenty of seats for food. Ordered a "Locust St." burger which came with cheese and bacon + fries while the fiance ordered some wings. 
Damn, those wings were huge! For some reason  we were expecting tiny buffalo wings. Anyway, the food was pretty good, nothing too exceptional, but when it's midnight and you're craving something other than Wendy's or pizza...this place should hit the spot. 
The price is about right...I've had more expensive burgers at other places. I really like the place...I think I'll cram in for the next football game or something. Service was on the slower side, especially for a somewhat slow night, but our server was very friendly.Irish pub in downtown Philly. Went there because we had a crowd and the kitchen stayed open late. Service was prompt and friendly even though the place was crowded. They're proud of their wings, so that's what I ordered. I've never gotten the pterodactyl wings before. Quite the experience. I probably didn't do them justice. Tasty, but I like my wings chopped up. Good drink selection.Great pub for food and drinks. It was packed on a Friday night, but it only took us a few minutes to get seated at a cozy, little booth. I was a big fan of the decor and atmosphere. There are unobtrusive tvs that you can use to watch the 76ers get wrecked.
The chipotle chicken sandwich was very tasty, but I regret not getting the wings that everyone's raving about. It came with potato chips, which I'm pretty sure were Ruffles. 
There were lots of good beers on tap and bottled This was also the first place I've been to that's had a featured menu section for the scotches. I would've tried some, but the $3 Yuenglings called out to me.
I'd definitely come back here if I'm looking for quality food/drinks accompanied by great service.Stopped in twice during a recent work trip to Philadelphia.   First visit was just drinks,  second was for dinner.   Nice atmosphere.   Good waitstaff.   Yummy food.   I had the Reuben when I ate.   Served open face and I loved it.   Both times I was in I was commenting about how good the wings smelled,  but I didn't try them.Came in here just for the wings. Place was crowed at the bar but there were several tables open during the early evening. Service was spot on. The waitress were friendly and attentive. The place itself is small and dark, but the decor has its own personality with all the mugs and beer references. Now on to the wings. They were huge with 4 pieces at a order. Each piece includes a wings, drum, and the tip. So about 18 wings for $9.99. Great price for such large wings so make sure to share. The fries were good too. Also this is a beer heaven for anyone into beer. I highly recommend coming here for wings, pub food, and beer. You leave happy and full.After walking and exploring the city, we decided that we needed a break.  What better place to take a break, than a place with a window overlooking the street and with a bar!  
The decor was really cool.  It was dimly lit with ornate lighting over a large bar.  The prices aren't cheap  However, they have a good happy hour.  Pints are only $3, and some of the beers were top notch.  Unfortunately, we were there too early.  They have a weekly beer that is always $3, so I had one of those.  
They have food, but we were just there for drinks.  I'd recommend this place for a beer with a good view, and definitely for happy hour.The openface Ruben was OK at best. My wife had the French dip and it was not very good it was covered in cheese wiz. My daughter had a cheeseburger and thought it was really good and like the french fries. I would for the broccoli instead of fries but it was frozen broccoli out of the bag. We got there for happy hour between five and seven that was a good thing. Your prices during happy hour very good heart and Smithwick for four dollars a pint  we also have the potato skins which was pretty lousy. Wonderful place for beer I'm not sure I would eat there!  And the service was very poor.This is a real chill place. If I lived in philly, I'd become a regular. 
Beer list is good, and the wings are where it's at. I thought the wing sauce was going to be too hot as it stung my nose when it was set on the table, but nope it was perfect.  Veggie wrap was sub par way too much spinach! Atmosphere is classic pub, worn, almost dirty but, in a good way.
The service was friendly but not good. It was what I would expect from a pub. For starers, the hostess practically yelled at me that I couldn't sit at a specific table (she was really yelling at the person seating us but come on. If a patron asks to sit at an open table the waiters who's turn it is shouldn't be the over riding factor ). Our waitress also messed up our order, brought two plates of wings instead of three, a side of rice instead of fries and was busy elsewhere when I needed a drink :p But, I'd go back next week.