I won't take up everyone's time with yet another lengthy review. We were here for my birthday. We got the $80 omakase. We're still talking about the meal (particularly the scallop!) two weeks later. I think that about sums it up.OK, well, let me start out by saying that I don't really eat a lot of seafood, so I got the  Wagy steak with fried egg, shaved truffles, and fries fried in duck fat with a truffle sauce, and it was VERY good. However, not sure if it was $60 good for 6 oz. I'm pretty sure that you can get a much larger portion of great steak elsewhere for less than that (like Barklay prime). That being said, the decor was beautiful, and love the second floor bar and how that just melds into the decor and design of the restaurant.
Also, I went with a bunch of people who DID eat seafood, and said that the sushi was AMAZING and definitely worth it. One person in our party also got the tasting menu with the drink tasting menu with it, and it looked like fun if you're a seafood lover. 
The service was great and the ambiance was amazing, and I would say definitely worth it for seafood lovers.Morimoto definitely live up to the hype!  
We went here in 2003 and we recently went back.
Omakase is definitely special when chef Morimoto is in the house! 
Food is very decadent.  Three words, Oyster Foie Gras Uni.  Opps! I meant four.  You get the idea!Came here for hubby's birthday because he has an Iron Chef crush on Morimoto, even though chances were admittedly slim that there'd be a sighting.
Eating here is not just about the food, it's about the experience. Every dish was delicious and beautiful, and the atmosphere pulls it all together. My one big complaint about the decor is the big glowing phalice in the middle of the table... made arranging dishes on the table precarious and the celebratory birthday photo of us at the table took an unintended turn for the risque ;)
The tuna pizza was so good; I'm not usually big on the raw fish and almost stole some of hubby's slices after finishing my own. My curiosity to see tofu made table-side made me order the yosedofu; it was cool, very silky, not the most flavorful but good. He got the chef's selection sushi platter which was so much food. I got the ishi yaki buri bop; came in a beautiful presentation that involved more table-side prep, was ridiculously delicious, and still yummy the next day when I finished off the leftovers. 
The black sesame moussecake was again ordered partly out of curiosity, and was very good. They even had a candle on the plate for hubs to blow out =)
All in all an awesome meal. Portions were pretty huge, everything was tasty, and our server was attentive and helpful.Second time to morimoto and even better than the first. Our server, Joe, was super personable and went out of his way to make our night a good one. He explained the menu thoroughly and was so polite and happy to serve us. The carpaccio and the 90 combo was perfect for 3. morimoto doesn't disappoint, ASK FOR JOE!Sexy interior. Best sushi I ever had. The other plated dishes were all delicious. Morimoto does a great job of mixing unique ingredients and making it work for a perfect meal. This restaurant is worth every single penny!!!Great food, Omakaze menu is a must, so is the tofu made at the table. The drinks are good if you order from the menu. Ordered an old fashioned which was not on the menu and it was sub-par for $20.Amazing service. Amazing food (even though the Kobe beef was a tad bit too salty for my liking). Even more amazing ambience.
Coming here, I would recommend getting either their sushi platters as an entree or one of their regular entrees such as steak. When I went, I was under the impression that sushi would not be able to fill you up but boy, was I wrong. Definitely one or the other or sharing entrees is the way to fo.
Try the sashimi for sure and no matter how full you are, you should definitely still try the dessert, especially the chocolate pot!I have never had a bad experience here. The waitstaff are well versed on the menu and incredibly professional. They always give recommendations both on their personal favorites but favorites among the customers. In particular, Alice is great - she previously worked at another restaurant my grandparents frequented and has brought over the great and bubbly attitude over to this establishment. 
The food is phenomenal - some of our favorites include the baby calamari salad, shishito peppers, hamachi, carpaccio, the toban yaki, sushi, etc. Everything is so tasty and good proportions. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to have a nicer, Japanese meal!Best and one of the most expensive sushi restaurants in Philly. They aren't just limited to sushi and I've had other menu items that were great but the sushi is the gem here. The fish is fresh, very simple rolls, and my favorite thing - there wasabi in the rolls. The drinks are fantastic. I once had this Acai berry cocktail that blew me away. The presentation of the drinks are food are beautiful. The restaurant is hard to find. There isn't a clear cut sign outside that says morimoto, the front is white and plan with a glass door. To the left of the door it says morimoto but it's so hard to read. The first time we walked by it 2-3 times before finally seeing it. The interior is beautiful and HUGE. It's so modern and very nice lighting, a little dark but it goes with the posh theme they're going for.Wonderful experience!  I had the omakase and everything was delicious, especially the wagyu beef.  Still thinking about it.  Service was awesome and the decor was beautiful.Nice sleek modern Asian restaurant. Make sure to make a reservation or you will be waiting a while. Service here is subpar we were waiting a while to be greeted and for our drinks. Nevertheless the food was amazing.  The dumplings were by far my favorite it's a shame they only give you four bc u would have a whole meal of just dumplings. We also got sushi which was fresh and filling.Best part: customer service
Sad, depressing part: the food
I ordered the Omakase and was super excited (like a litle schoolgirl-excited). It was a letdown. Place is over-hyped, and the prices are sky-high for a subpar sushi experience. I think some super market sushi is better. I went to Union Trust the night before and should have gone there instead. Sorry Iron Chef...you were not the winner that night.Joe was amazing. The food and drinks were great. It was my first time here and I will deff be back.Great vibe less of a wait than some of the other locations. The menu is very straight forward. All of the food was excellent. Very well prepared appetizers. I love when a good meal is started off right. The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly! Can't wait to come back.The original... and worth every penny. Listen folks, the raw fish doesn't get much better than this.   Not to mention, the rest of the menu is superb. Omakase is top notch.The Mister, myself, and some friends finally had the Morimoto experience. We are HUGE sushi fans and even though I was full of rum and Jamaican Jerk Hut food from lunch (seriously I inhale food when I come to Philly--must be something in the water), we decided to hit up Morimoto for drinks and sushi. On a Saturday night, it was packed but not obscenely so and the restaurant is very chic (wait, do people even use that word anymore? Oh well...)
We didn't have reservations (I'm a fly by the seat of my pants type of girl) so we enjoyed drinks at the upstairs lounge while we waited for a table. Cocktails are yummy and strong. For the life of me I can't remember what I drank. We were seated at a spacious booth and enjoyed some people watching. 
The menfolk went all out on the Chef's Special sushi for one hundred or one hundred and fifty (I can't remember but it was a ridic amount of the freshest and most scrumptious sushi I have had in a while). My friend enjoyed the Ramen soup and I got down on the portabella mushrooms (in a butter sauce) and wasabi fried ricea and some rock shrimp that wasn't even better than PF Chang's version (booooo!!!). Whilst eating myself into a food coma, I drank a carafe of sake (which was reasonably priced and smooth) and I was quite satisfied with the meal, the ambience, and the entire experience. Would I come back? Heck yes even if it cost a car payment to eat here!Great place to have some delicious sushi. Not too crowded and food was extremely fresh. Our waitress was amazing. Very well overall.The food and service was of high quality and the atmosphere was very modern.  
I ordered the miso soup with tofu, ishi yaki bop with kobe beef and the chocolate custard.  I liked how the miso soup (w/tofu) had a lot of big pieces of tofu instead of a few tiny cubes.  The ishi yaki bop was very flavorful and a surprisingly good-sized portion.  The chocolate custard dessert (i forgot what it was called), was absolutely delicious and a large portion as well.  It was a bowl of thick, rich chocolate custard, topped with this sweet milky cream and a caramelized banana.  It was really good, although I could not finish it because I was so full!
Morimoto's is definitely on the pricey, but I think if you're in the area, it's something you should try at least once.Hands down, the best Japanese fare I've ever had.  I live on the west coast where sushi and seafood are as fresh and abundant as you can find, but still, nothing compares to Morimoto.
My mother and I treated ourselves to a meal of a lifetime (cliche, I know, but true) by ordering the omakase.  Every single dish was incredible!  Fantastic flavours, fresh product, outstanding presentation, and the excellent service didn't hurt either.  I went back again with some friends and tried a large variety of dishes including the miso black cod, steamed scallops, surf and turf, and various sashimi/sushi pieces.  Wasn't on the same level as the omakase meal but delicious all the same.
Highly highly recommended.This was amazing! I have wanted to visit his restaurant for years! We came here to celebrate our honeymoon and they did not disappoint. We were greeted with complimentary glasses of champagne and all of the staff congratulated us on our wedding.
We ordered the classic chef tasting menu and every part was delicious! All of the fish was fresh and melted in your mouth. We left feeling full and satisfied. I would definitely recommend coming here.This place tears me in half. Their food is mostly immaculate, but the service my friends and myself were given was unforgivable. One of the few regrets I had was leaving a tip for the waitress. The hostess was also cold and unwelcoming. We arrived ten minutes early to our reservation and were told to go for a walk and come back. The restaurant was empty. We could have easily been seated and given drinks. The waitress snydely asked if we would have anything BESIDES water. Japanese cuisine is delicate. You Dont want a strongly flavored beverage to mask it. We all did the Omakase and I suggest you do too. Unfortunately the chef was testing a new dish and wanted opinions. My friends shared to me that we all didn't enjoy the dish but when asked, they all told the waitress the dish was perfect. It was improperly prepared and the scallop had bits of shell in it and I told her. Overall, our meal came to a few hundred dollars and we had each had 8 courses. We left hungry. And promptly went to burger king to satisfy our remaining hunger. The food usually tasted amazing. This place used to be better. Send a message by skipping this place unless you really know why Morimoto Seafood is worth it.Out on the town with wife and 10 year old daughter. The service was outstanding and the food was even better. They treated my daughter like a princess!!  We all shared the Edamame, then she had the house green salad and the Morimoto Ramen Soup. Two thumbs up for both from a picky eater!  My wife had the duck which was amazing, and I had the seared tuna salad, out of this world!!  My wife and I shared the Chef Special Sushi platter. Superb!!!  We'd go back in a heartbeat.  Side note - it's easy to walk right by the place, keep your eyes open.Sushi is very good drinks are good but stop there. I was excited to eat dinner here after having tried their sushi and drinks on a previous visit, however I should have just stopped at the sushi. I ordered the duck which came out cold, when it came back out it was too salty, unpalatable. It was a shame and maybe they were just having an off night , but I'll stick to the lounge for sushi and drinks only.The fiancé and I celebrating 4 years of being together with the omakase at Morimoto. The regular omakase is $100pp and the seasonal is $150pp. We weren't feeling adventurous so we went for the regular and although we left full, all of the dishes didn't "wow" me. As other reviewers have mentioned, the fish really does "melt in your mouth". My favorite dish was the yellowtail tartare (I love anything yellowtail though!) They have a great selection of sake, cocktails, and a handful of Asian beers.
Service was great throughout our meal -- everybody was friendly to us and we didn't have any issues with that. The ambiance is intimate and swanky. The bathroom is downstairs and there is a bar upstairs that you can hang out at while you wait for your table.
If we were to dine here again, we'd go for the a la carte option, but it was a good experience for us to try.Pros: (high grade sushi, lobster, carpaccio, i mean... it's Morimoto). You can't go wrong when you let an Iron Chef decide what you're having for dinner. The sushi is easily top 5 in grade ("A" personal grade) in Philly, and the sauce for the carpaccio is outstanding. But the best dish may be Morimoto's Lobster 'epice'. The blend of spices for the roasted lobster is heavenly and is a must have. 
Cons: (Expensive if you weren't expecting it. Decor and lighting is not the most conducive for picture taking). It should be easy to tell that we're nit picking at perfection. It is quite hard to not walk out satisfied. 
Recommendations: Sushi and Lobster Epice if you're not going for the Omakase.
Comparable to: Sasabune (NY), Momofuku (NY)The lobster and beef in omakase are wonderful. The sakura cake is good too.Our dinner last night left us disappointed. While the food was tasty, the service was less than impressive. One person ordered sushi and the duck, which was all delicious. The seared tuna salad was full of ginger flavor. The problem came in when one person in our party ordered the tofu appetizer, which they make at the table. We were waiting and waiting for his appetizer. We weren't forewarned but it takes 15 minutes to set. When it didn't set and left us waiting for 15 minutes, the waitress didn't apologize and bring a different appetizer. She merely asked us if we wanted to wait 15 more minutes to try again with the tofu. We said no please just bring our dinners. When they came, the black cod, which that same person ordered, was very small and came with no side dishes. The waitress did not say that he should order a side dish. My dish, the yellow tail rice bowl that a server prepares at the table, was plentiful with vegetables and rice and the duck was plentiful with a side of quinoa and egg, however the black cod entree fell completely short. While it was tasty it had very very little on the plate. It was completely odd that two dishes had a full dinner and one had too little to constitute a dinner. Made for an awkward, disappointing experience. A better waitress would have steered us in a more appropriate direction. Spending $250 for three people, our expectations were much higher for service.I went here to try a different take on Japanese cuisine, and may have walked in with higher than normal expectations given the name recognition. 
It's located right in Center City so I would recommend to plan for parking. I parked a few blocks south and walked to the restaurant. Otherwise, they do offer valet service for $15. 
The inside ambiance was very hip and trendy with low lighting, and modern aesthetics. The seating seems purposely done to be closer to the ground as is typical for traditional Japanese meals. 
We sat in the upstairs room which was more secluded and allows for better conversation. 
I started with the mixed baby greens as my appetizer. It was served with a yuzu vinaigrette. I thought the dressing overpowered any freshness from the greens. I found the dressing to be quite tangy, and I didn't end up finishing the dish since each bite was becoming more dressing and less greens. In hindsight, I should've asked for the vinaigrette on the side since I tend to not enjoy too much dressing on my salads to begin with. 
For my entree, I ordered their ramen bowl. This was pretty good! It was made in a vegetarian broth, with lots of veggies and noodles. I had asked for hot sauce, and it was served on the side for me to add in as necessary :). I thought the dish was hearty and I liked that I could spice it up with the hot sauce at my leisure. I don't think there was anything special about this ramen bowl versus others I've had at different places, but still a decent option. 
For dessert, I got the mango pudding! You can definitely taste the mango, which I liked. The presentation was in a popsicle form and I think it works nicely on how it's meant to be eaten. There is a creamy center and the outside edge is more tough - allowing you to mix the hard and soft in one bite! The fruity notes and the fresh undertones are captured well in the dish - very enjoyable!
Overall, I think this is a nice restaurant to try out, but no need to rush back anytime soon. I think you can probably find similar fare elsewhere at half the price.I would say, I expected more based on the price and iron chef reputation. 
The drink: I tried Morimoto martini and Yuzu Julep, both are very good, but the Morimoto martini is a little bit strong. The warm sake is average, nothing to surprise.
The appetizer: I must say, the beef carpaccio is awesome! The beef is so tender and sauce is so flavorful! The Yosedofu is yuck, seriously, no favor, and it's way too soft to eat. We also ordered some kind of fried seafood, I wouldn't recommend it.
The sushi: I was a little disappointed of the sushi because I'm sure you can get even better sushi in some other places for cheaper price.  I ordered "chef's choice' which is the sampler of different kinds of sushi. It was good but I expected more. 
Our server was nice and friendly, the restaurant's decoration is definitely a plus, but the music is too loud, you feel like you have to talk loud so the other party can hear you.  
Overall, convenient location, nice decoration, friendly service, very good drink but average sushi. Maybe I will go back to sit at the bar to have some drinks and appetizer, but definitely not getting a table.Love this place! The food is amazing and the staff is very accommodating.Popped in here for lunch this afternoon and was delighted to find Moromoto taste for reasonable mid-day prices. The lunch sets are extremely great deals: around $17 for soup, salad, and the entrée. Chicken katsu was delightfully tender with crunchy panko breadcrumbs and sat atop fluffy white rise soaking in a savory broth, caramelized onions, and mushrooms. Miso soup was unlike anything you get at your typical Asian joint; very fresh and flavorful. My boyfriend had the duck udon with a delicious broth. We shared the spicy salmon maki as well. Although I do not like when sushi is wrapped inside a very thick wall of rice, the salmon had a strong taste and the sauce had a great kick to it. Between the two of us with the sharked maki, two entrées, and a cappuccino (great foam) for me, the total came down to $50. Excellent deal for this place. I'm excited to try it for dinner.Food is very good, decor beautiful, service excellent but also very over priced.They have an amazing selection of vegetarian options from soups to specialty rolls which go above and beyond a basic cucumber roll!  I always get the shiitake roll and vegetable roll.  The sushi is as good as it gets (according to my fiance) and their pot de creme is amazing!  The food just tastes fresh.  It is simple but, that is what we like about it!  No spicy mayo or sweet eel sauce, just authentic well prepared Japanese dishes.  The service never lets us down either!  Had a mishap with the kitchen one time and they made right!  Above and beyond expectations!  I think the staff was more upset about the situation than I was!!!!  That spoke volumes to us.  Clearly, they take pride in their work and service!  We try to get here at least once a month and always leave happily excited for our next date at Morimoto!Phenomenal!! We got sushi as our appetizer which is the best sushi I ever tasted in my life. You can taste how fresh the fish is. If we knew how good the sushi was, we might have just gotten that!! Entrees were Arctic char and duck duck duck. Also amazing! Finished with dessert which was the chef's take on a smore. They light it on fire at your table and the coolest thing I've ever seen!! We will be back again... A must to try!I saw this restaurant opening on the Food Network about five years ago and I said if I am ever in, I am going to go.  Well five years later, I got to go.  It was really good but I think Oishii in Boston is better.   Moritomo's atmosphere is really unique.  I had mentioned I was a fan of the food network and the waiter brought me over a free appetizer.   There is a lot more cooked dishes on the menu than sushi.  I would recommend the sushi sampler that gives you two pieces of each fish in its own unique sauceI was pulled into a dinner at Morimoto by an obligation that I could not back out of.  As I was still in the job market, splurging on the chef's tasting menu wasn't justifiable.  So this review is geared towards others in my situation or otherwise on a budget.
I was pleased that it is possible to dine at a reasonable price at Morimoto (I am referring to reasonable given the type of restaurant, of course).  Dinner for two consisting of a glass of red wine a piece with an assortment of sushi and dessert with tax and tip for around $100 or slightly above that.  
Half the fun can be people watching - for example, the table next to me was occupied by a hollywood actor when I dined there last week.  The design of the restaurant is tastefully modern and the seats were much more comfortable than I expected based upon the website's pictures of the interior.  I enjoyed the ambiance far more than Distrito.  I am more concerned about the quality of food than decor, though, and that weighs heavily in my ratings.
The food was not exceptional.  I've had better suishi in the city.  Much better, in fact.  I got to try a bite of three other entries at my table - the salmon was exceptional, though Marigold Kitchens' salmon is far superior.  Dessert was divine, although misleading in its description (brownies with a consistency resembling fudge, for example).  Presentation was great and service was top notch.
I've given it two stars because the text rating for that is "Meh. I've experienced better", and I have.  That's not to say it was a bad experience as it clearly wasn't, but just that I'll not be seeking it out for return patronage.I give this place 3 stars because the food I had in no way meets the expectations from a $100+ meal for one. 
The glass of vouvray white wine was excellent. I also liked the miso soup but it arrived in a gigantic salad bowl. I would have much preferred the smaller bowl version. I ordered the chef's sashimi and sushi platter. The fish was very good; some (tuna) were excellent. But the rice ruined it! Sushi rice is supposed to be slightly warm, slightly sticky and quite light. I could feel every single grain on that dish, the texture was awful and prevented me from enjoying the fish. Again, I was mostly annoyed because it was an expensive and famous place. The dessert which has an annoying name (micro batch ) was excellent, however! Service was impeccable and the place is very funky on the inside.Deeply Disappointed!
I really wanted to love it.  As a food writer and reformed restaurant critic, it had always been my regret that I had never written a review for Morimoto's when I did it for a living. Alas, no one ever offered to pay for that meal.  After many years, my husband surprised me with a reservation for dinner last Saturday night.
Ok, I was totally excited. I read every single review. Almost a thousand. I studied the menu. I was prepared.
The ambience was fine. I get the complaints about the phallus in the center of the table, but, what the heck.
We ordered a la carte since my husband is not a huge fan of raw fish. For appetizers, we had the rock shrimp tempura which was tasty but reminded me a bit of the bang bang shrimp at Bonefish Grille. We also had the soft-shell crab roll. That was delicious even though it wasn't unique.  The third appetizer was a spicy tuna roll.  Just ok. Vic in Horsham is just as tasty.
I would have been happy if my meal continued on that path through the entree portion of the meal, but, catastrophe occurred after the waiter took our order.  He politely asked me if there were any dietary restrictions or food allergies the chef needed to be aware of. I mentioned an onion allergy. The waiter then checked with the chef who ok'd my order of trout as being safe for me to consume.  Well, the food came out, My trout looked great and with great anticipation I speared my first bite on my fork for the first orgasmic taste when..... the waiter comes flying across our table, grabs my plate, my fork, my rice, my everything,  apologizing all the while that he is sorry but there is onion powder on something! So, ok, I am a little non-plussed by this behavior, but, thankful he saved me a miserable evening.  Several minutes later, after I think he calmed down, he asked me to order something else. He suggested the cod with miso, because I had considered that at the beginning of the meal and he was certain it was onion-free.  The cod came out and it was unbelievably dry and fishy. I was shocked.  Maybe 50 people mentioned how good this dish was in their review.  My husband felt so badly, he passed me his seafood dish and started to eat the cod even though he didn't like it.  The waiter and I think a front end manager came over to offer me a third dish, but by this time, I was so upset, my experience was just blown. My husband took back his dish since he didn't care for the miso cod either and I waited for him to finish.
The waiter apologized again, offered dessert, but with no dinner, who wants dessert.  They did adjust the check.  I did have some kind of major allergic reaction leaving the restaurant, but since I don't know what was in my husbands dish, I don't know what it was from. A dash to the Rite Aid, for Benadryl.  Two days of headaches and swollen tongue. It truly was a night to remember, though for the wrong reasons.Morimoto is one of the coolest looking high end  restaurants I've ever been in, decorated in this modern minimalist style with colored plastic tables that change colors.  The food is just as pretty, and very unique.  Instead of your traditional boring Japanese, chef Morimoto hits it with elements of fusion from around the world.  I haven't been in a few years, but it was one of the most memorable meals I've ever had.
We ate the omikase, leaving all the decisions as to what we ate in the chef's hands.  Do that.I've been waiting soo long to come here and it was so worth the wait. It was nice to get really dressed up and come to a trendy place that actually has amazing food. The fi and I took our time and ordered drinks (awesome) and then split an appetizer and an entree. I found the risotto to be quite salty but the entree (the name escapes me) was super duper good. It was served in a 350 degree bowl that cooked the contents even further while you ate. This is not a vegetarian restaurant, but they are def veggie friendly. We had a wonderful time and I would like to go back one day to the lounge and check it out.Came here for a friend's birthday and it was amazing for a special occasion! I split the $65 chef's combination sushi with a friend and it was plenty for two. The edamame was solid (nothing special but it is edamame after all) and the waygu dumplings are a must get appetizer if you aren't a vegetarian obviously. My friends really liked the nashi blossom cocktail and the wine I had was lovely. Overall a must try for sure! A bit pricey but well worth it. The service was amazing as well.A really good dining experience.  I had the sea bass which was cooked perfectly and not too salty.  I can't comment on the sushi or sashimi but it did look good though, although you can get the same quality for less moolah elsewhere.  For the quality of the food and service I don't mind the $$$$ menu prices and definitely for special occasions only.Wow. Overrated. I eat sushi all the time. Their sushi is mushy. I am really surprised this is rated high. I am willing to spend more for good sushi. Save your money. I seriously have had airport sushi that blows this away.The good news is that the blonde wood "wave" ceiling is still gorgeous and awe inspiring after all these years, as are the changing colored light block seats. The place is still stunning. And the service was pretty great too - very attentive and efficient. 
But I have to say that the food was sub par. We might have enjoyed it more had we sat at a table and not at the bar where we witnessed its "preparation". If you sit there, be prepared to be a little horrified. OK maybe too strong a word - no one was spitting or doing anything disgusting by any means... but imagine our surprise and indignation to see that the fish had been presliced and wrapped in plastic wrap and kept in tubs. Morimoto sushi sampler? Tub "two" is opened and one plastic wrap of presliced fish pieces (all of them together - little piece of tuna, salmon, clam) is removed. The chef then places the fish on rice on a plate artfully with the appropriate sauce. The only thing that we saw in the SIGNATURE Omakase dinner that was not PREMADE/presliced was the crab leg. I'm sorry but I think that is just disgraceful - for any high-end sushi place, but especially Morimoto. Honestly it made me feel like a real idiot (like someone was in the back laughing "look at these fools, paying this amount of money for this stuff"). The food tasted OK, by no means bad, but not fantastic. So even if we hadn't seen the preparation, I don't know if we'd race back. But since we did see it, we definitely will never return. Unacceptable.Excellent service, including a visit by the sommelier because we didn't like the bottle of wine we selected - they were more than accomodating in helping us select another bottle.  I had the duck, duck, duck & it was perfect.  I couldn't stop eating the chocolate pot de creme dessert.  If you're in Philly then find time to stop by....
(This is my first 5-star review!)We came here to celebrate my fiancé's birthday this year.  The place itself is very modern with an open kitchen in the back.  If you're lucky, you'll have Morimoto making your food.  He was there the first time we went but not this time around. They offer two different tasting menus and we decided to try one of each. It's an eight course tasting menu - one for $120 and the other for $150.  The more expensive one had 24k gold on top of the tuna toro, lobster, fish imported from Japan as well wagyu beef from Japan (must try!).  I believe they also have the tasting menu with drinks pairing. Overall, the tasting menus are worth the experience.  Get one of each so you can see the difference!This place is fantastic!! I concur with the reviews on the decor being dated... It reminded me of the Contemporary resort in Disney World . . . you know something that was decorated back in the 70s to look cool and futuristic. But that is not the star of the show . . . That honor goes to the food. 
We were originally going to have the sushi, however after seeing so many negative reviews from in satisfied patrons, we decided to ask our server for her recommendation. This turned out to be the tasting menu, which has a fancy label that currently escapes me and is not present in the menu that is available online. I am ecstatic that we chose this path. 
The meal consisted of 7 courses: 2 appetizers, 3 entree samples, a sushi sampler and desert. All dishes were really good, with a few of them being exceptional. The sushi was better than any sushi I have had to date, however I can see from the portions versus the cost why there would be so many negative comments - to feel satisfied we would have had to spend upwards of $150 each for lunch with no drinks - I know that would have caused me to have a markedly different view of this fine establishment. 
We will go back . . . Hopefully soon . . . And again will go with the tasting menu . . . . Highly recommend this route . . .  it is worth every penny for the quality of the food as well as the experience.Best sushi I've ever had. The sashimi app is incredible. Ambiance is delightful! Expensive but worth it :)Everything it's cracked up to be! Not super expensive for such a nice restaurant but def higher end! All the plates come out super fancy! Great for the Instagram! Waiter was on point with everything! Awesome sushi bar. And scenery is mind blowing! Parking right next door hard in the city. Everything is absolutely perfect.I live in Brooklyn.  I've been wanting to dine at Morimoto in the meatpacking district for years.  However, when an opportunity to dine at the original in Philly with my family presented itself, I jumped.
I read some of the other Yelpers' reviews, and convinced everyone to get the omakase (the lesser priced version).  It was one of the best meals I've ever had.
Our first course was a sashimi of bluefin tuna and yellowtail, presented as sculpted roses.  The presentation was simple and beautiful--a hint to the theme of our meal.
Second course was a tilefish carpaccio with hot oil and dried cherry blossoms.  It was light, but had a burst of flavors that reminded me of a steakhouse--a very bizarre and fulfilling dish.  Definitely one of the favorites with everyone.
Third course was a Thai snapper with vermicelli-esque soba noodles and microgreens.  The broth was very simple, and the portion was big (for a tasting menu).  A decent finish to the app section of the tasting menu.
We were then served an intermezzo: a shot of passionfruit, soda, and angostura bitters.  A gorgeously tasty palette cleanser.
Fourth course (and one of three mains) was crispy skate with a pork dumpling and pea shoots.  Far and away my favorite: the skate was perfectly crispy on the outside and buttery and delicate in the middle.  The dumpling was an advertisement for balanced umami; it was porky but not too much.  My sister doesn't eat pork, but she did this night.
Fifth course was a chicken roulade with sunchoke puree, mushrooms, and chicken jus.  Not exactly Japanese, but unexpectedly hearty and delicious.  The mushrooms and jus were another highlight to the meal.
Sixth course was straight up sushi--some of the best I've ever had.  Three sushi 'balls': tilefish with caviar, jackfish with sugared bonito, and salmon with sake.  Perfect bites of sushi; the jackfish was the standout.  Also included was a 'special roll': while the ingredients seemed basic (egg, cucumber and tuna), the presentation was exceptional: it was a square roll, and it was a work of art.  More of the true wasabi made this a really memorable course.
Dessert was our seventh course, and a definite high note: as a play on the flower show (the theme of our meal), we were served a flourless chocolate cake with honeycomb ice cream and a rose almond sauce.  Often rose ingredients come off as grandma-ish; this sauce was perfectly balanced and a great foil to the dense, rich, brownie-ish chocolate cake.  The honeycomb ice cream worked surprisingly well with the cake and the sauce.  I have to admit, this dish really got to me (I have a huge sweet tooth, it's worth noting).
The meal was not only delicious, but relatively healthy, too--all fish and chicken.  I loved the flower theme, and the overall tastes and presentation were perfect.
I wish that the dining room had been a little quieter, so that I could better hear my parents speak.  It was packed, but it was a Saturday night, after all.
I will come back.  It was worth every penny.Aside from meeting Iron Chef Morimoto at a hip, modern joint, I enjoyed his essence with omakase (Chef's Special).  I hit a home run with the triple combo of oysters with foie gras and sea urchin or Kumamoto oysters served with salsa, ceviche, and Thai fish sauce.  Other highlights included the scallop carpaccio and seared Kobe beef tartare, which melts in your mouth.  I ended my dining experience with a kick by enjoying my favorite divine dessert, wasabi tiramisu.Last time we dined here was approximately 14 years ago. Remember the food being outstanding at that time and today we experienced the same. There were 10 of us including a baby, five-year-old and eight-year-old and the servers were fantastic with the whole group. To avoid the crowd we did go in for an early seating and this worked perfectly for the mix of ages that we had in the group. Omikase was perfectly executed thru all the courses. Everyone who did a la carte were equally impressed. Not new but still cutting edge and was surprised didn't show up in best of sushi list for Philly.Manage your expectations when coming here.  Dont get me wrong, everything was very good, just not over the top as the reputation, and prices, may lead you to believe.
We got the tempura appetizer (OK), tuna pizza (great), and 4-5 sushi rolls which were good, but again nothing mind blowing.
One last thing, I'm sure being a waitress at a place like that gets you used to big, big tips from every table.  But don't get snooty with me after we order $90 worth of food and then don't want dessert or sake.  Also, refilling my water on time doesn't warrant you any extra consideration come tip-time.  Thats the minimum your job requires.  Christ.Chef Morimoto and his colleagues on the original Japanese version of Iron Chef are the reasons I got into exploring food. Remember when Bobby Flay challenged Morimoto and jumped on the cutting board to "raise the roof", pissing Morimoto off?! I do! I watched the show religiously on the Food Network back in high school so a visit to Philadelphia would not be complete without a visit to his flagship restaurant. 
I don't know what it is about neon lights and Japanese restaurants in Philly but I guess it is OK since the food is special. The menu offers anything from a bowl of ramen to sushi and sushi tasting menus to savory hot dishes to omakase menus. There was no way to go about it but to choose the $150 omakase menu on this first visit which came with 8 courses. The restaurant was noisy and there are many components to each dish so we couldn't hear them all from our awesome waiter. 
1: Toro tartare with caviar. Delicious. I loved the crunchy element mixed in with the fish as well as the cold broth. The fresh-grated wasabi really elevated it through each bite did clear my sinuses each and every time. 
2: Soup. This was the mildest dish of the night but done really well. It contained snow crab meat, fish filet, uni and daikon. 
3: Sashimi sampler. This dish had items like bluefin tuna, barracuda and firefly squid among others. Everything was undoubtedly fresh and many of the items came from their seasonal sushi/sashimi menu. I didn't love the firefly squid and never like them whenever I have them. Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills often has it on their omakase, too. It is too briny for me. The barracuda was delicious and smokey. 
I started to get full right around here. 
4: Foie gras with unagi, apple and yuzu foam, crushed apples and shiso. This dish was so balanced. I generally don't eat foie gras but had to here since it is costing part of $150. This dish was simply and perfectly conceptualized and cooked. 
Palate cleanser of cucumber juice and lemon jelly served here. 
5: Scallop with black truffle soy sauce and crispy seaweed. Geez, I love me a perfectly cooked scallop and anything with black truffles. The crispy seaweed were very interesting. This dish was amazing but just a tad bit too salty. 
6: Japanese A5 wagyu with mushrooms and root vegetables and onion sauce. Simply blew my mind. This dish was so perfect. When you have fresh and high-quality ingredients, I think you have to really restrain yourself and they did so here by letting the food speak for itself. Served on a very hot sizzling platter, you can pour as much sauce as you'd like. Just beware of the spattering. You can spread out and cook your beef as much as you'd like. 
7: Sushi sampler. At this point, I was too full so taking more food in was becoming a challenge. My ears stopped working too because I didn't catch what was on the platter except bluefin tuna, orange clam and mackerel. I bit into one and knew right away I was not crazy at all about the texture of the rice. Much like Matsuhisa in Beverly Hills, sushi is not their strong suit in the omakase. I only ate the fish off the top and left the tuna roll untouched. 
I added one piece of uni because they had a special option from Hokkaido, Japan. It cost $14 for one piece and I had to make room for it. It was the best uni I've ever had. The pieces are smaller than you generally see in Santa Barbara sea urchins, almost like the pieces came from a miniature sea urchin or something. They stacked the piece deep with so much uni that I can barely feel and taste the rice. No complaints here! Please give this a try if you like sea urchin. You won't regret it. 
8: Cheesecake soufflé with fresh berries, strawberry wine sorbet, mango and passionfruit and avocado purée. This was the fluffiest and lightest cheesecake I've ever had. It wasn't too sweet which was great. The sorbet was good as was the passionfruit purée. The dessert could have used more crunchy and varying elements (like something sour like the passionfruit) though. 
I was only able to get through a quarter of the dessert before my fullness took over. We waddled out to our Uber ride slightly overwhelmed by the quantity of food we had taken in. I seriously think the food I took in could have fed two people satisfactorily. 
It was a delicious meal with minor flaws. Morimoto is special and did not disappoint.My fantastic boyfriend brought me here for my birthday and we had a great time!
I got the $80 tasting menu and really enjoyed it. The sauces were fantastic and definately elevated the protein. My boyfriend got the waygu dumplings, a roll, and the kobe beef hot bowel, all of which were great! 
Drinks were also above average. I highly recommend the cilantro gimlet - delicious!
I only hope that the waitstaff split the tips fairly. Our waitress was fine but all she did was take down our order and bring our drinks.   Others brought us our food and expertly explained our dishes. 
It wasn't an every day meal, thats for sure, and it was definately worth the money!  I look forward to going back and absolutely recommend the tasting menu!Have been to this restaurant a few years ago and I remember it was AMAZING.  Just visited again last week and I am happy to say, it was just as good, if not better than I remember!
I could make a meal out of the apps alone.  The atmosphere, service and charm was impeccable.  I will definitely return and recommend to friends!Delicious!  Finally got a chance to try the king yellowtail Buri Bop, cooked and served table-side, and it was a fantastic meal.  Lightly seared but still with the fresh rich flavor of raw yellowtail.  The rice is also very well seasoned, but I may ask them to go light on the sauce next time - their "little bit" was way too heavy.
Service was great, and the decor and ambiance modern chic.  The sencha tea was a total disappointment though, terribly bitter and otherwise flavorless - lacking the aromatic essence of sencha and tastes like it was soaked in lukewarm water.
Given how hard it is to get reservation for dinner on weekends, I was surprised how empty this place was on a weekday lunch.  Will be back to try more!Easily the best $300 I've spent on a meal (for two).  This place lived up to the hype, including my own expectations from having watched years of Iron Chef.  The atmosphere, the service, the food . . . all deserve five very enthusiastic stars.  
Even with it being one of the fancier restaurants in Philly, the staff and atmosphere were very friendly and welcoming.  No pretentious service here, even with the high prices.  Plus, we were seated near Apollo Anton Ono (US Speedskating gold medalist), so that was an added bonus.  
We ordered the prix fixe menu . . . one for $120 and one for $80.  They both included seven courses, starting with a tartare, then a carpaccio, sashimi salad, eight spice lobster, kobe beef medallions, a sushi course, and finally a fantastic chocolate cake dessert.  Every single item was unique and delicious.  There was even an elderflower and mint soda palate cleanser that was served between courses 3 and 4.  Particularly delicious was the daikon topped with foie gras.  
Even the drinks were fantastic.  I highly recommend the lychee cosmopolitan and the Japanese pineapple non-alcoholic cocktail.   
Hands down, one of the best dining experiences we've ever had.  Definitely worth the price and worth the visit if you are in Philly.I was the only one at the table to experience the Morimoto omakase ("chef's choice" tasting menu), and let me tell you: everyone else regretted not doing so.
Though the others envied the omakase, I didn't hear any complaints about their particular orders. There wasn't a single plate that came out that I didn't enjoy: everything was excellently prepared and very delicious. 
The only minor hitch was a hiccup with the check: an error in processing our order and the way it was handled; other than that, everything else was fabulous.yes!! yes!! we did 'chef choice' : multi tasting course and it was so worth it!
after 1st dish i was so anxious to taste the next one :D
i just couldn't have enough of it. it was pleasantly surprising with most exotic ingredients. absolutely amazing!!!Absolutely the best meal I have ever had! Really. I went with a large party of 16 and was able to try many dishes. I ordered the pork belly appetizer and it was unbelievable. Then I had the sea bass for an entrée and it was one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted. If you can only try one thing...get the sea bass. 
Sample the surf n turf....very good. And the chicken, which is hands down the best chicken I've ever had. If you don't like seafood get the chicken. Holy moly!  Cheesecake is up next. But you'll have to discover the dessert for yourself.I ate here a few years ago and LOVED the food and the ambiance. The atmosphere makes it feel like you're in a futuristic cave. It was weird and I loved it.We went because my son and I love Masahara on the Iron Chef program.
We went for lunch in the middle of the week, several months ago. We were late getting there, close to the time that they stop serving lunch. The place was almost empty, maybe only 3 or 4 other tables taken. The waitress couldn't wait to take our order, to the point that it was almost impossible to get her to describe any of the dishes. We asked for a little more time to decide and she was very upset. She came back to the table in about two minutes. Unfortunately, she never returned that quick during the remainder of the meal, it took ten minutes to get a wine refill. 
The food was great but no better than Nobu but the prices did not seem as bad as Nobu. 
The design was 70's zoomy scando-japanese via Karim Rashid's distorted mind. It probably would have been better if there were lots of people there, otherwise it looked a little like a smorgasbord lounge at the Copenhagen train station during my college trip to Europe in 1974.I was in Philly recently, and another amazing local chef had recommended we check out Morimoto. Being the avid Food Network viewer - I booked a reservation. 
Unfortunately no sign of Morimoto himself, but a friendly staff was in place. After perusing the menu and consulting with our waiter, we decided to try the tuna pizza (just ok - almost no flavor without the aioli which I decided to pass on), the Morimoto sashimi (delicious - especially the flash-poached OToro tuna sashimi, and the kitchen sent out a few things to try - the sweet/sour shrimp (deep-fried and pretty tasteless) and the scallops with ginger and scallions (very tasty). We shared a $30 sushi/sashimi combo that was very tasty.
They also brought out a very refreshing sorbet and lemongrass ice cream that was tasty.
Overall, an ok experience. Definitely an interesting and unexpected interior in downtown Philly!Not too many vegetarian options, but hey its Japanese. Its mostly seafood. I went here when I ate meat and it was awesome. If you eat meat, the warm octopus carpaccio is one of the best things I ever ate. I remember the rock shrimp tempura being good as well. Just don't get the baby chicken...it comes out whole (beak, feet, and all)! And it tasted like sewage. They have a few veggie items such as green tea noodles and vegetable sushi, but not too many. The whole place is virtually made of white plastic and the walls and your booth/table change color slowly throughout your meal. Pretty snazzy.Let's start with the simple but elegant ambiance and decor of the restaurant.  It was like I was walking into a colorful sea.  The panels around the seats in the middle changes color but at a rate that is not disturbing to the eye.  The wavy walls were beautifully white; which makes the entire room look sleek and clean.  We sat along the walls which are mostly 2 seaters (really is a perfect place for date nights).  The chairs were white and table was neon green; now that I think of it, I wonder if that changed color as well.  I don't remember.  It's not even because of the price of this restaurant; just because this place look so nice and elegant inside, there should be a more strict dress code.  
For drinks, we had the chateau bordeau and a cocktail I can't recall (2 glasses each because it was delicious).  There are 3 types of tasting menus but we opted for the ala carte dining because I know it would be too much food.  But the number of dishes we ordered was pretty much the size of a tasting menu.  I didn't want to order sushi here, so that's a main reason I didn't choose the tasting menu as well.
So we started with the kimomoto (not sure if I spelled it correctly) oysters which I found to be the best oysters i've ever had.  We ended up with 2 plates of oysters because we didn't like the edamame (overcooked and presentation didn't look so good).  The manager was happy to take it back and replace it with another plate of oysters.  The oysters came with 6 on a plate (3 different kinds, thai pepper sauce, ceviche, and one other I can't recall).  I loved them all.  Next came the carpaccio and dumplings.  The dumpling fillings were pulled beef, I think.  It was not bad, interesting filling because I've never tried it this way before.  The carpaccio (salmon) was very smooth, cooked just right with sesame oil sauce, maybe a little spicy kick to the sauce would be a good idea tho.  We also had the special of the night, scallops with congee.  I was surprised to see congee because I've never had it at expensive restaurants before aside from chinatown.  To my surprise, it was delicious and flavorful with just the right consistency.  For those that don't know, congee looks pretty much like oatmeal and is pretty much rice cooked in water.  The scallops were flavorful; not a fan of scallops but they did taste good.
Our main course was the duck duck duck and chilean sea bass.  The duck duck duck came with a bowl of short grain rice with an egg on top.  I had the duck cooked medium rare which was delicious; however, I wish there were less fat between the skin and the meat.  The skin was sooooo good because it was thick and crispy.  The chilean sea bass was cooked just right and flavorful surrounded with some vegetables.  My favorite part was the dessert of course, as usual.  we decided to share because I was really full.  I opted for the burnt honey ice cream with green tea cake.  The cake was moist and tasty, could definitely taste the green tea flavor in there.  The ice cream was out of this world amazing, I love ice cream, wish they sold this in stores.  
The service was wonderful, manager was understanding about us not liking the edamame.
On a side note, when i walked out of the restaurant, I noticed a giant asian lady poster that I thought was kind of freaky and the place could do without LOL, jus my opinion.  Otherwise, I had a fantastic dining experience.  My 100th yelp review, morimoto did it for me.Best... Meal.... Ever....
Ate here 3 years ago and it's still one of the greatest experiences ever ever ever. Like a perfect symphony of delicousness, delivered with expert timing and in perfect order. The Omakase here is unrelenting goodness that leaves you ultimately satisfied.
What I'm trying to say is that I liked it.Try the Buri-Bop, it's mind blowing.  This place is dee-lish (what else could you expect from THE Iron Chef?) and the decor is funky fresh yo (think Brave New Worldesque dining).  My fave is the centerpiece at each table which not-so-vaguely look like glowing vibrators...a great conversation piece during any meal.  Pricey place so be sure to go with a thick wallet.(5) ~ Excellent Overall Food & Service & Ambiance...Love the Architecture!;-)
** Best Sushi I've had in the USA...which explains why Chef Morimoto is an "Iron Chef";-)When asked by out-of-towners where to go when they visit Philadelphia, I don't tell them to gawk at a giant broken bell or do the Rocky run up the art museum steps.  I send them straight to Morimoto. 
Masaharu Morimoto became an icon on Iron Chef and also pasted that annoying Bobby Flay and when he opened a restaurant in my hometown I couldn't wait to go.  I called every week leading up to its (many time delayed) opening to get a reservation.  It was worth it.  
The inside is modern and the bathrooms are ultra cool.  The image of the lady's head kinda freaked me out, and the lighting of the tables and seats was a little off for a Japanese restaurant.  But it wouldn't be 'fresh' and it wouldn't be Steven Starr without a little unnecessary pizzazz.
The otoro (fatty tuna) was absolutely mouth-wateringly amazing.  For $13 bucks for two pieces it better be.  Nothing compared to the $40,000 a fish he pays at auction for the best quality tuna, which is then line dragged from Tokyo to America, chopped up, and stored in -80 degree freezers to ensure the freshest fish possible.  It works cause the fish literally melts in your mouth.  I don't think I chewed it at all.  I also recommend the rock shrimp tempura and the selection of sake is very good.  I was a little disappointed the dishes weren't more adventurous because on the show he comes up with some wacky stuff.  I recall him drawing the scorn of the 'old-school' Iron Chef Japanese for abandoning the traditional and revered methods of cooking.
To top it off, Morimoto-san himself came to our table and chatted it up with my family.  I think we were the only Japanese people in the place.  He's definitely a ham.  He signed our menu and took some pics with us.  Unfortunately I don't think he is around too much since he's opening new restaurants in NY and LA. 
But go anyway because Morimoto is just one of those places you've gotta go to just to say you've been.I think the 1000+ ratings say enough, but I was too impressed not to say anything. My boyfriend and I dined here over the weekend for the first time to celebrate our anniversary. We arrive a little early and although the restaurant was crowded, were seated within a few minutes. The restaurant itself has a cool, futuristic feel. With the only windows to the outside being the glass front doors in the front of the restaurant, I like I was in another world, in a good way. 
To drink I had the Gin Blossum special, which is now my new favorite cocktail. The bf also very much enjoyed his dark & stormy. We didn't think we were hungry enough for the chef tasting, but to still try as many dishes as possible, we split a bunch of appetizers and then shared an entrée. For apps we had the edamame, ramen soup, tuna pizza, and waygu dumplings. I could have done without the tuna dish, but I did still appreciate the freshness of the fish. We are obsessed with any and all ramen and dumpling dishes, and am happy report these did not disappoint! Of course the waygu beef itself already set itself apart from any ordinary dumpling, but they were by far the best I've ever had. We both said we could have kept ordering extra servings of them. I was also impressed with the ramen soup. Most ramen's I've had have been substantial enough to serve as an entire meal, so I was surprised that it was extremely light and delicate. We also thought we needed to try at least one sushi dish, so we went with our go-to, shrimp tempura. Delicious as expected- slightly spicy and rolled with asparagus for some extra texture. For the main course we shared the ishi yaki bop with kobe beef. The beef is cooked tableside in a hot bowl and added to a rice, egg & veggie mixture. It was a perfect sharing dish and was a great way to end the meal.  
From the staff, to the décor, and food & drinks, everything was absolutely perfect. The meal was worth every penny, and I can't wait to celebrate another special occasion there soon!If you've ever watched Iron Chef, you know that Morimoto is a culinary genius. As expected, his restaurant didn't disappoint. You walk into the restaurant and are surrounded by cold white furniture illuminated with cycling colored lights. They have a list of asian inspired cocktails which turned out to be unique and strong: we had ones based on saki and green tea. Obviously sushi is prevalent on the menu given Morimoto's background, but the other Japanese style dishes like tempura with gorgonzola and the cooked fish dishes were incredible. We're big scallop fans and the hotate sushi was the best we have ever had, narrowly beating out a few places in Japan. Desserts were a little less impresive with a wasabi tiramisu being a very weird blend of flavors. Next time I go back, I will definitely try the chef's tasting menu, though we opted not to on this occasion since Morimoto, himself, was not there.5 star service 5 star food. Love it here! Hey open one up in NYC! And this rock shrimp is the best!I admit I'm not a huge fan of the show a Iron Chef, but of course I'm aware of Iron Chef Morimoto.  While in Philly, I felt compelled to visit his restaurant.
The restaurant is easy to pass without noticing.  Once inside, the restaurant is very modern looking.
I had the lunch sushi sampler for $26 which came with miso soup and salad along with a good assortment of thirteen pieces of sushi which were so fresh and delicious.  I'm not the biggest sushi fan, but the sushi was clearly terrific.  I really enjoyed it.
Brian, the server, was very friendly, helpful, and attentive.  The other workers were very pleasant as well.By far one of the best experience with sushi. I would highly suggest if you are going to try sushi for this first time to go to this location. We had one such person in our group of 5 and it turned them on to the idea of sushi in the future.
The atmosphere also puts you in the mood for a great meal. I would go in to detail of everything we had but to be honest we had such a large variety I wouldn't know where to start.
Highly recommended for everyone from first timer to long time sushi lover.Meh. I was expecting to be wowed a bit more. I ordered the $40 chef's selection for sushi, and although it was very tasty, most of the nigiri I had had before, and are the usual suspects (egg, salmon, tuna, etc). I was expecting them to throw a bunch a wild and unusual stuff in there. Also had a side of butter sautéed Japanese mushrooms. A bit too salty. 
Also, my dining companion's salad came about 10 minutes AFTER his main dish had arrived. 
I would not go again, but I recommend to anyone who does give it a try, to order one of the entrees as opposed to the sushi.Service is impeccable. Food is the freshest and amazing. You get what you pay for and its worth every dollar!First of all, I'm a huge fan of Morimoto. . . 
If I could I'd rate this 4.5 stars. . . food was great. . . fresh. . and presentation was perfection. . . would of given 5 stars but, to be honest the portions was a bit small, service was okay, and the atmosphere was so so. . .It's really just average.   Had two sushi rolls, and the crispy trout.  Both were just ok.....and I wasn't even paying,  so it's not about the price. 
Disappointed.I have been here multiple times but not in the last two years. We went there for lunch today to celebrate our anniversary we had the omasake it was a nicely presented 7 coarse lunch and as always fabulous cocktails . First coarse was a yellowtail tartare that was excellent the crispy shallots added the right crunch to the dish. Second coarse was a nice oil flashes fish could haves used a touch of acid or salt. Third coarse came away two different fish sashimi prep with a micro salad. Forth coarse was the signature black cod which always amazing. Fifth coarse was a well prepared amberjack a little of lemon and sesame pea tendrils. Pastry was the only miss at first.... the Yuzu cake was just not to our liking little dry, however, our server Chris handled it like a professional and brought out a phenomenal cheesecake with basil powder and cherry salad.
Overall another great experience and this is why we keep going back. First time for lunch we are normally dinner people but after today and the experience with Chris and the rest of the team there we will return more frequently for lunch.Morimoto's was fantastic. I have read other reviews that said it was loud. We found the noise level to be average. We easily had a conversation and could hear our server with no problem. Décor is interesting and fun. We loved the lighting. Not too dim, not too bright. The service is absolutely phenomenal. You are taken care of from the moment you walk in the door.  A lovely young girl checked our coats and brought us to our table.  The table service is a collective effort among multiple servers. For example; I spilled some green tea. In 10 seconds someone was there to wipe the table.  We were very impressed with the service, which was not pretentious at all. Everyone was extremely friendly, sincere and welcoming.
The food was also wonderful. We had the softshell crab sushi, spicy salmon sushi and tempura rock shrimp for appetizers. The sushi was perfect and the tempura shrimp had a light sauce with a nice kick! I had the Ishi Yaki Bop (yellowtail) which is prepared at the table in a hot stone bowl. Very nice presentation; plenty of food and very, very tasty.  My husband had the Seafood Toban Yaki; the entire ocean in a bowl. It was full of shellfish and scallops in an incredible sake/soy/butter sauce. Really amazing!
It was a wonderful experience and we would definitely go back. We want to try the Omakase menu. Another plus for Morimoto's is, they have valet parking. For $15 it was so worth it!  Thanks to everyone at Morimoto's for making our New Year's Eve dinner so memorable.The highlight was that the Iron Chef himself came around to the glowing table and shook our hands!!!  
I've never done the omakase b/c I'm too cheap but the rock shrimp tempura and the Ishi Yaki 'Buri Bop' (yellowtail) that's cooked tableside is very good.Keep it simple.  
Sit at the Sushi bar in front of the chefs.  
Order the top tasting menu.  
Enjoy.When I lived in Philly, we came here a few times but  back then I just couldn't bring myself to order the omakase. so after I had passed my comprehensive exams and he got a new job,  I really wanted to come back here  for a celebration with my husband to kick off the summer.  It was a good experience but not the experience of our lives.  I've never paid this much for a meal before and frankly expected a lot more quality service for the price. I mean dude the check came to a month's rent for me in university city back in the day. Before I get dismissed by yelp foodies as a country bumpkin, I've traveled extensively, have  flown business and  first class and have been to Japan and the Onsens there a couple of times so I do know and appreciate what a good experience is.
Hubby and I both had the 150 omakase and he had the sake pairing. It was excellent sushi and sashimi and oysters and a great sushi tartare first course.
The food was par but our server was slightly aloof and only responsive when I complained about how salty the waygu beef was. However, everyone else that brought us the food was great so maybe it was just her. They did bring us an additional dessert as a courtesy for the saltiness. And it did surprise me that the lobster portion was quite substantial. 
All and all I agree with the other reviewers, it was great but didnt knock my socks off and certainly was not the once in a lifetime experience I had hoped it would be. I had wanted it to be magical and it was just par for the course for the price paid. Actually, for the price I paid I expected and wanted it to be amazing and it was just a B+ effort.
I was glad we did it but we probably would not do it again.This place is ridiculously delicious. The food is so fresh, atmosphere is fun and hip and the service is great. Prices are high but what do you expect at a place like this?  I went here with my husband for his birthday and the bill ended up being about $450.00. My husband did order the chefs tasting menu thing which was around $180 just for that.  Expensive but worth it. Overall fun experience.For me, Morimoto is the best Japanese restaurant in Philadelphia. Easily. Possibly best restaurant in Philadelphia, although that's just my opinion.
I've been several times. I always recommend to order the Omakase at whatever price you like. If you have food allergies, the chefs will accommodate them. Let the capable crew of this ship pilot, navigate, and deliver.
Price be damned, the Sake Omakase is worth it. Yes, you can get some of the sake in Jersey or PA liquor stores for a fraction of the price. It's the pairing and variety that makes it a worthy addition to your meal. If sake isn't your thing, try the Beverage Omakase. 
Aside from the Omakases, there are a few less obvious items on the menu worth mentioning, especially if you want to keep the tab under control. The Wasabi Fried Rice is to die for. Vegetable sushi is the best I've ever had. Incredible. Vegetable Ramen is spectacular. The term vegetarian is meaningless here. Everyone eats well. Japanese Uni when they have it is a must-order, for those who can appreciate Uni. Uni Ice Cream as well....Yes that's right....Caramel and Uni flavors together in an ice cream I always ask about. Then there's Monkfish liver, which I've never had anywhere else. It's like God's own cheescake. Who would have thought. I could just go on.
Make a reservation if you want a table. The sushi bar is a contrast, but a worthy place to be as well if you are a small party. I sit there occasionally for a little change.My wife and I have been here twice. The first time was a fantastic dining experience, worthy of a 5-star rating. The second time wasn't up to that level, but was still very good. She, being the one who likes shellfish, went for the omakase both times. Everything I nibbled was really good (including the paired drinks). I have gone with the 10-hour pork, which is phenomenal but just too small, and random noodle dishes. The desserts have been really good, but the sushi has not been up to my expectations, what with Chef coming from Nobu and all. It's good, but not as good as I've had at Nobu, either in NYC or in London, where the idea of eating sushi of any lower quality is just disheartening. (Granted, I've never been to Japan, so I may still be deluding myself.)
The servers have always been knowledgeable and friendly. Maybe next time, we'll go to the sushi bar to try that out, once I hear their fish quality has improved.A very good friend brought me here before I moved from Philly. It was perfect for a warm cosy dinner with great friend, I had the lobster which was huge and fabulous, tender juicy meat with very yummy dressing!second visit with a friend. Tried many things that I didn't order the first time I was there.  This was a bar-like fusion style japanese restaurant. Food was a bit overpriced. If you are looking for authentic japanese food, you might want to go to some other place. Morimoto the owner got famous partly because of his fusion creations. If you are not looking for traditional food and happen to have a group of friends and simply want to have some beer and fun while eating Japanese sushi/sashimi kind of food, this is the place to go. The waiting staff were very friendly and helpful.Definitelly come back for more omakase!!
It was 2 hours of such an amazing combination of different food choices and everything blends very well. I think it's totally worth the price and I hope to visit Morimoto again soon.Amazing spot !!! Went here tonight for dinner with one friend and it was perfect. We werent too hungry so we only got one sushi roll each. Since the resturant is more on the expensive side I thought maybe they wouldnt be too happy with a low number check, but they were more than delightful and had a great welcomwaitor. Love the atmosphere, VERY cool. Would be the coolest place to have a private party or event. The sushi tasted so authentic, delicious.In one word: Amazing.
What a fabulous overall experience from start to finish!! Totally worth the money spent!
I cant talk enough about the service and the food....you got to go and try it!!
And they actually took extra care of me when i said i was a vegetarian. I was given so many options for each course. Superb!
We had the following: (nothing was disappointing)
Drinks:
Morimoto martini..
Japanese pineapple (non alcoholic....was great!)
Mandarin ginger (non alcoholic)
Couple of glasses of wine...
Starters:
Morimoto Sashimi
Yosedofu (made vegetarian...and made at the table...wow!).
Main course:
One was a whole fish (sorry..forgot which one).
I had the Ishi Yaki Bop...was made vegetarian for me, and also made at the table!).
Dessert:
Yuzu Meringue tart
Vegan chocolate ice cream. 
I really loved the ishi yaki bop.....its been by far the best dish I have eaten anywhere in a while.Nice place, went there for my anniversary. Waiters/waitresses were great and friendly. Got an eel avocado roll and a dry aged NY strip which was well cooked. Wife got the full 8 course meal. It was pricey but was a great experience.made a res. for new yrs. eve and it was an unbelievable meal! was looking foward to going since watching Morimoto on the Food Network. The atmosphere is modern, trendy, and had a simple/clean look. The fish was sooo fresh! BY FAR THE BEST SUSHI/ FISH i've had! the chef himself was there; which made the experience worth while since my boyfriend couldn't stop smiling! we decided to have a huge meal the menu was pre-made so it was pricey. BUT WORTH IT. will DEFF return!I was craving really good sushi  last time so we decided to go here. Our server was great polite he gave us and informed us about everything I was happy about that.  We had a lot of toro the fish tasted so fresh and great quality!  Though the   morimoto tempura was too boring and bland I was disappointed knowing he added his name on it. The steak with wasabi and other appetizers such as the toro tartare  wagyu ,carpaccio and  scallops tasted so good it was creamy it had texture and flavor was exceptional :)Sushi is fresh - service was excellent - but wayyyy overpriced. Very modern, different environment - great for date or for a large group. We ate mostly sushi but it looks like the cooked plates were the way To go.This restaurant is beautiful to look at, and the service was excellent.  Waitstaff was very knowledgeable about the menu.  The 5 of us ordered: Black Cod Miso, Duck Duck Duck, Angry Chicken, Striped Bass, and a Yellowtail "Bop," plus an assortment of sides.  We all enjoyed the food - the preparation was exacting and tasted luscious.  The only reason I took 1 star off was that I felt my dishes (black cod, side of Japanese mushrooms) were a tad too salty.  Also, I'd order a salmon/avo roll as an app, and it was fine, nothing great about it.  The entrees were impressive, so I do recommend this as a dining stop if you're visiting Philly.i can't believe it...i paid $10 for a bowl of ramen soup...and i loved every spoonful. restaurant is beautiful, food is delicious, very attentive waitstaff. would've given it 5 stars, but we ended up waiting an extra 1hr15 before they sat us, even though we made reservations in advance.Expensive but creative Japanese & Asian fusion cuisine from the original iron chef Masamaru Morimoto. Funky booths that change colors are an attraction but it's always more fun sitting at the sushi bar. I had the pleasure of having the iron chef behind the bar make us food years ago. Although the chef is rarely there anymore, the food at Morimoto's has been great each time I went.Went to celebrate a birthday dinner. Food was amazing and the service was phenomenal. Started off with the seasonal mushrooms, fried cauliflower and sweet potato tempura kishibori soy (ordered a bit too much, but each dish was great. Finished with the Ishi Yaki Bop. A bit on the $$, but well worth the money for a special occasion!This place is very nice excellent service gr8 different plates and recipes but very ordinary sushi def not the place for sushi...My boyfriend and I came here for an anniversary dinner. The service was great -- everyone was kind, patient, and knew what they were doing. 
For starters, we went for some pieces of sushi & sashimi, and I think that was the highlight of our night. 
We got the salmon carpaccio for a cold appetizer. It was unique and flavorful, but much too salty. We kept going for water after every two bites. It was good, but I think we'll try another dish next time. 
For entrés, my boyfriend got the 12 oz. Australian wagyu. The texture was very nice and the fact that it came sizzling on a pan in front of him made it all the more better. Setback, salty again. 
For my main course, I got the seafood toban yaki. I love seafood and the fact that this course came with a variety of shellfish made it amazing. But a HUGE setback was that the soup of the dish was SUPER salty. I just couldn't take a sip at all. I had to take out my the pieces of seafood and put them on the sticky rice that came with the course to absorb the salt. 
We ended with a no flour dark chocolate cake, forgot the name. It went very well with the rum ice cream. 
All in all, we will definitely be trying morimoto again! (More than likely just for the sushi!!) 
Our total was about $230 (we each got a drink too)Morimoto has always been my favorite Iron Chef and his restaurant showcases his talents wonderfully. I took my best friend here for a birthday dinner; we flew in from Atlanta for the night just to have dinner here because it really is THAT good! I had been to Morimoto's a few years ago for a work dinner and it is by far one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. This time, we each had the regular Omakase tasting menu ($100) and it was absolutely phenomenal. Here is a breakdown of our courses:
1. Yellowtail tartare in dashi with a garnish of wasabi and Japanese peach
2. Whitefish carpaccio (This is a MUST HAVE dish! I remember it from my first time here and I will continue to order it every time I go!)
3. Salad with swordfish and barracuda sashimi
4. Cod with blackened skin in a buttery miso sauce with a garnish of black beans and sweet pepper (This was the most amazing cod I have ever put in my mouth, SO SO delicious!)
4.5 Palate cleanser of plum shaved ice
5. Skate fish with fennel and pear in dashi
6. Fried duck with miso and blood orange (I was starting to slow down at this point, but this was really superb)
7. Sushi: Blue fin tuna, fluke, horse mackerel, yellowtail, squid, and tuna maki
8. Mascarpone and white peach gelee dessert with elderberry sorbet, passion fruit, lemon, rhubarb, blueberry, and compressed mango
We also had the Morimoto signature beer flight that is actually beer made by Rogue specifically for Morimoto with special recipes. The Morimoto hazelnut ale is spectacular. 
Bottom line, this place is one of my very favorite restaurants and Morimoto will always be an incredible idol and inspiration for this fan-girl foodie!I have been here twice for the omakase (chef selection) and had a wonderful experience both times.  Beautiful presentation and wonderful tastes.  If only it were a little less expensive...but it is worth the splurge for a very special occasion.
I love the modern and funky decor.  Oh and don't forget to order the Cilantro Gimlet!Wagyu dumplings FTW! Nice wine and sake selection too! The decor is pretty cool too, more on the 90s, early 00s vibe, but those are my wheelhouse years so, I dig it! Staff is also really attentive, made my gloomy Tuesday romp in philly a blast! No room for cheesesteak!was in Philly for business, went here by myself on a Friday night after a day of meetings on the suggestion of a friend. Sat at the sushi bar, had omakase. Decor is fabulous. The food was very good, even with the price (which I was prepared for) it did not disappoint. Great flavors, nice presentation. I was full by the time I was done. Only complaint was service was rushed. Now in fairness it may have just been that particular server, but he was a bit perfunctory and maybe over caffeinated.  I was having a nice conversation with the gentleman next to me and he made a point of interrupting us a number of times to give his spiel. I dunno, he was nice enough, it just would've been more relaxing given the money to feel like I had plenty of time to linger and enjoy the atmosphere in a little more low key manner. I would definitely go back, but I think next time with my wife and get a table.Benjamin was wonderful. He went above and beyond to assist with our experience. The service was excellent.
The food is delicious and makes you experience different tastes.It all depends on what you're looking for in a restaurant.
If you want pretension, they have it. If you want explanations of each course the take longer to listen to than the food takes to eat, they have it. Sadly, if you're looking for special food, or any innovative tastes, they are severely lacking in that department.
I was there on a Friday night and had the omakasa. The orchestration and the presentation of the food was great. But the food itself came nowhere close to meeting expectations. The sushi course was no better than the nine dollar fish you get at Vic's sushi. On the other hand, My girlfriend liked one of the early courses which was a couple of pieces of fish on top of a bed of green salad, and I thought the little tuna ball in broth made a great first course. 
So, to be fair, the place would probably be four stars, where I not adjusting for expectations. I was not paying for the meal, so the price did not influence my negative opinion. That said, the omakasa was something like $120 per head.Morimoto is simply outstanding. This is the standard-bearer for Japanese cuisine in Philadelphia. 
Ben Shiau (head server at Morimoto) is the best server in Philadelphia. He combines very attentive and warm-hearted service with an impressive knowledge of Japanese cuisine and fine dining in general. He is a treasure in the Philadelphia dining community. He always makes our visits to Morimoto special.Wow, what an experience.  If you're looking for something different besides a steakhouse or Italian fare, Morimoto is definitely a place to consider.  The menu may take you out of your comfort zone, but that is such a good thing to do once in a while, I promise.  There were 7 people in our group, and we were all thrilled with the various things we ordered.  Like many others have said, the service you'll find here is absolutely as good as it gets, anywhere.  Our server, Beth, was awesome; but the entire staff was nothing less than superb.  In all, it was a very fun restaurant to try, and I'm so glad we did...there are some really interesting and new flavors coming out of that kitchen.  We will definitely return. 
With advanced reservations, they can accommodate groups up to 8 on the main dining floor, but they also have an upstairs area that can be booked for larger groups.  It was relatively affordable as well; quite a bit less than what you might spend at a high-end steakhouse.  Our bill, with appetizers, a few drinks, entrees and desserts for 7 came to about $730, before gratuity.  I did say "relatively", right??Superb restaurant. Everything we ordered was fresh and delectable. The wait staff was unbelievable. This will be one of my go-to spots whenever I visit Philly.Morimoto has the uber-chic, trendy atmosphere that I love, but here, that comes with the uppity service that I hate, which is not always the case at a restaurant like this.  Hosts were not friendly.  The server's attitude was that of "If you have questions about the menu, I don't care to answer, and if you aren't spending hundreds of dollars, I don't care to be friendly".  You know that saying of "looking down your nose at someone"?  That's exactly how I felt with our server here (once it was obvious that our bill was only going be in the low hundreds).  The only good thing about our server was that she knew correct service style and placement. 
The food was very good, with the whitefish carpaccio with yuzu being the favorite.  It really does melt-in-your-mouth (as did the other dishes) and I recommend eating the pea shoot accompaniment with the sauce as well.  My hamachi rolls were mostly hamachi, which is appreciated.  I love black cod, and this version, paired with a miso mustard, disappeared quickly.  It's obvious that all of the fish here is super fresh and tasty, and I would expect nothing less.  The carafe of sake held a decent amount, and the one we chose went well with our entire order.  Dessert was great--miso honeycake with shiso, vanilla ice cream, fruit compote, and spun sugar.  Honeycake was delicious and the vanilla ice cream rich and flavorful.  Yet, for as tasty as the food was, I remain underwhelmed.    
Dim lighting, sleek design, and ambient music are nice touches, but awful service and paying for a name brand didn't impress me.  There are better restaurants to choose from in Philadelphia.We went there for lunch. The service was okay, but the food was very disappointing.
Here's what we had:
- Chicken Katsu: this is the weirdest and worst tasting Katsu I've ever had. The chicken was very dry and tasteless, the Panko crust was completely soggy covered in a white gooey sauce. Not sure how the overcooked semi scrabbled egg is suppose to contribute to the dish; other than making the dish looks even less appealing.
- Nigiri and California roll: the fish was okay, nothing to write home about. The sushi rice was not up to Morimoto's standard.
Understand that we didn't' have a fancy meal there.  Shouldn't all the food on the menu be at least decent, regardless of the price?  It's sad to say that the miso soup was the best thing we had there.  We won't go back again.One word: Omakase.  I had the lunch one and was blown away, thus trying the dinner omakase in Waikiki twice!  This place had an interesting  ambiance to it.  
Weird to say this, but check out the restroom!Way expensive, but I enjoyed myself.  The fish was good, but not mind-blowing as I was anticipating from a place that had a special refrigerator built to hold tuna at the optimal temperature.Everything is delicious. We had rock shrimp tempura (A+), pork belly (A+), mushroom salad (A-), and yosedofu (A) for appetizers. Did I mention the pork belly and tempura are GREAT. For dinner we had angry chicken (B+), chef sushi $30 (A), new york strip steak (A), and ishi yaki bop with the buri (A-).  The sushi is really a cut above. I think it has to do with the way they "polish" their rice.  The medium rare steak was velvety. We had several of the signiture beers and sakes. Beer was good not great. Sake was great. Nothing disappointed and everything was good. A true 5 star. Came in at $275 before tip for 4.
Delicious.We've dined here three times. The first was kind of a bust because we didn't know the best stuff to order. The seafood is very delicious, the rest of the menu lacks flavor.The food is great, and the wait staff is knowledgable and courteous.  The food is worth the price, the sake is much over priced.  I like the sushi bar being up high, so you could interact with the chefs.  It gives it a personal feel for me.  You will find nothing else around.
Highlights:
Japanese Yellowtail
Scallop Carpaccio
Abalone
Uni Ice Cream...Yes! Uni Ice Cream
Green Tea Tiramisu.....Too die for!Upgrading my review based on my visit last night, was even better than my last two visits and Morimoto has made it's way to my top 10 favorite restaurants in Philly, for sure.
I returned last night to celebrate my anniversary with my honey and we had a fabulous time. Ambiance, service, and food were outstanding 5/5 on all accounts, that's hard to come by.
I wanted to do the Omakase again so we could sample most of the menu, along with ordering some things a-la-carte. Our server was FABULOUS, so knowledgable, easy to talk to, great recommendations. He originally recommended the $150 Seasonal, but after discussing what type of items we wanted to sample, and that we don't eat red meat -- he changed his recommendations to accommodate us. He was very honest and said the highlight high value entree in the seasonal, was the wagyu beef, so we wouldn't really benefit off that option. He helped us come up with a dinner option perfect for us -- the regular $100 omakase, and told us which items would come out in what order, and helped us choose our other a la carte items based on what we were interested in, and also as to not repeat any dishes based on our omakase. One of the best servers I've ever had the pleasure of serving me, thank you! 
Honestly, everything was fabulous, I have nothing I didn't enjoy. But I'll outline my favorite highlights: BEST TUNA PIZZA IN THE CITY, there I said it, but I'm not kidding. I've had a lot, and I don't think I can eat it anywhere else ever again. The tuna is so fresh, the jalapeno flavor is perfect, it's so light, flavorful and just.. GET IT. Yosedofu is pretty fun, as it's made fresh table side -- a nice dish if you enjoy tofu. Carpaccio is delicious, the hot oil makes such a nice smokey flavor it almost tastes like you're eating red meat like a thinly sliced seared steak.Duck is rendered perfectly, crispy skin , juicy well seasoned on the inside. 
Overall, I am certain I will return for the next special occasion or craving..  the age old question of " is it worth it?" YES. I vouch that the omakase, or the restaurant in general is 100% worth it. The quality is there, the service is there, and for those of you with a bottomless pit stomach like me -- the quantity is there. This is not one of those high end restuarants with tiny portions, you will not leave hungry. I already want to go back... drooling as I write this reviewI don't know how many different ways I can say amazing food, but this place really lived up to my standards.  I have been wanting to try this place and my boyfriend brought me here Friday night.  We got the $120 omakase, which had 7 courses, plus a delicious ginger/rice wine concoction before our hot dishes.  We started out with a toro tartare with caviar on top, which was really amazing.  You eat each bite with some wasabi and then cleansed your palate at the end with an exotic Japanese peach fruit (which tasted like lychee soaked in wine).   Our second dish was 3 chilled fresh oysters prepared in 3 different ways.  Simple, elegant, and yet also amazingly delicious.  Third, came a hot oil baby yellowtail carpaccio with sauce (ponzu I think).  The hot oil slightly seared the yellowtail but still left it tender.  The baby yellowtail was something I had not tried before and really had a different texture than  just regular yellowtail you find in most Japanese restaurants.  Fourth, was 5 different types of sushi which included, toro, red snapper, fluke, and squid.  Also very good - the textures of each individual fish was different and paired well together as a whole.  I usually just think squid is ok, but this one was not that chewy and very deliciously creamy.  Then came our drink to refresh our taste buds before hot foods.  First of the hot foods was a lobster prepared with cumin and chili spices - one of the best lobsters I have ever had.  Second came kobe short ribs in this spinich and wasabi sauce - again, so tender, creamy and melt in your mouth kind of dish.  Finally, came our dessert course, which was an almond cake baked outside of a pear, served with fresh vanilla crème and an apricot compote. Delicious.  Every single dish was simple, elegant, amazingly yummy and uniquely put together.  I would 100% recommend Morimoto for a special occasion, or even just a date night (if you can afford the cost).  Definitely 5 stars for quality of food and service.My boyfriend made reservations for my birthday one time so I just had to repay him with a reservation for his birthday this year and this being our second visit I decided I should finally write a review. The food is out of this world (each item is so fresh and unique, everything was really well-rounded from appetizer to complementary drinks that were suggested) and the service was pretty good too. We cannot wait to go back again for a third time and hopefully many more!! 
P.S. We suggest the tartare it's our favorite so far :)This restaurant lived up to the hype (and the hefty price tag).
The decor is very modern, not at all your traditional Japanese place. It screamed trendy so we were worried that this wouldn't live up to the hype.
We had the $120 omikase tasting menu (you can get it for $80, $100, $120).  It  was well worth it.  Our favorite dishes included a thinly sliced scallop with olive oil so it tasted like foie gras , a yellowtail rosette with lemon citrus vinagrette, and sushi that was delicately rolled with love and real fresh wasabi (not fake-colored dye).
The warm dishes were just OK  -- we had a generous half lobster but it was a little unrefined because we had just been served beautiful delicated plates, and wagyu beef which had a little too much sauce for me to savor the beef. 6-8 courses for the tasting menu, and the more you spend the higher quality fish it is. Dessert was OK.
Loved this place. We thought it was worth the price. Go Iron Chef!Went there recently for lunch. Had the Cirashi Sushi and was very disappointed. Instead of the usual slices of sashimi fish, I was served a measly bit of diced up fish in my bowl. Are you joking? I had to order a few pieces of sashimi and put it in the cirashi just to make it palatable. Ridiculous.
I won't be returning.Omikasa OMG. My buddy and are in Philly for a few days and decided to check this place out. After seeing the prices we decided to head for the happy hour specials. Well, the happy hour options were terrible. I'm sure they are tasty but, I can get pork gyoza and tuna rolls anywhere. We decided to grab a table and work our way through the Omikasa, best decision ever, 8 courses without a single miss. The price was a little step at $100, but completely worth it. I would GLADLY do it again, maybe even tonight.Didn't expect such a reasonably priced lunch. Had the beef guydon lunch set - generous serving of miso soup with tofu, fresh house salad that was appropriately prepared to eat with chopsticks, and bowl of rice, broth, tender beef, and the most wonderful egg. In reference to other reviews about saltiness - food was seasoned exactly as expected.I have been interesting in coming here for 2years now. The day before I came to Morimoto I went to Gin Za and pigged out on Sushi from there so when I arrived at Morimoto, I was a bit sushied out so I decided to order something else.
I wasn't drinking alcohol during my visit so i had the two non-alcoholic options which were delicious and sweet. But I drank thru them too fast.
My dinnermate made me order the "fatty tuna"...I actually liked it but since I'm a fake sushirian, I can only tolerate the bare minimum of anything raw. I also tasted his eel.
I got the Duck Duck Duck entree. I had to take it home because it was sooo salty. I had the scallops for appetizer and they were quite delicious.
Now back to the Duck- Salty duck served with salty duck fried rice.
Even when I was eating the Eel sushi it was super salty
I ended up taking my duck home and mixing it with regular white rice. that toned down the salt and the meal was DELICIOUS when I re-warmed it up two days later.
For dessert I had the green tea tres leche type of dessert with the honey burnt ice cream...YUMMY. The waitress kept saying it has a heavy green tea flavor. I really didn't notice but if you are not a fan of green tea, then stay away but the ice cream was delicious.
I am not sure why it was soo salty to start with.
Either, I think Morimoto is a place to try, there is not superb about the here that you can't get anywhere else.Disappointing to say the least. We chose the $80 Omakase menu. None of the dishes were presented all the well. Almost too much soy in the first three courses. The only dish that was memorable was a miso-infused black cod. The sushi sampler was inadequate with a selection a tuna/yellowtail/fluke/mackeral/octopi. The flourless chocolate cake to finish lacked flavor. Overall, wouldn't go back. My experience in NYC was much better. Then again, for this price point I would pick Sushi of Gari or Sushi Kaji in Toronto over this. hummm.The atmosphere was the best part. The decor was amazing! The food was delicious and filling. We were celebrating my birthday, so the kitchen sent out a dessert. I'll return for the next big celebration, a must visit, especially if you're an Iron Chef fan as myself.I. really. loved. Morimoto. 
After having spent 4 years in Philly, my last final meal (graduation) was here and my mind was blown. I couldn't have been more happy with Morimoto. I love Japanese food, and I don't necessarily go for the most expensive places but I really thought that this was worth the price. 
We ordered: 
-Seared Kobe Beef + Lobster
-Ishi Yaki Bop w/ Yellowtail 
-Sashimi
-Rolls (Yellowtail Scallion, Spicy Tuna)I don't even know where to start.  Our visit to Morimoto was amazing!  We had a group of 9 and every one of us enjoyed every single thing we ordered. It's much trendier and more contemporary than I was expecting. It's also a little louder than I expected but it wasn't obnoxious at all.  They have quite a few gluten free options but there were also some things, like sushi, that I couldn't get due to the rice having soy sauce in it. 
So, a few of us started with the sake flight. It was ok. I prefer the sweeter sakes and none of these were sweet. It was also chilled sake. The cocktails that we had from their cocktail menu were wonderful. I started with the wagyu beef carpaccio. Oh my goodness!  The flavor was amazing. They oil they drizzled on it was so full of flavor I wanted to lick my plate (don't worry, I didn't).  A few of the girls ordered the edamame. The potion was huge and it was seriously the best edamame I have ever tried. It has sea salt on it that again was so flavorful. Next I got the tuna tartare topped with caviar. Again, so amazingly flavorful. They serve it with a flower that is apparently edible. I wasn't too sure about it but putting the tratare on the petals was actually really good and I'm still alive a day later so I guess my friends were right, it was edible.  
As an entree I had Ishi Yaki Bop with wagyu beef. They bring a 500 degree bowl out to the table and cook the steak in it. It was pretty cool. The taste of the dish was out of this world!  
Our waiter Joe did a great job. Every staff that we interacted  with was very friendly. I'm really glad that we decided to eat here.I went for lunch on 12/20/17. This restaurant always serves an amazing time! The service, food and ambiance are amazing. All the food is indigenous in its preparations and presentation. You pay for quality here.. I will always return..
I had the waygu dumplings and pork Ramen, my friend has sushi and a beef ramen... we had two carafes of saki.  The food is amazing period!!Great sushi for philadelphians, expensive since i moved out to san francisco and can get the same quality o fish in japantown for much mess money.
love the atmosphere, and the ever changing pastel colorings that light up every now and thenA simply amazing dining experience!  My husband and I each had the "basic" omakase which was comprised of 8 heavenly tasting courses. Our 2 girls (7 and 9) enjoyed sushi appetizers and the Kobe bi bim bop bowl, prepared table side. The decor is ultra modern and the wait staff was helpful and friendly. We may try the NYC outpost next time we're there. Highly recommended!Service was okay, came here for dinner. Spent nearly $400, walked away feeling not so satisfied. Still cannot remember what was really goodThe food, simply put, was excellent. 
We had the sushi of course, but even more memorable were the non-sushi plates on the menu. The beef carpaccio melts in your mouth and makes you wish you ordered more; the fois gras was cooked perfectly. 
This is definitely a restaurant for people who enjoy fine dining.I love the modern, space-like decor.  I love that it's such a scene.  I love that there were chicks dining there who looked like models wearing $900 shoes.  I love that dining at the next table over from $900-shoe-chick there was a middle aged woman in mom jeans who was definitely not from around here.  Ahhh people watching...
I took my little sister out to Moriomoto for her birthday recently.  I've dined here a few times in the past few years and what can I say? Impeccable service blah blah blah, best sushi in Philadelphia blah blah blah Iron Chef blah blah blah.  This really is the place to go in the city to impress out-of towners.This is definitely one of the finest restaurants I have ever been to.  My daughter took my husband and me there for our mutual birthdays.  We ordered six different items to share between the three of us.  The food was delicious and the service impeccable.  This place is very expensive but worth the splurge, especially when someone else is treating.Treated my sister her for her birthday and she loved it. Loved the rock shrimp, spicy king crab. The dessert are yummy too. Would definetely like to revisit this placeWent here for a work-related dinner so didn't have to pay (lucky me) and I absolutely loved it, fresh fish, innovative dishes, ridiculous decor.  We sat at the sushi bar in the back, which was very fun, and the sushi chefs had some great recommendations for food and even let us try the live scallop!  I think this is that kind of place that you must go to at least once if you're a sushi lover.Went for omakase to spend a hefty gift card I'd received. Our meal was great overall. The food was terrific, but the service wasn't all it could have been. Many of the courses were beyond delicious (the black miso cod, the whitefish carpaccio, the seared wagyu). There were just a couple that were meh in comparison (a salad with sashimi wasn't dressed well, the sushi platter just seemed bland in comparison). We probably overstayed our welcome, but that was because they failed to ask if we'd like more drinks (I wanted another martini, my husband wanted coffee) and we asked for that at the end. Service was proficient but impersonal. They refilled our waters every 5 minutes, but didn't didn't think to ask if we wanted anything ELSE to drink, even after my cocktail glass was empty midway through the meal. Food was great (with many hits and some misses), but service was perfunctory at best.I'm so conflicted writing this review.  On the one hand, I've read Morimoto's book, cheered him on in Iron Chef, and was inspired to cook "fusion cuisine" at home largely because of his recipes.  But after having tried the food, I can think of 10-15 other restaurants in Philly I'd rather go to burn money.
Good(s):
10 hr pork kakuni - Too salty but still delicious.  Not as soft as I expected it to be either if it'd been cooked for 10 hrs.  Nonetheless, this was the lone star of our meal.
Bad(s):
Morimoto Soba Ale - Pretty meh for a $16 beer.
Pork ramen - Too subtle for my palate, the only really developed flavor I got was the salt.  I used to eat ramen every day so I know good ramen when I've had it.
Black cod miso - On the plus side it was almost perfectly cooked, maybe a little under.  But it was syrupy sweet (maybe I just don't like these Japanese fusion flavors?  But I love most Japanese foods...)  
Cha-soba - Next time I feel like soba I'll buy the $4 package of green tea soba and the $5 bottle of soba dipping sauce at Hmart and it'll taste exactly the same.
Sorry Masaharu, I'm sticking with Jose Garces for special occassionsThis is a gorgeous restaurant.  But the food they present is the most beautiful aspect of this experience.  The toro tartare is to die for.  And while everything I tasted was perfect, the sushi was sublimely simplistic.Very poor service 
Slow and disjointed 
Trout was mediocre
Dumplings were too thick and not delicate
Staff aloof
Won't go backI think Shyam P's review was dead on.  Honestly if Morimoto's was located outside of Philadelphia in an area with other Japanese cuisine competition I don't believe it would receive the level of praise it does.  But this is Philadelphia, and for Japanese food in Philadelphia I enjoyed it.  Being vegetarian I was very limited on what I could eat.  For an appetizer I had tofu made at my table, and for my entree I combined a serving of veggie sushi and udon wheat noodles.  Finally my desert mango-shiso was heavenly.  
As others mentioned the atmosphere is very modern / futuristic like.  The chefs and staff were truly amazing.  Chefs prepared / laid out food on our table and explained what everything was and how to eat it.  Though my meal as described already was pretty straight forward how to eat, my date's meal (meat eater :D ) was a little more complicated.  I can not stress enough how wonderful the staff was to us.  In closing the food was definitely above average taking the location into account, and the staff and atmosphere met and surpassed expectation.  Total bill for 2 was $150.  A little pricey, but for a good date / dinner with business partners well worth it.Worth every penny! Absolutely delicious! 
Everything we had, from the seared scallops, Duck Duck Duck, and the rice dish with Kobe beef and the chocolate dessert was very tasty!
 Definitely more expensive than your regular/average menu but It was worth it. The drinks were also good. Happy hour on the drinks and some appetizers is very comparable to other restaurants. This could also be a great date night! I strongly reccomend it.One on the greatest meals I have ever had in my life. Sit at the sushi bar if you can- its like watching artists at work. However there is not a bad seat in the house, the atmosphere is wonderful. Great as a high-end date place when you want to impress. We got the 7-course meal option, which was worth it when you are experiencing the cuisine of Morimoto.  Savor & enjoy every last bite- it won't fill you up but it will satisfy.This restaurant AMAZED my palette like no food has ever done before. My fiancée and I both had the seasonal omakase at $150 a person. I was reluctant but halfway through our 10 courses we both agreed it was the best choice. Our waiter, John, was the most knowledgeable waiter I have ever encountered and had an answer for every question we had (and we had a lot!). 
Our favorite without a doubt was the wagyu beef- we are still talking about the flavors that we wished would last forever.  Next was the toro tartare- NEVER something I would order but the way each ingredient complimented each other to make that dish baffled me. After that my next favorite was the lobster with a broth that I wanted to gulp in a glass if I could!  We were served so much sashimi and sushi that I simply cannot remember what was what- but at that point I trusted everything that John said and would eat anything he gave me. 
We had two desserts and while my fiancée's favorite was the green tea gelatin with cream sauce (which was very good and I don't even like green tea), mine was the apricot three layer cake with greek yogurt and polenta crust. AMAZING, and I cannot stress how much I despise apricot and was so bummed when John said it was apricot- but when I tasted it I simply could not believe how delicious it was. I slowly savored every bite. To top the whole meal off- John came out with two glasses of champagne with sorbet floating in it and said they were complimentary because we were such a cool couple. 
Overall one of the best date nights and experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. Chef Morimoto's restaurant truly shows the difference between a chef and a cook, and the combination of ingredients and flavors used in each dish showed me the talent he truly possesses as one of culinary's best.Went back to my hometown and went to Morimoto's with my cousins and was very impressed.  The Iron Chef did not disappoint!  We had the foie gras which was one of the best preps I've ever had - creamy, buttery & delicately sauteed foie that was paired with mandarin orange and gooseberries that has my mouth watering just writing about it!  The Spicy King Crab was so good that I found myself picking at the shell in hopes of finding more hidden treasures..  Overall it was an amazing dining experience and Chef Morimoto did not diappoint..  The decor was modern minimalist chic and matched the beautiful assault on my senses..  Absolutley Loved It!  My only wish is that we had a 'Stephen Starr' out here in San Francisco to create such remarkably designed restaurants with equally remarkable food and drinks, then SF would be heaven to me!This is the second time I've been to this Morimoto. I can say that both times was an amazing experience. The food here is unbelievable. We had the Morimoto tempura and the diver scallop carpaccio for appetizers and then split the $85 chef selection sushi plate. SO good. The scallops with the chilies melt in your mouth and the tempura selection with the 3 dipping sauces just left us wanting more. The sushi, sashimi and roll selection was delicious. Everything was so fresh and tasty. The server was very knowledgeable, He explained in detail everything that was served. Granted that everything here is marked up because of the Iron Chef name but I'm OK with that..People please avoid this place completely. We had reservations here to celebrate my girlfriends surprise 40th bday dinner in August . We arrived an 1/2 early for drinks and was escorted to the upstairs that felt like a sauna. We asked the staff what was going on and they said as sweat dripped from their heads that it's been like that all day. (Now this  was in August around 8pm and it was in the middle of a heat wave and the temp outside was about 85.) We tried to deal with thinking that it was just the upstairs that felt like that. We went downstairs to our table and sat down only to realize it was just as hot down there. We seen people walking out so we asked to speak to a manager. A petite Asian woman came out and asked what was the problem. We asked her what the issue was with the heat. She responded and said they had a heating and cooling specialist come out earlier that day and he stated that the air conditioning unit was not large enough for the space it was cooling and it was nothing the restaurant could do about it. I asked her what the current temp in the restaurant was and she said 78 degrees inside the restaurant. I told her that was unacceptable and asked why didn't they call their customers to alert them if the issue. She just looked at me and stirred quietly . I stated to her this was a special surprise bday and people had flown in to celebrate. We were a party of 6 and the bday girl was sweating and disgusted. Again she just looked. The table next to us called her an idiot and stated this restaurant charged too much money not to be able to afford air conditioning ( now of course the name calling was completely inappropriate, but his statement was accurate). We got up and left. We were all dressed up for a wonderful dinner celebration and ended up walking to a nearby pizza place since this was a Saturday night in the summer and all other places were booked.  I called to speak to management several times always to be told they would get back to me . On my 7 th  attempt to speak to someone in management and refusing to get if the phone til I spoke to someone I was told things happen get over it... wow !!Thank you Morimoto for completely ruining my girlfriends bday party and showing such professionalism in addressing the situation( sarcasm of course). My firm use to hold several luncheons their but I will make there will be none in the future .We recently drove to Philly just to go to Morimoto's. We got the tasting menu and it was all way, way too salty and not enough food.. The desert was a cheesecake, but it was gelatiny almost like a Jell-O no bake cheesecake, gross. However a friend ordered the soba noodles with scallops and truffle, that was amazing. Maybe we just ordered poorly the the tasting menu is supposed to be the best stuff and our waitress kept saying "we recommend it." So $300 later we were still hungry and disappointed. 
I must say the place has great ambiance. The walls between the tables change color and it is very chic.Best japanese restaurant in town!! Definitely recommend the seabass that was one of the best I've ever hadBooked Morimoto for my boyfriend's birthday celebration dinner and was extremely disappointed. Before ordering, I had asked our server at length about the Chef's tasting menu and if it had diverse options (i.e. apps, noodles, seafood, meats, etc). He REALLY SOLD IT TO US and said it did -- but when the courses arrived, they were basically ALL seafood and not very good. He described it to us as a "best of the best" at Morimoto (dishes that made them famous), but it really just seemed like food they were trying to sell/get rid of. 
At one point, he did ask if we were pleased with the dishes. I was very polite but told him we were unhappy, saying that I understood this is a Japanese restaurant with many of those types of dishes, but since I had explicitly asked, I thought he would have done a better job of communicating the fact that this would be 99% seafood. It just seemed like he really wanted us to spend our money on it, and he didn't care much if we liked it or not. 
What I also found a bit strange was that he kept TELLING us how good the dishes looked and smelled when he put them down on the table, so he "KNEW we would like them" -- it was a bit odd and assuming. Also after I explained my displeasure with the menu, he told me "dessert would more than make up for it." Really? After dessert (which also was't very good), he said: "when you come back, I know you will have a better experience." I said: "IF I come back..." His approach and tone to the whole thing was really uncomfortable.
In addition:
- The service was very slow. Our dishes and empty drinks sat at the table, and we had to ask to get service. 
- He sold us hard on the tasting menu, but wasn't accountable/did nothing to help after we didn't like it. This was not cheap.
- When I made the reservation, I noted that it was my boyfriend's birthday and asked if they could bring out a little candle/something extra for him with dessert. They never did.
We love and appreciate food and the dining out experience. I was very excited about Morimoto - but I was really upset about the whole experience from start to finish.Oh, boy, where do I start? Atmosphere: cool and minimalistic yet comfy, with enough room between the tables so you can have a  private conversation, if you can only hear each other... The chairs  are far away from the tables and you can't move them, so intimacy is on the-mission-impossible side. Probably good for a first date, though,  when you are not yet that familiar with each other and you are not sure you want to be. Ok , water: I love the fact they give you chilled water with no ice rocks in it. Trust me, it's better for you...But my mixed drink , priced at $14 had 75% ice and just a pinch  of flavor.... Straight to food: appetizer was 4star. Foie gras was well executed, sea salt on top gave it that extrakick, but it definately needed more sea salt. I've had the same amount and quality of foie gras for half the price in a nearby restaurant...Entree: duck duck duck. Well, well, well...but not in a good way. I hope the poor duckling went straight to duck heaven, because I am afraid she may have died in vain. 1 strike. dry and overcooked. It was medium well, when it should have been medium rare. 2 unseasoned. 3 cold. 4. skin was not near crispy. Fruit accompaniment was delicious  and it came with rice, which was also dry and poorly seasoned. Edible, of course, but you'd expect a lot more from Morimoto, considering they charge a LOT  more than other places for similar dishes and drinks. Presentation, I must admit,  was spectacular. Dessert was also good, but the check wasn't :-). All in all, a one time experience, I think Buddakhan is better. Service was fine, professional, friendly and extra helpful, but food execution needs some improvement considering the prices,  which just scream for PER-FEC-TION. Yes, I said it.There is a caveat with the three stars that I'm giving Morimoto, and that is -- we came for a business dinner & was only able to select from a very limited menu; therefore, this review is solely based on that limited selection.
With that being said ...
For the price of our dinner, I was underwhelmed by the food (although I quite liked the knives that they provided).  Perhaps I set too high of a bar based on the name, price, & other reviews ... ?
The five-piece sushi sampler was nothing special; I've eaten the same or better quality sushi at normal or all-you-can-eat sushi restaurants.
The tuna pizza, though, was not only creative, but very tasty as well!!  I only wish that it was a bigger portion.
The dried NY strip steak was seasoned tastily; however, it was overcooked (I asked for medium-rare; it came out medium-well done).
The Yuzu meringue tart was a deliciously fantastic way to end the dinner.  The fruits & cream definitely tasted fresh.
Although the restaurant was half-full, it was still quite loud.
I would consider returning to try some of the foods off of the full menu.Attention to detail is an understatement at this place.  Had the sake poached rock octopus and crispy veal for a starter, what an experience, excellent just does not cut it. Here I am thinking that it could not be better, the soft crab roll, debating whether to have it with wasabi/soy or straight up, either way its ridiculously delicious! The hazelnut ale certainly did not put a damper on my experience. Thank you!Outstanding dining experience! The food the service was incredible. If your in philly and love sushi this is the only place to go.I'd like to strip down all the fancy lighting and sculptured walls and see if the taste can stand on its own.
The food is quite enjoyable, although it's not the freshest sashimi out there.  I do like their food presentation, I wouldn't expect less from a place like this.  I also liked the service, the waiters were very helpful and friendly!  I was referred to this restaurant by my hotel's concierge, so I arrived Morimoto without reservation, and they were able to accommodate my request. Very nice!
Thank you Morimoto!The service made the meal. A beautiful restaurant and wonderful service to top it off. All the dishes we tried were interesting and had a real culinary twist. A must try is the rock shrimp tempura with spicy 'kochujan' aïoli. Definitely a hot appetizer to share. We had some wonderful sushi and a variety of other dishes. Don't forget to leave room for dessert.This is a joint venture by Iron Chef Morimoto and Stephen Starr, the owner of 12 super hip and cool places to eat in Philly.  It's a big open space with cool artwork on the walls and some cool looking but pretty uncomfy chairs.  The fish is fresh and tasty.  Try the toro tartare and any of their delish sake.  It's kind of pricy so if you are on a budget then don't drink - just eat.  They are totally open to you creating your own rolls and dishes too.  Service was excellent and they even gave us autographed menus by Chef Morimoto.jst gotta try this place. top food, modern deco, cool bathroom(i think bathroom and quality of the joint has a direct relationship).  awesome food. some pure sushi, some fusion.  what do u expect from a place by iron chef!!!!!!I'm writing this review more than 6 months after eating there so I don't remember a whole lot of what I had. What I do remember was that I wasn't very impressed. My wife and I both had 2 different prix fixe menus each over a hundred smackaroos (not worth it, order off the menu if you must) A few of the minuses I remember was the over use of truffles, I don't mind truffles, it's just that they're so damn powerful as is that they should be used sparingly not masking the flavors beneath. Another thing is they're use of the propane torch to crisp the skin on my fish.....helloooo....I can taste the propane and it's not very pleasant. And the plate of nigiri that came out was so small that I had bring out my magnifying glass to eat it. I was still hungry after that 8 course meal.
Another annoying thing was the neon lit interior, the colored lights kept changing every 10 seconds, how annoying when trying to eat. I felt like I was in that 70's movie Logan's Run, eating my last meal and getting ready to go to the carousel to be reborn except I had the urge to escape to the outside.
The only plus was the knowledgeable and attentive staff.
Morimoto wasn't there that night and I'm not sure how often he is so I'm not sure if things would've been different, lets just say he wouldn't have gotten my verdict on Iron Chef.Iron chef, not that expensive in comparison to other celebrity chef restaurants at this scale. The sushi to me isn't worth it, it taste basically the same down the street because this is American the ingredients just can't be that fresh, not worth the price at all. A great selection for raw bar in american standers. However the Iron chef american-japan style dishes are to die for. Pork belly and rainbow trout are very nice. The service is good as it should be and atmosphere and decor is good.I had dinner at Morimoto on Friday night with folks from work.  We had a fixed menu because our group of ten.  We sat a kidney shaped table with phallic lights in a curvy room.  You can see this table on their website.  I ordered the rock shrimp tempura and the black cod miso.  I washed it down with a Sapporo and then a Kirin Light.  I dessert-ed on citrus panna cota.  We also ordered sushi for the table and I took great delight watching George try unagi (eel).    First observation.  You think your going to get four shrimp, you get forty.  Awesome.  They tell you can eat the skin of the black cod.  Don't.  The sushi wasn't spectacular but it was good enough.  The tuna was on the fatty side which I'm cool with (I love toro) but when you expect to be able to bite through it and can't, that's a problem.  The panna cota was a nice touch at the end.  Kathy couldn't eat hers because I put her spoon in her purse.  She found it the next day.  Sorry.  Next time bring maguro when we order maguro.We took my mom to celebrate her birthday. The food was wonderful. It seemed like they just kept bringing out more and more food. One dish after the other.  Inside, the decor is modern and trendy. The waiter was exceptional. He knew the menu and was able to describe what everything tasted like and how it was prepared. We asked him a lot of questions when we were ordering. @$100.00 per plate, worth the money to me. It was delicious and a fun experience t o share with the fam.Now I have not tried sushi before I got here so I cannot really comment on the quality of the sushi but in my opinion it completely won me over with the uniqueness of how it was served , as the sashimi I got was not served in a traditional sense.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was very modern and loud.  The food and service there was phenomenal, I had many different dishes and all were of such unique tastes and textures that it was one of the best experiences I have had going out.   The drink and desert menu was also on par as they had many different selections to pick from.  Overall I am defiantly making a come back trip to here soon and I highly recommend coming here on a date or a small party of people for a great outing.Mixed feelings. We'd been here years ago and had the omakase. That had been a disappointment because the menu, while well executed, was essentially the same as at Nobu. 
This time we ordered a la carte and were happier. We liked everything we ordered, including the Morimoto Sashimi (especially the salmon and the toro), the Duck Duck Duck, and the Ishi Yaki "Buri Bop" (inspired by bibimbap but with Japanese rather than Korean flavors). A moderate sized dinner for four with two beers and tip came to about $70 a person, not cheap but reasonable. 
BUT Morimoto also has this weird expense-account vibe that I find very off-putting. Case in point: our server's offer to put truffles on any dish for $20. And $8 for edamame? 
For a restaurant that presents itself as innovative, Morimoto feels complacent and smug. When it's good, it's really good, but giving Morimoto even 4 stars is controversial in my family.I'm a big fan of the Food Network.  Although sometimes the Iron Chef America shows annoy me (especially episodes with Bobby Flay and certain annoying judges), I still make a point to watch if it's Morimoto.  I actually like the old school series better, the one with the crazy Japanese millionaire.  Those were true cooking geniuses at work if you ask me.
Anyways.  Going to Philly, we just HAD to make a stop at Morimoto and see if we could run into the man himself.  I asked our waitress if he was in but sadly he was not :(  I was seriously disappointed.
The decor of the place is very new age.  There is special lighting and plastic seating.  They also had a private room, which we passed when using the restroom.
The food was good, but obviously could've been much better if it was made by Morimoto himself.  We ordered quite an assortment to try, so I can honestly say that they have pretty good food.  Not excellent, but definitely good.
The bill was a little up there, but we felt it was worth it, even though we were still on poor college student budgets.
Would definitely come here again.There aren't TOO many places like Morimoto in Philly. It's one of the more expensive places in Philly, period. It has a ridiculously trendy interior, with beautiful, sleek lines and pops of colors found in nature (green, blue, then there's purple like the flowers used to garnish the dishes), and the - there's no other way to say this - the phallic 'candle' light that's permanently fixed on each table. The cost and the interior will make you drop your jaw, and I like to think the food is on that level as well.
My boyfriend and I came here the day before Valentine's Day - not a single reservation was open on V day a few months earlier. We were excited to try this Morimoto, since we went to the NYC one a few months ago on my birthday. So this post is a bit of a comparison (I like the NY one better). 
I had the buruberri mojito to start, and he had a Sapporo beer. My drink tasted great - minty, sweet, refreshing. We then decided to order 3 appetizers and 1 entree - all to share - since none of the entrees really suited us. So we got the toro tartar, tuna pizza, and the 10 hour pork kakuni, and then the ishi yaki bop with buri (yellow tail). Everything was delicious, but I was disappointed in the toro tartar. I didn't realize it's not the one the morimoto is kind of famous for - with the many different dipping sauces and the little platform filled with pure toro. Instead we got a little disc of toro tartar that was mixed with chives and some other things, in a soy dashi. Not as fun of an appetizer, nor as delicious as I had remembered. Everything else was amazing - the pork kakuni was so soft and fell apart in my mouth, and with delicious bed of scallop porridge or something. The tuna pizza was really fresh and barely tasted like fish - it was so fresh and buttery. And the ishi yaki bop was fun as always - to see the server mixing it up for you at the table. For dessert, we shared the green tea tres leeches which was yummy. The cake was really moist and the ice cream and matcha was a nice balance of bitterness with the sweet. 
The service was great - very polite and professional. My only gripe was that he was very hard to grab towards the end of the meal when the restaurant got crowded, so I can't complain too much. 
I had to take away a star just because the toro tartar is not the same as the one I had in NYC - they should name it differently, or even just convert it because this one was just not as good. I wasn't able to taste just the toro on its own. 
At any rate, I would love to come back. It's really swanky (maybe too swanky), and has delicious food, although for a hefty price. I hope to try the omakase one day.When first looking for the restaurant, just be aware that there is no large sign to direct your attention. Enter the neon green doors that might have the restaurant name in small font.
Decor: there is a bit of an underwater type atmosphere with a very modern approach
Food: We went with the lunch special omakase as we've never had an omakase before. The waitress gave us a brief outline of each dish and the chef's recommendations on how to enjoy it. Every dish was like an adventure for the palate. In fact, the dish that we agreed on being disappointing was the sushi Appetizer. This is not to say that the sushi Appetizer wasn't good.. All of the other dishes were just that amazing. The dessert was also exceptional. I think these dishes may be the best Japanese dishes that I've ever had. 
Service: very respectful and patient wait staff made the experience amazing at every step of the way.
Thank you for the great experience! You've set the bar pretty high for subsequent omakase ventures.The atmosphere and service were top notch. The food was tasty, and the chicken soup had chicken that was extremely tender. It was very soft chicken, but not too soft.
BUT the downside was that the price was 50% higher on things than it should have been by market standards. The soup had only three medium/small sized pieces of chicken. It also had flavored broth and thing noodles, but no other vegetables. So that felt like either a rip off at $14, too plain, or both. The sushi was good, but still comparable to what you could get elsewhere, and at $9 it was a bit higher. Seafood entrees are $26-48 IIRC.
The portion size was normal(sushi) or thin (noodle broth), but I was strangely filled up, so maybe some meals inadvertently have MSG.
I think that the quality is excellent, but for me, high prices and small portions do not equal great food - although many high end restaurants seem to think this. Some people come away with a "just mugged" feeling, and I can't totally disagree.
If you want good chicken noodle soup, I found the ones in an Indonesian restaurant in South Philadelphia to be the best because of the vegetables and spices. After that I would recommend Vietnamese chicken pho in South Philadelphia.
It has a good reputation because of the IRON CHEF. It is probably overrated, although definitely not bad. I think that for the higher price and great reputation you will not be very impressed if you are objective.
So: Great Quality, Service, and Presentation, but bad price and portion size should mean a 3 star "OK" rating.This is one of my favorite sushi places. The decor is very modern and looks almost cutting edge. The food is very good, and the Sushi is always very fresh. One of the things I like most about this place is the booths.Morimoto met every one of our expectations and beyond! The service was excellent and the food was amazing. Our waitress had great recommendations and was extremely helpful. Everything came out in a timely manner but we never once felt rushed. I can't even remember what we ordered as it was a wide variety but we enjoyed every single dish so I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong here. The atmosphere is modern, a little loud but definitely not pretentious. .Is this place still cool?  I know, I know!  Yes, I am aware of its affiliation with an Iron Chef.  I just wish I had dined here when it first opened or at least a few years ago, recently dining here doesn't seem exactly relevant.  But for the name's sake, it was worth an expensive go... I think.
We made reservations on a weekday to be safe, but arrived 30 minutes late.  They were nice enough to accommodate us.
Servers weren't really friendly but they weren't unfriendly either.  They do know their stuff.  We had one rattle off recommendations and ingredients like a robot.  Actually that is the perfect personality for a server at a place that looks like how we thought the future would look like 10 years ago.  Not that I'm bashing the decor, because I did like it, (just didn't help the food taste any better).  It's also very loud in there.  If you're looking for an intimate spot, this isn't it.  Maybe the space was designed to amplify everyone's conversations to hyperextend the restaurant's image of a busy, bustling, good time.
Morimoto martini-- this drink was strong; it had pickled garnish floating at the top. Straightforward.
Seasonal oysters -- came with different sauces: Japanese salsa, ceviche and thai fish sauce.  I love oysters.  This was easily my favorite dish.  If I had ordered two dozen oysters for my dinner, I would've easily given Morimoto's 5 shiny stars.
Seafood "toban yaki"-- I was glad of the portion size.  As advertised I received a ceramic bowl filled with prawns, crab, and other delights from the sea. Tasted fresh definitely.  Broth was light.  Not noteworthy for $37.
Seasonal sorbet trio -- Tasted good, not great.  Ever have sorbet?  This is sorbet.
Maybe I didn't know what to order.  I didn't order anything on the sushi menu and that could be the difference between my review and the rave reviews.
I was fortunate that my date thought I was worth the splurge.  Maybe if I have an extra $200 lying around, I'll try this place again.I liked the ambiance of this joint and the staff was friendly. However, I find the food overpriced and not as exciting as I hoped.  The room is groovy feeling with white curved in ceiling decorations and sperm looking lights at your table.  It's pretty dark too.  A few of us ordered the chef's tasting and all I remember were the complaints about the palette cleanser tasting like lemon dish detergent and the portion sizes were too small.  I didn't taste the lemon soap but I agree that the portion size is skimpy at best.  I was still starving after my meal.  The best thing here, and only ting worth going back for, is the black cod miso...again small.  I wouldn't come back just because while I enjoy smaller portions with better quality, the quality did not make up for the bites of food I got here.Morimoto is one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  Service has been top notch during each visit! I'm a big fan of their sushi & ishi yaki bop!Morimoto did not disappoint!! Not only was the food fantastic, but the service was great as well. The waitress really knew her stuff when we asked her about the details of each dish. I also really liked how she came back to our table exactly when we needed something (we didn't even need to signal for her or say anything). Needless she deserved the hefty tip we gave her.
If you're in Philly this restaurant is a GO-TO. You can't go wrong with any dish. Everything is fresh, well prepared, and every aspect of the ingredients used mixed perfectly in your mouth. I suggest anything with Kobe beef and the toro tartare as an appetizer. My sister got some seafood served in a smooth, buttery-broth. I wish I could have pulled a poor-man-move and brought home the broth. Yes, I am serious. Side note: the wasabe served with the toro tartare was GREAT. Because it's made fresh, you get to actually taste the flavor of it. Sometimes we forget it's not just spicy!
Price: You could get away with $40/person including tip if you order only one dish with no appetizer/dessert/drinks. But honestly if you're going here you might as well go full out. I think the bill for three of us came out to around $240 not including tip.
All the great food kept my belly happily full. Needless to say I looked at every meal after that with great disappointment.In the past 6 years, Morimoto has always been a guilty indulgence-type restaurant for me & my friends.  We have dined there several times before, to great satisfaction (except we discovered that their omakase menu never changes).  
These same friends drove up from Baltimore last night in the rainy, cold weather specifically so we could go eat at Morimoto.  I made reservations for three people at the sushi bar at 9:15p.  The hostess on the phone told me that there might be a "little" wait, but not more than 15-20min.  Fine.  
Jump ahead to 8:45p - we arrive early, expecting to go up to the lounge for some drinks while we waited for our reservation.  9:15p comes, and we ask about our seats - we're told that it will be a little longer.  Fine.
Jump ahead to 10:00p - we ask a waitress to check on our table, as it's now been 45 min. since our reservation - she never comes back.  We then ask a different server the same question - she comes back about 15 min. later to tell us that our seats still aren't available.  
At this point, one would think that the server/hostess would have the sense to at least offer us peanuts and the option maybe to sit at an actual table, if the sushi bar is over-crowded.  Of the three hostesses hovering around the hostess stand, their combined brain cells could not come up with any alternative options or consolation items.  We saw people in the lounge, who were seated well after us, being led to their tables/seats before us.  
After paying our $78 check (for 4 drinks) and being told several times that we would have to wait "a little longer," we finally decided to leave.  The food is good at Morimoto, but there's no restaurant where the food is worth waiting over one hour, especially when you have a reservation.  It was like a Seinfeld episode - what's the point of a reservation?!  
Word to the wise - if you want good sushi, there are better places than Morimoto; if you want good martinis/drinks, there are better places than Morimoto; if you want omakase, it's worth trying once at Morimoto, but you are a sucker if you get it again & again - the whole point of omakase is that the menu should be created on the day of w/ the freshest ingredients specific to that day - Morimoto's omakase is a cookie-cutter menu with slight variations (i.e.: maybe they give you hamachi instead of toro).  
On our way out, my friend complained one of the vapid, brainless hostesses, who did nothing but say "I'm sorry." Yes, you should be sorry - you just lost 3 customers!WHY MORIMOTO ISN'T WORTH THE $$$!
First, let me say that the food is solid and the positive reviews of the food are largely accurate.   We are frequent high end diners (largely for work) and Morimoto certainly aspires to top end status.   The strengths are many:
- A hip dining room that provides an energetic dining environment.
- Fresh fish and creative dishes that distinguish Morimoto from the average Japanese restaurant
- Solid wait staff that is knowledgeable and attentive without being "snooty". 
In the end, however, Morimoto is a restaurant that just misses, tempts but ultimately disappoints.   We sampled the omakase menu with two variants--one for frequent returnees and one for newcomers.  Both have a mix of sushi dishes with cooked dishes and in general, the sushi dishes were excellent.  The cooked dishes, ranging from lamb to various fishes, are a step below Nobu's and other top end sushi restaurants from around the country.   Flavors tended to be more plain and somehow lacked the distinctivness to make these entrees memorable.   Dessert was the weakest link in the chain-- a chocolate torte that could have been ordered at any neighborhood cafe.   A disappointing finish to what should have been an opportunity to shine. 
The final disappointment was the service at the front desk.  The staff lost a $150 scarf of one person in our party and the parking valet was AWOL for nearly 15 minutes.  Although the valet is not affiliated with the restaurant, the customer experience is inextricably linked.  Unfortunately, the front desk staff completely disowned responsibility for this which is not appropriate for a restaurant in this price range.   The general manager offered to pay for the scarf which was a nice gesture and appreciated.  But, in combination with the poor valet parking service, left a bad taste in our mouth.  
Morimoto represents a solid effort in fusion Japanese cuisine.  But, it still ranks a level below Nobu, Sushi at Gari (both in NYC) and is less satisfying than many other restaurants in Philadelphia.   At the $150 per person price range, I'd try elsewhere.Booked reservations and was seated promptly. Ordered a bunch of different things to try. I've had  the best sushi in Japan and so far nothing comes close, even when I went to high end sushi bars in New York it still failed in comparison. So because of that I stuck mainly w appetizers. Because I like to judge sushi restaurants by their o toro fatty tuna I ordered that here in morimoto and not surprisingly it was not anywhere near the quality I had in Japan. After that I mainly went apps. The aged wagyu beef was tender and melts in your mouth. My favorite however was the grilled eel and foie gras with green apples. The flavored are in perfect harmony and complemented each other so well. The sweet and tartness of the green apple really cut thru the fatty texture of the eel and foie gras. By far my favorite. Pork belly w grits was disappointing, was dry and uneventful for me. For dessert I tried the tres leches green tea which is a misnomer because there wasn't three milk. In fact it was just dry green tea cake w ice cream. Wasn't impressed with that either . Overall sushi was average, apps were hit or miss, and dessert was a fail.
Food 3
Service 5
Price 2
Overall 3Oh, yes! I got the tasting menu and I had a three and a half hour food-gasm. It was bit loud, but the service and food were top-notch. The only bad thing was my Wife had to sit there and watch me eat.Morimoto's sushi is artistic and memorable. It's adorned with rare fruits - like the Japanese mountain peach - which kind of looks like a giant raspberry with a taste between a raspberry and a peach. All the dishes were artistic. The changing lights inside the restaurant also make it interesting. I have to say my favorite thing about it is just the artistry and the thought that goes into each of a lot of the dishes... I love this place.
Update went here in 2009 and just love the different tastes. Recommend the Carpaccio, both the whitefish and the wagyu beef - love the thin slicing and the oil (sesame+?) and yuzu soy. The oysters with their three sauces were delectable. The lemon butter sauce on the seafood toban yaki was memorable. Recommend the oh-toro despite the price tag. We also had uni, yellowtail tartare (like the caviar topping), coffee jelly.My girlfriend, her father, his girlfriend, and I sat down for a very good meal at the Iron Chef's eponymous restaurant.  The first thing you'll notice is the stunning interior of glass blocks, uplighting, and stark white seating.  I was pretty familiar with the menu from reading various reviews, so I knew what I wanted to order.  In total we tried:
Morimoto Sashimi, Pork Kakuni, Morimoto Ramen Soup, kobe ishi bop, the new york strip, the miso cod, and the seafood sampler.  
The morimoto sashimi was my favorite item.  You put your sushi selection in the hands of the chef and I was not disappointed in the least.  O-Toro, bluefin tuna, hamachi, salmon, and softshell crab.  There were two sauces (a pesto and a red pepper) and the bluefin was served with guacamole that was amazing.  
The entrees, in all honesty, were a bit of a let down.  The miso cod was decent, if a bit too sweet, the steak was a bit overdone, the ishi bop was a cool presentation but tasted like standard fried rice.  The seafood medley was actually very good.  
I can't review this place without talking about the cocktails.  They were super expensive, super tasty, but also very, very light on the alcohol.  That was a bit of a bummer. 
The service was phenomenal.  Some of the best in the city.  
If cost is not an issue, I'd definitely rate it as one of the best in the city.  But, for most people, cost is an issue and you can eat at any number of places in the city (Zento's chef worked at Morimoto for the better part of a year) for far less money.Had New Year's Eve dinner with the wife here . We ordered a few different sushi rolls , all fresh and excellent as well as the wasabi fried rice (excellent) and the shrimp tempura (amazing) but my fav dish was the "10 hour pork" .. Best pork dish I have ever eaten and it's not even close. Tender, and porky in the best way possible .. It is a must try when visiting. Wife ordered an amazing dessert to end the meal and I gotta say I can't wait to go back .. Exceeded all expectations ..Best meal I've ever had! My wife and I went here for the first time two years ago. We split the $80 and $120 Omikasa menu, and everything we had was just amazing. I've held every great dinner I've had since to it, and no one has taken the title. I was happy that Morimoto was there preparing the food himself, but when I returned from the bathroom to find him in my seat chatting up my wife, I had to kick the Iron Chef back to the kitchen.
We returned the following year for lunch and it was good and less expensive but didn't compare to the dinner the year before.
My advice is if your gonna go go big and enjoyThe price is worth it. You will never want sub-par sushi ever again. If you are early there is a great little bar upstairs with happy hour from 5 -7Morimoto's was so very good. I was surprised to see some of the negative reviews on here.
Our server (whose name I don't know because he didn't give it to us) was very attentive and personable. He made suggestions, but didn't force them upon us. I had the Sparkling Pear as my cocktail and my husband had the Morimoto Rogue Hazelnut. I was peeved to see the 100% upmark on the Rogue just for putting Morimoto on the label, but I digress.
We started with Rock Shrimp Tempura and Hamachi. The Rock Shrimp was divine, but the portion was HUGE for an appetizer. I wish we'd known. The shrimp was perfectly fried and had a nice kick at the end. Yum. The hamachi melted in your mouth like butter. The flavor was light, sweet, with a hint of BAM due to the jalapeno.
For an entree, I had the Surf and Turf. The kobe was juicy and flavorful. It wasn't overseasoned, so I was able to taste the flavor of the meat. It came with a side of hamachi. The portions were perfect. My hubs had the Black Cod Miso. The fish was flaky and tender, but a little too sweet for me.
And finally, for dessert... the Mary Jane Brownies. I liked it and I didn't. The hemp seeds were an odd flavor for me, but the brownie itself was rich and fudgy. A perfect slice of chocolate goodness.The food was exceptional but the server was just okay. I wish my server was the person who was helping me in the bar area. My biggest gripe is that I called ahead and mentioned I was celebrating a birthday and no candle on my dessert. Wished I didn't order the dessert because it wasn't a standout compared to my main courses. One of my favorite reasons to go out on my birthday is for the candle. I know childish but hey let me have my moment.If you have read the reviews & don't believe the hype become a believer!  This place is excellent!  We stopped in at Morimoto's at lunch last week, a group of approximately 6 people.  The wait staff was excellent, very friendly, willing to explain the lunch options, tasting options, what was included with each lunch item, etc.  
The sushi was to die for, everything was fresh.  I went for something pretty standard, spicy tuna & philly roll - both were awesome.  My coworkers had the lunch sets which they raved about.  The time in & out the door wasn't all that fast, but the sushi was fresh & the atmosphere was pretty awesome, so we didn't mind chatting for a bit while waiting for lunch.very trendy, very pricy sushi joint. sushi and deserts were creative and well-done, but seemingly overpriced. and our waiter was trying so hard to up our bill, we felt almost uncomfortable. one can only eat so much sushi and desert in one night!  also the room though creatively decorated bounced noise all around, so it was hard to hear.  we sat at the sushi bar and a vent above us leaked water down onto my arm.  this place seemed to have such a high opinion of itself, it forgot it has to try to impress its customers.If you are looking for regular Japanese fare then this is not the place to go.  The dishes are Japanese but with an added touch that makes it Morimoto unique.  I know of Morimoto from the Iron Chef TV show and had to come here to see what the hype was about and if the cooking was really that good.  Needless to say, i was not disappointed.  It was also very nice chatting with Chef Morimoto while waiting for my meal.  Definitely go for the Omakase, you won't be disappointed.I was so excited to be in Philadelphia to go to this restaurant !! I saw Mr.  Morimoto on Iron Chef so many times and I was dying to try his creations. The interior is very modern and beautiful. The flavor was great ... loved the sashimi, tartare, sushi, and the rolls ... Now I'm so far away that I yearn to return. I recommend this restaurant 100 percent.I was here for my birthday in September. This review is very overdue, but it deserves a one. Morimoto's restaurant has a special place in my heart because 1) it was one of the first restaurants I tried in Philadelphia and 2) I got to have my birthday dinner here.
So plan on spending $$$ and go for the Omakase. Here is what we had for $85 a person:
Hamachi tartare
Carpaccio--very nice oil and ponzu sauce on top
Sashimi salad--perfectly balanced miso dressing
Raspberry soda intermezzio--soo tasty, served to cleanse the palate 
Seared scallops with plum sauce--searing is a skill
Duck prepared slightly rare with kimchee--probably least impressed with this dish, but it was still delicious 
Sashimi--fresh, but felt that the chef was a little heavy handed on wasabi
Not perfect, but definitely deserves 5 stars!Wow Wow Wow.
The setting was like inside Xanadu. Wavy walls with an equally wavy wooden ceiling, with amazing lighting. Decor was pretty modern, and it felt like the entire place was inside of a submarine, but not in a claustrophobic way.
I sat at the sushi bar, which which had about 20 seats. A nice touch was that the stock was kept in cases that didn't inhibit the view to the 5+ chefs creating the masterpieces. 
The service was friendly, professional, and unobtrusive. Everything was very classy without being stuffy.
I ordered the 7 course Omakase tasting menu, with the Sake selections. I was able to talk throughout the meal with the chef, who was more than happy to discuss how the stock was sourced, etc. 
The food was sublime, it seemed that I wanted just one more taste of every dish. Each of the 7 courses was paired with a different Sake, and each complimented the other perfectly. I started with a Oh-toro mouse, then oysters, then a warm sashimi, then a cool one. A palate cleanser followed. Next up was the fish course- half of a grilled lobster, followed by the meat course- Wagyu (Kobe Beef). A sushi course came after that- 5 pieces of different fishes, followed by a dessert course. Every dish was gorgeous to look at, and contained many exotic and special ingredients. 
I added a plum Sake at the end of the meal, and left sated, but not at all stuffed. 
Overall, one of my top five dining experiences.As far as great goes, this is IT.  I don't think that this restaurant could ever warrant a bad review.  The first time I went was with my best friend.  We drove from NY to Philadelphia just to try it, being huge Iron Chef fans.  We ate the omakase, which was definately the best choice for Morimoto virgins.  The chefs will select specially prepared dishes that are sure to excite and satisfy any palate.  The service is wonderful, as well as the ambience.  You will definately not be disappointed.  Though the prices may seem daunting, you do not have to opt for the omakase.  There are plenty of options for you to choose from, all of which are incredible.  Even so, you will not regret one cent spent on such a memorable and fantastic experience.The sushi was phenomenal--fresh tasty peices of fish and the chefs combination platter introduced me to new types I had never tried. The appetizers were ordered (10 hour cooked porkbelly and white fish carpaccio) were also excellent. The signature brewed beer was also tasty. 
All in all, the food was a 5. But the dining experience more like a 3...taking the average I will give it a 4. 
The decor in morimoto is unique and interesting. They play up their long narrow space and you feel like you're in a seashell. pretty cool. 
Except, in the middle of each table is an immobile pillar lamp that looks like a big white, glowing dildo. For our 2 person table, it monopolized the center of the table and made it difficult to share food. AND it is bright enough and directly in your face so it actually hurt my eyes to look at the person sitting across from me. After one or two of those tasty beers, my boyfriend and I decided the appropriate solution was to drape a napkin over it. 
Finally, my waiter sounded like a douchey announcer from 'most extreme elimination challenge.'
So, in sum....GREAT food but avoid a 2 person table at all costs!Had dinner with my boss there a few nights ago. Great ambiance and attention to detail and our waiter was very knowledgeable and good. 
We both had the Omakase or chef's menu paired with Omakase sake menu. Both were really good with a few standouts on the menu. The toro tartar, Kobe filet and the lobster. All of the sake on the menu was very good and smooth with varying characteristics. Although I enjoyed the Omakase menu if were to go back I would probably try items on the a la carte menu based on my experience with the Omakase menu. 
It wasn't my best meal ever but overall a good experience and opportunity to eat at one of the "iron chef's" restaurants.Morimoto is a great Japanese restaurant. I ordered a sushi roll and the waygu beef. I highly recommend the sushi and the beef--they were both delicious. My friend and I also split the grilled asparagus side. The service was kind and fast. The only negative thing I would say about our experience is that the restaurant is poorly labeled from the outside and the doors have a weirdly tinted glass so it was hard to find. But we enjoyed the food and service nonetheless!A scintillating, memorable dining experience all in all. We went all-out to celebrate a birthday and went with the $120 omakase tasting menu and then ended up sharing the $65 beverage omakase to pair with it. This was a huge splurge for us but turned out to work beautifully in the end.
Highlights were a delicious whitefish carpaccio that was incredibly tender with delicate soy-ginger flavors that melted on the tip of your tongue. The kobe beef was a first for us-- each mouthful was like a little slice of heaven. And the fresh sushi was really fine fish that rounded out the meal very nicely. Also the chocolate torte dessert  with corn mousse was not as bad as a lot of other reviewers are claiming-- that was a great end to the meal. 
The secret weapon to the entire meal was definitely the beverage omakase. We debated getting it and ended up splitting it between two people, which was just enough for us-- our waitress even split each drink into two glasses for us. The mix of wines, champagne, and sake complimented each course to a T and definitely enhanced the flavors.
Overall, this was an unbelievable meal (notwithstanding some annoying kids at the table next to us). Certainly pricey and not a lot of food in the end, but the quality and ingredients were top notch. I would recommend the tasting menu for a special occasion to get the best that morimoto has to offer.