Came here for my birthday dinner and it was amazing and very romantic.The atmosphere is also amazing. The service was great. The only problem I had was that we got there late and the Philadelphia roll I ordered was a bit hard like they gave us the hard rice that's been in the sitting in rice pot all day. But I looked pass that. For my meal I ordered the steak and lobster. They made it perfect.  So I had a great birthday dinner there.Decent casual food parading itself as fine dining. Moshulu is a novelty restaurant with a nice atmosphere for folks not interested in challenging cuisine. 
We started with the calimari and shrimp cocktail. The calamari were well-executed, but very lackluster in flavors. The taste was primarily of bread crumbs. The balance of flavors in the dish was off. 
The shrimp cocktail came with massive shrimp, but they were particularly flavorful or well-executed. They tasted like they'd sat around cooked since the morning. The cocktail sauce was an interesting blend of cranberry and chili sauce that I did find unique and pleasant, albeit outshined by the lack of flavor in the shrimp. 
My main course, the swordfish topped with short rib, sounded awesome. Alas, it was not. The swordfish was over-executed by 15-20 degrees leaving it dry and unpleasantly fibrous and sticky to the tooth on the bite. The short rib, likewise, was overcooked and dry and stringy with very little of the unctuous juicy fat that characterizes a well-executed version of the cut. 
For dessert we ordered the Ice Cream Brownie for two. The ice cream and whipped cream atop were pleasantly smooth and sugary. However, the brownie was dry and chalky. Very unpleasant.I love this restaurant! They have great appetizers and make good drinks. I enjoy the inside of the boat and going onto the top deck especially in the summer when you can sit outside and enjoy a nice drink. I also think the service is superb!I went here for dinner in December---the food was average (the pre-dinner bread was memorably bad), my filet mignon was very salty, but our after dinner coffee was delicious.  We ate on a slant which was the only thing that reminded me we were on a boat and not just a musty Charlie Brown's.Our food server was very gracious, but the food and drinks were less than expected. The calamari was too salty and the PLT bread tasted like it was thrown together without any meaningful tasteful purpose. My dirty martini tasted more like olive juice. On the upside, the salmon entry was tasty. It was simply too expensive for the quality of food.Going to Moshulu is a delicious and unique experience.
The food was excellent. I started with the Tuna Crab Roll which was pretty good, but not nearly the star of the show. For my entree I chose the All-Natural Fried Chicken. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the grits were well seasoned. I finished the meal by trying a few desserts, including the Chocolate Luxe Layer Cake and the Moshulu Signature Sundae, which were both fantastic.
The atmosphere has some pros and cons. The ship is beautiful and (if seated in the right spot) provides some nice views. However, we sat at a table toward the middle of the ship, and we were slanted on an incline, which was a bit uncomfortable. The service was friendly and attentive, and while the food is delicious, it's a bit overpriced.
Moshulu is a great choice for a special occasion and some great food.The setting on the Delaware River is nice, but that is all there is to recommend this restaurant.  The restaurant décor is dated.  The menu is pretentious.  The meals were nothing special.  The hostess had an attitude.  My wife and I were placed at a table that should not have been used.  We were in a room with a party of 30, who were celebrating a 50th anniversary.  They were extremely loud and it essentially ruined our night out.  Our server did acknowledge the situation and comp'd our drinks, so nice job by him.Went here for a special anniversary. Food was great, service was great. Was pricey but well worth it.Rolls were goods as well as salads and the crab mac and cheese. It s a nice place to have a nice dinner in phillyGreat lobster bisque at the bar of the Moshulu.  Very good served by friendly staff.  This place is unique and feels historic.Never had the food here, but I assume they don't have many vegan option. However, I did attend a dance party on the deck once and it was really fun!The atmosphere is REALLY cool. That is probably the best part. We went for lunch and wish I could have come during dinner time as they have a live band. It seems like an upscale restaurant, so it was a little odd they served water in plastic cups, but I'm not picky about things like that. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and the portion was very small so that was disappointing. They also serve it with a tomato sauce and olives. Those were very good. For lunch, I ordered the shrimp pasta with tomato sauce and spinach. It was supposed to come with Parmesan cheese. It didn't really bother me enough to ask for some. The shrimp was delicious- very tender. The rest of the meal was nothing spectacular. Just noodles, sauce and spinach. All in all, the atmosphere is what really makes this place what it is.Stopped in for a drink at the bar over the holiday weekend - I have to say the bartenders were some of the worst I've experienced in Philly. I guess it would have helped if I was young, cute and not a guy or if you didn't have a kid with you! 
You would think that at least one of four male bartenders would notice someone new sitting at a half empty bar or a women wanting to see a menu to order food for her kid! I watched a couple come in and sit at the bar and after a few minutes watching several bartenders walk right past them finally wave their hands in the air to get someone's attention. 
I waited almost 5 minutes to get a beer and had to stop a bartender to get my empty glass refilled (and, by the way, would it have killed you to give me a new   glass instead of refilling my empty?) Not once did any of them ask if I wanted anything or if I wanted to see a menu. I did notice that they did check in on several young ladies frequently. 
Can't speak to how good or bad the food is but based on the service received trying to get a beer I think I'll pass on trying to get any food. 
I'm giving it two stars which isn't really fair since I only experienced the service at the deck bar. The restaurant may deserve a better review. It's unlikely I'll give it a try though. Too many great places to enjoy to give them a second chance to disappoint!This is one star is for the top deck view. Food is ok but the service was really bad. Ordered the seafood platter and truffle fries. Fries were cold when served, asked the server to put in a new order and she warmed the same fries and got it back. Would not recommend this place at allI absolutely hated this place! I went there with high hopes and great expectations for the place. The staff is very low class and unprofessional. They constantly chat with one another about their own lives instead of worrying about their customers. They messed up my order and gave us wrong items. The prices are also not what you see in the menu, so either the menu isn't updated or you just order what you like with the expectation that it will be at the cost that you see in the menu. I was completely disregarded during my visit there and had to wait a very long time for a very simple order that should by no means take a long time to complete. The staff completely pays no attention to the place either, it's not just the customers who are getting such treatment, as I had noticed how dirty the place was and no one had even bothered to clean up the mess that previous customers around the different tables had created. I'm assuming that a change of either staff or management could get this place up and running properly. The only thing I enjoyed while I was there was my view. Hopefully it won't be the case if I ever decide to change my mind and visit again.The parking lot charged a $15. fee. Really! Ok, I got over that and into the restaruant we went.
Bottomless Mimosas are nice but really good food and great variety is absolutely essential. However, that is not what we found. 
Nothing flowed together either. There was a tasty lobster bisque that should have been stationed next to fresh shucked oysters and maybe even some inexpensive flying fish roe and paddle fish cavier and cold shrimp. That could have been next to crab benedict and then the omlet station and then the waffle station. But then, sadly, only my minds eye saw that. 
Could someone explain just what Lo Mein was doing next to lox and bagles? Then lets talk about the almost inedible dry chicken and the bland salmon!
If there was a reason to go, gads and unless they improve the brunch menu main courses, it would be for the atmosphere and the desert table. Creme brulee to die for and the service which was impecable! Aside from that, not so much.
I'm out of space but you get the idea.Reservations were made well in advance. We are normally early eaters so a 6:30 dinner time on a Holiday weekend Friday was not an issue. It seemed as though we were finishing our service at the time this place got hopping.
I personally loved that I never heard any of the staffs conversations except when they spoke to us directly and the only voices I heard were that of guests. This made it extremely quite and romantic. Dinner was superb!! The salmon was cooked to absolute perfection and the mac and cheese side was to die for. Dessert was Banana crime brûlée, we couldn't get enough of it!!
Perfect dinner with a beautiful view of the river!The evening started out nice decent table and view. We ordered the pan roasted chicken and Thai steak salad. We also ordered truffle fries as an appetizer. Fries never came so we told the waitress to cancel the fries. The salad was supposed to come with mango and avocado, but both were missing. Our food was served not by our waitress, and what most would do is ask if everything came out well, but she did not do that. We finally asked and got the avocado and mango on the side and it was just thrown in two bowls...terrible presentation. The mango looked like it came from a can. The avocado was slightly brown. And the only time we really got great service was when we asked for the check and paid, then the service was fast. For being a highly rated establishment the service was terrible, and the chef needs to learn the menu recipes. Would not recommend Moshulu. Chic-fil-a is more courteous.I went to HH on the top deck of the boat and had a wonderful time. 
The staff was great and informative on the menu. Everyone seemed really happy from workers to guests. 
We got the red sangria and it was a perfect thing to cheers to the sunset on the water. 
The location is awesome! Not far from Spruce Park!Had a fantastic meal with great service. I think that alone would bring me back. Being on the water was awesome and the picture ops were great. My only complaint would be it feels dated, I know it's old but like the plastic that is used for the upper dining room is very cloudy and dingy looking. The carpet needs updating, things like that.One of the best food experiences to date. Don't judge me, but I'm going to list everything i tried and loved. First, I loved the salad and salad dressing. I must have been fresh and handmade. I had crab cakes with filet mignon on top. I cut my steak with a fork and the crab cake was all crab. I also had the bakes salmon with this spicy horseradish sauce. I could rub that thing on anything. The desserts, they were so adorable and taste like little heavenly clouds. One of my best food experiences ever. 
Oh, the service was excellent as well. Perfect customer service.We made reservations for my sister's birthday dinner on October 10. It was a awful experience the service was horrible we had to wait on drinks 10 minutes if not more, the appetizers took forever. They had a wedding event upstairs so he was a whole bunch of drunk people walking around then I try to go to the bathroom it was just disgusted dirty.. I just wish we would of had better experience especially all that money that we spend you would think we would get a 5 start service.When you first walk into the restaurant it smells moldy. The decor is ok, i think they need some renovation. 
I went there for dinner and i didn't know what to expect. The food was good. I only had one drink so i can't really comment on that. 
Appetizers: I've tried Kobe beef sliders, Steamed P.E.I. Mussels, and Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Tartare are all delicious. The artisan cheese plate is not that good to me. 
Entree: 16oz Prime Ribeye is tasty and the Wasabi crusted chilean sea bass is not that good. I usually love eating sea bass but i had to say i couldn't finish it and it is not a big piece!
And for dessert i had creme brulee it was ok. I had better.Loaded with history, the Moshulu is also loaded with great food, ambiance and service!
Dining on the deck or dining in the restaurant downstairs are totally different experiences, both for the menu choices, atmosphere and service!
Although, I still feel both are pleasant and good. I prefer the deck, for the casual light fare, sunshine and gazing. 
I have been there several times, since they reopened and I was quite pleased each time. 
I have had lunch on the deck and I have dined in the "dungeon". Now that I was not thrilled with, we were stuck way in the back and it was dark and claustrophobic, but the food and the service were impeccable.
 I LOVE their tortilla soup and the lobster bisque is very good. The filet and the pork medallions are awesome. The burger is memorable. 
They put a lot of thought and effort into their side dishes and the way they "dress" and compliment their entrees.
I have not tried the Sunday Brunch, but after reading the menu just now, that is a bargain, for what you get, for the price and it would be a great way to sample their food without dealing out the big bucks! I always left there quite happy and I know I will return in the near future. 
Food is awesome! Service is Grand! I am Happy!Surpassed my expectations.  
My lovely boyfriend decided to take me here for Valentine's Day.  While I was apprehensive about the experience, I was super touched.  
I was worried the Moshulu would be an an over-priced dinner that was just subpar.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The place could definitely use a spruce, and it did feel a little old, but I was impressed with the food.
The menu is overwhelming in that nothing jumps out as a must try.  Luckily we had an excellent waiter (Chris??) who was able to steer us in the right direction.  B had the watercress salad which was actually a potato filled with amazingly succulent braised short-rib.  Very yummy.  I started with a lobster bisque which was creamy and delicious.  
For dinner, we both had steaks and split mac and cheese and the winter veggies.  All excellent.  Dessert was a chocolate dessert, which wasn't anything amazing, but definitely hit the spot. 
Of course, the meal was expensive, but all and all I thought it was a really nice experience.   The servers were great, meal was nicely paced and it was basically everything you could ask for on a Valentine's Date.  
I do, however, think the Moshulu is resting on its laurels and could definitely shake it self upI must admit I was pleasantly surprised.  It was my birthday and I have a bad track record for birthday dining, so I intentionally chose a place where my expectation level was low. Besides, we had a Groupon that was expiring that day anyway.  The ship is as beautiful as always. I requested a booth with a view of the water and mentioned it was my bday in my Open Table booking.  We were happily seated in the exact spot I had hoped for, but about 15 minutes after our reservation.  We headed to the bar for a cocktail while we waited.  The poor bartender was completely in the weeds and her bar back was totally incapable of helping her.  Does Groupon not track outstanding Groupon sales for restaurants?  Twice we have arrived at restaurants on "Groupon expiration day" only to find them woefully understaffed for the onslaught of procrastinating diners.  The food was really good.  The foie gras app was amazing, and I ordered the scallops which were seared perfectly.  He had the ribeye, rare and that was just how it was cooked.  By far, the best thing we ordered was a side of potatoes cooked in duck fat.  I would go there just for those.  They are out of this world! We order a small pasta app that was so dull I can't even remember what it was called.  When we mentioned this to our server he said "if I had had more time with you I would have suggested something else."  Seriously?  How much time would have taken to say....get the ahi Tuna it's so much better?  Either way it was still lovely.  We did not order dessert, but they brought me a small scoop of cherry sorbet with a candle when we asked for the check so that was a really nice touch.  I would definitely go back, but a few other notes.  Parking is $15, a total rip-off.  If you can handle the two block hike, I'd suggest parking near front street.  The wine list is INSANELY expensive.  Grayson Cellars for $60? That is just ridiculous.  The entrees really don't come with anything so you are forced to order side dishes to share which are also pretty pricey.  When the bartender can finally get to you, she makes a mean dirty martini!  I'm definitely keeping this place in the rotation, but I'll need another Groupon/Living social/gift certificate etc, to offset the cost of my wine and side dishes!Meh. Cool ship that part I am totally in agreement with the other reviews. But food and price are at a big disparity. I don't mind paying $23 for a burger if that burger is INSANELY amazing. This burger was more like a $5 burger... Sloppily made, too much sauce that had minimal flavor, cold fries on the side... And the service, disorganized, didn't know the menu... Perhaps they were new?
There were 8 of us with a $420 bill ... I just found this price for subpar food to be a big disappointment. 
That said, I would come back and sit at the bar on the top deck and have a few drinks.this is one of those places u know about, it would be nice to check it out, but you almost kind of need a special occasion to go. well i finally went last night and it's actually quite nice inside. i mean some may describe it as tacky, but it's old-fashioned upscale boat decor...what do you expect? with it's ornate rugs, burgundy and brown tones, heavy oak trimmings, there is nothing modern about this restaurant, and i feel that's part of the charm.
our seat was right next to a window that overlooks the delaware river, towards camden (it's a much nicer view then that sounds). it reminded me of having dinner aboard a cruise....looking out onto blue water, it's actually a very romantic place. we came during dinner but i can envision having brunch there and looking onto the river on a nice sunny day. 
for dinner we had the hawaiian tuna tartare & crispy asian shrimp in aioli sauce. they were both very tasty. the tuna had the perfect kick of wasabi & the crispy shallots added nice texture AND flavor. i am a big fan of aoili sauce and the shrimp did not disappoint. perfectly cooked, and the breading was light but still crispy. it sat on a bed of shredded vegetables that were lightly tossed in a citrus vinaigrette, which brightened up the fried shrimp. for entrees we had the herb crusted rainbow trout & berkshire pork tenderloin. the trout was flavorful and the pork which they cook sous vide (vacuum sealed, low temp) was so tender. i am not a fan of yams...so however it tasted may have been wasted on me. for dessert we got the banana creme brulee and moshulu coupe. the bananas overpowered the creme brulee a bit much. it was like eating banana pudding. the moshulu coupe came out in a fluke, with layers of peanuts, cream, ice cream, cake, pecans- u name it.  was good the 1st few bites, but the there was too much cream concentrated at the top that you can't make it all the way without getting sick of the sugar. maybe of two people shared it...
overall, not bad. i may come back for brunch. maybe.I'm so stoked that this place hasn't changed. The food and service are still top notch. Thanks Chris and Fernando for the excellent service and experience. My wife is stoked and so is our entire crew. Will definitely recommend and be back. You guys rule!Food was good and priced accordingly.  Atmosphere is very unique. The only down side which I experienced was my waitress. Had to ask other staff where she was for drink refills, her attitude was poor and she acted like everything was  cumbersome to her. She never asked once how our meals were and just disappeared.  It's a shame how much her service  affected the outcome of the meal. To me, service is key when spending a couple hundred dollars and makes a huge difference in the overall experience.This restaurant has a great history along with Philadelphia's rich history, so I had high expectations to be honest. The experience itself is what really makes the restaurant worthwhile. Like you're eating on a boat!! It's definitely the type of restaurant to go to if you want to feel fancy!
Yet, I wasn't impressed with the food. It definitely looked upscale, but didn't taste it. We ordered the lamb sliders, veal milanese, swordfish, and creme brulee. I would say the tastiest dish we had was the swordfish. I think it's definitely worth coming to for the beauty of the boat, but not the food.Dosn't it turn into a club at some point?
I was here once last year when they had a party and it was an amazing venue. I wonder how the moshulu club thing works?i cant say anything about the food - but this place has kick ass dance parties!!!! DJdeejay does awesome michael madonna price soundtracks. if u sign up in advance you get in for 7 bucks and you get free beer for an hour! fun times on the boat!Food was absolutely incredible and plated beautifully. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Eaten alone it seemed a little underwhelming, but with the sauce underneath, it was perfection. Atmosphere was romantic and beautiful. Service was really wonderful.My husband and I haven't been here in years so we decided to go brunch. The smoked salmon was delicious! The desserts looked delicious but I was too stuffed to eat them!! Our server Lark, was very attentive and pleasant.  We will definitely come back to dine at night.Great food, drinks ok ordered the sushi tasted fantastic creme Brûlée for desert Carmel alittle burnt but overall great dining experience. Our server Lisa very nice what I liked the most is we had a main server and other servers came over and assisted when needed. The hostess that seated us was a guy ,great personality and well dressed he helped set the tone for the meal. Would definitely come back. They were ALL fantastic Jessy, Jerry and our main server Lisa .One star for the friendly bartender on the deck. One star for the gorgeous ship itself and one star for our one server who seemed nice. Negative a star for paying $23 for a bowl of crab mac and cheese. And minus another star for the blatant rudeness of our other server when we nicely asked for utensils to eat the overpriced mac and cheese with. The fact that they auto-grated the mac and cheese made me laugh even harder. If you dont want to have events like painting groups then just dont. Its better that you not overcharge and give snotty service than do an event half arsed. They lost a customer who was just thinking of coming back for a few dinner date nights with her husband not to mention a longstanding brunch date with some girlfriends.Absolutely livid at the unprofessionalism of this restaurant. My parents came to town for the first time and were very excited to come to the coolest restaurant in Philly (on a clipper ship, seems pretty cool!). I made a reservation through opentable and they called a few days before to confirm the reservation.
Took an uber accross the city because we planned on having a few drinks. My parents don't eat seafood but were excited for ordering steak and the ambiance. Arrived and was shocked to see only the price fixed menu was available.... for $125 a person!!!! On top of that the menu was predominantly seafood.
I asked if would be possible to order not price fixe, but was told no. I was never informed of this on Opentable nor when I received a reminder call. We walked out of the restaurant!
On Valentine's Day weekend it was impossible to get into any other decent restaurant. We ended up eating wings at a bar.
Great impression on my family from out of town. I will certainly not be returning.Horrible brunch!  Save your money- if you are looking for a high end brunch buffet  this is not your place.  Try Waterworks or Lacroix.  Only one seafood dish on the whole spread (strange considering it was on a boat).  Omelet station served runny uncooked eggs.  20% gratuity added for a party of 2.  Repeatedly had to ask for coffee.  There was not one memorable dish- yet we walked away paying $100 for brunch.My boyfriend and I came here back in February. It was so amazing!  The atmosphere was incredible and the service was excellent. My boyfriend cut himself as we were walking out and the staff went searching for a bandage for him. 
I enjoyed tilapia while my boyfriend had the duck. It was so delicious and I wanted to savor every last bite.
For desert we had the red velvet and chocolate cake with pecans on the top! Absolutely incredible!  
We were the last patrons at the restaurant and not once did we feel rushed. It was great. I will definitely dine here again in the future.Second week in a row for brunch I'm very disappointed! They advertise Bottomless Mimosas, Peach Bellini's, Poinsettias, and Bloody Mary's. Because of the lack of planing or ordering the necessary stock you only have two options today, Bloody Mary's and Mimosas. Finally they removed the sandwich I raved about last week! When simple and standard drink and brunch menu items such as a Bellini are not available there is a MAJOR PROBLEM !!Moshulu. This place is all around fantastic. The food is excellent, the service is excellent, the atmosphere, also, excellent.  5 stars. Always.
I've been here a total of 4 times now, with 4 different dates, and every time has been memorable. Yes, I'm one to drop a significant amount of $ on a night out on the town, and no where to eat in Philly more classy, delicious, and to get your money's worth then Moshulu. First of all, you're on a boat, a very nice boat, which is on the Delaware river making for the best atmosphere and view...especially if you spend time on the top deck. My favorite entree is the filet mignon which is the best filet mignon I've ever had. I've also had the flounder and crab cake which is also the best seafood i've had. The service every time (I believe I've had different waiters each time)..was professional, quick, very very friendly, and efficient.  They don't bug you too much, nor do they come too little. Just when you want another drink or more bread, they are there. 
It's expensive, but you do get the best food, atmosphere and fine-dining experience in Philly. Definitely worth a visit to the Moshulu for a great night out with a great date!This is a nice space to have a drink on the water on a warm sunny day.
It looks like an old pirate ship and is in a fun location at spruce street.
They don't have specialty cocktails, but have the basic full bar and you can grab some food to eat as well.Today was my friend's birthday and we made reservations for 7:30. We arrived about 15 minutes early, yet were seated 15 minutes late. We were hoping for a nice view of the river and the waterfront across from us but unluckily were seated next to the shore. It was understanding because tonight was a Saturday night. There was a wedding along with being Mother's day weekend, so we gave them a pass on that. Our server came at first and we ordered our appetizers. Those came on a timely manner and were pretty good. We ordered our main courses and an additional drink. Then it went downhill from there. Our server, Cordell, or whatever his name was, disappeared for some time. We asked another server where he went because the drink was taking so long. It must have been 25 minutes. He finally showed up and apologized because he was taking care of something with the manager. He got my husband the drink on the house for the long wait and brought back some random snack on the house as well to make up for the wait. The wait for our main courses continued. It was an additional 40 minutes wait by the time they came out. It's pretty bad when we start clock watching, and my friend started spinning his straw and steak knife. He wasn't looking very happy. I was about to just walk out and cancel our entrees but the ordered came as i put down my napkins. We ordered steaks and lamb, medium rare. It really shouldn't take that long for those. Everyone else around us was getting their food and some parties that were there after finished and were getting ready to leave by the time we got ours. The food was so so. Our server wasn't particularly attentive and didn't ask us much regarding how we were enjoying things. Dessert, again took around 20 minutes to get which is still unreasonable because that mousse cake and pecan tart are premade. It's not like they have to bake that stuff. We spent nearly $300 dollars and being my friend's birthday, they could have at least sung happy birthday or put a little candle on his dessert. I can say I called ahead and told them it was my friend's birthday and they hostess said that special things would happen. Not even a nice card (as other reviewers had mentioned on yelp) nor a "happy birthday" was written on our dessert plate. I can say the food was ok but the service sucks. We talked about coming back another less busy day at first but by the end of our experience, I can say this will be our first and last time here.Went there for dinner. Very nice for a ship! Ambiance is great, romantic. Be sure to go with someone who is not cheap, can appreciate something totally different from the norm & not afraid to try what's on the menu. The menu try must change occasionally, there are some things listed on the Yelp menu that were not on the menu. They also have specials not listed on the menu. Enjoyed!! Will return.
Be sure to look at the drink menu, had the Ship Wreck & St Jamison Lemonade, uuummm!!!!
Only thing parking is $15 & if you park on the street you have to feed the meter until midnight.Let me start of by saying the place wasn't bad.Went for lunch on a Saturday.
The food: lobster bisque was very good, buttery creamy and with a good amount of lobster bits.  I ordered the Caesar salad and my fiance got some sushi. the salad was unremarkable, 8 leaves of romaine with dressing and some tiny croutons.  The sushi was disappointing. Decent flavor but sloppily rolled.  This is what you get for ordering sushi anywhere but Umi.
The price: minus all three stars here.  Two of us with no drinks was about 60 for lunch.  Considering that they didn't cut my romaine our expertly roll the sushi, it felt pretty steep.  I guess you are paying a big premium to eat on a boat. I think it would have been fair at half the price.
The location: it is A really cool old tall ship, complete with gangplank and slanted decks.  Good views of the Ben Franklin bridge and Camden waterfront.  I have a strong feeling that the location is the only thing keeping this place open.
Overall I would not feel inclined to recommend Moshulu to othersAttention to detail on food here is fantastic. Service is fantastic. Great for lunch or dinner.My friends and I took our mommy-to-be friend here for brunch this morning. I made the reservation through open table without any problem...many were available. We were seated immediately, facing the water (like I asked in the comment section of our reservation). Our server was very nice and attentive. We ate the brunch buffet. There were many breakfast and lunch options at the buffet (from eggs to pasta to salad, etc). In addition to the buffet options, we were able to get cook to order omelets, pancakes, and French toast, which were included in the buffet price ($35 per person). Our server brought over sorbet on a plate with candles that said congratulations for our mommy-to-be, which was very nice and unexpected (I mentioned in the reservation that we were celebrating our friend but didn't say anything to the restaurant when we got there). We really enjoyed brunch and our mommy-to-be was very full/happy when she left.This place is historic, however it smells like a thrift shop. The only restroom is up a big flight of stairs, which has an elevator upon request( we are not in need so did not request). It is pretty expensive for the amount of food. However the quality is good. I order a salmon entree and it came out raw on the inside. Apparently that is how they cook it unless you specifically say you want a "cooked" salmon. That was new to me. Our waitress was really great, and even the manager was really great. However our over all experience was only a 3, due to the smell, the choices for Gluten few options and the under cooked and not acknowledged salmon. I ended up having  to wait with no food with My only other person in my party ate their food. Once my food came back the salmon was still only partially cooked but baked potato was burnt and dry. It was a decent experience but we will not be returning due to the price compared to experience.We went to Moshulu for New Year's Eve and though the view and atmosphere were wonderful, the food left a lot to be desired. The baked oysters were piled so high with sausage that the taste of the oysters were lost. The lobster bisque was decent enough, if tepid in temperature. The center cut filet was cooked perfectly, but had absolutely no flavor - there was a horrible lack of seasoning.
Considering the price point we would have expected far superior flavors and execution.
One point that was very much in their favor was our server (Adria?) She was excellent.I'll always have a special place in my heart for this restaurant as I got engaged here. However I came back today for my sister in laws birthday brunch. Bottomless mimosas, definitely a plus. The crab Mac and cheese is a MUST!! I I wish they had shrimp and grits as an option. 
Nice and different atmosphere.I rated it 2 stars for its brunch buffet. I've been there before for dinner and loved it. I decided to go this time for my wedding anniversary and found out the hard way that it was way less than impressive for brunch at 2:30pm. The options and variety were very poor for the price. It was mostly fruit, vegetables and pastries. I was able overhear other customers saying the same thing. 
My recommendation is to wait after 5:00pm and get dinner. Otherwise, you are better getting brunch at the local dinner... This is not even a joke... At the local dinner you would have paid for the whole family with what I paid at the Moshulu for one person.We stopped here for drinks and loved it. The place is so beautiful! The bar service was great. Our bartender was Mike and he was awesome. Really made you feel welcomed.Food was great...but place was very crowded and I was bit annoyed with unflat floor....This is one of those places where you end up paying for the ambiance more than the food. 
Shrimp cocktail was pretty good... Nice juicy shrimp. 
Crab cocktail was ok,  nothing special. 
The burger is not worth it,  don't let the kobe beef entice you,  there are better burgers to be eaten elsewhere at a third the price. 
The lobster was lobster,  but at a fancy place you would have thought that it would have been better prepared - probably messier than it should have been. 
The side of beets were delicious though with some cheese and grapefruit which went with the beets well. 
Also the asparagus was pretty dope,  but it's asparagus,  when is it not really.Came here on a Sunday brunch with 12 people. Obviously with a lot of people reservations were made ahead of time (definitely recommended). They sat us at the biggest table they claimed to have which was right in front of the piano. It was quite hard for us to hear each other and we requested to be moved somewhere else but then they said we would have had to be separated on different tables so we just dealt with it. After quite some time we kind of zoned it out.
1. First course was the smoked salmon. It was very good but I tried other people's tuna tartar and it was so good. Definitely recommended.
2. Main course I got the fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was fried perfectly but the grits on top of the waffles made it super soggy. I wish they provided syrup as well.
The dessert buffet was amazing! The cremee brulet and this chocolate mousse thing was amazing.
I would definitely recommend this place for brunch and will be coming back soon.  I had the swordfish and I must say I am a big fan. It was absolutely amazing!  Monday night is less crowded. I recommend during the week dinners anywhere.  Waiter was wonderful. Decor suits the place. 
Will go back.This is one of my favorite seafood restaurants so far! Looks very cool on a big ship so you can enjoy the pretty view from the deck while eating. Foods are good as well.Absolutely one of the best .. had an excellent time .. the lamb sliders are awesome. .. the truffle fries..need I say more .. the hand mixed cocktails are a bit pricey but make up for it in buzz. They had a dj spinning the onez and twos on the top deck bar he was a beast.. I'm impressed this is a very god date spotOne of the best experiences I've had in a restaurant in Philadelphia. Was there Friday evening for dinner. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and were set Starboard (overlooking the water) in no time. Our server Bob was phenomenal! I've never met anyone more knowledgeable about food, wine and the pairing of the two. The food was fantastic, specially the duck breast that was cooked to perfection, and the lobster bisque that I could not stop eating until it was all gone.
Highly recommended!Beautiful ship and what they've done inside with it - quite classy and I imagine it would be even more so after dark.  The food was good, and yes, a bit pricey - my husband and I each had 1 drink, split an app and both did dessert for a $150 tab.  The first thing to hit my mouth was the gin and tonic and it was really off.  Not sure how you can mess with a G&T but the tonic was bad, weak on the gin and the little sliver of lime wasn't the freshest.  Had to send it back even though I was really in the mood for a good G&T.  One of those places you definitely want to try if you like fine dining and unique atmosphere.  I think that would draw me back over the food.We came here for a work Christmas party, and had a great time! You can tell the boat is a bit dated and has that old 80's type decor, but that adds to it's charm. It does feel like you are a bit on a smaller version of the Titanic, which is also kind of cool. At the buffet I had the sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts, salmon and ravioli, all were really good. I also loved their mini dessert display, with the red velvet and pumpkin ones being my favorite. Upstairs they had karaoke, which was really fun. There are several areas on the boat, so if you are here with a work event everyone will be split up over multiple tables and rooms. This is a cool venue to try something different and have fun for a work function!My finance and I got engaged over Christmas and we already had a $50 Groupon for Moshulu so we decided to celebrate our engagement with a nice dinner out.  Plus I wanted him to check it out as a potential wedding venue.  I had been a few times for lunch and an event but he had never been.
We had a reservation during the week between Christmas and New Years.  It wasn't very crowded but we still had to wait for 15 minutes for our table plus other people who arrived after us were seated before us.  That didn't bother me to much, as I wanted to walk around a bit so he could see the space.  I suggested we get a glass of wine while were were waiting, since we were celebrating anyway.  The bar service seemed slow and he admitted to me afterward that he was annoyed we had to wait for a reservation. Apparently had I not suggested a cocktail he would not have bought one out of principle since he felt they purposely make us wait so that we would buy drinks.  As far as I can tell that was the only real negative of the evening.
Food:  Expecting it to be expensive, we were happy to have the Groupon. Even with the $50 certificate it was still about $150 pre-tip for  apps, dinner, dessert, another glass of wine each and a glass of port each.  I ordered the Moo Shu Chicken app which was delicious but more of a bbq bun than Moo Shu. He got the foie gras PBJ which he said was probably the best foie gras he'd ever had.  For dinner I ordered the Diver Scallops with autumn roasted veggies.  It was very good, all the flavors melded together very well.  The veggies were more crunchy for roasted than I expected. I don't mind crunchy veggies but some people might think of them as undercooked.   He ordered the Ribeye, medium rare, with a side of the duck fat potatoes.  Personally, I like my steaks more well done unless I'm sure it will be a good cut and served properly.  I tried a piece and it was melt in your mouth delicious. My finance had no complaints saying it was cooked perfectly for him and the best steak he'd had in a long time.  He said the potatoes were good but not quite what he expected, fairly large chunks of potato with skins and a far amount of aioli on them.  For desert we each ordered a glass of port, I had the Coconut Custard Tart which was good but not outstanding.  I wanted more of the blood orange caramel and the coconut flavor was a little weak.  On the other hand my finance had the S'more which was by far better and the smoked salt vanilla ice cream was divine!  It's worth ordering just for the ice cream.
Service:  Our server was very friendly and we had excellent service from her, which made the evening even nicer.  However the bar still seemed slow to fill our drink orders even over dinner.
Venue:  Despite the food and service, we decided against it as a potential venue for our wedding.  We felt it the space was too chopped up and would separate people too much.  It's a unique venue for the right event, just not for us.   Even though we'd already decided to have our reception elsewhere a neighbor shared with me her son's 2010 wedding experience at the Moshulu, advising us not to consider it.  Unfortunately they were very disappointed with their experience and the service prior to and on the day of the event.
Although we won't have our wedding there we still decided it we'd happily return the Moshulu to celebrate our future wedding anniversaries.My boyfriend and I went for dinner on a Wednesday night because I bought a groupon. 
Pros: the food was delicious, the service was fast and helpful, and the decor and festive atmosphere were very nice.
Cons: the price! I don't think we would've gone without the group on because even with it our meal was more than usual.
What we ordered:
Lobster bisque-excellent flavor with large chunks of lobster
Butternut squash soup- tasty but I've had better 
Swordfish- we both loved the fish and it had delicious seasonings but I found the polenta to be slightly dry and flavorless
Crab cake: generous size and great ratio of crabI came here for a business reception event. So open bar and all was great, and the appetizers before the main course were delicious!
We went below deck for a formal dinner and I ordered the salmon. When I took a bite, it was bland. In fact, I wasn't the only one that thought their meal was bland. We asked them for some salt and pepper because it felt like they didn't even season the salmon at all.
The only bright side was that I wasn't paying for the meal. Heck, the hors-d'oeuvres was better than the main meal.MUST GO FOR THE FOOD!  While I understand the attraction to this place is the ship and water, which was cool....the food is absolutely delicious. They have a cheese tray to die for! Aged cheddar w/ honey pecans and strawberry preserves, Brie goat cheese w/ figs and honey, aged blue cheese w/ pears and balsamic! Wow!  The seafood salad was absolutely the best I have ever had with shrimp, scallops and crab meat on lettuce, tomato, avocado and cheese all dressed to perfection.What a FAILBOAT (literally) and tourist trap.  The boat is so old inside, but not in a charming, historical way, but rather a musty, bad 80's carpet way.  The floor is literally tilted so that you are sitting, leaning over.
Food...terrible.  I had scallops that were okay, but have had much better for way cheaper at other places.  Our bread was stale.  My bf's steak looked more like shredded brisket, it was so weird. Blehhhhh, don't bother!  There are so many better, more cutting edge restaurants in Philadelphia.Ive been here a few times and had a private party here. The food was good, and great ambiance. Will definitely be back.The Moshulu has so much potential.... a great location and it's own parking lot ($15).  I love the bar area though it could be improved by removing the large tables that don't seem to even be in use and putting in small intimate tables and couches.  
Good drink menu and friendly bartenders... though the bar seemed to close very early on a Friday night (10:00 p.m.) 
Food:  The gnocci was also good and I am very picky.  The sushi - eh and a bit pricey.
Overall, a great experience.Long Island Ice Tea - Strong, will give it a good.
Scottish Fall - Super Awesome
Captains Cocktail - Sweet, but good.
Chicken & Smoked Cheddar Sausage - Good
Rock Shrimp - Good 
Amuse - Super (complimentary)
Tandoori Crusted Mahi Mahi - Simply Amazing!!
Crispy Skin Atlantic Salmon - Good
Jumbo Black Tiger Shrimp - Very good
Chocolate Caramel Pudding - Heavely.
We were celebrating a friend's birthday. John was our server was very helpful and cheerful. A few others had served as well everyone were generally nice, I will give their service full 5 stars. The ambiance is pleasant, the décor beautiful very Titanic like and the view from the seating area is just ecstatic. While making the reservation I was asked what the occasion was, so we got complimentary Champaign, Amuse (starters DELISHHHHHHHH) and a surprise after our meal was "Happy Birthday" written with chocolate on a rectangular plate, a little candle on top, pieces of chocolate on the sides and a little chocolate Martini glass. We were thrilled by the end of our dinner.
Oh! Do not miss their butter served with the bread, its simply simply delishhhhh!!!I wish we could give half star ratings.  Truly this is a 3.5 star review.
You can't beat the atmosphere and ambience on Moshulu.  Amazing views.  The decor is a little dark and heavy for today, but it was nice.  The staff I spoke with on the phone was very personable and friendly.  That's it for the good part.
We arrived for our reservation and no one was at the hostess station.  2 other couples came in behind us.  We waited about 3 minutes before we were greeted, and another minute for our greeter to pass off our seating to someone else.
Our waiter was prompt and we got water right away.  The man at the table behind us asked for bread and was told bread comes out after you've ordered your main course.  Ok...
Lobster bisque was ok but not spectacular.  We ordered cocktails, they were both fairly sweet and heavy.  We ended up putting them on the windowsill because our table slanted and we were afraid they would spill - very tall and thin glasses.  The bread was warm and the butter delicious.  We had the scallops and swordfish, as the 'land' portion of the menu looked kind of uninspired and was more expensive.
Both of our dishes were fairly salty.  The swordfish was not finished.  Water refills were regular, but we didn't see our waiter again for awhile.  We ordered dessert - and waited a long time for them to appear, to the point that we were wondering.  We also found ourselves wishing we had the waiter from the next table, as he seemed way nicer than our guy.
Earlier in the meal, I noticed a tiny ant on my napkin in my lap.  My date saw one on my dessert plate, and a third on our table.  We corralled the one on the dessert plate to show our waiter.  They took off my dessert, but I didn't get a sense that management would be alerted to the ant problem.
Lastly, I got a $26 parking ticket on Columbus Blvd., even though Moshulu ' s website says free metered parking on Wednesday after 5pm.  Not their fault, I will be checking with PPA to see what's up - but as a warning to others who may think they can park free on Columbus on Wednesdays.  
I think this could be a spectacular spot in Philly, but not sure it was a $150 experience.  For better food I recommend Devon in Rittenhouse Square.My wife and I visited the Moshulu for Father's Day Brunch (buffet style, $49 pp, a $10 surcharge vs their regular brunch price).  We had reservations, and arrived 15 minutes early.  A hostess seated us promptly, at a table next to a window with a view of the harbor.  We were surprised that the place was not packed on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  We waited more than 5 minutes for our waiter to stop by.  I placed my order for the unlimited Mimosa, and water, while my wife opted solely for water.
Our first trip to the buffet was enchanting.  The display was wonderful, and spread out over several different stations.  We were slightly confused as to the configuration of some of the tables, as the Belgian waffles were tucked away on a table with Yukon potatoes ... and not with the breakfast items / omelet station.  Considering that their menu groups certain food groups together, most would figure the soup / salad and appetizers would be grouped together as a serving station (which they were).  I do not believe most people would think to look for waffles to be located near potatoes.  This is not a problem per se, but it would have been nice if the server would have given us a tour of the stations - as is the case with other upscale brunch buffets.
When we returned to our table, I still did not have my Mimosa.  We would eventually realize that our server (Cordeau) was polite and friendly, but for some reason, did not want to make his presence known at our table.  Perhaps this has to do with the undisclosed 20% service charge.  We were not sure if this was a gratuity, or something like a resort fee.  If this server knew his gratuity was set in advance prior to anyone being seated, what is his motivation to be "excellent," or "lackluster?"  Given that this was a buffet style meal, this server had virtually no responsibility other than to replenish my Mimosa and our water glasses, check on our meals, and be present in case we needed another utensil or napkin.  He failed miserably.  This leaves us wondering whether the Moshulu would impose a 40% service charge on a meal ordered from a menu (plated and served by the server).  We also wondered if the service would suffer ever more, if this specific server had to take our order, and physically bring our our order to us.
When we tried to inquire as to the service charge, we ultimately were left to debate the matter with ourselves, as the server was AWOL.
Our Ratings:
Ambiance and atmosphere:  10
Food quality:  8
Service:  3Went for an after show dinner.
Our waiter was very personable and attentive. My wife had crab cakes, which she really liked, and it was a large crab cake.  I had a perfectly cooked filet, very tender very good.
Would I reccomend, yes!Went to Moshulu with my wife and two other couples on a visit to Philadelphia. We all had different items and all agreed that this was one of the best meals any of us had had anywhere in ages. To be clear, we 6 have dined together around the world and around the US so while we're not gourmets, we do know a great meal and excellent service when we see it. The lobster bisque was outstanding as were the mussels. I had off-the-bone spareribs that were tender, juicy and very flavorful surround by a yummy vegetable puree. The wine list was as complete as I needed though I'm not an oenophile. The service was impeccable - polite, prompt, efficient, unobtrusive. Being on a sailing barque was neat too which permitted a stroll on the deck for a breath of fresh air after dinner. Highly recommended to our Philly friends. Overall, an excellent conclusion to our visit.A few Mondays ago we went into Moshulu for dinner at 7:30 and were told they closed the kitchen early and were not seating anymore. The hostess was nice enough to call Bistro Romano to verify they were still serving, which was pretty cool on her part. The reason for the low star rating is because the parking lot right outside the Moshulu charges $17 to park! Thankfully we turned around and found metered parking on the street (not converted to meterup app accessible) because the restaurant does not communicate with the parking lot (separately owned business) so we would have paid $17 to only be told the restaurant was closed! That's ridiculous. 
We plan to return for Sunday brunch on the Moshulu, we'll see if they will have that when we try to go! 
We really enjoyed the upstairs outside bar the last time we were there so it bothers me to lower the rating so much but it's ridiculous that customers would still pay to park only to not be served.My boyfriend and I are big fans of Moshulu. We've been coming here ever since he asked me to be his girlfriend. All of the visits we had were great but our most recent visit was just a little more special than the rest. It was for my birthday celebration. Our waiter Jon was serving us for the second time and treated us like kings and queens. My boyfriend came back for his second round of Pan Seared Rohan Duck Breast. It's his favorite entree. I ordered the Seared Sea Scallop and Crispy Pork Belly. Only complaint I have for the dish was that one of the scallop piece was a little salty for my taste. Other than that, it was amazing. We top our dinner with two mojitos and a roll of sushi for appetizer. 
However, the cherry to our icing wasn't just the food but mainly the services we received. Jon was kind enough to give us multiple complementaries such as two champagnes, two pork salad chips, and two rib dumplings samples. If that wasn't enough, Jon brings out what appears to be a crispy apple croissant with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and caramel dressing on the top. The dessert plate had "Happy Birthday" written on the plate and a candle on the side. My birthday weekend ended perfectly! In all my life, I have personally never received such an amazing hospitality until that day. We definitely look forward to coming back again and see our favorite waiter.My girlfriends and I came here on Valentine's Day last year and clearly did not do our research ahead of time.
This place is so unique!  It's classy and expensive but the ambiance is truly amazing. It has this old, classic, rich feel to it. We had a reservation and came in right on time. The hostess was semi-friendly and our waiter was okay. I would expect a way more polished staff on a boat like this. There was a prix fixe menu for the holiday (obviously) and we were okay with that until we saw the price, $195 plus 20% gratuity. We were already out of town for the holiday and weren't planning to go quite that steep on V-day dinner. We ended up ordering glasses of wine. Needless to say, we had our wine then bailed (sorry, not sorry). It's a beautiful ship and it had a super romantic feel inside but I'll leave those prices for the couples! If you want to impress someone with ambiance and a pretty unique setting, this will do it. The service not so much, the food I can't comment on- didn't have it- but it's a lovely boat. I would love to go back under normal menu price circumstances.Unfortunately, I didn't get to eat here, because the dress is very formal, and the bar was closed. Looked like a great place, and I wish I had packed a fancier outfit. This place is definitely more upscale than I planned.As a Philadelphia resident, a root canal seems more interesting than an evening on this beast. The prices are WAY out of proportion to the quality of the food and service. They are milking this 'on a boat' thing big time! The thrill of sitting on a disorienting vessel fades quickly, and your left with a a mediocre menu and an extraordinary bill.
If your looking to impress, or are a tourist you might get a kick out of it. But man, for 1/5 the cost you can get much better food at many BYO's.View was great, such a nice breeze on deck and food tasted wonderful. Portions, however, were sad. We were so excited to try the restaurant and figured we would come for restaurant week but the portion sizes were so variable and some so pathetic. One of our guests got the tuna tartar app and it was probably one bite of food. My boyfriend who has a large appetite got the rainbow trout which he probably could have finished in three bites, it was embarrassing! We had to go get him something to eat after our expensive meal out.As soon as we checked this place out for our wedding last year, we knew it was the perfect place to get married.
I recently had my wedding here and they knocked it out of the park. I don't think I could have asked for a better venue. We had 69 people, so we chose to have the ceremony in front of the big wheel, with the reception down on the deck below. We had the whole covered area, plus the back deck to give everyone some air. The extra deck was amazing, as everyone got a chance to see the city lights!
For our dinner, we went buffet style and chose roasted turkey, salmon, and butternut squash pasta. Phenomenal! We received so many comments on how good the food was.
Our wedding coordinators Chris and Zach made everything perfect and always made sure our guests were taken care of. They went above and beyond in the service. It was so different than the usual wedding hall type venue and our guests loved it.Celebrating my beautiful wife's birthday! Pricey but worth it. Service A 1!we had steak as our main course which was cooked nicely. I loved the fact that they had blue point oysters they're my fav! And ahi tuna tartare was great not too much stuff on it lightly seasoned and not overwhelming but parking was a hassle And expensive!!! You guys should try the duck carpaccio and pancetta sooo good ! Ugh! :) I had to change my review 3 times because at first I wasn't a fan until I came here enough to be proven wrong ! :)Very nice. Definitely my new favorite restaurant for special occasions. Great food, great drinks, great views, great ambiance, great employees. Sadly I live on the west coast. EnjoyWhen we walked into this restaurant, we were so pleasantly surprised at how beautiful it was and how many levels there were to enjoy a nice cocktail or dinner overlooking the water. It was relatively packed so we found 4 seats at the upper bar and sat down for what we thought would be a relaxing cocktail. Well, little did we know how awkward this experience would be. The bartender was an absolute nightmare of a person and kept yelling and giving attitude to all of the waiters and staff. She spent the whole time we were there, barking orders, rolling her eyes and just being so rude to them. I felt bad for the whole staff there. My mother in law even said she was scared of her. She made us feel so uncomfortable we would have stayed for 3 drinks if not more bc of the environment but she was AWFUL. Do not sit at the bar. She should be fired. And the poor old couple that left just before us that were also sitting at the bar made the same commentary. We discussed it with them and they were bummed about her attitude and didn't want to stay for another drink. Go for the view but don't get served by this woman.Beautiful atmosphere, great drinks, and lovely people. Will love to come back again when in the Philly area.Our server, William, was a good server. The calamari was excellent, not chewy, a nice light breading.  Interesting flavor combinations with the calamari.  The butternut squash soup, the soup of the day, was delicious. Rich but not heavy, the right combination of savory with just a hint of sweet.  I had the diver scallops on spaghetti squash.  It was delicious and just the right size with 4 beautifully seared scallops.  My husband had the burger.  He said it was delicious. The fries that came with his burger were wonderful, reminded me of fresh cut boardwalk fries with just a lite dusting of vinegar and salt. We were full, so we skipped dessert. We had a groupon, so it made it more reasonable, but expect dinner for two to run over $100."Buzzkill" would be an understatement. Went here for Mother's day only to be highly disappointed. Every item we ordered sounded great on the menu but when it arrived it was nothing like it. I ordered the lobster roll in butter, I got a lobster roll with mayonese. My mother order a 2 lb lobster that came out as a lobster tail weighing maybe a pound. To top it all off for her, the lobster still had the poop inside of it. Being New Englander's we know what to expect and they missed the mark. The staff also hurries you along instead of allowing you to enjoy your meal. The bill comes and they add the tip right into it. Never again.Pricey but delicious... great atmosphere and great service. My go to place when celebrating special occasions!About ten years ago, Moshulu was considered a classy place. I like classy quiet places because USUALLY the help is professional and the place will have jazz playing, which means one can actually have an adult conversation with someone seated next to you without having to scream and spit on each other like 90% of bars in Philadelphia who cater to the college crowd.
So, being in the area...I went in there after about ten years since my last visit. I sat down at the bar and about ten minutes later two nice looking women approximately my age sat down next to me...so the night looked as if it was going to be good. 
I gave the bartender my credit card to start a tab and he immediately returned, and a little less than quietly, told me and the rest of the bar the card didn't work. Ok, a little unprofessional but I gave him another card and that was solved. 
Then across the bar was an obviously very drunk woman WHO SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN SERVED. She immediately began shouting, "Hey, what's your name?". I ignored her as a few people started laughing. The same idiot bartender then says, "His card says John". Now the drunk begins screaming. "Hey, John...why don't you talk to those ladies!!". 
I ignored the drunk again while the bartender and manager stood there smiling and raising their hands to say, "Oh well, things happen". 
Then the drunk walks all the way around the bar to come directly in my face to ask why I'm not smiling. Again the bartender and manager do nothing. I had to turn in my seat to show this drunk I was not interested. Believe me, I know how women feel.
I couldn't believe the unprofessional atmosphere in a restaurant bar that was once considered a classy place. Then, one of the women asks the bartender..."If I bought you a shot can you drink it?". The bartender unbelievably asks the manager if he's allowed to do shots with the women. The manager says, "fuck no". The bartender says to the women, "What do I know? I haven't worked here that long".I give this place two stars instead of three because it did not live up to my expectations. With that being said...I must tell everyone that I only went to the Sunday brunch and I have not gone for dinner.
But...it still could've been alot better than it was. The food was just ok and I wasn't wowed by the ship itself.Took my boyfriend here for his birthday weekend.  We had a great table overlooking the water at sunset.  Our waiter, William, was really friendly and quick.
The decor is a little dated, but classy and clean.  
The menu looked amazing.  We started with the salmon carpaccio and it was really lovely and had layered flavors.  It was really delicate and well balanced with just enough salt in the roe to balance out the nice salmon flavor.
My boyfriend had the special, which was veal tips cooked on fois gras over lobster tortellini.  He ate every bite and said it was delicious.  I had the diver scallops and I highly recommend them.  They were plump and sweet and perfectly seared.  A true delight.  And they were served over a delicious vegetable medley of squash and peppers.  Amazing!!
For dessert we split the peanut butter cheesecake.  Yes Yes Yes!
A highly recommend it for a date night!I have been here a number of times and I have never been disappointed.  You feel like you're walking through time upon entering this old charmer.  The waitstaff is great, knowledgeable and speedy to deliver.  The food, top notch.  Do not leave this ship without getting the crab cake!Wonderful and knowledgable service. Chris was a great server. The entrees could have been slightly bigger. The beef sliders appetizerwere very good even if they were a little rare for my taste. I had the duck breast which was delicious except for one small slice that was too fatty and chewy. The rest of it was delicious. For dessert my fiancé and I both had the fall dessert (with pumpkin dessert).  It was good!Reservations were made online and when we arrived we were told that it would be a few minutes.  We waited at the bar for 10 minutes... because the place was so packed with eager diners?  Absolutely not... it was dead as a morgue.  
Finally seated, we ordered the chilled shrimp, scallops, and the crab cake.  The shrimp was good, nothing toe curling but not a bad choice for an app.  The crab cake was actually the best that I've had in Philadelphia so far... so much delicious crab meat.  The scallops were a let down because of the texture and lack of flavor.
Overall, not a bad experience but I think it suffered from that "okay food, not worth your money, overpriced menu" syndrome.Great food, great service as well, our waiter (cirilo) was very nice and knew what he was doing. A bit pricey...but it was worth it!First, gotta say that you cannot ask for better ambiance than sitting on deck, waterfront, on an old ship like this, it's awesome. The food is pretty solid.
I rarely complain, I'm a pretty happy and understanding customer 99% of the time but the service my girlfriend and I got was really not okay. 
Sat down in plain sight, waited 15 minutes before having to stand up and find a waiter myself and told him our order once I did. It took another 35 minutes to get our food, so a total of 50 minutes from sitting down to seeing the hamburger and chicken sandwich we ordered. This is with a background of 2 other tables, of 2-3 people each, being active on the deck (and the below deck closed in preparation for dinner), so it wasn't like the waiter or kitchen was overwhelmed. 
Waiter didn't apologize for the long wait and didn't warn that there would be a long wait until 3 minutes before the food arrived (47 minutes elapsed time essentially being ignored) saying, "your food will be out shortly". At no point did he offer us drink refills or check on how the food was/how we were doing. While the staff was generally pleasant, and the hostesses at the entrance were super helpful, it didn't make up for the inconvenience of time or having to hunt down the service/lack of service once found.
Ambiance: A+
Food: B/B+    Was too irritated to pay attention to how the food tasted
Service: D
Next time I'm just going to grab something for 1/2 the price at a food cart and get the waterfront view from a bench.Seriously considered this venue for our wedding next year.  Although we selected another location, what the Moshulu has to offer in terms or service, view and affordability is worth noting.  Christina showed us around and was enthusiastic and attentive to our question.  We'll consider this location for birthdays and anniversaries without question.Nice place to celebrate a special occasion. We came here for my boyfriend's birthday which they gave him a free dessert. Really nice ambience. Staff were really attentive and accommodating. Also with the yelp check in I was able to get a free dessert too!Went to the new years eve party here. Bad drinks in plastic cups, bad music, and they lost my coat. Go somewhere else.Had a wonderful birthday dinner here! This was my first time eating at Moshulu and I can say that I will definitely be back. The waiters were so attentive to us and gave great recommendations since it was our first time eating there. 
It was hard to narrow down to one appetizer, but my boyfriend and I decided on the calamari. It was the freshest calamari I have ever had. Not only that, but it was not over breaded like you typically get at a restaurant. For my entree, I had the jumbo lump crab cake. The crab was so flaky and just melted in my mouth. It was paired nicely with potatoes and vegetables. My boyfriend ordered the salmon and it was just as amazing. Everything was so delicious that we licked the bowls clean (the waiter made a comment about how clean our bowls were) 
We were not going to order dessert because we were so stuffed, but our waiter decided to surprise me with free gelato and two glasses of champagne since it was my birthday dinner. It was a wonderful surprise! 
Overall, I had a wonderful evening. It was a great first experience and I cannot wait to go back for brunch or happy hour on the top deck.food is fab and service even better but NOTHING beats the location!!!! be sure to try the wedge salad, scallops (best around), filet mignon (perfect every time), walnut-crusted salmon (out of this world), and basically everything on their menu!!!  you can't go wrong at the Moshulu and on site parking is a serious perk for Philly. recommend using open table to make reservations. you can thank me later!!!so i went here for valentines day and it was my second time going. the first was with my aunt an uncle last spring for lunch. they get an A for entertaining my 4 year old cousin, as well as returning the money that fell out of my aunts pocket. while i enjoyed my spring afternoon soup and salad  a romantic valentines dinner  is up for more scrutiny than an afternoon meal with family. 
Because the restaurant is a docked boat on the water the tables do not sit right so that's the first minus. we had reservations and still waited for a decent amount of time minus 1. there were 4 or 5 ladies in the host stand but not one of them greeted us when we walked in minus 4.  We eventually sat down and ordered a bottle of Merlot they had on special for the evening. The waiter did not let us taste the wine, he just poured us both glasses and left minus 20. The lobster bisque was amazing. i could have ordered that for 3 courses and have been satisfied.  the waiter was very attentive and kind, but didn't laugh at my jokes and kept placing his hands on my dates shoulder and upper back. i couldn't figure out if he was just being friendly or being a little too friendly. however that is subjective. the crab cakes were amazing. and the valentines dessert array was interesting. cheesecake was over baked but i can look passed that because i was so full from the crab cakes and lobster bisque that dessert didn't really matter. food presentation was beautiful, the food was cooked perfectly. my date had the veal with a sweet potato puree that was better than my crab cakes. overall i enjoyed this place very much. the night was beautiful, crisp and chilly, but then again it was February. even though we had the not so lovely view of Columbus blvd some may argue that it's better than the view of Camden, worst city on the east coast, although Philly is getting jealous. 
overall i would go back. but they'd need to hire more attentive hostesses, and put in some wine tasting training. lovely for a date, romantic and a great way to feel like you are out of the city. beautiful views and classy atmosphere.Outstanding food and service.  We went there for Presidents Day Sunday.  No problem getting a reservation.  We walked the top  deck before dinner for a quick beautiful look see.  The waitress was very accommodating in helping us pick an appropriate wine.  While not snobs, we are experienced but found somethings new to us that matched out meal well.  Wine service was worth it.  My wife ordered lobster, but they were out, so she ordered crab cakes.  I had blue cheese swordfish.  Both were outstanding and full of  flavor.  Down side was the atmosphere.  While advertised as romantic, we listened to 80s rock (Led Zeppelin, Bob Dylan, Beatles, David Bowie) which we enjoy, but it was too loud and not "romantic".  The table tilted to starboard with the deck (floor) which I thought would be a problem, but it was not.Lovely, amazing, and more then I could have asked for; a few friends and I came here for our first visit to celebrate a birthday and everything was just really great the girls at the desk were nice and our server was very attentive, funny and made lots of dinner recommendations, while the manager made us feel very special. All in all couldn't have asked for more from the great drinks to the complimentary appetizers, our main courses and desserts all being delicious we couldn't have asked for a better evening and will definitely be back again soon.This has been our 3rd dining at Moshulu. Each time has been terrible. I went there with my wife and 2 young boys. We ordered, drinks (cocktails), oysters, lobster bisque, ceaser salad, steak rib (special $54 steak), fries and 2 separate kids meals. All the food sucked. No better than a diner but with the price of the capital grille ($221). The best thing was the kids chicken tenders. That's just sad. Oh, and our waiter sucked. Very fake. Just wasn't a genuine person. NEVER coming back here again.Its a dump. Very pretty but overly salted food unispired service. Way overpriced. Tremendously disappointing placeThe food is nothing to write home about - overpriced, overly cooked, and a long wait for both food and drinks. You pay for the atmosphere of being on a boat, which is hard to remember when there are only tiny windows to look out of. The dining area is cramped, with two long and skinny dining rooms flanking a large public area with no seating.Disappointing is what I would say. I had a very small wedding here. I chose this place because I thought the prices were fair for what we were getting. Oh, the sales woman was so sweet and kind to us until it came down to pay. The wedding day itself was pretty bad. It was pouring down rain with snow. The wedding had to be held on a plastic enclosed deck with tons of water spilling onto it. This is also the dance floor for parties so women dancing kept getting their high heels stuck in the deck boards. I was told that I could put my wedding dress on in a special room. The air conditioning was turned on because there was no heat. It was about 30 degrees in the room. To get out of the room you have to walk through a greasy kitchen in a long wedding dress.
   There was a 20% gratuity charge for an open bar. The bartenders stuck a tip jar on the counter and my guests were putting $10 and $20 bills in there because they were drunk. Most bartenders at wedding know when to tell someone to call it quits.
  The appetizers during the cocktail hour looked like they came from Walmart and were defrosted. Tiny was an understatement.
   The guests had to go through the main dining room to get to the private one with everyone staring at us all. We sat and waited forever while the wait staff piddled around. The rolls were as hard as rocks. We had to basically know what everyone wanted ahead of time. We selected chicken and salmon. Everyone except for 4 people wanted chicken. The wait staff kept passing out salmon to everyone who ordered chicken so we all had to wait to eat until everyone had their plates. The servings would feed 8 year olds, and they were cold.
   The cake was OK but was basic white cake mix. The coffee was cold. The dining room could not be set up on time because there was another party. The staff put the table decorations in the window because never asked what to do with them. My own father and brother could not come to the wedding last minute because of the snow, plus another 4 people. Were were still charged, yes! We paid tax on liquor that was never drank and food that was never eaten. We had to pay 20% gratuity for service which was awful.
   A family member of mine asked for meals to be packed up. They claimed they could not do that but of course packed up some salmon!  The whole ceremony and party had been left in the hands of college age kids. The sales woman had decided to take off for 3 days at the last minute. Was it worth all the money we paid? No, this is supposed to be one of the most important days of my life and here we are as a newlywed couple broke and disappointed. If you want to be waited on by teenagers then have your wedding at TGI Fridays and save some money.Dont bother for brunch. The service is lacking. The chicken and waffles are frozen Tyson chicken tenders and a frozen waffle. The muffins are good and big. The breakfast burger was okay. The potatoes are really good. Probably the only decent thing on the menu. We sent all our food back half eaten. We didn't complain but we will not be coming back. The food isn't freshly made. The mimosa and bellinis are not mimosas and bellinis. They're orange juice juice.A tall ship renovated and docked at Penn's Landing, which is in my opinion a HUGE tourist trap, this is a diamond in the rough. My coworkers and i were deciding where to go to brunch on Sunday, during a work retreat.  We were curious about this ship and originally thought it might've been a museum. But imagine our surprise when we saw it was a restaurant! And a nice one at that. I was also able to get a reservation on opentable so that was a nice score.  Bottomless brunch cocktails for $16. Choices of mimosas, bellinis, bloodies and drinks I'd never heard of: pointsettias and kir Royale. The former is a mimosa with cranberry instead of orange, kir Royale is a raspberry mimosa. Both were great. I had a crab cake Benedict which was amaze balls. Everyone loved their food. And the staff was so nice! Looks like they also have reserves for parties like weddings and stuff. I was impressed and wouldn't hesitate to go back here. Well done Moshulu!For a fine dining restaurant Moshulu definitely overpriced for the food quality and presentation. The starter is nothing about delicate, sushi very roughly made and presented. The steak is absolutely over cooked. Scallops tasted good. Service is a bit uncomfortable and slow. Nothing else impressive. Anyway still acceptable If you're ok with just to pay for the experience and view.Vegetarians be warned: unlike what is advertised on their website, the Moshulu does not make most entrees vegetarian. I had read the website before going that most entrees can be substituted to make the dish vegetarian and when I asked the server how the substitutions worked he said that they can take one of the vegetarian appetizers or sides and make it the portion of a full meal. I was expecting one of the delicious duck or chicken dishes substituted with tofu or seitan, instead I got a bowl of vegetables...
With how high the prices are and with how popular the restaurant is my expectations were high and their misleading information on their website about dietary needs was a bit of disappointment. 
On a positive note, the pumpkin cheesecake was delicious, the wine selection was excellent, and i enjoyed the atmosphere.Nice experience here on Mother's Day. We went here yesterday to celebrate and to enjoy the special buffet.
The whole place is interesting because it's a boat, and so all of the decor is genuinely nautical. Great concept for a restaurant.
The food and service were very good, no complaints there at all. Everyone was happy with the selection on the buffet, and it was well-maintained by the staff.You get what you pay for!! and boy are you going to pay...lol :) Its on a boat for goodness sakes and it was date night so it was worth it. 
My husband brought me here.  We found a groupon.  (Please find one before you go, the place is SUPER pricey) Nonetheless, EVERYTHING we had was delicious.  We ordered the calamari, beet salad and lobster bisque.  The bisque was awesome, smooth, with chunks of lobster, calamari was fresh and crispy.  Food was hot as it should have been and the salad I had was very flavorful.  Only star lost (for price of course) was for the dessert.  It was OK.  It was the Smore in a mason jar dessert.  It was just pudding, chocolate, crackers and toasted marshmellow.  i could have passed.  A couple next to us, had the chocolate cake which is probably what we should have ordered!
Will definitely go back again.  Even with groupon, we spent over $100.I went here on Valentine's Day (this review is a little late) but my Valentine and I were just talking about our experience. First of all, the service was great and the atmosphere was nice albeit outdated but that was part of its charm. The food, however was mediocre and the prices were too high. I really thought I'd be wowed by this place and I left thinking, "Meh." All in all it was not a bad experience but I don't think I'll be back.I went on Saturday, May 31st for the PaperStreet party, so this is not really a review of the restaurant.
However, some things do not change because of the circumstances... The bathroom is a little tricky to find, and the servers I saw were so busy talking amongst themselves that they didn't notice me standing there waiting for a break in the conversation for almost 5 minutes.
There is a WONDERFUL bartender named Hannah, and she gets a star all by herself! :)Served raw salmon and raw scallops. Giving 2 stars because undercooked seafood is a health hazard.Very tasty menu and also -a little- expensive, but worth it for a special occasion or equivalent. Will be back!I like the view and location, but watch out for the flies and lower your expectations for the food. I came here for an event at 6 pm, which unfortunately is after happy hour...so I had to pay $10 for truffle fries (yummy, but where was the aioli??) and $13 for veggie rolls (blah, couldn't even taste the mango or avocado).My boyfriend took me here as one of our first dates about a year ago and for our one year anniversary last month. Both experiences were great.
He chose the swordfish and I picked the chicken entree. Our server was attentive and kind. He even brought out a cheese dish complimentary at one point from the chef. At the end of our meal, we received little boxes with cookies for the road. The card wishing us well on our anniversary didn't hurt the experience either!
This is certainly not a place to frequent. It's a beautiful boat set on the Delaware River -- and the prices reflect as much. Nonetheless, I love this place and could see myself celebrating many future special occasions here.There are a few factors that go into this. First, most importantly the food was quite good. As I've said in my reviews before, sometimes places like this are all flash and hype with no substance. I was rather impressed by the swordfish which is quite difficult to make well. The bok choy was good but a bit salty. I'm not a fan or ravioli in particular but I even enjoyed that too (though it was my least liked thing on the table)
Secondly, we were running late and had to push our reservation back 30 mins. I thought there might not be a table especially by the water like I had requested but they still accommodated. Major points.
Unfortunately, the service was below expectations which is sad bc it made our night less enjoyable. We never got any bread and he never even filled out water glasses or asked if we wanted anything to drink. When we asked what the table next to us had, he didn't know but guessed and it was wrong because the dish had some kind of seafood in it but the item he guessed didn't. When it was time to order dessert, he was hard to find. The venue and food made it 4-5 stars. the service was 3..not the worst and major points in accommodating our change in reservation time.I leave two stars for two reasons, 1 for the ambiance, 2 for the consideration of disappointment from the staff.  It has been years since I have dined at the Moshulu and I was so looking forward to this night only to be disappointed and going on a 10pm McDonalds run to feed my hunger pains.  Lets begin with the complete disorganization at the hostess table, although she was sweet, smiley and inviting the sheer disorganization of the reservation book was unreal.  We sit at a high top table and honestly we had the best table on the outside deck it was a beautiful night and we were seated well.  Our server Ashley was nice and approachable however dear lord the service here is slower than molasses.  And a warm dirty martini served in a plastic cup is a friiggin disgrace for the price of it.  Switch to beer that only  took about a year to get to the table.  The food was ok.  Nothing like I remembered it to be.  I was so so so disappointed in this establishment and I will not return, not even on its best day.  This is a historical establishment placed on an amazing boat in the best city as far as I am concerned and it is sinking.  I would never waste my time here again.I went to the deck at the Moshulu for the first time this weekend with a few friends this weekend. I wanted to love this place since it is a 5-minute walk from my house but sadly I didn't. The view and décor are great, and I love the Mushulu but the deck was a major flop. We sat down at a bar seat and asked a waitress if we could order drinks and a few apps and she went to get us menus. She came back a few minutes later and told us they were no longer serving food on that deck and we would have to sit on the other side. We went to the hostess on the other side of the deck and asked for a table for 4 and she told us it would be one minute. After about 10 more minutes we checked back in with her to see how long it would be to decide if we should get a drink at the bar while we waited, and she again told us one minute. Another hostess then went to seat another table that walked in after us, so we checked in with her about our table and she told us that we weren't on the list. There were about ten open tables, so we were very confused about the wait. Finally, the second hostess came back and walked us to our table but after a few minutes we found out we couldn't order appetizers in this section and that we would need to find a table in the top section. We had asked if we could sit in the top section when we first walked in and were told no so we were all confused. Basically, every single person working at the restaurant except for our waitress seemed like they didn't have a clue. Our drinks and our food were great but not worth the hassle we had to deal with to get a table.Lot of fun if you've never been there and you're not used to the city or the river you will really enjoy this for a birthday or anniversary food very good just a little overpriced but that's what you get for The View and the setting you have to try it onceI have been there for the past 5 Saturday nights. Even partied there for my birthday. The paperstreet/dj brendan/moshulu summer mix was a great time. So sad to see it end next month. Get there if you get a chance.I've only eaten here for Sunday Brunch but I thought it was the best brunch spread I've ever seen. They had something for everyone and lots of it. And, the dessert table was outrageous and delicious. I would go here for Sunday brunch again in a heartbeat. I thought it was a little pricey at first - until I saw the food - I think it's fairly priced.
The boat on the water part is kitschy - and I couldn't care less about that - the food has to be good for these prices and it was.
Bring an appetite.So the guy at the next table is leaving a review which will probably post below this. Not sure why this man felt he needed to read his yelp review aloud to the restaurant.  I think some people need to make a scene to feel important. Not that he did anything to fix his meal while eating it. He never asked for his plate to be redone or get something else. Instead he waited until his companions were done with their meal and choose to talk to the waiter then the manager to try and get the meal written off his check. .
I had the exact opposite experience. Got a last minute reservation at 8pm for my wife's birthday and the staff along with manager Jesse went above and beyond to give us a great night.  I'd absolutely eat here again even if it wasn't on a boat. EVERYTHING was great, especially dessert.Think if my partner and I were drinkers, this would be a place to patron, more often.
Food did not live up to the price, but dessert was very tasty. 
I would come back for dessert. Plus, the people having the private party, seemed to be having a good time. :)I proposed to my wife here last year and they did a FANTASTIC job at making the night speacial and being accomodating. We came back this year after our honeymoon for dinner and brunch the next morning, again FANTASTIC! We both at the Filet Mignon and it was both HUGE and AMAZING! Little tip for everyone, even though it is a la carte, the sides are HUGE so split one with someone else at the table to save some cash, we learned this the hard way! Thank you!!!!!I went to Moshulu over the summer, in a group of 7.  It was pretty cool place and really nice atmosphere, but that was pretty much it.  I wasn't crazy about the food, and neither was the rest of my party.
It was pouring rain that day though, so that was really cool to sit on the water and watch the rain come down.  Plus above us was a glass rood, so that made it very exciting.  I don't think I would ever go back though, especially if I was paying.Moshulu is honestly a Philly staple at this point (if you can see it in Rocky, I consider it a staple). A great date-night restaurant, with a cool theme, but expect to pay fine-dining prices.
The restaurant itself is actually on board a nearly 100-year old ship that has an incredibly rich history (http://www.moshulu.com/history.html). While Moshulu hosts over events (parties, weddings, etc), this review will focus on the restaurant.
Ambiance: What can I say? Dining on a ship is pretty awesome! My girlfriend and I went when it was still cold out so there wasn't any outdoor seating (there is normally a few tables on deck). The 2nd floor (deck?) feels a bit cramped with all the tables, and depending on where you are seated you might not get a window with a view. Lighting was a bit dark as well, but the decor and restored wood made up for that shortcoming. The floor is slanted as well, which made a steady dining experience tricky.
Food: Moshulu is known for its seafood, and I wouldn't recommend getting anything else. Expect steakhouse prices, so plan accordingly. My girlfriend and I decided to create our own "tasting" menu. 
Lobster Bisque: Rich, creamy, and a decent serving of lobster claw meat.
Plateau: A platter cocktail shrimp, raw oysters, tuna tartare, and a cali sushi roll. The sushi was forgettable, and not all that good but the rest was top-notch. The "half-mast" is more than enough for two people
Blackened Swordfish: Perfectly cooked and just the right amount of spice. Portion size was right for the price. The sides were good, but don't expect to be blown out of the world.
Service: Absolutely fantastic! The waiter was kind and accommodating.
Drinks: Drink menu is always changing, so it is likely different now. But the drinks we did get were well-balanced and refreshing.Great date place...super romantic on the water, but thats what you pay for! The lobster bisque was probably one of the best I have ever had (they cooked the lobster meat & bisque separately- combining them for you at your table) and the duck & salmon plates were delicious- the flavors from the grains, nuts & fruit accents blended perfectly together. Wait stuff was courteous & attentive. Very expensive- but worth it.I miss this place it's been a while. Had a few dinners attended a couple parties and am planning to get back ASAP. This place is the first time I tried Duck and its where I fell in love w/ a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc.The atmosphere of the restaurant is wonderful! It is set on an old ship anchored in the harbor. The setting was very intimate and romantic. My girlfriend and I went to enjoy our anniversary and it did not disappoint. 
The food was excellent but I felt the portion was a bit small.
Our server was very attentive but not overbearing. 
Surprisingly the ship did not feel as though it was in the water, even with a few ship's wakes hit the boat as they passed. 
Overall: Great spot for a quiet evening with your significant other.Went for late lunch Memorial Day with a reservation for 4. 2 Hostesses, pleasant but had NO control of restaurant. Only outside decks were open, perfect for the day. A few groups came in, bypassed hostess and seated themselves. Other hostess seated party without reservation at a table we were told was being set for us, because they yelled at her!? Waiting for our waitress (who ends up the one who walked by 3 or 4 times without acknowledging us) we watch a couple walk in and seat themselves, moments behind, the hostess brings another couple to the table, a discussion ensues, and THE HOSTESS and her customers walk away to find another table! Waitress comes, asks for our food order. We say we'd like drinks first, sounding surprised she takes the order. Drinks come, $13 cocktail arrives in a plastic cup. Immediately she presses for the food order which we place. Before the $22 burger and $20 Ahi poke bowl, she brings two quarter size plastic containers 1 with ketchup & 1 with soy. Seriously, is this Mc Donalds? Food delivered by someone else, waitress is not seen again until she brings check, must be a 1 drink limit. 2 of our party are still eating and we tell her we intended to order desert. She brings the desert menu, walks to another table, then returns to ask what we want for desert. I tell her we will wait until the rest of the party is finished. Another waiter arrives and begins to take my wife's plate (still with food on it) without asking if she's done! Finished, order 2 deserts to share. She takes order, then returns & informs us 3 of the 5 listed deserts are not available (including the 2 we ordered). $114+ tip for 1 plastic cup of wine, 1 cocktail in plastic cup, 2 beers, a burger, a portobello 'burger", grilled chicken sandwich, and ahi tuna poke bowl. Sandwiches served with soggy fries with a bunch of little crisp 1/2 pieces. All with service that rivals McDonalds. I've had better quality food in "dive bars". Won't EVER waste my time or money there again!First let me say that this is a cool place to go.  The whole boat thing was neat for a special occasion.  We were excited to go but our excitement was almost crushed by the incredibly rude and snooty hostesses.  Their attitudes were almost enough to make us turn around and leave.  I am glad we stayed.  Our server was very helpful and very nice.  We had the cheese plate and I had the scallops.  My BF had the veal special.  Our entrees were some of the best we have ever had.  The scallops were probably one of my top five meals EVER.  Unfortunately their wine list is offensive.  Over $50 for a bottle of Bogle Pinot Noir- come on.  I expect a 30% markup but this is ridiculous.  Some tips to the management:  Don't let your chef go- EXCELLENT!  Talk to your hostesses and tell them to lighten up.Hmm..a part of me wanted to get funny with this review, but I will et straight to the point. Never been there before, and I'm away for college so I figure I buy a groupon and take my mom and my sister out. When we we first walked in, the ambience was great. We had a reservation, and we seated immediately.  After that, things went down hill. We were placed with the MOST condescending, demeaning, and disrespectful waiter I've ever experienced..truly unprofessional. We ordered appetizers and I am allergic to foods with a high garlic content. I don't know why, but I just break out in hives. Anyway, I asked that they not include the garlic aioli, and he gave me another one of his strange looks. I asked if there was a problem, and he said he won't remove the garlic sauce, but he would just put it on the side. I said no, just completely remove it. I don't want it on the side--I don't want it at all. Why he was so insistent the garlic sauce came with my food..I will never know. I was pretty annoyed at this point. He was also very demeaning to my sister, she used all of her forks, and he had to add a side note, "oh wow, I've never seen anyone use all of their forks before. I'll get you a new one." I ordered my entree and a side of steak fries. Again, I didn't want the garlic sauce, but he said he will leave it on the side, I said I don't want the sauce at all. What is so difficult to understand, and why are you questioning my requests. Just take it out, I even had to ask myself if I was asking for too much? But come on even at Burger King, you can request no cheese on your burger and they won't put cheese on the burger. Can you imagine if they deny your request, and okay we won't put it on the burger...but we'll put in a small bag for you on the side?! That's a waste of cheese because I'm not going to eat it. Regardless, I asked for ketchup with my fries, and before serving me my ketchup first, he served me one of his condescending looks and said "uh okay?" At this point, I was over this restaurant. This restaurant is maybe one notch better than Red Lobster. Don't let the fact that you are sitting on a boat fool you, it doesn't even move!!!! Another huge disappointment. The fact that it doesn't sail is slightly tacky in my eyes, there is no advantage between dining here and dining at the Hyatt down the street. If it doesn't sail, that takes away from the experience. Enough of that tangent! So the bill comes, and I pull up my groupon, and he says "Oh, I'm sorry you can't use this. There has to be atleast 4 or more people in your party." It look everything in me to remain calm. The manager walked over to assist us, and he made a bunch of cheap and dry jokes about my fashion. I explained to him, I am a college student and I don't live in the area anymore, I bought this groupon to try this place out and to have a last girls night with my mother and sister. The groupon was $49 for $100 worth in food. Our bill was $124.00. The manager first agreed to only remove the face value of $49. I disagreed, I wasn't going to pay $80.00 for something I only intended to pay $20-30 extra dollars for. Even though $120.00 isn't bad. I spent that at pf changs last week. Regardless, no one is going to pay more than what they expected. He finally agreed to take $100 off, and made another dry joke about how he could tell I was from New York from my amazing fashion. I wasn't sure where he was going with that, but I wasn't finding it funny. Finally, our waiter that earned a pretty nice tip considering he was beyond rude came up to me and said enjoy your trip back to New York. I though how rude! Especially since I told his manager I was living in New York, not him. He wasn't even around when I said that. I felt he was over stepping his boundaries. Anyway, food was mediocre. Service was terrible. Ambiance was great. Two stars. Nothing spectacular. There are better dining experiences in Philly.  Highly disappointed.A wonderful piece of history and amazing food. Recommended: salume and cheese selections. The staff was attentive but not annoying.I just had my first dining experience at the Mosulu.  At first, I wasn't sure what type of experience I was in for - we entered the ship right after a couple wearing flip flops, looking like they were going to a phish concert.  I thought it was a somewhat fancy place to eat....maybe I was wrong?  We had a great table overlooking the water - for one of the first times, Camden even looked great.  Our waitress was great!  I ordered the filet - good, but not the best I've ever had (I will have to try a specialty sauce next time).  For dessert, I had the smores.  Wow - six stars alone!  The ice cream tasted like a woodsy fire on a cool fall night.  Yeah, the only time I can say that eating fire sounds/tastes delicious.  I left feeling very satisfied.My girlfriend was visiting Philly for some professional development for her field, and I took a few days off to go be with her and possibly look into moving there if we decided to do so. 
We wanted to celebrate our little vacation together, and I picked Moshulu because it looked very nice on the website and it was on a boat, which is pretty unique and possibly romantic.
The decor and ambiance were very nice; very clean and quite classy. It was rather difficult to see out the windows which in my opinion sort of defeats the purpose of enjoying a nice dinner on a floating vessel. I thought there would be nice views of the water and lights. No big deal, after all, the scenery is not very high on my priority of what is needed to have a nice dinner.
The food was good, not the best I have ever had, especially for the price, but it was still good to eat. 
Our real issue was the service. Our waiter looked like he was fresh out of high school and seemed rather jittery and nervous during service. My girlfriend ordered the vegetarian gnocchi as an appetizer, which was quite delicious, and she enjoyed it very much.  For her entree, we asked our server what vegetarian options were available. He described something along the lines of a light veggie dish with cherry tomato, asparagus, mushroom, basically a medley of veggies in a garlic wine sauce, which sounded nice. What came out of the kitchen almost put me into a fit. It was just a giant bowl of the same gnocchi appetizer! Not only did the waiter fail to recognize the fact that we already had a gnocchi appetizer and sent out a giant dinner portion of the same thing, but also failed to send out the dish that he described.
So, we ended up paying a whole lot of cash for a whole lot of gnocchi.  Very poor service and attention to detail, in my opinion. It was a complete breakdown in communication between the dining room and the kitchen, and we, the customers, suffered for it.Moshulu never disappoints. Superb bar, exquisite food, and excellent service. One of my favorites for fine dining in Philly.Extremely over priced for the quality of the food, service and atmosphere. I ordered the Crescent Farm Duck Breast and My boyfriend went with the Loch Duart Scottish Salmon. The duck was cold and they left out the Salmon Caviar on my boyfriends dish. Overall, the food was okay and the portion sizes were way to small for the price.  Also, we drank soda with the meal and the soda had a strange after taste. For our appetizer we ordered the Thai beef lettuce wraps. They forgot to put the lettuce on the plate. Our waiter was very pretentious and tried to push us to order something off the wine list.  We've had better experiences at Olive Garden and the food was half the price. Dine at own risk.Went there for dinner a few times, and I find that the service is great and so is the ambiance (you can't really beat the view) but it's a bit pricey for what it is, and I think you can get food of that caliber at other restaurants in the city for a much better price (and personally, I don't care for the decor as much as others might).
That being said, the food is definitely really great there, as is their wine and drinks selection, so definitely a fun place to take people out from out of town or for a special night out.
Recently went for brunch which was $35 per person, and I actually feel like this is pretty reasonable. They have a great election of foods to choose from for your entree like fruits, bagels with great cream cheeses, pastries, soups, etc (the lobster bisque was very good, apparently). Also, mimosas, Bellinis, and other champagne drinks are included in the brunch. You get to pick your entree from a list of about 15 delicious options. I opted for the medallions, which turned out to be basically 3 large fillets on top of spinach and mashed potatoes. Absolutely way more food than I expected and delicious!!! All of the other dishes also looked very delicious as we saw them coming out. The dessert portion was definitely a highlight, though, with a lot of dessert pastries (including a flourless chocolate espresso cake) as well as a white chocolate and dark chocolate fountain. I must say, I definitely enjoyed brunch at the Omni, but this is my new favorite special occasion brunch location!The best fine dining experience I've had in Philadelphia to date. Ambiance is great too.Went to a small wedding on the deck of the boat here. Was really beautiful and quaint. The dining room was a little small, but the bar on deck was great. A year after the marriage, the couple went to eat the piece of cake that the Moshulu sent them home with, when they cut it...it was a piece of styrofoam.Good food, but doesn't match the price on the quality!Beautiful view of the river, really nice decor, very cool. Drinks were really good, we had a couple of the non-alcoholic cocktails and they were great. The service was great, we had the Grand Crue and it was amazing. The swordfish was very good also, perhaps a little bit well done but overall a tasty dish. We had one of the potted desserts, the butter-scotch cream it was delicious. Great place for a date night or romantic evening.I honestly think the $$$ is for the sole fact that you are eating on a boat.
The price did not match the quality. The food presentation was beautiful, but I'm here for the grub.
The calamari was oily and left much to be desired. The seafood plates: scallops, mahi mahi were fine, but not compared to the price. The mahi mahi was lukewarm, bland, and a tad dry.
The service was attentive and friendly, sometimes a little much so, but no problems with that. 
I don't think I would go again if I don't have a Living Social deal.
Anyone else think the TV screen in the waiting area of the fake aquarium image is a little weird? Threw me off a bit.Where else can you go and feel as if you own a ship! I've been here several times on a Sunday to have bloody Mary's... which are delicious... it's never crowded, you're able to roam about the ship unchecked and there are plenty of spots to have total privacy and cuddle up w a beautiful view. 
So romantic and fabulous for a Sunday afternoon... if this were in Manhattan it'd be overcrowded- a hidden gem just outside of NY- this ship is a perfect example of why I love Philly... it's full of hidden gems. Put this on your bucket list when in town.Went to Bongo Bar for apps and drinks and to watch the fireworks last night.  They were busier than anticipated so many of the managers and other staff stepped in to help. Service was impeccable.  Food was great. Drinks were awesome and had an excellent time!!!!Amazing!!!! Amazing!!!! Took my gf there last night... Atmosphere was perfect, we were able to explore the outside deck and take pics... Food was delicious... Portions was a good amount, not too much or too little. There was even a fireworks show downtown that we watched from the boat... Plus I told the Resturant it was her bday... And They set up dessert with a candle with happy bday lettering... The waiter was incredible too he took pics of us around the boat and changed our cold bread for warm when it got cold while exploring the boat.,. 10 out of 10 we will definitely be back!!! My gf loved it also.. :)Short review:
The first time I went to Moshulu's was in 2009.  The dinner was so fantastic that I still rave about it to this day.
The second and third time I went to Moshulu's was 2011 and 2012.  Went for lunch both times and, well, was not that impressed.  Not sure if it's due to it being a lunch and not a dinner menu, but the food seemed adequate at most compared to a lot of the other food I've eaten elsewhere.  But this is coming for a veg*n-- I don't eat meat, so I'm not sampling any of the finer cuts of meat that people probably order when they do go there.  But for a veg*n eating there, it's just "okay".  If you're a veg*n, I would recommend spending your money elsewhere.I've been here several times, for dinner, happy hour, and private events. I recently visited with some family from out of town who wanted to explore the city and see great views. We went up to the top deck and ordered several drinks and some light bites including the truffle fries and cheese plate. We really enjoyed the casual, relaxed atmosphere. I had a bourbon drink with mint, honey & peach which was fantastic. The food was good as well.Nice view. Interesting ambiance. Great staff.  Ok food. Very pricey tho. They need a new  chef to get the food to match the cost.This place looked promising since I've never actually had dinner on a boat.
It's quite pretty on the top of the boat, but of course we were not seated up there. It looked like there might have been a private event up there.
We were finally seated down below, where there is a lot of room. It is HUGE. We got seated at a window by the water, but it was the water facing the dock. :(
The food was nothing spectacular. The tuna appetizer was the only somewhat appetizing thing that we ordered. The crab cake entree was not good at all. I could barely finish it.
The worst part of the experience is the service. The servers are all quite nice, but they are extremely inattentive. It is so difficult to get their attention to even refill your drink or to even order. They are just whisking right by you very quickly without looking. Overall, I would not come here again. It's just another tourist trap.I had the pleasure of enjoying a wonderful evening here for a birthday dinner. The service was impeccable and the food was succulent and delicious.Atmosphere is wonderful. Our server Emmy was extraordinary. The hostesses welcome you on arrival and ensure you are happy with your seating. We have come two nights in a row each time different drinks and different food both times everything was excellent.This place is for tourist that just want to be on a boat for food. The food is lack luster at best. Scallops were under cooked and pork belly dry extremely over cooked. Prepare to pay a lot for little. You will leave disappointed. If you like over cooked hard dry shell dumplings stuffed with short rib as an appetizure then think twice and pass.The food is exquisite and the staff are superb! Comfortable elegant surroundings and great view!DO NOT HAVE YOUR EVENT HERE
After literally two years of planning my son's Bar Mitzvah at Moshulu in Philadelphia the event was marred not only by what occurred the night of the party but by the subsequent attack on my character by a Partner.
The night of my son's Bar MItzvah and the day after when I met with another Partner, I was lead to believe that I would be financially compensated for problems that occurred during my event but when I spoke to another Partner the following Tuesday I was told that everything went as planned, my guests ate too much, I was cheap, I was lying about various things that occurred, and that he was embarrassed that we had acquaintances in common. He went on to say that my affair would forever leave a bad taste in his mouth.
So, I am left with sharing my story in hopes that no one else experiences what I went through or is subjected to an attack like I experienced.
A week prior to the event, upon hearing that the weather could be bad that night, I contacted Moshulu to discuss contingency planning since much of the party was to occur outside. I also asked about ventilation given the humidity. I was reassured that they do this all the time and that I had nothing to worry about with regard to rain or ventilation. I called back a few more times during the week just to make sure that weather would not be an issue and was reassured by two separate people that I had nothing to worry about.
Five minutes before my son's Bar Mitzvah service I received a call from Moshulu saying that they needed to move my party to another area on the ship. I was shocked since I had been repeatedly told that the weather would not be an issue. They recommended an alternative space for cocktails and again assured that it would accommodate my guests adequately. My agreement for the party was to have two separate areas for cocktails - one for the adults and one for the children. However, due to the issues described I was forced to combine both groups together in the same area for cocktails.
While driving from the synagogue to Moshulu I received a call from a guest at 8:20 indicating that the Moshulu staff was not allowing people into the party as they were not ready. My party was scheduled to begin at 8:00. The party did not begin until approximately 8:30.
I went to join my guests for cocktails and found that the area being used was incredibly crowded and hot. I was actually concerned for my guests' safety as there was only one exit and not everyone had arrived. It was so uncomfortable that people left the area and moved down into the dining area which was supposed to be closed until dinner.
While trying to figure out logistics I noticed that a group of waiters were standing together and that there were no hors d'oeuvres being circulated. I was told that they had no more. I had ordered what was recommended by Moshulu. When ordering I had asked if I had enough hors d'oeuvres on order I was assured that they do this all the time and I didn't have to worry about having enough.
The party now moved to the dining room. When I entered the room I asked whether the video had been tested and was assured that it had. Unfortunately Moshulu had neglected to tell the DJ or me that they were not going to handle the audio so my video, which I had spent weeks on, was not run with sound.
I had hired entertainment to play piano during dinner. He was recommended to me by Moshulu. Because the party was running an hour behind when his time was up, he left - so no piano during dinner. I also hired dancers who had to be paid extra due to the delay in when they would be able to perform.
On a minor note, the challah, which was bought for the occasion was never served to my guests.
After dinner, when we moved on deck for dancing (an hour later than my timeline called for), to my dismay, the dance floor was not arranged as agreed to on the floorplan provided by Moshulu . The reason this was so important is that I had wanted to maximize the space for dancing and not have people crossing the dance floor to get drinks or dessert. Approximately 50% more deck space would have been utilized had the floorplan been followed. The bar on deck was not set up as contracted and separate bars were placed on the dance floor.
In the agreement with Moshulu it requires 20% gratuity. I had no problem with this but did discuss that since I was paying a gratuity there should be no tip jars on the bars and that the bartenders should not be accepting tips since it was already paid for in our agreement. I was again assured that I had nothing to worry about. Therefore, I was shocked when I went to get a drink and found cash resting on the bar clearly indicating that the bartenders were accepting.
When I first got to Moshulu around 8:30 and spoke to a Partner at Moshulu he said I could extend the party past 1:00 a.m. At 12:30 a.m. I went looking for my contact to discuss this. I was told that she hadDecent food and the atmosphere on the boat was nice.  In the end, even with the all things considered, I wouldn't spend the $$$ here again in the future. The food was well below what I would expect from such a place. Plenty of other places nearby to eat with better food at the same price or less.  When we called and asked about bringing our 8 year old son to dinner with us and the dress code, I was assured it wouldn't be a problem.  The meal started well enough, everyone was enjoying the place and the food. However, our dinner went massively wrong when a inebriated couple arrived in the middle of dinner and sat next to us and continued drinking.  By the time our dessert had arrived the elderly woman started complaining about my son and insulting my family for ruining her special time with her man friend.  It was to late in the meal to ask to change seats and we just unhappily tried to finish the dessert and leave.  The manager apologized on our way out having abounded our dessert course and tried to make it better, but our schedule wasn't going to allow his options.  Anyway -- as I said above....I would look elsewhere before coming back to this restaurant.  I had great meals during my trip to Philly, but this was not one of them.Tough to give an accurate rating. The service is pretty atrocious, almost as if they don't bother to train the wait staff and have no system. We had to ask for menus, and the servers who brought the food - appetizers at the same time as the entrees - didn't know which table to bring it to. The food is okay, but not relative to the price. The $17 octopus appetizer had about 4 pieces of octopus. The salmon and swordfish were both good, but again the prices! The only reason to come here for dinner is to sit on the deck and look at the river.  If it weren't for entertaining a friend from out of town, I would be pretty dissatisfied.I like the style. Food. Every think. Sure I'll be back soon. I advice visitors to spend on night theirThe Moshulu is a fine dining experience.  The food and experience were well worth the price.  They are expensive but this is not your average chain restaurant.  Expect to pay for parking.Tonight I went to the Moshulu for a friend's birthday after having not been there for a few years. While the view and atmosphere are hard to beat, I have to say I was kind of off-put and disappointed by the service (and some of the prices).  We were seated on the outdoor deck upstairs, and the views were beautiful- no complaints there. When we sat down, I asked the waiter for water, as I noticed my spot was missing one, and the waiter snarkily told me it was right in front of me (which was really in front of the person next to me) and laughed. While I know this is pretty minor, I just feel like with the prices they're asking for/being a fine dining type of restaurant, a waiter should probably treat patrons with a little more respect.  Our table (we were a party of 8) noticed we didn't have any bread, and someone asked the waiter if there was any way we could have some. The waiter explained that the upstairs deck doesn't get bread because the "bread warmer" is downstairs and it would involve to much running up and down the stairs. He also said if he brought bread to our table, then other tables would see and ask about their bread. I'm sorry- but if you're charging on average $30 an entree, do you really not have a way to give your customers bread? Is there no way for Moshulu to buy a "bread warmer" for the upstairs deck? I feel like for a restaurant of their caliber, they should have that kind of issue resolved, and not skimp on bread based on where in the restaurant you're seated due to their inefficiency. Furthermore, given the prices, I feel like they should at least offer complimentary bread baskets to each table (like almost every other restaurant does). Later, someone at the table asked for another beer (one that they had ordered at the downstairs bar before being seated) and the waiter said he couldn't get it because it was downstairs. He then finally agreed to get it, and made it seem like some big favor that he was going to get it. Overall, I found the service to be lacking and disappointing, especially given the amount of money we spent to eat there. I got the vibe that we were more of a nuisance than valued customers, which I was really surprised to find at such a highly regarded and upscale restaurant. My food was okay, but definitely not worthy of the prices they charge. I don't think I will be returning anytime soon, and will tell others to do the same!My friend and I went here with a groupon and boy was it worth it. I literally came back the next weekend with my whole family.
The food here is just wonderful. I did not have a single thing I did not enjoy. The ambiance is perfect for a special fancy night out plus you feel extra classy because you are on a boat.
Definitely come here with the groupon otherwise it is very pricey.
I know it's not very important but the music was all very nice and nostalgic. I really enjoyed the little touches that Moshulu does to create a great atmosphere.
As far as food goes, everything I have eaten there is incredibly flavorful and memorable.
I would order the lobster sushi about 400 times if I could. I COULD not get over how incredibly delicious that was.
I also really enjoyed the octopus dish. If you are feeling adventurous, definitely go for it, you won't regret it. It is so flavorful and you've probably never had anything like it before.
As an entree I honestly don't know what I ordered but I remember just loving it. I know that I asked the waiter for a recommendation, and they were very friendly and polite about it and definitely were spot on with the suggestions.
For dessert though, you absolutely HAVE to get the s'mores. It's not your average s'more but it is the best one you've ever had.
I would definitely recommend coming here.Enjoyed brunch on this beautiful ship.   Great views and excellent service.   Food is amazing.The warm June weather convinced my friend Chris W and I to dine on the beautiful sailing ship-turned-restaurant called Moshulu. The views of the Camden Waterfront and the Delaware River from the dining room's many windows were quite dazzling. We started with a complimentary appetizer of artichoke hummus with crostini. "This is delicious! But I wouldn't eat it normally because it's so strong," I mused, admiring the taste of garlic. Our appetizers of Tropical Style Salmon Ceviche Tostada with salmon, mango, avocado, queso fresco corn tostada, and pineapple cilantro mojo and Pan Seared Baby Spanish Octopus with saffron potatoes, feta cigar, crispy chick peas, watercress, and smoked pepper purée were okay to unimpressive. The salmon and mango was a nice combination. The tostada chip was overkill. The octopus, sous-vided for several hours, was indeed tender as our waitress described, but lacked any flavor whatsoever. The smoked pepper purée sauce was quite bland. Perhaps the saving graces were the potatoes and chick peas. Our entrées were a different story. The Massachusetts Monkfish "BLT" came with smoked bacon, seared vine ripened tomato, grilled head lettuce, toasted brioche, and lobster chive Hollandaisse sauce. Everything on my plate was nicely prepared and tasted amazing. The tomato was mouthwateringly juicy. The bacon was thick and tasted like the best Virginia ham. The lobster chive Hollandaise sauce had a generous helping of chopped claw meat. It was amazing. Oddly, the monkfish didn't taste like lobster as our waitress described. It had more of the firmness of crab meat. Perhaps even stranger is the fact that the chef could've omitted the monkfish and I wouldn't have missed it because the rest of the ingredients were so good. Chris' Grilled Achiote Rubbed Quails deserves special mention. The quails had a delicious gamey, tasty flavor. I wasn't as impressed with its accompaniment of a foie gras and ramp tamale, however, as I found it to be quite bland. Where was the foie gras in it?I went here for Valentines Day, and all I can say from my experience is that you're obviously just paying for the view. The decor is so tacky! They could do so much with this place, but unfortunately it's just looks run down.
Honestly, for the prices you're paying, I don't understand why they can't spruce the place up a little. Wicker chairs and floral carpets? Come on guys.
We had to choose from a limited menu (since we went on a Valentines Day), which was essentially just mass produced, re-heated food but still at high prices.
Plus, you have to pay $12 to park in their own parking lot!
The food was average, but for the price, I was expecting more.
A lot more.
Philly is full of great restaurants. Moshulu is not one of them.Pretty, Fancy, Upscale restaurant. I Like that it is a boat converted into a restaurant. Food was displayed nicely but the salmon entree I had made me feel a bit nauseous. Expensive food and drink menu. Good, strong drinks.I had made a reservation on open table with this restaurant at 8:15 on a Sunday evening. My party arrived early and had drinks at the two bars with the expectation that we may be seated early by the hostess. At 8:36, we were contacted to move to our table. I had asked for the manager to come to the table to complain. No one arrived. At 8 :50 we left the table and went to dine elsewhere.  The restaurant had many open tables and was only modestly busy. While the wait staff was pleasant , this seemed like an old restaurant resting on its laurels. Very very poor service. Would definitely NOT recommend.  Our first impression of Philadelphia PA is extremely negative. If the convention and tourism bureau is listening ... You have work to do.Overpriced !   But if you got the money, what the hell, go for it,   Lobster bisque is a all time classic favorite here,  the fillet  and lobster are to. Die for,  and the service is beyond excellent.    Cannot best the ambience,   One of a kind experience.i'm a HUGE fan of brunch. after attending a wedding the night before, and discovering that the hotel restaurant was packed with everybody else from the wedding, a friend suggested the moshulu. i'm grateful that he did.
first off, it's a four-course brunch for $35. (they add tip and taxes so it really comes out to about $45 a person.) included are mimosas, kir royales, bellinis, and coffee/tea. the first two courses, breads and salads/soups, are served buffet-style. i'll be honest when i overloaded on the salads. the entree is chosen from a menu of about 12 items. i went with the steak and eggs, which was served ranchero style with guacamole. YUM. i wish i could have finished it! BUT WAIT! THERE'S MORE! 
dessert buffet. white chocolate fountain. dark chocolate fountain. assorted cakes (cheesecakes, flourless chocolate, tiramisu), cookies, and sweets. mini creme brulees and chocolate mouses. i forced myself to get dessert, not only to get my $45 worth, but because it all looked so good. it didn't help that they put the dessert buffet near the front door so i eyed my treats on the way in. loved every bite, even though i definitely overate.This review is for the wheelhouse bar only. The bartender was very down to earth and social. Great guy! We stopped here for a drink while walking Penns Landing and we're so glad we did. Took a little while to find the steel steps to the wheelhouse (they are out the door with the porthole :) but what a great experience! Hot day with a nice breeze sitting in the shade of the bar was a nice break. The view is amazing during the day, I can't even imagine what it's like at night. We checked out the menu and definitely will be returning for dinner very soon. Some things are more expensive than others but really not any more than a nice dinner at a regular restaurant with no view. Bartender earned our return biz.I never thought a tourist destination would serve such delicious food. We enjoyed several dishes with truffle flavors and the view from the deck was wonderful. The only downside was the very loud band that drowned out any chance of conversation after nine.Terrible service. I literally made a yelp account just to review this place. We waited an hour and a half for our food while a party of 10 next to us (who arrived after us) got theirs in 30 minutes. It was not busy and they were absolutely not understaffed. They didn't refill my water once or ask us how we were doing OR apologize for being slothy. When we asked to cancel our order they said our food was almost ready, yeah right. I will never come back here for food, don't even waste your time; the bar on the deck is cool though.My boyfriend surprised me and took me to the Moshulu for dinner this past weekend for my birthday.  Overall it was a good experience and the food was good.
Pros - Our server was very friendly and attentive. 
I had a dirty martini that was perfect. 
Our meals were both very good, crab cake and strip steak.  Both were cooked well and the portions were large.
Cons - He had requested outside seating a month ago when he made the reservation and then called again Thursday to confirm.  When we got there they said there was a private party so we had to be seated inside. Which we both found a bit disappointing because that was the main reason we went there for the view.Went there Thursday night all food was very salty said something to manager and she never came back to discuss with me. Very disappointedCame here for brunch on a rainy Sunday afternoon. Nice variety in entrees so everyone in our group was satisfied. Plus bottomless mimosas! We came straight after a 5k race and felt kinda bad about being so dressed down...but location-wise this place was our top choice. Heads up, they recommend business casual (the place is really nice!). Had a great experience, both with service and food, and will definitely be back.Prices alittle high and not a wide variety to me. I don't eat pork or beef Which eliminated half the menu.  The waiter was great and all the food we got was great. Crab cakes, sushi,  soup,  shark tuna or something like that.  It was four of us. Our bill was 200. Honestly I wouldn't go back thoThe boat was beautiful. I felt like I was inside of the Titanic movie set with all of the fancy staircases and decorations. Our service was pretty good as well. The food was not amazing by any means, it was just ok, but I guess you are paying for the atmosphere (which is a great experience in my opinion.) our food took about 45 minutes to come out and a table behind us who came after us got everything way before us (both mine and the table behind me were parties of 2) and I don't know if the waitress forgot about us or what but that was my only issue. Still giving it 4 stars because even though I waited I had a good night and just enjoyed being there period.I don't understand why I waited so long to come here! About 3 years ago I saw the chef at Audrey Claire COOK and since then it has been on my list. 
The meal and ambiance were both great, for an app we had the Spanish Octopus, I love octopus it was prepared with such flavor! For dinner, I ordered the filet and noodle salad it was delish and huge! Bob got the burger and said he would be back for more! Impressive how the chef can switch gears on so many flavors, usually when I see such drastically different dishes on a menu I think it's a red flag but they were all executed well! 
After dinner we walked around the ship learning its history, great way to spend the evening. I'm away all weekends in the summer but I still plan on getting back here for some HH's and dinners during the weekdays.Came here with my husband for Valentine's Day dinner. We had the three course meal. 
Problems with this restaurant 
1. Our waitress was very spacey. Her was Victoria 
2. I ordered Spanish Octopus it was very salty, no flavor and cold. This is also when the bread and butter came out. It was very hard and cold.
3. When we sat down for dinner I ordered a Coke. I didn't get that Coke until the main course because she kept forgetting. Also that Coke tasted like the inexpensive generic brand.
4. The second course comes and it's the Lobster bisque. This is also cold, no flavor and not much lobster in the bisque.
5. I asked the waitress if they turned the air on because it was so cold inside and she let me check. This also took her a while to check on. She said that there was a large party upstairs and that it was the door that was opened. She said that they had closed the door. It was never closed and still very cold. Also since it was cold in the restaurant I asked for hot water. The waitress brought me hot water in a cracked cup. So asked for a new one. She only gave me two cups of hot water. She didn't refill on water much and you had to keep reminding her for the simple things. Also didn't like to check up on her tables. She would disappear for long periods of a time. I could understand if she had a lot of tables to wait on but she didn't.
6. The women's bathroom was like going to the bathroom in Mainland China. Dirty, toilet paper all over the floor, and none of the toilets were flushed. 
7. The filet mignon was cold.
8. Desserts were nothing to write home about.
9. Again our waitress didn't do much. They had other waitresses and waiters bring out the cold food.
9. If I were you I would go to Del Frisco , Ruth Chris, Butch Singer, or Morton's for dinner instead of Moshulu.
Not worth the money and not worth the time dressing up for.
Also parking is $15 bucks and not valet parking!Had a 645 reservation, we were seated it was 7 30 and no server came to introduce themselves no water no one came over to us we got up and left and went somewhere else to eat.
When we told the front desk they were not apologetic nor did they try to make it right
Not impressedDropped by on Thanksgiving afternoon for drinks expecting at least a few beautiful fall-like floral arrangements only to see a couple old beat up pumpkins at the front door Barkeeper acted as if they were doing us a favor with drinks. After going on deck only to find dried bird crap on the tables and chairs. Wow, huge disappointment, won't be returning, thx!Had a nice dinner here a while back for a special occasion. The food was pretty good, but you can't beat the atmosphere! It feels like you're somewhere really special.Nice atmosphere, good food and friendly service. Has quite an interesting history and a very nice location.The environment is incredible romantic! The boat itself was in a scene of the God Father 2! 
The food is just wonderful, the salad with two kinds of tuna is amazing, the Sauce helped release the creamy texture of avacado and the freshness of fish. The main dish is with many Laiers of different meet including salmon beef. I had chocolate cake with green tea ice tea for dessert!Moshulu made our romantic night out for my boyfriend's birthday one to remember. When making the reservation on Open Table, I mentioned in the comments that it was his birthday. Upon our arrival, we received a card with our menus wishing him a happy birthday! 
The service was incredible, the server knowledgeable, the hostess accommodating, and the ambiance romantic. It was a beautiful dinner on the boat, and the food was some of the best I've ever had [I ordered the Amish Chicken with Truffle Gnocchi--the best chicken I've ever had]. We even got a mini-appetizer, compliments of the chef, and a dessert for his birthday-- a mini chocolate martini and chocolates. It was well worth the experience. We have since gone back for Valentine's Day & were very pleased again!My husband and I chose to host our wedding reception at Moshulu and could not have been happier. The entire planning process, from our initial meeting with Jake and Jesse, to the end of the evening was perfect. Our evening could not have run any smoother despite weather and a few minor issues that arose. Every guest raved about the menu and cake, and several guests went back to the buffet several times. I cannot thank them enough for creating my dream reception!The brunch buffet is phenomenal! Bottomless mimosas and bellinis, and so many delicious food options. I enjoyed everything I ate today, and I ate a LOT of things. The dessert table is not to be missed.There most certainly is a restaurant but the bar on deck is the place to be on a summer Friday because of a 9:15 fireworks show.  The bar food was OK, but the sliders appetizers is 2 small burgers...not too much to share.  JRG and I split a regular burger, so the fact that they cooked it rare instead of the medium-well we requested was very obvious.  Happy hour goes until 7:30, so you have to pay full price for your drinks for 105 minutes before the fireworks start.  The show is decent but seem dim when there's a Riversharks game and and hour later they do their outstanding fireworks show on summer Fridays.  The wait staff stopped service to the deck at 9 because a DJ party was starting.  The truth is the boat transforms into a Delaware Ave. nightclub at 9 or so. Buyers of "one last drink" beware!Ugh, RIDICULOUS!  They say they are open 'til 9pm on Monday but when we call to make 8:30 res., they say how about 8:15.  I say "well, not sure I can make it there by then..."  And they say they are closing early so....  o k a y   see 'ya!!!  It's too bad, MoshuluThis place is awesome to get drinks on the rooftop! The last two times we went on a Saturday afternoon they were out of ice pops for their famous ice pop wine drinks... disappointing... if you are going just for that I recommend calling ahead to make sure their freezer is working.I enjoyed Father's Day 2014 here for brunch with the hubby and the girls.  The service and atmosphere was great.  Being a holiday, it was not overly crowded and the lines for the buffet were scarce.  Plenty of options for every palate were available.  I especially enjoyed the crab claws and the omelet and crepe stations.  Oh and let's not forget the unlimited mimosas. 
The price was expected for a holiday brunch on a boat...  $65 for brunch and unlimited mimosas, Bellinis or Royales ($55 without).  Keep in mind for holidays, 20% gratuity is automatically included, which was fine because the service was exceptional.  
On my list of brunch spots to visit again and again.We got a gift certificate for The Moshulu and were very pleased with everything we experienced.  I'm not fan of boats, but once I got over the fact that I could see the water moving under us, I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food and the service.  Everyone was friendly and we cleaned our plates.  The seafood dishes we had were amazing and we'd gladly go back once we have enough money - or get another gift certificate :)Overpriced food that was not fresh and quite salty. The sourdough bread served was stale. The "Crispy Asian Calamari" was anything but crispy and sat under the lights for far too long before being served. "Butternut Squash Soup" was the soup of the day and was too sweet as an app. Server did not cite the specials, we were fortunate to have overheard another server citing them to another table to even know what they were. For such a fancy atmosphere, the service was pathetically slow and sloppy. I think we detected a few fake accents as well, I mean... please.Visited Moshulu for restaurant week's opening night. The ship and atmosphere is very romantic - fine dining, five star impression for sure! 
The food was delicious and the presentation was very impressive.  We had an 8:15 reservation and were seated after a few minutes waiting. The only negative feedback that I can give is related to the waiter. He was less than attentive and my boyfriend had to repeatedly request refills on water... Also we were warned that because we were ordering off of the restaurant week's menu, that the portions would be smaller. I'm not certain the warning was necessary because the portions seemed fair to us, but perhaps a deterrent from ordering off restaurant week? The standard prices for the menu are rather high... $30 burger? 
The desert was delicious and my favorite part of the meal. Overall, very nice experience and we will return.Moshulu is a nice treat every now and then. The last time I was there was at the end of the summer for a staff dinner. We sat on the top side deck during happy hour, and the drinks were great. They were well balanced, great flavor, and strong as hell. 
I got the seafood salad roll, my coworkers had the burger and crab cakes. Everything was great and the seafood was very fresh. I'd be back for a special occasion perhaps but it's a little steep for my average pocket.