The food was plentiful and very good.  I ate twice from the left overs.  The service could use some work.  And don't be fooled by the reservation system.  If you don't get a call back after you do the reservation you were not granted the reservation time.The ice tea is excellent!
I was really disappointed with the service that I received. I had an hour wait for my appetizer. In addition my entre was incorrect but I coundnt find my waiter to make the correction never was I ask I was everything.... It's a shame because they have a lot of potential but with the service and lack of professionalism eventually if they don't take action they will lose out on a lot of revenueMy experience at Ms. Tootsies was phenomenal. Our waitress Afua was very attentive to our needs. She was pleasant & made certain we were taken care of by answering any questions we had such giving recommendations where to go hangout in Philly. My salmon entree  Also the chef came over to our table as well as each & every other table. The customer service is more than exceptional. The manager was more than welcoming. I felt right at home especially with this being my first time. Thank you Afua for making our dinning experience pleasurable & thank you to the wonderful staff at Ms. Tootsie's.An ode* to Miss Tootsie's:
M - Macaroni and cheese is yummy and good!  So very cheesey!
I -  It makes no sense how good that tea is!
S - Super cool and attentive waitress (Alexis) - ask for her when you go!
S -  Small space, so I wouldn't go on a weekend.  Week nights are good though.
T - The atmosphere is nice.  There are black and white photos of local Philly artists (Musiq, Kindred, Jaguar Wright, Jazmine Sullivan, etc.) on the walls.
O - Oh my goodness, that tea is GOOD!
O - Our orders came out piping hot...I even burned my tongue.  Totally my fault, though.
T-  The waitress and I had a discussion about hot sauce.  In case you're interested, they use Crystal.
S - Super cute take-home bags.
I - I tried my friend's ribs, they were yummy!
E - Everything was tasty!
S - So yeah, I'll definitely go back - but not on a weekend.
Seriously though, I'd been wanting to go to Miss Tootsie's for a while, but I just hadn't gotten around to going.    I'm not gonna lie, this place is tiny, but now that you know it's small, you shouldn't be surprised.  The food was tasty, but not quite seasoned enough for my taste.  To be fair though, it is the week after Thanksgiving, and I've been eating my Mom's cooking for the past week.  Regardless of where you go, no soul food restaurant is gonna match Grandma's or Mom's cooking, but this place is good, and I'll definitely go back.
* So technically this isn't an ode....so what...shut up! ;-)Southern Sangria is stronger than any European Sangria you've ever had. It's also more fruity, more flavorful and more maroon than any of that flimsy Spanish drink.
Prior to your meal, Ms. Tootsie serves up a giant cornbread muffin as big as your fist. Slather some strawberry honey butter on around the brown top and take a giant bite. The cornbread is as gold as the ripest corn and exudes a flavor akin to midwest state fair corn dunked in butter. It's moist, bountiful and hearty...just the way cornbread was intended to be...
The Chicken and Waffles is simply amazing. Usually not one for any sort of chicken, the buttermilk fry on these strips was too crispy, too clean, too golden not to gobble up. The waffles were fat and golden, and much like their tender counterparts, were smooth and moist on the inside. Served with pure syrup and any other requested condiments, this appetizer is enough for a meal.This place was amazing! Ms Reni made the most amazing drinks and had such an amazing personality and our waitress, Jiamond was fantastic. Her personality and attentiveness was out of this world. I will be back tomorrow for brunch!I really wanted to love this place, I really did. The staff was friendly, the decor and atmosphere was great. The food? Not so much. The corn bread which contained too much sugar as it is came with cinnamon butter I believe. I love sugar but I dont want to drown in it. Secondly, everything contained salt, I mean my goodness why? Really? why? The lobster mac and cheese even had obey seasoning on it. I felt like calling my doctor for a prescription of high blood pressure meds right then and there.  
The cook had the nerve to come out and ask if I felt the love or could taste the love in the meal? If the love is salt, then yes I taste a whole lot of it.The food is wonderful but comes in small portions considering the bloated prices.  
I had the okra and collard green sides, both of which tasted really good.  The fried chicken was very good as well but for $20 I got a tiny drum stick and smaller than average thigh piece.  
The chicken pieces were so small they were more like quail pieces or perhaps hummingbird pieces.  The drum stick was more like a dwarf stick.  I'm exaggerating but you get the idea.  That is my gripe, give me more chicken in my main entrée.  
The service was okay albeit a little disorganized.  My food took forever to arrive.  
Very modern and well appointed interior.  The restaurant is clearly going for a cutting edge hip hop ambiance and succeeds to that end. 
 Ms. Tootsie's serves up tasty food but much sure you bring a full wallet if you want a full stomach.One of my favorite soul food restaurants. I had my 40th birthday party here last year and everything went perfectly from the arrangement and meetings with Mr. Parker to the night of my party. It was one that I'll never forget! I came here most recently with my coworker on a Friday evening and I'd had the Caesar salad with shrimp which was delicious. Tbh, I am usually sick of salads because I end up having to get one since I don't eat any real meats, but when I tell you this salad is the BOMB.com. It is sooooo tasty and filling. It's better than any Caesar salad that I've ever had. I had to cut each shrimp into three parts because hey were so big. My coworker had the buffalo shrimp and they looked delicious. We were both extremely satisfied and to top it off the chef came out to check on us and she was so pleasant. This was just another reason to come back, the ambiance, the food and the service was perfect!I went with high expectations.  They don't take reservations unless you're a party of 8 or more.  I had no idea that on a Wednesday at 6:15 there would be a 45- 55 min. wait.  Besides the bar area, which was full, there was nowhere to sit.  The upstairs waiting area only had a few spots- all taken.
Maybe it was an off night, but the food was just OK.  It was problematic that I don't eat meat.  Since all the green vegetables were cooked with turkey, I decided to order the caesar salad with grilled salmon.  Dressing was unremarkable and served on the side.  The crouton coverage was too heavy.  Might have been different if they were special in some way, but they tasted like they came out of a box.  The salmon portion was sizable- maybe 3/4 of a lb, but it was pretty tasteless.  Cornbread muffins were fresh and hot- decent tasting, though I would have ratcheted back the sugar.   I tried some of my friend's sweet potatoes.  They were OK.  She had shrimp and grits.  I also tried the grits.  Very bland, sprinkled with shredded cheese.  
I rate them 3 stars because our waiter was very nice as was the hostess and other staff.  Speed of service was OK.  Atmosphere was nice.  My friend wanted dessert to go and asked after the check had already been prepared.  He brought the cake and didn't charge us.I was a Ms. Tootsies fan... My better half and I got dinner takeout last night and let me just say it was nothing less than horrible. I got the chicken wing platter with okra and yams and she got the chicken and waffles, the okra was horrible and had no favor. Her waffles were placed in the same container as the hot wings so by the time we took the 20 minute ride home they were a soggy mess. Also there was no syrup in the bag ( thankfully we had our own). C'mon Ms. Tootsies lets get back to what made you on of the best.Went on a double date. 
The bad: parking. They are anal in Philly. Got a ticket at 9:57PM--3 minutes before it was free street parking. The waiting time was also EXTREME. We waited about an hour and a half to be seated. 
The good: AMAZING FOOD!! Great portions. I ordered smothered pork chops, macaroni and cheese, and yams. Only was able to finish less than half a pork chop. My boyfriend ordered collard greens and they were amazing  (I don't eat everyone's collards). 
I will return but maybe on a weekday and maybe after 10PM (people were seated faster after that time).I've been to Ms. Tootsie's twice this week in an effort to redeem a Living Social coupon before it expires.  I haven't actually had a chance to do that though.  The first night, I was told there would be about an hour wait for a party of 2.  It was a weekend, so that wasn't too bad.  Waited around for more than an hour and gave up when hunger won out.  Figured I'd try again on a weekday.  
Wanted to make reservations to avoid a wait, but they don't do reservations for small parties.  Ok, fine. I went back early on a Wednesday.  No wait, then right?  Wrong.  A 2 hour wait.  Yes, a 2 hour wait for dinner at 6 pm on a Wednesday.  Ok, fine. The weather was nice, so I put my name on the list and left a phone number (at their request) so that we could wonder down South street a bit rather than loitering in front of the main door.  Hostess says ok.  2 hours go by. Nothing. 3 hours go by. Nothing. No one ever even bothered to call. And I know they had the correct number.
What a waste.  Although given how poor their service has been before even seating me, maybe this was a blessing in disguise.Nice decor.  Tables are a little small but thats not really a big deal for me. No waiting area which can be a big deal on those busy days.. Our waitress was extremely nice and personable! Ok now to food.. I loved the corn muffins with the strawberry butter! The tilapia was good but could have used more seasoning.. Mac and cheese was delicious as well as the candied yams! Grown folks tea a little too strong for me, all you taste is alcohol. I would come back!We just had a lovely meal at Ms. Tootsies.  The service was excellent and the food was great.Tried Ms Tootsie's with a Groupon.  Food was a bit mixed but I had a lovely time, partly because service and seating were so great.
Complimentary Cornbread Muffins were great!  Some crisp on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside.  My companion thought they were a bit on the sweet side, but I didn't mind. Served with strawberry butter -- very nice.  4.5 stars
Crab Mac & Cheese Balls: Not bad, not amazing.  Solid. 3 stars
Fried Catfish: Very nice.  Light and juicy. 3.5 stars
Fried Chicken: Crispy but not much flavour.  One piece was a bit dry.  Other was juicy and perfectly fried.  Wouldn't want again because inconsistent and flavourless. 2 stars
For sides, I enjoyed the potato salad, which had a bit of a spicy kick -- definitely would get this again.  Okra and corn & collards were also all right.  The candied yams were way too sweet for me -- all I could taste was syrup, so I found that a bit hard to eat.
Service was excellent -- our server was so friendly and smiley.  Her good cheer and helpfulness made dinner very pleasant.  Had a table with a boxy couch which was real comfy.  It's big enough for two, which is nice if you want to get cozy with a companion.  4+ starsMy family and I ended our day trip to Philly by eating here. For most of us, it was our first visit that did not disappoint. 
We were a party of 7, so understandably, we were told our wait would be about 30 minutes. We waited 15-20 at best. The interior of the restaurant is clean and posh with elegant seating for smaller, intimate groups. There was a live DJ playing a pleasant mix of oldies and contemporary R&B that added to the obviously Black owner atmosphere. 
Our server, August a fabulous young lady that was very professional. It's easy to say someone with a party that large is just doing what they're supposed to, but her attentiveness and friendly attitude is what feels like above and beyond customer service. 
Finally... the food! The food was on point. I had the shrimp and grits with the collard greens and mashed potatoes as my sides. Everything was delicious. Most of us sampled from each other's plates, so I can say the catfish and candied yams were amazing, too! The only bad part of the visit was having to leave. I really wish this restaurant had a location in Baltimore. (My boyfriend said Miss Tootsie's reminds him of Jacksonville in New Jersey, which is an amazing compliment because he doesn't like anything and we both love Jacksonville.)
Edit: our waitress's name is AUGUST not Autumn. Sorry, Sis!I was in philly for the day and I really just wanted a good meal. Like not wings or a burger, just a while meal with sides and everything, so i came across this place. The food was on POINT! I got fried chicken and it really tasted like it was fried in someone's aunty's kitchen. My gf got the turkey chops and I wanted to trade plates soooooo bad. The greens were a little salty, but if your enjoy salty go for it! But you cant this glorious meal all day. It opens at 5, so i went to the small cafe next door and waited for it to open (other yelpers recommended getting there early cuz it fills up quick-- which was true.) there is a bar side with about 5 dining tables and then the overflow side which is not as exciting over there. The bar side had a dj and a very comfy vibe! They have a very nice ambience which a couch side to the booth tables on the bar side. I enjoyed myself!Great ambiance and food! We haven't been to Ms. Tootsie's since 2013 and the new enhancements were lovely. From the hostess, to the waitress, to the food, our experience was amazing! We didn't feel like ppl were up on our backs while eating, and the waitress offered my baby some Mac n cheese and she loved it. I'll definitely go back again to try something different on the menu. We had the fried filet which was seasoned so good. The green beans were delicious too. Only critique is to have better wines...my wine wasn't very tasty. I should of got the famous tea instead.Ambiance, service, FOOD!!! Everything is stellar and warm. The servers, bartenders, and host/hostesses all present themselves as professional and proper, patient and peaceful. I love this place. I come often and I leave more than satisfied every time. I love the way they serve the food and the accompaniments. The drinks are quite tasteful and adequate. No complaints whatsoever. Ms. Tootsies is a must-do when you visit Philadelphia, and a prime location on South Street.sheed n melz ....
                the service was very mediocre, me n my wife went twice the first time service was terrible we couldn't sit n eat because they said wait time one hr. and they would call us once the table was ready but we never got the call n we waited a hr n 45 mins when we checked on our table the host said they were closing n we couldn't sit and they had the nerve to tell us we could get take out which is not what we wanted !!!!! and the 2nd time we went closer to opening and they were not as busy and we were seated right away ... the server was ok but had a very weird energy to her which made us a little uncomfortable .. however my wife and i were very upset at the fact they have a unisex bathroom which is very inappropriate and uncomfortable for the both of us and everyone in my opinion also the bathroom downstairs was backed up and had a broken toilet and its to loud in the restaurant ,and it is definitely not kid friendly.. lastly i will say the food was good ..Don't waste your $$ or time. 40 min.wait only to be served 2star food at 4star prices. Total disappointment. Small portions served (entree&sides). Food wasn't hot. Checked prices online before going&found most entrees were approx.$3.00 more on menu in restaurant. Use to be a nice establishment several yrs ago. Don't know what happened. Needless to say i won't be returning.Came around 3pm on a weekday and it was soooo crowded already! So we took our food to go, but the fried chicken was still amazing when I got to sink my teeth into it!
Amazing fried chicken!!! The cornbread was good, but we didn't get the strawberry butter! I would go back to Philly just go get some more of this chicken!This has to be the smallest dine in restaurant in the world, wow. Over-rated? Yes. My meal was okay, I ordered catfish that had been fried in chicken grease. Our waiter was excellent, she got a huge tip from me. My cousin was unable to get the dish she wanted because they didn't have the components to make it, so the waiter make her a dish and put in on the house. She said she wants her customers to be happy when the leave. That good gesture was the high point of our experience but I would not go there to eat again, unless it gets bigger.The food here was pretty good and in my opinion and reasonably priced. I had the adult ice tea which was fantastic, the catfish with cabbage and mac n cheese. The portions were perfect to me because they were not gigangoloid or too cute and small. The only issue for me is that everything here is fried................. which if I would have check the menu prior to coming I would have known that. But overall the food is tasty, relatively affordable and a pretty decent atmosphere to sit and relax.I was in town for the Penn Relays and a friend really wanted to try this place because it was highly recommended for great soul food.  
First, let me say the service from beginning to  end was outstanding! August was our server and she was sweet, knowledgeable,  and had a kind spirit.  
I ordered the Mojo signature drink and let me tell you , they did not hold the alcohol. My goodness it was strong but yummy! 
Before our drinks arrived some yummy corn muffins with a delicious strawberry butter was delivered. Oooohhhh weeeee they were good! The right amount of sweet and moist. PERFECT! 
I also ordered the Catfish with cabbage and Macn' cheese. Let me tell you about the good part of the dish first. The Cabbage is Heavenly! The texture was perfect and it was seasoned with the right amount of spice. It definitely has a kick to it but its a sop it up with your corn muffin spicy. The Mac n' cheese was different but good. It taste like it had sour cream in it. At first bite it overpowered the cheese flavor but then it was a welcomed mix of savory and cheese. Yuuuuuumy! 
Now own to the not so good part of my dish. My first impression of the Catfish just by looking at it, I wasn't impressed.  The size was small and it was cut very thin. It was two small pieces. While it was  hot and the skin was crispy the texture inside was rubbery. I thought it was frozen fish and not fresh, not flaky and definitelynot a thick cut. I tried to eat it but i just couldn't.  I  did inform my server that I was not staisfied and she offered to have the kitchen make me some more.  Once the second batch came out i was still disappointed. I really wanted to rave about my entire entree but I can't. 
My friend had the chicken wings and she said it was absolutely delicious.  The wing size was huge and they appeared to be piping hot. 
I will definitely come back for the Cabbage alone, lol. I will also recommend this to anyone looking for a great atmosphere, service, drinks, cabbage,  and mac n cheese.Okay so I tried to give this place a 2nd chances after my 1st review ..why did I do that !!!! I felt so upset because I suggested 4 of my friends and myself go here ..now let me just say this I don't know what happen to them serving alcohol but they no later do..first disappointment because that don't acknowledge that on their website and we came from out of town again. Now please tell me why the hell are they serving Pepsi and Sprite out of a 2 liter bottle???? The buffalo shrimp was great ..now 2 of us ordered shrimp and grits were terrible!!! Let me describe ...the shrimp that was fried and sitting on top was good but the grits that was cold ,and hard as Hell!!!..I asked the server Kirah could they be made without the cheese and she said no it was mixed in but when they came out the cheese was sprinkled on top.....I was so pissed off didn't want to eat them ...this is really bad!!!..my other friend ordered the smothered turkey chop ...more bones then meat after you dig pass all the gravy..all the sides was cold except the greens..the other 2 friends ordered fish...average...Now for a business to charge these upscale prices ...it has got to improve ...I really felt bad taking us there and no one ate their food....I wanted to complain but my one of my friends just said let's just pay for our food and get the f$&k out of here....but that is really upsetting when the bill was over $200.00...last chance..I'm over this establishment !!!!!! They really need HELP!!!!!!!!!You can find this same exact good food at any black baptist church before second service starts lol.Ms. Tootsie's is good for the most part. The ceasar salad is fantastic (dressing is delish!), the fried chicken is good and seasoned well, so are the string beans.. 
Now.. The Mac & Cheese.. I have a theory that the Mac and Cheese you order on the side (that costs you an additional $6) and the mac and cheese you order with you dinner as 1 of your 2 sides are COMPLETELY DIFFERENT! The one that comes with your dinner is less seasoned, less cheesy, the noodles are even different. The one you PAY for on the side is cheesy, seasoned well, and the noodles are great... They may want to work on consistency with that....Soul food...No way! I'll give them an A for effort for the ambiance alone. The service is terrible...we waited for a hour just to be seated. Once seated we were greeted by a waitress who apparently had something better to do. I ordered chicken wings, mac & cheese, with greens. Chicken was under cooked and mac & cheese was just strange to say the least. I'm not sure how this place stays in business...won't get my business again. There has to be a better option in the city of Philadelphia.
Oh and out of corn bread...which seems to be a common issue for this place!Food = Good. Service = Terrible. I can stay home and cook some pretty damn good food. I go out for good food AND good service. This place can't deliver both. 
A small group of us went on a Saturday night around 7pm. Reading the other reviews I knew we would wait and was expecting it, so we had planned to wait at the bar and have a few drinks. We were told the wait would be an hour. As we walked up stairs to the bar on the 3rd flood we noticed many open tables in the restaurant. When we asked about them we were told "they're reserved". Hmmm.... I thought you didn't take reservations? These weren't tables setup for large parties. They were 4 and 6 tops. No big deal, we planned on waiting at the bar and having a few drinks anyway. 
We sit at the bar and order a round of drinks. While we're sitting and talking a server filling glasses at the bar spills an entire glass of ice water on my friends lap. Hey, mistakes happen. He wasn't exactly happy, but handled it very well. While this server is cleaning up the mess he's actually snickering and smiling! Really!?!? That's when I start getting a little pissed. Again, we let it go, say nothing and continue our conversation. I finish my beer and am waiting for the bar tender to ask if I'd like another. Well, an hour later, nothing. Never offered me another drink. Never asked how we were doing, nothing. We were at the bar for over an hour and not once did she check on us or ask if anyone needed refills. Just a terrible bartender. 
After waiting at the bar for close to 2 hours (we were told it was a 60min wait) and asking twice if our table would be ready soon (it's now almost 9pm and were starving. Of course the bartender never asked if we'd like to order some appetizers) we finally get sat. The room was dirty. Trash, food, crumbs, etc all over the floor. A dirty restaurant is a big turn off. If the area I can see is dirty, what's the kitchen look like? 
Now the GOOD part of the evening. Our server at the table was great. Very friendly, very knowledgeable, just an all around great server. The food was also fantastic. The chicken and waffles, the corn bread, the veggies, everything was very good. This was my first time eating collard greens and I have to say, I wasn't disappointed. During our meal, our server asked my friend if he was the one who had the ice water spilled on him. He said yes and was then told they'd give him a dessert on the house. We ordered dessert, which was also great, then the bill came. Of course, they didn't take my buddies dessert off the bill. In the end it was only a few dollars and we just paid for it. We were using a groupon which paid for a considerable amount of the bill so we weren't going to complain over a few dollars. 
All in all.... I want to go back for the food (I literally crave their chicken and waffles almost daily), but won't because of the terrible service. Anyone can have a bad night, but first impressions are hard to break. And our impression was that we were more of a hindrance then a customer. I would go back if I knew we would have the pleasure of being waited on by the same server, but unfortunately I'm sure that wouldn't be the case.be prepared to leave with a carry-out box! Ms. Tootsie's is not a game - the food is AMAZING and they give you plenty of it! i had the smothered pork chops, mac and cheese, and collards. the chops were succulent! the collards were flavorful and the mac was very good! the corn muffins and sweet tea hit home though. definitely coming back for more! oh - the address is actually 1312 South Street!I wish I could give this restaurant 100 starts, but I am limited to 5. This was my second visit and I am even more in love with this restaurant. The food is absolutely phenomenal.  The service is impeccable. And, the ambiance and flavor of the restaurant is on point. There is a DJ on Fridays. The DJ yesterday was amazing. The music was maybe a tad bit loud, but the music being played compensated.  I live in Va. But, had a girls' weekend in Philly.  Tootsies is definitely the highlight of our trip. I am a forever fan!Great food horrible service regarding making reservations. I've come on numerous occasions after making an online reservation that never provides a confirmation number nor a confirmation email. They should really consider taking reservations over the phone or at least fix their website !!I've lived in the Philadelphia area all my life and never been here before. Being that everyone talks about Ms. Tootsie's and have recommended it, I decided to give it a try. 
So i decided to go with some colleagues. Upon my arrival, I was seated. This place looks amazing. Very nice interior. Our server, Nini, was amazing and I loved how accommodating she was. 
The corn bread blessed my entire life!! And the strawberry butter. I got the southern fried chicken with Mac and cheese and Yams. 
The food was okay, nothing spectacular in my opinion. 
My experience was lovely. I think i would come back.The service is horrible and is unorganized. The collard green is salty, candied yams taste like syrup. Drinks are over overpriced and food is overrated. Wings. Mac, potato salad is great. Customer service is trash and takes too long. Word of advice if you don't like your job just don't work there. The music was great and parking was a hassle.
Update: the owner reached out to me he was understanding and was attentive about working towards how to make this a better experience next time. He went out his way to make sure my issues was resolved I think that deserve two more stars.Last night was my first dinning experience at Ms Tooties and it was favorable!!  Wait staff was courteous and food for most everyone in our party said to be delicious. I know what I ordered was delicious anyways.  Starter the crab cake with watermelon salsa on top not enough but great neither the less great start. We had a large party so our wait time was a little longer than the group wanted but was made up with the delivery of food. We had an array of menu selections and most everyone enjoyed their selections.  Especially the mac & cheese.  We where celebrating a birthday and opted to cut our own birthday cake.  Fee to slice cake only complaint.This company is the prime example of why black businesses don't get supported the way they should. Ok so i had a birthday dinner there 2 years ago and i had the best time no issues food was great, everything was fine flash forward to 2017 i literally had the worst experience twice within 1 month so the first week of april i went back for a datenite with no reservation    and was told it was a 2 hour wait, which was cool so i left my phone number and basically just took a stroll down south st i didnt even get 2 blocks away (in heels) when my phone rang the lady said "hey your table is ready, hurry up back because if not we will give it to the next person"  i thought that was rude but nonetheless i took off my heels and power walked back to the restaurant when we were shown our table in the back THERE WERE 6 OPEN TABLES!!!! How they got a 2 hour wait i have no idea! But we were still like ok! Anyways the server came to the table  15 mins after we were seated took our drink order and we didnt see her again for an half hour i had to find her to say where are my drinks she than finally came back and brought those complained about the bartender and finally ordered our food which was crazy because everything we asked for we were told they didn't have anymore the waitress even expressed how embarrassed she was food came literally another 50 mins later we ate and left, on the 28th i made a reservation online because i am well aware of the wait time i went on a double date on the 29th with my co worker and her fiancee who have both never been so i decided to take one for the team after the last outting there, we arrived at 9 pm to find that they were not taking reservations for this "weekend" i than asked how was i able to make a reservation online if that was the case she said she didnt know i asked for a manager when the manager came i explained the story she very nonchalantly said "well it was on the website that there was no reservations to be made this weekend and that i needed to wait on the list atleast an hour like everyone else, Now im no expert at customer service however i am a manager at a very popular chain where customer service is EVERYTHING!!! and we go out of our way to not have customers leave unhappy apparently this means nothing to this establishment i dont know if this is the owner's family and friends but you guys need help when it comes to customer service a manager is supposed to fix shit not sit in someone's face with a smirk like you are happy at the fact that you lost 4 cutomers 2 who have never been for good!!! I always want try to make sure i support black owned businesses but this restaurant shows me why i shouldn't needless to say we found a nice restaurant with great food and music that exceeded our expectations so the night wasn't a complete loss i wish i had the owners email because you need to tend to that restaurant before that place closes down your staff completely sucks and they make you look bad!!!!! You dont even deserve the 1 star they force us to give you DO BETTERThe food at Ms. Tootsies is great but the restaurant seems to be run VERY poorly. I arrived at 7pm and was told there was an hour to an hour and a half wait. Although that seemed long considering this place has an entire upstairs section they don't ever use, I decided I would wait anyway. At 8:30, I asked if my table would be ready soon and was told I was next but the hostess was unsure when I would actually be seated. As I looked around at several empty tables and a slew of people leaving, I asked why I couldn't  be seated at one of the many empty tables. I was then told that one of the cooks left and even if I was seated, there would be at least another 45 minute wait for my food. Every time I was come to Ms Tootsies, the wait has been extremely long and the staff seems to not care and/or make up wait times to keep you around. In my opinion, this restaurant could be run a lot more efficiently so that the service/management could match the food. I certainly wont be coming back for awhile...The food was delicious!!! Unlike a lot of reviews I have seen on here, there was someone at the front door to greet us. At first we were up stairs which had very little light, and the furniture seemed outdated to me. Then they moved us downstairs  near the entrance where we really didn't want to be seated, which was very tight and close to other parties that you can hear their conversations. It was Mother's Day so I felt like they did a good job on getting the food out. I do not feel like we were waiting a long time at all. Our waiter was also very nice and knew the menu. Their was not a kids menu so that was a downer, but they give plenty of food so I was able to share what I had with my daughter. My husband also complained that he wanted more of a selection for the entrées. But again it was Mother's Day, and we went during brunch hours so I think the menu may have been different. Overall, the food was delicious, and I would return again. I had the fried chicken made crunchy and well seasoned, collard greens was yummy, and I had the lobster Mac and cheese also delicious. The appetizer was also delicious, which was jumbo shrimp, crab cake, lobster Mac and cheese ball. Off the strength of the food I give it 4 out of 5 stars...I love soul food, but will take my mom and pop corner place a few blocks away instead of traveling to this high brow restaurant where the service was terrible and the food underwhelming.  
It took them well over 20 minutes to come to our table even to give us water let alone ask what we wanted to eat.  A woman, who I assume was the owner apologized and gave us 10% off our check, which I appreciate, but still, it was strange because it was a Tuesday PM and the restaurant had hardly any customers.
The corn bread was too sweet and had a Jiffy mix taste.  I'm a sides girl and loaded up on them.  Sweet potatoes, way too sweet.  Just caked and crusted with sugary syrup or something.  I like to be able to taste just a bit of the sweet potato and maybe even some orange.   I have a sweet tooth and these made me gag.  I also have a salt tooth and the greens and green beans were so damn salty it just seemed like a mistake.  
My friends ordered fried chicken and offered a bite.  I said a polite no thanks as it  just looked dry and unappetizing. 
I do give this place props for being polite.  My friends brought their unruly children who were a handful and we never once got snide remarks from the staff.  (Thanks for putting up with us!)I've only ever had mediocre service at Ms. Tootsie's.  I don't think it's the fault of the waitstaff either. They try, and some are better than others, but I think there's a management problem that makes the experience inconsistent.  The food is delicious, the restaurant's nice, but the dining experience has always made me anxious.  It's too overpriced for even amazing soul food, but the wait is often too long for that price, among other things.  Many times the phone just rings after several attempts, but when I get there it's empty.  I'm really annoyed when they don't put cornbread in my takeout - it's a staple and comes with the meal.  They also play with portion size when they're having a party upstairs.  It's as if I'm expected to understand their shortcomings as a restaurant.  Since we were both (hubby & I) usually annoyed upon leaving, we don't go there anymore. Hopefully, they'll get it right one day.I Loooove Mrs. Tootsie's sould food. I no longer live in Philadelphia so i can't get there as often as I would like. I've tried to get my sould food to taste as good as theirs and I've failed. Love it!!!!!!Let me start off by saying the ambience was beautifal however, the food was just ehh. Fried wings are too big, collard greens came out cold, mac&cheese dry, fried fish was fishy hence old, pork ribs were tough like rubber, fried chicken breast cooked too long so it was dry, string beans greasy and the yams were overcooked. The only thing that deserves a 5 star is the cornbread with berry butter. Not sure if we had a bad night or what but the pictures don't match how the food actually tastes.Ate here Labor Day Sunday and Maureen was on point even though they were short staffed. She was attentive and the food was great as usual (Sadiki Fried Catfish, greens, mac n cheese and yams, plus pound cake for my friend's bday)!
Singing Happy Birthday to my friend with a tambourine put icing on the cake and made both of us feel so special!! It was the perfect birthday present from me to her. Thanks for making me look good!I stopped by Ms. Tootsies for the first time as it was a recommendation from a friend. I was told I would find some of the finest southern cuisine here and they were not lying. The ambiance of Ms. Tootsies is absolutely amazing. Once you walk in you're greeted by warm hostesses that are ready to fulfill your needs. There are many bars and lounge areas in Ms. Tootsies so even if you didn't want to eat, you would be able to just hang out and have a good time with some beautiful people.
While waiting for your food you're blessed with the sound of old school R&B and Jazz music from the all time greats. If you're on a date it will definitely set the mood right away. The food was absolutely amazing. I ordered the smothered pork chops with collard greens and macaroni and cheese. I always start off with my Mac and cheese first, because I believe you can tell a lot about a soul food restaurant by their Mac and cheese, they did not disappoint! The smothered pork chops was cooked to my liking and had the perfect amount of gravy. 
There is also this amazing ice tea that comes with a watermelon attached to the drink. Even though I don't care for the watermelon the ice tea was still to die for.I ordered last night via Uber eats and when I received my order, it was wrong! I asked for cabbage, instead I was sent collard greens. They were bland with no meat and a piece of onion! I ordered fried whiting and asked for tartar sauce to be sent, of course it wasn't. I even called the restaurant to ask if they would send me some before they dispatched my order! The mac-n-cheese was good, nice and creamy.Had a wonderful time the food was good and my waitress Sakerah was very pleasant. This was definitely a good experience and I shall return soon.Oh Ms. Tootsie, so disappointed.  Been coming here for a while and the last time might just be my last time or not.  Ms. Tootsie's has been known for their made to order fried chicken or fish and the delicious sides, somehow, I think that they were not having a good day (at least I hope). The chicken was fried to a crisp, almost un-edible, the mac + cheese was so dry, definitely not fresh and this was a Saturday early evening!!! The greens were unusually bland and my always perfect Grown Folks Ice Tea was missing all of the alcohol, go figure.  I love this place, always have hence the reason for three stars.  I am so hoping that they were having a bad night, maybe new staff, something!!!  I've noticed that the prices have increased as well, but normally, worth it.  Not this night......so sad if this is the future.Hostess, food & music was good but took forever to get to our table and our waitress wasn't the best. I guess next time we'll do the bat.Today I was introduced to this restaurant visiting Philadelphia. Firstly, I would like to state that the quality of the food was impeccable. I ordered the 4 Wings and Waffles and my guest ordered the  Caesar Salad with Salmon. Both meals were excellently prepared. My compliments to the chef. 
The ambiance was neat and clean with a sheik Black and White decor. Beyoncé Lemonade was playing in the background which gave the restaurant a contemporary trendy vibe that could be appreciated. 
The service staff could've been more attentive. There was way too much staff for customers to have to wait to receive refills or additional napkins and/or condiments. 
Lastly, the syrup the restaurant selected is awful. The syrup tasted cheap and watered down. I would highly recommend they select another brand. 
The food was great overall which is why I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars. Develop your wait staff and focus on customer service and continue to provide great food.I was pleasantly surprised at Ms. Tootsies.  Soul food tends to be a very personalized taste, where people tend to shun food not made like their grandma or mother.  Ms. Tooties has given soul food a modern flair, good cocktails, twists like strawberry butter, iced tea with watermelon and classics like a great tasting mac & cheese and greens...  I don't eat meat, but the others enjoyed the fried chicken and ribs.  I had tilapia, I honestly wasn't a big fan of fried. but it was ok, also someone ordered shrimp and grits, cooked well but lightly seasoned...  The sides were great, deserts great..  Also, the waitress waited while I purchased an online restaurant .com coupon.  Great friendly service!   Overall, great experience and I would definitely go back.I heard of this place from a lot of my friends and review so I finnialyCame here last nite for my sister birthday very nice sensory other than beautiful atmosphere . Customer service was horrible I requested for waiter to sing happy birthday at 12 he forgot all about it and when I asked what happen he gave me a poor excuse that he was busy and forgot . They food was okay chicken wasn't season best part was the corn bread with the strawberry butter well my mother food taste 10x better I will not be returning ever againEVERYONE was so sweet and welcoming... i'll never hesitate to walk in there again. We had about an hour wait so we went to the upstairs lounge area, i had just wine, but my friend tried two different drinks, both nice, both STRONG. 
For dinner we did tilapia for me, and fried chicken and waffles for her. My tilapia was a little over cooked, but still good, and her chicken and waffles were GREAT! The cornbread, mac and cheese balls, and collards were AMAZING. The mac and cheese side missed the mark for me, good flavor but dry, no longer creamy. I still ate it... don't worry. 
Ms. Felicity came and saw us after our meal, and i seriously wanted to take her home with me.. she was so cute and sweet. Made our day! 
I will be going back. I want that chicken, those balls, and those greens. and that corn bread...I went here after the restaurant closed and it becomes a night club, so I can't really comment on the food.  The majority of the people there were mid/late-20s and up, and I do mean up.  There were more than a few older people there, which isn't a bad thing, it's just not really my scene.  The venue was really nice inside, the rooms were all decorated very sexy/modern, and I loved it all.  The bartenders weren't cute and not very attentive, you really had to work to get their attention.  The place was packed, but it was like a high school dance... the girls for the most part were all clustered together in a group and the guys were in their groups, everyone eyeing everyone else and making judgements, with a few couples and  a few guys that thought they were the coolest thing ever... Again, not really my scene... What happened to just dancing and having fun?  I don't think I'll be going back for the club scene, but based on the glowing reviews for the restaurant, I'll have to check it out during business hours.The cornbread and strawberry butter is to die for! Drinks are great... service is amazing. I had the Smothered Chicken Wings with Mac n cheese, Yams and Greens. The gravy was kind of salty tho but the wings were great. Great atmosphere.. Dark with only candles lighting up the place..only waited 10 min for a seat. They played Isley brothers- don't say goodnight as i entered ( my fav song) so i was super excited. Its a great date spot or a nice chill spot with a couple girlfriends. They had a extra room on the side with white padded walls. super sexy.. the menu is simple and right to the point. I love the fact that the staff dress in all white. The way they tell you about dessert is super cute.. very tempting lol but i declined. The tootsie pop along with your check is a great gesture of thank you, come again! Def. will be back!!!THEY NEVER ANSWER THE PHONE. It's almost impossible to get in touch with a real person.............so I walked there because I don't live far, I figure I'll order to-go in person. I stood at the bar for 20minutes and no one said anything to me. I called out to someone working behind the bar, "can I place a to-go order with someone please?". I was given a paused stare and was told to hold on. No apologies, no acknowledgement, so I walked out. Whenever I've been able to get food in the past it was good, I'm BEYOND disappointed and ashamed that the service is so lacking.We came here with a great Living Social deal with $40 to spend on food.  I had thought Warmdaddy's was the only option in the city for soul food but had only heard of this place when I saw the deal online, I had never noticed it before even when I lived in Philadelphia.  After discovering this place I must say it definitely beats Warmdaddy's.
The atmosphere was incredible.  After entering, we were guided by the host to our candle-lit table through the white-padded walls, curtains and hardwood floors.  They did an excellent job with the decour, probably the nicest looking place I've ever been to that has mainly fried foods on the menu. 
Every table gets corn bread muffins to munch on, but their appetizer list looked pretty delicious as well.  I we got the pork ribs and the oven roasted turkey as our entrees (Turkey was better).  As with many soul food restaurants, you choose two of their sides; corn and okra, candied yams, mac and cheese...all of which are better than the meal itself!
If you're looking for soul food, this may be the best in Philly.We were intially skeptical about this place after reading the negative reviews posted on Yelp. But we had a Amazon deal to use, so we decided to give it a try. And boy were we pleasantly surprised! I don't know if they took the comments on here to heart, but they seemed to have amped up their game. We would drive or walk by occasionally and always see people waiting outside, so we figured there'd be a bit of a wait on a Friday night. We waited at the upstairs bar area for about 25 mins. The ambience was pretty nice (going for that trendy lounge-y look I guess) and the bartender and wait staff were professional and pleasant, but they need more than one bartender there. For beer lovers, there is no beer on tap, so beware.
Once we were seated, our waitress came to take our drink orders and give us recommendations. She was very pleasant, attentive and professional. The cornbreads were nice and hot and the strawberry butter made it seem almost like a dessert. We ordered the teriyaki chicken wings as an appetizer since we saw someone upstairs order them and it looked and smelled good. They were nice, hot, meaty wings with a not-too-sweet teriyaki sauce. My husband ordered the fried catfish...delicious! His sides were the cabbage and string beans. Cabbage was tasty, but string beans were a bit mushy. I ordered the fried chicken with collard green and black eyed peas. The chicken was crispy, juicy and hot, and the sides were pretty darn good, too. After eating all of our food, I also ordered the red velvet cake for dessert. Yes, I was that hungry...and it was that good!
All in all a very pleasant experience with good food and service. Maybe I'm giving them a great review because I didn't expect much? Possibly. But I have to say that even if we had gone in with high expectations, I think they would have met them. I hope they continue to strive to provide excellent food and service.The food is good. It is a soul food restaurant and is always well done. The price is reasonable. Two major downfalls is parking, and the wait time. I really wish this place allowed reservations at least.I went to  the restaurant with low expectations due to the mixed reviews. It  took a while to be seated but we didn't have a reservation and ended up eating  at the bar instead of waiting for a table.  They served muffins piping hot with delicious strawberry butter - scrumptious.  Next was a Cesar salad with a really nice dressing, don't know  what it was but it  was good.  The fried chicken was delicious and again, it was hot !  They could probably do with better and more organized staff but because it wasn't overly busy for a Tuesday it worked ok for us.My first time trying them out and I was not disappointed. The decor was amazing,ambiance very cozy, everyone from hostess to bartender were friendly and helpful. The food was delicious! I will definitely go back when I visit again!I brought my boyfriend here for his first time. 
The rooms are very nice and the decor is very chic. Only complaint is the one room was very humid. The door/window was open and it just so happen to have been one of those hot summer days. The other room with the bar was air conditioned and seemed comfortable. 
The food was good. I had the fried chicken, green and yams. My bf had the fried tilapia, mac and cheese and greens. The food was all soo good. The price was perfect and the amount of food you get is well worth it. 
We walked out of there very satisfied. We heard a few people around us order the lamb chops so we will definitely be back to try that as well.I am deeply sadden to have to write such a depressing review for Ms Tootsie's but the service I received on 12/27/2016 was truly the final straw. The first time I visited Ms Tootsie's was over the summer with my boyfriend and despite the EXTREMELY long wait and inconsistency with customer service, I still enjoyed their food enough to come back. That feeling soon changed after a recent experience on my birthday.
My initial plan was to make a reservation with them for a party of 10, but they DO NOT make reservations over the phone, yet they do online. In hopes of having an organized event, I proceeded to try and make a reservation online to only find out you cannot make a reservation for a party larger than 8. A bit annoyed and frustrated, I still took my chances and hoped to be seated in a timely manner since my birthday was on a Tuesday night. 
I arrived at Ms Tootsie's around 8:30PM, informing the hostess that I would be having a party of around 8-10 people, unsure if they would all show. She reassured me that was fine, but the wait could be around 45 mins to an hour. That 45 minutes easily turned into an hour and that hour then turned into TWO. Me and my party weren't seated until nearly 10:30 PM, mind you this establishment closes at 11. Instead of an apology, I was instead told that the wait so long because I was "unsure" about the size of my party. Due to it being 10 people instead of 8, they didn't have a table large enough for us which is why it exceeded the estimated wait time. Instead I wish the waitress would have told me she didn't have the seating for us and I could've taken my business somewhere else rather than waiting 2 hours to eat.
Feeling guilty, the waitress offered me a free alcoholic beverage and promised to pick up the tab, in which they did. Despite the free drink, it didn't take away the sour taste Ms Tootsie's left in my mouth after this interaction. To top it off, she told me she couldn't split the check into separate bills, which then came with a nice addition of gratuity. It's sad to see such a potential gem with such horrible customer service.
If you decide to eat here, BEWARE of the nonexistent customer service! Don't expect more from here than you would at McDonalds. Be mindful.It had been a while since my last dining experience @ Ms. Tootsies. The experience indeed left a lot to be desired. The wait was tremendous - 1.5 hrs. My party, along with several other diners, were directed to wait in an upstairs lounge that had a seating capacity for four. The lounge was equipped with a large screened TV; however, there was nothing playing on it & the curtains that adorned the east wall of the room need cleaning. In addition, the lounge was directly adjacent to a multi stall unisex restroom. This certainly created an awkward situation when members of the opposite sex needed to utilize the facility. What was most disappointing was the fact that there was a huge dining area on this second level that we choose to wait in because the aforementioned lounge was full and we were asked to leave the area because it was not open. To wait for service for more than a hour standing is unacceptable. After waiting the exorbitant amount of time to be served, portions of the meal were grossly undercooked - appetizer wings and sweet potatoes and the macaroni & cheese was as dry as the Sahara Desert. On the flip side, the servers were very accommodating. They did their best to compensate for the poor dining experience. It would behoove Mr. Parker to assess what's happening here & govern himself accordingly.Went here for the first time for Mother's Day and because people had raved about it. Very nice decor on the first floor, but pretty empty on the second floor. It could use some art and additional decor to fit with the theme of the first floor. There was a fixed menu for $34.99 which was not a problem however when ordering the fried chicken meal and being told they only have dark meat and wings, I was very disappointed. To have a fixed menu and not even have a chicken breast offered is just crazy and very sketchy. I opted for the 12 oz. steak with macaroni and cheese and collard greens. The food is not short of seasoning at all as it was tasty. The cornbread was very hard and had a similar taste to fruity pebbles cereal (everyone in my party of 8 agreed) so it wasn't just me. I would come here again but wouldn't be in a rush to go back. The waitress and chef who came to inquire about the food was very nice and attempted to fix of our party's issues with a smile. A comparable restaurant would be Relish which at this point I would say is still a notch better.Came here last night after work. The food was good and the service was even better. We only ordered appetizers and drinks. Our server recommended the jerk wings and they were delicious. The crab Mac and Cheese balls were also really good. 
I remember when this restaurant first opened so it's nice to see how much they've expanded and improved their service. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because they don't have happy hour. For a popular restaurant that's really close to a lot of corporate offices, it's weird that they don't offer that. I imagine it would bring in a ton of business. However, this place will always be a sure thing in my book.The only time I ever go here is when I have a groupon or living social voucher. Other than that, I wouldn't waste my hard earned gas money, toll money or parking money. The soul food is average; I personally believe I just pay for the nice atmosphere and experience. Every time I've gone I have been placed in the all white room with sounds of Kem playing softly in the background.  
On to the food- I usually get the shrimp and grits or fried chicken.  Its pretty good and my waiter was always patient and helpful. Overall its a good dining experienceMy first visit earlier tonight with the wife and kids.  Ms. Tootsie's is the best soul food I've had in a restaurant since Big George's on 52nd Street.  
The seating was a little tight but the food made it alright.  The corn bread and strawberry butter as well as the crab muffins were a great start.  I ordered the fried whiting with greens and potato salad - absolutely delicious.  My wife ordered the catfish which was even better than the whiting.   The serving size was more than enough for one, so I didn't have room for desert.  
The staff was friendly and helpful; especially considering my family takes a long time to decide on what to order.  
 Looking forward to the next visit.Great experience! I had a living social coupon here and it was definitely worth it! 
The cornbread muffins and strawberry butter was a delicious start along with Ms. Tootsies famous ice tea...sweet but good if that's what you like. 
We ordered the spicy crab cakes and fries for an appetizer and they were BOMB.com! Some of the best crab cakes I've ever had and the fries were yummy and crispy. 
We then shared the Fried chicken breast entree with mac and cheese and candied yams sides. The chicken was perfect, crispy on the outside, moist on the inside. The mac and cheese was good but nothing special. The yams were delicious-so sweet we almost didn't need dessert but we had to go with a slice of red velvet cake. 
Staff was friendly and we didn't wait long for our food. 
All around good experience!The staff = amazing
The food = delicious
The atmosphere = LIT
I love Ms. Tootsie's! I dined here a couple years ago and vowed to dine here when I came back to the city. I convinced 3 of my picky eating girlfriends to eat here instead of going to another restaurant. And they LOVED it. Ashley was a phenomenal hostess. She was warm, inviting, and fun. She truly made our wait an enjoyable experience, if that was even possible. The entire staff was incredibly attentive and professional, especially our server Deanna. I can't wait to come back to Philly just to eat here again!My boyfriend and I attempted to go to ms. Tootsies. When we arrived no one was at the hostess station outside so we went inside. When we arrived inside we walked to the back where we thought there was mother hostess station. The bartender yells over to us " y'all want a table " we reply yes and she walks back
Outside puts our name on the list , and we wait. Moments later another hostess comes out and immediately starts talking to a young man who just came outside after eating and they start to exchange numbers and ask about calling one another later and about instagram etc... this is all while people are waiting to
Be seated. She then says oh it's a 30 minute wait , meanwhile we have been waiting for 20. Needless to say we did not eat there. This Resturant is a Philadelphia stable but it has awful customer service and I will never ever eat her or attempt to ever again. What a awful experience.Fried chicken and mac and cheese was perfect. Their cornuffins with strawberry butter soo good! Went on a Monday around 5:30 and got a seat immediately. I also used my living social voucher with no problem.I can't remember the last time I gave a 1 star review and I can't remember my boyfriend ever not tipping.  But, Ms. Tootsies was by far one of the worst dining experiences we have ever had.  I purchased a Living Social voucher a little before Christmas.  So when NYE came around and we had not made plans, I called the restaurant to see if we could use the voucher.  The gentleman who answered the phone was lovely and stated that they were one of the few restaurants that didn't have a pricey NYE menu or cover and all that nonsense.  We arrived at 10pm after battling to find non existent parking on South Street.  It took a moment for the hostess to greet us and the restaurant was not crowded.  It took about 15 more minutes for our waitress to greet us and that was only after the hostess went to go get her.   The waitress was so aloof.  When my boyfriend asked her how the Grown People's iced tea was, she replied "ok that's what you want and for you miss?" Umm, I guess she interpreted his question about the drink as actually having ordered it.  After we had to ask for bread, she brought it out 10 minutes later with her bare finger on top of one of the muffins.  So gross.  We sent it back and she came back very apologetic.  We waited forever for overcooked fish and chicken; both tasted like they'd been cooked in old oil. I tried giving Ms. Tootsie's several chances and every dining experience is a miss.  Never again. Somehow I think Ms. Tootsies thinks it's better than it actually is because one would think that they'd get their act together by now.  I guess not. Anyway, Happy New Year y'all.OMG.. A mess... Where do I begin??? Ok so I called from home to place a phone order, that did not go well, Some guy put me on hold and left me there for 10 minutes before I started pushing buttons and screaming hello.. I was afraid to hang up because I knew once I called back that the phone would be busy.. and it was. So dying for some soul food, that I could have gotten mommy to make for me at home, at least I would have enjoyed it!!! So me and my fiance drive over to his dysfunctional soul food cafe to fine an over posh venue the size of my living room ARE U SERIOUS??? Yes, they were. Nobody knew what the hell was going on, I already walked in with a little tude because of the phone treatment I mentioned earlier. Well Mr. GQ told us to go to the bar and place our order, whatever, STANDING there for 5 minutes before the bartender Lauren  asked if I wanted order.. Ummm, yeah. So she called someone over to take our order and she was good and got everything right. We order the famous Iced Tea but six dollars is robbery and gun point. It was good not good enough to pay six dollars for a non alcohol beverage. Mac and cheese was good yams were sweet and it looked like orange lumps with goo that oosed into my mac and cheese. My fiance had chicken and it was like heart attack salty.. Fish was horrible, I make fried fish better than this place. My advise take the time and make it at home!!!This is a great place to eat specifically for a date in my opinion. The ambience is upscale but yet intimate with the lighting and seating. The waiters are very friendly and accomodating and the most important thing the food is delicious. The prices aren't cheap so don't come unless you intend on spending some extra cash and it's very busy most of the time. If you don't mind paying a nice price and waiting for a little extra time then other places but yet have great food and service this is a place for you.WOW...WOW...WOW.  
Visiting PHL for a quick business trip and a friend suggested Ms. Tootsie's to me.  I am so thankful he did because it was amazing.
Smothered Turkey Chops - are you serious?!  And the best greens and black eyed peas I've ever had.  HIT - THE - SPOT!
"Oh and you must get the cake" my friends text said.  "Ok" said me!  Chocolate cake that's about 18 layers high (ok maybe a bit extreme) - soo moist and elegant.
The environment was elegant.  Beautiful decor and awesome music was keeping me bouncing in my seat (when I wasn't busy with my smothered turkey chops).
Yum!
When I'm in PHL again, you better believe I'll be back here!B.y.o.b. Saturdays? Sold. PSA the service and attention and overall pleasantness of the staff is the main reason for the 5 stars! Heyyy Reecie!!! 
The only thing that I can truly be irked about was how there were literally no liquor stores near/next to the restaurant. So if you're reading this, go to the liquor store on 7th and South Street before heading to the restaurant. 
Anyways we got there no bottle in tow went to a nearby store to get wine coolers/beer but then my boyfriend wanted wine so we went back to 7th and south and came back to Ms. Tootsies. The whole process probably took 30 minutes...and Ms. Tootsies was VERY busy. The hostess held our table which I really appreciated. We ordered crab cakes and fries to start.  The fries were a bit soggy but seasoned well. The crab cakes could have had a crisper outside. We also got the watermelon iced sweet tea which we mixed with cucumber vodka from the store. Yum. I ordered the chicken basket with Mac and cheese and asparagus. All perfect. Usually I like Mac and cheese to be creamy this one wasn't but still really good. The chicken truly lived up to its legacy of savory goodness and the asparagus was thick and grilled just right. He got candied yams, mashed potatoes, 4 wings and a waffle. The candied yams were sweet and soft the mashed potatoes were tasty too and kind of tasted like there was stuffing mixed in and his waffles were melt in my mouth. The portions were plenty and we definitely had leftovers this morning which tasted just as good as last night. Overall nice experience with the R&B playing (even though some songs were on repeat) over dinner in "the Love Room". Would definitely go back on my next Philly trip.If I could give this place no stars I would. I have been to Ms. Tootsies several times and each time the quality of service has gone down tremendously. 
I am involved in a women's group and a lot of the women had never been to Ms. Tootsies before so we agreed to have our first meetup there - especially because of the BYOB.
I went on their website several weeks beforehand, but it CLEARLY says they do not accept reservations more than 2 weeks in advance.
I set myself a reminder and went back on the website on 4/16 and made a reservation for a party of 8 for 4/30 and thought all was well.
I realized today that I never got an email or phone confirmation and decided to email and find out what was up. 
I received a call within 10 minutes of sending the email, but I was at work and could not answer. I called the number back and it was Ms. Tootsie's, but it machine said to call back during business hours - WEIRD!
I received another phone call and it was a gentleman who advised me that they were all booked and did not have any reservations due to the Penn Relays. How is that possible when I made my reservation on 4/16?! He was not very apologetic at all. It was kinda like a "oh well" situation. There was not any talk about how to resolve the issue at all. We are very disappointed, because they ruined a good time for us and is leaving us scrambling to find a new venue. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! Avoid Ms. Tootsies!!!!This was our first visit to Ms. Tootsies...and we will definitely go again!!
From the moment my husband & I walked in, everyone was so pleasant and immediately created a very welcome feeling. The atmosphere was cozy and really encouraged conversation. 
The food overall was tasty, but the fried shrimp were EXCEPTIONAL!! With just the perfect amount of breading to add a little crunch, each mouthful was all shrimp. The collard greens (cooked w/turkey..for those health conscious eaters) were tender and succulent. 
Pricing was average for a night out....definitely a place to visit in Philly!!
TM5The crab cakes and corn bread with strawberry butter are delicious ! Lenna and Quan our waitress and host were great!My boyfriend took me here for dinner last night and I must say that I was pretty pleased. The decor is very cute and chic. I loved the large portrait-like images of celebrities  throughout the multi-level building. Now on to the food. We ordered the crab mac and cheese balls to start. They were tasty but the restaurant could have been a little more generous with the portion. You get just three small balls for $10. Small portions definitely aren't an issue for the entrees. There was so much food! I ordered the glazed grilled salmon with collard greens and mac and cheese. The salmon was delicious and moist. The sides were tasty but could have used a little more flavor. It was nothing that some hot sauce (which was on the table) couldn't remedy. Our server was beautiful and friendly. I would definitely come back to try other dishes when I  visit Philly again.I've been going to Ms Tootsies for a few years now. It's a dope spot to take someone on a date. They have really intimate settings -- dim lights, nice music lightly playing, candles lit, and the vibe just screams DATE NIGHT WITH YOUR BOO THANG. 
The food is always on point. Even down to their bread and butter. I believe the prices are reasonable for what you get. 
This the type of food that you eat, and after you need to go take a happy because I'm full nap. Trust me. 
But yeah, check it out if you haven't. Decent service, great food, chill vibes and it's located on South Street, which I'm not a fan of, but you can leave there, or before you go, walk around if the weathers permitting or visit a few shops and spots. 
I'll be making a return visit soon. 
Oh, and if you throw events, they host them too. They have a few floors. Since I curate events, this is always a plus so wanted to share the love.I'll keep it short and simple.  During my visit we had a party of 8. Of which,  two were children.  We ordered appetizers as entrées for them and the server made sure we all got our food simultaneously. We had smothered pork chops, smothered chicken wings, mac and cheese,  crab cakes, candied yams and some other items.  Overall, DELICIOUS! Very nice atmosphere. I agree that a MAYBE the SERVICE isn't the BEST?  But it was certainly above acceptable in my opinion. (I'm not very needy or picky)Was visiting family in Philly and they told us we had to check this spot out. The service was slow but overall we had a great time. The food was prefect! They had a dj so there was rather loud music but it was a Friday night so I didn't mind at all. I plan on visiting again the next time I'm in Philly.The food was delicious! The Mac n cheese 5 stars! The wait time was average, it was Sunday during brunch time. The food was really great, but the service and ambience of the restaurant. No! One of the bartenders said they had been open for 22 years but the way the operation ran was disappointing. The host barely greeted me at the door instead he scrambled around ever other minute for about 25 mins before he wrote down the reservation and then advised me it would be a 2 hr wait after waiting 25 mins. The problem was he appeared to be idly busy. Running back in forth to the manager. In their defense they were busy. After waiting an hour they called and said the table was ready which was a bonus because they initially said 2hrs, but the table was by the front door. The problem was it was cold outside, 47 degrees, that's no way to enjoy an indoor restaurant. We asked for another seat and had to wait another hour! But good thing we waited because we got a better table!!! It was 2 love seats and a table that seated 4 comfortably! And most importantly away from the door!! During the wait I went to the bar to order a drink which took about 30 mins. The music was good but the stereo system was like one you have in room. It took away from the restaurant. The wait staffed lacked knowledge of the restaurants processes also they were young and friendly.  The manager could have done a better job with running the operation but overall it was not a bad experience. The food was great!I was so excited to visit, however the excitement quickly became a HUGE disappointment. I ordered fried chicken, mac and cheese and the corn okra tomato side dish and passion tea which later I figured out tasted just like red kool-aid the mac and cheese was dry the veggies tasted like they had come straight out a tin can. I ordered white meat (the breast and wing where still connected) even Popeyes knows you cut up a chicken before serving it.My girlfriend had pork chops more flour than chop collard greens more salt than greens and rice and gravy when she ask the waitress Nene abt the rice Nene wanted to debate with her about how is was cook. We were ask by I assume the waitress in charge if we need to go boxes when we decline she ask what was wrong I ran down the list and was offered a card to display my disappointment...Never again nope NOT ever.... Oh I was visiting from out of townWhere does one start with this place?
Food: overpriced for what you get (in terms of both quality and quantity).
Service: uh, not very friendly.
Decor: I guess this is the best thing the place has going for it, but it's kind of hard to enjoy when they cram people in there like sardines and it's all loud and hot.
If you want to stand around for an hour waiting to spend $20 on a smallish portion of mediocre soul food, be my guest. Just don't act like nobody warned you when you're disappointed with the experience.We arrived about 6pm and were immediately seated. The wait staff was very friendly and graciously took the time explaining the menu and provided dinner suggestions. We started out with the very tasty corn bread and strawberry butter.  I ordered the fried chicken basket w. fries and 2 sides.  The chicken was fried way too hard.  My basket was missing the fries which I kinda didn't really care because I ate one too many corn bread with the s. butter.  My sides consisted of collard greens and candied yams.  The greens were very salty.  The waitress was very accommodating in substituting this side with an order of the sautéed string beans which were very good. I love the sweet tea.  Although this was not a particularly great dining experience, I would probably give it another try when visiting Philadelphia.The atmosphere was so relaxing and calm but the food was . I am in town from Memphis, Tn and one tho g I know is SOUL FOOD. Ms Tootsies did not disappointDrinks were weak. Soda was flat. Service sucked. Food was ok but Relish is better by far. They did sing a good Happy Birthday (Stevie Wonder version) I really just hate weak drinks.This place have improved! Loved every minute of my shrimp and grits with collard greens and yams! Spur of the moment on Sunday evening we were seated immediately. It's a beautiful place and family owned service has improved as well. I'll be back for my soul food craving especially when I don't feel like paying to get into Warm Daddy's.Friends and I were visiting the city from NYC and were excited to support black business for brunch  before we left.
Ambiance- 4 
Really nice decor. Furniture for the chairs in the front are a bit worn out. Bathroom nice and clean and nicely huddle by the bar. Loved the different themes for the different rooms.
Service - 5
From the moment we entered it was all smiles. Our waiter was very pleasant and answered all of our questions. He kept checking in to make sure we were ok. We came in with luggage so him and the manager met sure it was set aside for us. 
Food- 3
Two of us had the shrimp and grits. The shrimp was well seasoned. But the grits were way too thick for me. I like my grits smooth and silky not thick like cereal. But I do understand everyone likes them in different ways. I added bacon to mine to boost the taste.
My other friend had the steak and eggs. I will say it was extremely well seasoned, but she asked for medium and it definitely wasn't. The texture was a bit off.
My friend and I had the peachy keen drink which was really good. 
Nonetheless- will definitely recommend. Wish we came for dinner. Hopefully next time.Hit or miss.  Went several years ago early on a Saturday night and it was good.  Went a few weeks ago for a party and not that good.  This is the opinion of 7 of us that were seated together.  Chicken was over fried, dry and hard.  Fish did not taste fresh.  Greens were bitter.  Homemade mac and cheese tasted like Kraft canned.  The people that had the yams said they were the good and the best item that we had.  I love sweets but the cornbread with strawberry butter is excessively sweet, more like cake with icing.  The waitresses were pushing the "tropical iced tea" as if it were something good for you.  Again, I LOVE sweets but that tea tastes like straight syrup. We ended up cutting it with 1/3 water.  You know it's cheap and not good for you because it's pimped out.  It tastes like tea mixed with kool aid, yes kool aid, probably tropical punch flavor.  This is their signature drink.  The cocktails were very overpriced.  For the amount of money they charge for soul food, the food should be much better.  You can go to your neighborhood soul food takeout and feed 3 people for the price of one of their dinners; so if you're looking for a change of scenery only, this is your place.I wish I could give more stars, but overall I was very underwhelmed and disappointed with my recent dining experience. We had family in from the mid west and they wanted soul food. I haven't been here for a few years but it used to be one of my favorite spots. So we thought we would take them there to give them a taste of Philly soul food. Of course the interior is nice, very modern and chic, cool ambience. And the strawberry butter and corn muffins, so yummy. Unfortunately, that's the extent of my compliments. 
I called 20 min ahead of time to see if I could make a reservation and they said they weren't taking any, but that there was absolutely no wait. We walked in there was no hostess at the front. We waited almost 10 minutes just for someone to come and greet us. When we got there the hostess informed us that it would be 45 minute wait. I thought this was odd since I had just spoken to someone who had said the opposite, less than 15 min ago. Plus there was no one else waiting at the bar or in the lobby, and some diners were almost done. The long table in the front was totally empty so we asked if we could sit there instead of waiting 45 minutes. They finally said ok after waiting about 20 minutes. 
Our waitress was nice, although a little too informal/unprofessional for my taste. She spoke to us almost like we were her friends and not guests she was serving. I wasn't that impressed by the food. I got the  chicken wings and mac & cheese. The wings were huge but they weren't done as well as I would like, kind of slimy inside. And the mac & cheese which I remember to be so good years ago, tasted very odd. Almost a sour taste like the cheese was not fresh. No one at the table that ordered mac & cheese ate it. My cousin ate all of the shrimp out of her shrimp and grits, but left the grits. She said also did not taste well with that cheese in it. 
I was somewhat embarrassed that we bought our family members here. We wanted to show them one of the best spots for soul food in Philly. But this is no longer it.  We may have been better off getting a platter from Denise's, in all honesty. Needless to say, sorry Mr. Parker, I won't be back. I personally think they need a full overhaul of this restaurant. Yes it looks pretty on the inside, but the food is mediocre and the staff needs to be better trained. I'm obviously not the only one who thinks this, the ratings don't lie.Met a dear friend of mines who wanted to meet up for a girls night out. 
We did not know that the restaurant was a BYOB, and we immediately went to the bar only to be told that they do not sell alcohol.  The bartender did offer us the watermelon ice tea. We drank that while waiting for our table.
The tea was very sweet, and I could not taste any of the watermelon. The restaurant is very dark and the music was very good.
The bathroom was a bit dirty. I could see that it needed to be cleaned even in the darkness of the bathroom. Once our table was ready (the wait was only 15 minutes), we were promptly seated. 
I ordred the catfish dinner with collards and sweet potatoes.Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable and nice! She was very thorough about the menu and what desserts were available (which there were not any at the time, she said they were all sold out).
My meal-YUMMY!!! The catfish fried perfectly with some bite, and the collard greens as well.  The delicious food made up for the overly dark restaurant, BYOB, dirty bathroom, and the worn decor. The prices were a bit on the high side, but it was very good soul food.
My girlfriend ordered the fried chicken dinner and the wings were huge! Her mac and cheese looked on point as well!
All in all a very good food experience.I can describe Ms. Tootsies in one word: over-rated. The food was ok. The dining room was entirely too crowded; I was rubbing elbows with the couple at the table next to me. The service was slow. The food was over-priced. The best thing I liked about the trip was the atmosphere; the decor was lovely. Other than that, this place is over rated. For a better small, soul food experience, go to Diane and Toms.
NOTE:
In no way am I saying that Ms Tootsies is bad but its kind of like once you have tried an expensive cut of meat, all the other cheaper cuts just pale in comparison. I have eaten at too many good soul food places that were way better and cheaper than Ms Tootsies (Denise's, Diane and Toms, and that one by the Main Library whose name I am currently blanking on) to give Ms. Tootsies five stars.After an hour wait for our starter and an additional half hour for our entree I expected something more than average. 
We ordered the chicken wings, a bucket of fried chicken, string beans and mac and cheese. The string beans were the only thing worth taking two bites. 
I don't recommend Ms. Tootsie's to anyone who is looking for good service, good southern food (I lived in NC for 20+ years), separate gender bathrooms (so weird!) or anything resembling care and attention to the customer experience.Cornbread served with strawberry butter and their homemade sweet tea
were the best things on the menu, mmm.  Other than that service was slow and food was aight. Love the ambiance tho!Went here with a living social deal and probably wouldn't go back without it.
I called ahead to see if I could make a reservation and had the weirdest conversation with the guy. "I want to make a reservation. We don't take reservations. Ok do you take call ahead? No. Ok are you normally busy on Monday nights? I don't know, we could be busy, maybe not, maybe a bunch of people will come in, maybe not. Ok are you busy right now? I don't know." Not very friendly service. I've had friends who were told to come back in an hour, did, and then were told to wait another hour while others walked right in...
The cornbread muffins are really good and the strawberry butter too.
The "famous" Iced tea was pretty ordinary.
The fried chicken was good and so was the lamb, but both were pretty salty and fatty... I guess that's soul food for you. Mac and cheese was good, but who can really mess that up?
The green beans were DISGUSTING. They were sitting in this swampy nasty sauce and were basically cooked to a mush and were so salty I couldn't even eat them.
The service was pretty slow. 
There was a huge group of very rambunctious men when we were there and they pretty much made the place superloud which was kind of annoying. 
Just meh and overpriced without a deal.I was so privileged to observe the amazing service at Miss Tootsies for both an event and for a quick bite the other evening after a meeting with ValC. The service was excellent. And the food was beyond for me. I had the Lobster Mac and Cheese and the lobster was generous. I had a peachy cocktail that was very good. I look forward to many more returns. And I must add that JuJu, one of the servers went above and beyond to assist me during a recent event and I will always remember and appreciate my experience. I called her my angel because it really seemed like she was sent to assist me.The food was really good had the fried catfish, collard greens and mac and cheese.  Mac could use some improvement but it was decent.  The corn bread with strawberry butter was really good. We waited a long time for a table becuse we made a reservation online and they said they don't take same day online reservations.  They should probably post that on their website.While visiting Philly I was invited to dinner here with friends. I really didnt know much about the restaurant other than the reviews i read on Yelp. It was a weekday evening and the hostess informed us that we would have to wait about 30 minutes to be seated. 
After a few drinks at the bar we got a table. Our waiter was very nice and attentive. Food arrived in a timely manner. Ordered smothered chicken with Mac and greens. Everything was good except the Mac & Cheese. Did NOT like it at all! Everyone else seemed to enjoy thier meal (except one picky eater). We were offered a tour of the restaurant,  which is very unique and interested. Crystal, the Marketing Manager was great! Overall a good experience!I visited this spot one weekend with my wife and some great friends. They're food is absolutely delicious!  No lie! And they give you large portions of food, which I found to be a major plus in my book. I had  the smothered pork chops with black eyed peas/rice & candied yams. I throughly enjoyed it! You see, I'm a big eater... And I, even couldn't even finish my plate....had to bring some home. Lol  My wife and another friend of ours had the fried chicken which I tasted....which was delicious as well.  Cooked to perfection! Another friend had the fried tilapia,....another had BBQ ribs. Another friend had what I ordered. Their Mac cheese is awesome. String beans is killer! Everyone at our table really really enjoyed their food! We couldn't believe how good the food was! The corn bread....yes the corn bread with strawberry butter!!! Slamming!!!!! We thought we were eating cake. It was so so good.
 The staff and waitresses are very very  polite and friendly. They accommodated us very well on the 3rd floor. It was a wide open space that was clean and decent. 
I have no major complaints. 
Only draw-back is that, if you have a large group,  your waiting time to get seated  will be an hour or more long. So please make sure you book a reservation at least a week or two in advance. But honestly,  the food was worth the wait! They even give you "tootsie roll" lollipops at the end with the bill.  Nice cute touch.  yup, We will be back for sure! Worth the trip to Philly.I truly hope by giving this review the owner of Ms. Tooties will address the reservation policy.   So this is my story.  I made an online reservation for (4) people three days prior to the date I wanted to dine at Ms. Tooties.   It was my mother's birthday, so as her gift I took her to a play and we were to dine at Ms. Tooties afterwards.   Thinking my reservations was all set, we got there and much to my dismay, when trying to confirm my reservations I would told by the Hostess on duty, I did not have a reservation.   When I explained to her I had make the reservation on THEIR website, she proceed to ask me "If I had received an confirmation call back"?   First and foremost, there was NO indication I would or would not receive a confirmation call back and secondly, what restaurant has such a reservation policy!    Needless to say, I was told without a confirmed reservation it would be a hour & 45 minute wait.   My mom is so disappointed.     
From what I understand, the food is very good.   However, on the customer service side of things, much work in needed.   
Mr. Parker you need to re-evaluate you business practices.Ms Tootsies where do I start I have been to this place several times there is always a wait finally gets called for seating a half hour later waited another 15min till the waiter came very nice tho. I always order the lobster Mac with is $15 and there was no lobster and it I will not be going back very disappointed this time..Real good southern comfort food! Great atmosphere. If your in south Philly you have to try this placeI hate to say this. But this place broke my heart. The atmosphere was decent. However, it was so dark that I could barely see the people I was eating with and subsequently also could not see my food. (Which may have actually been a good thing) 
The cornbread was good. A little dry. But the strawberry butter was tasty. The ice tea was craaaazy sweet. And coming from the south I can't even believe I would say such a thing. 
But then i tried to order my food. I wanted the yams and was told it would be a 30 min wait. Now I'm starving so who wants to wait 30 min for one side right.  So I pass and opt for greens and Mac and cheese. 
So 45 min later my food arrives. Well damn I could have actually gotten the yams. And they gave them to a member of my party who had not ordered them in lieu of the fries she was supposed to get. 
My pork chops were DISGUSTING. Heartbroken. I was so looking forward to them. The greens were cold. The Mac and cheese was dry. For $17+ a plate I expected more. The other at the table were also quite dissatisfied with their meals as well. 
If you want cold, dry food. This is the place for you. Next time I want soul fools I'll call my friend Kelly and put in an order for a plate of the real thing.Need spot to take that young lady you've been dating? This is the place. Ms. Tootsie's has a great atmosphere for just about any outing but it's best for couples in my opinion. I've been several times and I figured, it's time to review this place. Believe it or not, my date and I went on New Years Eve and we still were able to use our Living Social coupon. Amazing, right?
We started with the crab cakes that were a bit small but it was an appetizer that came with a side of fries. Both were great along with the corn bread that was served. This day, they had strawberry butter. Yeah, you'll want seconds after tasting it.  Also, as a tip, get the refillable ice tea. Totally delicious.
She had the baby back ribs with yams and macaroni and cheese while I had the tilapia with cabbage and yams. i have to say everything was exceptional save the macaroni and cheese. I can tell because my date didn't finish them and she always finishes her mac and cheese. Let's just say, everything on these respective plates disappeared except the mac and cheese. My advice, avoid it. Too many other delectable items to be had there. 
As for the service. The waitstaff here are always the highlight whenever I make the trip there. They are always courteous, knowledgeable and willing to assist and serve whenever needed. Excellent at suggestions. I wanted a dessert drink for my date and the waitress recommended a delicious chocolate white drink called a Desire. Order it for your chocolate lover when you go. 
My only disappointments with Ms. Tootsie's is with a place so popular, they really should take reservations. It's hit or miss on the weekend. It could be packed to capacity and you're never getting seated or you get seated right away. The upstairs bar is nice but it is RARELY open. The bar downstairs is too small to be a viable waiting area. Upstairs could be perfect for that. 
Also, I am a fan of this place but I do feel the things I mentioned warrant it enough to be knocked from 4 to 3 stars. It fixes those things, I would be happy to name this a 4 star place. Definitely the place to go in Philly.I came here on a random Saturday with one of my best friends for a date night. This was easily the best experience I've ever had in a restaurant. Our waiter, Terrance exceed our expectations. He was extremely attentive and made sure or experience was perfect. We definitely plan on coming back & when we do, we will request Terrance :) Thank you so much!First let's start with the customer service, they have none. Took 3 times of me calling to get an answer and the 1st two times they hung up on me. They won't tell you how long the wait is over the phone. Instead they want you to come down and wait in the cold for 2 hours because they don't have a waiting area. Even when I told the receptionist/ hostess on the phone that they hung up on me there was never a sorry involved in that conversation. I will never try and give them another chance. That's just down right rude and unprofessional!I live in Maryland and was visiting my little sister in Philadelphia when she took me here...
The food was amazing! The service was EXCELLENT and they have the cutest doggy bags (black and brownish gold) that I have ever seen. I LOVE their idea of serving fresh watermelon slices (versus bread) as an opening dish. The super sweet tropical blend iced tea was a treat (and unique - they add a thin watermelon slice to your glass like a slice of lemon). Their down-home southern-style meals were VERY filling with their HUGE portions and just damn good taste. The perfect brunch spot after church.
Although the actual dining area was a tad bit small - you will literally touch elbows with your neighbor - the decor made the stuffiness look cute, modern and chic. 
Overall this place was welcoming and warm. I felt like I had been dining there for years.
My opinion to the owner of Tootsie's...bottle the ice tea! I wish I could buy their sweet tea in stores - it was THAT good!Cheesy Cheese Macaroni And Cheese!!!!
yes, it's the best around. I've eaten there quite a few times and each visit reminds of how I love this place. My favorite are the pork chops.... and the
Cheesy Cheese Macaroni And Cheese.
:) Go there and I promise you will love it.Very good food, the pork chops are the best I ever had.  Not a big fan of the sweet tea that everyone raves about, but everyone else in my group liked it.  The side dishes are a must: sweet potatoes, mac and cheese, collard greens, green beens, cabbage (my favorite).  I could just eat a meal of the sides, though the collard greens were too salty for my taste.
Enjoyed the seating on couches.  Service wasn't great, took a long time to get our food.  Drinks are overpriced.I knew we were in for a ride when we entered the crowded vestibule decorated with champagne colored curtains joined together with safety pins.  After waiting fifteen minutes to submit our name for the buffet we stood by the over-sized, unmanned reception desk waiting for a seat at the bar.  After about 40 minutes we managed to get two of the four empty seats at the bar.  One might think that if customers have been waiting close to an hour for a table they might be thirsty.  One might think the bartender might ask if we wanted one of their over-priced beverages. That didn't happen we couldn't even get eye-contact.  Bad business practice--- YOU JUST MISSED AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE SOME MONEY!!  
After stewing in thirst and anger one of two hostesses says follow me and seats us at a table on the main level after we had been waiting for a table for the buffet.  I politely say "we are waiting for a table at the buffet" and she says "unfortunately it will be another hour for the buffet."  Dumbfounded, thirsty and irritated after almost two hours we said we'll stay here at this table, next to the cold window.   After sitting for 8 minutes, with no menus, no water (yes still thirsty) the waiter walks up and asks if he can take our order.  Then he sees that we have no menus...... oh I'll get you some menus.  Then the other hostess returns and says I have a table at the buffet if you are still interested.  We jumped at the chance and schlepped up to the second floor to wait another 20 minutes for plates and for someone to serve us at the buffet.    During the wait and before we had even been given a plate we were presented with a check.  WHAT!!!  I can't even get a drink and you are handing us the check.  This is why I hesitate to patronize black businesses.  POOR MANAGEMENT!!!!    If it wasn't for my fiancée cracking jokes and trying to keep me jovial I would have flipped the wobbly table over.  
So after getting our food and being seated, I still had nothing to drink, not even water.  After trying to get the attention of one of the three staff members we were served a delightful sweet tea that seemed to make everything better, at least for a little while.  I think Moses had an easier time parting the Red Sea than I did trying to get a refill.   So we finished our meal paid the check that had been sitting on the wobbly table since before we had our plates and headed downstairs.  As we passed the owner standing at his post one might think he would say thank you or acknowledge us in some way.  Instead he looked at us like we stole something, YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!!! His sour face was a reflection of his poor restaurant management.  It's really a shame because the food was very good. In fact, I stuffed myself to compensate for my bad experience.  The polite/overwhelmed wait staff did the best they could under poor leadership. 
The only reason I give the restaurant one star is because of the food.  However it's about customer service and spending hard earned money on a great dining experience.  If not for the poor management and chaos, Ms. Tootsi's could very well be an upscale restaurant.  Who knows maybe Sunday is their busiest day.  This is no excuse for extended chaos and a poor attitude on the part of the owner. I hope YOU have a better experience.I jut returned from traveling overseas and wanted visit this soul food resturant in my home town. I had the whiting, candied yams and string bean. My husband had the smothered chicken and my son the fried chicken basket with Mac and cheese. I thought the food was good and the bread was excellent. We thought our waiter needed some further training since he never came back to  our table to ask if we needed anything. I actually had to find another waiter to request  desert and the check(however I still tipped him 20%). The resturant is beautifully decorated and the ambience and jazz music are an A+.What a con job this place is. i don't understand why they would hire so many servers and take so long to serve the food/drinks. We were a party of six, on a Friday evening. The place was busy, but not really packed. Most of the people in my party had never been to MT's so of course they went for the Fried chicken. One person in the party ordered the fish, and asked for it to be baked, instead of fried. Each order, came at different times (after about one hr wait after we ordered), but most amazingly, the fish came out about 20minutes late after the fried chicken for the other 5 people was served... now I am no chef, however, I know how to bake fish, and it does not take 90 minutes to bake. The servers seems like robots with their 'I'm sorry for the time its taking to cook' (wtf).
The chicken, was ok, but to be honest no better than KFC.
Then the bill came OUCH! Really! $30 for fried chicken, are you kidding me?! Yes I knew the price before I ordered, however I was expecting something special, and got KFC.
WHAT A CON JOB!
Would not recommend this place. Would not go back. Skip it and go to KFC, hell go to Popeye'sWent to the restaurant on Valentines evening without a reservation. The staff was very accommodating and advised us that it would be maybe an hour to hour and an a half wait. I advised that I would wait since I had driven over an hour to get there. Well that 1hr 1/2 wait turned out to be only about 30mn. Let me tell you they had a selective menu do to the special day but the fried chicken was everything they boasted about and more. The staff was very extra friendly and helpful. Especially a female cook from the kitchen I believe her name was Mrs D I believe. This lady came from the kitchen asking if your meal was ok and if there was anything else that she could do to make us happy. I will definitely be back again for the chicken and catfish strips. Well worth my 1hr ride and some. Kudos to the staffVisited this evening (We'd., 8/30/17) with my 84 year old father as my guest. We both enjoyed the fried chicken with mac-n-cheese and collard greens among the side dishes. While our meal was good (can't forget the melt-in-your-mouth muffins), the service from our server Lena, made it even more so! Lena was pleasant, polite and in a word, professional! Good food always seems to taste better with great service and Lena delivered! Kudos to whoever hired this young lady! Here's hoping Lena will be working the next time I dine at Ms Tootsie's!I live on the same block as Ms. Tootsie's and the smell of their food has been a siren call for some time.  I finally submitted to my craving and paid them a visit last night.
Wow.
Everything was excellent - the service was quick and extremely friendly, the atmosphere was cozy, the fried catfish was perfect, the string beans had a spicy edge to them, and the mac and cheese served a reminder that what Kraft claims to be "mac and cheese," is really just a horrible imitation.  As an added bonus, the ice tea was homemade and came out in a collectable water bottle.  
Wow.
The only thing remotely negative was the price - expect to pay between $12-$18 for your entre.  But, the old saying is true, "You get what you pay for."
One other thing....
It's a shame this even has to be said, but Yelpsters of European ancestry should know that there's a strong chance that you'll be the only white person in the restaurant.  If this fact makes you uncomfortable, then that's all the more reason you should go.  Dr. King once said that a person should not be judged by the color of their skin.  Instead, they should be judged by the quality of their food.
Well, maybe King didn't put it exactly that way, but I'm sure he would if he ate at Ms. Tootsies.  The quality of their food is excellent and the content of their character is even better - I definitely felt at home there.This place was amazing. I do not know why there were so many bad reviews, but I had a great time there. It was more than a 30 min wait to get a table. Inside the Decor of the restaurant was very warm and inviting. The Seats were more like futons. It was very comfy. I liked that there were lit candles on the table.The service was nice. The food was amazing! I ordered the lamb chops which came with the Thai chili sauce which suit the meat perfectly. It also had a nice grilled flavor. I wanted the peach cobbler, but that was sold out. The Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes and gravy was pretty good as well. I also ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was fried and seasoned perfectly. It was not overly salty. The waffles were crisp on the outside and warm and fluffy on the inside. There were also strawberries on the side. The corn muffins were also the best I ever had. I never tried the strawberry butter. I probably forgot to take it home. The food was def some of the best I ever had. It was made with love. At the end of the meal o for a tootsie roll pop. I will def be back. This is the type of restaurant that makes me want to dress up, yet the prices weren't outrageous. The food is also better than a lot of more expensive restaurants I have been to.Great food, good energy. Ms. Tootsies is a good place to get Southern, home cooked type food. Love it!Never ate there because the Host was horrible which is a representation of the restaurant probably.  When we checked in the young lady told us it was a 35 minute wait.  We asked her where we could walk to waste time and she advised us to take a walk to a nearby pack.  We were willing to wait and decided to take the walk to kill time.  She called 10 minutes later saying the table was ready.  We explained we were 10 minutes away so please give it to a couple waiting now and we will come back for the next table.  When we got back she said "because you did not show up when your table was ready, you won't be be seated until after 8:00 pm now."  I said well you said 35 minutes and we allotted time for that, and called me in 10 minutes!  She just stared at us and put her head down like we were no longer there.  Just ignored us.  We are not used to such rude service in our hometown of Chicago.  I hear the food is good but my money is better and there is plenty of other good food in Philly with better service.  Maybe one day they will learn that highly rated restaurants are as good as their staff whether the food tastes good or not! We will NOT be back at this South Street location or the location at the Terminal Market!Ms. Tootsie's has great interior design. It's very stylish with padded walls and dimmed lighting, it definitely nailed the fine dining experience. Upon entering we were immediately greeted by the host who was so handsome and polite. We told him we had a reservation and he informed us that the table was immediately ready which was a major plus. After being seated our waiter approached us and introduced himself. He was very nice and recommended great choices. The famous tea tasted liked exotic kool aid. The appetizers were amazing! I ordered the crab and macaroni and cheese balls. The cornbread was super delicious too. For my entree I ordered the southern fried chicken with macaroni & cheese, and greens. The macaroni and cheese was delicious but the chicken and greens were LOADED with salt. It wasn't flavor like herbs just SALT. My party was going to order desert but the waiter brought us our check without asking which was extremely rude. When we asked the waiter why he did not offer desert he said that we did not ask. It was a descent meal nothing special especially the service. If the service was a tad bit better they could really turn the restaurant into something good.I went there I had fried chicken it was good, candied yams were good, but the Mac and cheese was the worst ! It taste like watered down velveeta cheese , that's my only complaint . But inside was nice atmosphere !I enjoyed the food very much. Great job handling our party of 15. Outstanding performance by our server Rita. I wish she could serve me at every restaurant I go to. She was very in tune and pro-active in dealing with dietary restrictions. Layana was on the other end and was fantastic as well. A couple of  the turkey dishes had to be sent back because they weren't too good but otherwise everything else was good.The food is always perfectly seasoned, beginning with the cornbread muffins and strawberry butter.  For my entree, I had fried whiting with macaroni and cheese and cabbage (spicy, but addictive). Everything was delicious, and service was FAST. We were told the wait would be 30-45 minutes, but we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Our appetizers came out quickly and before we were done, our entrees were there. The wait staff was friendly and attentive, and the bathroom was clean. Overall, wonderful place.I visited with a friend for the brunch on 3/19/17 when we got to the restaurant, there was a crowd of confused, annoyed patrons, crammed into a tiny waiting area . Apparently, everyone was surprised about the $20 cover charge for the brunch, which you also had to pay in cash... and the host wasn't very pleasant either,  it seemed as if he was annoyed and tired of having to repeat himself when explaining things to the patrons. After having to run back out in the cold to find an ATM, we made our way back into the restaurant. We waited for about 15 to 20 minutes before we were even acknowledged. When the waitress came to the table she presented us with a very limited brunch menu.. I was pretty disappointed because there wasn't even an option to order from the main menu which is the reason why I actually drove there from New Jersey. I ordered the jumbo shrimp and grits with an order of chicken wings. My friend ordered the same, minus the chicken wings and a side of home fries. OK, here is where it gets even worse.. besides the poor service and organization of this brunch- The shrimp  and grits were cold!!! The grits tasted delicious however they were cold!!  and the shrimp were so cold and stiff they appeared to be cocktail shrimp pushed  into the grits. The only reason why this review got two stars was because the chicken Wings were DELICIOUS!! Everything about those chicken wings was perfect!! The "endless mimosas"  we're pretty much just juice- no champagne and they were very warm. They didn't even sparkle.. overall they got the two stars because of the taste of the food. What they lacked service and organization. I brought my grits back home where I can warm them and really enjoy themI visited your restaurant last night and it will be the last time I ever do so again. SERVICE WAS HORRENDOUS. When I first walked in, there was no one at the door (AS USUAL), SO I had to wait for someone to acknowledge me. A gentleman did- who actually turned out to be a server- and asked me to have a seat since my other guest wasnt there. I sat in the midst of a party whos reservation was messed up and confused with another- I wouldnt have known that if your staff member hadnt been so vocal about the screw up on your end- some discretion was needed. I sat around 7:50, my guest arrived at 8pm. The larger party was sat, however no one came back over to see if we were taken care of. By this time it was 8:15 and several guests were seated before us. Would it hurt to have a hostess, whos main focus would be keeping track of guests that are arriving? The girl who dealt with the large party finally came over and we were sat in the "White Room". Which seemed a little different from the last time I arrive. It seemed as if we were eating the last meal ever to be made in the restaurant, like you guys packed everything up and the only thing left to pack were the tables and chairs.
   A girl came over after 8 minutes of us just sitting there- as opposed to the two minutes it should normally take to be greeted-, and said " Can I get your drinks? We have iced tea, soda and water, iced tea is refillable". Thats it. No smile 'Hi welcome to Ms. Tootsies, My name is so and so, Ill be taking care of you. Have you ever been here before'? No introduction at all--- We were hoping to order cocktails but since we noticed that there was no cocktail list- only an eyesore of a black spce where it once was- and were 
only offered non- alcoholic bevs, we quickly assumed there was no liquor. My guest ordered the tea, and initially I asked for club and lime, but was told you only had tonic. Another server came over and simply said " yall ready to order?".... UM WOULD IT HURT TO GET A PROPER INTRODUCTION??? I had to ask for one- after all- what if I had never been there before? How would I know which app/entree to try? What if I needed something? Who would I know to ask? - He then apologized and said he thought the other girl did it already. He then took our orders. 
We noticed after a while that there was no cornbread muffins. The girl came back to refill the drinks, we asked for muffins, at which point she said we dnt have anymore and walked away. Huh? Dont have anymore? As in you were 86'd for the night? Or you guys no longer sell it period? So we sat there puzzled until our entrees came. The food came out in good time- The fish although huge and beautifully plated, had no flavor. The string beans were good but the meat, potatoes and carrots were overwhelming. The mac and cheese was the only thing that hadnt failed me at that point. We asked the server why there wasnt any liquor being sold at the establishment. He said "WHEN WE FIRST OPENED WE WERE BYOB, SO THE OWNER WANTS TO TRY IT OUT AGAIN. WE ARE CELEBRATING OUR 15TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY, SO HE WANTS TO SEE HOW THE CUSTOMERS LIKE IT". Like whattttt? After having liquor and a couple full service bars, one does not simply decide to stop and offer BYOB. Its quite obvious that the liquor license was lost. Even if thats the case- things happen sometimes- set a standard and let your guests know your a BYOB!!!!! Soon as we sat we should have been informed of that. It should be made more prominent on your website as well. SET A STANDARD!!! Looking over and seeing a bottle of Henny and a sixpack of beers on the next table is not something your "upscale" restaurant should allow! Most BYOB allow for wine only- The only byob place that allows hard liquors and beers are afterhour clubs.... From the time I walked in, not once did I see a manager. Not once. No one came to make sure food or service was okay.
  We asked for containers, we were not offered any coffee or dessert. Are your servers not aware of the art of upselling??? How important that is ESPECIALLY since the check average is lower due to the lack of alcohol sales?? 
  There have always been service issues when I have come in the past, however, since the food used to be good and it was a black owned establishment, I still continued to support. However, I can no longer do so. I looked forward to dinner yesterday all day long, only to be tremendously disappointed. Poor business management is showing thru out all areas of the restaurant. I hope for the sake of the business it improves, but I for one will not be returning.I went to Ms. Tootsies on Wednesday, which is Center Sips day in Philadelphia. Normally, there is a happy hour at Ms. Tootsies from 5-8. When I arrived, I was told that there was no happy hour special available. A few minutes later, the manager came out and told everyone that the restaurant will participate in the Center City Sips next week. My entire party decided to leave and call it an evening. 
While I was at the bar waiting for our guests to arrive, I ordered a glass of wine. The glass was filthily with lipstick on it. I was not wearing lipstick. I gave the wine back to the bartender, who had to go through several glasses before finding a clean one. 
I will not be going back to Ms. Tootsies. It is really too bad since there are not a lot of places for black professionals to hang out in Philadelphia.The service was actually ok. A bit slow to start but got much better. The food,... This is not an upscale soul food place, although the prices indicated otherwise.  The catfish and crab cake tasted like the same seasoning mix was used. Everything was EXTREMELY salted.  Pork chop (without gravy) was laying in a puddle of oil so wad not crisp. Smothered chicken was more trickled with gravy instead of smothered. Mac and cheese was ok, similar to the one you get at someone's house that's not as good as the one you make at home.  Overall, wouldn't go back and wouldn't recommend.I want to like this place so bad but unfortunately the workers refuse to let me. The food is just ok not the best anything, even the Tea fell over the years. Every single time i go they run out of something. And to think when the waitress comes over to greet you, that she would tell you right off the back that they ran out of so and so, but no. They wait until u get your mind set on something, order it, then they come back just to say "we're out."... This place lacks organization. They never have a set time to open. If you don't get there when the doors open forget it, its a two hour wait and u already waisted money on parking. The host took my number to call when my table was ready, and hours went by with no call. I went back and she told me "I called that number and it was disconnected," ... now what sense would that make on my part? I looked at the number and she wrote it down wrong... They know the restaurant gets crazy busy when the living social deals are about to expire so they should know to up the staff and maybe use the rest of the thousand open tables on the second, third level and next door.... I can go on and on but I won't waste anymore time because I'm sure they won't change. (and the two stars are for the look of the place, nothing more)Being from Alabama, soul food is something I am always searching for in the Northeast. Had a living social deal for this spot and decided to check it out. So glad I did. Food was really, really good. The only drawback was the ungodly long wait. I  don't mind waiting, but when you see open tables, it can be rather unnerving. Regardless, the food is top tier. The biscuits are amazing. The tea is pretty good too.Ok . So I really wish I could give this place 5 stars , but I'd be lying . When you're seated & you take a look around , it's easy to fall in love with the set up . It's small but still cute . Then they hit you with that heart melting corn muffin with the side of strawberry cream cheese like spread that leaves you love struck . However , the food is rather basic . There isn't anything that stands out . It's ok , just not great . Nice date spot .Horrible. Well, at least the server was nice, and the ambiance was nice. For comfort food, it was not even very tasty, the food took forever, and honestly, I was very disappointed in the fried chicken (Crown's is better), the fried fish, and the okra and tomatoes. I'll will not be going back.Coming from a family of phenomenal soul food cooks, I'm usually underwhelmed with soul food when I dine out. I was pleasantly surprised and blown away with the food here. Everything was 5 star excellent. The crab cakes knocked my socks off. The collard greens were excellent. The fried chicken and Mac and cheese were brilliant. Awesome lounge with great food, good music and excellent customer service. My only feedback to them is that the champagne should be a bit more chilled. I did the unlimited mimosas and all of them were warm. I had to add ice to each on to make it drinkable. Other than that, the experience was perfect and I can't wait to go backCame in town for Made in America and had to see if the hype was real and it was. Brunch was good the fish and grits filled me up. The chicken and waffles filled my girlfriend up too and we both left with decent size leftovers. Dionna was our server and she was great. The music they played during brunch was on point I felt like I was at a bar b q. I highly recommend coming here while in town.Very nice establishment in Philly the food was great and the wait was long but overall great experience the drinks were strong and the food was on point; but again the wait is extremely long; waited over two hours for a table; we ended up eating at the bar it's a very upbeat place. I was there on Saturday 4/25/15 the bartender wAs great. I will return when I'm in Philly. Not a lot of parking take a cab if possibleGenerous portions for their wine selections! Mine came in a huge glass. The bartender was very friendly and made a conscious effort to recommend fun nightlife activities since my friend and I were visiting the city for the first time. This isn't one of those high energy places but rather, a very calm and relaxing ambiance. I came on a Wednesday night and there weren't too many people. The place is rather big with a huge upstairs restroom. I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Philly.WORSE RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE EVER!!!! I called to book a reservation 2 weeks in advance because id be in town for a play at the kimmel center. Receptionist said they only take reservations online ONLY. So I go online set my reservation and that was it. When I get there, before I could  let the hostess know I have a reservation, she immediately tells me their not taking anymore ppl. Mind you I drove 1 hour and 30 minutes. I tell her I have a reservation. She asks me do I have the email confirmation. No where on the website did it say I should be expecting an email confirmation. At that point I didn't even bother asking for a manager or anything. I just left because if the hostess can shut me down like that I can't imagine what the management would be like. The employees are a reflection of your establishment.After having my eye on Ms. Tootsies for a while, it took a Living Social deal to get me in the door.  I have to say the place lived up to the reviews I've heard over the years and I left with a full belly and leftovers.
I didn't make a reservation because it can't be done online (I looked them up on OpenTable and couldn't find them; the actual website under the Keven Parker name was down the few times I tried to go on there). So I'm lazy and never remembered to make the old fashioned phone call. My friend and I walked in without a reservation around 7 on a Wednesday night and were seated almost immediately.
Though I'm no "soul food" connoisseur, I know what I like and the food was great. A little greasy, a little salty and almost all carbs ... exactly what I was craving.Not sure what was in the cornbread but I'd like that recipe! Service was attentive and honest about portions and cook time. All in all, a party of two made it in and out with appetizers, entrees and dessert (to go) in 90 minutes.
A lot of the reviews for this place are comparing the food they grew up with vs. Tootsies ... I've never had a meal in a restaurant that could compare with some of the homemade goods I've grown up on! If that's what you're expecting you're probably not going to find that anywhere but your Grandma's kitchen.
As far as service, ambiance and menu offerings and execution ... I will be back and I would be happy to recommend to others.went there on a sunday afternoon around 1 pm, we were seated right away. after placing our order, we waited way too long for the food to arrive (about 45 mins) which was weird considering the place was not crowded. the yams were very good, the mac n cheese was just ok, the tilapia was alright, the chicken breast was dry, the tea was ok. the cornbread was very good and the server was excellent. overall the experience was just ok. i was glad i had a groupon because it definitely wasn't worth the $50 for the two of use if we had to pay full price.  i've also eaten at the reading terminal location. i had the turkey wings and string beans. i couldn't eat the string beans because the were soooo salty!Okay, so I have been to Ms.Tootsies before, but never to eat.  I had gone for a birthday party.  I loved the ambiance and the experience I had so much, I decided to check out the restaurant.
AMBIANCE & DECOR
The ambiance and decor is on point.  The ambiance screams, classy, sophistication, mature and hip.  Very nice.  I was definitely impressed.  Everything looked beautiful.  From the furniture, to the tables, to the food, down to the people.  Now that I think about it, I can't say that I saw one staff member I would deem to be "average looking".  Seriously, the staff fit right in with the decor. Everything and Everyone (staff wise)was aesthetically pleasing.
FOOD
I had the fried tilapia, collard greens and mac  n cheese.  The portions were of decent size. My only complaints I have concerning the food was the tilapia was a bit on the salty side and the infamous iced tea was just too sweet for my taste.  I mean a person can walk up in perfectly healthy and come out with diabetes...that's how sweet the teas was.....no exaggeration. I hope in the future they do a change up on their menu.  I mean for those who are a bit on the health conscious side, there aren't that many options, if any.  Who says soul food can't be cooked in a healthier manner. Does everything have to be fried in order to be deemed soul food??!! I don't think so.  The cornbread was VERY good, came out piping hot.  Wish they started off the meal with more than just one per person (two would of been fine).
LOCALE
It's right in center city. Convenient and easy to get too.  The downside to it being so convenient is that the restaurant can easily get overcrowded and fast! This was the case when I went on Saturday night. When I entered the establishment on the first floor was very crowded (this is where the bar is located as well as a few tables)
Cons
SERVICE
I was not impressed.  This area can certainly use vast improvement and fast! First off, my date and I arrived at 8pm. I had tried making reservations earlier that day and was told they weren't accepting reservations and that I just come down. Well, as soon as I arrived there was a line.  When my turn came to speak to the greeter I was told the restaurant was full and it was going to be an hour and a half wait for a table.  I said fine (begrudgingly). My date and I decided to walk up and down south street to bide some time (we didn't want to lose our parking space).  They called him on his cell and told him we had 15 minutes to get there or our turn was going to be passed up and someone else was going to take our place in line.  Since my date and I were expecting an hour and a half hour wait and because that amount of time given to us by the greeter had not lapsed yet....we were literally rushing to get back to the restaurant in time.  We ended up waiting an hour instead of the 90 minutes for our table to be ready. I guess that is better.
The server was attentive most of the time (and the rest of the time distracted). We received pretty decent service. However, as unimpressed I was with the initial wait to get our table.  I was equally unimpressed with the wait to get our food. In totality, it took a good 45 mins to an hour to get our food and I noticed with others, it took a bit longer. There was a table with a couple who was seated before us, but we got our food before they did and they did not look happy!
Overall:
I would def come for carry out and if I am in the mood to lounge and get a couple drinks I would come for that too, but I don't think I would come for a sit down dinner at the restaurant.  I just can't get down with the wait time.  The only way I can see myself coming there to eat would be If I came down during the week when there is less of a crowd.It's better than Delilah's in terms of fried chicken and mac and cheese, that's for sure. The prices were pretty high for soul food, but I guess that's part of the deal here. The tropical iced tea was great, but you're going to want some water as well, since its sweetness is not particularly thirst-quenching or hydrating.
My dinner also came with collard greens, so if one were to compare all this to my ideal last meal, you're coming pretty close. We had an amazing waiter (can't remember his name but he was from MD), and my friend's chicken and waffles were good.
 I wish I had known that the restaurant was BYOB; I presumed that since there was a nightclub next door under the same management, the booze would be flowing. I'll come prepared next time, along with an empty stomach. All in all, Ms. Tootsie's is pretty close to the tastes of home, which is a huge plus.yummy!
Being from Detroit, we dont have sit down places with this ambiance, great food and great drink menu for dine in. Very nice. I ate here twice and i was only there for a week. Great food, multi levels, great friendly staff as well. the problem? wait time. If you are there during peek times, forget it. The fried chicken, cabbage and the corn bread with strawberry butter was delicious. 
I would pick this place over any cheesesteak places... if the couple who was recently pregnant reads this... wish you the best. LOL.I'll start with the positives! Because it's Sunday, we were able to find parking in front; the restaurant wasn't crowded; our server was sweet! 
Now, will I be making a return visit: NO! He owner's response to not being greeted upon entry left a nasty taste in my mouth (no pun intended); the "signature tea" is not authentic (more like Powdered tea and fruit juice); the corn muffins were clearly microwaved as they hardened almost instantly after cooling. I had shrimp and grits and the shrimp tasted as if it had been fried in chicken batter.  My plate was chipped and it took damn near 20mins to get a glass of water to wash down the sugary tea! 
The area we were seated in could use some touch-ups of paint and the padded walls appear discolored and dingy, perhaps the ambience is better in the dark.After reading many mixed reviews, we decided to give Ms. Tootsie's a try anyway. We arrived at 7pm on a Saturday night (I'm thinking, nightmare!!!). A kind lady met us at the door and said the wait would be 90 minutes unless we wanted to sit at the bar where we could order from the full menu. *Just based on the reviews I've read I will mention that we are a mixed couple (white female, black male) 
We chose the bar and I drank a watermelon fusion martini (fabulous!! Ended up having 2!!) while my date had a vodka martini. We enjoyed fried catfish and fries as an appetizer. The catfish could have been crispier but the batter was excellent as were the fries. We both ordered chicken and waffles which was phenomenal! The chicken was crispy and flavorful even on the inside and the waffle had a great sweetness to it, served with a warm gravy boat of maple syrup. Our sides were mac and cheese, collard greens, and yams; all of which were fantastic. There was so much food that we took exactly half of our meal home with us (and it made for great leftovers too). We had a Living Social coupon which they honored with no problems.
All in all a delightful experience and I would be happy to go back again.This is based on service alone we drove all the way from Baltimore to enjoy a Sunday in Philly. Myself and my husband remembered the restaurant being on the food network and wanted to go. I checked online to see if I could do reservations since we WERE traveling so far. I found a reservations link from there website and booked it we ended up arriving in Philly earlier than expected and when I called to change the time I was advised it was no problem come rite in.. 
  When we arrived it was no hostess at the front and it was people waiting I over heard a lady saying there food is great but the service is sh@tty the entry way is extremely small and holds 4 people at best so I took out my cell phone and called the restaurant while standing in the entry way and told someone it's a group of people just waiting for a hostess.  The young lady came out and tried to start sitting people but clearly they were under staffed because the other side was empty and she told everyone waiting it would be 15-20min wait everyone one looked disgusted.  Also like everyone else has stated the decor was to drab and dark it almost looked dirty. The bathroom floor was sticky and no TB paper. When the young lady finally came to us I mentioned I made a reservation online but we were early she stated we don't take same day reservations my reply was your online link accepts them and someone over the phone  confirmed it??  With no reply she said it's OK we'll seat u.. This was already after we were waiting 20mins without any acknowledgement. Then my husband went to the bar to get a cocktail and immediately walked back stating the bartender said they don't serve liquor today it's BYOB.. He was so taking a back considering they had a full drink menu.. I mean what adult restaurant does not serve liquor it was definitely tacky in my book BYOB?? we decided to wait longer on the strength of the foods repretation only but after another 25-30mins of waiting we decided to leave the restaurant and not eat there.. It is not somewhere I would go back to...I was shocked they only received 3 stars and now I know why..All of the side dishes we had were delicious (collard greens, macaroni and cheese, cabbage, and rice). The catfish I had was underseasoned I felt, the pork chops were good but a little salty. Waitress was very friendly but we had to wait way too long to pay the check, table had been cleared and wasn't sitting with a drinks or anything.We went to Ms. Tootsies Saturday night for a friends birthday party. While the downstairs looks great (street view) that's the only great part about it. 
First off whoever is the general manager should be fired. They are running a terrible business. They REFUSED to seat our party of 8 until the last person got there. We had to wait 30 minutes past our reservation. We could have all ordered a round of drinks by then. They sat us upstairs and something is wrong with their electric because the lights dimmed and brightened the entire 3 hours we were forced to be there. 
Anyway to sum up our terrible time:
1. The service was terribly slow (Terrance was our waiter)
2. It was 20 minutes before we got anything to drink. Not even water!!! 
3. Another hour before we got our food (the biscuits alone took 20 minutes after we finally got drinks)
4. We asked for refills on drinks and they never came. 
5. We asked for boxes and that took 15 minutes. 
6. We asked for checks and that took another 30 minutes. 
7. After all of the terrible service the waiter wrote in his 20% (since when is it 20%!) gratuity of $50. He is the reason people hate gratuity being added to large parties. Because for some that just means they can give horrible service. 
We had a 9:30 reservation and couldn't leave until 12:15am!!!!!! Because they were just soooooo slow!! Stay away and eat elsewhere.I was in Ms. Tootsies on Saturday, September 3, 2011, around 9:30pm, not only was there a two hour wait for a table, but we sat at the sky bar and could not order any food.  This is ridiculous that a well known center city business could not accommodate people with a simple meal.  Next time I rather have a meal at a local bar, than to come to Ms. Tootsies. For the amount of money you spend on alcohol in this establishment,  you would think that the service would be exceptional. My only kudos would be to the bartender at the sky bar who was extraordinary and very apologetic for the poor service from the kitchen.The atmosphere: It was nice, I admit, but small. My friend and I just sat at the bar. 
The staff: The hostess and bartenders were very friendly and refilled our drinks frequently. The best service I've had in Philly in awhile!
The food: To start off, we ordered their tropical ice tea special, which really was just (overly) sweetened ice tea with a slice of watermelon. Maybe I was dehydrated from shopping and walking, but it didn't strike me as something I would order again, but the drink was refilled multiple times. When the actual food came, it was disappointing. My friend ordered the fried whiting (fish) and I the smothered pork chops. The sides were okay; I remember the potato salad being good. They had run out of candied yams (!!!), so we didn't even get to have any--a major bummer, since I was drooling just thinking about them. The fish was tasteless and not as crispy as I would have liked. My pork chops were so tough, it was inedible; I had to send the dish back to the kitchen. The bartender told me that the other pork chops were going to be tough as well, since all were cooked in a batch (wtf?!), so I got their fried chicken wings instead. It came out hot and was good, but not the best I've had (it tasted much better a few hours later when it was cold and I had some tequila in my system).
Bottom line: Meh. Wasn't worth the money. I've had better fried chicken at Crown Fried and better side dishes at Boston Market.The food here was very underwhelming to say the least. Given so many good food spots on the nearby south street strip, I was informed about this place by a friend who lives in the area and frequents the place. I don't know if I was more disappointed by the disgusting tasting food or the fact that my friend actually likes it so much she suggested it. I am not ashamed to admit that I'm a soul food snob. And the so called ambiance missed the mark. Its practically dark where I was seated minus the tea light candle on my table. I could barely see my food. This place should be closed.Miss Tootsies, I wanted to love you. But sadly I was sorely disappointed. We went here tonight with a large group for a friend's birthday. We were a large group of about 22 people and had made a reservation several weeks in advance.  Despite the reservation, we still had to wait about 40 minutes until our tables were ready. In the meantime, they made us wait in a room in front of the bathroom, with 20 odd people, got very crowded and hot. People kept pushing past us to get to the bathroom and the waiting room smelled strongly of some kind of perfume or potpourri that made me want to throw up. I know they must have had a hard time accommodating such a large group, but we did have a reservation and they knew we were coming. The service, while completely pleasant was completely confused. We were told by our friend who organized the dinner that Miss Tootsies informed her that we should probably order off a price fixe menu to make things easier. The prix fixe menu had 3 options or volumes. We all emailed her our choices and she in turn let Miss Tootsies know at least one week in advance. However, food just started coming out, but the wait staff had never asked us who had ordered which option so that created some chaos in figuring out who had ordered what. I had ordered the second volume, as did the majority or our party, which was to include a chicken leg and thigh, a piece of fried whiting, two ribs and sides. Everyone only got one rib, not two. The people who ordered the third option had to ask for their dessert. The food itself was decent, but nothing amazing. Actually, everything was incredibly sweet, from the sweet tea, the candied yams, the corn muffins and the cake--almost inedible really. Also we had to wait forever for the check. Overall, Miss Tootsies had average food and pleasant servers, but the management/staff were totally confused and slow.The food and service was great. I also had the privilege of witnessing a great act of kindness while dining. A young man was seated behind us however the staff did not realize he didn't have enough money to order anything on the menu. When asked if they had anything he could buy for $2 the waitress told him not to worry they would take care of him. Several members of the staff began to serve him the same way they served every other customer that was dining in the restaurant. When we got our check we asked our waitress August  (who was great!) if we could take care of his bill and our waitress told us that his meal would be on the house. Ms Tootsie's is an exceptional establishment!!My First Time Visiting And Will Not Be My Last Came Up From Baltimore, Maryland For The Dau. Food Was Excellent!!! Our Waitress Was August  Also Excellent!!!I was nervous coming here based on some of the previous reviews. But I am really happy that I decided to come. The food was really good. I had the chicken and waffle entree. The wait time was not very long and our waitress was very nice. The ice tea was sweet just how I like it. I will be back again.Ms. Tootsies is by far my favorite restaurant in Philly. I always make sure to have a meal there whenever I'm in town. The food and service are always great. I especially love the homemade  tropical tea they serve. A few times when I've gone for dinner there's been a bit of a wait but you can sit at the bar for a while and have a drink while you wait for your table. My ONLY critique is that space is a little cramped in the downstairs dining areas. I wish there was more space between tables so everyone wasn't crammed in all the time. Other than that I have nothing bad to say.Great food.  Great ambiance.  And you get a Tootsie pop at the end of your meal.  Who could ask for more?
I wish they had longer hours on the weekend.  I wish they had reservations, which is critical for a place that is so popular and so busy during primetime weekend hours.  But besides that, this place is a win and a Philly icon.  If you've never been, GO!  
Will be back!Once upon a time Ms. Tootsie's was delicious...The cornbread muffins didn't taste like nasty lemon cake, and the food was delicious...WTH happened?????!!!! The tropical tea hasn't failed me yet, and what's up with not having alcohol? Did they lose their liquor license? C'mon y'all, do better! I still have an ounce of faith in Ms. Tootsie's!The fried chicken and mac and cheese were definitely above par. The greens were the best I ever had. Great ambiance.I really don't understand why this place isn't rated higher. Like seriously. 3 stars? Are you kidding me? First of all, how many upscale soul food places do you know of in Philadelphia? Okay. Let's get a little more elementary. How many soul food places do you know in Philadelphia? Don't worry, I'll wait....{insert silence here} EXACTLY. The vibe in Ms. Tootsies is great. Its quiet, grown, and sexy all the time!! Its African American owned. Always filled with beautiful black folk--I feel like I should dress my ass off every time I come here. The decor is elegant, classy. Okay, but I guess thats not enough for you.
On to the food. I'm literally reborn again with every morsel of the catfish or the tilapia. The macaroni and cheese is like the only macaroni in cheese thats not my mothers or grandmothers that I LOVE! The bartenders are very friendly. We had a girl that made us more drinks even though it was past the last call for alcohol. And they were really good drinks. If you know whats good for you, please order the Tropical Rum Punch. Our service is always impeccable and sometimes black folk don't give the best service. But you don't have to worry about that here.
Sure Ms. Tootsies cost but you get what you pay for. As far as fine dining, Ms. Tootsies is well worth the money. I've spent loads more money eating at Ruth's Chris and not enjoyed my experience as much as I've enjoyed Ms. Tootsies. No, its NOT the type of soul food place that you eat at everyday. If you're looking for that "make you wanna slap yo mama" taste for chinese store prices, this aint it!! But its great for dates, its great for Friday nights, its a great place to start a girl's night, its great for birthdays.
I am a fan. I wish they had Ms. Tootsies everywhere.My husband and I decided to stop over at Ms Tootsie's after watching a special called "The Best Thing I Ever Ate."  We were so glad we stopped by.  Their fried chicken was amazing and the fried catfish had to be one of the best I've ever had...  Our server, Rita, was wonderful!  Service was amazing.  We will def be stopping by again when we're in Philly.I am visiting from CA and was referred to this restaurant for good soul food. WHY DIDN'T SHE WARN ME ABOUT THE SERVICE. When we arrived we were told it w/b a hr wait- she took our number and indicated she would call. After a hr we checked in on our table- we were then told they are prepping a table and it would me 20mins. After 20mins we followed-up and a different hostess indicated it would be another 15-30mins because they were "slowing down the kitchen" what? Where does that happen? Mind you there were 7 open tables in the backroom- I also failed to mention they had a vacant table in the main dining room vacant for 1hour! Oh that's reserved... Needless to say we were seated after 2.5 hours- why didn't we just leave!  once seated the POOR service continued- everyone around us were being served and we didn't even have water! After several conversations with the Manager that was fairly nice but VERY ineffective. At the end they comped our meal but I must say my plus + was so disappointed and no longer hungry-she ate one bite of her food and declined to finish. I in-turn enjoyed a few more bites of my smothered pork chops which were good but at this time it was 1:30am. This was a huge disappointment ... On the upside the drinks were good!Nice spot, good service and good food. I really enjoyed the style of the place. I got the catfish, yams and greens. They were on point and I especially appreciated that they fried my fish dark as many places can't get it right. The mango drink I had was also good. Meal came with cornbread and who doesn't like cornbread. My friend got the turkey wings, she liked hem but they were a little messy. 
The downside was that they were listed to open at 11, but weren't open when we arrived around noon. When we called they said they would open before 2. They desserts listed in the menu weren't available, but I didn't need sweets anyways.I have to admit, my husband are on kind of a fried chicken "kick" lately.  Out to see if some of these "best fried chicken" places live up to the hype.  Resurrection was great.....but this evening I was hungry and wanted not only 2 pieces of chicken but some good homemade sides and boy did Ms. Tootsies fill this craving!
First of all, the ambiance is very chill, great lighting, chill bar, some old school music  and laid back wait staff who were more than friendly. Come casual or dressed up you will fit right in!  Although other have complained about price $15 for some chicken and 2 sides can be warranted with such great atmosphere and friendly staff! 
We were here for chicken and that is what we got....keep in mind that the breast takes about 25 minutes, which was fine and they brought us a yummy warm corn bread muffins to tide us over.  Then came the chicken, the crust was on the thinner side but chock full of flavor, collards were delish as were the mac and cheese and okra with tomato and corn.   We will absolutely be back and look forward to trying some other items like the smothered pork chops and ribs!If I could give 10 stars I would. Food was great, atmosphere classy yet comfortable, staff are absolutely on point from the moment you walk thru the door. I couldn't be more pleased to see a well ran establishment top to bottom. Overall an amazing experience.Food was good, but they had no potato salad or french fries. Not exceptable since they had just opened for the day. The waiter was less then knowledgeable about the menu and u had to keep calling him back to the table for the most basic of things. A little more professionalism would help the atmosphere.I visited last night for a 9:00pm reservation for myself, and 3 other girlfriends. Unfortunately, we were 30 minutes late, and we lost the reservation. The manager, approached us and stated that he would get us seated as soon as he had a table available. The restaurant was pretty busy, but we were seated 20 minutes later! The food was stellar. I had the chicken and waffles with Lobster Macaroni and cheese, and String beans. What a great place to have a girls night out. The atmosphere is really chic and cozy. Not to mention, that we were able to take some really cute selfies in the bathroom lounge area. The Beyonce artwork is everything.  Thank you guys for the amazing evening.  Special thanks to the manager for accommodating our party. We will definitely be returning!The service and ambience was amazing! The food tasted great and was typical for good soul food, but  little pricey. Makes for a great evening, and the lamb is amazing. Go for a celebration night and you will be a great time!Soooo, I'm a huge fan of souls food and ambiance and this place is it!!!!!!  This is my #1 favorite restaurant in the area so far.  The lighting was right, the music was on point, our waitress was fantastic and the food .... the food was amazing to me.  I wanted so many things from the menu, which is rare because I'm a picky eater and usually order the same thing every visit. But now I want to go back several times to try just about everything on the menu!  Great experience!What a great dining experience. The restaurant's decor is perfect and makes for a cozy dining experience. The food was reasonably priced and was great. It was very well seasoned which can sometimes be missing, even in so called soul food. They just introduced a strawberry butter to accompany the cornbread and the butter was very good. However, it could be mistaken for strawberry cream cheese so take it easy.  LOL  Our server, Rita, was very attentive and made the experience even better. I had the smothered pork chops, mac n cheese and cabbage...awesome. My companion had the whiting, greens and yams; his was just as good.  I look forward to visiting again soon.Great soul food at reasonable prices. Downside? The restaurant is tight- too close for comfort and they have an entire second floor that's empty. Also, it's meter parking out front and the bar staff won't supply any quarters for trade!I have been hearing about Ms Tootsie's for years.  I went for the first time last weekend an it was ok.  Did not live up to my expectations.  I am going to give it another try, maybe it was just an off night.The Good: Four of us had dinner here about a month ago. The food was very good although the portions could have been larger for the high prices. We had been wanting to try it for a while. We ordered fried chicken, catfish, and ribs along with salad, greens, and mac/cheese. Our server was sweet, cheery and efficient. 
The Bad and Ugly: My wife and I arrived before our friends, so we sat at the bar to order cocktails. There were 2 bartenders (one male/one female) who kept walking by us, but never bothering to make eye contact or ask if we'd like a drink. It was 6:00pm, so they were not very busy. After about 5 minutes of waiting, an older African American gentleman walked up to the bar next to us and he was immediately asked what he wanted to drink. My wife and I who are white were astonished!  The bartender even looked at me with an acknowledgment that he knew we were waiting to be served, but would get to it when he was good and ready. As the gentleman was receiving his drinks another woman (maybe a manager) walked by and I asked her if we could order some drinks. She seemed surprised that we had not been served and quickly poured our drinks and apologized for the oversight.
We were the only white people in the restaurant that night - and it seemed clear to us that there was no oversight - the 2 bartenders for whatever reason decided to make us wait.
We will never go back to this place, even though the food was good. 
Discrimination and reverse discrimination both suck. Why can't we all just get along - as Rodney King stated so well.Ms. Tootsie's is a small, but busy place off South Street, so expect to wait for a seat on the weekend.  Ribs, cornbread, mac & cheese, & collard greens are great.  Pass on the green beans & yams (wayyyy to much cinnamon).   Ask about the pricing and sides or else you end up paying a lot more.   Our table was wobbly and water kept spilling all over it every time we tried to eat. Our waitress was on a bit of a power trip, but the other staff members were really friendly.  Hit or miss.Went here on the Memorial Day weekend; the restaurant did not disappoint at all.
My girlfriend and I walked in about 7:30pm on a Saturday night and we were seated in 5 minutes.  The hostess seated us in the front of the restaurant.  The inside seats are acuallty a small love seat and the outside is a very comfortable chair.
 I ordered the Sweet Tea, it was absolutely delicious!  Our server brought corn muffins to our table along with with strawberry whipped butter, this was excellent!
I had the Smothered Turkey Chops with Mac & Cheese and Greens and my girlfriend had the turkey wings.  The portions are HUGE!  The chops were very well seasoned, breaded and sovered in gravy.  The Greens were good, but not spectacular.  Could use a bit more flavor (sugar).  The Mac & Cheese was good.
When you go to this establishment make sure to sit in the front dining area, those are the best seats.
The service was wonderful!  Our server gave both if us a free re-fill of the sweet tea.I saw the Food Network special on Fried Chicken and had to try Ms. Tootisies to see if Robert Irvine was right. Well, my family and I ate at Ms. Tootsies tonight and he was right - the food was yummy!! We were able to get a table without a wait (we just missed the rush) and the service was great (Rita was a fabulous server!). The biscuits and strawberry butter was declicious. My boys enjoyed the sweet tea. And of course the fried chicken  - perfect!!! All of sides were great - mac'n cheese, yams, okra and corn, black eyed peas and collard greens. Cannot wait to go back!I really use to like this place. We have thrown parties and have had several meet ups here. However, last night was the final straw. On two different occasions, our chicken was under-cooked. Yesterday, it was the turkey wings and the cabbage. I love to support black businesses and the venue is both modern and chic. However, that can not excuse proper food preparation. Each time we go, we spend over 100 dollars but for now on, I have to find a new spot.Excellent food the service was great. The ambiance is amazing i went for brunch on a Sunday.  I was seated right away. The Waitress was very knowledgable.  Offered good suggestions on the menu.  The food was even better than i heard about it. The pork chops were so flavorful and the eggs were the best i've had in a while. The grown folks Iced Tea was good.  I have no problem driving from NY back to Philly just to eat there again.The food is delicious.  We ate at the bar and had the appetizer catfish and wings.  The appetizer portion was huge, I can't even imagine the entree.  The 3 stars is for the bar service.  It was quite slow and they were out of everything.  No beer (fridge is broken), no Chardonnay, the Pinot noir was out of a jug...well I guess I'll have a soda.  Definitely room for improvement.I had chicken, baked macaroni, collard greens and waffles .. the best!!! I traveled from NY to come have brunch!!! This was highly recommended by my friend and I'm very much pleased!!!I flew in from Seattle and practically ran to Miss Tootsie's! I was here for dinner in July and couldn't be happier to return for yet another stellar soul food dinner. Tonight I was with 6 friends and we ordered big plates of fried chicken, catfish, warm cornbread muffins with sweet strawberry butter, delicious sides such as candied yams, mac 'n cheese, grilled asparagus and cole slaw. Everything got rave reviews! Nothing disappoints in this groovy  joint. We got very lucky and managed to snag choice seats at the bar where we inhaled all of this amazing food. Hurry on over if you know what's good for your soul. Thank you to the entire staff for taking such good care of us.Great friendly staff. I love the food here. last time there I had cat fish for the first time. It was cooked perfectly. I like that they expanded before It was almost hard to enjoy my meal all cramped up in the small dinning room. If you are visiting Philadelphia this is a don't miss!Went there for dinner 7/28/12.. Objectively speaking:
1) Too dark!..
2) Needs railing for steps.
3) Side dishes not warm enough..
4) H2O and cornbread late in coming..
5) Asked for black eye peas but was told they had none left!!
6) Ice tea too sweet, had to water it down.
7) Waiter was friendly but lacked overall resturant protocol. 
8)As far as the positive, Im at a loss for words..The restaurant is a really nice space, clean and modern. The chef was very hospitable and checked on customers. The wait is abhorrent. I believe the lounge-like environment offers customers to linger and socialize post-meal thus creating a backlog for waiting diners. I will not return because 2 hour wait is too much time. Request for reservation via email wasn't responded to so there's that.Two days ago I went to Ms tootsies with my boyfriend for the first time because I been hearing great things. First the staff was excellent! When we was seated I quickly recognized the cheap tableware from target !!! Shortly after, our waitress offered some water, we accepted. When the water came I IMMEDIATELY got disgusted because it was straight FAUCET water DISAPPOINTED !!!! So I kindly asked to try they famous tropical tea only to be DISAPPOINTED again because the yea was straight powder tea with the same FAUCET water !!! Oh and a pale watermelon on the glass for presentation purposes. 
As for the food I ordered Fried chicken, cabbage, and candy yams. They were really good except the watery cabbage which was mush!!!!! 
Despite it being my first time. The food was really great but needs work on that water problem. The atmosphere was calm and classy plus the service was ok.  I would try again but not until I think they clean their water !!!!Update: I was invited back by the owner and had a good time. Again, the food is always good and on point. This time the service was much better. I appreciate Mr. Parker for reaching out to us. That is definitely something that wouldn't happen from big chain restaurant. I attached or pics of the Awesome food.Food was very good but my friend Turkey chops n gravy sucked! Other than that it was nice! Atmosphere nice . Next I will try there. Longer! For the chill lounge music!0 star if I could. Well the review is for how badly the restaurant is managed since we didn't even get a table to eat. It seems like sat 12/10/11 was a bad night for many people trying to eat at this place. Knowing that it might be a long wait based on yelp review, I decided to call them 3 hrs ahead to make a reservation. The first time they said "call an hour before so we make sure we can have a table for you guy". Took note dutifully and called an hour ahead and this time I got "we do not take reservation over the phone for 2 people". Uhm was I misinformed the first time? My friend and I decided to just give it a try anyway. I was told the wait is 1.5 hr. at this point I'm like wtf? I decided to ask if I wa planning a special night dinner with just another person can they do anything abt the reservation and thy said no. Just gotta show up and wait till they have a table. According to a recent review on this same night, they waited for 2 hrs and then left? I guess I made the right call to eff this and settle at the monks cafe which has a terrific selection of belgian beer. Honestly in NYC even the hottest restaurants can accommodate some reservations. I'm sorry that some people just like to have their day planned well and not diddling daddling around for restaurant like thisI'm stuffed. Totally, uncomfortably, regrettably stuffed. You might ask me if I'm so stuffed why would I decide to sit in front of the computer and writing a review? I should walk it off or do some exercise or something. Yes, that would be the healthy thing to do but I didn't say I was health-smart and I need to write things down when my memory is still fresh.
Some odd years ago when Ms.Tootsie first open, I came here all by myself to try out this then new establishment in the near edge of Broad and South. I was the only non-Black person in the restaurant and even though it was a bit intimidating, the waitress I had made me felt right at home. It was excellent food, excellent service and excellent ambiance, honestly I don't know what have kept me from coming back all these years.
After I don't know how many renovations, I'm back again with a friend. The place has done well for itself, With dark wood tables and white plush chairs and banquette, it reminds me of exotic resorts in St. Tropez or Bahamas, places that I've never been. The roomy, luxurious bathroom is hidden behind cushioned wall. Red glassware lined a cube shelf installment. Right next to the buddha statue, a church podium and saloon doors separates the next door bar lounge. My favorite artist Jill Scott's newest album playing in the air. I'm already in love with this place.
The servers are as friendly as ever if not friendlier. There are smiles, they act like they've known me even though I'm sure that I've never met them before. I remembered having Ms. Tootsie's Famous Ice Tea with a huge take away cup with slices of orange, melon and watermelon inside, so when I reordered it and see only a slice of watermelon atop a glass stemware, I was a little disappointed. 
After ordering, a plate of hot corn muffins and strawberry butter were brought in front of my friend and I and they were delicious. It's rare that I can find cornbread better than my own but theirs were fluffy soft and mildly sweet. Not overpowering and with enormous fresh taste. I wish there were more strawberry flavor in the strawberry butter and I wish I was having waffles but it works out well enough.
For appetizer, the boyfriend and I decided to have catfish and fries. To be quite honest, the appetizer section of the menu is strange considering they are almost all fried items with fries, qualified to be entrees in most diners. The catfish fingers were glorious. Soft catfish wrapped inside the most delicate crust. The Louisiana remoulade that accompanies the fish is slightly sweet and sour which elevates the catfish into something completely heavenly. The fries are meaty and crispy, tossed with cayenne pepper and mixed spice, think a spicier version of the fries at Burger King. The drawback is, after sharing this appetizer with my boyfriend, I'm already full.
My boyfriend ordered fried chicken (a breast and a wing) with black eye peas and candied yam for entree and I had the ribs with cabbage and rice and gravy. The chicken here were fried hard, I've never been a fan of white meat except in boyfriends. I find breast, especially fried, is usually too dry. The black eye peas is earthly and sandy with subtle pleasing flavors. The candied yam can almost qualify as a dessert, the already decadently sweet yams drizzled with a caramel sauce, how is this a side dish? I got three meaty and large ribs with a rich, yummy BBQ sauce. I like my cabbage on the softer side but the ones here were very well done. I like my rice on the softer side as well, and I like the gravy to be a bit runny so that it can cling and mix to the rice a bit easier. 
Overall though, the food is great, the environment and staff inviting. We couldn't finish the food and we have to ask for boxes. All the better, I love leftovers. I will definitely try to be back more often. LivingSocial or not.The food to me was mediocre. The sweet potatoes or yams were soaked in a bath of syrup and were just top sweet. I've had way better yams in my life time. I also got the okra and tomatoes and corn and it was mostly just corn. Barely any okra. The catfish was actually good. It was fried well and wasn't soggy. Also the corn muffins are really good. The ambiance is nice. It is a small venue so there is a wait. My server was nice.Best cornbread I've ever had in my whole life. The portions are huge, customer service is excellent and the whole experience is well worth the price. We'll definitely be back to try everything on the menu that we couldn't fit in our bellies tonight. 
Chicken and Waffles, shrimp and their Mac and cheese balls were all wonderful.Okay so we wanted some soul food while in Philadelphia so we decided to go to Ms.Tootsies...horrible choice I have been here several times before but the food was so much better that's what made me want to go back. The waiter first try to impress us on the Tootsie Pop shaved chicken and said it was to die for so we order them after taking about 40 minutes to get them they were nothing but some small chicken drumsticks...not impressed we also ordered the crab mac & cheese ball they came out cold and no mac & cheese inside..then the waiter comes out and say they have no cornbread ,second sign we should have cancelled the order and just got out of there next our entrees arrive almost an hour an 15 minutes later with the wrong sides.after they correct our sides we finally get to eat and the smothered turkey wings were dry and cold they yams were bitter ,the mac & cheese was so bland .my daughter had the greasiest smothered turkey chops, spicy greens and nasty bland mac & cheese..my son had the  okra mixed which looked like it was not cooked and came out the can . In the mean time the large party  of about 7 that  was sitting  right next to us was served cornbread which remember we were told they didn't have anymore . So we ask the waiter could we have some cornbread and he seemed confused . He then came back with 2 mind you it was 3 of us with a story that was it he had to take it from another party. I was so disappointed with the slow service ,the bland cold food, and the staff not aware of our order being mixed up and the cornbread after our meals...never again!!!Came here with a couple of people , had to wait a little bit for some tables to be cleaned, but the moment we walked in the setting was very dim & romantic. It was our first time here so I was hoping to have a great experience. The only reason I'm giving it a 4 stars isn't because of the food, It's the service! The waitress was I must say pleasant, but she did forget a couple of things we asked for .. Starting off with drinks. My group ordered drinks and requested water as well. I ordered the southern LIT and she returned with the drinks forgetting the water, and minutes after sipping my (what I thought was an LIT) she returned only to tell me that I was drinking the wrong drink a (sangria) . Strike (1) .. Next was appetizers my boyfriend ordered the small chicken and waffles & crab cake. At first I added on the teriyaki wing, but realizing we already had chicken I decided not to get it. I don't think the waitress heard me, because when the appetizers arrived I received the teriyaki wings. I'm not one to send things back so I kept it. Strike (2) .. Finally dinner arrived and the food was absolutely delicious !! We finally received our water after asking a second time for it. Overall the food was very delicious and I can't deny that but I just think they might want to tell the waitress is to take their time when taking orders.Ms Tootsie's restaurant is amazing. The atmosphere is really chic and nice. The food is very delicious and the service is phenomenal. Everyone that works there is really pleasant and Ms Tootsie comes around herself to make sure everyone is enjoying their meal. I wish we had one in New York. The wait time is at least 30 minutes during peak time but it is well worth the wait. The portions are large and filling. I had the catfish with collard greens and Mac and cheese and my husband has the jumbo shrimp and grits with potato salad and candied yams. Ms Tootsie's is true soul food at its finest! If your in the Philadelphia area, make sure you stop by.The food here isn't bad, but it isn't great and definitely not worth the hype that many people give it.
I think the difference in reviews may come from people who were brought up on soul food or eat it often versus individuals that may not be familiar with it. If you've been eating soul food for years you've probably had better food from your grandmas, great Aunt Bertha's, your second cousin on your dad's side baby mom's mom or hell, even food that you've slaved over and cooked yourself at home. 
The food here just isn't impressive.
When I go out I'm not asking for much when it comes to soul food because I do realize I have high expectations but when spending money I'd at least like a similar quality/taste and flavor that you can get from home. Any type of soul food joint should really give you that straight from the kitchen type feel with their food. That doesn't exist here. 
The "famous" tea? Tasted like a mixture of iced tea mix and kool-aid (secret's out!!), but the watermelon garnish is quite nice. The food is just okay, the fish and fried chicken I've had from here tasted like it was from a frozen bag. Like the fish that you buy from Save-a-Lot that you pull the plastic off before cooking. I mean it's probably not, but that says a lot about the actual fresh taste the food lacks. Tried the shrimp and grits once and the grits were completely overcooked and kind of tasted like a strange porridge. The side portions are pretty small in comparison to other places and the actual service is about 3 stars. One time a friend and I were refused a table and asked to sit at the bar during a random Tuesday afternoon when the restaurant was nearly empty. 
I do, however, like the decor and the very intimate feel which makes it a great location for hosting events or dates. I've been to a few parties here in the past and I think the location is great as just a venue, no food. I do not recommend coming here without at least a Groupon to deflect some of the cost because the overall experience and quality is not worth it otherwise.I love Ms. Tootsie's, GREAT FOOD and good music. The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because of the wait time and rude server I had this pass week. I went on a week day around the time they opened. Only the first half of the restaurant is open. Which is fine, but it started getting crowded. We asked if we could eat at the bar and we were told no. So the wait for a table for two was about a half an hour. We finally got our table and had a rude waitress. The table next to us said that she was rude to them too. Finally when we order our food and I see a lady and other people eating at the the bar! I thought we couldn't eat at the bar??  Next time I think I'll just get a platter from Ms. tootsie's in Reading Terminal than to deal with the rude staff.Delicious food, cocktails, and super friendly staff! I agree with other reviewers on the cornbread & strawberry butter - yum! Glad I went with my two sisters so we each ordered something different & try out the menu. All were really good! Smothered pork chops, mini chicken & waffles, and lollipop chicken. Worth going back for sure next time we're in Philly.I saw Ms. Tootsie's on the Food Network's "Best Thing I Ever Ate" and had to try it.  We went on a Thursday night around 8:00, and waited about 20 minutes for a table.  We were greeted by a really friendly woman, who led us to a waiting area.  The waiting area is a bit odd, as it's right outside the bathroom (which is unisex and features a giant half naked picture of Janet Jackson) and decorated with white leather couches accented with furry pillows, but it served its purpose.  
We started with the tropical sweet tea and the watermelon fusion drink , both of which were yummy (the fusion tasted just like a watermelon jolly rancher).  The cornbread (complementary) is delicious, especially when topped with the strawberry butter!  We ordered hush puppies to start, which came piping hot and perfectly fried.  The fish was flaky on the inside, and the accompanying fries were also deliciously seasoned.  We shared the fried chicken basket for the main course, and went with mac and cheese and collard greens for the sides.  While the chicken was good, I thought the sides were the true stars.  Both were incredibly flavorful and delicious, and I couldn't stop eating them!  The only disappointment was dessert - the sweet potato pie was served icy cold - just a pop in the microwave would have made it so much better!  
The service was very friendly and attentive, and our fellow patrons were all laughing and having a great time, which made for a really nice dining atmosphere.