We met another couple for dinner and they suggested Murph's based on a previous visit.  I'm always up for someplace new, but I was blown away with my dinner at this little unassuming bar in Fishtown.  A nice beer selection, I  had a Kona IPA and a Belgian from local St. Benjamin's, both were really good.  
We ordered the Zucchini Blossoms and received three of them stuffed with pillows of ricotta with a thin batter and lightly fried.  A product of the season, here today and gone next week, these were totally worth it.  Also ordered the caprese salad, it came with an extra dollop of mozzarella cheese, drizzled with balsamic and oil.  Along with a piece of crusty bread, this was excellent.  
As for entrees, my wife had the salmon wrapped in thin slices of zucchini and it really worked.  I had a pasta dish with an unpronounceable type of pasta that resembled small penne with a spicy sauce and pork cheeks, another hit.  This was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had and was cooked al dente.  
Murph's is a great neighborhood gem and a must visit when in the area.Three and a half stars. You had me at "hockey bar" but lost me at "Flyers." Totally bizarre for me to be drinking in enemy territory, but a good time was had... even on a non-Quizzo night. Attentive service for everyone while we chatted up our fellow barmates. Our bartender recommended the Washington Apple shots, which were not too sweet and an alright break from our beers. Extra kudos to her for trying to be my buddy's wingman after she misread the situation.
Bartender: "So what brings you into town?"
Me, turning to pat my friend on back: "It's my buddy's birthday this week."
Bartender: "Ohhhh." And unbeknownst to me, shoves her finger into her other hand's thumb/index ring in the international sign of getting it on.
Friend, shaking his head in response to her: "No, no."
Me, slightly annoyed and still looking at my friend: "Uh, yes... that's why I came up here!"
Bartender, winking: "Better let her have what she wants!"
Me: "Haha! Wait, what?"
Friend: "Oh god, I'll explain later..."
Yeah, I see myself being a regular here if I lived nearby, even with last decade's buttrock constantly cycling through the jukebox. Laid back and friendly atmosphere, and much less crowded than Johnny Brenda's.The pear and cheese pasta is the best pasta I've had in Philly, but maybe ever.  It's absolutely amazing.  Skip the Italian Market and just head here!Comfortable place to spend the night. Staff is nice and crowd was great as well. They make a mean captain & Coke & Juke box is always poppin good tunes ! Deff would recommend this bar if you just want to relax and have a nice night !Who would've thought that a divey Irish Pub would serve such great Italian pasta dishes!? My friends in Philly took me to this little covert spot of culinary perfection because they know I'm a big foodie. 
As I walked in the interior had me thinking that they just served beer and standard bar food, but never judge a book by it's cover. After looking over the menu, my friends and I ordered the Lobster Ravioli with Cream Sauce, the Veal Tortellacci with Walnuts and Truffle Oil over Capocollo, and the Pear and Cheese Fiocchi with Parmigigiano Cream and Honey to share for the table.  Everything was divine. So good I was sopping up each sauce with their delcious fresh baked bread. They also have a fabulous wine selection, and offer pairings for each of their dishes. 
I must say Murph's is one of Philadelphia's best kept secrets.This place kicks ass !!!!!!!!!!!! Drinks are at a great price you can get drunk and still go home with money. People are nice food is real good for a pub style you can smoke out back the place looks sick too. Really nice job with it.Cozy place, reasonable prices, decent crowd.  Outside area small but okay to stand around in (no tables, at least last time I was there).  Currently working on being redesigned (had a few beers and helped the owner paint some slabs - friendly staff!)Its the first place I ever got drunk (Fun Times) so I have to give it a 5 lol its a little small but on a Friday/Saturday who cares! Its fun nice people hot bar tenders ;) and a great place just to have fun alot of my best drunk story's start with "So I left murphs" lolPhenomenal.  Fantastic authentic Italian food in an Irish bar.  Had the stuffed eggplant, which was very good.  My wife had the best lobster ravioli I have ever tasted and my daughters gnocchi was too die for.  The dessert knocked it out of the park.  This place is a must!very chill atmosphere, good selection of micro brews, 2 dollar pbrs, great place to hang, live music.
Not much space however, tough to relax if its busyOn the surface this just seems like your typical bar but please take note that they have a legitimate chef serving up delicious Italian food.  Italian food in an Irish bar? You bet! All three of us thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  This place gets crowded on the weekends (it's a bar remember) and the dining room doesn't have much space wise but if you're around during a weeknight I would highly recommend giving it a go!Don't be fooled by this bar's Irish atmosphere. They make some MEAN pasta! Also: try the wings as an appetizer!It's pretty impossible to give this place a "great" review. They've got a good tap which includes economical and experiential options, and the place is covered in plasticized pennies, but the service is just . . . poor. Maybe it's the geometric layout that keeps the bartender from being able to see the entire cast of characters lined right up like their out of the police station . . . or maybe I just went to this place (both times) on a horrid day, but service was undeniably sloppy. We ordered fries (which I don't recommend getting, as the freezer is right there in the corner, the fries are something out of Cosco, and the "cooking machine" was this assembly-line oven robot that just freaked me out) and they sat there steaming hot . . . fading . . . fading . . . cold and then the bartender/waitress got her friend to put them in a tray and bring them to us, even though he hadn't been doing anything the entire time up to that point!
I remember doing shots of smuggled in whiskey in the back alley behind the place and enjoyed that. I also think it's cool that there's a great community for all the free live music (local, local, local) that's hosted there. I saw Power Animal and a couple other groups perform and was impressed. Mostly DIY, but the shit was tight.
The clientelle are nothing to go tell your mother about, but they're friendly and, depending on the night you go, beautiful (or hideous). There's a mixed crowd . . . Fishtown locals come together with hipster-types who can't get a leg in across the street at Johnny Brendas. The best part, I guess, is that you can go in for a quick PBR, then bust a move to a cooler, more appealing place down the block.My daughter is the best, she chose Murph's bar for our dinner location because of its easy walking distance to Weckerly's Ice Cream. She also thought the pictures of the food, the Yelp reviews and the atmosphere would be fun and interesting. That was enough to convince me. We were able to find street parking fairly close on Girard, basically across the street from Sketch Burger. 
Some review Murph's as a dive bar. Maybe things have changed a little since my time before marriage, but I would not classify Murph's as a dive bar. It is a little dark inside and had some Elvis kitsch and eclectic decorations, but it felt clean and warm.  The dive bars of my younger days were places I would only drink beer from bottles, avoided any eye contact with regulars, tried not to use the bathroom and would never order food. Murph's was none of that.
Being the Saturday before Valentines Day the small dining area in the back was crowded with over a one-hour wait for a table. This was around 6:00 PM. We grabbed a two-seat bar table by the door and took in the diverse but friendly patrons. After a short wait our server/bartender gave us menus and took our drink orders. Murph's has a very good selection of beers for a smaller bar and the pricing was pretty fair also.
As others before me have written, it is surprising that an Irish bar serves excellent Italian food, but Murph's really does. We started with the meatballs and they were flavorful with a great tasting homemade sauce and a Ricotta cheese scoop. I had the tortellini with roast beef and a spicy tomato sauce. That was also delicious and contained just enough heat. The dish was not overly heavy either. My daughter had the Murph's pasta in a beer, cheese and cream sauce with bacon. It is hard to go wrong with these ingredients but the dish had refined feel also. It was excellent.
Our service was great all night. We had some interesting banter about music and Rose bushes with some of the regulars.  Prices for food were reasonable also. One weird side note is Murphs accepts credit cards for drinks but cash only for food. They will gladly spit the bill with the card and cash but be prepared.
Murph's was a fun time with surprisingly good Italian food. 4.5 Yelp stars.Okay...so I think I had this place hyped up way too much in my mind.  Every human in Philly knows about the dive bar that serves v good Italian food and my thing is - I wasn't too impressed. I'd say average.
I love the neighborhood. Fishtown is so up and coming and the place to be, so I like that you can grab food here and then head to Frankford Hall or the barcade.  The food, however, wasn't anything spectacular and quite frankly, a little over priced.  We got 2 appetizers, $10 each and 3 entrees.  We each got a drink (3 total) and we spent $33 each (including tip).  That isn't outlandish for a Friday night dinner, but it's weird to pay that when you're having an Italian meal in an un-air conditioned dive bar.  
I'm also all about aesthetic, so that is definitely weighing into my review.  I would much rather go to a hip, trendy, cute spot to dine instead of here.  
It is also busy as hell with not a lot of seating and one waitress, so service was kind of a drag.  
I definitely won't be back, but I would say: give it a shot and see for yourself? According to Yelp lots of people love it here, maybe I'm just too bad and boujee (lol, half kidding).The best Italian food in the city can be found in this divey Irish bar. The chef, Francesco, was also our extremely friendly server/host. He explained to us every item on the menu and gave wonderful suggestions for wine and dessert! A lot of his ingredients, such as the pasta, are made in house, and I believe he also tries to source local ingredients as well. Best of all, the food came in huge servings and was fairly priced. You will not be disappointed!What a great small place. The pasta was great especially the tagliatelle was awesome with mushroom and cream sauce.What's the only thing that will have Philadelphians pour onto Broad Street from South Street to Temple, as well as the intersection at Frankford and Cottman in, perhaps drunken, unison?  I'm afraid it's not an election of our nation's president, at least not to the same magnitude.  No, I must say this can only happen if at least one of the major four have made it through.  There's no act or event in existence that can rival the passion Philly has for their sports teams.  Not even Bono on a parade float, rolling down Broad Street, and wanking off with a microphone can illicit the same response as a championship.  So then, Murph's serves as a sports oasis in the gentrified corridor of Frankford ave at Girard.
The beer list is smaller than its adversary across the street, but it is more reasonably priced and much more interesting.  Two trips yielded two incredible IPAs, Titan from Great Divide and Bengali Tiger from Sixpoint.  Murph's has $2 PBR on all the time, which strikes me as ass-backwards, judging from the clientele that visits either place.  Add that a no-frills bar menu, the right sort of menu for watching a man out-muscle another man.
You could pay to see someone, who maybe looks like Bono, wank off with a microphone and pretend to care.  I, on the other hand, would rather watch a man's face get smashed in, pay less to see it, and be among people who do actually care.I love Murph's. It is a nice, quiet place to get fresh and delicious Italian food. The specials are so hard to choose from because they all sounds amazing. I suggest going with a large group so that you can sample everyone's meal. Tonight I had a sweet potato gnocchi and wanted to strangle the incredibly sweet chef just because I could not stop eating. That did not stop me, however, from trying some gelato dusted in coco powder. The back patio is a great place to eat during good weather, especially with some decent beer on tap.I've heard about this place through the grapevine and it definitely did not disappoint. The bar is your typical small Fishtown Bar but the menu is what sets this place apart. I would give this place 5 stars had it not been cash only and limited seating. There is a rotating specials menu, last time I went I had the Pork Shank Spaghetti and it was delicious! The portion was very large and most people ended up taking a takeout box home with them. Although in a small Fishtown Bar the price was a little on the higher end, not super cheap but then again not Davio's type pricing either. They also ran out of meatballs that day. All in all this place is a hidden gem and I will 100% be going back to try the other dinner options.Awesome food! Their Sandwiches are amazing. From the veggie sandwich to the thanksgiving sandwich to their specials like the cubano. All amazing. Also great architecture done by a local named Pat. Friendly bartenders and staff. An all around great place to check out.Stopped by to get some appetizers before a show at the Fillmore.  Unfortunately there were a few appetizers that were taped over. When placing our order we found out they were also out of fries.  So the appetizer options were a bit disappointing but the waitress was friendly and helpful.This place is a hidden gem in all ways... from the decor, to the staff, to the drinks... and yessss and irish pub who serves some of the best Italian food I have had in the city. Not only is it tasty the portions are def on the Italian side and priced incredibly fair. A True Unicorn!!!!I couldn't believe this place! I went here instead of Johnny Brenda's across the street because it was so crowded. Murph's totally blew me away with its food. It's no ordinary barfood. The shrimp pizza was so delicious, the wings were great, and I had this poor man's purse thing that I'm craving right this second. And the prices were good too!Seriously my favorite go to bar. I feel perfect every time.
They got quizzo! FINALLY! It's the first Monday of every month now. I played the first one and we got 2nd place, which was a free case of beer from Philadelphia Brewing Company. Not too bad. The bartender won first place which happened to be a substantial amount of bar tab fare and she bought the whole bar drinks.
A comfortable place to be, indeed, Murph's!Small local bar, amazing food! When I was told we were going to an Irish bar for a Italian food I questioned it, but, fabulous old school and creative food. Don't be surprised when the chef comes to your table to see if you're happy. I had pumpkin ravioli with fig sauce. Amazing! I will absolutely come back again.Delicious who would have thought an Irish bar would have some of the best Italian food? I'm an our of towner and a local told me about this spot, glad I went. I got the spinach ravioli sooo good!If this place's food wasn't good enough, you should see the large Italian man in the back pumping out sauce by the pint. I'll gladly take his manicotti, Barb! 5/5Let me tell you. Murph's just became my new favorite Philly eatery. Hands down, the best ITALIAN food I've had since I moved here.
You heard that right. Italian food at a hole-in-the-wall Irish Pub. Don't be fooled, your taste buds will thank you. 
I came here with a group of girlfriends. We called ahead, and they advised us to get there early, around 5pm, for dinner. This is the downside of Murph's. It's small, and there's maybe one table in the whole place that can seat more than 4 people comfortably. 
Since our group had 7 people, our waitress informed us that we'd be served family style - double the portion, double the price - so everyone could have a taste. That didn't stop us from going hog. We ordered the Black Truffle Tagliolini, Cheese and Spinach Ravioli, Pear and Honey Fiocchi, and Stuffed Gnocchi, with Fried Buratta and Arancini for our starters. 
Oh. My. God. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. It was so, so, so out of this world. I can't even describe to you how delicious every single item tasted. The flavors and smells of the Black Truffle, the creamy sweet and savory combination of the pear and honey Fiocchi, the enormity of the Arancini balls and Fried Buratta. I mean, there was not a single thing we ordered that I would not order again. Let me tell you, too. Now that I know the amazing variety and flavor available, the family style is the WAY to go! It was the perfect amount of food for the 7 of us, and I loved being able to try a bunch of different items. We had only a little bit of food leftover; I was pretty impressed with how much we managed to eat. I would be hard pressed to pick the dish I liked best. 
Murph's is good for more than a drink and a laugh - The food is outrageous.I do love my Murph's. Nice cheap bevvies and great bartenders. There's also a very nice mix of people, and everyone there is friendly. I love my crazy places in Fishtown but this is honestly just a great place to hang out and grab a few beers. 
As I said, the bartenders are great. One night a friend and I decided to get a little nutty and each did about three [or four..ooor maybe five] shots with a couple beers thrown in and our tab came to about $32 bucks. Hell yes. Count me in, all the time. They've got a lovely little outdoor patio which is nice for warm weather. They also occasionally have bands [I've only seen two, one was pretty bad and the other was actually really good. Or maybe I was just really drunk...] 
I wouldn't say that this is the place you come to rage it hard..This is just your run of the mill great friendly low-key bar that can sometimes get a little crazy when you least expect it. 
Check it out!This was an awesome find. From out of town and had a craving for Italian. Was not disappointed. The cheesesteak arancini were delish. Great service, great food, and great timeI liked this place a lot, especially when i was living in the neighborhood. Nothing special, just a great bar.The food is beyond tasty. I am not a big Italian food person and all I can say is the food is absolutely delicious. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is great. It is a small place so either go early if you have little ones or order for take out.Irish Bar, Italian food? We had to try! We had the lobster ravioli and a couple of appetizers. The gravy was really good.  The service was excellent! Definitely will be going back.Murph's has turned over a new leaf. They remodeled the divey dining room, and added a cute little outdoor dining area with picnic tables in the back yard. 
Now let's talk about the food, because they rebooted the kitchen, too. They have a new Italian chef, Francesco. (He used to cook at Modo Mio.) Wonderful, fresh, Italian food, with pasta made from scratch. We split the calamari for an appetizer, and I had cavatelli with meatballs for the entree. Everything was SO good, including the cannoli. (And cheap -- dinner for two with drinks for $50!) I'm torn between sharing and keeping this new dinner option to myself, but I'm opting for good karma.nice little unique spot to grab a beer or two... Service was good and prices weren't badI was looking forward to coming here after hearing how great the Italian food was. Fortunately, it was an amazing experience. The best costumer service I've had in my life. The wait on a weekend nite, at a hot place was  as expected but the hostess was pleasant and kind. Turns out she was the owner, and easy on the eyes. The customers were all enjoying themselves a d happy to be there. Fellow customers complimented the look of my meal and people were comfortable joking and chit chatting with each other. There's so many great Italian places in the city, but this Irish bar is one of the best!.I would not think to come to a bar named Murphs for Italian food but let me tell you - it's as authentic as it comes. As an Italian who grew up eating grandmas homemade raviolis I can be very picky about my Italian food. I rarely eat it because it's disappointing more often than not. Murphs though... I can't say enough good things. We ordered a veal dish and the lobster ravioli. The veal was out of this world. The lobster ravioli was very good. The food was rich so we stopped there but I can't wait to go back and try more. Added bonus: the men in the bar screaming at the tv over a USA v Japan curling match. Great fun.I grew up about two blocks from Murph's.  In the mid-90's, we used to go there after school when I was in high school, and pay with change.  We would use our school ID's that did not even have a birthdate on them when asked to show ID.  It was an old man bar, that would have 6 people at the bar on Thanksgiving morning. But about 6 years ago, they totally cleaned the place up.  
It has now become a great comfortable place to hang out.  If I am going to see a band play at Johnny Brenda's, I will drink at Murph's until the band I want to see goes on and then head back over once the band ends.  And there have been a few occasions when I just stayed at Murph's and watched the Phillies game.   It has a nice blend of people- Fishtowners, middle-aged men, somebody you have not seen in 7 years, young kids and probably a few members of a softball team.  Everybody seems to get a long.  Watch out if a band is playing, some of them are pretty bad and quite loud.  
The beer prices are incredibly cheap if you know what to order.  Go with the Ballantine, it is than $2 a bottle, and even cheaper when the Phillies are playing.    They always have a great selection of locals on draught.
And if you get the food, it is your own fault.  C'mom, they have the giant deep fryer and toaster oven sitting right there.  What did you expect?  And they will usually let you bring in outside food if you ask nicely and are willing to share.Totally blown away by the menu. Food was great and the drink specials were stellar. And the bartender / waiter was terrific...will be back for happy hour.It doesn't even make sense how absolutely AMAZING the food is here. It is some of the BEST Italian food in Philly, by far. I always get the garganelli arrabiata and it is awesome. My husband loves the meatballs. Even the mini cannoli for dessert rule. Definitely check this place out when you are craving real Italian.Went to Murph's for my bachelor party,  nice little place and recently started some Italian food cooked by my cousin, who is from Italy,  and his food is really good.
Worth the trip.Murph's is cool cant really complain. Its low key never outragiously packed just the right amount for me. Definitely a good spot for a mid week drink with a few friends. Outside patio is usually my spot. Yeah just a nice average normal bar.Everything you'd ever want in one place: Fun bar, excellent Italian. I've been to plenty of Italian places in the city, and this is one of my favorites. The prices are great for the quality.stopped in here last wed. afternoon during my mid-week bar crawl in fishtown and really had a great time....this place is a upscale- semi-dive bar with charm.....the bar is made or I should say toped with hundreds of pennies and polyurathaned over....really cool....had a couple of cold  beers and chatted with young barmaid and owner....didn't eat here but they do have a nice menu....I was on a mission that day so when I get back into fishtown I will def. go back and have some lunchI read the mixed reviews on Yelp before going but figured I would give it a try anyway because Ive been looking for another bar in the neighborhood.  Its a cozy place - bar in the front, some seating in the back, and the staff is always great.  Decent beer selection and really good food both at great prices - love their pizza.  I definitely see myself there more often this year.  Also they have brunch - I havent tried it but if its anything like the other food on the menu, its bound to be good.Stop reading reviews and go eat at Murph's. 
Still here? Well, I guess I'll give you my two cents, then. I don't know how anyone can give this place anything but 5 stars. Murph's is one of a kind, and it does what it does perfectly. It's a relaxed neighborhood bar, staffed by neighborhood people, and an authentic Italian chef who creates some of the best Italian food on the planet. Trust me, I've eaten so much Italian food. It's a problem, actually.
You won't find a better meal, at a better price in the city. I have read a few of the negative reviews, and I just can't get with them. Customer service issues? Never in my million, bazillion visits to Murph's have I experienced bad service. They get super busy in there, sure. It can be loud sometimes, sure. It's a flippin' neighborhood bar, not the GD Ritz! If the soup Nazi was running this place, if I had to wash my own dishes after, if I had to catch my food mid-air with my mouth, I would still be eating at this Murph's! (A side note about people who have ONE bad experience and feel the need to write a negative review for a business - someone's life work, the result of their dream, blood, sweat, and tears - all because it wasn't what you expected. Seek help.)
Furthermore, about Murph's, get the pear and cheese fiocchi if it's still on the revolving menu. My boyfriend and I usually split it as an appetizer (it's an entree), and then get two other pasta dishes for our meal, so we can consume as many dishes as possible in one sitting. It's all made fresh, it's all perfectly balanced, portions are just right and the prices cannot be beat. So far, after every meal we have been treated to a delicious limoncello, homemade by the chef's wife. It's outstanding, and just a nice touch, adding to the, "You're home. You belong here," feeling of the place.
I'm going to leave it at that for now, because I'm getting way too hungry writing this. it's a good thing I have plans to have dinner at Murph's tomorrow night.The bar is covered with laquered pennies... as in COMPLETELY covered... and my orange vodka and sprite was $3.00. What took me so long to find this place?!Someone who hails from Philly told me to visit Beddia for great pizza when I headed up from a business trip to DC. But when my friend and I got there on a Friday afternoon, it still had three hours 'til it opened. We were scratching our heads about where to dine (she lives in a suburb and isn't familiar w the eateries there and I live in Calif), a nice local guy asked if we needed help. When we told him we were in the mood for Italian, he pointed us across the street and a little down to Murph's bar.
"Wha?" I thought (aloud, I think...)
"They've got a great Italian chef there. His name is Francesco. You'll love the food. If you go, tell him Kevin says hi."
So we walked over, still wondering how an Irish pub comes to have an Italian chef, and enter what by all appearances is indeed an Irish pub, with dark walls, and happy customers drinking brew and watching the ballgame. We asked if the bartender if they really have Italian food, and she confirmed this, so we went to the small back dining room, which looked like a better place to eat an Italian meal than bellying up to the bar. Within a couple of minutes, who should greet us with a beaming smile but Francesco himself. He was warm, gracious, and fun as we spoke with him about Kevin, our trip, and the menu, and I attempted to speak Italian. My friend got a special -- lobster ravioli with other shellfish and thingies I can't eat bc I'm allergic; he threw in some shrimp for good measure -- and I got chicken parmesan. 
We ordered wine and when the food came we were both blown away by how fantastic it was and mostly by the homemade pasta! Mine was delectable orrechiette ("little ears") and my friend's ravioli pasta was also homemade. She said her seafood was also delectable. Yum yum yum!! 
What a find this place is! A hidden gem. Next time I'm in Philly I'll be back. Hats off to Francesco, and a big thank-you to Kevin for helping make my reunion with my friend even that much more memorable. Grazie tutti!All the other reviews are true - I ate the best ever Italian food in an Irish dive bar and I loved it!!  There is an Italian chef creating the most delicious pasta dishes, desserts, and serving his own limoncello (which was the most amazing limoncello I've ever had).  Went here with my girlfriends for dinner and we all fell in love with this place.   The gnocchi, lobster ravioli, bolognese, burrata - all delicious.  The desserts were all spectacular.   The lemon mascarpone cheesecake was to die for, but so were all the other desserts.  Their drink special with creme de cassis was delicious.  The espresso was perfect.  The service was friendly and efficient.  I love love loved everything about this place - it's a hidden gem that is completely unpretentious in its ways.Never had it other than brunch but the brunch is AMAZING. My girlfriend and I were there one of the first times they had it and had amazing food and I thoroughly enjoyed the Beermosas (Blue Moon & OJ). Now that we live in the area, we may have to go some more.I cannot believe what I just ate. The interior doesn't suggest Italian restaurant but this is easily the best Italian food I've ever eaten. I had the Lobster Ravioli and my girlfriend had the Pear Gnocchi. Out of this world. We got lucky and sat at the bar but it can be a bit of a wait in this small place. Absolutely worth it. I can't recommend it enough. Lovely staff and the chef is an artist.
Come here, come often, come soon.I've never brought someone here who hasn't become a repeat customer. The food is extremely fresh because it's hand made, and what's not is imported straight from Italy. Francesco's talent for cooking is equivalent to his passion for feeding people and providing extremely high quality food at a price that will make you reevaluate this genre of food. A breath of fresh air in a food scene where you would pay close to triple the price for Italian food of this quality.Murph's is one of my favorite bars in Fishtown. Just know going into it, you are going to see people from all walks of life: the elderly, the totally hip, drunks, the folks who have lived in the neighborhood for decades... really- it's a smorgasbord of Philadelphians. That said, I love it.
The bartenders are awesome. I think I wind up getting at least one free drink everytime I go in. Drinks are relatively cheap and they always have a kickass selection of beer. The juke box has every song you can imagine on it (and you can use the phone app to choose songs). You can normally find a seat by the bar, but it does get crowded late night and during happy hour sometimes. If you're a smoker, they have a little patio out back you can hang out on.
I do try to avoid the place when they have a band playing, but that's just me. I don't like having to yell at the person next to me to have a conversation. Also, the women's room is kinda grody, but whatever. I've seen much, much worse.
As for something that surprised me: the food! The food is awesome. They have this pork sandwich on their menu that is so good. It comes with pork, provolone (I think), spinach, and roasted peppers. Holy crap, it's delicious. I ordered it on a (drunken) whim and I am so happy I did. The pizzas are meh, but I think that's kind of expected.
Anyway, go to Murph's and check it out for yourself.We stumbled on Murph's bar by accident. In town for a conference. We had the best night! The combination of Irish bar and THE MOST AMAZING Italian food was perfect. Francesco really looked after us, and we ate like kings. The highlight of my trip to Philly. Thank you.I never thought I would enjoy such great pasta at this bar..it was delicious. The place was extremely busy and there was only 1 waitress at the time, but she was very apologetic and  offered free dessert. Highly recommended.awesome little neighborhood bar.  FIshtown's premier local spot.  not all of the bells and whistles of the trendier places in the area which is fine by me.  a nice mix of regulars, hipsters, and regular folks.  the food is above average as well.  annoyingly large selection of beers but i guess that's a good thing.If I lived in Philly, Murph's would have a new regular. I like the idea of 'come as you are' with a dive bar feel that still has a sense of caring what the bar looks. In other words, it's not high class here, but it's not a total dump either. My first visit was a month or so ago since I originally went for drinks at Murph's, but I still remember enjoying my time here. I was with a large group and it was a great hideaway from the crowds. The music was fun, drinks were good and there wasn't the high maintenance attitude that you might find elsewhere on a weekend night.My husband and I have dinner at Murph's once a week. That's right - every single week. Italian food in an Irish dive bar. Yes, it's as bizarre as it sounds - but that atmosphere adds to the magic. It's the furthest thing from pretentious. The staff is welcoming and super friendly, the room is cozy, Chef Francesco is charming and of course the food is amazing. There's nowhere else we would rather come to wind down after a long hard work week. The cuisine is home style Italian. Everything is fresh and all ingredients used are high quality. The dishes are creative and flavorful without going over the top. I've eaten some of the best cheeses I've had in my life at Murph's. The portions are very generous and seriously- you can't beat the price. Is the food on the heavy side? Of course, it's Italian! If you don't like pasta and cheese, this may not be the right place for you....but in that case you probably shouldn't be in an Italian restaurant at all. And really, who doesn't like pasta and cheese anyway? If you're looking for a quirky but chill spot to have an amazing meal at a very reasonable price - I highly recommend you give Murph's a try.UPDATE: We went back last Wednesday and I think the food was even better than last time, if that's possible. We got two specials. Mine was a pear and parmigiana stuffed fiocchi in a honey glaze. Oh. My. God. It was to die for. Definitely sweet and tasted almost like a dessert, and I loved it. Ate every bite. He got the veal tortellacci with truffle oil and walnuts over cappcollo, which was also delicious. He nearly licked the plate. The portions are huge and you're definitely indulging, but it's totally worth every last calorie. We hung out with Francesco again. We learned he actually cooked at Monsu, Modo Mio's sister restaurant. He explained his love for making pasta and making it interesting enough that you can have only one item on the plate and not get bored with it. He doesn't want the place to get too popular and he wants to keep the prices reasonable. He loves to talk to his customers and watching you clean your plate. He also gave us complimentary homemade limoncello. The guy is awesome. The food is top notch. Can't wait to go back.Had the stuff gnocchi special... amazing! This place is great. We were told the chef just came back from Italy with the freshest ingredients. Love the atmosphere and the food. Don't tell anyone this place is good, I would hate to have to wait for a table.Discovered this place by chance and was blown away by Francessco's food. It's real deal Italian in an Irish pub.  Prices are very, very fair.  They were also extremely nice. Buon Gusto!Murph's pasta was really the highlight of the evening!  Nothing quite like it!  Definitely will be frequenting this spot on a regular basis.  One suggestion: make a reservation!Just a heads up to anyone who's lactose intolerant: anything that involves the word cream or a kind of cheese means there's milk in it. Ice cream? It's got milk in it. Parmesan sauce has Parmesan cheese in it which is made with milk. Chefs then add more milk to said cheese to make the sauce for your dish. 
Also, if you like your eggplant parm crunchy, please keep in mind that some Italian chefs don't bread the eggplant like American-Italian joints have conditioned you to believe. "But that's how it was at Olive Garden!" Then, you shoulda gone to Olive Garden, kid. 
If the above two items were obvious to you, my fellow Yelper, then please forgive the delay in my praise for Murph's.
Francesco not only makes amazing food but the few times I've gone, he has always come out and talked to his patrons to see if they were happy with their food. He's a lovely person and a stellar chef.
The fresh baked sesame seed crusted bread usually comes out with olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and black pepper for you to make your own dipping oil. If they forget to bring it to you, just ask your server for it. They're people - we all forget things sometimes.
I have yet to order anything besides the Lobster Ravioli with Shrimp in what I call Bisque Sauce because if they served it in a bowl I could devour just that! It tastes SO much like lobster bisque, so bravo on your sauce game, Francesco! Also, I'm fairly certain the shrimp are grilled as they're perfectly plump and bursting with flavor every time I order it. The raviolis are made from scratch and the chunks of lobster inside are delicious. I just finished a plate and would love another one!
Service has always been pretty consistent there whether or not it's busy: servers are attentive and patient. Just remember that it's a local dive with an outta this world chef so you can't really complain about a lack of a beer selection while you have Bottle Bar East and Johnny Brenda's 600 feet away. Come for the food!
Thank you Francesco for gracing Philadelphia with your presence  stay awesome!!!One of the best Italian meals I've ever had, and the chef came out to my table to talk about food like we were old buds. Hands down a favorite of mine, can't wait to go back next time I'm in town.Can't speak more highly of chef Francesco and the affordable Italian grub he creates! Gnocchi is a must.I want to give this place 5 stars for both the quality of food and the concept.  An old Irish dive bar that serves bomb Italian food. I came here on Saturday night for dinner at around 7:45 and we were able to get a table in the bar area right away.  It's a really small place and very much a dive bar - dark and a little dingy (but has character), and cash only. No website or posted menu online. The bartender came right up to greet us and he was super friendly and helpful.  He gave us a lot of recommendations which all turned out to be phenomenal.  
For the appetizer, he recommended we try the fried burrata, but unfortunately, when he went to put in the order they were out.  I was very disappointed so I definitely have to come back to try it!  Instead, we got the fried mozzarella.  Also very delicious.  The cheese was incredibly fresh.  For my entree, I tried the veal tortellacci with walnuts and truffle oil over capocollo.  Wow wow wow.  This was awesome.  My only complaint was that I wanted more!  It was so creamy and delicious.  I've never tasted anything like it and I'm glad I took the risk.  For the dessert, we got the two mini cannolis.  These were also delicious - very sweet and rich.  
The the quality of food and price ($5 beer, $14 main entree, etc) you really can't go wrong here.  If you're looking for a casual night out with high quality food, I highly recommend.  Can't get much better.  Can't wait to come back!!Amazing Italian food. Good selection of bottles and cans. Pretty laid back. Staff is friendly and helpful. Screens in here if you want to watch a game, not everywhere if you don't.Great food. Ambiance doesn't match the food, but that will only matter to some people.Small little Irish pub on girard in fishtown. We had Murphs pasta and the carbonara. Both were soooo good. Definitely go if you love good pasta.This reminds me of the "dive bars" in California. People refer to them as dives, but they're not. This is like that. Anywhere I pay $5 for a beer is not a dive. Also, it's actually pretty decent inside. I really like the pennies on the bar top. It's a unique touch.
On the night that we went, there was a band playing (they were just ok) but kudos to the bar for having live music. Also, I know this place is in Fishtown, but as the night went on it definitely became somewhat of a hispster overload.
I didn't eat anything here, but Hubby got a brisket sandwich. I tried a bite and it was just ok. Not terrible, but certainly not memorable either.
That pretty much sums up Murph's. Not terrible, but not memorable. I will say that the service was good and I never felt ignored by a bartender, so that alone might make me try Murph's again.Absolutely one of the best restaurants in philly, must go.  This is a true gem in Fishtown, awesome service, UNREAL food, great and very thoughtful menu with well-rounded selections for all palates.  Cannot recommend enough.  My new go-to date spot.  LOVE.There's no getting around it, this is the best Italian food I've had in the city.   There are so many standouts on the menu and I've honestly never ordered something I didn't enjoy.  
The meat and cheese plate app is a generous portion of burrata and a somewhat rotating assortment of whatever fresh Italian meats are on hand that day.   It's not to be missed.
I'm currently making my way through the dinner specials, but my favorites right now are the papardelli bolognese, the black truffle Parmesan cream tagliatelle , the gnocchi carbonara, and the lobster ravioli with shrimp.    All made from scratch every day.  All priced at about 16 bucks or below per entree.   This place is a not so hidden-hidden gem.
The wait staff is awesome.  Francesco the chef is an absolute artist and you'll often find him taking a quick lap around the bar and dining area to ensure his guests are enjoying their meals.
Remember, you have to pick 2 out of 3 on the wheel of "Good food, quick food, cheap food"  well this place you're going to get it good and cheap.  But you might wait a bit longer than normal spots simply because it's just Francesco down there, and he's working as quickly as he can.  Give him time and enjoy their totally acceptable draft list.    
Seriously, just go to this place.I've had dinner here a few times. Legit Irish bar with legit Italian food made by a legit Italian dude. Great little place.Really cool. Cheap drafts and such a comfy atmosphere. The clam/bacon pizza is something really special here. You kinda feel like this is home away from home. The crowd is diverse, and there's plenty of TV's. The jukebox is always turned up loud, which is awesome. Kevin is a really nice bartender.The service was okay but the LOBSTER RAVIOLI IS TO DIE FOR!!!  We also ordered the fried mozzarella as an appetizer which was also delicious.Murphs is that rarest of beasts in Fishtown.  A middle-of-the-road joint.  They have a halfway decent menu; the sandwiches and wings are good, but skip the fries.  Their beer list is good, although they sometimes run out of some of the bottles (more on this later).  It's a great place to watch the Phils, Flyers, etc.  Lots of screaming and high-fives after a goal/TD/run.  The jukebox simply sucks, and people like to avail themselves of it at an unfortunate rate.  The decor and the painting on the ceiling is interesting, too.
Service, I've found, is friendly, but mediocre.  The 'tenders like to chat up their regulars, and even the new people, but sometimes the chatting leads to forgetting to fill the empty glasses.  I suppose it happens and I've been plenty of places where I've waited just as long only to have a jerk come over to fill my pint, so I guess it is above average.  Sometimes the staff does lack some beer knowledge, or really even a knowledge of their own stock.  I had to direct the bartender to the bottle I wanted by describing the label on two occasions.  I do have to say that they're extremely welcoming there, and that includes both the customers and the staff.
Cleaner than Les & Doreen's and cheaper and more real than Johnny Brenda's; It's a great place to kick back and have a few beers and wings and maybe watch a game.My friends and I have been going to Murph's for years as a bar.  They have great atmosphere and it's pretty low key.  Recently they got a new chef and the food is amazing.  I am in awe the quality of food we got and the prices were more than reasonable.  The chef cares so much about each plate and wants each customer to be happy.  I would recommend Murphs for a great meal for a great price and personalized service!Great spot for cheap drinks and local bands!  Check it out Philly!Seriously probably one of my favorite spots in the area. Northern Liberties / Fishtown, right on Girard ... cool and comfortable bar, it's a bar. But, with crazy good little Italian dishes! That are delicious! I am Italian and this food was awesome. Great to go grab a casual drinks and good eats!The drinks were cheap, which is always awesome.  They had a pretty decent selection of beers in bottles and 4 or 5 on tap.  Only one of the beers on tap was rubbish, Budweiser or something.  The staff was friendly and quick.  It has a laid-back local bar atmosphere.  The bar covered in pennies is a nice touch.
It smelled kind of funny though because of the deep-frying machine they have at the bar.  I only had fries as far as food goes.  They were sub-par, even for bar food.  I was not a fan of the animal heads on the wall.Yup. It's good. And weird. Which is also good. 
It seems like your average Philadelphia dive bar. And then you see the menu: truffles everywhere, homemade pasta, veal, lobster ravioli. 
The food is great, the atmosphere is low-key and the prices are reasonable.  I would recommend anything involving truffle and the bruchetta. Can't wait to go back.Finally tried Murph's last night and while I will say it is more of a "bar" than the pictures on here make it seem, we definitely did not mind and in fact kind of loved the neighborhood bar vibe in an otherwise young and trendy neighborhood. Seating is limited (a couple 2-seat high tops opposite the bar, and a couple 4-seat low tops in the back) but once the food hits, you won't care where you're sitting. We got the fried burrata, the bolognese and the carbonara, and all three were incredibly good. We decided to get dessert based on the quality of everything else we had tried, and the tiramisu was in the same class of deliciousness as the rest. Couple heads ups... they only take card for drinks - if you order food it is cash only - though they do have an ATM in house ($2.50 fee). Also, happy hour runs 4:30-6:30 M-F. We just missed it, but they have great deals on drinks during that time. All in all, highly recommend! We will be back!Murph's is your local neighborhood bar in the heart of Fishtown.  They have Quizzo which is fun.  My friends and I got an award for the best team name and won a round of free drinks (which is always nice).
The atmosphere is great for watching sports especially any of the Philly sports teams.  It is a nice alternative to Johnny Brenda's across the street.  Check it out next time your in Fishtown.  It is also conviently located near the Girard Station on the Market-Frankford Line.It's Friday night and we were looking for good dinner. Checked all our usual Fishtowns places and wanted something new! So walked by the Murphs and saw specials, walked in, looked at the menu and decided to think about outside. Then the couple walked out and started to tell us how food is good! They told us don't pay attention that it's Irish pub just tried Francesco's food! So we walked back and met Francesco, ordered it and of course we didn't regret! Awesome cheese plate for unbelievable affordable price; stuffed eggplant, beef braciola were just perfect! So must try it! Service is friendly and nice!Cant beat the prices on a decent beer selection here. Living in a hipster hood one can get tired of pbr specials everywhere u go. Although the menu is limited the food is actually good here. And the bartenders are always nice. No complaints over here .  Murphs is definitley my  fav neighborhood watering hole.Great drinks and excellent food! It's kind of a cheers vibe, definitely regulars come here. The food is so good, I must stress that again. BUT, if you're in a rush, I wouldn't suggest coming here. The service is a little slow, especially on busy nights.So let me just say the food is amazing. I have had the veal tortalacci and the smoked motz. I would die a happy (fat) person if I could eat Murphs food every night. They don't put a lot of focus on service.They had 2 servers and a full house so about 30-40 customers. Understandably, once we got our dinner we didn't see our server for a while. Had to ration our drinks because we knew we she wouldn't be back for a while. It was a friday night you would think they would prepare for a busy night.  It's clear to see that it is primarily a bar. It seemed like they only had  2 menus in the whole place. I wanted to order dessert but I didn't feel like waiting another 20 minutes for a cannoli. Our server was very nice she just was busy. I would just advise murphs to properly staff for a friday night rush.  It makes NOOOO sense that if you are ordering food it is cash only however if you just go in for drinks you can pay with a card. Even though the service sucked Ill still be back because of the food. Just something I am not ready to live without.We went there tonight for the first time. I hear great things... But when we got there a little after eight for dinner they said they were going to be out of food by time we sit down. We had to walk right out of the bar. Hopefully we will try again.... I'm just confused as to how a restaurant turns you away bc they ran out of food at 8pm on a Saturday.Where everybody knows your name......and you never remember you came. The regulars are like clock work around here, but all good nice people and an amazing lack of hipsters. Good food, good beer selection happy hour from 4:30-6:30 bands on the weekends, out back patio.Finally made it here for Sunday Dinner.  Handmade Pasta Melted in my Mouth (Lobster stuffed Ravioli w/ Shrimp).  Lemon Mascarpone Cheesecake for Dessert was the icing on the cake along w/ shot of Lemoncello...Looking forward to my return and trying something else on the Menu.Company and food was amazing.  We ordered " 90% of the menu". Bartender made an awesome old fashion!!!wow - not sure what took me so long to get here either!  great comfy little bar, cheap drinks, cute little cozy place.  the penny bar is pretty!  hot as hell in there and awkward setup to see bands and let patrons use the restroom (i found myself constantly scootching over and holding the door open for the gentlemen)  :)
i got way more wasted than usual, which is an earmark of me having a really great time.  i dug the bar and really dug the band, so drank faster and stayed longer than usual.  yay for friends taking care of me and next-day hangovers!!  :)  thanks murph's.This was the best Italian I've had in as long as I came remember.  The irony being it's an Irish pub.  This is the most fishtown thing ever and I can't get enough! 
Great service.  Nice crowd of people.This is my favorite place to get Italian food hands down. The vibe is a legit Irish Bar so don't bring a first date here unless they can appreciate some bomb burrata and ravioli. It's been getting busier which is great for the business, but now I actually have to think about how crowded it might be in certain nights.Went on a recommendation. So glad I did. Appetizers are amazing. Caprese - dynamite. Black truffle pasta - dynamite. Pasta with pear in it - dynamite. Service - dynamite! Don't forget, cash only! Well worth carrying cash with me! Oh, and if you walk in and think you must be in the wrong establishment because it's sort of dive bar(ish)... you're definitely in the right place.Some of the best Italian food in Philly and definitely for the most reasonably priced. Francesco, the chef, is absolutely wonderful. The lobster ravioli are to die for, as in the gnocchi. And basically everything on the menu. They take reservations for large groups for the big table and will let you do family style which makes it easy and you get to try lots of things!A divey Irish bar that serves debatably Phillys best Italian food - I didn't believe it. 
The food is incredible. None of the servers agree on what the best dish is so we tried them all. It was a wise choice. Nothing is bad. Actually nothing is good. It's all incredible. Enjoy, you won't be let down. Thank you, Murphs. We will be back often.Murph's Pub is the best of both worlds - Irish pub & Italian food. Love the old school charm and realness of this place. The prices are fair and the dishes are outstanding - I highly recommend the Pear & Cheese Fiocchi (best dish in the city, in my opinion). Francesco the chief is absolutely incredible and once out of the kindness of his heart made me the fiocchi dish after the kitchen was closed. The sign on the front of bar says "Murph's a comfortable place to be" and I could not agree more.People in previous reviews mentioned that there is too much hype around Murph's - the hype is because you can't find a place like this anywhere in Philly! At typical Philly Italian restaurants they only have $25+ plates and a wine list with no glass under $12.  Murph's has it's own thing going on and you have to appreciate it for what it is.  
The food comes in large portions and every single pasta dish that we have had is FRESH and DELICIOUS.  The gnocchi - amazing...The tagliatelle bolognese - amazing... Murph's pasta - amazing! We went to Murph's during the weekday and we lucked out for Happy Hour.  We walked out with a $42.00 tab which included 2 main dishes, 2 beers and 1 glass of wine.
What I loved the most you ask?? Right after we ordered, the chef came to the table and asked how spicy we liked our food.  He wanted to know to ensure we had the best experience.  After we were served, he came personally to our table to ask how it was.  And at the end?? He came to the table with two shots of Limoncello.  Does he do that all of the time? Probably not but that personal touch was enough to keep us coming back!
Trust me - Part of me didn't want to write this review because I don't want anyone to find this spot - I want to keep it to ourselves!I've got to give an update...A new record in the many bar tabs I have paid...
The other night my roommate and I decided to walk to Murph's for a "couple" beers.
We got Fred, who is a very attentive and friendly bartender. I got two PBR's and about five Washington Apple shots [which on average at other bars cost $5-$7].
My check, I kid you not, NINE DOLLARS. I was like, excuse me? I LOVE YOU.
So yes. Five stars. You earned it.Not good, GREAT! This place is very unassuming  you'd never think a bar would have such delicious food. The server was very friendly and the portions were very big. I will definitely be back and will recommend to all my friends.Impromptu date night, ended up at Murph's for dinner and drinks. Waited about 30 minutes for a seat which is fine, Friday night it's busy I get it. Finally got a seat at the bar, ordered a PBR and a Frascatii to start, for dinner we had gnocchi with shrimp and bacon and he got tagliatelle Bolognese. Got my order within 45 minutes but somehow two plates came out, I received mine but his went somewhere else. He waited in total one hour and 20 minutes for his food. When asked about his food the bartender nonchalantly said it's really backed up in the kitchen. The food was great, the atmosphere was awesome but the service is UNACCEPTABLE. No one should watch their partner finish their dinner and wait an additional half an hour for their food to come out. The bartender then tells us that she would comp our meal that we waited a ridiculous amount of time for, but when the check came we paid full price... Please, fix this. I hate writing bad reviews but this is just absolutely ridiculous. The bartender/waitress can't play the blame game, you guys are all part of ONE establishment.Delicious every time! So fresh! They accommodated 7 of us and we ate family style at a great price!The best Italian food I ever had, in an Irish Bar or anywhere else (yes, it's an Italian bar)! I had a thick filet in a Parmesan sauce.This place has incredible Italian food. A hole in the wall dive bar has the best Italian food in northern liberties, hands down. Don't judge a book by its cover.I have nothing but praises about this bar. Great italian cuisine, laid back, and relaxing to enjoy good company, good food, and good games/drinks. The lobster ravoli was by far one of the best I've had; gravy sauce was less heavy than most yet creamy and rich. Not too much sodium or overwhelming, a just right balance for the fresh seafood lobster. Generous portion and filling. Will be back!
Oh but FYI, cash only! Made that mistake and we were limited to the amount of dishes we could try -- otherwise, we could've ordered the whole menuI've been trying to get here for a couple years and it finally happened. We had the meat and cheese appetizer as well as the caprese plate. Both were outstanding and their burata mozzarella was out of this world. Dinner was Seafood Manicotti and the braciolle pasta. Dessert we had chocolate souffl and the limoncello flute. I will definitely be back again soon with our daughter.Amazing dinner at Murphs. The fried burrata special and lobster ravioli were absolutely delicious. We will be back again!Low-key amazing Italian food spot that you'd never expect (it is called Murph's after all).  The fried baratta and mozzarella are both full of flavor and the pasta tasted like it was literally just made from scratch moments before my order.  On top of the great fit, the service was off-the-charts good.  The wait staff, chef, and bar staff all genuinely care about the customers' collective experience and it shows with how the treat their customers.  I highly recommend this spot.Simply amazing. The food is the best you will ever put in your mouth hands down. The best Italian food idc what anyone says. The bar is also great simple great alcohol selection great vibes great employees I just love murphs so muchExtremely rude owner. Walked up and asked for a table and was told flat out NO! By the owner. Then talked to hostess which told us to come back in a half hour which we did and the OWNER told us it would be another hour and a half wait. Im sure if the very rude owner wasn't working maybe we would of been able to sit down and enjoy our meal. The owner needs to realize she can't be disrespectful to paying customers!Food is good, not great.  Philly has lots of excellent Italian restaurants and there's many better options in this city.  Considering it's an Irish dive bar, it's better than expected Italian food.  Prices are good and it's a solid value for what you get.  Service is friendly but very slow.  The place is a bar with a few tables in the back so don't expect a fancy, nice restaurant.A good counterpoint to the hipster overload that is Johnny Brenda's, and to the horrorshow of locals that is Anthony's down the block. Saw the phillies playoffs here, and was pleasantly surprised by the nice mix of locals (friendly when drunk) and more tolerable hipster-types...including a back room that seems to have been taken over by the philly sketch comedy community. And the food is way better than I'd have expected from a "local" bar...and the $2 pints of draft PBR can't be beat. A great place to congregate to watch "the game" with local flavor to boot.I ordered the lobster ravioli with shrimp and it was delicious. I could tell with the first bite that the pasta is freshly made in house. The bread is fresh and seemed as though it had been baked that morning. The calamari was good, but the sauce was bland.
I ordered a dry Italian white wine that was fantastic, I forgot the name of it but will update when I find out. I'm also impressed with their selection of cider! They serve Magner's, Woodchuck and Crispin. As you can see, I'm a fan of wines and ciders.
I had the pleasure of briefly meeting Francesco, the chef, as he comes out to ask patrons if they are enjoying their meal. I was able to practice my intermediate level Italian language speaking skills with him.
The dessert selection looks wonderful but I had no room in any of my vast collection of bellies to accommodate such excellence. Next time I'll skip the appetizer to leave room for dessert.Francesco, operating inside of the unassuming Murph's bar, makes some seriously amazing Italian food. Handmade pasta with fresh ingredients, and great service from Francesco himself. We had prosciutto and chicken ravioli in red wine sauce, as well as gnocchi with shrimp and bacon in a mild cream sauce. Incredibly affordable at $10-14 per entree. I'll be back for sure.Love the place, but they never answer the phone and all that and the kitchen hours are inconsistent. So I've travelled there only to find the kitchen closed on sever occasions. Really like the place other than not answering the phone and the inconsistent kitchen hours... fix one or the other.The food is unbelievable! We've lived in NYC and now Philly and have been to many Italian restaurants - this is by far the best and most authentic. The service was great - very friendly and helpful. We will be back again and again!Great Bar, good vibes 
Food, I'll be honest here. Please change the oil, I tasted meat in my fried mozzarella. 
Has the beef something, not as good as I thought it would be.
This place is a great spot for a cheap date and good vibe. The cash only factor is a bit of a turn off as it's a shame we are living in a digital world, cash only works for places that are not established or places that can boast quality.... 
I'll leave 3, 
1 for good vibe 
2 for decent enough food 
3 area and food came out fast enough 
Lost 2 
1 - cash only, took another 8 mins before someone looked my way 
2 - food was not all it hyped out to be. 
Overall this place is definitely good enough for a date but definitely not worth the trip from the airport... 
On to the next..The food is amazing. It is worth the wait. Eat here!!!! Lisa is the true hero! She is a kind soul. The wait time is confusing, so stick around. You won't regret it. Also they have city wide.Great Food, awesome looking bar (penny art!)...get yourself a beer mosa (blue moon and OJ) its the best combination of deliciousness!I had been really looking forward to trying this place after hearing the hype. The pastas were amazing. However, I would recommend cream sauces. I was feeling like I wanted to try as much as humanly possible so I tried the veal tortellaci in an alfredo type sauce with walnuts and truffle oil and the papardelle bolognese in marinara. My friend got the Murph's pasta which was in a ros. I have to say, the marinara sauce was mediocre at best, but the pappardelle was excellent. So, I would strongly recommend steering away from anything that has a plain marinara. However, I would suggest trying the veal tortellaci and the Murph's pasta. Also, the arancini was an excellent starter. The service is no frills which is totally cool with me. All in all, it was a very good spot that I would definitely revisit. 
Important note: if you're going in to eat, it's cash only.Murph's falls on the more traditional end of the Fishtown spectrum. I wouldn't call it a dive bar, but rather a good representation of a neighborhood bar, though it is near the entertainment district of Frankford Ave. It's actually quite nice having it as an alternative to some of the other establishments in the area. No nonsense and local brews at a damn fair price. While few would ever consider Irish pub fare to be culinary masterpieces, the food is delightfully and surprisingly enjoyable and satisfying. The only way you could grab a drink with less pretense and in a more relaxing environment  is in your own living room. 
I'm writing this because they deserve it, however, I'm hesitant because I don't want this place to be ruined! So behave ;-)Fantastic food, funky, fun atmosphere.  Waitress was very friendly.  We really enjoyed our experience and cannot express how delicious everything was.  Looking forward to going back to trying different offerings.As a bar I'd give it a 4 star, for food 5 but the cross between makes it a solid 3.5(I rated down) we walked in and it was insanely packed on a friday at 7, go straight to the back they say 30 min wait for a table which was fine so we went to the bar. At first I waited about 5 mins no one took a drink order so I moved to the middle and my order was taken right away. 2 seats opened up so we sat there to drink 15 mins later they came over and said do you mind sitting here for dinner and honestly i didnt think it was a huge deal the place was crowded I was hungry fine....Then 20 mins later we had to ask for menus, never got water, had to ask for our food order to be taken, food came out separately, had to ask for another drink, had to ask for check at this point I wanted to dessert but wanted to get out of there more. The food was legit good but seems to small to be a popular bar and a restaurant and the servers are not very happy...at all! I am sad I wont have their food again because it was that good but it was a stressful dining experience maybe during the week is better.I've only been here once and I will Def be back! I came for apps and drinks with friends. I had a glass of Merlot and the caprese salad. The salad was incredible! The tomatoes were so juicy and fresh, basil was crisp, the glaze was drizzled on the salad and also was give to me on the side.. but the best was the mozzarella. It was chunky, gooey, homemade mozzarella, just amazing. My friends got wings and fried shrimp which they liked but I'm pretty sure they were jealous of my caprese.One time, like 5 years ago, I went on a date here, and it resulted in a very long and misguided relationship. I feel like Murph's is probably a spawning ground for such things.
The beers are cheap, and the food is terrible. We need places like this in the world, just like we need people who want to pump gas in NJ; we'd be stranded without them.I've been hearing such good things about Murph's food, so me and my two girlfriends had to test it out. I'm not kidding you when I say Best Italian food I've had in a really long time! Its very small so sometimes you could be waiting a little bit for a table, so sit at the bar and have a drink because it is absolutely worth waiting for. I will definitely be going back.MURPHS!  The Irish dive bar with the BEST Italian food in all of the lands. I almost don't want to write this review, because I don't want everyone to know, but whew it is SOOOO GOOOD.  The bartender Kevin is the bomb.  The stuffed gnocchi - get it I promise you will thank me later.Absolutely fantastic food, maybe the best Italian in the city. We had the meatballs and fried Burrata as an appetizer, the lasagna and seafood manicotti for dinner, and the cannoli cake and tiramisu for dessert. Wow you get a lot of food for very good prices, and I have nothing but high praise for everything. We dined in as well and everything came out fairly quickly. We will definitely be back and telling friends!We came here for the first time today. I would highly recommend coming around lunchtime as there is ample seating and it seems to be less crowded than at night. We ended up getting the fried Burrata, and the mixed green salad along with the gnocchi. The vibe in there is really cool reminds me of a lot of the local dive bars that I grew up on. As far as the food is concerned it was absolutely outstanding.
The fried burrata was much lighter than I expected and extremely flavorful. The mixed green salad was served with fresh mozzarella and homemade balsamic glaze it was a really nice accompaniment for lunch.
The real star of the show was the gnocchi with shrimp and bacon. The gnocchi was cooked perfectly and the sauce was absolutely delicious, we even asked for extra bread just so we could have something with the left over  sauce. 
The service here is also really great and we will definitely be back very soon to try other items on the menu we cannot recommend this place enoughWow! 
Blown away by this hidden gem. I have been by it hundreds of times and never went in. 
Small bar, not much seating, friendly staff and customers. We went on Thursday around the end of Happy Hour, where the drafts are a deal a $3 each.
Not much seating, as I said, so we scrounged up a few stools at a 2 top and made it work. The food smelled so good and people were raving about how good it was. My buddies both got gnocchi dishes and said they were great.
I had the seafood manacotti in the blush sauce. Wow! Packed with fresh seafood in a creamy sauce. It was dynamite! 
I cannot wait to return and try some other pasta dishes. This place is a must try.For anyone who hasn't eaten at Murph's Bar on Girard, the food is amazing and not at all what you'd expect.  Seriously the best Italian food I've had in a long time came from this Irish bar.  Full Italian menu.  The cook comes up from the kitchen to talk to you - Francesco - he's super nice and explains how all of the pasta is hand made and which is the freshest.  Also, the prices are great and portion sizes are even better.  I have no affiliation with the bar, I just wanted to share how blown away I was with the food from this dive bar.My son and I were in Fishtown looking for a bite to eat and we found Murph's. I never expected finding awesome Italian food in an Irish bar. Cant wait to go back.The food and service was amazing until our server came to us 5 minutes after we paid and goes "we have other tables waiting so I need this table". The whole night was amazing until this point and that made me want to never come back again!Like others here, I am loathe to post another review for fear of never getting a seat here again, but I'm just a generous kind of guy, so do us all a favor and make this a special occasion place.
The food was INCREDIBLE, fresh, homemade, and expertly prepared. The most expensive dish was a full rack of the best-quality lamb in the city, at $20.
Service was pure "Yo!", but supremely knowledgeable about all the food (and wine pairings.) 
Let's keep this "hidden gem" to ourselves, Capisce ?Murph's is pretty much a homemade Italian pasta restaurant / Irish pub, and as a result when you walk in the door you feel right at home! I came here with 3 friends on a Saturday night around 7pm and they told us it would be a two hour wait. We got a seat at the bar and ordered some drinks and within 20 minutes we were seated. I think we got lucky but regardless I think they may overestimate the time it takes to get a table.
We ordered the fried burrata, arancini balls and several different pastas and honestly one thing was better than the next. Everything was very decadent. All of the sauces were heavy and creamy so this really isn't the place to be dieting. Also, I will say that they do tend to run out of things so it's best to get here on the earlier side. Overall the service and price point was great coupled with the  delicious food I would really recommend this place!This bar has stayed open and accommodated it's customers during the pandemic. This is my second time ordering pick-up and it amazes me how delicious the food is. W were also able to buy a chilled bottle of wine, recommended by the bartender. We ordered Murph's Pastawhich was delicious but on the heavy side. And we ordered the Faggotini stuffed with Burrata and fresh basil, this was my favorite as it was in a cherry tomato sauce. Highly recommend.Murph's was such a pleasant surprise! A friend had told me about this place (claiming it was hands down the best Italian food she has ever had) and last week when the weather was awful and the whole city shut down (snow day) this Pub was the place to be. It's not the biggest establishment, but do not let its looks fool you the food is AMAZING. We ordered the fried burrata as an appetizer, followed by the Punttanesca Pasta and the Tagliatelle with lamb chops. Everything was really delicious and homemade. Another thing i appreciated was the proportions of the food. It was not so huge that i stuffed my face, rather it was just the right amount of pasta to meat ratio. The Chef here really knows what he/she is doing and I hope they never leave! My friend was right it really is the best Italian food in the city right now.If you are craving Italian food, head to Murph's bar in fishtown. The best Seafood Manicotti stuffed with lobster, scallops, shrimp in tomato cream sauce topped with crab meat. SOO GOOD!! Anyone tryna choose between getting pasta or dessert. This Pear and Cheese Fiocchi is what you want. It comes with parmigiano cream and drizzle of honeyEverything was great until the end!! My boyfriend and I went for dinner, ordered two apps, two entrees, two desserts and roughly 6 drinks. The food was amazing and so was the service until the end. Right after we paid our bill, we both had half full drinks and our waitress came up to us and awkwardly/rudely told us we needed to get up because there was people waiting for our table!!! It was maybe less than 5 minutes after we paid and we're finishing our drinks!! We ordered a lot, gave a great tip and being asked to leave ruined our experience. It would have been understandable if we were sitting there without drinks but the fact that we still had drinks and were paying customers is crazy!!!Well usually we are skeptical when we read a lot of great reviews but we are willing to try anything once.
The reviews for Murph's are spot on. We actually walked here from our daughters house so it was on. We were Celebrating and chose this establishment because it seemed like our kind of place.
It was semi crowded and a little warm but put that aside. The servers HUSTLE. We put our name in for a table and a 4 top was just finishing up.
We went to the bar and ordered 3 lemon cello martinis, well made and delicious. Hilsa knows her sh*t. What a sweetheart. We observed the huge portions that were coming out of the kitchen. The owner was on top of tables and making sure people had drinks. Our 4 top decided to sit on their phones like twits and not be polite so Hilsa grabbed 3 seats at the bar for us. The owner and hostess both came up and apologized to us. No need we know morons when we see them. No problem to sit at the bar. 
All the patrons at the bar were comparing dishes and making recommendations. What an atmosphere!! 
We ordered lobster ravioli, bronzino and pasta truffles. For an app we got zucchini flowers, the came out quickly. Light and tasty, we were excited. We moved onto beer and water which were served immediately by Hilsa, she is honestly sweet, as was the the other bartender, didn't get her name. 
Our entrees came out and were cooked perfectly, bread was also brought at some point. Rustic and delicious. For dessert we ordered lemon cello gelato. 
We didn't want to leave, Hilsa and the other workers made us feel at home. We can't wait to return to the city just to have dinner here again.
My only disappointment was no XL T-shirt's, maybe next time. 
Great job Murph's, a lot of establishments could take notes.....
Until next time, thank you so much for making a special night perfect!!!!I love Murph's. It's a wonderful neighborhood bar with amazing Italian food. Yes, Italian food!  Don't let the name fool you. The desserts are also amazing. The only downside to Murph's is that the ventilation is very poor, so when you leave, Murph's leave with you. The smell of food sticks to your clothes. Hopefully they will install a bette ventilation system.  Other than that, it's a great neighborhood spot.My husband and I just had the weirdest experience here. We decided to come here to get dinner because we heard the food was great. We got drinks at the bar and ordered our food, I ordered the Murph's Pasta which has two options, spicy or not spicy. I'm really sensitive to spicy food so I emphasized not spicy to the waitress. When our food came out I took one bite and it was spicy. I even had my husband taste it to make sure. He is someone who puts hot sauce on everything and he agreed, definitely spicy. I apologetically told the bartender I'm sorry but I can't eat it. She talked to the other bartender and they went and looked at the computer, I assume to make sure she wrote *not spicy* under the instructions to the chef. I heard them say that she had in fact specified *not spicy*. So, she took it back to the kitchen and when she came out she said she would take it off the bill but the chef will not make you anything else.
I was totally floored. So the chef messes up an order and then refuses to cook a customer anything else??? I have worked as a waitress/bartender for years in Philadelphia. I've sent food back maybe one other time in my life. I am always kind and sympathize with people in the industry because I know it's a tough job and that people can be real jerks. I couldn't even share what my husband had ordered because he got the hot wings so I ended up just sitting there. Our waitress clearly felt really bad and apologized, she even offered to buy me a drink which was really nice of her. 
It's too bad because we live a few blocks away and go out to eat in the neighborhood all the time. When we were sitting waiting for our food I remarked how it was really nice here and we should definitely come back. After this bizarre experience with their chef we will never be returning here.I love this place more than words can describe. Eaten here multiple times and never have I ever had a bad mealSo I just had pasta at a bar called Murph's... and it was... amazing. The boy and I were trying to find somewhere to eat and watch football. (TVs are hard to find in Hipsterville). We decided on Murph's remembering a friend told us that a cook at Modo Mio took over the kitchen there. We'd been in there for beers before, but never considered ordering food. Chrissi rocked it as the sole bartender and server for about 50 patrons and treated each table as if it was her only one. She was attentive and made sure we had Holy Wooder (Philadelphia Brewing Company's tribute to the Pope's visit) in our glass at all times. We actually kicked the keg, so it's possible we ha the last sips of Holy Wooder ever. I went with the butternut squash ravioli in an arugula pesto sauce. My boyfriend ordered the gnocchi sorrentino. The food came out quickly. And it was delicious. Huge servings of homemade pasta for $11 a plate. That's unheard of. The flavor combinations in the ravioli were surprisingly delicious. I'm used to a sweet sauce with butternut squash, so this was a pleasant change. And the gnocchi is probably the best I've had in Philly outside of Center City. Francesco came to our table to inquire about our experience and we raved about the food. He was quite humbled and gracious. Around 11:00, a younger crowd took over the bar and we decided it was time to leave. Overall, this was a fabulous experience. I think they need to change their name and get a wine list, but then we'd run the risk of it getting too popular... Beddia all over again. Get in there before that happens!!Best Italian in the city. WITHOUT A DOUBT. Take advantage of their takeout during COVID. Contactless. It's usually very hard to get a table here! Everything was SO DELICIOUS and well worth the price. We couldn't wait to take a bite & a meatball before taking our pics.Swung by here on Saturday evening for a few pints and was pleasantly surprised.  I was going to go to Frankford Hall, but they had some festival going on and it was full of people, mostly really drunk and mostly hipsters.  No thanks.
I am glad we stopped in, the staff was nice, my order of fries was taking a long time and the bartender decided that that was unacceptable and gave me my money back.  Beer is fairly priced, cold, and is served in clean glassware.  Don't come in if you want a glass of wine, the selection is limited to say the least.   
This is a genuine neighborhood bar that is not trying to be anything else.  Hopefully it stays this way.Best Italian food in Philadelphia. It is incredible and would highly recommend Lobster Ravioli or Pear and Cheese FiocchiSo glad I finally ate at Murph's. Had to wait for about 20 minutes for a table for two on a Thursday evening, but it was well worth the wait. We had the Murph's pasta and the spinach ravioli with pistachios and the whole meal I just kept repeating "this is so good". Absolutely delicious.I would like to just take a moment to applaud Murph's bar for their take-out menu experience. BY FAR, THE BEST ITALIAN RESTARAUNT IN PHILLY AND BEYOND.
We had last first tried in February 2020 (pre-COVID times), and thoroughly enjoyed the lobster ravioli & stuffed gnocchi at that time.
Friday night calls for cheat day, and we ordered for pick-up which had only a 30 minute recommended order time in advance. 
Picking up the food: very easy, our order was placed exactly on time & very fresh & hot for pick-up. (FYI, cash only)
Appetizers: Bacon/Steak Medallions - so tender & juicy, still warm from the pick-up. Literally melts in your mouth and a favorite we picked up from our last experience! Fried Burrata - excellent dish that is decadent and also mouth water-ing.
Entrees: Pear & Cheese Fiocchi - OMG this was so creamy, sweet, yet savory at the same time; by far one of the most interesting & filling pasta dishes I have ever tried. Seafood Manicotti - Really felt like a homemade italian lasagna with a seafood twist, really tasted the crab & the sauces in between were absolutely on point. By far one of the best two Italian dishes I have EVER eaten. 
Murph's bar exceeded my expectations in person; and blew me away with take-out as well. Not to mention the excellent customer service in the pick-up experience. Thank you for making a rainy, COVID in-dining Friday SO MUCH better with your excellent food.If we want some Italian home style food we go to Francesco to Murph's! Always good! Just go and try it!Unbelievable homemade Italian food set in a small Irish pub. The pasta was as fresh as the stout!Myself, a friend and our combined 2 kids had just arrived in Philadelphia the day that we dined at Murph's. We decided we were all craving pasta, so we hopped on Yelp to find some place that served a white sauce selection. I spotted one of my faves on the their online menu: fiocchi pear pasta with a white sauce (I think it was parmesan). Sold! We called ahead of time to check on the wait & verify under 21 was allowed. They do not take reservations for a party of only 4. All good, so we requested our Lyft and headed over. Once inside, the 1st noticeable thing that stood out was how small the inside was. The seating area is quite small. Maybe 8 tables? I didn't count. Next was how loud it was. We had to speak very loudly to hear each other. Still all good, so we put our name & was told the wait would be approximately 60-90 mins. I asked if they would call us when our table was near ready. I was told no, but that I could call over to check on my status in line. I had my son set an alarm for 45 min, and we left to find a more quiet space to wait. When I called and asked about our status, the woman rudely told me that I was not allowed to do that & I'd lose my place in line if I wasn't in the building when my name was called. We walked back over immediately (5 min walk). About 15-20 min later, someone was yelling an indistinguishable name in the loud bar. We were standing right in front of the hostess podium, clearly waiting for our table. The waitress walked around us to get behind the bar and walk further away to yell the name. I finally left the hostess podium and walked over to the bar. I had to somewhat go behind the bar so that my voice would carry over to the waitress. I asked her if she was saying ,"Malia", and she said, "I dunno. Maybe!" She wouldn't look at me. I could tell right away that she was being passive-aggressive. She seated us & let us know she was our server. She seemed super annoyed that she even had to speak us. She was also very rushed, and again, did not even look at us as she spoke. When she came back to get our orders, she was very snippy & rudely corrected our mispronunciation of certain Italian dishes. She left so fast that she forgot to get my son's order. When we called her back, she of course acted like it was our fault & said she wondered why he wasn't ordering food. B.S.! We saw her go up to other coworkers and roll her eyes & talk badly about us and other customers. We weren't the the only ones that she was rude to. Lastly, we asked for dessert to-go to which she replied, "we don't do dessert to-go", sounding appalled. My friend asked for a dessert and a to-go box. She spun off annoyed to get it, but not before stopping at the hostess podium 2 feet away from us and again rolling her eyes while barking at the hostess, "DO NOT get them silverware! They are taking it to go!" Dessert came, and  I asked the server, "hi. I know you were told not to give us silverware, but can we have a fork to push it into the box?" She nicely brought us a fork. The extremely rude waitress had dark hair in a ponytail with bangs, glasses and lots of tattoos. The food? VERY DELICIOUS! I very much enjoyed my pasta. It's too bad the service was hostile and it ruined our yummy food. I would not return there no matter how good the fiocchi is!I've lived in Fishtown for years now, but just made my way over to Murph's this week, but I will definitely be going back. I went with a friend at around 6:30 on a Monday, and we were one of two parties seated in the dining area when we arrived, but it did fill out by around 7. The service was good, especially by bar standards. Our server was pleasant and attentive, but if you shouldn't expect the same class of service you'd expect at a more expensive restaurant. Like, if you want a refill on your water, you're going to have to ask for it because the servers aren't watching you like a hawk to see if you need one. Small stuff that I don't care about, y'know?
It's the food you're here for anyway, and it was delightful. I split an order of the arancini as an appetizer and had the lobster ravioli for my meal. The arancini were delicious and came with 2 about the size of a softball. I was a little concerned at the $11 price, but the size made it plenty worth it. The lobster ravioli was divine. The shrimp were huge and perfectly cooked. Blush sauce is my favorite and this one was delicious. The ravioli had literal chunks of lobster in it! Unbeatable at $15. My friend got the carbonara and was similarly impressed. We left extremely full and happy, and will definitely be back.I saw  an ad for this place on facebook or somewhere and it looked good. The truffle pasta was what lured me in...love truffle pasta. I made a reservation for a Sunday night. We had to eat outside with a tent like covering since Philly was still under dining restrictions. I'm glad I wore my long underwear. They had some heaters attached to the roof  above but you don't really feel it unless you're sitting directly under it. I thought they would have heaters right next to the table. 
My husband had to get the meatballs as the appetizer. They were pretty good, maybe could have used a little more garlic, but decent. I liked that they put a big scoop of ricotta cheese on the side. They gave us bread but no butter. I asked for some but they didn't have any but gave us olive oil. 
We split 3 pastas. 
MURPHS PASTA-  very tasty and different. I was worried it was going to be too spicy but it was very well balanced. I loved the bacon in it gave it great flavor. There was a huge amount of cheese on it, it was a spicy cacioricotta. 
PEAR and CHEESE FIOCCHI- this was probably my favorite pasta. It was sweet and creamy and had honey on it. It tasted kind of like pumpkin or sweet potato pasta that I had before. This is probably best as an appetizer though or splitting it with someone because after awhile it's like a sweetness overload. 
TRUFFLE PASTA- They were pretty generous with the amount of black truffles, I was surprised. It tasted like they probably put some truffle oil in the sauce as well as it had a very strong truffle taste which I liked. However the cream sauce was a bit bland and this pasta was just ok. The sauce definitely could have used more salt or flavor but I still enjoyed it. 
Service wasn't too great though. They don't really come to check on you, just bring your food and the basics. We were both gonna get another drink but our waiter never came back around to ask so we didn't. 
Overall this is a great place to get some homemade pasta in Philly at a great price and big portions. Probably the best value in Philly. Yes there are better Italian restaurants in Philly- but this is probably the best pasta I have had at this price point. Would like to come back if they have some new seasonal pastas later.I went in with a couple of friends after an even at La Colombe. We were told there was a 45 minute wait for a table, so we ordered drinks. One of the wines had turned, and the bartender wouldn't replace it. We could see empty tables which could have been pulled and grouped for us, but the hostess said she couldn't do that because of the exit. Eventually, we were seated at the bar. We had to ask for our bread and create our own olive oil dipping plate. A bunch of young white kids came in, and the tables were moved for them. I have never been so embarrassed. I invited my friends to Fishtown and recommended Murph's. Our service was totally shoddy. The only reason I'm giving any stars is that I've had two prior pleasant experiences.I've eaten here a couple times and loved it but tried to order from here the past few times and wasn't able to. I try to be understanding because of covid but I don't appreciate their rude service. They apparently don't answer the phone if they're busy and stop taking take-out orders hours before they're closed. As much as I enjoy their food, I don't support how they run their business. Last time I'll try coming here.I generally like this place. Go there quite often. However, the outdoor dining during this pandemic has been a small disaster. The food is basically as tasty as ever but the customer service is really bad. I feel like me and my girlfriend had to request EVERYTHING. Including standard details like salt and pepper. It's August, so it's blazing hot outside and not once did they ask if we needed a refill of our drinks. The grated cheese comes in packets the size of a quarter. Had to request oil and vinegar. Then even after that came, we had to then ask for a plate to put it in. Very amateur service. It's as if both servers were in a coma. The inside of the fried baratta was ice cold. Not an exaggeration. We inquired as to why it's frozen inside. She told us that's the way it's supposed to be prepared.  It was like a comedy act. $1.50 for an extra basket of bread (4 pieces) 1st time in history ive ever been charged for extra bread. There's a really good shot that I'll never return there for food. With all this aside, I will give a shout out to my friend Meg, who is an amazing bartender who works at Murph's. She's one of the best around. Really good place to drink especially when she's working, but I'll will def skip eating there from here on out.Wow, this place has changed a lot since I was here last year.
Before it was a neighborhood spot with cheap beers, a deep fryer behind the bar, and just enough grit to call it a bit of a dive.
Totally different now - fresh paint, cleaned up, some new decor, full kitchen pumping out excellent grub at great prices.  I enjoyed one of the best pork sandwiches I've every had.  Beers are still nice and cheap too, with a great local and micro selection.  Great views of TV's from all angles for game night.
The staff is friendly and attentive, too. Never waited more than 30 seconds, even during a playoff game when the place was pretty crowded, for a fresh beer.
Best of all, they retained the neighborhood feel.  Go here!This place is fabulous.  It's an Irish bar with an amazing Italian chef from Italy.  Super great food.  Bar is fun, crowd is friendly and do are the staff members 
If you are visiting the Philly area or live anywhere in the area, do yourself a favor and check out Murph's Bar.I've been going past this place for years and only finally went in last week. I am a fan of no-frills places and Murph's hit the spot. Cheap beer, kitschy decor and a juke box. I'll be back!My son and his fiance recently moved to Philly and discovered this place. He raved about it, even sending me the menu. So when my husband and I went to visit, this is where they took us. It did not disappoint! I rarely order pasta when I go out just because I always feel it's overpriced. It's an inexpensive product, and easy to prepare ... who can't boil a pot of water, right? ... and then restaurants charge so much for it. BUT this place is different! The prices are reasonable and what you get is out of this world. We got 3 different appetizers and 6 different entrees (and 2 bottles of wine!) for 6 people. All the food was delicious! I think my favorite was the pear & cheese fiocchi. Probably the most delicious pasta I've ever tasted in my life. It's too bad I won't get to try other restaurants when I visit again because without a doubt I'm coming back here. And this time I'll make sure I save room for some dessert!I was delighted with the chef's Puttanesca Pasta. It made my mouth dance!! .  This was my first time and definitely not my last. My dish was so tasty I had to refrain from ordering the same meal the next night.  Yummy menu, I must try their decadent desserts.Called them several times to put in an order. Never answer their phone. Our friend decided to go there and order in person but they said that he would have to call in. Again...no one picked up the phone. Heard great things about them and seriously...this? Terrible customer service. If I can give them a zero star, I definitely would have.Before this place was this place it was a place that sponsored my dad's b-ball team back in the day.  I would always tag along with the guys when they came here after a win looking to tell some stories and drink some beers.  Last night, we were greeted with a little jazz ensemble on a random Thursday.  The beer selection was pretty interesting, many brews I hadn't tried before but none that stood out.  A beer later, we found the man next to us shared our last name and the reminiscing began.  Talks of the old days ensued, blending the old times with a new bar.The fresh pasta is great and you can tell it is fresh. Unfortunately, I found a bug in the truffle pasta dish. Disgusting. Could not eat it after that. I am thinking maybe it was in the flour? Regardless..Ok so I've been watching this place on yelp for years and finally went for a late birthday dinner on St. Patty's day (my bday is in Feb, lol). The food was delicious but the experience felt rushed. The meal was right behind the appetizers which came directly behind the bread kind of rushed. Im sure they were anticipating a huge crowd and we were too which is why we arrived at 405pm (as soon as they opened). The crowd had not arrived but a couple of my dishes were brought out cold, which they pleasantly and apologetically reheated AND comped our desserts.  Still a 5 star experience because the free desserts were mouthwatering, the food was great, the servers were friendly and I can't wait to go back to try ALL of the things I didn't. The friend I went with recently called me reliving our food experience, he can't wait to go back either.2nd attempt here, the small dining area gets packed! Food is delicious. Had deep fried burrata, oversized veal tortellini over a bed of... not lettuce, who wants that... but cured meat.  Love the contrast of Italian food in an Irish bar. Good beers.I also had a bad experience with the hostess here at Murph's. They were really rude to us on the phone and when we came in, the hostess completely ignored us for like 20 minutes. Once she DID talk to us, she very abruptly said that "they're busy." That it, "might be a while to get a table." We were okay with that, and she grabbed her notepad really aggressively and scribbled on her notepad, all the while never making eye-contact with me, and rolling her eyes as she walked away. My date asked if we should just go to another restaurant, so we did. It's a shame, I really wanted to try the food here.Most unwelcoming place I've been to in the city! And that says a lot. Walk in to a very crowded place- stood there for 10 minutes not a single greeting. Bartender just stared at us making it very uncomfortable. Would have been willing to wait for the food, but again no greeting. Would not welcome.This place is outstanding. It's a scratch kitchen, not a long wait at all for a Saturday, dive bar ambiance which we actually like. The prices are definitely fair for the portions... the cocktails are almost more expensive than the meals themselves which is kinda weird but whatever... but everything was super yummy! The only thing I would complain about is they kind of kicked us out because they were on a wait..... if we weren't still ordering I would understand but we were hoping to chill out and have some more drinks. This effected the tip which we usually give 40-50% being in the business ourselves.Best kept secret in fishtown! The earlier you go, the better. When the kitchen runs out, that's it - but so worth it. Possibly the best homemade Italian food in the city!This is a pretty good bar. Food was pretty good, but obviously made ahead of time and warmed up. On the plus side, that did allow it to come out quickly. It was Italian only, no fried aps like wings or anything. 3 TVs for watching football on Sunday, but I wouldn't call it a sports bar, as Yelp categorized it. Price wasn't quite as good as I'd expect considering the reheated food, but not expensive.phillys best kept secret that's really not quite a secret anymore. Lobster ravioli for the win.Bunch of children running this place. The food is good and we are regulars. Called to check if they're still doing take out. Unprofessional on the phone but was told "ok". Called back a few minutes later after looking at the menu. No answer. Called a few more times. They pick up the phone and hang it up. Then they started answering and pretending to be the answering machine. Far easier to just answer and decline the order. Obviously they think they're too good to answer the phone like adults. Shame.The oddest experience I had dining in my life. I went here several years ago but decided I would detail my experience as this place is getting sky high review scores so I just want to give the down low of the true vibe here.
Very interesting divey-ish neigborhood "Irish" townie bar vibe that serves good Italian food. We showed up with a fairly large party I want to say eight people very early and were seated. After many of us were placing substantial orders (one of our friends who was buzzed ordered three different items) WELL...very oddly the waitress said everyone has to order two meals EACH PERSON mininum. 
Apparently, this is the rule with large parties we were told. This did not sit well with many of us and half of us walked out and two or three stayed at the bar and tried to order just one meal at the bar. After alot of ackwardness and them refusing to serve a single beer to one of our group members who tried ordering three food items only two of the original eight of us stayed. The one friend who they wouldn't serve just kept saying they missed out on a hugh bill which frankly was true.
I am seeing other reviews where you are just treated extremely rude. I am thinking this may be the case because some in the surrounding area can be rude patrons and sometimes you do need to throw people out and clean up shop but my one experience was just ultra werid.
Good luck if you visit here after the COVID-19 Pandemic. I just would not come with a large group and do not expect to be treated "friendly".  I did manage to grab a few bites of the calamari and pasta entree and it was good for the record.Delicious!!!!!!!!  Went to dinner here last night and craving what I had so I may just have to go back today!!!!Believe the hype. The best Italian food in Philadelphia is in this divey Irish pub. 
Don't expect fancy, but expect perfectly cooked pasta and spot on flavors & ingredients. Can't wait to go back.Wow, who knew Italian food in a divey Irish pub could be so good? The lobster and shrimp ravioli was fantastic, and a steal at $15. Cash only, but totally worth the ATM fee. I'll definitely have to come back next time I'm in Philly.Cheap beer? Cheap food? Nice staff? Murph's is really as good as it gets. Its a nice little local bar with local people who still welcome outsiders. The beer selection is always changing and despite the area, the prices are very decent. The staff are extremely friendly and welcome everyone. Having a knowledge of the beer  in store is always very helpful. Not sure what you might like? Just ask, and the bartenders are quick to help you find a beer for you.
Live music with no cover is a added bonus. Live bands can normally be seen on Friday and Saturday nights.When I step foot into the outdoor patio of Murph's bar, one word comes into my head -- Sababa. Immaculate space with the most respectful staff. I didn't just get to experience the top notch food and spirits, but I also got to hear a riveting piece of drama from the woman sitting behind my table. Tokyo, Istanbul, cheating husband, and the most amazing of all, veterinarians are not real doctors, selfish and bad. All in all, bring your taste for the wonderful but never stop there. :)The food here is absolutely amazing. Get the meatballs they are huge and flavorful with a side of ricotta which makes them even more delicious. We got pasta for dinner and it was all amazing!! They give you bread when you sit down which was also really good. I only gave 3 stars because of the service. When we walked in one of the servers was on the phone and then hung it up aggressively and started screaming to another server "Can you believe that a****** he f****** hung up on me???" and stormed away, everyone in the restaurant got silent and it was awkward/uncomfortable. After eating our meal our server asked if we wanted anything else and when we asked if we could place a to go dish she said no and that we weren't allowed to order anything else without any explanation. She then walked over to the bar and yelled to us at our table "so ladies do you want dessert or no?" which was odd because she was just at our table and walked away to only yell at us from the bar. It was an odd experience to say the least but I would be willing to give it another try because the food was THAT good.An Irish pub with killer Italian food! Super small inside I'm unsure how you make reservations but we went around 5 & got a table with no problem. They do NOT serve food on Tuesdays! I made that mistake once. But wow amazing food. We got fried burrata, gnocchi & desserts that were delish. Cheap wine too!!Murphs doesn't disappoint..had a party of 8 family style 1st time..really good dinner.. had carbonara  fabulous..gnocchi..fab...lobster manicotti. ok.. braciole..ok..great waitress..kate..thanksI've been drinking at Murph's for over 10 years.  Last night was the 1st time I ate here.   Holy shit!  They have an authentic Italian menu, where the fuck did that come from?  But don't question it, just give it a shot.  
We had a group of about 10, so we had a large table and the chef prepared everything family style for us. We had meatball, fried meatballs and fried mozzarella.  Fried meatballs and mozzarella were so excellent.  Like next level Mozz sticks!  
We then had pappardelle bolognese. Fresh pasta with succulent with basil overtones in the sauce.  Fantastic.  The best lobster ravioli I ever had, straight up.  Gnocchi, people loved it, not my thing.  We also had a pear and honey pasta contraption, it was excellent.  
They really went out of their way to take care of us and feel welcome.  It's dirt cheap for the quality, nice portions and NO HIPSTER PRETENTIOUSNESS.I feel stupid! I've lived in this neighbourhood for 3 years and yesterday went to Murph's for the first time. 
First, the beer is ice cold--like the temp right before it freezes, and has you saying 'aaahhh' after each sip.
Second, and most importantly, the food was some of the best Italian food I've ever had. I got the Lobster Ravioli as my main...and I am still thinking about it. (Hence why I am writing this review.) The sauce--I can't. 
Highly recommend Murph's if you're in the mood for pasta!Great food. The Caprese was soo good and the eggplant. Cant wait to stop back for more!!!!Went here last week after a recommendation from a local bartender at another establishment (triangle tavern I think) (I was in town for business).  After reading reviews, I decided to go with the veal tortallacci, and my coworker got the lobster ravioli (we then shared).  Phenomenal.  All of it.  Every bite was like *expletive deleted*.  The veal tortallacci was unique to me, and was a treat.  Nice size and well stuffed.  The sauce was like an alfredo and pretty heavy... After I was done, I mopped it up with my bread (they give you free bread).  The chopped walnuts on top were a nice touch that complimented it well.  The capicollo was underneath, and was a little hard to find. Unfortunately, the heavy sauce kinda drounded it out, but was still a nice treat at the end.  My friend got the lobster ravioli.   Also excellent.  The one piece she traded with me was tasty, and while I couldn't see actual lobster chunks, I felt like the real thing was in there.  She got 3 shrimp, but some pictures on yelp show 6... Maybe they vary it based on the price that week.  The shrimp were a nice size, between a U15 and U10.  The ravioli were in a creamy tomato sauce, also mopped up with bread.  Draft beer list was decent (I think like 8 beers, half local), and a decent list of bottles.  Craft drafts were mostly $6, yuengling was $4.  Most bottles were $5.  Citywide special was $5 for a Narragansett and well whiskey.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  Only complaint is that kitchen is closed on Tuesday, which I understand the chef needs a day off, but I found out the hard way.TLDR: : Cannot wait to go back! Food was amazing. The only improvement would be the service, but it's expected from a bar-ish restaurant. 
Definitely a no-frill restaurant that you don't have to 'dress up' for to enjoy some good Italian food. 
Service was a bit slow and our server kept forgetting what we asked for (e.g., water, silverware, napkins). But they are very friendly, so that's a plus. It was also a semi-busy night. We sat outside and a couple tables left without ordering because of the lack of service. Would really love to see them picking up the outdoor service. 
I ordered the seafood manicotti - huge portion and flavor was amazing. It was rich, but not overwhelmingly rich. Stuffed with a generous amount of seafood and topped with a generous amount of crab meat, definitely a great choice for seafood lover who prefers a red sauce. 
My friends and my partner ordered the ravioli, stuffed ravioli, and lamb rack. They all loved their entrees and were impressed with the place. 
Oh and the Arancini was amazing. They were out of fried Burrata that night so I didn't get to try it. 
We ended the night with the creme brulee cheesecake - so good! Surprisingly not overwhelmingly sweet with good flavor. My friend ordered the lemon mascarpone cake and she loved it too! 
Cannot wait to go back!It's a shame cause the food is so good and I try to support local restaurants in the area by me but the customer service is horrible. Tried calling to place an order but they just kept picking up and hanging up. I understand it can get busy during dinner time but I never heard of a restaurant just not accepting orders especially during a time when so many businesses are going under.Love love love this place! My husband and I stopped here for a yuck bite before a night out and we were so full by the time we left! 
We got a table pretty quickly without reservations on a Saturday at 5pm. The seafood manicotti was AMAAZING!! I usually don't like to order the same thing from a restaurant twice but I Definitely will order that again the next time I go! Wait staff was great with drink recommendations.Probably the best food in fishtown and one of Philadelphia's best kept secrets. Never had anything bad here and I look forward to working my way through the menu. Beef has perfect texture but anything cooked with pork, you can taste the love put into it.Murph's is the best of both worlds. If you're lucky enough to get a seat (they fill up quick), literally everything on the menu is delicious. Any gnocchi dish will be amazing. The chef really knows what he's doing. It's cash only but there is an ATM in the dining room. I don't recommend transitioning to the bar immediately after because you WILL be stuffed. BUT I come here on a lot of my Friday and Saturday nights. You can choose the music and the drinks are reasonably priced.COVID-19's required all of us to become very creative in enjoying some of our favorite cuisines. While in Philadelphia for the day with the family, we figured it would be cool to try Murph's for some dope Italian food. 
With the outdoor dining humming and buzzing, we figured it would be best to order takeout. Magically enough, it only took about 35 mins for our food to be ready - this is at 6:30pm too - which is a huge plus.
In typical family fashion, we ordered a bunch of everything: Bread, Burrata, Black Truffle Pasta, Eggplant Meatballs, & Burrata. Ate a sampler of everything family style. Literally everything was awesome. The only regret was probably not ordering any dessert.
The intrigue of this place is that the menu can change depending on what's available... so there's no guarantee someone else will have what I'm having on a given day.
Additionally, this is a bar that serves Italian food. Due to COVID, I can't experience the "bar" aspect until maybe next year. I'll have to remember that for next time.4.5 stars
Pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed this place. Casual place with nice vibes and great food. They have a digital jukebox and for a $1, you can play 2 songs. 
They give you complimentary bread, good flavor but on the drier end. We started with the fried mozzarella. SO GOOD! They give 3 hefty size pieces that has quality cheese, perfectly breaded and fried. 
We got the pear pasta and lobster ravioli. The sauce for the pear pasta was DELICIOUS! It took me back to Italy. There's a lot of pear filling in the pasta itself and does taste sweet. For people who enjoy sweet and savory, you'll enjoy this dish. 
The lobster ravioli has 6 pieces with 3 big pieces of shrimp. Sauce was great as well and the ravioli was filled generously. 
Great portion size and great prices. 
Service can be a little slow towards the end but I see how busy they can get.To the assuming bystander, Murphs Bar is just an Irish Pub but downstairs in the kitchen is an Italian chef whipping up authentic Italian creations and it is amazing!
This use to be somewhat of a locals secret but has since picked up in popularity, as is deserved. The food is so good and fresh, plenty of options, healthy portions, very reasonably priced and quick ! 
You will have to order your apps and entree all at once because the chef is cooking by himself which makes it all the more impressive that he serves an entire restaurant with the quality he does. 
The service is some of the best. You should call ahead for a reservation if you are a group of 4-6. Not sure about Groups larger than that as this is a small pub style layout. CASH ONLY folks. 
Must try !Went to Murph's with a party of 4 for early Saturday dinner. I may have been set up for disappointment since the person who recommended it say it was the best food he'd ever eaten. First, they have an electrical problem they need to deal with ASAP because the lights in the dining room were constantly flickering and dimming on and off. (Fire hazard?) The place was crowded and frankly a little smelly and stuffy. Guess that's part of the ambiance which I could overlook it if the food were THAT good, but it's not. We had an appetizer with 3 different proscuitto/serrano ham type meats and very creamy, delicious mozzerella and nice crusty sesame seed bread. That was really good. I ordered Braciole, which means to me a type of beef roulade stuffed with cheese, breadcrumbs and herbs. Well, Murph's braciole is not that. It's more of a stew type concoction with, frankly overly acidic, thick red sauce served over pasta. OK not what I had in mind. My friend ordered a bolognese pasta and asked the very nice server if it was made with ground beef, which she did not want. She ordered on the basis that it was not ground beef and Voila, ground beef. The whole meal felt very thrown together and not very imaginative or creative. Definitely not the best food I've ever eaten, but hearty for winter.Fantastic Italian Food right in the heart of Fishtown. Definitely looking forward to going again!This place is fantastic. It's a divey-type bar with great Italian food - amazing! The food was fantastic, and the prices were even better. Drinks were good too. I had two glasses of the Merlot - $5 each and good pours. For dinner, I had Murph's Pasta which was excellent, and I even had enough to take it home. My partner has the pumpkin gnocchi (it was a special) which was also excellent. Dessert included a chocolate souffle (yum) and a cannoli (I don't like cannolis, but my partner liked it!). Definitely check this place out if you're in the neighborhood; if not, it's just a quick walk from Girard Station on the Market-Frankford Line.