The food is actually not bad.  The beef cube are normally tasty except sometimes they get lazy with the cutting and its not a cube anymore.  The BBQ quails might be the worst quails I have ever ate.  The reason for the one star is because there are actual mouse running around the place.  We would have took a picture of it but it ran under the table the first time and the 2nd time we saw it, it ran up the windows and never seen again.Great for pick-up, although I don't think they do delivery.
We wanted cheap but quality Pho and found it at Nam Phuong.  Pick up was easy - plenty of street parking nearby and they had everything ready within 15 minutes.
For takeout, they put all the ingredients for the pho into separate bags/containers.  Great idea so that your sprouts and noodles don't get soggy, and you still have a lime wedge on the side.  We had various meat (beef, etc) phos and they were VERY good!  Nam Phuong makes a great broth to start, and the rest is excellent quality.  Can't wait to go back for more.  (Although, I'll skip the spring/summer rolls next time and just go for the pho, which in and of itself is a big portion and very filling).Nam Phuong has barely ever let me down. 
its food and service are always consistent.
I suggest:
Vietnamese spring rolls.
Ca Kho Tho (Fish in Clay Pot)
Bo Luc Lac (Beef with Watercress)
Sweet and Sour Soup
Soda Chanh
Those are my usuals.
If i ever have a hard time thinking of a place to eat on Washington avenue i can always rely on Nam Phuong!I had a hard time finding a good Vietnamese restaurant in philly. Compared to other places I've been to, this would rank in the middle of the pack or the lower bottom. Big menu selection and food was decent.Good food, quickly served and hot out of the kitchen.  Service is attentive and mostly impersonal.  Reception is awkward (non-existent) perhaps because there are 2 entrances and the staff must see you seeking a table.  We chose a table and got a brusque "wait over there" as we waited for it to be cleared.  Spacious, casual, clean setting.  Light background music was more appropriate for a dance exercise studio. 
The "wen yu" fish in clay pot was excellent, with a savory sauce similar to that used with sushi broiled eel. Only 4 pieces but high quality.  The charcoal grilled pork and shrimp with broken rice was tasty and good. Vegetable lo mein was tasty, vegetables slightly too oily.
Parking can be a challenge, though you might get lucky to park in the strip mall's lot.Two of my favorite dishes in the city are here. Raw beef salad and the beef wrapped in grape leaves. Lots of places do them, but few like this. Plus it's fast, cheap and good for groups. Come here!There's a reason why I am overweight... I live near such great places like Nam Phuong. I was introduced by my vegan and vegetarian friends Kathy and Chris, so there is something for all of us :)
I found this crazy value to be full of flavor, well-priced, fresh and with lots of choices. May I recommend the chicken sauteed with lemongrass, curry & coconut sauce. MMMM good!
Vietnamese Chow the way I like it: simple, spicy and savory....pho REAL!Very good Pho in town. If u order extra noodle they give you this huge clear glass bowl which i thought its funny looking.. food is awesome. Must try.Excellent Vietnamese food with an amazing number of choices. It is a great restaurant!   Parking is very easy too.This is a family favorite of ours, good, filling, Vietnamese food that won't break the budget.Nam Phuong serves decent pho and a decent iced coffee, but other than that, there's nothing significant that separates them from the other restaurants in the area.  Maybe the tablecloths on the table, the gigantic portions, and the passable service?  Hmm.My brother and I were in search for a refreshing raw beef salad on a hot summer day and we found it here.  The service improved since the last time I was here. The restaurant lighting was brighter and all the tables were covered in white linens. The restaurant definitely looked a like cleaner. I can't judge the rest of the menu since I only had the salad but I must say the raw beef salad was delicious.The wife was craving bun mam (fermented fish noodle soup). Plus it was raining good day for noodle soup. This is the only place we come to get her craving fixed. As usual the service not a five but a three. We got jicama rolls not bad but I had better. She got her bun mam and I got pho. Now they come with different side of veggies. Pho gets the bean sprouts and bun mam get purple cabbage. They only gave us bean sprouts. All Vietnamese know that. So we ask the server for it and he gave us a funny look. The when everything came out. I like that it came out fast. She ask for shrimp paste sauce they gave her the wrong one. So we ask for it again. Server gave us the annoying look again. Typical. On top of that her soup tasted different every time we come. Bad. It tastes Bland I meant really bland. I ate it before and I know how it suppose to taste. Certain items is ok here be their really inconsistent with others. Pho is typical. Pho 20 in Chinatown is better. But all and all this place is like average for me.I'm always here yet I never review. I'm so terrible.
I love Nam Phuong! There are so many food items that I could write about but I guess I'll just start with my most recent meal. 
- Bo Luc Lac: Yummy! One of those dishes that I order almost every single time I'm there.
-Ground Shrimp - Sugarcane w/ Rice Paper: A great starter! It's just so so tasty. 
-Pho Tai: It was decent, but not something I would think to order here. My friend wanted it so I decided to give it a try.
Come here if you want cheap authentic Viet food. Until next time...The shrimp with lotus salad is the best version I had. I usually order the beef cubes  with watercress and the sweet and sour soup. This is one of the best places in Philly to get Vietnamese cuisine at a very affordable price in south philly.Favorite vietnamese restaurant! I love Bo luc lac. The beef is so soft and tasty. Love the watercress and the sauce on the side (lemon, pepper and salt) It's not expensive, the restaurant is good to bring friends and family.Several people have said that this is the spot on Washington Ave for a great Vietnamese meal. So instead of going with my usual trusted places, I decided to give them a try... 
First off, it's a huge place. Plenty of tables spaced out where youre not back to back or rubbing elbows  with other diners.. 
Service was prompt, but not pushy. Table cloths that were changed after every meal (not the norm, and greatly appreciated). 
A huge menu full of any meal you could think of, and a bar menu for drinks. 
I chose a vermicelli bowl with a combination of different meats and shrimp, and an order of summer rolls. The meal came out pretty quick,  and while it wasn't mind blowing as some have described, it was a decent meal. 
I'd definitely go back for meals in the future...I've eaten here more times than I care to admit to.  Consistently good food at a great price.Great place nearby for Pho or other authentic Vietnamese cuisine. Out of the other restaurants around this place that serve Pho and this place has the best.Read the reviews and got the Ba Vi to share among 3 people. We also ordered a bowl of Pho. The Ba Vi was definitely the highlight. It was huge and could have easily fed all three of us. I enjoyed the meatballs and sugarcane shrimp the most. The grapevine meat was mediocre. In the menu, they also have individual vermicelli dishes. If I just order for myself next time, I may order just one of those.
Will definitely be back for more!Very good food here, the price is pretty decent as well.  I mainly come here for the Bo Luc Lac which is excellent ( it's hard to find a good restaurant that actually makes it with watercress).   I was very hard-pressed to find a good restaurant that has this dish on a recent trip to NYC, so I was very delighted when I came back to Philly to have this.
The other dishes such as the pho is really good as well.Our favorite, go-to Vietnamese place in Philly. We've brought many of our out-of-town friends here. Can't go wrong with their broken rice, pho or summer rolls, or beef salad. And they have Thai bubble tea! Large portions, reasonable prices, big, clean dining room.. and you can usually find a spot in their cramped parking lot which adjoins a supermarket.I'm not blown away by Nam Phuong, but maybe I'm not ordering the right things.  I have so far had one of the noodle dishes with seafood and pho tai.  I was really disappointed with the noodle dish because it contained huge nasty chunks of imitation crab instead of the real thing (unacceptable), and the squid included was incredibly tough and rubbery.  The pho was middle of the road, not the best I've had but not bad.  The broth didn't have as much depth, there was not much meat, and the meat provided didn't taste as fresh as some other places in the area.  On the other hand, the restaurant was busy both times I went, so they must be serving SOMETHING delicious.  Someone tell me what it is!  And I can't say I minded my dinner costing only $6.43 tonight.
Overall impression - a place with a too-large menu, causing quality to suffer in some cases, and a place that tries to cut corners for the sake of cost.  I know times is hard, but...imitation crab?  I don't know if I can forgive that.We came here for dinner over the weekend and it was crowded but we were able to get a table. So we ordered the caramelize fish, Chinese water spinach, country beef cubes and grilled pork spring rolls. Wish that the portion of the fish dish was bigger.This place rules. Usually busy but quick. For being enormous, full of weird decor and chandeliers it still has laid back vibe. I only eat vegetarian pho so it is badass that I can get it on Washington Ave, with vegetarian broth, for $7, and they also serve booze. Usually, I get take out but I like to sit down occasionally for a cheap filling meal and a cocktail. They have a huge menu, so I'm sure there's something for everyone but if you're looking for a good place to get cheap pho in an environment that's a little more classy than the other joints in the area this is the spot.The interior is familiar and cozy, with funny wall art, and everyone is so darn NICE.  Just like at my parents' house!
Everything here is tasty and authentic.  One of the few places in the city to get the trio appetizer platter (grilled beef wrapped in grape leaves, shrimp on sugarcane sticks, and vietnamese meatballs) to wrap in DIY rice papers & veggies or various types of congee.  The thit kho or ca kho (pork or fish in a claypot) is bangin, as is any of the crispy noodle dishes.  Lots of vegetarian options too!
Don't come here for pho, it's better at Viet Huong or Pho Hoa.
Bonus: they serve booze on the cheap!Food is really good, I went here and ordered 3 orders of shrimp and chicken summer rolls, two orders of spring rolls, a vermicelli bowl with pork and  a Sapporo, I couldn't believe I finished it all! That's how good they food was, if you get there close to closing they service may not be that good but during the day they are greatThe food is always really good.  And CHEAP.  
But the service is dodgy, even with a cultural adjustment allowing for "authentic" Vietnamese service that assumes diners want to enjoy a leisurely experience.  We play a game called Guess How Long It Will Take To Get a Diet Coke.  (Answer: anywhere from 30 seconds to never)Food was on the bland side, my family and I had the fried shrimp, scallop, and squid. Shrimp was prepared a bit different with the shell still intact. Scallop were small and flavorless. Next up was the Chicken Pho and that was on point. The combination broken rice rice was okay at best. The waiter wasn't knowledgeable and kept telling us we'd be charged extra for something we didn't want. Overall I won't be back when I visit the city of brotherly love.Ok, I am sorry to rain on everyone's parade, but I am just not that impressed with this place or Pho in general. I have had it in the past and didn't really care for it, but I decided to go back to Nam Phuong last weekend. The summer roll was great, and I loved the peanut sauce. But my mission was to love Pho, and I just couldn't. I thought the flank steak would be a safe bet. It came out looking like tripe, in huge sheets. It was pale, gray and rubbery. Meh. The broth was okay, but the star anise is so prevalent, that I found it sort of off-putting. I know ALOT of people who love Pho, and Nam Phuong, but I have to say, give me the hand-drawn noodle house ANY time over Pho. I am quite an adventurous eater, but I am not going to be impressed with food simply because it is cheap and served in large portions.Very authentic Vietnamese restaurant in Philly. Don't go in ordering pho - order more of the authentic dishes - you won't be disappointed. One I would really recommend is the Three Delight. It comes with the rice paper and water for you to make your own rolls. Not to mention the selection of items that you can choose from - fresh leaves and yummy meats. It's fun and good to order with a family.Nam Phuong is reluctantly my go-to place for Vietnamese cuisine in Philly because the food is consistent and there is plenty of seating for large groups. Contrary to what other Yelpers report, I do not find any of the dishes to be extraordinary. 
Their banh cuon (rice roll with minced meat filling) is bland but I'll admit authentic. Growing up next to a Vietnamese supermarket, I had banh cuon for lunch every weekend until a better Chinese supermarket opened up just down the street (What disloyal customers my parents were...). Then my weekend lunches became about dim sum and rice dumplings, but let me stop digressing. What I want to say is that their banh cuon hits the spot. The best way to eat banh cuon is to pick up a roll with a slice of ham, dip in fish sauce, and eat whole. So yums.
Other than the banh cuon, the only other dish that I really like is their refreshing lotus root salad. Everything else that I typically order is just to fill the table for family style. I have tried the pho, vermicelli bowls, broken rice plates, infamous claypot fish, etc...and nothing really stands out. I am still searching for a better family-style Vietnamese restaurant in Philly.Needed a place for a quick bite that served traditional Vietnamese food to cater to my guest's request.
We picked this place and ordered the set lunch consisting of Caramelized fish, veggies and sweet and sour soup with a side of grilled steak.
The fish they used wasn't conventional. Although you can practically use any time of fish, catfish is the primary choice but what they used did't go so well with the recipe. The overall food was ok at it's best but we were hungry.Fast service even though it was packed! Had the summer rolls and pho tai. Complimentary tea was delicious, served right as we were seated.Get the ban vi for two, and the jackfruit smoothies!
--------
That about sums it up for this place. This platter (easily feeds two people, and then some) is THE THING TO GET here. Forget about the pho, forget about the beef with lemongrass... GET THIS!
Tonight, we got a special appetizer called Ban Go, which was pretty awesome as well (a mix of Chinese wide rice noodle, filled with savory ground beef, topped with sliced Vietnamese sausage roll and dried onion flakes; this comes with a crispy cake of fried dough topped with a prawn).
Regarding the supposed "Yelp special":  Ban vi is regularly priced $23.95, so... Where is the so-called discount? (it doesn't help that the managers seemingly know nothing about this special)Love Nam Phuong for their family meal. Great authentic Vietnamese food with reasonable price. It's a little disorganized but overall they are great!Good food. Good prices. Always busy. A fun place to eat at. Great pho and French coffee!Near 'the Italian Market' (9th & Washington St.).   Wanted to try Vietnamese food again and had heart good things about this place.   2-hr non metered street parking around this area.
Had lunch there today.  Comfortable decor and tables full of local Asians and others.  The menu has something for everyone....lotsa choices!   The spring rolls were the best.  The wonton soup (VERY tasty!) had 4 large shrimp in it (surprise) and was sharable.
Service is QUICK!  You might want to order the 1st courses, eat part of it and then order the rest to keep from getting all your food around the same time.
The portions are large and definitely sharable.  We enjoyed the new flavors, prompt service and will go back with friends that love Vietnamese food!I was recently asked (by a semi - stranger, no less) what my favorite go - to restaurant was in Philadelphia. Now, clearly  there are a ton of options - but I find myself always coming back to one place: Nam Phuong. 
It  is probably the most consistently delicious and has the most attentive waitstaff and I will default to them every time. Especially on Sundays after a long weekend of filling my body with them alcohol toxins. 
​So you walk in. And I'm telling you right now, it's most likely crowded. I have been to this place MANY TIMES at RANDOM TIMES during the day - it is ALWAYS popping. However, this place can turn tables faster than you can imagine - it's quite incredible. I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes for a table. 
You get seated and presented with an insanely long menu. Pro Tip: Order by the numbers because you most likely won't be able to pronounce anything. Pro Tip #2 I usually order by looking around to see what everybody else is eating and then ask about it when the waiter comes. They are excellent at explaining what different dishes are, I'm sure they do it all the time. But bottom line - everything here is good & try it all!  If you want a fabulous meal, I'd recommend: 121, 164, 170 and a rainbow ice. Trust me ;) 
Oh, and you will have about 5 or 6 different waiters by the time you end your meal. There are so many and you just flag one of them down when you need something. They move fast though! 
The Food. So excellent.  Every time. I eat it so much it's to the point where my body craves it - I can imagine this is what being addicted to drugs is like. Try everything! 
The Service. Ever since the New Year - the service has been impeccable. Maybe it's their new year's resolution. But they move fast and get you whatever you need fast. They practically run around and attend to every table - and like mentioned before, you'll have 5 or 6 different people helping you out. Your food comes out very quickly as well - you could be in and out in under 30 minutes if you wanted to be.
The Atmosphere. Casual and large. Brightly lit with. lovely themed decor. They have room for your large parties of 10 + as well as your more intimate parties. P.S there's a bar.
The Recommendation. Your casual Sunday night dinner where you can roll up in yoga pants and hoodie and eat and eat and eat until you can't anymore. There is no judgement here. Bring your most comfortable pants and some good company. Enjoy.Sub-par everything.  There's much better Vietnamese food in south philly.  As a matter of fact, there's much better Vietnamese food in the same strip mall.   
Floors are dirty too.This place is a hit or miss for me. Luckily the last time it was a hit or close to. My party and I finished our dishes so that speaks for itself. The service per usual was mediocre but I am use to it by now since moving to the area. I'm still looking for my go to Vietnamese restaurant when I don't want to cook at home. This is still one of the better ones I've been to but it's a bit of a hike for me.Delicious pho at an affordable price (8.50). The dish had five different kinds of meat in there, and the broth was ideal. I'm docking them a bit because their bathroom wasn't fully working. But I would love to go have their pho again.Stop here once each year for lunch while dropping my daughter off to Rock School for Dance just up the street - the menu is huge, plenty of tofu dishes, had chicken with ginger and onions - great, tofu in Lemongrass sauce - great.  Lot's of asians - very few occidentals - makes me feel like I've stumbled into a real locals' place - wait staff is generally fast and responsive - prices are cheap!
Next time - ooh, do I try another Vietnamese restaurant in the neighborhood or come back to Nam Phuong?  Decisions. Decisions.Great pho at great price. A family favorite for years.  Courteous, fast service, takes credit cards, easy parking. Really, what's not to like?Horrible food. These reviewers must be from out of town. And for the food critics, well I guess they were paid off. I had spare ribs with rice, and it seemed the ribs were sitting for many days before they were served to me. My friends did not finish the pho and house chicken. As noted by my friend, no one inquired why we didnt finish our food.My first time here was during my second year in college and I fell in love!
The food is authentic Vietnamese; from their bun bo hue, pho ga, bun rieu, to their rice dishes, everything is delish and divine! If you go during the spring season, they have sugar cane drinks (something you will not find at other Vietnamese places), and that alone is worth the trip.
I also adore their appetizer! I don't know what else I can say, great food, I mean it's good enough for people to have their weddings there. Don't order their Pho, it's not that great...it's blah  actually.
Service wise, it is good but during Saturdays and Sundays, you might have to wait for about twenty minutes. Warning though, parking is a pain in the *beep* during the weekends. If you're want a place with ambiance, this isn't the place. It's typical Vietnamese setting, nothing fancy. You come, you eat, you pay and leave. That's all folks.
So if you're in south Philly and want Vietnamese, come here, don't go next door, food can't compare!Great authentic spot for some great Vietnamese dishes.
I ordered my favorites 
102: Summer Rolls w/ Shrimp and Pork/Chicken (2)
163: Pho w/ Slices of Eye-Round Steak and Beef Balls
I might pass on the beef balls next time but all in all my meal was just what I was looking for. Nam Phuong isn't trying to be anything its not.  It's authentic Vietnamese dishes with no frills. 
This is perfect cold weather food, warm you up and cure you when you're sick food... and cheap cheap good eats.Very good food at a decent price with great service in a friendly environment -- always packed but never much of a wait. Good spot to bring a baby. Quick and with just enough noise to make a few cries no big deal. An old standby.I had the egg rolls, spring rolls, grapes leafs, lotus root salad, broken rice with pork chop, mango smoothie. Yes, I eat it all and food and service was great.Big, lively restaurant serving authentic, yummy grub. Only been here once but everything I tried was really good. The food came out in a timely manner and service was on point.Have only eaten here once,  so possibly a fluke,  but food ranging from mediocre to very poor,  joined by decent service and dismal atmosphere,  made for a forgettable dining experience. There are too many outstanding Vietnamese locations nearby to come here.A year ago I would have said this is the best Vietnamese food ever, that no other restaurant even came close.  I went 2 nights ago for dinner and it's just different.  I guess they did some renovations to make it a little nicer, but they've given up on the food. I ordered the family dinner for 4 and everything tasted similar... but just not the same.  It's like they are using the same recipes but a different chef? The lotus salad was really wet and the shrimp crackers over-fried.  The clams were a tad bigger but really difficult to remove the meat from the shell and less flavorful.  Fish in the claypot was kinda similar, except blander in taste and no sauce, just a lot of oil (I used to like to scoop the sauce and eat it with my rice). Shaken beef was pretty much the same (very good).  Sweet & Sour Fish soup was similar but wayyyy too much mint garnish on top.  Che ba mau (3 colored bean and coconut milk dessert) was just horrible (for some reason mine looked different than another diner's... his looked like they used coconut milk and mine looked and tasted like they used half & half). Sad to see this place go downhill like this... I used to recommend this place to all of my friends but Mekong and Le Viet are definitely way better and way nicer at similar prices.My favorite Vietnamese spot in Philly.  They have a huge selection of food and restaurant is pretty large to accommodate big parties except for the terrible parking lot where it's always hard to find a spot.  Once you get in, I recommend the vermicelli bowls with pork, the bo luc lac, pho  or any of the chef specials.  Prices are reasonable too so I always eat well and leave happy.This place serves up a mean house special vermicelli (grilled beef, shrimp, spring roll, meatballs, chicken). The spring rolls are big, greasy and delicious. We get the BBQ pork rolls every time. Hot tea is free. Oh, don't forget to look for the specials board- it's always something I see after I order the same ol' thing...
They're quick to take your order but not so quick to bring you your check, despite there being 10 people working the floor! 
Special Note: Parking on 11th Street or the plaza is free.I had heard such good things!  I walked in and, unfortunately, the place smelled like body odor.  Badly.  Service was ok.  Food left much to be desired.  The tea tasted like warm Philly tapwater.  I ordered vegetarian springrolls as an appetizer.  They tasted very ricey, not very veggie filled.    I also ordered the chicken with lemongrass, curry and coconut.  I tasted no lemongrass, no coconut - lots of heat!  My friend who was with me ordered the same, but with shrimp (a dish she'd ordered from Nam Phuong many times before) and had to send it back because it too was too spicy.
Upside, they are open later than most Viet places on Washington Ave and they do serve beer.  I won't be returning though.Our family enjoys going and will continue despite flaws.
Great service, but blah atmosphere.
Mostly dependable food with yummy summer rolls, crab asparagus soup, and the Pho is good, but inconsistent on quality of cooking (uncleaned shrimp, incorrect orders and such).  
I recommend avoiding their versions of Chinese food.I really like the tofu lemon grass & the eggplant dish here... Would definitely like to come back, to try out some more dishes... yummy!Was there a change in owner or chef because our usuals were definitely​ different from the many times we came. It's not extremely​ bad of a change but instead disappointing. 
When the Ba Vi ("three delight" on the menu) came out with the usual meats, it was the same quantity​ but in smaller portions. Fortunately,​ our favorite dish still tasted delicious​. 
The bo luc lac "shaken beef" came out covered in a sweet sauce. The lime sauce served is supposed​ to cut the greasiness and add depth to the beef flavor. But instead, all you taste is the sweet thick sauce. It also didn't help that the restaurant​ cheated by adding more watercress and less meat. 
The service was amazing as usual but it was nostalgically sad​ to see these changes. I hope it stays one of those places that are​ popular with tourists and the local Vietnamese community.You want Pho? Well, this is the place to come. Probably one of the most popular Viet food experience in Philly that is authentic and affordable. During the cold  months, I find myself dining here multiple times per week. They are fast, delicious and reliable quality when it comes to Pho. Other dishes are just as wonderful so if you're not feeling soupy today, explore the menu. It can get a little crowded but the wait is worth it. One advice, order using the number because there's a small chance that they'll come out with a totally different dish than what you wanted.Delicious. Great to eat in or carry out.  Serves alcohol.I love to eat rice, if rice was good when others dishes was terrible, i'm still happy. However, their white rice was terrible. Dried like old rice that was cooked the day before. 
We ordered 2 people meal: spring rolls were good, the rest was average. And They forgot to bring us desserts. 
Average Vietnamese food. I don't know why they got a lot compliments, even from Vietnamese. Maybe I should try different dishes. Or Maybe I used to have good Viet food back when I lived in Southern California that nothing could not compare. am still looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant in town. Any suggestion, everyone?When considering a restaurant to have authentic Vietnamese food,  Nam Phuong is my go to.  I've been coming here for years and the food is always fresh and delicious.  Below is a handful of dishes I've tried and loved.  
The Papaya salad with beef jerky is hands down THE BEST in the city.  The beef jerky is tender and not rock hard like most.  The shredded papaya has a nice crunch, so you know it's fresh.  Plus, the sauce/dressing on the side ties it all together for a wonderful umami flavor.  I'm drooling right now just thinking about it. The claypot fish is flavorful and melts in your mouth like butter.  The Bo Luc Lac (Country Style Beef Cubes) are also a must try.  Tender pieces of beef with watercress with a lemon, salt and pepper dipping sauce.  Their Banh Canh Cua (Needle Noodle Soup with Crabmeat) is a great meal to curb your hunger.  Chewy noodles with a thick broth made with crabmeat...yum.  Favortie soup hands down is the Sweet and Sour Fish soup.  Tender and huge pieces of fish with pineapple, celery, bean sprouts, tomato and an asian vegetable I don't know the name of, but tastes great in the soup as well.  The pineapple adds a wonderful sweet note to the sourness of the soup.  As always, you cannot go wrong with their Pho, summer rolls and spring rolls.
They've also added a wide selection of new drinks to the menu.  I'm all for trying new things so I'll definitely be sampling their different varieties.  So far I've tried the black tea with lychee jelly and it was sweet and very refreshing.  
Service is quick and attentive. Food is impeccable and never disappoints.Great dinner tonight. Fish with veg in hot pot awesome. Thin sweet and sour chicken soup great per. Hubby. And excellent vegetarian 256 noodles with tofu and veg, just needed a bit of salt. And plenty to take home after three of us eating tons! Really great. Nice service, waters refilled many times without asking. Will be backA cautionary tale for any thinking of doing take out: 
If you're home sick recovering from a particularly nasty cold (not swine flu) and your hubby gets take out pho from Nam Phuong for you, and you happen to really like housin sauce in said pho... look first, before you dump the take out container of sauce into your soup. Because there may just be sriracha in that housin sauce, and you may not notice until you've slopped a big mouthful of noodles in your mouth. And you may then feel like your face has blown off... but your stuffy nose might just be cleared =P
Still my favorite place for pho, perfect place for a damn-i-don't-feel-like-cooking lets-a-cheap-dinner night. I just specifically ask for sriracha-free housin now. Live and learn.Dear Nam Phuong:
I love you... or I guess I should say loved you. For a good two years, I swore by your place & raved about it to other people. But suddenly, it has come to a screeching halt.
Last time, I had a rock in one of my spring rolls. Yes, a ROCK. Not a tiny one either. And tonight, you forgot my peanut sauce and meatballs (which made up half the dish I ordered).
You do have quick takeout service, but the dine-in service is a little slow. Your guy behind the counter is so amazingly sweet (he let me use my credit card without realizing there is a $15 minimum needed).
PLEASE make me come back & bump you up another star (or even two!) because I want to love you so much again. I will give you another chance... but only one. Then I will start going back to Vietnam in Center City.I had lunch here with a group of 14 people and the service was so fast and friendly! 
Without a reservation they were ready to seat us in just a few minutes after we walked in. This was my first time to a Vietnamese Restaurant so I didn't know what to expect but I'm glad that someone from our large party took the lead and ordered a lot of food for us to all share for the table.  We split the bill 14 ways it was only $12 for lunch and I ate a lot. 
We started with shrimp spring rolls that were served with peanut sauce. These are very fresh and the wrap was made of a light think layer of rice. The peanut sauce was the best thing that I tasted at this restaurant. It is seriously so good that they should consider putting it in jars and selling it for people to enjoy at home! These light spring rolls were a great way to start the meal. Then to finish the meal we had two kinds of soups - Pho with beef and sweet and sour with shrimp.  It was perfect for the chilly spring day. Everything I tried was very tasty. 
I will def. be back next time I'm in the neighborhood.Possible the best Vietnamese food in Philadelphia!  Also great service! I still have so many more dishes to try, everything is very tasty.Favorite Vietnamese place to get an inexpensive meal of my favorite Vietnamese foods.  It is located in a shopping center that can be difficult to park.  But well worth it as a little gem on Washington Ave.  I am a fan of Nam Nuong Dish and suggest that if you go.We have been coming here for over 3 years now. 
What have always gotten the Well Done Beef Brisket Pho which is exceptional and the Fresh Basil Rolls. You can't go wrong with any of these two options. We jump between a lot of entrees but our favorites seem to be "Shaken Beef/Chicken" or the Beef Vermicelli. The customer service is great however it will lack during busy times. Wether it be not refilling water to not taking your initial order for awhile. The food here is great - we have scoured Buford Highway looking for a good combo of pho and entrees. Usually you'll find one or the other, but Nam Phuong is great for both.great food and very attentive service.  my favorites are the summer rolls, vermicelli bowls, and papaya salads.They have an excellent selection of vegetarian options. Most recently I got the vegetaian summer rolls and the lemongrass mixed tofu and vegetables. It was delicious!Well I have finally made the trek all the way to Nam Phuong's in Bella Vista. It is hidden along the back corner of the Vietnamese strip mall on 11th and Washington. Inside, Nam Phuong's looks like your pretty basic Asian restaurant, pink tiled floors, lots of red, waiters in vests, ect... Overall, the atmosphere is very laid back and very enjoyable. The menu is quite large (probably well over a hundred items), but honestly you only need to look at the pho.
I ordered the basic steak pho. I have had a lot of pho that just seems like they dumped a whole shaker of salt in, but this was pretty spot on. The meat was nice and thinly sliced along with perfectly cooked noodles. There are plenty of sides to add on such as beans, basil leaves, a few different kinds of chili oils, and my personal favorite Siracha! 
I loved Nam Phuong's, I certainly recommend it! Just great simple pho, that is all there is to it.I've eatin at Nam Phuong's numerous times. The food is always good. I've had almost everything on the menu and never had a complaint. The price is fair. The food is authentic and good. The only thing is the waiters sometime do forget your order. But it's always resolved and the dish always comes out later. Good Vietnamese food.I first visited Nam Phuong back in 2007, but after a recent visit finally decided to write a review.
Located in a plaza of Vietnamese and Asian businesses, Nam Phuong is serving up solid, cheap Vietnamese food. I've had pho, bun, and various rice dishes and everything was tasty. 
This is a great place for big families (which is why you see so many Vietnamese families on the weekend), groups, etc. I've brought many people here- service is quick, food is good, prices are low.
There are some reports that Nam Phuong has slipped over the years, but I can say that after nearly 10 years it's basically the same as ever. Recommended!We ate here few times in the past and foods were consistency good; so this time we ordered for family party. We order Shaking beef with water crest, salty fried rice, seafood noodle, beef wrapped in grape leaf. It was very disappointed, shaking beef was over cook tough to eat, salty fried was not tasty at all (NOT even close to what Tai Lake restaurant has). Seafood noodle was too bland and the beef wrapped in grape leaf was too dry. We would NEVER order for take out again.Located in the Vietnamese section of Philly, in a Vietnamese strip mall.
Went with a Vietnamese friend who went to school in Philly.
She claims that this is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Philly and who am I to argue. 
The restaurant is large. We arrived early at 5:30 and when we left the place was packed with a line at the door.
With an inexpensive price per entree, it's a great place to order a bunch of entrees to share and experience different flavors. 
Food and service was very good and you can't beat the value.Environment: Not the greatest but it is very spacious, very accommodating (even for large parties), and quick to get a table without reservation.
Service: Very quick to take your order, food comes out relatively quickly (less than 10 minutes easily).
Food: Wow, this place is impressive. NOT because of the pho. This place is impressive with their more authentic Vietnamese dishes like the dry-pot fish, shaking beef (bo luc lac), and exotic dishes that you would seldom find in other Vietnamese restaurants (Duck soup with bamboo shoots). I can assure you, most of the "exotic" things on the menu e.g. bamboo shoot soup IS DELICIOUS. This place does an excellent job providing a decent quality for home-cooked Vietnamese food you probably won't find anywhere else in the city.
Price: For large groups, you can probably get away with paying ~$18 to stuff your stomach with a multi-course meal. For individual orders, expect the standard $9-15 after tip (depending on what you get).My fave viet Resturant to go! Everything is delicious. My fave is shaking beef and raw beef platter! Great service tooPho with a deep herby broth and oh so al dente rice noodles and good beef balls.  Not mushy broken rice with grilled pork chops with nice carmelization  so tender and moist, runny fried egg (extra) and crispy pickled tart veggies.  Green staff spills water on spouse, lots of apologies, but no comp.  Had to call waiter over to order and get check. Could have been perfection. Still: Opens mind to possibilities of great Viet cuisine.excellent food, fast service! beef stew is so wonderful. vegan options as well. all meals come with a pot of hot tea. great place for groups... usually lots of families sharing large dinner dishesThe best Vietnamese food I have ever eaten. It made me so happy!
You have to look around and see what everyone else is eating. They have make your own Nim Chow, or fresh rolls. In Vietnamese it is called Banh Hoi. They bring the rice wrappers and hot water to your table and a plate of vermicelli and lettuce and herbs and pickled carrots and diakon. We ordered it with ground beef. The ground beef came rolled up in leaves like Greek stuffed grape leaves. They were divine. You dip your rice wrapper in the water, put it on your plate, fill it accordingly, dip and eat.  Additionally we got a Vietnamese vegetarian crepe to share. I had tea and my lunch mate had Vietnamese coffee (individual drip coffee with condensed milk). The staff was warm and pleasant and helpful as we were the only non Asians in the place.
I can not wait to return and eat my way through the menu. What a find!
After lunch we went across the parking lot to the Vietnamese grocery store to buy the ingredients to attempt to make the Banh Hoi at home. There the stock boy and some Vietnamese grandmas all helped up figure out what to buy. We had a great time!One of my favorite Vietnamese place to eat.  Love the fact that they have a full bar inside and they also accept credit/debit cards.
I have tried their pho, spring rolls, fresh summer rolls, stewed fish in a clay pot, beef salad with lime juice, hot and sour soup with shrimp and many more.  Each dish has not disappointed me.  They were all very delicious.Ok this place is really cheap. Casual dinner for 4 is around $40-$50, are you kidding me!? Sometimes I wonder how they make money considering everything is going up in prices. Anyway it's not my problem.
If I were to rate Nam Phuong in term of prices, I would rate 5 stars along with Checkers ($3 for 2 double chili cheese burger!? You can't beat that).
BUT I prefer to rate on the basis of their food, and on that basis I give them 3. And I tell you why I give them a 3.  Their Pho, Hu Tieu, or other noodle soups here suck!?  If you in a mood for a quick eat don't go here. Dinner dishes is where this place shines. My favorite are the fried fish and sour soup. They also offer a variety of vegetarian dishes which is nice.
On other note, I recently heard that they change ownership, their owner who was also their head chef is no longer there. This could be a good thing or a bad thing, not really sure. I do know that they will increase the price slightly though.What a great place. We are so fortunate to have a variety of food in this city, and Nam Phuong is one of the great treasures in that category.
The menu is extensive so we were able to take clients there knowing we could all find something we would like.  The service was quick and easy. The waiter was knowledgeable and helpful. Parking is tight but we borrowed a spot from a close business nearby.  
If you want good vietnamese food or if you want to learn more about vietnamese food, this is a good place to go.This is by far the best Vietnamese food I have ever had! First we ordered the vietnamese steam rice rolls (banh cuon) as an appetizer. For main dishes, we ordered pho (pho tai sach), and vietnamese shaking beef (bo luc lac). I highly suggest you order these dishes if you've never tried vietnamese food before or are overwhelmed by the menu. These 3 dishes were more than enough for 2 people and we had leftovers to take home.
The pho comes in a HUGE bowl, with a generous amount of beef that's cooked medium-rare. You can put it under your noodles if you want it to cook the meat more. You can add basil or bean sprouts and cilantro to your pho by letting it cook under the noodles. Best pho I've ever had! The soup broth taste is spot on and the beef is so tender and the noodles are delicious.
As for the shaking beef dish, it too comes with a generous amount of beef that's served on a bed of watercress and a couple of tomato slices. The beef was so juicy and I loved the sauce that's paired with it. It also comes with a huge mountain of rice. Most asian restaurants I've been to are quite stingy on the amount of rice they give you or even charge you extra for rice, but here, they give you enough rice to share with another person.
We also ordered iced coffee for the long drive home and it's seriously like jet fuel. It's some powerful coffee, if you need a wake me up! But don't worry, it doesn't taste like fuel. It's creamy, not too sweet and quite refreshing on a hot, summer day. I can't wait to go back here on our next trip to philly!5 stars for the Bun Bo Hue. I didn't try anything else.
It's very difficult to have delicious, authentic tasting (whatever that might mean to you) Bun Bo Hue. This is my one of my favorite places in all of the country (the other one is in shockingly in St. Louis, the other in Westminster, CA) for BBH, oh that looks so cool!
When it has blood, I know I'll like it!Large Vietnamese / Chinese restaurant along Washington, this place has two entrances, one from the plaza, another from 11th.
The eggplant - tasty, and garlic sauce wasn't bad at all. The duck shredded in noodle soup - skip it. The special pho was okay, although lacked much flavor in the broth. The Chinese water spinach with garlic was good, albeit everything was really oily...I eat here from time to time. Service is amazing and the food is fresh whenever I order in or take out. They have a lengthy menu so you have a variety of food to choose from. 
Very affordable and highly recommended.Authentic Vietnamese cuisine.  
Definitely will order the following when I am back....
Ba Vi (Three Delight) as appetizer ($27) to share for a large group.  The kids love to dip the rice wrapper in water to soften.
Bo Luc Lac (beef cubes) - $12
Che Ba Mau (tri-color ice) as dessert - $3.25
Singha beer - $3.5
Da Chanh (limeade) -$3.25The two items I ordered was the wonton soup and rice and pork chops. The wonton soup was amazing! There was so much flavor. It was a good ratio between noodles and the broth. The rice on the other hand was dreadful. It tasted like play-doh with pork chops. The tomatoes did not seem fresh and overall, was a horrible dish. The servers weren't that friendly and looked like they hated their jobs. On a normal day, the restaurant looks professional and clean. Today however, there were so many flys and other unwanted pests. But will I go back? I'm hesitant. Would I recommend it? Probably not.My third time at Nam Phuong, and the first disappointing one. Ordered the canh with fish and the pho. The canh was ok but a bit heavy on the fish sauce. The pho was awful: overcooked noodles, little broth, watered down-like the pot was nearly empty so they had to add filler.
We got there at 9 (it closes at 10) and the staff were busy closing down the place, talking on their cellphones, etc. The table next to us was complaining that the staff were closing up around them.
I'd definitely go back, but consistency is important.i'm in love. i've been to a lot of vietnamese restaurants in this city which most are the same pho, summer rolls, broken rice but this place has a wide variety of stuff and it's very affordable, plus free parking when you can find it!. It's hard to tell the difference between places but I think if you want to try new stuff and have authentic vietnamese food this is the place to go! I'm definitely going back and trying their other vietnamese items. The service is pretty decent for asian places (we're not known for our politeness).This is definitely one of the better pho places in Philly, and a high value because of the low price point. For that, I'd go again. However, I do think that there is better out there, and I might even attempt to make some at home because of this. I like pho 75 slightly better only because it's closer to where I live, and they're comparable in my eyes. The meat at Nam Phuong is not as tender and fresh as it needs to be to become a perfect bowl of soup. I'll come back if I'm in the area again!Went here on a Sunday for lunch and was seated very quickly. Although, finding parking was a mighty challenge. The wait staff was attentive and quick. The food here is authentic and delicious. For an appetizer, we ordered what amounted to a fried crepe. It was stuffed with bean sprouts, pork, and shrimp. For my entree I ordered a rice combo with char boiled pork and shrimp in a bean paper blanked. Both were very delicious. They were full of flavor and vey savory. The meat was cooked to the right tenderness and wasn't tough to eat. Truly a delicacy. The pricing was also very reasonable and a great value. The noodles here are also very good. The broth is very flavorful. The texture of the noodles are perfect and the toppings plentiful.This is not only my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Philly, it's my favorite outside of Houston. Heck, it's up there with my Houston favorites. 
Everything in incredibly fresh - the salads are divine, and the spring rolls wrapped in lettuce leaves are crispy, slightly spicy and addictive. They have an extensive menu, and almost everything I've tried has ranged from very good to awesome. There are a few straight forward stir-fries on the menu that while good, are not as exciting as their other offerings, but most dishes are home runs. Their family meals are a great value, and showcase some stand-out dishes - their sweet and sour fish soup has a great balance of flavors, and their clay pot fish is like buttah. 
I forgot to order he "Three Delight" Ba Vi, and now I'm fantasizing about it. It's a perverse amount of meat, but it's crazy good, and a great excuse to bring a group of friends down to Washington Avenue.I came at 9 pm n ordered curry seafood, n two more dishes. The food was coming so fast. But at 11 pm , I was vomiting numerous times n dehydrated.
Don't come to this placeI've been here about 5 times both alone and with friends. I usually get the Pho and BBQ pork rolls which are top notch. Once I got some kind of duck and I was thoroughly disappointed. The duck had a good taste, but it was a microscopic portion. It was more like a garnish than an entree.
The service is great there are plenty of waiters to go around. They're not exclusive to any one table either. The first time I used the bathroom it was disgusting... somebody was in there DOING SOME DAMAGE WHEWF! But when I went back last time it had been FULLY renovated and I was impressed. Smells comes and go, but it looks MUCH cleaner now.
I don't care much for the seating... I think they need some booths. It's just wall to wall tables. It can really get packed too. It's a great place for a group, but I wouldn't want to eat there solo like I did the one time unless it's off peak hours. It felt too much like a cafeteria at that point. The ambiance is interesting though. It's a step up from a cafeteria, but not quite the restaurant it COULD BE. The menu is extensive, I really should experiment more, but I hey I like Pho. My friend usually gets the vermicelli and he's always satisfied. 
Nam Phuong actually came at the recommendation of a professor. Oh and prices are great! They do piss me off with that $15 EFT minimum.Our first time here I would have given it four stars but this second visit only gets three. The pork vermicelli wraps were excellent. The spring rolls were not great, pad Thai with shrimp was pretty good, but the crispy noodles with seafood was unremarkable, with too much squid and I'm pretty sure the crabmeat was fake or in any case seemed it. The service was efficient, although they took a long time to bring the drinks and the food came quickly after that.My girlfriends and I were here on Wednesday 11/15/17 at 11am. We ordered Crab Meat And Asparagus Soup + Ba V. The soups was bad with sour taste, we send it back to the kitchen. I ordered another soup Crab meat with noodles (Bánh Canh Cua), same thing broth is already gone bad. I continue on the Ba V plate, the coconut shrimp ball on sugar cane is ok, but the grill pork meatballs and the beef wrap is leaves were bad too. "Oh my god" that was go on in my head. How can you serving the public with that food is not well maintaining. The 2 soups were bad, now the plate with 3 types of grill is 2 out 3 is also bad ‍. I am very concern of the health for the public those who step in the door  of this restaurant. 80% failure in food 
A man walked over to us. He started out a loud conversation with us 3, he pointed at the Ba V place and said that "Your taste sour because of the Ba V dipping sauce! We had been serving the 2 soups to about 10 people nobody complained" He continued on back and forward with my girlfriend for 5 minutes, I stopped my girlfriends and that man. I said to him "If you pointed the finger to the Ba V, I am telling you right now. I tasted each individual soup before I have the Ba V." Then he stop and started again "I just have to let you know our soups were good." And he walked away. I said "My appetite is ruining. I am going to pay and have few words with the owner of this place even he is the owner I am not afraid of facing him." I asked to pay and told him " I need to have few words with you." Right away, he started "Well the soups, we have 10 people tasted it when they were return to the kitchen. None of us tasted it bad." Right on he had no intention to listen. I started "You guys serving your customers very poorly. We were nicely to ask and send the soups to the kitchen quietly. But you guys come back and address to us loudly in a very impolite manner and bad attitude." Then a woman from their staff started recording, I told her as pointed to the camera "Auntie, I know you are filming. So please record this clearly" He than told me "You have to listen to me." I told him "No I am no willing or have to listen to you. I am your customer and bring business in your door. This is how I got treated." He told me "If you have issue you address to the manager not that man." I told him "How could I know who is the manager? That man walked up to our table and blunt out insulting us and disturbing our meal. We come in here and eat with no intention to EAT FOR FREE. So no one in your staffs have the right to treat us that way." He then told me "I am the manager. I am the one in charge." I said to him with a laughter in my voice  ‍"How can I know? I don't work here! Your restaurant need to improve on your customer service." He told me "Sign the credits card receipt and Stop talking."
Remember the man that walked over to our table, while I was having that unpleasant conversation with the man at the counter, he came over and continue on harassing my 2 girlfriends and told them how wrongly we were, they were at no fault. So my girlfriend told him "Let me call the Food Health Inspection to come in and tested the food." Guess what he said to her "I challenge you!"  100% failed in customer service 
That gave them the score of complete 10 out of 100. More like -90 point over all.
Huhmmm now you get the story of my worse experience in a restaurant. I hope you all need to be careful for your health concern.Go for the Pho, stay for the adorable asian children that are always there.
They also have a full bar and decently priced drinks. 
Around Chinese New Year, you may be lucky and get a free awesome asian calendar.
Extensive menu.
Recently tried something new: the Ba Vi Platter: it involved tiny rice wrappers (with your own soaking station), sausages, shrimp, noodles, veggies (carrots, cukes, radish, mint, lemongrass, basil), and little lemongrass leave wrapped beef clusters and it was SO GOOD. huge though. it says to share with two but could have easily fed 3.
Cheap!Very good, consistent place with a lively atmosphere. Good for large groups. Papaya salad with shrimp and peanuts is absolutely excellent. Pho is also very good.One of the best Vietnamese restaurants in Philly.  Extremely large and reasonably priced menu with a wide variety of options. On weekends you can expect a crowd but won't have to wait too long. 
Definitely try some of their grilled meat dishes over rice vermicelli (grape leaves with ground beef, charbroiled pork and lemongrass chicken). It's a huge bowl with fresh vegetables, rice vermicelli and tasty protein. There's also parking on the street or in the adjacent lot.I strayed away from the pho and finally see what all the rave is about! Hu tieu do bien (seafood vermicelli) was awesome and hit the spot as I was recuperating from a stomach virus. It was a nice big soupy bowl of rice noodle topped with shrimp, imitation crab and a piece of scallop that felt like a hidden piece of treasure upon discovery. Loved that it was super hot and came with a fresh plate of bean sprouts for me to fold into the soup (I always do this right away to get the perfect cooked bean sprout texture). I'll add the jalapeno's and lime next time for sure once my stomach can handle it. BF's plate was also really delicious looking. Can't wait to come back and try the other dishes recommended by fellow yelpers.
And yes, the service is incredible for a Vietnamese restaurant. I never comment on service when reviewing Viet restaurants because it's just not worth mentioning (it's all about efficiency) but these guys are attentive, hardworking, and thoughtful. Love their humble service and hardworking ethic for such a popular restaurant. 
This place is a great spot for groups, too! We were surrounded by birthdays and large family gatherings.I came here with high expectations, being in S
 Philly, but definitely not the best Vietnamese restaurant I've been to. I ordered the beef and Chinese broccoli which was very bland. My family had the pho and bun which were also so-so. The broth was ok but I've had better. Wouldn't purposely make the trip down to eat pho here. The interior was very clean and service was great though! Maybe I'll give it another try sometime.This place never ever disappoints! My daughter and I always get the special fish with vegetables in a hot pot. Delicious and stays hot for a long time, which is how long it takes to finish. So much! So good!
Husband has chicken with rice noodles, not a bit left to take home....
Nice strong Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk.Parents were in town and Mom requested pho.  I brought the folks to Nam Phuong and we ordered a bowl. Mom was happy. Noticing some of my favorite street food dishes from Hanoi on the menu, I decided to order a few other things. I have been nervous to order these dishes in Philly, thinking they couldn't even come close to the source. 
Bánh cun is a rice flour crepe with meat and mushrooms. I had slippery versions in Hanoi, but really liked the filling at Nam Phuong. It came with a sprinkling of shallots mung bean salad, slices of meat roll, and one banh khot- or what I like to call, shrimp cupcake. 
Parents had strong Vietnamese coffee, I had a Manhattan- a weird choice at a Vietnamese place perhaps, but with a request to make it not sweet, it wasn't terrible!
On the board of special, dad ordered wok fried salt and pepper soft shell crab. Nobody complained; the battered and fried pieces were splashed with a tangy shallot sauce.
Bun cha is also all over Hanoi, it is a grilled pork and noodle dish served with lettuce, basil, and nuoc cham/dipping sauce. We all liked the fatty, but not too fatty slices of pork. The broth holding  the pork was not as oily as what I ate in Hanoi, though I can't decide if that's a good or bad thing.  My only disappointment was that the plate did not come with spring rolls, as it always did in Hanoi. I wanted some crunch.
Lesson: don't be afraid to go beyond pho!I heart you Nam Phuong.  No doubt, this is the best Vietnamese food that I've had.  My recent visit to Philly led me back to this delicious happiness.   
While the location or the appearance of the restaurant may not scream 5 stars, let the food speak for the restaurant.
I went with my usual and ordered pho, beef cubes, and lotus salad with shrimp crackers.   Pho is always delicious with great flavor in the soup base.  Beef cubes dish is a must!  it's beef cubes with some kind of sprouts, served with lemon based sauce.  Lotus salad (which has shrimp and pork) is served cold with shrimp crackers, and is a great addition to somewhat fatty dishes that I ordered.
 I always feel like vietnamese food is loaded with sodium.  But I find myself with less need for a full glass of water in the middle of the night.Always great reliable food. This has been our go-to Vietnamese restaurant for years. 
It's a big place, often crowded. Service is fine, but don't expect friendly cuddling from attentive waiters - this is a bit of a factory operation.Best pho in Philly! Super fast service, great prices. Tons of space, you can always get seated right away.This place is amazing! The food tasted great especially their Goi Ngo Sen and the Jelly Fish dish. It is very crowded during the weekend but sure worth the wait.This used to be my go-to pho place. Honestly I'm always between Viet Huong and here. I think thr pice difference is like.. 50 cents.
I came a few days ago, 18 minutes before closing. I hadn't eaten since noon, so I was about to die ..
+1 star alone for serving my boyfriend and i , 18 minutes before closing! Thank you for that, super appreciate it.
My pho was delicious, on point and served quickly. My boyfriend's broken rice was great, he loved it. He just wanted someone to cut it into little pieces.. but that's bc he's a baby haha.
Thanks again guys! will not be forgottenFour of us, semi-regulars at NP for the last 5 years or so.  Had four different dishes, no complaints from anyone.  My seafood soup (for 2) was delish, just wish NP had relaxed enough to serve crispy noodles or similar with the soup. (They started to chinese-ify a couple of years ago.)  Also had Pad Thai, huge portion, nicely spiced and delish as well.  Had to take half+ of the Pad Thai home.  Wife had summer rolls and wonton soup (for 2), we took some of the soup home as well.  Good lunches for both of us tomorrow.  Singha beer hit the spot.  Tuesday is a good day to go: good parking and dining room not crowded.  This is a nice place.Best Pho in town!  Great for large groups and friendly service.  You don't go for the atmosphere but the people are nice and the food is consistent and always delicious.  I always order Pho #162, the summer rolls, and the triple delight.  Building the rolls with the triple delight was especially fun for my friends and I.  You cannot beat the price either!  The roasted quail was delicious too!Food is reliable and affordable. We usually order the beef wrapped in grapeleaves or pho. I have to say that these two are wonderful staples to our trek to Nam Phuong. Even with the other pho restaurants available in the area, the brisket and broth is top notch. 
Go for the food, not the service. They seat you quickly but they try to get you out just as quick!Gigantic Vietnamese restaurant in Philly's so-called Viet-town. So many offerings for very very low prices. I give it 4 stars just because 2 of the 4 dishes that we ordered were slightly lacking.
Ordered a dish that consisted of rice wrappers, vermicelli noodles and beef wrapped in grape leaves. This was by far my favorite dish, I highly recommend this and thinking about it right now makes me feel hungry.
Broken rice w/ pork chop and shrimp curd. I was so curious about what broken rice was that I completely missed the point. It's just bits of rice with pork chop and a tofu-shrimp curd. The rice actually had a slightly different texture, but I probably would not order this again.
My friend ordered lemongrass chicken which I felt lacked lemongrass flavor and seemed more Chinese stir-fry than vVetnamese cooking. Another dish ordered was a pork dish that was tasty, but oily.
Overall, I enjoyed our meal there, especially since it totaled to $35 for 4 people. (I mean, seriously, how often does that happen?) Plus we had enough for leftovers.
Will be back for Pho!I am writing this review after visiting the restaurant for the second time. Interestingly my negative experience preceded the positive one I had today. I was convinced by my friends to give it a second chance, and I am glad I did. 
The first visit was right before Thanks Giving with my family. We were seated in a drafty part of the restaurant, ignored by waitstaff, and our food arrived way after the food of others who ordered after us and who appeared to have had ordered similar dishes. That set aside, the food was decent, except it all came out at different times, which was strange. By the time the rest of my family's food came out mine was cold. That's no fun, especially for someone who works in a restaurant and understands why there is never an excuse for this happening. This experience alone is a 1 or a 2 star event. 
Today, however, my experience was relaxing. I went in alone and was greeted with a pot of delicious herbal tea, which I enjoyed until my Pho special (typical pho with an assortment of beef balls, and various cuts of beef) arrived. All of the accouterment (sprouts, basil, jalepeno, lime wedges) were fresh and allowed me to experiment with the taste throughout the meal. This experience alone is a 4 or 5 star event. 
For me a good bowl of pho is an elixir. I left Nam Phuong rejuvenated today. My advice is to go during off hours in a small group. Long live affordable Vietnamese cuisine!
Cheers!I would call myself a pho connoisseur and the pho dac biet was DELICIOUS. Tender and soft beef tendon, generous amount of tripe, tender beef flank and ribeye, and most importantly...perfectly
flavored broth. The broth was slightly brown, piping hot, perfectly salted, and good amount of oil. Food came out super fast and service was great. I also tried the eggrolls, vermicelli, grilled shrimp, grilled pork...ALL recommended. Will definitely come again!Solid vietnamese food. Pho with extra tendon (if you're feeling frisky) is where it's at. Service is super fast, even when they're at peak capacity. The summer rolls are good, but could use more shrimp. The salt and pepper squid is on point and super fresh (and come with slender slivers of jalapeños, just the right mix).Seriously good stuff here. First time here the three of us ordered the ba vi. It was awesome and the three of us had a hard time finishing it, not bad for $25. We also ordered a few Pho but it was overkill, we had to take it home. I got the spicy beef Pho and after doctoring it up, I loved it. 
Enjoyed a meal with a Saigon beer, a tasty accompaniment. I will say, their menu is huge so you should be able to find something you like. The place was crowded but my buddy who recommended the joint said it must be "empty" because of the people who left for the shore. It was like 90% full but we didn't have to wait in a line so I'm glad we hit it when we did. 
If you like Viet food, I'd check this spot out.the BEST vietnamese restaurant in philly by far!  the pho is simply delicious.  the broth is wonderful by itself, no need for dressing it up with siracha or hoisin.  the pho ga (chicken) is wonderful as well.  service is very quick, which is always a plus.  spring rolls, summer roles, pineapple salad are all wonderful.  my wife and i do the 1 hour trek just to eat here without hesitation.  pricing is great too, and you get very good quantity as well.The food was decent, however, there is an odd odor in the restaurant that just turned me off a bit. I had the pho dac biet which was really good. Also shared a BBQ pork with broken rice which was also decent. I'd like to go back for the food, but probably wouldn't because of the smell. Disappointed.The Vietnamese food here will change your life. Seriously. You'll sell all of your possessions, shave your head, and chant at random times during the day. The stuff is heaven. 
That being said, the dish to get at Nam Phuong is the Ba Vi Platter ($24).
A large round plate assembled with crisp lettuce leaves, sprigs of mint and basil, along with cool English cucumber slices and thinly sliced, slightly pickled carrots and daikon radish. A bed of vermicelli sat on the other side topped with shrimp mousse grilled on sugarcane(1), house-made pork sausage(2) and a bundle of ground beef wrapped in grape leaves, then grilled(3). Absolutely delish.
The pho, bun bo hue, goi cuon, and banh xeo are also all equally high-end compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in the city.
If you have to ask about the service, you've obviously not been to a lot of authentic Vietnamese places. They shout "What you want" and if you don't have an answer within three seconds, they'll probably give you the death stare and walk away, returning fifteen minutes later, begrudgingly, to let you continue your order. 
Highly recommended authentic Vietnamese food.Great food! Great interior, and good prices, if I remember correctly. Their pho won best pho award before, but anyplace in south Philly that serves pho is good. All of their other dishes are great though, including fish in a bowl, mussels, pad Thai, etc. The parking lot is kind of tight, but there's almost always a spot available. Definitely give it a try hereIt's cold outside - what do I want? P.H.O.  This place can get pretty crowded in the evenings, but I don't mind bc 1) there is parking for my car and I don't have to park in an alleyway to get my grub and 2) the selection of Viet food is huge. like HUGE.
Their pho broth is pretty decent, as are the summer and spring rolls, udon noodles with ham hocks, broken rice plate with grilled pork chop and sunny side egg, avocado smoothies, and taro smoothies.  As you can tell, I eat a lot, and I eat a lot here.  Give them a try - service is fast, and the place is spacious so the wait is never too too long.we've been coming to nam phuong for more than 5 years.  it's a great deal for a good meal.  i love the pho tai and the broken rice with grilled pork chop, shredded pork, quiche, and omelet.  My wife likes the vegetarian spring and summer rolls.  it's definitely authentic, but the place is clean and the turnover on the food is high, so the food always tastes fresh.My girlfriend brought me here because a co worker of hers brought her here and she said it was phenomenal! This place is big and open, nothing fancy. Our waiter brought us tea which was nice for a change to have some tea brought to the table. We both got two orders of the, Chaû Gio spring rolls, which were the best I ever had! They are full of flavor and have a great crunch to them, even though they are deep fried, they were out of this world I high recommend! For our main course we both ordered the Buùn, she ordered the Buùn Ga Nöôùng vermicelli with grilled chicken and I ordered the Buùn Bo Nöôùng vermicelli with grilled beef. Both of these dishes were amazing and highly recommended! The one thing I liked about this place was the fact that it had the different chili sauces and red pepper flakes all set up for you to eat with your food. They come in handy when you want to give a nice spice to your dish and they compliment the dishes well! I loved this place and I plan on going back because its a great price for some great food!Out of the way but I really did enjoy their summer rolls. I got their nem nuong vermicelli dish. It was alright. Nem nuong was way different than I am use to. Tried a bit of their pho. Definitely decent. Impressed they they let you roll your own rice wraps!One of my favorite Vietnamese places to go. The menu is large and the food is truly authentic. This place gets crowded, but the turnover is pretty fast. Some of my go to dish are:
Bo Luc Lac : shaken beef over watercress
Fish in the clay pot 
Triple delight appetizer 
Papaya salad
Seafood pan fried noodles 
I normally don't go here for Pho as I go someplace that just specializes in it, but it's fairly decent here. 
Btw, try to avoid the lot. It's a pain in the A! You might get stuck in one spot for a good while because this area gets packed!!!!I unexpectedly ended up having dinner here when I saw that Le Viet was closed on Sundays.  I was very happily surprised.  They have a full bar and the service is quick.  Authentic Vietnamese food (I'm Vietnamese).  They were very accommodating to my vegetarian diet as well.  I took a friend who had Pho for the first time and she loved it.  Great place, down and dirty Vietnamese food.  I will be back!This is the place to go for Vietnamese in Philadelphia for anything other than pho. Whatever you get - banh hoi, bun bo hue, clay pot fish, thit bo luc lac - all authentic Vietnamese and the best quality I've had for the price.
My favorites are the thit bo luc lac (beef cubes) served on a bed of fresh watercress and the any of the banh hoi dishes (roll it yourself spring rolls) which will surely fill a party of at least 2. 
My partner has been coming here for over a decade. Says the prices haven't changed in years. Beers are about $3 each and mixed drinks around $5. Prices for the food equally as reasonable. 
We don't come here for pho -- we either go across the street to Pho Ta or next store to Pho and cafe viet hung for pho thai (beef) or pho ga than than  for pho ga (chicken) - better bang for your buck than nam phong in my opinion, though others may tell you differently. 
Atmosphere is nothing special, but doesn't need to be. The food is first rate -- if you are looking for some swanky atmosphere with mediocre food, this is not your place. But if you're looking for one of the top Viet restaurants in Philly, this is your spot.We get take out every week. Their pho is the best. Vermicelli is good too. Price is very reasonable. I just wish the parking lot was more efficient.Having just written a review for Northern Liberties newcomer Same Same, figured I'd also write one for my fave Vietnamese restaurant in town.  Low prices, incredibly fast service, but most of all, consistently excellent food.  I love the papaya salad and the bun here.   Nice thick bubble tea, too. Even though they really move people through here it never feels like you're being rushed out.  The place is huge - a recent renovation made it slightly nicer, though I still try to avoid the often-wet bathroom and the parking lot is a mess.  But the food is great, really great.I've been to Nam Phuong several times with my Vietnamese friends. The food is absolutely delicious! Although I cannot name the dishes I have had, since my friends always do the ordering, I can tell you that I've never had a thing I didn't like very much. The wait staff all speak English, so they will help you. I always get a Chinese beer to accompany my meal. So good!
Parking is really hard,  but if you if you find a spot be sure to go into the Vietnamese market next door.Great food! Love how this place is so big and you get your food fast. And the Vietnamese waiters seem friendly enough. 
We had the grape leaves/beef dish, wrap-your-own-shrimp-roll plate, two bowls of pho, and, this I regret, a plate of mussels/clams. Everything was delish except for the mussels/clams which were ~$11 and just...slimy, gross, and sorry but the BELGIAN/PUB VERSION KICKS ASS. 
Even though our table was all the envy and our eyes were all googly, I couldn't help but eye the Vietnamese crepes this elderly couple had next to us. So large were the egg/rice flour beauties that you could have wrapped a baby in it. I salivate. 
My dining experience is defined by the pho soup, however, and it was lovely. I will definitely be back after I have tried other places to deliver a final verdict.I love their Papaya and lotus salad. Best I've had in the city. That's the only think I really care for. I get pissed off every time come into this place. When I dine out I expect to have amazing service and great food. With that said, servers look sloppy for one, proper grooming I'll still waiting for these guys. I felt rushed and a bad attitude when I'm placing my order, for two. When my order arrives, servers just throws my food on the table (I felt like dog from a third world country gets treated better I did.) that's third. And lastly, my condiments and rice looks like they have recycled and transferred to my plates!!!! That is disgusting!!!  
 My friends and family loves this place that's the only reason why I repeating come back to this place. Otherwise, this place grosses me outSpicy Beef Noodle Soup. Need I say more....AMAZING....The pho is awesome, but the real gem is the bo luc lac (beef cubes).  
We used to go all the time until we moved.  Now my wife and I talk about the beef cubes regularly and always plan to make the 2 hour drive down to get them one weekend, never being able to make good on our plans.  I miss you, bo luc lac.  We will go down to eat you.. maybe this weekend, or next weekend, or the weekend after that.... sigh...........I will tell you this they have really good bo luc lac which is sauteed beef cubes. It is really good. Meat is really tender. I didnt enjoy the pho though which is a traditional viet noodle dish. The broth had a strong aftertaste of msg i didnt quite enjoy. I gave it 3 stars (5 for the bo luc lac and 1 for the pho)Your pho is a win.
The best hangover cure ever! 
I can also binge drink here with my hangover cure pho...which makes NP probably one of my fav's of philly.
xoxoAte here recently after not visiting for a while. Still pleased with the food quality and service. I recommend some of the set menus for 2 or 4. They are excellent, ESP if you're new to eating Vietnamese food that isn't Pho.DELICIOUS authentic Vietnamese food! Everything is fresh, fast and to top it off - at a great price.
The wait staff are enjoyably animated and friendly.
I highly recommend their pho & can't wait to go back. 
I must cut this review short because I am getting hungry thinking about this place!I came across here during my route on my job by recommendation by my manager. I got my usual pho, brisket and flank. The broth was one of the better ones I've had and the meat was good too. The summer roll tasted like any other vietnamese restaurant. And a big plus, it's a pokestop. :pThe pho broth was for real. I am choosing to skip the pho pun. You're welcome.Dear Nam Phuong, 
The fact that you exist makes Philly a better place. The Vietnamese wedding reception decor makes me smile each time I walk through your doors. I love that there are masses of tables and masses of under priced liquor (and you still make old school Mai Tais! yes!) 
More important, however, is your vast, authentic menu full of delicious Vietnamese dishes at prices even this recession can handle. 
My particular favorites include: 
-Summer Rolls with Shrimp (mmmm...melt-in-your-mouth rice paper and crunchy mint) 
-Bean Thread w/ Shrimp and Crab Meat Soup (the best cure for laryngitis) 
-Vermicelli w/ Ground Shrimp Wrapped in Bean Paper (my friend's go-to) 
-Eggplant Sauteed w/ Garlic Sauce - Vegetarian delight 
Please stay forever Nam Phuong, you hold a special place in my heart!Usually I'm picky with Vietnamese food since I'm so used to my parents traditional ways of cooking BUT Nam Phuong is so delicious. There's not one thing I haven't loved when coming here. I have allergies to certain things like peanuts and carrots and when I tell them, they always make sure it's clear of it all. Not only that but the service is impeccable! Everyone is so kind and helpful.Wow this place is great for cheap and really good food!  The three trio appetizer of grapes leaves, sugarcane shrimp balls and grilled meatballs are worth it alone.  Plus that will fill you up without eating anything else.   There's enough food for 4 people.  Grape leaves with grilled beef is banging!  Yes I said Banging! LOL!   Our table also order the pork chop rice combo platter.  That's a feast for 2 lol.  I have tried the wonton soup there, stay away from that lol,  it was the worst I ever had, couldn't tell you what it was or looked like, it wasn't right lol.   Another dish to try is the cubed beef with watercress, fresh and flavorful.  
Make sure your hungry when you come, you'll have a feast for cheap.  And if your not hungry go for the grape leaves, you'll come back just for that.
Happy Eatings!!THE BEST VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT IN PHILLY! Delicious, authentic, affordable and incredibly fast service! I have been coming here since the early 90s when I was a kid and have yet to be disappointed. Obviously you can't go wrong with the pho. But aside from the pho, try the papaya salad with shrimp and pork (110), grilled beef in grape leaves with vermicelli (118), crispy egg noodles with shrimp chicken and scallops (182), pork (267) or fish in the clay pot (310). Simpler but nonetheless delicious and traditional meals are the house special rice vermicelli (170) and the broken rice combo (194). You can't go wrong at Nam Phuong!I come here all the time and really try my best to like it, and usually chose to come here because they accept credit cards, and have a wider menu than just pho and summer rolls.  Usually other people on my party are not all into pho like I am and could seriously eat it five nights a week! 
Alas, the bris métis always too fatty and I end up getting. Rid of most of it on a separate plate away from my broth and the summer rolls have the scallion too thick in it...I still prefer pho ha and am finally expanding my horizons and moving up Washington avenue to try some other locations.My faavorite Vietnamese restaurant. I make it a point to come here when I visit Philly, despite how far out of the way it may be. First time I came to visit, we ordered a family meal so I sampled a lot of different foods . I usually just order pho and beef skewers or summer rolls, but now there's so much more. Everything was so good...so I recommend going with more people if you can. But this time it was only four of us and half of us already ate a full Philly cheesesteak. We got seated immediately. We ordered a pho to share, this large dish to make your own rice paper wrapped rolls (says for two to share, but really was big enough for 3-4), and hot french press coffee with condensed milk. 
The pho was so gooood. So much better than NYC Pho places. I never tried the make your own rice paper wrapped rolls, but the grape seed and pork pieces were pretty good. There was so much leftover that we just took the rest home. The coffee was too strong for my taste, I like it with some half and half or more condensed milk. But overall the meal was great and we were completely stuffed. Prices are inexpensive and service is fast. Parking may be tough since they share a parking lot with a supermarket but if you circle around enough you'll get a tight space.i love this place! the dining area is spacious, so even during the restaurant's peak hours (saturday dinnertime), the wait is never for more than 5 minutes. The service is FAST. If you order the pho, it usually comes out instantaneously after you order. The food is the best Vietnamese food I've tried in Philly. 
Try: Banh hoi bo nuong la (summer rolls with beef in grapeleaves that you roll yourself), khoai mon tran chau (taro bubble tea!)I have been here a couple times and each time the pho is on point. The portions here are big and they come with enough meat where you'll be happy and content, assuming you order the pho dac biet. The broth is at a good medium between sweet and salty, which I think is key to good pho. The service is quick and attentive and for dinner this place gets packed. Luckily it's pretty big and spacious so you'll never have to wait. The restaurant doesn't look great itself as it could use some renovation, but after a hot bowl of pho, I'm normally sweating anyways and the looks don't really matter while I'm worrying about how I look myself now haha. The spring/fried spring rolls are both good, but I mainly only stick with the pho. Compared to the others around the area, this is one of my favorite cause it never disappoints.My family and I have come here many times before, but last night's experience was very unpleasant to say the least. My family and I came for my nephew's birthday party; we were seated at a round table near the entrance and the female waitress that served us made us seemed like we were a nuisance. We asked for simple items like ice water, sauce, extra napkins but we were met with rolled eyes with our simple requests. The female waitress had a very bad attitude which made our dinning experience very uncomfortable for my family and I. Needless to say, my family and I will not be returning again. Nam Phuong, your arrogance was uncalled for and you definitely lost a loyal customer!I've been here like 20 times (Thanks, Sarah B.). I love the food here. The atmosphere is casual. The service is fast. 
I noticed a change in their Family Dinner for 2.
Old: $30
Goi Cuon (Summer Rolls) x 2 - Good
Canh Chua Ca (Sweet and Sour Fish Soup) - Good
Bo Luc Lac (Country Style Beef Cubes) - Great
Ca Kho To (Fish Stew) - Great
Gelatin Dessert (I forget what it's called) - Okay
New: $27
Goi Cuon x 2
Canh Chua Ca 
++Sauteed Beef (with something)++
Ca Kho To
Gelatin Dessert
Can anyone confirm this for me? 
Don't forget to get a Vietnamese Iced Coffee (cafe sua da)!Went there for the pho. Very tasty and inexpensive. I don't to that part of town very often, but it is definitely worth the trip. Should have tried the summer rolls. Definitely will next timeOpen later than most, big space, good food. I'm not sure why it's not 5-stars by me, but I will have to go back to experience more. Fun place, I definitely would. Had pho and spring rolls. Both as good as I could want.One of my favorite Vietnamese restaurant.  When I feel like eating Vietnamese dishes I come here, if I want pho I hop to pho saigon.
The beef cubes here are delicious and the fish pot is good too. We usually get the meatball wrap, which you can't go wrong. 
I usually come here with my family or just whenever I'm hungry and want something simple and laid back 
I love the new renovation here.I was torn on whether to give a 4 or 5 star rating and decided on 4.5 stars.  Well, Yelp doesn't allow that, and 2nd grade (?) math taught me to round up to 5.
What can I say about Nam Phuong that hasn't already been said?  I will say that it's not the absolute best Vietnamese food in any one category but the best overall that I've had outside of Vietnam.  I've had Vietnamese in cities with larger Vietnamese populations, but Nam Phuong still wins, without a doubt.  NYC has nothing that comes even close.
* Easy on the wallet
* Plenty of variety
* Larger family dinners are great
* Get the banh hoi if you've never done that
* It's always busy, but I've never had to wait
* Food comes out at lightning speed (but freshly cooked)
* Don't think they serve banh mi (but it's OK, Lee's is the best for that)
* Durian smoothie WAS amazing, but they've changed the way they make it, with a loss of creaminess and flavor... but I won't judge them on this as I might be the only customer who actually orders a durian smoothie (my husband won't kiss me after I drink it)
Do yourself a favor and eat here.  And then again.  And take others here.  They'll thank you for it.Great restaurant. My go to for Vietnamese any day. Love that they have a full bar. Friendly staff and excellent food. This is a rice house but they have great phô too.Nam Phuong is just one of those restaurants that my family and I have frequented since I was really young. We would often come together and occupy 2-3 tables as a large party of 15+ enjoying a family-style meal together. Over the years, we have been going less and less. The quality has just slow decreased, and I think there are a lot of better, newer Vietnamese restaurants out there. If you walk into an ethic restaurant and you don't really its people eating there, then you know its lacking authenticity and/or in quality. 
I have tried many dishes and prefixed family dinners throughout the years, and my last standing meal there is the Three Delight Vermicelli (w/ shrimp on sugar cane, beef in grape leaves, and grilled meat balls). It is probably the only dish I would still order there if I had to, occasionally, and it can be shared with a few other people. It comes with fresh herbs, rice paper, noodles, and different dipping sauces. I have been disappointed by the lack of freshness of the greens a few times, as the cucumber slices were sometimes almost brown. 
Overall, I would say to just pass on this place. You won't regret eating here, but there's a low chance you'll come back.This place makes great Pho. I always come here when I'm in South Philadelphia. Consistent food and fast service.This used to be the go-to place for a lot of South Philadelphians, but the recent past has ushered in a more popular era for all comers from across the city.  
You MUST: 
- Try the family meals.  It's the cheapest, greatest way to eat like a king or queen. From the Tom Yum soup to the fish and seafood, this is what you want right now.
- Have a bowl of deluxe pho.  It's so incredibly satisfying. 
AVOID:
- Saturdays and Sundays around dinner.  The place is packed, and unless you have reservations, be prepared to wait. Also, some event dinners are hosted there, and it takes up a large part of the restaurant space
- When you have limited time.  The servers can be slow to tend to you, and it might take some time to get your food out. 
Nam Phuong is a staple in the Viet food scene. It's not going away any time soon.Favorite pho place in philly. (Although I've only explored a handful) they have a large menu, plenty of other choices besides pho. That's just what we always end up getting when we come here. It's a pretty large restaurant, and they have huge round family style tables, so you can accommodate a larger group here.the prices are pretty normal, it's not an expensive pho place. They give you free tea when you sit down, and everyone who works here is really friendly. The food is really yummy! And authentic. The broth is the best I've found here! They take card, always a plus for me. And they have a walk up payment area, so it's easy to split checks.This review is solely on pick up.
Everything was packaged well but I didn't get my pho spoon like I do in other places which kinda sucked. Pho spoon is so essential! 
The beef eye round here though is SOOO chewy. I was so grossed out I had to throw it out which sucked cause then I had no meat in my pho.
The summer rolls were okay, definitely could have had more fillings included, I hate limp summer rolls.
Fried rice here was a 1/10. Definitely could use more seasoning, soy sauce and eggs. 
All in all, not sure if I'd come back here but definitely good efforts.3.5 stars for now. I still like the pho and broth at Pho Ha better, but this place is great if:
A) You are looking for seafood / egg noodle pho (yes, I realize that this is not real pho)
B) You are looking for a wider variety of cheap Viet food with huge portions. Their menu is ginormous.
The spot is huge and there are always a ton of families here. Also, one thing that was strange to the hubby and me was that their "spring" rolls are the fried egg rolls, while their "summer" rolls are the cold rolls w/vermicelli and shrimp. Is this an East Coast thing? I was so confused, bc I am used to spring roll being the cold rolls...but I digress. Good spot, cheap prices, huge portions and fast service - how can you go wrong?Been here so many times, but never again. There was a bug in our food! Also, lettuce was dirty...as if nobody went about cleaning the food or taking much care. InexcusableThis place is a pretty solid go-to when I'm back in Philly.  My family and I have been going since it opened and have even been to their new restaurant in Atlanta!  For a long time, Nam Phuong was the best place to get Viet food.  It has a great selection, friendly waitstaff, and a nice venue compared to some of the other places that were around.  My 1-2 combo usually is Com Tam Dac Biet and the iced coffee - that's comfort food to me!  In the past year or so, a couple of new places across the street have opened up that are giving this place a run for its money in terms of quality, prices, and ambiance.  While we'll still continue to come here occasionally, there's now a good variety of worthy competition in the same vicinity.So I must say I was thoroughly enjoying my vegetable pho soup, portion size was great, exactly what I wanted. Only problem is I looked down and saw little bugs in my soup!! So disappointing. There was a lot too, I scooped out at least 6 and then just trashed the soup completely. Please double/triple clean your vegetables!! The service could have been better as well. Our waiter wasn't too friendly.I love The food of Vietnam it's lite cool refreshing and delicious .
This restaurant came highly recommend.
Maybe because I got take out something got lost in the translation but it was good just wasn't great.
I don't get it so many people love this place I had to try it but I got to say I was disappointed.
The staff was extremely friendly service very accommodating and the  presentation from what I saw in the restaurant of the food they serve look great like I said maybe it's because I got take out but I've had Vietnamese takeout before and it was much better I'm not saying that this is bad food I'm just saying I had better in Phila.and they should take away the $ sign because it's more like $$1/2 it's not cheapNAM PHUONG. NAM PHUONG NAM PHUONG. 
Everything about Nam Phuong is great--service, food, price, location, food, parking, food--even their food!
Oh, everything is good here.  As a mid-twenties white female who's tried AT LEAST two other pho places, I can confidently say that this is the best pho spot in the city. 
I love the papaya salad with shrimp and pork and the fried bananas with ice cream is so good. Also the rainbow ice is weird and good. I like the green stuff in it idk what it is. I trust Nam Phuong.great food! must try the pho of course and the beef cubes!!!!!In the heart of the Little Saigon quarter of Philadelphia, Nam Phuong stands out above all the other eateries.  It is quietly becoming known all over the east coast and rightly so.
After eating at some very mediocre Vietnamese restaurants in Europe, it was a pleasure for me to get back to real Vietnamese food at Nam Phuong.  Their menu is large and each time I go there I try something different.  And the food doesn't disappoint.  On a recent cold winter's day, I passed over the tempting Pho to indulge in the Broken Rice with a  BBQ Pork Chop, Shredded Pork, Egg Quiche, and salad.  This is a classic Vietnamese broken rice dish and it is prepared here to perfection.  For starters, the jicama rolls delicately wrapped in rice paper really hit the spot - especially with the addition of the accompanying peanut sauce. 
But there are other aspects of Nam Phuong that propel it to five stars.  The service for one - it is friendly and efficient.  My water glass must have been filled more than five times.  You are always served hot Vietnamese tea as soon as you sit down.  And the condiments on the table along with the ubiquitous Vietnamese fish sauce are outstanding.  You have a choice among so many different flavors to add to your dining experience.
Yeah, it was def good to be back eating in Philadelphia's Vietnamese restaurants - and one of the very best ones at that!Nam Phuong is definitely the best place I've ever had for authentic gourmet home made vietnamese food. Being viet myself, this place definitely got all the viet dishes that i've grown up to eat for a very affordable cheap price and same taste and quality in their food.
The service is great and they seat you right away. there's always plenty of room. Their Thai tea is the best i've ever had there for a great affordable price. I would go there everyday for viet food because it is just that good. lol. But I would recommend everybody to go there to have great vietnamese food, plus they have an overwhelming selections to choose from, so you can definitely try a lil bit of everything everyday. I heart this place for viet food, and the only place ill go to eat for viet food, everywhere else is kinda crappy and overcrowded.I used to go to this place all the time when I lived in south philly.  The menu is huge, but I've enjoyed everything I've tried.
I'm a little pasty white guy and, well, I'm not saying the waitstaff is racist, but I have gotten noticeably quicker service when I show up with asian friends.  Just an observation ;)
Try the Vietnamese iced coffee for a cool and delicious summer treat!The first cuisine on my list when I came to Philly for a visit was Vietnamese.  I miss good Vietnamese food in the Midwest!
I came here for dinner.  I got the vermicelli noodles with grilled shrimp and the summer rolls.  Both were awesome.  I will definitely come back here when I'm in the area visiting.  Next time I'll try to the pho.Nam Phuong is a stellar joint to check out if you like authentic Vietnamese food.  It stands out as one of the best in a neighborhood loaded with top quality Asian and Italian cuisine.  One block from the Italian market on 11th street, this spacious restaurant offers an extensive menu packed with enough to keep the adventurous foodies coming back.  I frequent this restaurant and I'm never dissapointed.  One of my favorites is the needle noodle soup and recently I've enjoyed the beef salad appetizer (raw beef and lettuce marinated in lime and spices) which was surprising.  It has all the elements, sweet, sour and salty goodness.  Check it out.  
They also serve liquor and beer.For some reason, my friends always want to eat here. It's good, not great. I am usually satiated. The one dish I would stay away from would be the crepes. It's a lot of fried crepe with not much but bean sprouts inside. As a vegetarian, my favorite dish is eggplant with black bean sauce. The milkshakes are pretty good too (soy if you want it). 
The service is fast and they are busy and time of day, but somehow seats are always available.  
Just as a warning, the parking lot off of Washington St. is always CRAZY!!I heard that Philadelphia has the best Vietnamese on the East Coast. Where are they all hiding? So far I haven't seen too many downtown. So I turned to Yelp and based on the many reviewer recommendations decided to try Nam Phuong. The restaurant is located in a strip mall on Washington Avenue, surrounded by other Vietnamese restaurants, shops and food market.
We went on a weeknight and found the place to be full of mostly Vietnamese patrons but also other foodies like us who have a deep appreciation for Vietnamese food. And so we were seated, quickly made our way through the extensive menu and ordered the: shrimp spring roll, chicken pho, barbecued quail and diced cubed beef. 
The shrimp roll was served first. It was good with generous amounts of shrimp in each of the two rolls. A shrimp roll is filled with diced shrimp, rice doodles and basil and wrapped in rice paper. It is usually served with peanut butter sauce and tastes fresh and healthy. This was no different but not superior to any other roll I've had. 
Next was the Pho Ga or Chicken Pho. It was filled with so much noodles that there was no room to mix the ingredients all in.
 In the end I only ended up having a few spoonfuls and moved on to the next dish. 
The barbecued quail was on the drier side and was not as tasty as the ones we were used to having in New Orleans. The meat was chewy and dry. Needless to say the count picked at every little tiny bone on that poor quail's fragile body. 
But the winner of the night was the beef cube dish or more commonly referred to as the Boc Luc Lax. It was served on a plate of watercress with a tangy salt and pepper dip on the side. It was so good that I barely touched the Pho and polished the plate clean. 
The best part: the entire meal cost well under $30 dollars. I found it to be en par with other Vietnamese restaurants I have visited. We both enjoyed our meal enough and saw some other delicious treats being served to other tables.  So needless to say I'm sure we will become regulars unless I find a far superior local Vietnamese restaurant in Philadelphia. Any advice on where to have the best Pho?Best Pho soup, for the very best price. I've eaten here many times and my daughters who are 14 and 13 keep asking me hen we can go back. So much to choose from.I actually came here once years ago for an ill-advised attempt at eating brunch while extremely hung over. This is the first time back since then, and it was much more agreeable.
Normally we go to Pho Ha to satisfy our pho cravings, but yesterday we hit up Nam Phuong in search of a rumored "build it yourself" summer roll appetizer.
We found what we were searching for, but for lack of remembering the name I'll have to describe it - sausage, fish/shrimp cakes, cold noodles and fresh herbs to be wrapped up in rice wraps with peanut or fish sauce. The different ingredients were decent, not spectacular, but we really enjoyed the novelty of do it yourself tacos, Vietnamese style. The platter was enormous, meant for 2 according to the menu, but enough to satisfy the 3 of us. By the time we got through it we had little room left over for the pho.
This wasn't necessarily a bad thing. The broth was no where near as good as that at Pho Ha. We sampled a little then brought the rest home, although we're not really looking forward to the leftovers. This is not the place if you're on the prowl for pho, but there's plenty of other items worth giving a try on the menu - especially that appetizer.Do you like good food?  How about a little spice with an absurdly long menu filled with options?  Welp, it's time to stop into Nam Phuong.  
They have plenty of meat, fish, and vegetarian options.  The service is very fast, and you get a very large portion for a great price.  They also have a bar, so you'll be able to have that cocktail with lunch or dinner.  
I tried the seafood soup which was filled with squid, crab, and shrimp.  At the bottom is a giant portion of noodles.  I added some chili sauce and it became the perfect soup!  They also give you a plate of sprouts etc, for garnish 
We also shared the vegetarian spring rolls which were alright, but could be better.  The service is perfect, and your glass will never be empty.  They don't really interact with you much, but they do make sure you have everything you need.  Even writing this review has me craving this soup! Ugh, the downside of yelp :)Okay I am NOT giving this place 5 stars because of their pho. Because I am sorry, it tasted like any other pho in the east coast. Sorry for messing up the total of stars, but I have to....
The 5 stars is for their Sinh To - MANGO SMOOTHIE!!!!!
Their pineapple was good too, but the mango smoothie changed my life.
It's is so damn good.
It was such a hot day, but after finishing my last drop of the yummy goodness, I seriously wanted to walk all the way back just to get another two orders of this mango smoothie.
The consistency and the taste was beyond and now I have been on a search for it in New York.
I haven't found one yet and not even close to what they give you here.This place is miraculous.
The pho is perfect. They have ample seating. They take credit cards. They're open until a decent hour.
My new fave pho joint.Nam Phuong was my first taste of Vietnamese food many years ago. To this day, it's still my go-to Vietnamese spot in Philadelphia.  Of all the spots I tried in this area of south Philly, it still stands out.
First off the food. If it's a nice cold day, go with the pho. If soup isn't your thing, the pork or the chicken vermicelli dishes are also delicious. I usually get the spring or the summer roll appetizers too.  Drink wise, be adventurous and grab a bubble tea. A cold beer is also an acceptable option. 
Secondly, the location. Nam is in a strip mall and they actually have their own (limited ) parking lot so you don't need to hunt the streets for parking. 
Third, the service. The service is a little below standard for what most Americans are used to. Don't be afraid to hail down your waiter. The food comes out as it's ready, which also might bother some people. 
Lastly, the prices. Cheap!  
Overall this place in frills, but it's cheap and good. That's all that matters.So let's be clear-- I'm from Brooklyn and work in Manhattan. This place is in Philly. My family and I travel 100 miles (to be exact) for their Bun Bo Hue and Bun Rieu. 
It's that good. 
My parents are your typical, finicky, OG Vietnamese peeps that make it their lively hood to find great Bun Bo Hue, Bo La Lot, and other assorted Viet dishes. (Yeah, I said Viet. :-)  ) It's very hard to find a place where I don't hear both Mummy and Father complain about the food, cost, portion size, blah blah blah, etc... Thankfully, I hear no complaints about Nam Phuong as we are often postulating, during the ride to Philly, on what dishes we are to get and then devour.  
Needless to say, I really heart this place. Not to say I don't love me a good bowl of Pho (which they really do make a really good Pho) but obscure Vietnamese noodle soups have a special place in my heart and this establishment fulfills my craving. 
I hope you'll love it as much as I will!I crave Nam Phuong.  We probably go here once a month.  Two people can eat for less than $15 and the service is fast. I'm obsessed with the vermicelli bowls.  I've tried them at other places in the neighborhood but none are as good as Nam Phuong.Last weekend I ate here for the second time. The flavors are great and so is the service. Only things holding me back from giving 5 stars are: 1) I feel like there is SO much left on the menu to try that I can't truly judge the food yet and 2) The interior of the restaurant isn't amazing and while the wide open feel is great for big groups it wouldn't be a good atmosphere for a romantic date night.
Definitely excited to visit again and try something new!Our recent group dinner was spoiled by a blatant example of negligent service. Nam Phuong has been our favorite Vietnamese restaurant for years, but yesterday evening the restaurant's substandard service may serve as a cautionary tale. The problem started when a member of our group requested a fork and knife and glass for a beer. The waiter ignored the request. After a 10 minute wait, I tracked down another waiter who complied with the request. Our food was good as usual. However, after finishing eating we waited about 10 minutes for the table to be cleaned of dirty plates - to no avail. I then approached the hostess (manager) who asked the same waiter to bus our table. The waiter ignored the request and after waiting 10-15 more minutes, we gathered the dirty dishes ourselves and brought them to the bus station. Only then did the waiter reach for a few dirty dishes, but he managed to leave one dirty dish in the center of the table - was this his statement! We complained to management again, but were not satisfied that anything would be done about the issue. I wonder if abundant clientele has inured management to the importance of decent, respectful customer service.Usually my go-to for vietnamese when I'm too lazy to cook at home.  The pho here is terrible.  I usually go for the homestyle dishes that you don't typically find at the generic vietnamese restaurants that serve pho, broken rice, vermicelli and banh mi.  Our favorites are the claypot fish and the sweet and sour fish soup.  I like how they offer a wide variety of authentic vietnamese dishes.This restaurant is not wheelchair accessible because they have one door that opens. There are two separate doors with a very tight transition to the next door which will not accommodate turning radius of wheelchairs. I got stuck between the two doors and it was humiliating. It took 12minutes to get the second front door open so I could back out, I could not turn around. Additionally they had a lot of crap in the area between the two doors which further complicated this fiasco.
I was pretty excited to go here, and super miffed that it is not actually wheelchair accessible.One of my go to Vietnamese restaurants in Philly. I usually get the shrimp wrap. The sauce is great. The vermicelli options are good too. I usually get Bun Thit Nuong. Durian shake is good if you like durian. 
They recent remodeled with a small bar area and small chandeliers throughout the restaurant. It doesn't really match the decor but I'm there for the food so doesn't bother me. 
Service is quick. Food doesn't usually take too long.Nam Phuong, a popular place on Yelp, is being subject to the new Vietnamese restaurant Checklist Manifesto:
Authentic vietnamese menu - check
Vietnamese people in the restaurant - check
Affordable prices - check
But after that, it really is just another vietnamese place. Unfortunately, every dish seemed a little bit flawed.
The Pho was good, but the broth was lukewarm and the noodles clumped together (a sure sign that they just throw cold cooked noodles in with the broth and don't par cook them first!). The vermicelli came with tasty grilled chicken, shrimp, and other meats, but also an unspectacular hoisin-heavy sauce. Finally, the summer rolls were the vietnamese equivalent of cafeteria-style California rolls.
Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 5
Food: 3
Decor: 3
Service: 3
Wild card: Our waiter seemed pretty stoned - I'm noting this as a positive thing.Ahhh now I know I can survive in Philly!  This place tastes almost like back at home. :)
I'm so glad to see that there is an authentic Vietnamese restaurant that is cheap and delicious here. This place has a bit of everything in Vietnamese cuisine, including from Bun Bo Hue, Bun Thit Nuong, and Com Tam. Personally, I've tried the My Tho and Com Tam and liked both.
Portions are big and so is the restaurant. Should be easy to accommodate large parties. Enjoy!
Oh, and there is a $15 minimum to credit card charges.We've been going here more and more, especially since Pho Ta closed. 
I never get the pho here, although it's perfectly fine. I get the...
- vermicelli bowl with bbq pork
- crepe (this is like a thin omelette w/ bean sprouts and shrimp omg)
- 'fish in pottery pot'
Or if you're in a big enough group, just get the family meal.
Nice loud place with mediocre service and bangin' food at an amazing price. A good place to regular if you, like me, are not a millionaire.
One note: while it closes at 10:00, if you get there after 8:30, expect to feel like you need to get out of there, and expect them to be mopping the floors with bleach. While I respect wanting to get out the door once work's over, it makes the food taste like chlorine, which isn't ideal but it still tastes really, really delicious.
Max recommended.Awesome vietnamese food, even better than in chinatown. I really like the food here, we've eaten here about 3 times over the years, the only big thing that turns me off is the food size. could be a little bit larger. its a large place and there are always people there. parking is cool, you dont have to worry about feeding the meter.I get the Bo Luc Lac every time I go here. It's inconsistent (some times perfect, sometimes extremely salty), but it is still the best place compared to other places. The banh cuon is excellent, and the papaya salads are great. The family meals are a good deal.Very good food if you wanna never tried Vietnamese food. Also is a good regular if you have. I give 4 stars because it's a bit dirty and the bathroom is also disgusting. Food isn't too expensive either. The food is very authentic.If you know me, you realize that I enjoy well made food and quality service. The food here is OK. The service was sub-par.  Tried the Vietnamese quiche, spring rolls and broken rice with ground shrimp. All were just OK. I will eat at Vietnam in Chinatown anyday over this place.When I see a menu as large as Nam Phuong's I'm usually skeptical that the quality will remain consistent across the board. Having been there three times now though I can confidently say that you can throw a dart at this menu and get something exceptional. Their pho is actually my least favorite thing I've gotten, which is to say it's good but not great. But everything else has left me wanting to branch out and try more and more. Last time I got a fried fish fillet and vegetable hot pot special that was phenomenal. All of their herbs and vegetables taste so fresh, they have a delicate hand with their sauces, the prices are good and the portions are great. Even when they are extremely busy the food comes out as fast as you could imagine. For pho I'm more likely to go to Pho 75 or Pho Ha, otherwise Nam Phuong has become my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the city.Maybe service is a cultural thing? I'm surprised that so many people make a big deal about it. I like the privacy here, and when I ask for something, the wait staff here are very gracious and speedy. 
The french coffee here is delicious. Try it.  But the main attraction is the Pho. I drive over 60 miles just for the pho here. The fragrant smell of basil and broth welcomes me every time I set foot in this place. I'm salivating right now as I write this review. I always get the flank steak and beef ball pho. Mmm beef balls! LOL. 
Great value, and great atmosphere of an asian banquet hall in the heart of little Vietnam.I know everyone goes to what I lovingly refer to as "Little Vietnam" to get soul warming bowls of Pho, but I go to Nam Phuong with a mission for Salt and Pepper Softshell Crabs. The summer rolls are awesome for an app, but if you're willing to do a little more work for your meat and want to try something different go for the quail. Be careful for the little bones as they can pop up when you least expect it, but it's so worth it.
Don't get me wrong, the Pho is good. The broth is flavorful although the beef can sometimes be way more on the fatty side than usual. The greens are fresh and the noodles are always perfect. I honestly don't go the way of the tripe but my more adventurous friends have assured me it's great. The coconut drink is a curious bright purple, but who cares? It's amazing!
With the cold season coming up head down to Nam Phuong for a bowl of Vietnamese penicillin upon your first sniffle or sneeze. You'll be amazed how one steaming bowl can clear up your winter funk!