Great place to grab a cheap lunch!  
I would totally get their duck noodle soup since the duck is soft and flavorful.  The beef noodle soup was somewhat standard.  You can order with hand cut noodles, which are like thick, slivers of thicker, chewy dough, or your standard round noodles.
Their dumplings were delicious, fried, I got an order to go!  Their noodles in peanut sauce is really good too!  I will get that again.Delicious dumps. I had the beef brisket noodle soup that was great. My friend had the sliced chicken noodle soup but the chicken was pretty bland. Definitely try the beef or another menu item over this. 
Huge serving sizes (but you should still get the dumplings to start with anyway)
We went on a Friday afternoon at 3pm so very quiet which of course meant short waiting time and good service.Can't beat the cheap prices.
Roasted duck soup was good.  The handmade noodles really makes the meal.  The food came out really quick too.Cheap hand drawn noodles. Broth is solid. I opted for the beef brisket and my friend had the house special meat ball. We both have no idea what's in the meatball, but it kind of has the consistency of tofu. Not a fan of the meatballs lol.
The ratings speak for themselves. $8 for authentic hand drawn noodles, can't get much better than that.
Cash only and service is non-existent. ATM is outside at the entrance and charged $1.75.One of my favorite comfort foods to get a nice hot bowl of braised beef noodle soup ~ 
We were seated immediately and the only strange thing about our meal was that my noodle soup came out before even the appetizer came out, but i didnt complain!!
We ordered the stir fry beef noodle dish, the scallion pancake, and the braised beef noodle soup (both noodle dishes with shaved noodles instead of hand drawn)
The stir fry beef noodle dish was flavorful and not too salty. Had a good portion of beef in there as well
The braised beef noodle soup was soul warming but sometimes you get that extra spice kick in. Although the menu says spicy, it's not so spicy that you can't enjoy your meal and theres plenty of tender beef in the soup as well. I love the fresh cilantro on top and the white radish soaks up alll of the flavors.. nom nom nom
Scallion pancake had the perfect dipping sauce but i think the pancake itself was a little bland for me.
Our total came to $24 so definitely an affordable and very filling meal thatll warm your bonesAuthentic noodles that are clearly hand-made. My favorite dish to order is the sliced noodles, beef stir fried. Chewy, flavorful, and delicious with a great sauce. The appetizers are not as mentioned as much as their noodles, but are actually fantastic as well and tops what I've had in other restaurants nearby. The scallion pancake in particular is amazing and crispy/savory.Cold days and Nan Zhou soups - the French would call this un mariage parfait.  I am totally addicted to these quality noodles and their chewy, toothy consistency, be they in soups, sauces, or stir-fried.  
Spicy Pig Ears is a must appetizers (don't give me that surprised "eek"!) - pretty, flowing ribbons doused in chili oil, resting on a bed of cool daikon radish salad - a spicy ode to porcus maximus, great in texture and taste.  Peanut noodles: must have a shaved noodle and hand drawn noodle version at the same time to appreciate the difference in texture.  Another appetizer I like is shredded kelp, with its taste reminiscent of ocean.
You can count on the familiar dishes like snow pea tips, spinach with garlic, etc. to be reliantly good but slurping more noodles from a big bowl full of one of the many different types of soups (beef, beef brisket, ox tail, roast pork and even more interesting ingredients for the more adventurous eaters) is a special pleasure.  Coming with a group of friends allows for tasting many different dishes.  The bill will always be very low.
Service is efficient and friendly (with some exceptions), the restaurant bright and comfortable.  Go try!These are the most amazing noodles EVER. I'm from NYC but have yet to find anything that even comes close here. Ever since my friend introduced me to Nan Zhou Noodle House four years ago, I insist that we come here every time I visit her in Philly. The noodles are my main motivation to go to Philly, but shhhh, don't tell my friend that =) 
They have two types of noodles, which they make at the restaurant: hand-drawn (like spaghetti) and shaven (wide flat noodles). I prefer the beef brisket noodle soup with shaven noodles. You can also add an fried egg into your soup, which is pretty tasty. The broth is so homey and delicious. They also have dry noodles but I think the soup is better. The proportions are HUGE so it's hard to even come close to finishing it. On top of that, it's SO cheap. If you're feeling adventurous, I would also recommend starting with the beef tendon on top of pickled radish. 
This place is a must try and worth the trip (from NY) to Philly. It's THAT good.I was happy to check this spot out. Tasty authentic noodles. Everything was fresh and appetizing.Delicious food at the super cheap price you would hope for. Try the shaved noodles with peanut sauce! banging. 
I usually go and stuff my face for about 6 bucks.Surprisingly great! I know they use big fire (or is it the right word) and lots of oil to make the favour--probably unhealthy but it taste great! It's a cheap eat place and the portion is reasonable! Highly recommending --the stir fry noodlesWhat I love about this place: quick and affordable Taiwanese beef/brisket noodles. The hand drawn noodles is what makes it so special. The broth is rich and addictive. The beef could be more tender especially the tendon. Bring cash and enjoy one of the few places that serves this type of beef noodles in Chinatown. Tip: if this place gets busy, you can expect to share a table.Hot, cheap, and a little dirty. Just the way a, ahem, hand-drawn noodle place in Chinatown should be. 
Seriously, one of my favorite places in Chinatown. It really is a little dirty, but that just adds to the authenticity (and flavor). You can't go wrong with the noodles, thick or thin, dry or in soup. Some may find the broth bland, but that's what all the random condiments on the table are for (sriracha is the best). And $5-7 for a filling meal? Awesome.I was so excited to try this place on a cold Philly night, and I was NOT disappointed.  So far, I have tried the noodle soups with brisket and with meatball, and both were delicious.  As a carb person, the part I care about the most is the noodles, which are soft and tender with just the write amount of chewiness.  And you can watch them make it, which is always awesome to watch.
It's not the cleanest and most romantic place in the world, but it's definitely not a dive hole-in-the-wall.
Overall, fast, cheap, flavorful, delicious food that will more than satisfy you with a warm soup belly.  Highly recommend!Good food but terrible service.  
Started off with egg roles and pork dumplings-not sure if they were homemade or frozen.
I ordered the beef brisket pulled noodle soup-the server did not understand and gave me beef tendon soup-huge bummer.  I was too exahusted to attempt to tell her the mistake.  I would be back but be EXTRA clear and careful when ordering.We went on a Saturday and luckily it was rainy and only had a short wait.  We ordered the house beef noodle soup, beef tendon noodle soup, fried rice and fried dumplings.  I did not care for the rice or dumplings ( my son enjoyed them though).  The soup was delicious.  The hand pulled noodles were perfect cooked, the broth had just enough seasoning and plenty of greens added (I ordered no cilantro)  everyone enjoyed the soup.  YummyAfter a day of walking/touring the city and craving noodles after, this really hit the spot! 
Cheap meal,  noodle soup broth is delicious, meat is tender, noodles are tasty - ahhh so good. 
My friends and I ordered the Beef Brisket Noodle Soup, Sliced Beef Noodle Soup, Fried Rice (so-so, had better), Pork and Chive Dumplings, Chicken Wings, and another dry noodle. The fried dumplings were surprisingly good - I think they fry it with garlic?? because the skin was delicious and the crispiness outside was just right! 
Would come back for another bowl again!I had the chicken dumplings with curry and coconut a beef brisket noodles. The dumplings were delicious, the coconut was subtle and the curry was not overpowering. The beef brisket was good, but not great.  The broth was hearty and there was ample brisket. Eating the brisket though was pretty frustrating because there was a lot of fat and I had to keep taking it out of my mouth (which is hella gross!).  The noodles were okay but nothing to write home about. The texture was also kind of chewy.One of the best meals we have had on our trip.  The hand drawn fish ball noodle soup was spectacular.  Friendly service.  The two of us had entrees and smoothies for a total of $25.  I would highly recommend trying this place out!Absolutely delicious!! :)
I had my first hand drawn noodle experience at Nan Zhou and it definitely set my standards high. Chewy, fresh noodles. I had the Beef Noodle Soup - the beef was delicious and the broth was flavorful with an abundant amount of cilantro (which I love).
We also ordered the Roasted Duck (not a noodle dish), which was okay (nothing special).
The boba/bubble tea here is pretty yummy as well, which is definitely a plus.Get the brisket noodle soup and you will know that you haven't lived until you tasted that dish. I could eat that every day if I could. So fresh and delicious and prices are affordable. I also tried their chicken curry dumplings and I honestly ate the whole entire appetizer by myself. I absolutely love this place.Really disappointed on my last visit. Both of us got about half the amount of meat (roast pork) as compared to the past, and prices slightly increased. Used to love this place and eat here weekly. Probably won't be back in a while.I ate here while visiting in Philly. Definitely a great place to come when you're in the mood for noodle soup. In Taiwain, they have lots of places where you can go to just get a nice, piping hot bowl of noodle soup, and I was glad to finally find such a place in the U.S. The portions are huge and you're given tons of noodles. The menu is rather extensive, with a lot of beef choices. I only wish they put in some more vegetables in the broth. A side of some sour mustard would've been a bonus as well. I will definitely be coming back to this place next time I'm in Philly. Wish there were some place like this closer to home!Been here twice in the last week. Great soups (tried the roast pork, the duck breast and the beef). Also shared some dumplings with my husband.  Fast and friendly service. The hand pulled noodles are awesome.
Cash only place.Hands down the best noodle place in Chinatown! Highly highly highly recommend. Sooo good. Come here almost every week .Nan Zhou makes some of the best noodles in Philly! The soup broth is nice and light but still really flavorful.  I'm so glad they moved to a larger spot, because the old location was really small and diners often had to share a tables with strangers.  The dining area is quite large now, and I was seated almost immediately during my most recent visit. This place is great for dinner or lunch if you ever find yourself in Chinatown. Cash only. TIP: get the peanut noodles!  They are super cheap and the portion is large even though they are listed in the appetizer section of the menu.I liked NZH, but I didn't think it was all that special.  I tried the jellyfish, the clam soup, the vegetable dry noodles, and the dumplings.  I'd probably go back but only because most of the food was inexpensive.
Jellyfish:  It's called "Jellyfish in Cold Sauce," or something like that.  I thought it was OK but not worth the $10.  I've never had jellyfish before, but this dish was very chewy and not very flavorful.  I wouldn't order this again.
Clam Soup:  This was my favorite part of the meal.  The soup was pretty good, and the clams seemed fresh.
Vegetable Dry Noodles:  This was no better than the mediocre Chinese food you can find anywhere in America.
Dumplings:  These were good.  I would order them again.  Still, I've found that most Chinese restaurants serve good dumplings.
It's worth mentioning that this place is BYOB, and they have a wine opener that you can use.Service was bad, charged you extra when you want your noodle to be spicy. Which if you knew, you wouldn't even ask, because the hot oil was right on the table (I was expected something different if it was asked). Anw. Noodle soup was alright, nothing fancy or impress. Ordered a Coke, it was handed back as a can of coke alone, no cup, no straw. Then when I asked, the lady was a little angry and hand me a cup of ice look just like it was from someone else left over water. the cup has some ice with water in it.
I look over my friend and asked what does it look like, she laughed, and said "don't use it, drink off the can" I never go back since then.I had been to the old restaurant a number of times, and was dismayed to find it shut.  But then a great surprise, it had been reborn across the street!  I had lunch at the new site for the first time last week, and it's even better than before.  The new site is much larger and nicer, and the menu now has a smattering of new dishes (meaning, more than just soup!)  The classic noodle soup was as awesome as ever, and the pan fried noodles were among the best I've had in years.  It isn't a fancy, haute cuisine place, but the food is great and I can't think of a better place for lunch.Central Chinatown, after you have the noodles here, you will be disappointed with noddles anywhere else. Forever.
Their dumplings and bubble tea are also fab, and the service is super quick.
Cash only, but there's an ATM in the vestibule.Nan Zhou is good, but I'm more than a little surprised at the great reviews. The day before Nan Zhou, I went to another noodle house a few blocks away that just as good and cheaper. (It's also called Hand Drawn Noodle House incidentally, but this one is Yummy Lan Zhou).
We started with the pig ears-not terrible but SUPER spicy, make sure you mix up the spicy pig ears with the veggies underneath; still, my friend and I decided that it was one of those foods you are glad to have had once for the sake of "adventure", but will never order again. 
For entree, I had the beef brisket noodles and the huge chunks were basically tasteless. My friend's duck wonton was considerably better but still not "ZOMG great". Between Nan Zhou and Yummy, Nan Zhou definitely was less friendly as we were often asked if we were done and if plates could be taken away. (I stayed almost 2x as long reading my tablet by myself at the other place and was not harassed by any of the waitstaff). Last, my entire bill at Yummy including a drink was somehow like $6, while Nan Zhou (we had an appetizer but no drinks) was closer to $15 each.The hand drawn noodle stir fry with shrimp was tasty. It needed a bit of heat which was easily added. There were 7 large, perfectly cooked shrimp. It was a huge dish. If you are looking for atmosphere, go elsewhere. If you are looking for good food, decent service and reasonable prices, this is a good choice.A friend recommended me Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House as a place to visit when in Philly. I decided to check it out since I was in Chinatown, and I am not disappointed. We were seated immediately and the waitress we had was very friendly. She even asked us which food we would like to come first (very attentive). The texture of the noodle ( Jiajiang Mian) was really good. I would come back here again to try the other noodles.Food is okay good. Staff like to rush you out as soon as your done so it feels like you need to eat quickly.My favorite spot in Chinatown.  Both hand drawn and shaved noodle styles are delicious!  But, I prefer the shaved noodles; they have a little extra chew to them that I love.  Dumplings are good but the real standout items are the noodle soup dishes- house special and house special meatball are my go-tos.  No frills, they only take cash.  Great spot for a quick and delicious meal!Came here with some friends.  I think I prefer this one over Yummy Lan Zhou noodles, also in Chinatown.  The pigs ears appetizer is amazing - I would go there just to eat those.  My wife had stir-fried shaved noodles with chicken - the noodles were good but the dish overall didn't have much flavor.  I had the beef brisket noodle soup with hand drawn noodles and it was very good.  Great flavor and tender chunks of beef.  Large portions gave me two more meals with leftovers.After 2.5 weeks deprived of Chinese food this hit the spot. I had the house meatball hand pulled noodle soup plus a tea egg. The noodles have a great chewy texture and the meatballs are fluffy like matzo balls and full of flavor. The broth is also very nice, perfect level of saltiness and umami and with cilantro and Chinese pickles for additional flavor. And the portions are huge and cheap to boot, service is fast and the space is nice. What else could I ask for? A++ will definitely come here on future layovers in Philly.Fresh off a plane from LA, and feeling kind of cold in an East coast winter, I wanted comfort food that would warm me up.
And to me nothing says comfort like a bowl of Chinese noodle soup.
I got the beef soup, and my mom got a seafood one. Both of our broths tasted the same, strangely enough. My mom didn't really like her noodles, but I thought mine were good. 
Just the thing to warm up on a cold night!First time here for a casual afternoon lunch. Decided to go for the Beef Brisket Noodle soup!! Portion was more than enough, brisket was super tender and really flavorful. Soup was served with a nice amount of spinach, cilantro and scallion. Also ordered the sacallion pancake, which in my opinion was cooked to perfection. I tend to think the more simple things are the easier it is to screw it up. Service was quick and pleasant. Will definitely be back to try more dishes off the menu!Tried dumplings (pork and chicken curry), pork fried rice and shredded pork rice noodles.  The dumpling were great, chicken curry a surprise and tasty.  Noodles were good, others enjoyed the rice.  Must go back for the soup... CASH ONLY.Ahhhhh so good! I really regret not eating more when I had the chance. They have a choice of hand-drawn or shaved noodles. Seems like everyone gets the drawn noodles, but I'd really like to try the shaved also. If you've ever seen noodles being shaved, it's pretty cool! Beef broth was good. Portion size is not big, but neither is the price. I love seeing noodles being made... wish they did it at the front of the restaurant! Can't wait to go again someday.The noodles are fresh. Ordered pork and chive dumplings for appetizer and the braised beef spicy noodle soup. Both were flavorful and plenty. Hubby offered the grilled pork chops with noodle soup. He ate all of it; the pork was truly grilled and not pan fried. Service and good was speedy. The price was very reasonable; $24 for all three dishesRidiculously tasty hand drawn noodle soup. The mini buns are are nice sweet treat too. Can't wait to go back.Pretty authentic dishes - not that this place need more reviews but I really enjoy the pig ears (don't forget to eat it with the radish on the bottom). Their beef noodle soup is also pretty legit. When I'm not feeling too meaty- I actually get the fish ball soup which is pretty flavorful but not too much MSG. I also like their mapo tofu too to supplement the meaty noodles! Cash only!Great noodle and price is good. They get packed easily. I had the seafood bowl with hand drawn noodle and the girl had the shaved noodles with roasted duck. We left full and happy. BYOB.Delicious Chinese food and generous portions! We loved the soy sauce pork hand drawn noodles, and the fresh spinach. We also got dumplings but they weren't so remarkable, I wouldn't order them again.WORTH A TRY.
By far the best hand drawn noodles I've had in the US. The food is good value, so don't expect much service wise.
Went with a group of 5 - plenty of space. We ordered the beef noodles, jajiang noodles, cold sesame noodles and mapo tofu noodles. Overall I would recommend the jajiang noodles and beef noodles were. My friend who had the jajiang noodles said it was amazing and I can attest to that as I witnessed her inhale the entire plate of noodles. I had the beef noodles which was a solid bowl of noodle soup. The mapo tofu noodles were pretty good, but may not suit everyone's tastes, and the cold sesame noodles were too bland for me.This was good, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. The place is an authentic noodle house - you get what's on the menu, nothing more and nothing less. It's beyond affordable - dinner for 2 cost $20. We opted for Chicken Chop Cut Noodles and the Brisket Noodle Soup - both were solid: warm, flavorful, noodles were fresh and there was plenty cilantro. I just didn't think it was over the top amazing - like some of these reviews have raved.Best Chinese food I have had yet in my 28 years. I am not a soup fan but the peanut noodles as well as other dried noodles were quite tasty!
The curry dumplings were a first but a pleasant experience. Good sized portions and good prices.Good noodles and excellent spring rolls, but not my favorite noodle house in Chinatown. I'm not a huge fan  of their broth. However, Nan Zhou is still an excellent choice for light or heavy grub.On a whim, we chose this place to have dinner. It's small and it was crowded when we were there, but were seated about 10 to 15 minutes later. It's a cash-only place with an ATM machine out front of it. 
We ordered the curry dumplings for appetizers and the hand-drawn noodles for the beef brisket, the seafood, and the oxtail. They came in large sizes, which was great because we were starving. They were great! We highly recommend this place.Fast service with good food with good value. Would visit again. The service was good and the noodles were delicious. Not sure about the dumplings, they were okaybest $5 meal ever (ok, i exaggerate but definitely best $5 in philly!)! this place has really delicious noodles with the best consistency. its perfectly chewy and wonderfully seasoned with the appropriate broth! im really impressed that philly has such a little gem. 
i recommend the soup noodles, the dry noodles were alright.BEST CHINESE FOOD I'VE EVER EATEN. I've gone back many times since the first & I recommend it every chance I get!Amazing noodles. You get so much food that it's impossible to finish the whole plate by yourself. I had the shrimp fried noodles and I was very happy with it. I got a lot of shrimp and it was very fresh.QUICK service- downfall is it's cash only. Also feel like you are sitting in a cafeteria.  Get the house drawn noodle soup- so yummy!  All and all I would go again, just expect to wait.Nobody has ever come to Nan Zhou because they thought to themselves, "wow, the food is really good here!" The food is fine here. People come to Nan Zhou to scratch some half formed itch for nostalgia that they haven't fully vocalized. People come to Nan Zhou when they say "I'm in the mood for Chinese", when they really mean "I kind of miss my parents and their cooking, but not enough to go home". 
If you're looking for something that will warm you up, body and soul, on a cold day and on a shoe string budget, this is it. This isn't fine dining and there are absolutely no frills. This place fulfills a very specific niche. For 10 bucks cash only, I can walk in and get a giant bowl of soup just like the ones my mother used to make for me, complete with giant meatballs of very ambiguous origin, that will make me wonder how she's doing. 
Everything served in this place is about as authentic as you get, besides the veggies which are maybe a bit more oily than in a Chinese kitchen. The portions are huge, the service is fast, and the waiters understand English well enough to order. This place is the Chinese equivalent of "Take Me Home" on the radio and mashed potatoes w/ gravy on the living room sofa. Simple, cheap, but emotionally fulfilling.i got no reference to its authenticity, but frankly my dear, i dont give a damn. just some good ass noodles and broth.Take pho, then just make it better.
Tried to go to choo choo pho on a Wednesday but it was closed, so ended up here instead. Best thing that's ever happened to me. 
Just wish they had an XL size.Nice hand drawn noodles. It is authentic. The price is fine. The soup is not greasy at all. I like the lamb skewers too. People work there are very friendly and quick. Definitely go back.nan zhou's hand drawn noodles are undoubtedly fresh and tasty, however, i've had varying experiences depending upon the accompanying choice of protein and the preparation.   first off, the sauteed style noodles, a la lo mein style, are consistently a crowd pleaser.  you really can't go wrong with fried up fresh noodles. if you appreciate fresh italian pasta then you'll definitely appreciate what nan zhou is throwing down.  however, when it comes to the noodle bowl, the roast duck seems to be the best choice.  for some reason the flavor of the duck somehow imbeds itself in noodles.  the noodles and duck are really making sexy in this chicken broth hot tub.  i've tried the ox tail which isn't braised long enough and the roast pork and wontons which don't seem to complement the noodle soup as well as the duck.  just keep it sexy ladies and gents and go for the roast duck noodle soup bowl.Wow. We came here for Christmas day lunch, and they had a line literally out the door into the (very cold) street. It was worth the effort. This is a very down-to-earth place. There is little in the way of ambiance, but who cares when you're going to get incredible food and pleasant service at a good price! We got the spicy brisket soup with hand drawn noodles, the chicken stir-fried with shaved noodles, the scallion pancake, and the chicken and curry dumplings. The spicy broth had a good amount of spice without being overwhelming, and a lot of lemongrass, which I liked. I'm glad we tried both styles of noodles - the hand drawn are very tender and delicious to slurp out of the soup, and the shaved are a little bit chewier with a similar texture to chow fun (though these are wheat whereas chow fun are rice). The scallion pancake was fantastic. The only thing that wasn't an absolute knockout was the chicken and curry dumplings, but overall I can say I would go back, and would recommend this place highly to anyone who wants authentic food with great flavor profile.I had the shrimp and noodles. It was absolutely delicious. My friends had the soup bowl with brisket. They really enjoyed their soup. It was good to the last drop.Had to stop here after reading all of the reviews.  It was a rainy day in Philly, and had the kids along after a visit to please touch museum.  Small, unassuming shop with around 10 tables.  We were seated immediately. and had a great view of the kitchen.  Hand drawn noodles were actually being hand drawn in front of us.  Fascinating.  
The wife had beef noodle soup.  The meat was fatty and full of grizzle.  She pulled it out, and put it on the side.  The kitchen staff was out, pointing and looking at my wife.  Without asking, and within 2 minutes, they brought out a bowl of lean meat for her to eat.  They suggested that she tell them in the future, if that is what she wanted.  Pretty good.
I had the noodles with pork and soy.  A very good portion that was quite delicious.  
A very good experience.  The place is nothing to look at, but the service was great and the food, although a little uneven, can't be beat for about 6 bucks a dish.I've been here twice and honestly I don't like their noodles that much.. I liked SpiceC better tbh :/ but you should try for yourself cuz a lot of my friends really really like it. maybe the flavor is just not for meWas quick with the food and generous with the portions. House special noodle soup was rich and satisfying, friends were satisfied with their choices as well. Appreciated the quick service.I've returned a few times since my last review, and I thought I'd add some more thoughts. The shaved noodle soup is always top-notch, and no matter which meat you choose (I've tried many beef ones, beef ball, fish ball, roast duck, and lamb), its flavor makes the broth very aromatic. On my last visit, though, they must have been out of the sour pickled vegetables or something, because our soup contained spinach instead. I also love watching the chefs make the noodles through the window behind the register. Service is generally fast and efficient. 
While you look over the menu, they bring you ice water, and it seems that you get a choice of tea if you speak Chinese. As I mentioned before, it can get really crowded, and they're not afraid to put multiple groups and the same table. In addition to the noodle soups, I've tried the cold diced cucumber appetizer, which is good, and the pork and chive dumplings, which are okay. They're on the smaller side, and the section where the wrapper is thickest (where there is no filling) was still a little hard. The filling had a very strong pork flavor and very little chive flavor. 
Finally, don't forget that this is a cash-only establishment!2 bowls ordered. House special (meatball) and the Ox Tail.  Straight up Asian comfort food. Broth isn't over pronounced in any flavor. Just a smooth warm tasty liquid caressing hand drawn noodles.Martin picked up Sliced Beef with hand drawn noodles for lunch and it was awesome! Definitely heavier than the Seafood Dish I ate yesterday. Martin finished his lunch right down to the last drop.This place is well worth the stop in Chinatown. Their soups are very good...I usually get the lamb. Their noodles are great...it's what they're named for. Appetizers are good too...I love the pigs ears. Very inexpensive as well!Food was OK.  Honestly, though, I found the staff just down right rude.  We had a large party of Chinese students (40) and had called one week in advance to make sure they could accommodate us.  About an hour before our arrival they called to tell us they couldn't guarantee they would have seating available.  WTH????  We got there and sure enough they could only take about half of us.  The other half was left to fend for themselves.  Food came out in random order.  Soups first, then appetizers.  Some NEVER received theirs, but sure enough were billed for them!  When it came time to pay the bill, they insisted on knowing what we were going to tip before giving us the check.  What difference does that make?  If they aren't adding the tip for themselves then it is left to our discretion.....  I won't be back, nor will I recommend the place.  It felt like we had to BEG them to take our money and then they tried to rip us off.  The restaurant the other half of our party went to was more than happy to have our business and, I'm told, had excellent food!Ok food for a decent price. We ordered marinated beef, a bowl of soup with fried duck, as well as chicken with rice and a set of dumplings. Food comes out fast, it's not of a highest qualify but you really can't complain bc their prices are really lowCash only. 
Made to order food that is quick. Authentic chinese/ taiwanese food. Service is fast too. I would highly recommend getting their beef noodle soup and their small fried buns. The noodle soup base is very light, the beef is cooked until tender, and the noodles are fresh. 
Great for a cold winter day.Visited Nan Zhou on a business trip to Philly. Whether your hotel is in Chinatown or not, this is certainly worth the visit! 
I went for lunch on a a weekday with a large party of 7. Each of us got the hand drawn noodles (made in-house). Depending on the dish, it was $8-13. Seafood and some meats were more expensive. I got a vegetable soup with the hand pulled noodles and it was very inexpensive! Others in my party had the seafood and duck - they said this was also very good quality and delicious. 
Service was very fast, despite our large party. We were in and out within 40 minutes. 
Beware it's cash-only!This place is a staple every time we come to Philly.  Food is amazing, their noodle texture is the best. Portion is very generous and service is good.  The only drawback is that it's a cash only place.  But well worth it!  The restaurant is also maintained relatively clean, bathroom as well.I had the beef brisket hand drawn noodles a while ago. While the flavor of everything was good, I think their noodles are just not my cup of tea. I prefer chewy noodles or al dente-textured noodles and the hand drawn are quite soft. It's really just a personal preference. 
My friend and I also shared a plate of dumplings, which were filled densely and quite good. 
I would definitely give 4 stars if it were based on my friends' sentiments because many have been really happy with this place and have told me that it's really authentic and close to what they might have at home.Exceptional value. The noodle soup here is good at any price but for under $7 a bowl for meat/seafood soups and $4 for vegetarian soup, you have incredible value. Add a BYOB policy and two people can have dinner here for under $20 including tip.
The atmosphere is stark but clean -- fluorescent lights and formica tables and the service is pleasant but terse. But once you adjust it is quite pleasant, but not a place to impress. It is a place to EAT and eat well.
There is a limited menu including soup but in my opinion the soup is the thing! You can watch them make your noodles and they taste as good as I have had in fancy Japanese Hand Drawn noodle houses in NYC.We stumbled upon this place in Philly had a great dinner. Very authentic and very fresh. We will be backI was in Chinatown and looking at all the amazing reviews I decided to stop by. It did not disappoint! Prices were cheap, but the portions were huge! The service was very quick. The food was very tasty as well! I recommend the beef brisket.This place came with very high recommendations and therefore very high expectations, which unfortinately were not fully met. Coming from a city like San Francisco certainly heightens the bias, but still.
We started out meal with the scallion pancakes and coconut curry dumplings. The scallion pancake, though crispy, was also incredibly oily and you couldn't distinguish the layers. A good scallion pancake should have visible, if not peelable layers from repeated twirling and folding of the dough. As for the coconut curry steamed dumplings, the flavor was certainly unique. But dumplings are ultimately judged by their skin, which in this case, was too thick and gummy. 
We also ordered a plate of chinese vegetables. It was decent. Definitely hit the spot after all the cheesesteaks and whatnot.
As for the hand pulled noodle soups, both looked great and tasted great but right off the bat, the noodles seemed little off. The noodles were way too uniform. Even from the most skilled chefs, I've had noodles that vary just slightly in size/thickness which does make me wonder about these.
Lastly, for the knife cut noodles, we ordered the seafood variety. The "dry fry" was too wet and it was also odd that they include real clams, real medium shrimps...then spoil it all with imitation crab which is about as un-seafood as you can get. However, I will give props to these noodles. They had good texture, good variation, and whoever cut them was very skilled. Several slices were very long and not too thick.Was in Philly on $1 megabus so i planned to go here for a long time.. there are 500 plus good reviews. I went at 1230 pm and it was very full house. I ordered seafood noodle soup. The waitress ordered from an ipad. Not a long wait.. food was very nice and has shrimp and scallops  and not so salty broth with watercress.  They only take cash it cost $8. Really cheap considering at Noodle village for same dish I pay $17.50 but that's atlantic city.  Next time will try Spice C around the corner.The place to go to eat for great Chinese food. This isn't some high upscale Chinese food place, this is some legit Chinese food restaurant. The food here is so good and make sure the get the shaved noodles! The texture of a thick cut shaved noodle adds much to the delicious broth most of the noodle soups come in. The chicken curry dumpling isn't something to be amazed with, but the braised beef noodle soup was awesome. I was full and my stomach was happy. I'd probably come here every time I visit Chinatown for a meal. 
TL;DR: Awesome Chinese food place, it's legit and delicious, get shaved noodles, fair price, will fill you up.At 2pm on a Saturday there was still a slight line... what's going on? Waited about 5-10 minutes to get seated side-by-side my friend and across from a couple. It was slightly awkward, but we made it work. The couple, I think, was more awkwarded out than we were. They ate really fast and left quickly.
I ordered the beef noodles and my friend ordered the seafood. Both were very very excellent. I finished all of my noodles and was very happy with my choice. I am glad they had vinegar too. I wish they had pickled their vegetables more, but vinegar fixed that. Overall, I will return. Hope that they improve their service a bit more, because it was slightly confusing, but that's ok for good and cheap food!The broth and noodles are delicious!! Service was fast for a Friday night. Had the house special meatball noodle soup and it did not disappointLan Zhou hand drawn noodle is definitely a must try for those near the Philadelphia Chinatown area. Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in this region. Although they've upgraded to a larger location with new staffing, their service is still great and their employees are still friendly. 
Noodles come in two varieties: hand drawn and shaved. Personally I prefer the shaved option because it offers a little bit of a different texture to their noodle dishes, but you can't really go wrong with either choice. If this is your first time here, I definitely recommend beef brisket noodle soup. Noodle soups are flavorful and come with a medley of preserved vegetables, spinach, and cilantro, along with your topping of choice.  The beef is tender and you can really taste the flavor of the marinade. 
For those seeking something a little different, try the noodles with peanut sauce or the spicy marinated pig ears.  The peanut noodles offers a unique pairing of their noodles and a homemade peanut sauce that is sweet and savory. The marinated pig ears can be daunting to some, but those of you who are bold enough, it is definitely worth a try.It's tough to beat a dinner out for 6 dollars. I went with the beef brisket due to all the rave reviews, and it was stellar, especially with the addition of sriracha and a little soy sauce, though i could have done without the fatty extra. I know, occupational hazard of brisket, but still. The service was brusque, but fast. And, clearly, cheap. 
Definitely will be back to try the other options. And to watch them pull the noodles!This place was okay. We parked in a paid lot a couple of blocks away. We got our food really quickly. We ordered the beef brisket and the duck and got them in shaved and regular pulled noodles. The shaved noodles were far superior to the hand pulled ones, which tasted pretty normal. We got an order of garlic spinach which was fine.Everything we had was delicious.  We began with appetizers- cucumbers and spring rolls, both enjoyable.  We then both got the roast pork stir fry noodles and we realized we certainly could have split one as it was more than enough food for us both.  However, we didn't mind having leftovers. Noodles had great texture. We also got the snow pea greens which were delicious.  Overall, yummy food, inexpensive. Atmosphere is casual and fast-food like.
Keep in mind, CASH ONLY.Man do I love this soup! The broth is not too oily, but herbal, similar to pho. The noodles are so good because they are fresh and handmade in house. If you're ever in Philly and head to Chinatown, definitely check this place out!I had the Brisket noodle and it was fantastic! The broth tasted clean but still flavorful. The meat itself was very tender. The noodles were pretty good but not my favorite.. this is a good place to get authentic chinese food. I will need to come back to try the other dishes on the menu!i would love to give this place more than 2 stars, but it simply just didn't do it for me. had their beef brisket noodle soup and at the time i was starving, so i downed it. but even during my meal i felt the broth was lacking in flavor, the noodles were OK, perhaps a bit overcooked, and the beef was not as tender as i would have liked. i also got a side of pig ears, which yes, can be gross to some, but as a true chinese person....yes, i eat weird animal parts sometimes. i've had much better pig ears at nan xiang in flushing. these were maybe overcooked as well, and lacked some texture (maybe some cilantro woudl have helped?). and to add to it, i was SO thirsty all day afterwards. a true testament as to how much salt  went into that broth for flavoring.Guys if you are travelling to Philadelphia this is a must place to visit because the shave noodle was outstanding probably the best I've ever tasted. The broth was excellent really tasty. The only thing that can be improve is the restaurant should have a sign in sheet while waiting because it was very difficult to know who came first. Other than that WOW!!!I've been going to this noodle shop for a couple of years now. Each time, I can't get over how cheap and how delicious the noodles are. If it's warm out, you might want to try one of the noodle dishes that's not in a soup, but otherwise the beef brisket noodle soup is where it's at.
If you're lucky, one of the chefs will be in the kitchen (it's open to the dining area) actually making / pulling the noodles. 
Service is a little brusque but very fast, I don't think I've ever waited more than 5 minutes for my food. The place can get pretty full, as it probably doesn't seat more than 20-25 people, but mostly at dinnertime, like 5:30-7pm or lunch on the weekend.Most delicious noodles I have ever had. The shaved noodles are amazingly thick and so filling. Service is fast and wonderful and they are so cheap for the portion size you receive. I have gone back many times since my first visit and they never disappoint!I'm so happy to live so close to Chinatown. 
I have been to most of the good spots because my favorite foods are here.
 Considering the subpar atmosphere and okay service I give it a 4 for consistently having great food.
The noodles were mmmm and broth is nice but, I usually add spice and hoison.  The roast duck has that five spice sweetness, the oxtail is really tender and tasty. And those dang scallion pancakes gahh... and the sauce.   I've tried to make these at home but, whats the trick to the flawless flakery with the layered fluffy flakiness. 
You make it look so easy. Thank you for being pretty well priced too, it is appreciated.The real deal!
Plenty of seating and we got our order after only 3 minutes! Cash only so be wary. I took my parents here and they said these were some of the best noodles they've had in America if that tells you about the quality. I got the house special here and it was delightful. Not oily and full of flavor! The meat was tender and the broth was refreshing.I legit don't understand the hype. This restaurant was on my top five restaurants to try in Philly, but it didn't live up to expectations at all. 
I came here with a friend at 12:30pm. The restaurant was about a quarter-filled at that point. The noodles were prepared really quickly after we ordered, so that was nice. 
I ordered the Beef Brisket Noodle Soup (牛腩面). It was just alright. The broth wasn't anything amazing. Usually, I'm not a fan of noodles, but I love Chinese 拉面. That's why I wanted to give this place a try. But, nope. I didn't like the texture of the noodles at all. They were thick and kind of doughy. Not a fan. 
I do have to admit, the prices are good. The beef brisket soup was under $10. You can get a nice hearty meal for cheap here. I can see why people would enjoy coming here in the winter. Also, there was A/C, so it was nice and cool. 
But overall, I wasn't impressed with the quality of the food. Will not be coming back here.Nan Zhou is the place to go for an authentic, filling, and affordable meal in Chinatown. Although I always opt for their noodle soup dishes (beef brisket is the way to go), friends have spoken very highly of their other menu offerings. BYOB.great place to go.!!! try the beef brisket drawn noodle soup.!!  great food, price and service !NOOOODLES!!!!!!!!! IN SOOOUUUUP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My favorite thing in the world!
First lunch in Philly and first official food stop on Philly food crawl brought us through an especially animated Chinatown (4th of July apparently makes us Chinese break out the....Dragon dance? Chinese operas? Cooking demos????). Ten minutes of politely wending through the crowds and we finally made it in here.
The boyfriend and I are avid noodle soup fans and he was just plain delighted by the opportunity to watch real noodle-makers making noodles...by hand! I love this place for being so Taiwanese. The staff speak Taiwanese Mandarin, they serve pickled vegetables on top as garnish the way only Taiwanese people do and the menu has a big emphasis on beef noodle soups. Ahhh! I'm in Taiwan heaven!
I got the beef brisket and the boy got the sliced beef. Now, you have to understand that beef noodle soup is the comfort food, the slice of pizza, the pint of Ben & Jerry's, the mac 'n' cheese of Taiwanese cuisine. And just like those wonderful items, beef noodle soup can come in many forms. At its most unhealthy, it is thick and hearty, spicy and slightly greasy with fatty chunks of tender beef. That's my favorite version of it.
But I am not averse to its more healthful cousin. The light, almost clear, flavorful broth, the low-fat cuts of beef, the healthy spinach, the utter lack of grease or spice of any kind. This is what Nan Zhou serves. And it's so delicious. It's like chicken soup for the soul. The Taiwanese soul. And I can't believe it's under $6 for a piping hot bowl of this. Oh God, I wish I could bring this restaurant back to Boston!This is my go-to noodle place in Center City. I've had their house special soup noodles, which is very good. However, their fresh seafood fried noodles are deceiving. The seafood that came with the dish did not seem very fresh, but it may be that I simply don't have a discerning taste. The food portions are on the larger side, which I like because I tend to eat a lot :)The food at this place is solid especially the noodle dishes, we had the ox stomach soup which was perfect. The duck soup also was a must order with shaved noodles. The other dishes were solid bit nothing that I would rave about.Delicately flavored soup here is a winner.  It is properly prepared, not lacking in flavor.  Experienced diners know this, so enjoy it for what it is or order something else.
Service is quick and to the point.  Cash only.
Noodles are hand made and are truly great-  go with friends and share!Food for people who don't like to eat.
Noodle soup = thin broth, cheap meat or poultry for hint of flavor, a few greens.
That's it.  Oh, yeah, the noodles, too; nothing special about them.  If that sounds like dinner to you, this may be your place.  It sure wasn't dinner to me.Their noodle soups are really good.  I read the review before traveling here and I'm really glad we stop by tonight.  I highly recommend this place to people who love noodles.The soups served here can be comparable to Pho.
If it's your first time here, I would recommend getting the Shaved Noodles since they're a unique texture you might not find other places. Otherwise, the Hand Drawn noodles are also good.
When I was here, the bathroom did not have running water. If there's no running water in the bathroom, then what about the main kitchen? This is probably a sanitary issue so this place gets 3 stars even though the food is good.
My party's table was wobbly.
Prices are great and proportions are big.i love hand drawn noodles for the art of making noodles and the chewy "bouncy" texture one gets with each bite.  a little disappointed that the noodles were not that chewy and was a bit in the soggy side.  got the special noodle soup, which came with meatballs.  noodles were all different sizes, which indicates man made noodles.  meatballs were a bit soft. soup was flavorful. i liked how the noodle soup comes with a lot of vegetables tooo!
i like how simple, comfortable food can be delicious.The only thing is good about this place is the portion size. I have to say it's pretty big. However, the table were dirty, there was oil on my table. The dishes, small dipping sauces had water stand on it and there was one dipping sauce still had a piece of food (I think it was onion). Eww. I don't understand why this place has a lot of reviews. IT'S A TRAP.
I say if you want to try it, get the soup base, don't get the stir fried noodle (it tasted like your local Chinese take out lo mein). They only take cash (which is normal in Chinatown) and they have an atm at the entry door.The fresh in-house noodles have great texture; dense and slightly chewy whether they are hand drawn or shaved. Had both types as we ordered two noodle soups(ox tail and clam) with shaved noodles, while we tried the hand drawn noodles with pork soy sauce. Also got the spicy pig ear appetizer, which wasn't overly spicy but was nicely balanced with the pickled carrots and daikon underneath. Just like the noodles, Nan Zhou really nailed down the texture on the pig ears as well. 
Service is super fast; we were able to get all our food within 5 minutes or ordering it. The only downside I could really find is that the broth for the soups was a bit bland, which docks a star.Very good food at a great price. This is authentic Chinese food and tastes very fresh. You will leave full without feeling heavy and gross!AMAZING!!! noodles in pork soy sauce was simple but delicious and the noodles oh my god!!! A perfect chewy noodle ... the steamed pork with chive dumplings were perfectly cooked and popping with flavor... the pork chop with rice was juicy and well season !!! This place was just what I craved and more then I expected. I can not say enough about the noodles !!! The chili oil at the table was phenomenal I've had a lot of chili oil's and this by far is my favorite it was so good I asked if they sold it and they do 7$ for a pint and 14$ for a quart. BOMB.COM!!!!Stick to the noodles and you'll be fine. The portions are huge. My friend and I shared a bowl of noodles w/ beef brisket. Quite tasty. We also got spicy beef tendon as appetizer and it was good too...we added it to the soup.
Don't get the coconut curry pan-friend dumplings. Just don't.Very good roast pork noodle soup; strong duck flavor and the noodles had nice bite. The seafood stir fried fresh noodles, on the other hand, were standard Chinese-American fare, with fake crab.Fantastic and cheap. I love the rich and savory #14 noodles with pork soy. Get it with a fried egg and shaved noodles. What are shaved noodles you ask? Delicious - the shape is like narrow strips of shwarma made from noodle, complete with varied thickness and scrappy ends. 
A good fast lunch place, not much space. Plain tables and a Chinese movie plays from a big screen by the front window.This place is off the hook! I ordered these  wholesome and decedent noodles submerged in peanut sauce and sprinkled with scallions, and they were the best two dollars that I have ever spent.  Nanzhou is cheap, and I mean 400% recession proof-times are tough-bang for your buck-inexpensive. I am a "plain Jane" eater who makes sorry attempts to be an adventurous eater, so to be safe I went for the noodles in peanut sauce. I was given a small mountain of their home made noodles that could of easily fed three people. My friend got a heaping bowl of duck noodle soup that looked good, and her mom ordered wonton noodle soup which was also appetizing. I think most entrees are six dollars (a bargin compared to the eight and nine dollar entrees available at surrounding locations). Other reasons Nanzhou's wins are its late hours and cozy and clean atmosphere. Not too clustered or dimly lit or anything. Good speedy service as well. So get to Nanzhou Hand Drawn Noodle House and prepare your five star yelp reviews!I've heard so many great things about this place, so my expectations were pretty high going in. 
I ordered the scallion pancakes, barbecue lamb on a stick,the coconut curry fried dumplings, and two braised beef noodles (one with a fried egg on top for me).
Everything was fine.  The scallion pancakes were pretty yummy. Fluffy and not oily. The lamb was fresh and hot. 
 The amount of noodles you get for $8 is INSANE, so it's definitely a bang for your buck. I couldn't finish my noodles and had to take the rest home. However, none of the dishes really wowed me enough to consider coming back. I had to doctor up my noodles with the sesame oil and soy sauce. 
The service was also questionable. I didn't receive  the waters I ordered and my friends order of noodles wasn't put in, so I had to wait for it to arrive before I could eat mine. It was a challenge to get my waitresses attention and she rarely checked up on me. All in all, this place didn't live up to the hype for me.Cheap?  Yes!  Good food?  No way!   Hand drawn noodles??  I've tasted ramen noodles better than this stuff and I dislike ramen noodles.   Only thing that saves this place is the broth!  Actually, nothing can save this place.   My water had someones hair in it also, not tasty!!
Happy Eating!  Just not here!This place was great. We were seated really fast and the service was fast as well. The food was delicious and big portions. I got the noodles with the duck. Noodles were super fresh and tasty. I'm only in town for a conference but I would definitely come back when I'm in Philly again.Top notch food, service was good, food came out very quickly and it was fresh. Prices were reasonable. Def check this place out, or your out of your noodleI've eaten a lot of noodles in my life and these are just ok.  I was expecting something a little better.  Overall it's a good bowl of noodles but didn't necessarily seem fresh made noodles.  I had the Seafood soup noodles which had more imitation crab meat then real seafood and my daughter got the braised (spicy) noodle.   Like I said, it was just ok.  Maybe we ordered the wrong dishes bc the place was packed and everyone seemed happy.I've never had hand drawn noodles before so I don't have much to compare this too but I can tell you they are significantly better than any other noodles I've tried. They are more doughy and have a lot of flavor and I strongly recommend to anyone craving noodles but looking for something new! Also one dish is definitely enough to split between two people!The beef brisket noodle soup is simply glorious. Tender brisket, light yet full-bodied broth, refreshing spinach and pickles, and the most toothsome handmade noodles I've had in a long time if ever. This seemingly bottomless bowl of paradise can be yours for $5.75.
One thing to know is that if you show up by yourself, they might seat you across from another companionless noodlephile. You and this stranger will avoid eye contact until his steaming bowl of oxtail arrives as an icebreaker.Then you'll discover that you're the same age, share the same country of origin, and grew up in the same county in Virginia. No really.Delicious pork noodles and good people watching. I wanted to try all the dishes I saw, too.Not bad, very cheap. I think i got a seafood noodle soup with the wide noodles. Very small place.It's been a while since I've seen you, Nanzhou. Don't worry, I did not forget about you.
Everytime I want some soup with noodles or filling asian food, I think of you. All I can think about is savoring those hand-stretched noodles that seem to never end as I slurp them up. Those noodles you've got are hard to catch with those chopsticks, which may be difficult for novices like me, but I hope I can learn. And I miss the soup that is warm and not overbearing.
Such a great deal. Such a big bowl. Such a low price. I miss you, Nanzhou. Hopefully see you soon!Wow, I'm so happy to have finally tried this place.  Cheap food, super delicious, and authentic. This place brings me back to the noodle shops in China and the flavor is incredibly delicious.  I got the beef tendon shaved noodle soup.  The beef tendon was cut in nice chunks and seemed have been marinated.  The chunks allow you to taste the cartilage, gelatinous texture of the tendon, and marinade gave it an amazing flavor.  The shaved noodle was nice and chewy.  The broth was so flavorful and had fresh greens in it which brightened as well.  We also got the combination beef and pig ears.  Also  fantastic.  Nothing but delicious food here.Ate at this restaurant when it first opened up in its original location before moving to Race St.  It was a lot better then.  I can say that the noodles are great, and the appetizers are to die for, but the soup is simply loaded with MSG, and that's a big turn off.Braised beef with Hand drawn noodle and spicy cold noodle are what we ordered. Double thumb up!Delicious noodles - great place for a quick meal. Use fish or soy sauce on the noodles!The noodle was good. The environment was... well you should know what you are expecting when you go to a Chinatown restaurant. Cheap eat.I love noodles more than rice, so this is place was perfect! It is great for a quick and delicious bite too. I got a simple order of peanut sauce noodle. The noodles are what make the dish different. Ordinary store noodles definitely don't compare. The noodles here are "chewy" or as some people call QQ, which is one of the main components of handmade noodles. The plus, the food came out really fast! The ambience was pretty calm when I went...the downside, the service was okay. There isn't anyone at the door to seat you...they pretty much just point and tell you where to sit...oddly, they don't take card either? The setup is a little awkward too, because if it's 1-2 people eating, they're placed pretty close next to a table of 4...other than that, the food was great! I'd definitely come back to try different noodle dishes!I wanted a quick carryout meal while staying overnight in Philadelphia.  Nan Zhou was close to my hotel and one of many options on the street for Chinese/Asian food.  I decided on it given the number of patrons and the options looked tasty.  I got the chicken noodle dinner.  These were probably the driest noodles I had ever eaten.  The plate was devoid of flavor.  I had to add the included spicy side option just to give it a bit of flavor, but it was still dry.  Perhaps I just got a bad plate, but I don't know how this place gets such great reviews.  The service did seem friendly when I was there, and perhaps there are better plates there.  I would give them a second chance if I was in the area - but this time wasn't great.Got the house special with the meatballs noodle soup. The meatball was very yummy I wanted more. The beef was very tender and the noodles was good.  But the broth was too salty and there was a lot of noodles(more than I would like).  Service was bad, I had to flag down the waitress twice to get the bill.Returned to Nan Zhou a week ago the night after Hurricane Sandy visited the town. Luckily, Philly didn't get hit too badly so I could drive to Nan Zhou's for a warm treat!
I got the meatball hand drawn noodles. The noodles weren't as good as I remembered them to be (although still delicious) and the meatballs were meh. The meatballs are Lan Zhou are AMAAAAZZINGGG (even though Nan Zhou's noodles are a lot better).
Can they bring Lan Zhou's meatballs to Nan Zhou's please? :(This is a soup like no other. I've been several times and, like several other reviewers, recommend the brisket soup. I like the hand drawn noodles. You can ask for them to be extra thin, which i typically do. The shaved noodles are thick and almost like dumplings instead of noodles. I dont like them very much. 
Trying Nan Zhou for the first time may be a little intimidating. Especially if you get seated at the round communal table. You sort of feel like you are showing up at someone's house unexpectedly. But, once you try the soup, you'll invite yourself again and again.Nan Zhou is a great place! Walked in for an early lunch today and we were immediately seated. The four of us got: the kelp appetizer, coconut chicken fried dumplings, lamb noodle soup, roast duck noodle soup, oxtail noodle soup, and beef tendon noodle soup. Two of us got the hand pulled noodles and two of us got the shaved noodles.  (And all of this came out to about $40!  Gotta love Chinatown.)
Everything was very tasty!  The kelp was nice and spicy and the dumplings were great. Nice skins and had a delicious dipping sauce. I had the oxtail and I thought it was very good. The hand pulled noodles were great--there's nothing quite like fresh handmade noodles. This was exactly what I was looking for. 
The service was fine, they very promptly brought out tea for us and service was very fast!  Just don't forget that this is a cash only place, so be sure to hit the ATM first!This place was fantastic! I had a looong layover at PHL and decided to leave the airport in search of some food. I ordered the hand shaved noodles with beef brisket noodle soup. It was incredible! The noodles were delicious, the brisket was fantastic. We also ordered the spicy pig ears, which I was hesitant about at first. They were also really yummy.
This restaurant only accepts cash so remember that when going! There's a great bakery across the street for a treat afterward!Food is too delicious，noodles is very strong, fry knife cut noodle is very delicious, the store is very clean, the waiter attitude is very good. 
I travel to the store, I have a great meal. But after found meal I lost a cup, then the store help me to mail back for free, that's great.Chinatown has to be my favorite part of Philly to get lunch on a budget and this place is the cream of the crop. I went in during a cold rainy day recently to get their famous noodles and was blown away by how much flavor they pack into their bowls. Despite being packed our service was spot on throughout the meal. I went for the sliced beef noodle soup which after one smell I knew I was in for a treat. The addition of Siracha made these noodles better than even imaginable. For a little variety I had a spring roll and gyoza as sides and this was some of the best gyoza I've had. I love that they bring over tea to sip on throughout your meal. 
Cash only but you really don't need much as I was in for about $12 with tip for this glorious feast.First time in Philly! This place was awesome! I ordered the fish ball noodle soup. The best fish balls I have ever tasted. My husband got the oxtail soup. You can really tell the difference in these noodles. I also ordered pan fried pork dumplings, which were so good! $20 meal for a cold day, filled me up, warmed me up, happy me!Food is served really quickly which is awesome. Mediocre to good food. Issue for me is if your place is actually called hand drawn noodles then the noodles better be damn fresh and delicious. For some reason I always leave disappointed. I'm no noodle expert but something is amiss. There are other restaurants in Chinatown that make better (actually, amazing) hand drawn noodles.Best noodles I've had (fair warning I haven't had a ton of noodle dishes). But rarely do I enjoy the broth by itself, I was straight drinking this broth.Cheap delicious Lanzhou noodles! The zhajiang mian (pork sauce noodles) was a bit too soggy and not quite like the real thing, but the beef noodles were perfect.  Enjoyed the daoxiao style- thick noodles that are knife cut.  Also loved the beef appetizer- very tasty and authentic.  For $5-6 a bowl, it's hard to go wrong here!Solid dinner. Didn't blow my mind. Maybe need to try more. Got a scallion pancake, curry chicken dumplings, stir fry noodles with shrimp, and house special meatball noodle soup.After coming here and tasting these delicious noodles, you probably will never go anywhere else in Chinatown.  You definitely will not be disappointed.
I got the beef brisket noodle soup - everything from the broth, the tasty meat, to the noodles were all perfect.  You can definitely tell the noodles are hand made and are authentic.
My boyfriend also got the chicken stir fry and dumplings.  Both dishes were very good, but, I think they are most known for their noodle soup!   One thing you have to keep in mind is that this place is cash only so make sure to stop by the ATM or bring the cash with you.
Service was good and the food came out really fast.  The prices are really good too - you definitely get your moneys worth. 
If you are ever in the Philly area, PLEASE GO!  It's worth it :)Came here about 9:30pm on a friday... no wait. I had the beef brisket hand drawn noodle and a pan fried dumpling to share. The soup wasn't too salty so it was good. They put way too much parsley in it though! Beef brisket was so-so... too much hard connective tissues that was not edible and just a couple of good meat pieces. The noodle itself was pretty decent... thin but good springy texture. Pork in the pan fried dumpling was quite salty, and they put in lots of chives which I happen to like. Dumpling skin was relatively thin which I prefer so that was good. Price was very reasonable!CASH ONLY
When I first starting planning a trip to Philly, I sure as hell didn't have a Chinese restaurant on my list of places to try. But during my research, I kept getting redirected back to Nan Zhou. Was it really worth checking out? Yes (twice, in fact!). 
Not too far from our hotel and Reading Terminal Market, in the center of Chinatown lives Nan Zhou. They've graduated from a hole-in-the-wall and designed their interior similar to a pho restaurant. There's the familiar large container filled with chopsticks, spoons, small dishes, and a bottle of Sriracha on every table. The menu is uncomplicated and consists of many cheap options. 
Beef noodle soup (5/5) - superior than the best I've had in NY.
Pot stickers (4/5) - crisp on the inside
Service can be spotty and we had to wave them down a couple times. This had no effect on the deliciousness of the food, and for that I can't give them less than 5 stars.I'm a bit confused about the rapturous shudders reverberating about this restaurant.  I enjoyed my meal, and it was good considering where it's located, but nothing was really outstanding.  I got the beef brisket noodle soup with shaved noodles for $5.75.
The beef brisket wasn't particularly tender at all.  Fortunately, I was dining with friends, who did not judge me for gnawing ferociously at cartilage.  It definitely needed another hour with the pressure cooker.  As expected, the shaved noodles came in a variety of sizes, which usually makes the noodles fun to eat.  However, some of my noodles were so different in size, that the smaller pieces became very mushy with overcooking.  This problem is avoided with the hand drawn noodles me thinks.  
Lastly, the broth wasn't very flavorful.  It had a light beef flavor, but was generally pretty light on taste.  Our table and the one next to us had to reach several times for additional seasoning (provided at the table), including fish sauce, vinegar, sriracha, chili oil.  Until my heart starts failing me, I like my food to come pre-seasoned at a restaurant.  
All in all, it was a filling and pleasant bowl of noodles, in a non-pretentious restaurant with dirty floors (my kind of place).  But I will forfeit my place in line to the enthusiasts.We parked across the street in a 30 min zone, so time was a bit of an issue. I normally don't like to eat and run, but finding parking in Chinatown is a pain, so I pulled into the first spot I found.  We didn't originally have this place in mind, but since we were short on time and nearby decided to give it a try ( I recognized the name from Yelp). As soon as we entered, we were greeted and seated immediately, and put in our order within 5 min. However, unsure that 25 min was enough time for the food to be served and for us to finish concerned me. After another short 5 -ish min, just as soon as I thought I should move my car, the food came out. We had 20 min to enjoy every last spoonful of the hot, fresh, hand drawn noodles, and we did. The broth was warm and soothing on the cold winter day and seasoned well with cilantro, green onion and spinach- all fresh. The meat we ordered, duck and ox tail paired well with the soup, but after reading the reviews on the brisket, decided that's a must for next time and there WILL be a next time! We grabbed a to-go menu and noticed that you can add an egg for an addtn'l $0.50. That will also be on our order for next time. I can't wait to go back!Big bowls of wonderful noodles. This is where you find em. 
Knife-shaved or hand-drawn, delicious and they shan't cost you you a pretty penny. You can work some deliciousness into that shoestring budget...or noodle budget, if you will...and I suggest that you do.
I'll be agreeing with many others in proclaiming that I too prefer the knife-shaved noodles with that extra toothy-chew. When I think of Nan Zhou, I recall that it's a perfect thing to run in on a cold. cold, Winter day for some speedy noodle soup. Sliced beef or brisket, or lamb, or roast duck, I have never been disappointed... Doctor that soup up how you want it with all the condiments you need, right there on the table. Dig many spoons of that hot chili oil on everything. Hit that up.
Nan Zhou...now that the sweltering heat of Summer is upon us, don't think that I'll be a stranger. Nope, you'll not be allowed to call me "The Red Headed Stranger." Mostly you shouldn't cause I'm not Willie Nelson...but it also wouldn't make any sense cause I was just up in your noodle house the other day.
 I could never forget about Nan Zhou, now that I'm hooked. 
"Noodle with Pork Soy Sauce," I just said aloud, to myself, in the night. I'm sure that's the normal behavior of any Nan Zhou enthusiastFirst time at this noodle house and I will definitely be going back.  The broth was exquisite and the noodles heavenly. Service was fast and friendly, just know before you go it is cash only (ATM inside)I am partial to pho places, honestly.  I like the extras that pho comes with that this place doesn't include but this is not to say that this place isn't good.  It is.  It's cheap, it's tasty, very nice fresh ingredients and the service is pleasant.  
The cucumbers in sauce is a really nice garlic and vinegar dish.  The cucumbers are really crunchy.  
The soups, keeping in mind that I like pho better, are made with very fresh and aromatic vegetables and the noodles have a very nice consistency and are tasty in their own right.
I ordered some dumplings and the spicy tendon dish for take out - all were excellent, truly.
Overall I really like this place a lot and will go there more often.  
This place does not take credit cards so bring cash.If the only thing I ate here was the house special noodle soup it'd have all 5 of the stars. But I got the lamb noodle soup which was really good - the noodles are excellent, flavorful broth - but side by side with the combo/house special soup it pales in comparison. Two friends I was with got dry noodle dishes and both said they would get the soups next time.This review is for TAKE-OUT.
I called in my order and went in a bit later to pick it up. Of course, being an asian restaurant, the service is not great. I waited a bit longer once I got there. I also added a Thai iced tea to my order and they mixed it up pretty quickly. Got back to my hotel and at my Knife shaved noodle beef soup. Sucks that my noodles were all stuck together and it was so hard to peel them apart. The noodles were okay and the flavor of the soup was pretty good.I walked seven blocks in the pouring rain, dragging a suitcase behind me, balancing a purse, an umbrella, and a garment bag, just to get a meal here. If that doesn't tell you how good it is, then I don't know what will!
Last time I came here, I got the beef tendon appetizer, which came in a huge portion. It wasn't until I came home with the leftovers that I found the pickled radish hiding under the mound of beef tendon. This is a good appetizer to share, especially with the beef and radish together, but I don't recommend it for a solo diner. I also got the ox tail noodle bowl, but was a little disappointed since I was really in the mood for pho that day.
This time, I did it right and ordered the fish ball soup. The fish balls are incredibly delicious. I'm not sure how they are made, but they taste much better than the frozen kind I get from the store. There is a delicious pork surprise in the middle of every fishball, which made them that much better. The hand-pulled noodles are chewy and plentiful, for you noodle folks. If you're more of a broth person like me, you might want to request a half portion, since it will still be plenty of food for you, and you won't have to fight the noodles to get to the broth. What made the noodles even better was adding some vinegar to the broth, and there is this fishy hot sauce in the jar that added a delicious kick. Totally work the trudge in the rain and the sore arms!Loved this place!!! BYOB and extremely reasonable prices. The pigs ears and jelly fish was my favorite dish. I had the beef tendon soup which was great! Not sure about the hand pulled noodles. They were chewy and fresh, but almost perfectly shaped across all bowls. Made me wonder... anyways, will be back!!!We drove to Philly last Saturday just to have some noodles and buy some Chinese groceries. It was hot that day and we could not help wiping our face while enjoying our delicious noodle soups. We ordered five bowls for four of us (my husband needed an extra). Two of them are beef (w/extra fried egg or marinated egg), two of them are beef brisket and the fifth is fish ball. They are all very nice and even my picky dad did not complain. Total bill is $28.xx and it is a bargain for four of us. There were five fish balls in the fish ball noodle soup and I was surprised that they were very tasty with fish outside and ground pork inside.One of my go to spots for a bowl of flavor and texture. Simple decor, good for a group.You don't find places like these anymore. With $5-6 for a bowl of gigantic noodles and plenty of meat, it is extremely worth the extra 30 minute ride from where I was. 
A nice little place - with excellent service. They also served bottle coke & sprite - which apparently is a lot better than caned ones. 
We also ordered Pig Ears - delicious! 
Being that I'm a New Yorker and we have plenty of Chinatowns, Philly's Chinatown makes this restaurant the #1 in their current location. A. Must. Try!This is my go-to place whenever I'm in Chinatown. The noodles are tender and perfectly complimented with your meat/fish of choice. Waiters are always friendly and cheerful. They serve quickly even on busy days. It's also a great deal and clean seating.I was too full to eat when I came here, but I still managed to finish half of my bowl of brisket noodle soup with handpulled noodles. I ate the rest tonight, and even though it's 90 degrees, I wished I had more. It was bustling, but we never felt rushed.  Food came fast, portion was huge for the price, water stayed full. Good reviews from my dining companions on sesame noodles and stir fry, too!Food is awesome and authentic. I'm surprised that they have shaved noodles cuz I'm a huge fan on them. Cash only is not satisfying for me, who never brings her cash with her. Maybe open for credit card above ten dollars? Poor service. The waitresses are mean.One of my favorites in Philly. Every time I go I get friendly fast service and the food is always fresh. This time I got the brisket soup with shaved noodles. So amazing. And only $8.25!!! My friend got the Ma Po tofu with shaved noodles. Spicy and rich, so good. Both of us ate and were stuffed for only $17.Had the oxtail soup with hand drawn noodles--SOOOO good!!!  I couldn't stop eating them and ate way too many.  Thought I'd better write the review before heading to food coma-land.  I've been missing good noodle soup in St. Louis and was glad to get a good fix. 
Eating the oxtail meat for the first time was tricky, but I managed without being thrown out or making too much of a mess. Would love to try the duck with razor noodles tomorrow!  
Service was fine. I smiled at the server, the server smiled back, and we left each other alone. Just the way I like it.
One last thing:  don't forget your cash!I would say the best Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle in Chinatown. The rest can't compare to it. The food are cheap and the service are decent. The food comes out really quick. It's perfect to bring your friend if you want to show them some good Asian noodle soup.Amazing! Noodle soups are so fresh and delicious. A must when you visit Chinatown in Philadelphia. You won't be disappointed!Dropped by this place based on the yelp reviews. My friends made the mistake of getting the rice. Do not get the rice. Always get the noodles. They were fantastic! I loved the soup. Its decor is very off-putting and you question it being true to the culture but the food is really what makes this trip worth while.really just an ok noodle place. Cheap yes, but not good. MSG soup. 
Xi'an famous food in new york is wayyy better. 
If you are Chinese, this is definitely not one of those Lan zhou hand pulled noodle places you expect.Best Chinese Comfort food you can get on a cold day or a night where you just feel like crap. Any beef noodle soup would do! Well, for me, anyway. They have coconut curry dumplings!! These were fantastic as hell. It's a rare find and great combination ingredient for dumplings.Came here for lunch after a week of being deprived of Asian food...Nan Zhou's hand drawn noodle soup definitely hit the spot! I got the seafood which was good for the price. Don't expect too many of the expensive meats like shrimp or scallop, but they make up for it with plenty of imitation crab. The real star of the show is their noodles anyways - trust me when I say they don't shirk you on quantity there.
If you don't like spinach, cilantro, or pickles you can ask for them on the side. Broth is not too oily!
My friend friend got the beef noodle soup - I could tell the meat was cooked well because it fell right off the bones.
This is my second time here and it's as good as I remember. Can't think of anything bad to say except to watch out for the food coma that comes in the afternoon...time to nap!Great Chinatown fare! We had the standard - pork and chive dumplings , chicken stir fried noodles and hand drawn noodle soup with beef. 
The quantities here are amazing and the service is super quick. Also, it's cash only. A must go if you're looking for a new place you haven't tried yet in Chinatown.Absolutely delicious. What a change from the greasy noodles you get in Chinese takeout. Everything we ordered was a delight and the staff were friendly, courteous, and especially child-friendly with our toddler. Clean bathrooms are a plus too and also usually mean a clean kitchen.I don't know that this place necessarily needs another review, but I just can't resist. This place was a great find on our day trip to Philly. We were seated fast (it was an off-hour) and the waitresses were very attentive. The food is absolutely fantastic. I got the shaved noodle roasted pork stir fry. I loved the chewy texture of the shaved noodle and liked that you could actually see the edges from where they were shaved off. Definitely a place to go if you're in China town, but don't get it confused with the other hand drawn noodle place that has almost an identical name.The ultimate comfort food - this place does not skimp on the noodles!! Tried noodles in both the stir fry and soup form and both were excellent and definitely worth the price (about $8). Heads up that this place is cash only.This place has no ambiance. It is florescent light hell... Esp when you're drunk or hungover. You often are seated next to random people--people you wouldn't want to be sat next to. It's loud. So why 4 stars? The food, silly. It's amazing, And cheap. The noodle soup is fantastic. I eat the soy sauce pork noodle dish once a week. Stir fry is also extraordinarily tasty. And it's cheap and BYO. It's a Chinatown standout--which is why they moved locations; the other couldn't accommodate all its fans. You might have to wait, but not too long. And it's worth it.I love love love the hand drawn noodles with the meatballs & a fried egg! Me & my boyfriend love to enjoy hot fresh hand drawn noodles any day. Such a great filling & satisfying meal for a very low price. You can always add meatballs to any noodle dish, 3 for a $1. Yummy little meatballs wrapped like little dumplings.  Be sure to try them!First time I've eaten food in Chinatown. This place is high on the list of favorites. My daughter and I were seeing the sights on her first trip to Philly and decided to give this place a try. We both had the seafood drawn noodle soup and fell in love. We will def be back!OH MAN!....haven't had hand pulled noodles since I was in China!
Food (8.5/10) = Ordered the Beef brisket noodle soup, the 'zha jiang mian," and the assorted meat appetizer.  The soup and beef brisket were  flavorful, although some pieces were tough.  The noodles...one bite and you'll know these noodles are fresh.  Zha jian mian was ok, nothing great.  The assorted meat appetizer was delicious - thin slices of beef, beef tendon, and pork ears.  
Ambiance (7.5/10) = standard look of a Chinese restaurant.  Not as clean as some of the other restaurants in the area, but...there seems to be a negative correlation between cleanliness and taste with Chinese restaurants.  The more it looks like a hole in a wall, the better the food tastes.
Service (7.5/10) = standard service you'll find at a Chinese restaurant.  Nothing special.  Tea was on the table. 
Overall Opinion = If I lived in Philly, I would visit this place on a regular basis.  I love hand pulled noodles, and it's hard to find places that do this in the US.I got the braised sliced beef noodle soup- this is good if you like spicy foods. It wasn't spicy to the point where you couldn't eat it. The food came out extremely fast and was cheap too.
I'd come back again!超讚湯頭跟親民價位，外加中文也能通點點餐方式
冷冷的天氣來上一碗叉燒湯麵，從外太空爽到行天宮
不過要注意的是，這家店只收現金，所以去之前確定自己的皮夾是否有足夠的錢，不然也是有ATM可以領啦，只是要手續費Work nearby so all my food comes from Chinatown, I might be some pale-Slavic-guy but I've gotten to know where to go and where not to go in Chinatown. The thing to answer first is absolutely no you won't get food poisoning this is a fine establishment. Their noodles certainly are hand drawn and if it's a soup it's going to have a well balanced fresh broth. If it's noodles theyll be perfect. Dumplings are great and you got to try their noodles with peanut sauce. They get the spice right on that where alot of other restaurants keep it less spicy for the white Anglo Saxon Protestants visiting Chinatown. If you're hungry and you came from a bar, go here if there's a table. And if Dim Sum Garden(adjacent) was full, order Dim Sum here. 
The cashier always gives me a whole glass of hot green tea while I wait for my takeout no charge, (I'm sure 20% of the water in my body is their green tea at any give time, I'm at work all the time).Had the beef, beef tendon, and pig ear platter to start. The beef was very dry. The tendon and ear were very thinly sliced, which I liked, but they were also in long strands that made eating them difficult (they way they were sliced would be good for banh mi).
Had the roast duck and the clam noodle soups. The noodles were good, and it's fun to watch them draw them (for around 30 seconds) , but I found the broth kinda boring. I would also prefer to have a few big clams than a bunch of little ones. The clams were also a bit sandy.
This place is very busy, so go early.I love love love this restaurant. They increased their menu when they changed locations, but they've always had vegan options. Their hand drawn noodles are some of the best I've had and it's very inexpensive. I've never had a problem with the service.
I would recommend this restaurant to everyone.I love this place! I doubt you can get a meal as comforting and delicious as a bowl of their noodle soup anywhere for $5. And not only is the food superb and the prices rock-bottom, but the service is crazy-fast! It's like they know what you are going to order before you sit down. My first visit to Nanzhou was on a first date; the relationship didn't work out, but my love for hand-drawn noodles lives on.The braised sliced beef noodle soup is my favorite. Fast service. Cash only and street parking.As it's name descriptively states, Nan Zhou is a noodle house.  But, I say it's a little more than that.  Unlike what most people probably expect from a Chinatown restaurant, Nan Zhou is clean, with its decor obviously furnished by Ikea.  It seems to be common practice here to seat guests at tables together with other strangers (i.e., like the communal tables found at Le Pain Quotidien).  This is fine, except when it's just two people, and you're both sitting next to each other at a round table.  Conversation gets a bit more difficult and awkward.
Anyway, onto the food!  We ordered the steamed pork and chive dumplings, fish ball noodle soup, and brisket noodle soup.  The steamed pork and chive dumplings sound delicious, but we were both less than impressed.  I had the fish noodle soup, which came in a very generous portion - the noodles (which you can get hand drawn or shaved) filled up pretty much 70% of the bowl, with the rest of the space taken up by the fish balls, veggies, and broth.  I'm always a little hesitant to order "fish balls," because, really, what is in "fish balls"?  But, I decided I'd rather leave that a mystery because they were delicious and there was no need to ruin the experience.  
Out of five stars, I would give Nan Zhou a 4 - taking one away because it's cash only (I'm a credit card kind of guy) and the dumplings tasted like they came from Trader Joe's (no offense to all you TJ fans out there)!I admit I was not interested in noodles and was dragged in here one day when my girlfriend wanted to try it.  I know that this is a noodle house, but I was disappointed to find out that I couldn't order anything but the noodles.  Anyway, long story short I tried the duck noodles and they were really good. As it turns out the noodles come in a soup, and so I had a duck noodle soup for dinner.  It was tasty and I left full, but inevitably I was hungry again later.I'm gonna be honest here and say I really just think I might not get this whole noodle/soup fad. I mean sure, it was warm and kinda did the trick on a cold winter's night. And yeah it was the cheapest meal I've ever had in Philly..but it was nothing to write home about. 
I will admit I went with the egg and vegetable noodle bowl so maybe the meat options were better. There was literally not a single vegetable other than scallion in the broth, and it was rather unflavorful. I poured some major amounts siracha on it just to give my tastebuds to do. I did think the noodles had a nice texture, I just wish the broth matched the quality. 
Service is typical of a China town joint...by which I mean, it kind of sucks if you are clearly non-Asian. Waited forever for the check and to be served, but the food comes out in a hot second.在美国日本拉面随处可见，兰州拉面却不容易找到，这家兰州拉面店基本上传承了国内兰州拉面的风格，价格也实惠。只收现金。Their noodle soups are really good.  I read the review before traveling here and I'm really glad we stop by tonight.  I highly recommend this place to people who love noodleEnjoyed my oxtail hand drawn noodle soup. The flavors were not novel but I definitely appreciated the balance of meat carbs and vegs. Also tried the Thai curry dumplings, steamed but they turned out to be a bust. Quick service, family friendly, filling!The soup and noodles were very tasty and affordable. It's annoying that it's cash only. The ambiance is lacking, and the staff are efficient but come off as impersonal.Delicious as always, i always come here when feeling a little under the weather for the healing properties of pho... Anyways i usually get the vegetable stir fry with some hot tea, both are amazing and you too should get them, all the pho soups are awesome too especially the signature meat ball soup, portions are huge and prices are cheap, service is great an fast too! its a little noisey in here but there's sooo much to loveI have been there several times (I try to go every time I go to Philly because I am addicted to the broth in their soups), and I always thoroughly enjoy the food. I've had the "aromatic mixed platter" which is served cold. It was tasty, although I wasn't quite prepared for some of the textures. I have also had the ox tail soup with hand drawn noodles and the roast duck soup with shaved noodles. Both were delicious and had a unique broth tailored to the ingredients in each soup.  I can't wait to go back! 
I should note that I went before and after it was renovated. I almost prefer the old hole in the wall  feel, especially since you could see then drawing the noodles!!! =)We ordered sliced beef noodle soup(shaved noodle) and we thought it was terrible. The noodle is soggy and not chewy as they say. 
The soup doesn't have the real flavor except msg.The broth was bland and the shaved noodles weren't well prepared. All in all, very unsatisfying.I don't get it. Maybe I came in on a bad night, or ordered the wrong food, or my taste buds just aren't working, but I didn't think it was that great. Not much better than my neighborhood Chinese place.After our Hardena experience (you can check out my review), we wandered around the next day to find our next meal fix.  It was a beautiful day.  Looked into Garces Trading Post- looked too serious for a chill Saturday.  Stumbled upon the fried squid balls near Tria.  Then, I remembered that I wanted to check out Nanzhou's noodles.  
Pretty chill at a 8 pm on a Saturday night.  Families and couples.  The SLAP SLAP of the chef making noodles accompanied the flat screen showing a rubik's cube contest.
I ordered the Yu choi, beef tendon with the hubby's short rib noodle soup.  Quite delicious.   It's all about textures here.
Definitely on my top ten list of places to get a meal for $6.A great place to grab a comforting bowl of noodle soup. The hand drawn noodles are cooked to perfection; the broth really flavorful and not oily. I always get the same thing; Seafood Noodle Soup! You get two of every seafood; The fish balls are O.K., the shrimp, small clams and slivers of scallops are very fresh and tasty. My only complaint is that I wish they put in some more veggies and herbs in w/ the broth & noodles.
Last time I  also got the shaved noodles in peanut sauce. The texture of the thick strand of noodles was really nice and al dente; the sauce tasty. Next time I will try the dumplings.
Nice to see that the place has expanded in size. Kinda miss the charm of the original spot w/ the TV tuned to some Asian channel. Will not miss the blast of cold air every time someone opened the door while dining there in winter.This place is amazing. For the cost and the quality of food this is definitely the best Chinese I have had in a while. The fried pork dumplings are freaking amazing!  All the stirfry dishes too. Staff was courteous and the service is quick. Love it.