Stopped in for an early lunch while visiting nearby museums. Food was pretty good (eggs Benedict with crab cake), service was mostly good, and decor was really neat.  However, until a few more people showed, the staff had the music cranked up to late night club levels, including a couple of grating selections that set our teeth on edge and had us considering bolting out of the door.Atmosphere - Typical upscale bar. No televisions which I liked as a nice change of pace. 
Service - Perfect. No complaints. I really did appreciate how great each person of the staff was. Greeted with a smile, super patient server. Service itself was 5/5
Food - Good. Not great. 
Plantain Chips and Guacamole - Good. Not great. 4/5
Brussels Sprouts - Not really my thing, but our party of four decided to try it. 3/5
Pan-Seared Crab Cake with Roasted Pepper Aioli - I've had better. Very average. Sauce was okay. 3/5
National Burger - I liked that you could add items. My wife added avocado. I took two bites. I was very disappointed. 2/5
Drinks - Saved the day. Great drink menu and seasonal selection. 
Overall - I would not go back for the food. However, if we were just getting drinks and appetizers, I'd be okay knowing that they have great service and a great drink menu. I would not come back for a meal, however. 
Points for:Service and drinks. 
No points: FoodWent and had dinner with a group. Six of us were seated promptly. The food was great; simple and filling. The building and surrounding are really cool. Historic, quirky, warm and inviting. 
Our server, Zack was quick and efficient. More importantly he was personable and funny. I'd recommend asking for him. 
Will visit again next time I'm in town visiting family.Amazing place. Will definitely return in the near future. The veggie burger is delicious along with there specialty cocktails.We stopped at National Mechanics after dinner on a Friday night.
The building was cool, outside and in.
Their drink specials and variety were solid.
The DJ was playing a sweet mix of indie and 80s dance music.
There were too many people in plaid flannel shirts for my liking, but it wasn't that hard to push them out of the way and order my libation.
Overall, a less-lame spot to party in Old City.I have to be honest, this is the worst bar I've been to. It's not dirty or anything and I didn't try the food, however, that doesn't excuse how terrible everything else is.
The drinks were watered down and EXPENSIVE. We spent over $60, for two, for only a few drinks that hardly tasted like there was any alcohol in them at all. It was outrageously ridiculous. Not to mention every glass was filled to the brim with ice. The music was everything I could easily listen to on the radio - nothing worth dancing to. And there are two unisex bathrooms with lines that take at least 30 mins on a weekend.
Point blank, I can drink at home and have more fun. Disappointed and don't see why I'd want to go back.Before Sixers game we thought we'd do some bar hopping in the city. This place was fun. We're on the old side, for the patrons we saw inside, but still enjoyed immensely. Our young bartender was very friendly, even though a shaken martini seemed a little out of character for the establishment, she did it perfect. The other young server waiting on the tables had tattoos on just about every area visible, but just added to the enjoyment of that culture today. Would recommend it on your bar hopping tour.Good bar food, great drinks, and good music for a casual night of dancing! It can get pretty crowded on weeknights, so not meant for you if you're claustrophobic. I loved the mac and cheese!Delicious food, we ordered the mezcal wings, the ratatouille, the crab cakes, and a Gelato dessert.  The food and cocktails were outstanding, as was the service.  The restaurant has a great vibe, the only negative is that it is a little loud (reason for 4 stars). Would definitely recommend! The restaurant seems to be in an old church and decoration is pretty unique, fun place and fun staff!Great wings, friendly staff, and off the tourists radar.
If you are in old city and in need of a drink or a quick meal, stop here you will find something that you like.
Did I mention that the wings are great?I've been here twice and have had great experiences on both occasions.  The food and drink are good and the waitstaff is friendly.  We went this past Saturday night with a group of 12 and they were able to quickly seat us and take care of us.  The atmosphere is cool and it's a good place to kick off a night of bar crawling around Old City.Having lived in Philly for 17 years and having seen Old City go through its transformations, National Mechanics is hands down the best spot in the neighborhood. Great food and friendly staff (very low turnover). Good nightlife program for after dinner, too, if you're in the area.Cool place with a good variety of beers.  Big tables to fit large groups. Servers friendly.Mixed feelings about this place. Visited on a Sunday morning around 11:00. I wanted to like this place, but he service held it back. Waited over 20 minutes to receive our drinks after ordering them, and that was after asking the hostess about their status.
Food finally and was very underwhelming. The decor was great and I did like the venue.Came here for Faux Pas a while back.  Maybe I got there too early but it was painfully awkward.  I've never been in such a crowded place that felt so divided.  There was a DJ but no one was dancing and it took twenty minutes to get a drink at the bar.  There was an invisible line dividing the after-work crowd and hipsters that came for the event.  Cover was expensive ($10 i think?) but the drinks were cheap.  I ended up leaving early and eventually ended up at the old Barbary.  This was a while back but some of my friends are heading there tonight so I thought I'd write a review.The food rules, the beers rule (awesome pitcher prices, too), very cool decor.
It seems like the have a good Quizzo, too, with Irish John I think his name is. Irish Somebody.
Pretty good prices, too!
I know the Old City Sideshow performs there once in a while, which is awesome, but my loyalties lie with the Squidling Bros. Sideshow Circus.I go here for lunch fairly often. Sometimes for dinner. Service at the bar has consistently been friendly. I love the hummus and quesadilla appetizers. The cheesesteak is also good. Good selection of beers on tap. I also appreciate the somewhat quirky decor, and the local "celebrity" likenesses on the glasses.We always end up here.  The tap list is ever changing and the food is great despite a small menu. Nachos are very recommended!The last time I was at National Mechanics a couple of months ago, I ate a hummus plate (my friend was eating it, and then I ordered one myself) which was absolutely THE best hummus I've ever eaten in the world. Unexpectedly, mysteriously good. Hummus isn't even the first thing I think of ordering at a bar, but this was just unbelievable. 
I went back and ordered the hummus plate last evening, and it was just regular hummus. I don't know if that other thing was a special, but please bring it back!
On the other hand, I drank a fantastic pineapple jalapeño margarita this time. The quesadilla is as great as always. I live down the street and although I haven't gone out drinking much of late, National Mechanics has never been a disappointment (except that divine hummus plate; that hummus needs to return).whomst's man doesn't love quality food at a reasonable price?? plantain chips were stellar, and drink names were very fun. guam was primo. lots of food for little money makes for a happy camper. 10/10 would mechanic again.Here's my throwback MasterCard commercial:
Average plain burger. No fries $14.
Lager $5. 
Tip waitstaff $5, 
Knowing that I am never coming back to this place: priceless
35 minutes wait for a beer and a burger.
What a disappointment. The one star is for the waitress and because I can't give less than one star.Cool place, good food, good service, good music. Had a 5:30 reservation, brought the kids along and they enjoyed it as well. My son had a plain cheeseburger and really liked it. Cheese board was decent, the chicken was good and the lamb chops were very tasty.
The Chocolate Debauchery for desert was awesome, and enough for the four of us to share.
Gave it 4 stars despite having to wait a crazy amount of time for our meal. Our awesome server apologized and took care of us.This has become my favorite late night spot to go out with a big group in Old City.  Always good music.  Solid options at the bar that won't make you go broke.  Bartenders have been real friendly when I've been there.  Good crowd of people looking to have a good time.  If you're looking to have a fun night with friends and want to show off some of your latest moves on the dance floor, this is a great place to do it.  Would I take my wife here on a date night?  No.  But with a group of people, it is as fun as you make it and for me, it's been a blast.Shocked by these overwhelmingly positive reviews!  Came here for brunch on New Years Day and had a terrible experience...
The building itself is pretty cool and the 'build your own bloody mary' sign out front gives the impression of a cool experience,  however it was all downhill after walking through those stone pillars. The main issue was they were COMPLETELY and unapologetically understaffed. I understand things happen, but you would think a brunch place would be prepared for a New Years Day crowd. After being sat at a dirty table by the frazzled hostess, she informed us our server would be right over.  About 15 mins later a bus boy brought us our water. The waitress appeared shortly after and seemed pretty blasé and underwhelmed despite the fact that every single table needed some kind of service.  We ordered our drinks and food together, ready after having had ample time to review the menu and fearing it would be another 20 minutes before we had her attention again. The coffee came out first, but it was cold. Then our food came out before the mimosas...ugh. Just ugh.  
As for the food itself, also very underwhelming. My fiancé had the eggs benny, which was served with what he considered 'old and cold' hollandaise sauce.  I had an egg scramble skillet dish that was more potatoes than egg. I was able to flag the attention of a food runner to order another mimosa (not yet finished with my first but making an effort to leave the place not hungry AND sober).  After twenty minutes or so later we decide to throw in the towel and head elsewhere, so we flag our waitress for the check.  She returns and we needed to remind her the second mimosa never came, which added another 10 or so minutes to the experience to fix the check and bring it back. (Basically it was one of those meals where we ended up looking around and staring at each other, too distracted by the entire situation to even hold a conversation. The other tables all seemed to be having similar experiences...)
If the food was any better I might have given it another shot, but it wasn't so there's really no reason to come back.  With so many other breakfast options in the neighborhood, you're better off heading elsewhere.An extra star for awesome fast wifi (otherwise, would be a 4).  Awesome for business meetings.  
Tuna melt was good, but on a heavy side.National Mechanics was the first bar I went to after I turned 21 and it's definitely been the bar I've been to the most times since.
The drinks are a little expensive here but the services has always been good, the bartenders are usually friendly and it's just about always a good time, and most importantly- their food is delicious, which is awesome when you've been there for a few hours and get the drunchies.
They have some pretty cool events, quizzo and karaoke are always a great time. Their glasses are really cool too. I love the John Street one!
Saturday nights are my least favorite night to go though, it gets really loud and very un-National Mechanics-like. Every other day/night I go it's pretty chill and very fun. On Saturdays its typically very loud and crowded.Odd name for the restaurant but the food and service was great.  Very reasonable prices also.
Conveniently located near the visitor center.  Had a very nice dinner with the family.  Cool historic building.Their plantain and quac chips are delicious! Must get! As well as their drinks.. I got the strawberry daiquiri it was so sweet!Awesome place! I learned the history from the bartender! Yes, we found a friendly bar tender in Old City here at National Mechanics. I forget her name but she was great! So friendly. Had such a positive attitude. She was welcoming upon sitting at the bar and gave great suggestions on beers. I would definitely come back here to visit her.My friend Kimberly took me here for brunch when I was visiting Philly for the first time. The place is amazing. It has a really creative and unique atmosphere with interesting artwork and devices everywhere. It's a perfect place if you're looking for somewhere a bit different.
The only problem we had was that it took about an hour to get our food after ordering. The service on drinks was quick and they made sure to keep the fresh tea coming while we waited.
I had the French Toast, which was some of the best I've ever had and almost made up for the wait. I will definitely check this place out again next time I'm in town.Great bar and great service. This bar is large and open- maybe an old bank? They had a nice beer selection with some belgiums and local microbrews spread among the usual brands. The bartenders were very friendly and fun to talk to. We had a great time.
I would go there again!Awesome building (used to be a bank and then a church).  Sat in one of the church pew booths across from the bar.  The service was very friendly.  We were able to try some beer samples before we made our pics.  The pub steak was very good and cooked correctly.we had a really great salad here with fried chicken in it.  the nachos were also delicious.  everything was HUGE, so please be sure you come hungry.
huge selection of beer, great decor, interesting bathrooms.  this was my first experience after getting off the bus in philly, and i was relatively impressed.
nice waitstaff, wish my water was re-filled more often.  but i guess we weren't a particularly big spending table with no beers ordered.  
loved the sideways christmas trees hanging from the ceilings, too.  never knew what kind of surprise you'd find in the building!  
this is exactly the kind of building i would expect out of philly.I love National Mechanics. 
The food is really good (homemade hummus), the beer selection is decent (plus $2 yuengling pints everyday), and karaoke on tuesdays is always a good time.
The atmosphere is awesome. The building itself is pretty sweet, and the tables may or may not be old church pews. The music is pretty good, last time i was there i remember RJD2 and the beatles. The crowd is usually minimal and the service has been spot-on lately. 
Overall - good food, good beer (magic hat #9 on tap?), good tunes.  if you haven't been there, make it a priority.After wandering the streets of Philly on Xmas day looking for a respectable joint we come across this gem in the city. 
From the time we enter the space until the time we departed, it was just pure awesome. The beers were priced great, the DJ was spinning dance music, and the crowd was smiling. What more can I ask. 
There was even a pair of self identified cougars there who wanted more than the great burger. 
I do not know about the food, however. This place is solid. The staff is very chill yet professional, and I had no problem gettig a drink an even when I moved around the bar, I had great service.
I recommend this place. If I lived here, I'd not only be here all the time, I'd probably try to work here too.My favorite lunch spot - the burgers can't be beat!  But they need more help, a single bartender is expected to handle everything for upwards of 15 tables, it's taken 2 hours to have a burger and a pitcher sometimes.it was an okay atmosphere. the dj wasn't that good he played popular music but nothing anyone could dance to. at least i didn't leave smelling like cigarettesthere are so few places to go in old city. the khyber is dirty and small. sugar mom's is smoky. skinners has nasty food. national mechanics, though, is big and open, has excellent food and i almost always love the music playing. (with the exception of what was playing between 6:42 and 7:18 this past wednesday -- it was sinatra's duets? followed by laurie anderson, maybe?) also: low douchebag quotient.
but mechanics is not just the lesser of old city evils. if it was located anywhere else, i'd also stop by regularly. the staff is friendly, the food is always good, and they never give you any sidelong glares when you ask for extra napkins or blue cheese on the side.
OH! and they recently started serving brunch, which is EXCELLENT. i tried the straight-up eggs, toast and bacon; the spinach and strawberry salad; the best blueberry pancakes i've had in a while; and the crab and shrimp bloody mary thing (more like a whole lot of seafood with a bit of bloody mary mix served in a martini glass with some fried plantains -- kind of ceviche-like). i'll definitely be back for brunch. shit, i'm just going to go there now.The national skillet is their go to brunch dish. The atmosphere is relaxed. Their kitchen was held up but it was a full dining room. The bloody Mary bar is great!I'm a little undecided about National Mechanics. The space is super cool, residing in a stately marble building that looks like some sort of Masonic temple (led up to by resplendent but non-handicap-accessible steps). The decor is unconventionally hip, with terrariums and orchids in the windows (and in the bathrooms), strange old mechanical contraptions lying about, weird light fixtures of speared dog sculptures, and creepy paintings/insect specimens on the wall. They play good music, it's a cool space to hang out in, and drinks are reasonably priced. 
However, its coolness is also its downfall. An oasis in Old City, this place can get unpleasantly crowded on the weekends. There have been occasions when we could barely get two feet in the door let alone anywhere near the bar. Also, I had their burger once and it was not the least bit impressive. It tasted kind of like a frozen beef patty (albeit thicker) with some cheese on top, put on an okay bun. Maybe they were having an off day?
I would probably skip the food here, and only come on weekdays when you actually stand a chance of getting a table.The first time I went here I felt incredibly insulted by the bartender.  I didn't return for a year.  I came around though... because, frankly, National Mechanics is cool as shit.  
Things I love about this bar:
     --  Bug collection in the bathroom hallway
     --  The Olde City Sideshow performs here for free (so awesome!)
     --  The outside steps and facade -- now that's an entrance
     --  The beer selection is deep enough to keep me fresh each round
     --  The painting of the pain proof man with the nail in his nose
     --  When they light up the flame candelabra outside
National Mechanics makes the inner-carny in me jump for joy!This place was mediocre.  I was looking forward to eating here after seeing such positive reviews on yelp, but I feel like I was lead astray.
It took ten minutes for a bartender to acknowledge me- he seemed too interested in his friends who were also sitting at the bar.  I ordered a beer and appetizer.  The beer was good, the flatbread was underwhelming.  The service went from poor to awful.  I had to ask for everything and he took no initiative to see if I need another beer, my bill, etc.  I felt like I was annoying him anytime I asked.
The restroom smelled like a bad porta john.  It was gross!
The beer was good, but I can have good beer in a place that has better service, food, and cleaner facilities.This is my go-to bar in Old City, whether I'm by myself or with a lot of friends. They accommodate the latter surprisingly well at the tall tables, which seat around 8. The service is always good and friendly without being overbearing. I absolutely love the terrariums and have to give props to the decent bathrooms.
The avocado and grapefruit salad is amazing and I don't even usually like grapefruit. The rest of the menu is decent (almost exceptional for bar food, not quite as amazing for a restaurant) and they have a long addendum to the online menu with plenty of specials. I wasn't crazy about the calamari (I like it lighter and crunchier) but the fries and everything else are quite edible. Try the infused liquors for even more fun (bacon infused vodka and jalapeno infused tequila last time I asked).
One time I sat at the bar during a quiet Saturday afternoon, and Ben Franklin was the only other bar patron. Fortunately, it wasn't the same one from The Office.What a fun bar. Came here on a saturday night, and the place was crowded. Not super crowded that you couldn't move, but a nice, diverse crowd. There's a small dance floor in the back of this place with a DJ for y'all to get your dance on. Had a good beer selection, and drinks were regularly priced. I'll be back.National Mechanics is the kind of place that draws a certain crowd: friendly, fun, you know the type, where conversation with strangers are a breeze and the atmosphere is energetic.
Alcohol is alcohol as far as I'm concerned, so I go (and return to) places for more than merely what they pour. That being said, I found that they made decent standard mixed drinks  --- and yes, a bar can easily mess up the simplest. My wife insists that last night's was the best made Cosmo around (actually, she said it was the best ever but that may have been the alcohol talking, no pun intended).
A standout for me was the bar food. Particularly the wings: Hands down the best wings I've tasted in all of Philly. Crispy and meaty, with outstanding honey BBQ sauce. Having passed the test I will definitely come back to this place with an appetite (and my usual thirst) to see what else they can do. I have a feeling I won't be disappointed.Really fun place to hang out in Olde City if you're sick of Rittenhouse. Mix of college/grad school and young professionals. We've been here a couple times, and have always had a great time. Drinks are super strong and pretty well priced, and I love the old bank look with the dark wood decor. 
Additional thoughts:
-The DJ on Fri night was awesome, although it seems weird to have such a small dance floor section right next to the bathroom line
-The guy/girl ratio has been about 3:1 each time we went...good for single girls, bad for single guys. 
-The "Reserved" tables also seemed weird to me - for such a casual place, do we really need to have "Reserved" signs like people are trying to get table service at a club?The first night I stumbled into here was on their karaoke night. Wow...interesting to say the least. I was coming from a long day at work and needed a place to relax and this was the spot. My coworkers and I decided to split a bunch of things on the menu. We ordered the nachos and the hummus platter. The nachos here are hands down the BEST nachos I've tried in the city. Now I consider myself a nacho connoisseur...and I've had the nachos here sober and *ahem* drunk (hey I need some drinks to sing Justin Bieber karaoke confidently ) and each time I am surprised at how delicious they are.
The staff here is nice. Not overly friendly and despite their appearance, not overly hipstery. The bartenders are all sweet and eager to make suggestions when they see you staring at the beer list looking confused. 
The crowd here is either a hit or miss. Lots of nights I've stumbled into here wanting to dance to Beyonce only to be surrounded by men in checkered shirts clutching onto their beers staring off into space. I get it, I get it - not everyone is into dancing. Overall, I would consider this a place you go to with your group of friends and not as a spot to meet people.
I recommend this spot to all my out of town friends and they've all had good things to say. PS tiny pink cans of champagne? Adorable.We showed up at National Mechanics at 11:45am on a Saturday morning and became the 2nd party in the entire restaurant.  The hostess and waitress quickly modified some seating to accommodate our party of 7 and let us enjoy our lunch at leisurely pace.
We started off with plantain chips - long, thin, and freshly made, served with sides of guac and salsa.  Craving protein, I got the fish and chips and was pleasantly surprised.  Inside the thin layer of breading, the fish was tender and flavorful and in real fish-form (no ground fish, thank you).  The thick fries had a nice seasoning.
I was simultaneously intrigued and totally intimidated by the make-your-own-bloody-Mary-bar and ordered a bacon-flavored one (which comes with a stick of meat in it...kinda gross) - way too many options for vodka/tequila, rims, and sauces.  There needs to be a "suggestions for Bloody Mary dummies" recipe by the bar, but it was still fun to mix and match.  And I learned that I like horseradish much less than I originally thought.i have always been happy with food and beer here. always a good time. even when its super crowded i can still see the waitress.Walking down the street on a Friday afternoon and saw what appeared to be a former church turned bar, I had to take a closer look. Early afternoon spared us from any kind of crowd. My friend and I sat at the bar, where a friendly and knowledgeable barman chatted with us about the different beer offerings and poured enough unsolicited samples that we didn't really need to order anything (but that would have been a dick move). The music was good, the beer selection respectable, and the staff friendly and knowledgeable as previously mentioned. I dig the place.Great beer, great food, great brunch, great karaoke, and it's the taping location for Two Guys on Beer.
If you have an iPhone/iPod Touch with the Remote app installed, you can make requests and vote on the music playing.
One of the best bars in Old City.Then I was meeting up with a group of friends, 7 or 8 of us I believe, and National Mechanics was chosen as our dinner spot.
Although I hung around Old City a ton in my late teens-early twenties, I never made it past 27 when it came to nightlife. However National Mechanics was a pretty chill place that I could see myself frequenting on a semi-regular basis when in the city.
We were able to snag seats at the bar within 10 minutes of being there which was a plus.This is my second favorite bar in Philly. I've been for Quizzo, which is wonderfully entertaining, with such a charming moderator. (It never hurts to have a sexy accent, for anything, ever.) I've been for Karaoke, people kinda take it a bit more seriously here than I've previously experienced. (the fact that Cartman's version of "come sail away" is in the catalog and that the gentleman performing it did SUCH a spectacular job made my week) I would recommend bar seating over table seating, the bar tenders are a bit more attentive and friendly. There is nothing wrong with the waitstaff, they just seem to get overwhelmed by the immense amount of seating. 
I'd recommend the popcorn chicken, but NOT the flank steak, which strangely smelled similar to cat food. (you know the canned kind in its own gravy) I was actually really surprised by that, because I'd never been disappointed with this place.
The decor is awesome, As it should be for a place that has been a bank and a church. The "booth's" are church pew's with large tables in the middle, i really enjoy all the jarred plants,  not to mention the "taxidermy" Dogs with light bulbs coming out of their ass'. The bathrooms are cute too, in a creepy way... actually now that i think about it everything about this bar reminds me of some Texas Chainsaw Massacre movie.. and I really love it. 
Blah blah blah beer, and wine... Overall This is a great place to chill, dance, talk, drink, DRINK, fall over, Drink some more, Sing Karaoke and answer some difficult trivia.Came in while they were finishing up a science night. Grabbed a seat at the bar, Yuengling and a Miller light, both good then had a 12oz Ribeye Special, it was a great cut of meat and was cooked perfectly. I'd recommend this place to a young couple, not so much a kid friendly place but most of the nightlife here isn't.Walked on an overly hot morning with some friends to start the day with some recommended brunch. I fell in love with the food! Sure, start off with a bellini for me, the girls got bloody mary's. And then we quickly moved on to a pitcher of the daily special, which involved blue moon, blueberry, and something else :)
I got the veggie skillet. Some potatoes, mushrooms, spinach, cheese, and a beautifully poached egg. 
Sure the AC was broken, and we were melting a little bit, but after a of couple drinks and full belly of tasty eats, I had forgotten all about the heatwave.Still like the bar but the brunch is way overated. you have a bloody mary bar ..good for you.. now go get one of  honey's chefs to teach you to make a proper omelete.Service *****
Pineapple jalapeños margaritas ****
Off menu Frito Pie **** 
Chocolate Debauchery *****Honestly - this place presents as a serious brew pub in a wonderful historic building.  One doesn't necessarily have high expectations of the food fare.  Fantastic, then, that I had one of my best lunches ever here - perfect breaded/fried wahoo fish tacos.  Great friendly relaxed but attentive service.  My absolute go to from now on in historic Philly district.
Oh, and a great beer selection, naturally!  Bonus: fast, free, wifi.  Someone has the right idea here...Beautiful bar, it's a classy place that has great decor and great architecture. I can't comment on their menu but the drinks were pretty good. Prices are a tad on the high side for what I remember and there isn't much to do at the bar (unless you go on trivia night) but it seems like the perfect date bar or a great bar if you're sick of dives but aren't into clubbing.Some of the best fried chicken I've has in my life. I downed 3 of 4 pieces, and wanted to try the fourth, but it was so large it seemed inappropriate. Outstanding.
And btw, this is a great bar! Roomy, pleasant crowd of multiple-agers, ultra knowledgeable and insightful bartender.  Beer list is solid - but could be stronger.  I think they have an interesting whiskey selection, but that's to be investigated on another day.
Go eat here!Went here on Saturday night over July 4th weekend and it was raging.  My friend said they usually have tables out but those were gone.  Good vibes, ok music, and good bar service.  They had some decent drafts.  Easy walk from Queen Village/Pennsport.  I'll be back!I wished I lived in Philly just because of this place. First night, I walked in and ordered the veggie burger which didn't disappoint. The restaurant was crowded and they were playing a trivia game, very entertaining. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Decided to go back a second time and ordered a special vegetarian polenta meal and it was really good! Deliciously creative and perfect flavor. Wonderful place, eclectic and historic!Visited National Mechanics for brunch during a day trip to Philly with my boyfriend. He chose the bloody mary bar and I had the seasonal sangria, which was apple spice flavor, and both were delicious. For brunch, I had the NY strip and eggs and he had the Eggs Maryland. It does not happen often but we both completely cleaned our plates. The breakfast potatoes were the best I've ever had! My boyfriend also raved about his meal. 
The inside itself is a little odd, the bathroom was definitely not top notch, but I guess it goes with the atmosphere of the restaurant. I would definitely come back and recommend to all brunch goers!The food was great. The lanb burger was amazing.  Our server was wonderful. The best part was the Jalapeno Margarita and the Infused House Gin.I really want to give this place 5 stars...because I feel like the food deserves that. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for the service. 
I've been here twice. Once for drinks, and once for brunch. My brunch outing was the most disappointing. I came here with 5 other friends on a Sunday, and the place had decent business, but was certainly not packed. It took beyond too much time to order even coffee, and every time we asked the server for something (whom we had to track down because she seriously wouldn't come to our table) she seemed incredibly annoyed with us. It's sad too, because we were an incredibly patient bunch, and a simple "I'm sorry, I'll be with you as soon as I can" would suffice.
On the other hand, the food was awesome. Everyone enjoyed their meal. I especially loved the make-your-own-bloody-mary situation. I now have a favorite bloody mary....made by me. Woohoo!!
Since the food was so rad, I will go here again. However, if the service is lame again....this place can suck it.The food is awesome, the bartenders rate 10 stars. It's a great place
To hang out. Enjoy the happy hour. Such a friendly place and the building is awesome. And old bank! You've got to check this place out. I visit it every time I come to Philly.This is my favorite bar in the city!!!!!!! By far the coolest atmosphere (if you like the art, ask the bartender about the artist!! tre cool).  If you like spicey, try the jalepeno margarita... it rocks my socks.  Pretty good selection of beer... my boyfriend is a huge fan of the black and tan-esque beer combos.
If the drinks and atmosphere aren't enough, the entertainment will blow you away.  Side-shows, DJ's (they play some of the best mixes in the city), and open-mic nite (look out for The Technophobes. awesome).I drank pitchers beer, a girl ate worms, and a guy smashed broken glass into his face. AWESOME!
National Mechanics is definitely one of the very few bars that I will patronize in Old City.Came here for lunch during a business trip.  The trout was amazing... wished the portion was larger more =)National Mechanics has something of an identity crisis. Good happy hour with a good draft selection and discounted burgers. At the same time, their burgers should always be discounted, or else discontinued. The veggie burger is original, I'll give them that: it's made with shredded pieces of vegetables mashed together in a patty that falls apart before it can reach your mouth. The regular burger is fine, but I wouldn't bother requesting it any special way: it comes out medium well every time. 
It's a story of good and evil. They have a lot of positives, and if I was just hoping to grab a drink with some friends, I wouldn't mind a quick stop at Mechanics. Other than the fries, which are hard to ruin, I probably won't be getting food here again. The burgers won't ruin your day but with all the options in the area, it's hard to justify making that mistake again. For a few dollars more, I'd much prefer making my way to Smokin' Betty's and grabbing their incredible buffalo chicken sandwich.
Take it for what it's worth: National Mechanics can be a fun happy hour, but when it comes to its identity as restaurant, it tries a little hard and fall a little too short.I like this place a lot.  It is pretty no-nonsense, though it doesn't skimp, either in terms of vibe or food.
I went here this past Saturday night with a large group (11).  They don't take reservations, so we had to get seating on the fly, which sucked but should have been a sign for the large group to just go elsewhere.  Seating was predictably somewhat of a problem, though I would not blame the staff for this - they are just not really equipped for this, which is their prerogative.  (The customer is not always right.)  The gang had to sit at the bar for awhile while some space cleared.  They have this policy of shortening the tables late at night because they want more space for the dj/standing crowd, which meant that we were a little limited in choosing seats.  We ended up getting split into two groups at tables next to one another, which was lame, but, again, predictable since they aren't really made for large groups.  Though it was not really her fault or anything, the waitress helping us with this mess got the birthday boy a cake on the house, which was a very nice gesture and not necessary at all.  It was a pleasant ending to a situation that was not really ideal for anyone involved.
As for the food, it is pretty tasty and dynamic.  I usually get a burger, but  that night I bought the calamari and the steak/fries appetizers.  Both of them were solid.  Friends ordered the veggie burger (great), corndog (good), soup (ok), creme brule (not so good)... well, I don't really know what the other table ordered, so I'll leave it at that.
In brief: the great food, solid vibe, they have Yuengling for $2.50, just don't come here with a large group late on a Saturday night.
Oh yeah, and the exterior is beautiful and the interior design also looks quite good.Loan was such a fantastic help with me and my birthday party for a friend. Made sure we got all of our steaks to go and ensured an excellent night!! Props!! A+The veggie burger is prohibitively tasty.  Prohibitively because you're not going to be able to experience the rest of the menu - and the rest of the menu looks REAL good.
Great selection of beers, quirky but upscale atmosphere... like it was built by a computer hacker.. with a trust fund.
Been here for dinner and drinks a few times, they seem to have a lot of events - so check the calendar or else you may be stuck listening to bad karaoke on a date.My wife had seen on Yelp the rave reviews this place gets for its veggie burgers, so we decided to give it a try today. We each ordered a veggie burger- I thought it was okay- nothing to rave about.
However, now my stomach feels totally bloated and cramped, and so does my wife's, and those burgers were the only thing we ate in common today.
In summary, if you have a craving for veggie burgers that'll put you on the can for an hour, National Mechanics is the way to go.Went here last night with my boyfriend. Their food and mixed drink options are quite excellent. The only negative thing last night, was that our waiter was pretty bad. Nice enough guy, but extremely inattentive. Never once asked us how our food was, etc. The waitress that brought our entrées out was more attentive. 
They just need some tweaking with their service, and they'd be perfect.Woah.
Make your own Bloody Mary bar on Sundays.
Awesome. Just awesome.
The service was WAY overworked on the day that we went, but they were both nice (2 servers for the whole place), didn't snap at us when my friend asked  'can i have some water?'  
(That girl was busy... and who needs water when you have a bloody mary?!)
The food was better than good, a little slow to come out, but I think we got there just before a MAD rush, and timing brunch for 5 people is tough.
I would like to come and hang out at night some time, I hear it's cool.  Had a decent beer list, and the alcohol to match.  
Will def go back when in Philadelphia next.Meh. The outside of this place (stairs and large columns) made us assume we were walking into a swanky joint. Once inside we realized it's just a dingy bar/restaurant. Completely unexpected. The place wreaked like a college sportsbar. We sat at the bar to have a quick beer to get out of the rain. Server didn't know what to recommend us (and Phili is known for their beers!). Server was more interested in flirting with the main bartender to notice we may have wanted another beer or wanted to get the check. Other servers were not friendly at all. We left pretty quickly. There are so many other cool places to see in Phili, don't bother with this place.Went with a group Saturday night and we were seated with no issue at all. I ordered nachos, a slice of chocolate cake, and a glass of Riesling. Everything was good, the chocolate cake was magnificent! The service was great as well. I'll definitely go back and try other items from their menu and I will definitely make a special trip just for their chocolate cake. Sorry no pictures because I ate it too fast lolSince I've been cooking at home a lot, I'm going to draw on my back catalogue of dining out experiences.  I've been to National Mechanics a few times, and there is one specific reason that keeps me coming back: The lunch special featuring $5 burgers and decent pitchers, with Yard's and PBC represented.
National Mechanics is a totally weird place.  It's some kind of historic building (it looks like a bank from the outside) that has been converted into a great looking bar.  It has a nice hardwood bar and a decent amount of high-top tables and booths.  As far as service goes, don't expect much.  My favorite detail about National Mechanics is there pint glasses featuring local celebs like Rocky, John Street, Cole Hamels, and the likes.
There is a better than average beer selection, but it's overpriced.  Your best bet is to still with the local brews, and last time I went the PBC and Yards were both kicked; no replacements on the horizon.  Like I said, don't expect much from the service.
The burger is very good, and at $5, it becomes excellent.  It even comes with fries!  This place is sweet.  There's a veggie burger available at the same price for all of the non-meat eaters.
Bottom Line:  This place is great for lunch.  I never have been, and probably never will go to this in the evening, partly because of much better options.  The beer selection and availability of pitchers is nice, especially for Olde City.  There are probably a whole load of people who love this place because it's exactly their kind of "thing."  I'm not one of those people.$11 for a cheeseburger that comes with LTO. $3 extra for a handful of steak fries. Asked for medium-well and got well-done. Still fine -- not overcooked or dry -- but if you ask how to cook it then you should get it right, you know? Several joints in my home neighborhood 10-15 minutes away that do a better burger for less. Wife said her nachos were okay.  Been a while since I ate here but I remembered the food last time as on-point.Come here for Brunch! No really you should. Usually when I use to think of national mechanics it was always a place to grab drinks. We were in the area and went there for brunch and it was an awesome experience. Everyone that worked there was nice and friendly. They have a nice wide selection of brunch options. I ordered the national skillet which was eggs, potatoes, onions, bacon and cheese all served nice and hot on a skillet. It tasted absolutely delicious. The portions were huge and needless to say I could barely finish. My friend ordered the blue moon and orange juice drink, kind of like a mimosa but with beer. It was actually pretty good! Hurry up and brunch here before word gets out that this place is awesome. We were able to grab a table right away at peak Sunday brunch hours.Went for a few drinks and some appetizers. Overall it was a nice experience. The service was great, friendly and quick . Nice drink selection , and the food was also good. Buffalo wings were very good and the Nachos were fantastic. It's a smaller place, so if it is crowded it can be pretty loud, but that doesn't bother me. I am looking forward to going back .Popped in here quick for a pre-dinner snack with my sister.  First of all, the place is a retrofitted old church.  You climb a wide set of stairs and enter through two heavy wooden doors.  Then are greeted with pews fashioned as seating for dinner tables.  The bar was jammed, but we were able to snag a table just outside the bar area.  One word, poutine.  Get it.I made a reservation for a large group and when we arrived, they weren't sure where to seat us, even after I updated and confirmed the reservation prior to the event. The calamari was VERY salty. They do have a good beer list and the wings were AWESOME!!!I came. I drank beer.  I ate Veggie Burger.  I go back.
liked the atmosphere, laid back and the veg burg was good as i was hopin it would be.  bartender was nice, (even though i was in an incredibly indecisive and acting oddly/precarious about the subject of avocados)
I liked the tavern feel/no snob effect, would like to experience live music some night, and dogs wear wigs here.The server was spectacularly entertaining in a Valley of the Dolls kinda way, leaving us wondering if she took the blue pills, or the red ones, or the white ones.
The prices were reasonable, if only the food had been palatable. The mound of nachos was not well constructed and dry--we needed to ask for more salsa to get them down. 
My avocado and grapefruit salad sounded so promising but was underwhelming, it could have used some nuts. My dining companion got the grilled cheese and tomato soup and had to send it back because the sandwich was "made from cardboard."When I think of a good late-night hangout in Old City, National Mechanics is usually near the top of my list. Over the past few years, I've tried to figure out what keeps me coming back. I guess the best way to describe it is that the people here are almost always genuinely enjoying themselves. Whether it's the sometimes-bad karaoke on Tuesday nights, or the DJ's & dancing on Fridays and Saturdays, people come because they want to, not because they have no place to go after work or because their friends dragged them out. The place has a nice mix of regal, Old City charm and pleasant, boisterous fun. It's not too crazy, people don't usually scream at each other or spill beer on the floor, but it's also not a stuffy, wear-your-best-Polo-shirt-and-park-your-Audi-out-front type of joint -- it's a happy balance between the two. Oh, and the building also looks pretty darn cool.
If you don't like beer, try the Cupertino Mule -- apple whiskey with a dash of cinnamon.Oh well, I could give this zero stars if possible. We have been here before so decided to visit it for lunch with one of my colleagues. Nobody came to our table for 15 minutes and people who came after us got their menus, drinks and their orders were taken while we were just waiting for someone to show up at our table! Then the waitress comes along and as we explain our issue she starts making faces and asks "so do you still need the menus?" in a rather "insulting" way. We asked to see the manager who came after a couple of minutes. She was polite and tried to offer us a free drink and a free meal but our concern was the way we were treated by the waitress who never offered an apology!! We left the place and went to Farmicia right outside it. Come to think of it we were treated this way because of the color of our skin. As much as I want to think that's not the case, I think it was! It's appalling that a restaurant like this does this! Anyway we are not going there again and good luck to all of you who are not white skinned!This was our visit to Philly and we didn't know where to eat so we stumbled upon this cool church looking place. We got in early before any type of lunch rush and sat next to a huge stained glass window. Our sever was super helpful and recommend the lamb burger as well as the chicken burger with a side of cheese fries, which were amazing! He introduced us to a seasonal watermelon beer (Evil Genius). Great location, great food!I love this place. They have so many activities going on (karaoke, trivia, weekend dance  parties, solid happy hours, etc) so just pick a day and go! My favorite night is Tuesday Karaoke, so many wonderful and weird folks, you should go to just to people watch (or you can watch me sing. I take requests ;)). I've always been very happy with the great service received there and I enjoy the food. This is definitely one of my favorite bars in the city.Came to National Mechanics for brunch on a Sunday at 11am. We had seemingly unnecessary reservations for 4 people, but the restaurant filled up quickly by Noon. I had the western omelette and others with me delicious-looking french toast and eggs benedict. The service was attentive and the food satisfied our hunger. I really like the ambiance and the decor. The booth seating was made up of old church pews. I'm not a fan of bloody marys but it's worth mentioning they have a pretty cool make your own Bloody Mary bar.Yeah, I like this place. Given, I've only been here during Karaoke night on Tuesdays (which is super fun), but they have a good selection of beer and wine, nice ambiance, and the food is pretty good. Service too was on-par and I couldn't be happier. I'm coming back for a happy hour and I expect the same great things!Friday night, overly crowded, obnoxious patrons - some coming three at a time out of a bathroom, and a long wait for bland food ... yeah this place blows.The beer? Excellent selection, constantly updated.
The food? Always good. An underrated brunch location. The veggie burgers get the most attention, but the traditional national burger is nothing to scoff at. Also recommended are the chicken quesadilla and pita pizza.
I remember this location when it was just a standard bar. It seemed like a bit of a waste for the space. Nat Mech's managed to turn it into something unique. I like the fun goth aesthetic and the decor around the bar. It's also a great weekend party and dance spot (though weekends are when it becomes difficult to move).
Nat Mech's has something for everyone, which makes it ideal for gatherings. It's right in the heart of one of Philly's most popular bar areas and hasn't been taken over by d-bags yet. This alone makes it someplace to cherish.After arriving from NYC, my friend brought me here so I could get some food in me after my bus ride. I was starving and ready for a burger and fries. Ordered the veggie burger though I was skeptical of the lack of patty. Despite its popularity, I only found it to be ok. I didn't like the broccoli (don't ever want that in a burger) but forgot to ask them to hold it. Julienned veggies are just not the same as a veggie patty. The bun was a lot tastier than the vegetables themselves so it kind of made up for it. The sweet potato fries were pretty good so I was happy about that. Service was great and the interior was interesting. If I ever came back I'd order something else.We dropped in on a First Friday. Cool creepy decor in a dark pub
atmosphere. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Never seeming pushy or insensere. Interesting beers on tap for a good price and a nice range of food available with an equally wide range of prices. The food itself was ok. We ordered a Veggie Burger which was a bit odd in texture, but that might have been the point. Not too much in the taste department. We also had a chicken quesadilla which had alot of flavor- just the wrong kind. It tasted like a pizza for some reason. I feel like I should have ordered the burger. They also had a selection of higher end food up to the twenty range, but we did't try threm. Great place for a drink for sure. I guess I'll try the stuff I missed when we go in next time.I have been to national mechanics a few times to drink with friends, and it has a great atmosphere. Orchids line the windowsills, there is dim lighting, funky steampunk decor, and lots of interesting people and music. The bar is located inside of an old church, so it has a dark and unique vibe. 
To go out for drinks, it's a great spot. If you are looking for a good meal, I would suggest you go elsewhere. I have had several things from the menu. The fish tacos were not very good, the salmon salad was okay, and I think that we had nachos one night that were also decent. Nothing to write home about, and certainly not worth the price. 
I'm not super impressed with the beer selection, but it is decent. There are better (and cheaper) selections in old city.
Though the beer and food is not that impressive, I specifically love the house cocktail list. They have a margarita that is incredible, and lots of cool concoctions of unusual mixtures of alcohol.I truly love this place. The food is amazing my two top recommendations are the National Burger made with premium well seasoned beef served on a brioche bun with your choice of about a dozen different cheeses( I say add bacon!)and a side of some of the best steak fries I've had. 
The second thing I would recommend is the Nacho Grande! I don't even know how to describe this there is so much going on and it's delicious! Just get it you won't be disappointed. This is also great for vegetarians. Carnivores don't feel the need to add meat; it doesn't change the dish it just ups the price. This is a dish great for two! 
The staff is awesome but they're also no nonsense(think cheers)but kind. What I truly love about coming here is the atmosphere. It rests in 19th century bank built by one of Philadelphia's famed architects William Strictland who was known to use Greek Revival style. It was later converted into a church hence the pews and stained glass windows; which just add to its dark-quirky decor.
I love that depending on the day of the week and the time of day you visit NM you will encounter a totally different exprience and crowd. Everyone fits in here! You can, sing ,dance, play trivia, and ROCK OUT!
Lastly for an amazing brunch visit on a Saturday or Sunday; it is life changing! Also there is a pretty extensive Bloody Mary bar.
I love this place and can't say enough about it.Love this place most of the time. It gets really crowded for quizzo and on the weekends, and the service tends to be excrutiatingly slow for brunch (you don't actually make your own bloody mary, you just tell them the ingredients you want). The food is pretty good (don't go on Wednesday evening because it's super crowded for quizzo), and the prices aren't bad. 
My favorite thing about this place is the karaoke on Tuesday nights. Most definitely. I thought it would be weird to do karaoke not in a private room like a lot of other places, but it was so much fun. There were some people who were painful to listen to, and some people were really great. Everyone seemed to be having fun, and some people went up to the front to dance and play air-guitar during solos. The crowd would also sing along a lot, and considering the amount of people here service was pretty quick and friendly. The selection of songs was also great. Overall, I highly recommend this place for karaoke if you can stand a late night out on a Tuesday and bit of a hangover on Wednesday at work haha.
I give this place 5 stars for Tuesdays, 3 stars for Wednesdays, 2 stars for brunch and 4 stars for every other day. Overall, I quite like this place but it can seriously be hit-or-miss.I end up here for many happy hours and events, and I just have not been impressed. The food is quite meh, (soggy veggie burger when I've had it, and stopped doing that when the question "is it vegan" became ambiguous when I was clearing it with the staff).
The cocktails are decent; they don't update the specials that often. They have a decent beer list, but for the pricing/selection, there's others in the neighborhood that outclass them. Overall, not my choice of bars when I have the option, but I'll come here for an event.On a clear day in the city, stopping into a spot that looks like a bank on the outside, but a bit of a divey bar feel to the inside, National Mechanics was a great lunch stop during a fun day out in the city. I'd recommend checking them out, and will have to stop back for a dinner in the near future.
Atmosphere - National Mechanics looks every part of large and majestic from the outside. Steep slate steps and large banners make you feel as though you're about to be transported into a majestic dining experience. But much like the bar itself, when you enter, it just feels like an atmosphere of discovery and experience. Many ornate mechanical contraptions adorn the walls, and the bar to the right feels more divey then majestic. But that's where the large wood pew booths and high tops add the feel of a eclectic dining experience.
Waitstaff - Our waiter was also the bartender, so his choice of my cocktail was spot on. For a bar about 1/4 full during the day, he made it seem as though we were his only table, effortlessly moving between the bar, getting our appetizer, and bringing out our food in one shot.
Food - Oh my! Not exactly what I would have pegged to have here, but boy was it good. My dining companion and I split the nachos, which came with an amazing array of guacamole, salsa, white beans, sour cream, cheese, and lettuce. Very underrated, but the taste was super fresh and the crisp lettuce and guacamole paired wonderfully. We ordered a cheeseburger and turkey burger for a lunch meal and both remarked the flavor and consistency were fantastic. The fries here were an a la carte option, but having nachos with the burgers really made for a nice side dish. Add in a Cupertino Mule (which made for a perfect dessert, think adult apple pie with alcohol) and this was a fantastic experience.
Intangibles - No wait at all on a Monday afternoon, but if you're heading down at night, may want to consider a reservation as the place is on the smaller side in the bar. Not sure if there's any additional seating. Menu items are a la carte, and they were out of more then one thing on the menu when we went. Beer list is a good, local selection as well if you're more of a suds fan, within walking distance of many Olde City attractions and about a block away from an easy to access parking lot.
Overall - Will definitely be trying National Mechanics for dinner in the future, just hope they have some more of their items on the menu to try. This is a good spot for lunch, or evening taking in the afternoon beverage if needed. For the plentiful dining options in Olde City, this is a good spot for adults to relax and enjoy the sights and sounds of historic Philadelphia.Didn't eat here , came for Happy Hour
on Friday and then Bloody Mary bar on Saturday morning. Was very good (they have it on Saturday and Sundays)
Bathroom was very interesting -in a good way. Beautiful building.Awesome bar with awesome food. Good music and friendly service. This bar is in a really cool building that used to be a bank. Living in San Diego is great for the beaches and the weather, but we dont have very much cool older architecture like this. I love when restaurants and bars are in buildings that are 150 years old and have high ceilings and cool decor. Did I mention that the food was great? 
I will definitely return to this bar next time I am in Philly.This review is probably going against my own self interest, but I must tell the Yelping world that trivia at National Mechanics on Wednesday night is super fun.  It's one of those trivia games where you do actually know a decent number of answers, without it being crazy esoteric questions like some other pub trivias.  The host is really fun.  And the servers are workin' their tails off during trivia but always so accommodating to large groups.  Get there before 7 pm and get a veggie burger for $7.  Best veggie burger in town.
I just hope none of you reading this review show up at trivia now, cause I want to keep having a shot at winning each week!Used to live in Old City so we would end up here enough times to eat. Although the food is good, the service is lacking and so is the atmosphere. It's a bit basement-like and also can be very loud. 
Of all the places to grab a just a beer in Old City, this is in the last of the places I'll consider despite a better than decent list. Had the least friendly hipster cliche bartender who really did not want to work. Bad experience.This place was a 5 minute walk from Independence Hall, and is in a great historic building.  We all had great food and loved the atmosphere.Delicious food, and the atmosphere is hard to beat. Super cool place.Upbeat place. Drinks and appetizers were good. I h ad th the plantains and guacamole dip. If you want food and music Saturday night its a good place crowd is about 20 to 30's mostly.  Potential drawback it turns more in ty o a club at 1130ish. What I didnt like I was sitting near the door and because of cold weather the cold air kept rushing in and they didnt pay attention to keep the door closed.I heart National Mechanics! HEART!
The decor is awesome, the staff is awesome, the building is awesome, the location is... okay.... 
I first went for a show a little while ago. I think it was in October because they had a "Zombie Party" and it was such an awesome experience. My friend ordered a steak. It was without question, one of the best steaks I have ever eaten outside of a steakhouse. 
The mixed drinks are awesome. The kind that knock you on your ass after one or two. The beer selection is also great. The entertainment was great. 
I have heard GREAT things about their brunch and I can't wait to try it and then edit my review. All in all, I am a HUGE fan of National Mechanics.Long, long overdue review...but good food, good drinks, great atmosphere.  Loved the quirky surroundings in the restaurant.  Our waiter was super friendly, had great recommendations and was quick to check in with us throughout our meal.I just happened to stumble upon this place.  It's a bar in a really cool old building.  It was packed on a Saturday night, but it was still easy to order a drink from the bar.  They had a DJ playing your standard top 40 hits (boo).  Other than the music, it seemed like a cool place to hang out on a night that is less crowded.My friend and I ventured here because I've heard great things about it (and there is a drink called the Obama Bomb!) We decided to get the Nasty Woman pitcher, which was delicious. Cool spot with even cooler drinks!Apparently, Saturday evenings in the summer are PRIME time for bachelorette parties at National Mechanics.  Maybe it's something about the phallic appearance of the epic columns outside but, whatever it was, my buddy and bride-to-be demanded we stop on our tour de bars.  
As we arrived shortly before 10pm, the joint wasn't exactly "jumping" when we flooded it with 20 something women rocking matching tank tops. Important, since the cutoff for whatever ridiculously cheap drink special was 10pm, so we each loaded up with a few and made the rounds.  I'll give the folks at National Mechanic this: they are totally tolerant of an obnoxious band of mimosa-merry bridesmaids who demand silly drinks to be poured in novelty cups.  And that's gotta mean something.
The dance floor really picked up as the night progressed and, through the crowds of students and bearded fellows, we managed to make space for our crew to bust a number of moves to some wonderful beats.  Compared to a few other spots we'd stopped, the drinks were totally affordable, and they had a great beer selection (music to my ears, who were sick of hearing COSMO! SEX ON THE BEACH! BUTTERY NIPPLE SHOTS! every 20 seconds).  Decent for a crowd, which is great when you're the maid of honor running the "No Bridesmaid Left Behind" act.  We'll come back (next time, with less penis straws.)I love this place. For one big reason, no TV! It seems like everyone goes to bars nowadays to just sit around looking at TV, hell I'm guilty of it myself. I mean its a bar, if you need to drink while watching TV get a good laz-boy and enjoy!.
In addition, the one thing I love about this place is the high roof, and open space. So you don't get that sardine in a can feel, especially after one too many drinks resulting in a decline with body odor, common sense, and dignity. The drinks are reasonably priced and taste superb. Ultimately, the Bartenders on hand are both skilled and knowledgeable in their craft.Food was great. Signature cocktails were a letdown. We went there to eat, but it was right at the time it was transitioning from restaurant to club, and that made us feel rushed so we finished and left to have drinks elsewhere.Everything here was fine, but not spectacular. We had the Brussels sprouts appetizer, which was tasty, but the veggies in it were mushy. I would say overcooked. It was more like a filling for an entree (wrap, maybe?) than an appetizer. There are as a special Bavarian soft pretzel, which was good, but the cheese dip was bland and resembled velveeta. The sesame-crusted salmon salad was fresh and fine but not flavorful and honestly disappointing. The timing of our food coming out was awkward. The service was decent and the building was cool on the outside. The decor I nside was dark but I guess that's the vibe they're going for. Decent beer list and rotating drafts. I feel this may be an amazing experience if you're looking for a good bar, but there is tastier food to be had in the city.Best veggie burger I have ever had !!!!! Been a vegetarian for a very long time and hands down the best one I've ever had. Staff is friendly and beer is great. I would highly recommend to my friends and family.I've been to this building through many of its incarnations, and National Mechanics seems to be the one that has lasted the longest in years.  It's a beautiful building, and can be a great night spot, but this review is just about the brunch.  I heard that they had a great brunch so we went this past Saturday to check it out.  It was around 11:30 am, and they were pretty dead.  It is a large space, and there were only 2 other parties in the place.  There were no brunch specials at all, and the menu didn't seem to be a brunch menu.  They had lunch options, and breakfast options, yes, but nothing special by way of food.  I sadly ordered a boring turkey sandwich, my fiance followed suit, and our friend ordered boring eggs benedict.  There was just nothing interesting on the menu at all.  When my turkey sandwich arrived I was disappointed to see that it was not even fresh turkey, but salty deli meat turkey.  On the plus side, it had a decent red pepper aioli and a generous amount of fresh avocado.  The waitress was short with us and overall the service left much to be desired.  I should mention that they had a bloody mary bar, which was the one redeeming aspect of the whole meal. Not a horrible experience, but we won't be returning for brunch.Cool looking place too bad the food sucks. usually bar food can trick me into thinking that what is on my place didn't just come out of frozen food section at target, National Mechanics was unable to do that. 
But like I said it has some cool decor all around, So I borrowed a pint glass.I am merely rating the night life here. And it rocks.
Here are some warnings:
1. Dress to compete with the youngin's
2. Wear shoes you don't care about getting stomped on
3.  Don't break the seal! The bathroom line is eternal!
This is like a 20-30s bar, the DJ plays top 40 mixed with some old school. The bartenders are fast, nice strong drinks, and lots of singles. So relive your youth, bring a few of your girls, pay for parking across the street and dance the night away.I really only come here for one reason:  their veggie burgers!  Fantastic, fresh ingredients, and one of the best in the city.  The rest of the food is standard bar food, but the veg burger really stands out.  They usually have decent enough beers on draught, but I only go here when it's not busy.  At night this bar completely changes its character.  It goes from a low key hangout to a full-out dancefest...which is cool, if that's your scene.  Just know that past 9PM the scene changes really, really quickly.Yummy fresh vegi burger. It was a great spot for lunch while in town on a conference & the historic building was beautiful. Not too overpriced, and quick eats! We went back later that night to see the nightlife there. It was too crowded for me, but everyone looked like they were having funOk, let's put it this way..... I had a friend visiting from L.A., and after bar hopping in Olde City he asked if we could "go back to that Vampiry place". LOL
Now with that said, allow me to explain. He wasn't referring to a goth scene or some underground bloodletting. The ambiance of this place is great.... Dark, candle-lit, classic old style wooden bar, red velvet entrance curtain. Very cool atmosphere.
They have an excellent beer menu too, for those who like more than your average light beer.Oh my goodness - I heard the brunch is good and oh my... It was fabulous! We ended up at National Mechanics because there was a half hour wait at Farmacia, which is normally my favorite brunch spot. So glad we walked across the street to avoid the wait - best decision we have made in a long time! The service was great, even though they got one of our orders wrong. The server was so nice about it and had us laughing and the correct order was out in only a matter of minutes (seemed like seconds!) Love that you can make your own bloody marys. i will have to do that when i go back as well as try the other drinks on the cool selection of breakfast drinks. Fabulous job National Mechanics!Great happy hour prices and cozy environmentA National Mechanics haiku:
Pulled steak sliders, yum!
Slurped a lot of great beers, whoops!
Hefty check? You bet!
Thank you.Terrible service. Extremely slow and inattentive. Average food. Will not be back and don't recommend. Too many othet good high quality restaurants in the city and this area to waste time here.I  go here for lunch with my coworkers fairly often. The service has consistently been prompt and friendly. I love the nachos, the hummus and quesadilla appetizers. The cheesesteak is also always very good. Good selection of beers on tap.This was the first stop of Tippler's Tour.  They offered Strongbow cider and plantain chips with salsa. No complaints with the snack and drink. The staff was friendly.  I got a glass of water from the bartender right away. I would be interested in returning to try the other food/drinks.I frequent National Mechanics when me and my friends end up in Old City.  No cover, usually a pretty fun crown, such reasonable drink prices ($2.50 lager drafts in old city? WORD.) and usually a pretty good DJ that spins top 40 hits with some more random electronic music.  
This place also has an awesome environment, it's built into an old bank that offers a lot of space and an awesome ambiance when you're trying to  get your drink on.  
A few cons - desperately needs more bathrooms and could probably use a bit more space between tables.  I recommend Thursday night as Friday and Saturday nights can be hella crowded.Very neat looking building inside and out. There was a good crowd there on Saturday night around 11:00 PM. Drinks were average to high pricing. There was a DJ playing some good dancing music which was nice! I'm not sure if it was just last night but the bathroom situation is horrible. I think there were only one or two single bathrooms. The line to get into the bathroom went all the way into the dance floor. I would say the experience was average - but I'd go back!It was not crowded, and they were playing mostly music that I really like. It was hard not to have a good experience, especially with the staff as kind and helpful as they were. Off the bat, our server let us know what they were out of and had the answers to our drinking questions. It had typical lighting for a bar but wasn't so loud that it harmed conversation. Food looked enticing but currently out of my budget. Portions on my friends' plates looked decent. I see no reason to not go back!National Mechanics is a delightful surprise compared to the other bars in Old City nothing against them but most are filled eith juiced up preppy d-bags that are all over girls. And stuck up girls that wont talk to you unless your buying their drinks for the night. National Mechanics is more my scene full of cool people with a  hipster kinda look. Not to say I'm anything close to hipster. So far I've visited 2 weekends back to back. Each time Ive had a good time. The drinks are great. The bartenders are creative when working out the drinks. What I mean is I asked for a dirty gir, scout. Sorry ladies. The bartender didn't know what was in it, and we figure out what would work and it tasted awesome. For the music I had a ball. 80's ja s with some new jams to get the blood flowing. Each time I didn't wanna leave. This just might become my regular place.Went on a Saturday for brunch.  Diners have a choice of sitting at the bar, sitting at one of the booths that line the southern wall of the restaurant, or one of the numerous high bar tables and chairs in the middle of the restaurant.  The high bar tables seem to be popular for groups of 6 or more.  
The drink menu was substantial and the main menu offered standard fare.  
I was just disappointed that our meal took nearly 45 minutes for it to arrive.  The fish and chips I had (three palm-size fish fillets) and the omelet my fellow diner had were unremarkable.  
Our waitress was nice, though, I came to the conclusion that it was understaffed and this could be why it took so long for our food to come out.  One waitress to man all the tables of the restaurant and one person behind the bar: that certainly is a tall order.  Kudos to both of them for holding down the restaurant.Wow, this place is awesome!  I love the decor, the staff is very attentive and friendly.  This place is very unpretentious, it's warm and inviting.  I didn't eat here, only consumed a few adult beverages, but the next time that I head to Philly, I will definitely head down to this watering hole.
Oh, Tuesday night karaoke is very entertaining.this is only for their drinks and service. i'd have to come back to try their food fo shoWe are visiting from out of town and looked for a restaurant close to our hotel... Thanks to yelp we found this awesome place with unique decor and great menu that pleased everyone. My steak was cooked perfectly, the fish and chips were devoured quickly and the shrimp Alfredo was amazing. We topped off the meal with chocolate cake that was divine... Our server was engaging and fun... If we lived in town we would be regulars!I only went for drinks and the specials were OK, 1$ off drafts. It was Philebrity's grog party night so my sister and I started with some of their specials $3.50 beers (i forget the name, but it had lots of pepper in it! DELICIOUS) then we switched to grog which was ok. Overall I just hated the waitress who was not attentive and didn't seem overwhelmed she just didn't look up at other tables while walking by. We had to plead and beg for her attention! It wasn't too packed either!! We got there around 545 and it seemed like a regular happy hour crowd at any center city / old city bar. I was just put off by the waitress. Drinks were fine enough, they seem to have lots of events... perhaps i'll venture back for karoke or something. Seems like a cool place, that I really WANT to write a good review about... but the waitress SUCKED. So go, venture to national mechanics and maybe have an attentive wait person and a good experience and write the good review that I so badly wanted to write... boo.The best part about National Mechanics: the tomato soup and grilled cheese with the crust cut off. It makes me feel like a kid, and it's perfect on a rainy day.
Some other good things about this place: the spacious booths and the decor. I mostly enjoy coming here during the day or early evening, before it gets too crowded. It tends to get a little too frat for me during the prime-time bar hours.Great drinks! Very tasty, not too sweet or artificial. All we had to eat was the hummus plate, but it was yummy and served with warm pitaFinally I got to try this place out for something besides bloody marys!
Bloody Mary bar is great, BTW.
We went new years day for brunch.  We got a table quickly.  Our server (also the bartender) was great, so friendly and helpful.  
I tried the egg white omelette w/ spinach and tomato, which came w/ home fries. A+ for that, loads of veggies,potatoes were prepared well with onions, and all for $9 - good value in my eyes.
My date had the housemade veggie burger.  After nearly 20 years as a vegetarian, I have seen and had many veggie burgers. This one was nothing like ive seen before. No wonder (according to the server), they often run out!!  it's literally a patty made of vegetables. No beans, no rice, no BS. its not heavy or trying to be meat. Its just a true vegetable burger and it was delicious.  Served w/ steak fries. i think it was $11. 
Bonus: awesome ambiance. Cool weird stuff all over. Maybe it used to be a church? The Windows give that impression. Be sure to check out the weird pipes in the bathrooms. 
1 star lost because once they started getting busy, the service went to crap. They were very understaffed and we had to wait forever for a check. actually, i had to go ask for it 2x. As far as I could tell, there were 2 bartenders who were also acting as servers for the entire place, one food runner, and one hostess.  By the time we left it was packed and thats just not enough staff for a venue that size.Food was good not great but good. Sweet potato fries have cinnamon on them if you're into that kind of a thing. I'm not. Everyone thought salad was okay and small. 
Make your own bloody Mary is fun. I don't think they like Obama or democrats tho tbh - weird hot sauce flavors. My sister says the bloody toppings were underwhelming. 
My mom wouldn't "bank" on it. Get it?I am new to National Mechanics so maybe I am not getting the "charm" of the decor. It was mostly a hodgepodge of fake birds and bare light bulbs. I was also confused by the odd images on the glasses. I know one was Poe but the one on mine looked like someone crossed a photo of Che Guevara with Jesus. But I digress, I went here after the Yelp event under peer pressure to watch a sports game I really done care about. It took a long time to get service, it took a long time for the food to come out even though we only ordered fries and nachos. How long does it take to slap together a plate of nachos? I was not really impressed. The beer specials looked pricey even for Olde City. I might wander back in one day when I am in the area and the place is not hosting a large sports viewing party.4 stars for atmosphere. The outside looks like a museum, but the inside is a dingy Philly bar with great happy hour prices. My wife and I got a pitcher of Pimms, which we really enjoyed. We ordered guacamole and they were just okay. Both the guac, salsa, and chips all looked and tasted like they were from 7/11 down the road. However, 4 starts for atmosphere, attentive staff, and a great pitcher of Pimms. Cheers!Wow Evan is super polite and informative. Great menu atmosphere and crowd. Only place I enjoy going to alone.We stumbled upon National Mechanics whilst wandering around Philadelphia during a First Friday funday. We were hungry and ready for some beer -- thank goodness NM came to the rescue! We had some great grub to refill the gas tank, and had a plethora of hoppy bevvies, just what we were looking for. Our waitress was very kind and accommodating, as well.
Also, VERY COOL: You put requests in for the juke box from your iphone. I've never seen that anywhere before. VERY COOL.delicious brunch, great beer and pretty cool decor. nice spot to relax on a lazy day. service was meh. maybe our server was hungover.The outside looks like it could par of masonic lodge, or some grand secret meeting place rather then a bar. But when you walk in, guess what it's a bar. Very cozy atomosphere that keeps it very classic. if you looking for tvs you might as well head somewhere else. 
Didn't get a chance to try the food, not one for bar food, but they did have a good selection of beers on tap and in bottles. Personal Favorite is the Megatron, Hopitimus Prime w/ Guinness and Solar Eclipse, Blue Moon and Guinness. 
Ulitimately I enjoyed my time here, was quite and an enjoyable conversation with the Bar keep. Not sure what it's like on other nights but if you come to Philly, Check it out.Best veggie burger,lunch special. Lovely staff. And interactive DJing.sigh....I came here for brunch on a Saturday. It was not too busy and we were seated very quickly. We mainly came in to check out the Bloody Mary bar and it was great! I am a big fan of Bloody Mary's and actually have my own Bloody Mary blog. The bloody Mary's were good and included carrot stick, celery and several different olives including regular green olives, jalapeño stuffed olives, bleu cheese stuffed olives and cocktail onion stuffed olives. All were very good! You also get the option to select if you want a coating on the rim of your glass. I had the bacon salt rim and my girlfriend had the celery salt rim. If you like hot sauce or like your Bloody Mary hot, they have a massive selection of different hot sauces. Many of which I have never heard of. 
Apart from the Bloody Marys, I had the sausage skillet for brunch. It was good. I don't feel like there is anything with the food that blows you away as above and beyond or extremely delicious but it was solid and good. I would recommend this place and I will probably stop by again when I am in town.Went Friday night, and the music was standard dancing. It's great for a dancy night. Most of the charm for me came from the fact that the bar is in a really old bank.In the 90s, in one of its numerous incarnations, this premium location housed Coyote Ugly, and going back forever (j/k) to the eighties of my brother's clubbing days, this was the legendary Kennel Club. National Mechanics is definitely not ugly, though quite a few wilderness artifacts of questionable taste decorate the dark walls of this spacious one floor venue. An almost circuslike variety of social/cultural outings may be scheduled on a night you may just want to stop in for a beer (you'll probably notice an occasional sword-swallower or fire dancer gracing steps on the grecian facade), so check up on the listings - though almost always, the frequently participatory spectacle is worth showing up for.
In terms of food, it's hearty American fare, like steaks medium rare. The beer is a prime selling point, of course - the variety of IPAs is respectable, and I found myself a Tsingtao lager, rare outside an Asian eatery. And for the kind of intimately friendly atmosphere this place almost forces through its open floor plan, there's hardly a more appealing choice in town.THE best veggie burger I've ever had, and I'm not even real crazy about veggie burgers to begin with.  Laid back atmosphere and good beer selection, too.National Mechanics is like a long-time boyfriend to me: cozy, familiar, and everything I look for in a mate: clean, attractive, and fun to be around.
Housed in a former bank-turned-church-turned-Coyote-Ugly bar, National Mechanics (or NattyMechs, as I like to call it) has retained elements of all three: high ceilings, brick walls, dark paint, narrow, wooden church pews, stained glass windows, and a long, gorgeous bar -- although you'd be hard-pressed to find anyone dancing on it.
During lunch, they have cheap burgers and veggie burgers, and during Happy Hour, all drafts are $1 off. My favorite night to come to NM's is Wednesday for Quizzo with Irish John (3+ hours of spelling words using reproductive organs/arguing about the absolute zero of water); but the vibe in here is pretty much always kicking.
Of course, like any long-term partner, NattyM's and I have had our tiffs - like when they raised the price of the lunch burger from $5 to $6 -- and the popcorn chicken from $6 to $8. My wallet certainly took a beating that month. And yes, as everyone has noted, they never have enough people working, and sometimes it can take over an hour to get your food.
But the truth is: I really don't mind waiting. The atmosphere is laid-back and comforting, the tunes are awesome (check out what's playing here: http://www.last.fm/user/natmechanics) and the waitstaff are super-friendly and accommodating -- even when you show up with 20 people and just order pitchers.
The aforementioned popcorn chicken are to die for; the veggie burger might be the best in city (Yes, it really is THAT GOOD); the loaded nachos are banging. Bring you friends -- there's plenty of room for all!Very, very cool spot.  Large and spacious to accommodate friends in the double digits!  That, for me at least, is the biggest selling point because most other spots aren't really designed to sit down large groups of people on the fly, i.e. last minute-- whereas the layout of this spot allows it.  The food was ok, not spectacular- and drinks were solid.  Overall, the atmosphere carries this place.  Now i haven't been dancing here... but i liked the bar/dinner part enough to give it a try.Loved the vibe from the place! Their beer glasses have famous Philadelphians (the good and the bad) on them. Stumbled in for a bite before heading on a haunted tour. Their food was delicious! My mom and I split the peach and goat cheese salad as an app, refreshing, and I had the short ribs (gigantic)! Our waiter Patrick was great! A+National Mechanics is a difficult place to rate because it has multiple identities. It's a brunch cafe, a chill afternoon bar, and a nightclub. I am not rating the nightclub identity - not my thing. 
For brunch:  All the staple brunch fare is available - eggs benedict, skillets, pancakes, omelettes, and french toast. The food is good, although don't go if you're in a hurry. The real draw is the bloody mary bar. You can make it as spicy or salty as you like with a massive buffet of hot sauces, garnishes, and mixes. 
In the afternoon: A chill place to hangout with unique, bordering on bizarre, decor.A great watering hole when you need a break from showing your visitors the Liberty Bell. It's in an incredible space that was built to be a bank, then a church. So it has church pews and stained glass to pump up your Philly clout to visitors. The beer selection is wide, and available in pitchers. The cheese board was tasty, yet friendly for the less adventurous.This is one of my favorite bars in Philly.  The drink selection is awesome, no matter what you prefer.  It can get a bit crowded on weekends.  The food is generally good, and their brunch is awesome, but as a veggie burger connoisseur, I have to say I don't love theirs.  That's okay, Philly has great veggie burgers elsewhere, and National Mechanics is a really great time, otherwise.  All in all, this is a really cool place.A very cool place with an excellent beer selection. Probably one of the most uniquely designed restaurants I've ever been to. Will definitely be back soon!After waiting almost an hour for our food we told the hostess never mind. We saw our waitress twice and she never apologized for the wait. When you're walking around the city all morning the last thing you want to do is wait an hour for food. Very disappointing.Came here as a spur of the moment kind of thing and it was great. All the food looks amazing and it's a low key quiet place. The skillet was delicious and so was the veggie burger. One thing I've never seen before is a bloody Mary bar. Definitely worth the tryWow - this place sure has changed a lot since it was Coyote Ugly! Alas, there is no more dancing on the bar but plenty of seating and floor space to hang out to your hearts content. 
Great music, good beer selection and a nice menu (I highly recommend the Frito Taco Extravaganza, a bag of Fritos opened up and topped with chili & cheese). And the holy grail of bars, especially for us ladies: the bathrooms are lovely, clean, and private. Bravo!
Great spot for large groups. I'll definitely go back.While my boyfriend is a big fan of the place, I can't say that my few experience there rendered me the same. The first time I was there was a Sunday and whole the place was half full, there were only 2 servers there and service was incredibly slow. A few other visits were not really impressive and then the past Friday me and a few friends went there during a Phillies game and it was ok.
I do love the place in which looked like a small church or monastery. People here are not incredibly friendly, our waitress was friendly enough but a bit overwhelmed by the crowd. The goth-y maitre'd and bartender never even smiled. 
The amount of beer and drink choices are great. One of our friend seldom drink beers and our waitress was kind enough to introduce him to a strawberry beer that tasted very much like soda. We sat down to have a nice dinner. The calamari was good, buffalo wings and nachos were acceptable, the special corn fritters was enjoyable but they felt like any bar food you've had and nothing stood out too much. 
We shared two entrees: the National Burger and a special Penne Vodka. Again the burger is plain and nothing really special, the Penne Vodka however is pleasant with Canadian bacon, chicken, peas in a creamy tomato sauce. Sure you can make it at home but it's not something you can get everywhere.
I did enjoy the game specially, our team, the Phillies ended up winning. But one random jerk who was sitting near the TV was whistling a sharp note the whole night and all the diners and viewers keep looking around trying to locate the annoying selfish inconsiderate, no doubt, fan who's trying to telepathically send his cheer through the TV monitor over to the players while the staff here look on and go about their work. It's annoying for everyone and I was glad to get out of that place when I did.
That said, I wouldn't mind going back if my friends or my boyfriend wants to go back, but I don't think I will suggest the place myself.Veronica was excellent! We were celebrating a birthday with a rowdy group of 9 and she handled us like a champ. Most of us were servers ourselves, and were so impressed. The food and drinks were good but the service will bring us back.I stopped in for a quick happy hour function. I was a little late so things had already wound down by the time I got there. I didn't really want to GET DOWN so I just had my usual Captain Coke... I almost got down by accident because that joint was a doozie!The building (from the outside) is beautiful but the decor (inside) can only be described as..godawful.? I had an overwhelming urge to rip off the recessed ceilings and the strange coiled wires around the light fixtures. Also the service: painful. Bloody Mary's: salt is an essential ingredient. Use it liberally. 
Giving it 2 stars so that hopefully it lives up to its full potential one day.This review might be a bit biased since I work right above the place. But i'm inclined to say that this bar is one of the best in the city, the food is great and they always have something going on. Phillies games during the playoffs, old city sideshow, video games on sunday nights, quizzo, cute wait staff, you name it they probably have it.Came here this weekend with a very big group and they did an awesome job accommodating us. We lucked out some because a large group was just leaving as we got there, but the hostess and servers were great! The food and beer were good too, as always.What a quirky restaurant! My boyfriend's parents took us here after an exhausting tour around Philly. I was immediately curious about the story behind this place, so naturally I looked to the internet for answers. Their website says that this building has seen banks, churches, clubs, bars, and now a restaurant... wow!! Impressive. And apparently it got its name from what was originally housed there: Mechanics National Bank.
The decor is unique as well. My boyfriend was counting the number of greyhound figurines, and I was trying to see if there was a common theme somewhere, including the bathrooms. I couldn't identify one, but nonetheless, the decor gives the restaurant character and history. This includes the glasses for beverages, featuring a few historical faces that are sure to make great conversation at the table or encourage patrons to visit the restaurant's #PubQuizNight! Overall, what a neat space.
As for food, I ordered a steak with a side of mashed potatoes. Actually, I asked to substitute the fries for mashed potatoes, which they gladly did. And for the first time in awhile, a restaurant cooked it PERFECTLY medium rare as I requested! My boyfriend got the Philly Cheesesteak, which he enjoyed. I was not as much of a fan, but he's convinced that it's what REAL Philly Cheesesteak is supposed to taste like.
All of the wait staff members must be trained to answer FAQs because they were not only knowledgeable about the menu, but they were also able to tell us the history about the people featured on the glass cups. Anyways, I could spend hours here, admiring the decor, having lunch and getting some work done, or cozying up with friends over a few of the delicious-sounding drinks at the bar. Love it, and I hope to be back someday!Well, as everyone else has said, the architecture and general ambience of this place are amazing. I went last Friday after First Friday shenanigans. It was pretty packed, but we got a table straight away and had some food and dranks. The prices were pretty reasonable for the drinks, though I was told there is a $15 credit card minimum at the bar. I didn't mind, though, in retrospect, I wish I hadn't had that second one that I needed to meet the minimum. 
Great open area for dancing, which you will CERTAINLY want to go, given their wonderful music selection. Any place where I can cut a rug to "Single Ladies" while enjoying a Long Island and a big order of fries is a winner in my book!Full disclosure : this has always been one of my favorite places. But,  this time deserves a review. My boyfriend and I came in one Saturday night and got one of the last open tables, so they were fairly busy. Our server Patrick came to our table and was going through the menu and my boyfriend was asking some questions about off-menu items, and Patrick was extremely helpful with his weirdness. 
After he took our drink order and food order Mike came over and was giving us our utensils for the food we ordered. It was then that he noticed our table had a wobble to it. It was a pretty big wobble but we go out fairly often and sometimes, you get a wobbly table, it's annoying but we could deal. Mike went out of his way to make sure our table was fixed so we wouldn't have any problems with our meal or our drinks. 
The staff here is always very helpful and accommodating but we both felt that this time we needed to give them a shout out by name. The food and drinks where fantastic as always, but Patrick and Mike were super!After a long morning of exploring the city during the wait for my passport, the atmosphere and food was exactly what I needed. The food came up quick, was fantastically freshly made, and went perfectly with my Strongbow :) The bartender (who was super friendly) recommended the tuna melt with bacon. At first, the idea of a tuna melt was gross, but I am *so* glad I got it! By far the best tuna sandwich I've ever had! Don't forget to add the bacon because, well, why the hell not?!The building is really neat and I love the vibe on the inside. It's a little oasis in the city! I wish I lived closer so I could come up more often!Happy hour staple if you work in this neighborhood - good beer selection, reasonable specials, and a great space to accommodate the whole crew.
It's lesser known weekday lunch special is also worth the visit if you are local - $6 gets you a cheeseburger or veggieburger, with fries.  You can't even get a ham sandwich and chips at a local deli for 6 bucks anymore!  More often than not I go with the veggieburger -- it's easily the best one in the city and beats a lot of Philly's burgers, at that.  Service is always friendly and on point.  For what it is, NM does it well.I went here recently with my sister. It was her first time going out in Old City and the first thing she said was "I love the crowd here!" I noticed too. The men weren't your typical polo shirt preppies and almost everybody was wearing glasses. At that point a tall attractive man with a drink asked me if I was in the ALA.
Come again?
As it turns out, the American Librarian's Association was hosting a party there.  We had a slammin time. The DJ was playing a great mix of Motown songs and we sang and danced with the librarians all night. GOLD.
The art on the walls here is fascinating and a bit dark. It's quite a unique place. A little unpredictable, though. I've also been there on a Saturday night when it was very quiet and it was a good place to have a beer and chat with friends.I like this place, but only before 10 PM.  The food here is very tasty (hummus was good, as were the mushroom tacos) and they have some nice beer choices on draft.  Once the music starts ooncing and the staff tries to move your table to make room for the dance floor, though, it's a good time to leave...you know, unless you're into the club/nightlife scene (no judgment).This place was great! Like the atmosphere and all the details in the decorations. 
It would be an understatement to say we inhaled our food. Holy guacamole, the nachos grande were delicious and huge. Finished by 3 people in under 5 minutes. The triple cheese Mac and cheese was so good and swimming in a delicious cheese. The only improvement would be if it was served with a spoon so I could get all of the cheese sauce that came with it.  The national wings, spicy buffalo style, were delicious. Their spiciness was a perfect heat, just enough to clear your sinuses. 
Overall great place. I'd like to come back to try their drink specialities.Everyone raves about National Mechanics. I've been twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. The food is decent but not amazing, and if you are a beer drinker (which I am not - probably why much of the charm is lost on me) they have a nice and reasonably priced beer selection. The music is loud, this is not a quiet sit and talk place. I'm sure I'll be back there sooner or later. The best crowd description, my friend noted, "hipsters with jobs".It amazes me the number of different "scenes" that one can experience in this cool historic space depending on when you go.  
I will confess up front that this old lady almost always finds it too loud at night, but I have had raucous good times when I was in the mood for them.  They keep a nice rotation of draft beers including local micro-brew favorites and some more exotic choices, as well as solid, basic beers (e.g. Yeungling, Sam Adams, etc.).  I have had some good mixed drinks as well, but the bartenders and waitstaff can get a little overwhelmed when it's packed, making beer seem like the easier and kinder choice.
My favorite National Mechanics experience has to be brunch.  It is quieter, more mellow, and the diffuse sunlight streaming through the antique stained glass windows really highlights the grand space.  The rough-hewn wood tables and little touches like carnivorous plants under glass bells on the window sills stand out.  All of the breakfast and lunch dishes I have tried (turkey sandwich, Breakfast!, monte cristo, and a couple of salads and omelettes among them) have been quite good, and a HUGE amount of food for the price.  
They also do a spectacular bloody mary bar even though I am generally not into these. The times that I am out seeking therapeutic early-day food with liquor are usually the times I most want someone else to do all of the work.  However, the generous pours of customizable vodka (or tequila), and absurd variety of hot sauces and extras really make it worth the effort and the money.In vacation in Philly with my sister, and we stopped by National Mechanics for dinner and some trivia on a Wednesday night. Walking distance from Center City, and the building is a part of Philly's history. Eat wonderful food and be quasi touristy--while eating and drinking on gorgeous church pews. You must have the cocktails and desserts. Thank you, fellow Yelpers for the recommendation. Oh, and go Cowboys!I've only gone here during lunch, but every time has been great. The first time I went for their  famous veggie burger, but I chickened out and got a regular burger, which was standard pub fare, served with fries. The second time and every time thereafter, I got the loose veggie burger and man, it is one of the best I've had. Good beer selection and cool building makes it a good stop for lunch!For the most part, I like National Mechanics. If you're there at night, it's usually not overcrowded, the bartenders are pleasant, and the beer selection isn't half bad. Sometimes the music is a little too "hits of yesterday" but it's not the kind of place one would go just to "shake it." 
However! Dining here--whether for brunch or for dinner--can be excruciating. On one hand, the food isn't expensive and it's pretty good (even GREAT sometimes), but the service is just ridiculous. The past few times I've been here for brunch the restaurant has been relatively empty, maybe three or four other tables, but I've still had to wait up to ten minutes just for a menu. Getting a cup of coffee is another ten minutes, and god forbid you order food! Dinner is the same story: slow service, and definitely without a smile.
I keep coming back because it's a convenient place to meet friends, and the food doesn't suck, but I wish they'd staff more than one waitress during a shift, or at least one competent waitress.So I've been dying to check this place out in light of all the rave reviews. Unfortunately we decided that midnight on a Friday night was the time to do it. At this point the few hipsters and predominantly old cityish (read frat party) crowd was beyond drunk. Drinks were being carried around haphazardly, the dance floor was a giant hot mess, and there was alot of bumping and grinding on the drunken shambles that would be considered the dance floor. I was way too sober for this business. To remedy this I quickly ordered a gin and tonic, which was a whole lot of tonic with a touch of gin- guess I'm staying sober.. Another hazard of being sober -you're much more aware of the frat party you're surrounded by. I totally did not expect this from National Mechanics- thought it would be this unpretentious place to grab a drink and dance, but alas the hazards of drinking in old city..
The music was the one bright light and would make me return in a heartbeat, We had a good time thanks to the good booty music dance tunes, but beware coming here in any state of sobrierty.To be fair, I am finishing this review a nearly a year after I started.  I was responsible for organizing a group outing of about 10 thirty-somethings. Good Yelp reviews, word of mouth and a building I had admired made it my choice for the night. We were heading out early (babysitters were being paid) and when I called was assured we'd have no problem getting a table... I gave my name anyway. Rest assured, despite being all but empty, we waited for about 40 minutes. No problem, good bar, good bartender. Drinks were had. They tried sitting us at two tables - remember, it was EMPTY - and when we asked to move to a table that could accomodate our group, the hostess started arguing with us. She then went over to talk to a waitress and pointed at us, which was sweet because then our waitress totally sucked for the entire night giving us attitude. The food OK at best, the staff utterly horrible, can't think of a reason we'll go back. Everyone in the group was shocked. As a side note, I was working with a conference in Philly that had this place on their list of "places to check out." My experience was so bad I got it pulled.While exploring the city we stumbled upon National Mechanics, which we had already heard good things about.  We were just there for a couple drinks but it is definitely a cool, hip, loud place.  Bartenders were very friendly and we loved the feel of the place.  Will definitely check it out for food sometime.I am increasing the stars for National Mechanics because they have improved their beer selection AND it has never been overrun with douchebags when I've been there. The servers are friendly and competent even with their multiple facial piercings (not that I generally have a problem with that sort of thing). And on more than one occasion I have been truly impressed with the music. It loses a star because I hate Old City.Great beer selection and great food for everyone even for vegetarian and those who are broke yes broke. Hard economics times you want a place that won't drain your wallet, this is your place. There have great happy hour specials and food specials too. Great price in Old City!!Honestly? LOVE this place. I love the space. Every time I'm here, I wish I had a reason to throw a party there and rent the whole place out. I love the decor for the holidays, and I love the place without it. The food is yummy and affordable bar food, and the service is generally pretty decent. The servers are always nice, but when it gets crowded things can get a little crazy. 
Beer selection is good. Etc etc. I particularly love National Mechanics as an escape from the typical bar scene in Old City.  It's a haven of sorts from. well. yeah. 
It also helps that the first time I came here was to see Peekaboo Revue... a little t&a will help warm any establishment to my heart.The atmosphere is cool, & the interior is unusual.  Food is pretty good, but my wife & I had horrible service once -- waaaay too slow.  But overall, not bad!Great place to refuel when walking about the historic sites in Philadelphia. Tasty comfort food like grilled cheese, tomato soup, and sweet potato fries. Refreshing brews, lots to choose from too. French onion soup was hot, well seasoned and the cheese was bubbly. Very cool decor, church pews serve as booths and stained glass windows add ambiance. Service was friendly and attentive. This seems like a place I would frequent if I was a local.This place is always trying to do something different. They had a rock band night and they are currently running a Street Fighter 4 night! Being a gamer, this has me choosing to spend my Sunday nights out instead of getting ready for the week! I love love love their nachos and the Obama bomb is the best drink ever period.
Cool atmosphere, great service!Went on a Sunday afternoon with my boyfriend after seeing several people stroll in. We both ordered the burger topped with a fried egg. It was amazing!! They had several cheeses to choose from, my bf choosing the cheddar while I chose the pepper jack. The fries were big, fat steak fries, which I don't think restaurants use enough.  My only complaint was that the service was very, very slow, which can be a problem when you have the meter running.We recently did an event here.  We had a really really hard time coordinating the reservation with the staff.  Every time we called they were extremely nice on the phone but each new person could never find the reservation.  After 6 calls and emails to managers, we still couldn't get a return call confirming the reservation or sending us menus.  We finally heard from the GM 2 business days before the event.  
The actual event was ok.  Service was very slow but the food was fairly good and my group had a nice time.  I'm sure National Mechanics is a great place for a drink or two but it may not be the best spot if you're thinking of bringing a larger group.We've shared a lot of great memories with National Mechanics.  We've done Thanksgiving dinner there.  Our post-wedding celebration brunch was held there. I even got up in front of a rowdy crowd and read a "Broem" for the book release party of BROETRY (my poem was appropriately titled "Lager, How Do I Love Thee? Let Me Count the Ways).
And there's good reason for this - National Mechanics is awesome.  Consistently good food (particularly brunch), awesome décor and a great crowd always make NatMechs a good time.
NatMechs is decorated like a warped church with high ceilings and pews, look carefully at the plants lining the windows and you'll see Venus Flytraps ready to feed on the next fly that unfortunately made his way into the space.
Brunch is where it's at, with a great selection of food and a Make Your Own Bloody Mary Bar with a ton of selections to create your favorite Mary.  I also particularly like the plantain chips on the regular menu.
A nice mixed drink and draft list round out NatMechs. Be sure to check out your pint glass and the glasses around you to get a nice variety of local Philly "celebrities!"
NatMechs hosts a ton of fun events (like Science On Tap and the Olde City Sideshow) so it gets pretty packed on the weekends, but it's always worth it regardless!This place is awesome. I came for karaoke night...albeit accidentally, and had sooo much fun. The crowd is delightedly diverse and the drinks are great as is the bottled beer selection. The prices are very reasonable as well. I will definitely be going back again.I had only ever been to national mechanics on a weekend night, when my fiance and I decided to venture there for brunch this morning. We entered the restaurant and there were 3 tables occupied. We ordered our food, which took 30 minutes to arrive. The bread was soggy, the aioli sauce was a strange orange color, and the lettuce was wilted. 
I will definately go back for drinks on the weekend, but will most likely stay away from the weekend brunch.Really like the historic building and steam punkish vibe of the interior.  Food was all really good, except they have some big balls charging $8 for chips and salsa which obviously had Tostitos and El Paso on the outside of their containers.  It would probably be cheaper to make the salsa.  And don't these people also own a Mexican restaurant?  Weird.  A+ burger though.This a cool bar/restaurant in Olde City that I enjoy going to get a bit tipsy. They have a decent beer selection and always something different on draft. The food isn't bad and the popcorn chicken hits the spot. I also love doing karaoke here and it always a good time hearing bad singers.I'm not a "regular" kind of person -- I like trying new restaurants, bars, places too much to keep going to the old stale ones. But my friends go to National Mechanics every Wednesday for quizzo, and I kept joining, and all of a sudden the waiters and quizzomaster Rob knew me. And I guess I'm a regular. Which is kind of fun.
Food and drinks are good here. Great burgers, good fries. $2.50 Yuenglings on Wednesday night, which you really can't beat the price, though it often tastes kind of flat. But they have a great beer selection on tap of non-flat beers. I don't know how it gets on a weekend, but on Quizzo Wednesdays, National Mechanics has a great vibe.Was a bank, a church now a very cool bar. Eccentric lighting and decor. Good food, great bar atmosphere. Worth the trip.