Had Happy Hour here once the place was great!!! They have the best wings.....worth a try!!!I'm not impressed. Although New Deck oozes pub warmth on a cold winter day, I'd pop in for a drink, not lunch. 
While my food was OK - I had the french onion soup and split the portabello sandwich - I've had the same dishes much tastier in other locations. Including my own kitchen. The soup was warm but underwhelming, the portabello seemed to have been left out of the marinating process and only dresses with a dash of balsamic, the fries had been obviously friend in old oil. 
Add to the blah food the fact that my dining companion and I both found hairs in our food (to be fair, I have a lot of hair, and the particularly long one could have been mine) and there were little unappetizing gnats buzzing around the table. 
Our waitress also rushed the crap out of us. She tried to take our drink order before we even had our jackets off, and tried to make me order while my partner was still in the restroom blowing his wind-battered nose. Bad waitress! She did, however, bring two dill pickles, as requested. 
The only thing saving the New Deck from a one-star review is beer, and the fact that I know they have a pretty rowdly, rambunctious, and often grad-school-difficult quizzo night, which is pretty fun if you get there early enough to grab an upstairs table. 
In summary, just because you're a college bar doesn't been you can coast by with insulting service and ho-hum food. Step it up!When Mad Mex is packed, New Deck is a reliable default.  A table will always be open for you and your crew.  You have your choice of long tables in a quieter downstairs, or small- and medium-sized tables in the busier upstairs.  Hit up the bar if you want to make new friends.
Pros are the variety of creative vodka drinks, scrumptiously fatty fries and location on Samsom Street.
Cons are the slow service, greasy menus, greasy food (i know, I just praised the fries, but the healthy options are lacking).First off, the Awesome Fries are awesome and deserve 4.5 stars. However, the rest of the meal was average, so I could not see myself rating a place solely on one appetizer. 
But, if you like fries, the Awesome Fries is a huge platter that can easily serve a group of 4-5 who want to munch on this goodness. The fries are amazingly crispy, loaded with cheese and bacon bits.
It's your typical bar atmosphere, slightly on the noisy side and dimly lit. Our server was very nice, and extremely patient with us.
I ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. It was decent. Nothing spectacular though. My wife got the Swiss Chicken, also decent but nothing spectacular.
I think back in my collage days I would have loved hitting this place up in the late night for some beer and appetizers.
For dinner, it's okay and does the trick, if you want something fast and moderately priced. But don't expect nothing more than your standard bar food, with the exception of their Awesome Fries.The burgers are delicious! The staff is pretty friendly but can be a little slow sometimes. Overall, it's a great place to eat whether you're grabbing food to go or want to sit down for dinner.This place was disappointing to say the least. Shepard's Pie was listed as a house specialty and was one of the worst dishes I have ever been served in a restaurant. It was basically liquified grease with a few pieces of beef and canned vegetables floating in it topped with mashed potatoes. The cheesesteak was mediocre and chicken quesadilla was fast food caliber. The apple pie was made with canned apples. I would recommend going to the restaurants on either side of this place unless you are just looking for beer and nachos.Great food, and its half off after 11 i think?  Good place to drink too, but it gets a minus 1 star because of certain packed nights with bad karaoke performances that makes me want to spontaniously combust.Was in Philly this weekend and needed a quick bite to eat close to my hotel. Used yelp and found this place to be the best place closeby with decent reviews. I ended up getting a BBQ chicken salad and burger to go. After bringing the food back to the hotel I found the salad to be completely opposite of what was described. There was no chicken in the meal and in fact there were beets in there that were not part of the description in the menu. It seems like they only made half the salad and replaced the chicken with beets. When looking at the menu there was nothing that matched what they gave me. I was disappointed but not ready to walk back to correct it. The burger was average. Would not recommend this place for anything else but drinks.A typical college pub - food is good, beer selection not bad, service, while perhaps not as ideally attentive as I'd like, was acceptable. For the late-night, after-concert need for sustenance, particularly involving some fermented grains - this is your place in this neighborhood.I've been to New Deck many times with friends and have always had a good experiences here with regards to their food and beer selection.  They have a nice variety of appetizers that always come out pretty fast and their burgers are always really good, which i recommend and gravitate to when i can't decide what to eat.  happy hours bring us here often as you can't beat their 1$ off select draft beers and $5 appetizers.  Even though their awesome cheese fries are pretty awesome and not part of their HH appetizer list, i would recommend getting them.  so why the 2 star?  they recently added new items to their restaurant which i didn't particularly enjoy.  as usual, my friends and I were seated downstairs because of our larger party size.  My friend kept looking behind my shoulder, which i found odd because i was sitting with my back to the corner.  I then found out he had spotted a COCKROACH behind me walking around.  yikes!  my friend reached over and killed it.  ok....carry on.  few mins later, he was looking over my shoulder again and told me not to move.  there was another COCKROACH peeking over the ledge.  If i had leaned back another inch or two, it would've probably crawled on me.  again, my friend reached over and killed it and then brought it to the attention of one of the staff.  They apologized and assured us they would do something about it.  As we finished our meal, we found three more COCKROACHES by the window sill, a total of 5 during our 2 hours there.  As much as I love their food and HH's, i'm hesitant to come back until they remove this recent addition to their restaurant.  4 stars for food and happy hour, service is hit or miss and brings it down to a 3 stars, 2 stars because of the COCKROACHES.  not a one star, because their food is still good.....ATTITUDE PROBLEM!
I have been here a couple of times mostly for sports games. Got there a bit early for the world cup final and asked the hostess if the volume could be turned on for the game. Well, the game started and still no volume. I kindly went up to her again and asked if the volume could be turned up a bit. She looked at me, cocked her head, and said "um I think the bar does that". Not the right answer....
I also witnessed a server holler at the hostess from across the restaurant about a couple of foreign patrons that sat at a 6-top that "should be moved". In addition, the hostess spoke to my server in the middle of the restaurant and told him, quite loudly, "I need to get out of here. This is ridiculous" (or something along those lines).
Granted, my server was a sweetheart and I have not had any other major problems... the food is good, the drinks are moderately inexpensive. Ive also been in the service industry for 5 years so I know how things can get... however there is a time and a place and it is NOT IN FRONT OF YOUR CUSTOMERS. 
Fix that, New Deck.What to say about New Deck?  I may have been here more than anywhere else in Philly, but I don't have that much to say recently.
It's one of those ubiquitous Philly Irish pubs.  It's right in University City.  It does Quizzo twice a week.
I don't drink beer, but people seem to appreciate what they have on tap, and they make a decent frozen mudslide (I've had my share of sips from other people's drinks... tend to be the D.D.)
One useful thing for me is that New Deck can go on my chicken quesadilla ranking list.  It ranks... decent.  Seriously.  It comes with the sour cream, which makes me happy.  It also comes with a sliced pepper (though I thought it was an olive), with each slice individually hand-placed on each  triangular quesadilla segment.  This gives me the opportunity to individually hand remove each slice and reconstruct the pepper.  The dish is totally acceptable.
I also sometimes get the rather adequate burger.
This place can get crowded on weekends, and is often filled with undergrads, which... well, I'll let you who you are decide the appeal of that.
Service is mixed. Sometimes, fine, but recently... ok, shaved-head guy from Penn State... I understand you were into the Flyer's game.  But forgetting our appetizer, never checking on our meals, and seeming baffled by our request for silverware... this is not the way to earn a good tip.  Also, I'm confused about your practice of clearing the table by removing one plate, disappearing for 10 minutes at a time, coming back to pick up and then put down plates, finally removing another one, and repeat... we really would have just liked the check.
Another quirk... Baileys was on the menu.  I often enjoy a little Bailey's or Bailey's & milk on ice at home, so I figured I'd order it.  I was brought a shot glass of Bailey's with an ice cube in it.  Um... shots are nice and all that, but usually when something is placed on the drink menu, it is assumed it is an actual, you know, drink.
Enough random kvetching I suppose.  Probably just because I've been here a lot.  It's laid back, serves food late, and I love having an activity at a bar.  You want a place to meet friends and grab a bite and a drink at night in University City, this is on the top of my list of places to go.I like the scene and the food selection is ok.. But I truly had a problem with the place and the price change they will do unless you ask about the price for a picture of Beer.  I had gone to get some beer on a Wednesday and it was my first time going.  Then I came back on a Friday and ordered the same pitcher of beer. Wow what a jump in price.  I'm talking $10 more for the same picture of beer.Good appetizers, good Philly steak sandwich. Nothing extra ordinary but God value and hit the spot. Very convenient location to U Penn. Outside seating is nice with impressive flower boxes.Recently came here for lunch on a Sunday. While the service was quick and friendly, the food was just okay. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. The menu said the chicken was dipped in hot sauce and the wrap came with bleu cheese. Well, my wrap came and the only somewhat spicy part of the wrap was the peppers. No taste of hot sauce whatsoever. And the bleu cheese? Guess they forgot that too. The wrap was good but definitely not what I thought I was ordering.After a solid night of bar hopping, we love coming here. The half off menu helps stop the bleeding from our wallets as well. Typical favorites are Awesome fries, Shepherds pie, and Black Friday turkey. Fills up your stomach while leaving enough cash left from the night to fill up your car at the gas station.We feel like we cheated you, with all those happy hour guinnesses, patron margaritas, some crazy scotch thing, food... and you even gave us free celebratory shots for special event for 4! We love you, Paul.... we love you, New Deck. Your awesomely authentic atmosphere, staff, and menu...
We feel like we got an amazing deal for that final tab.
"The worst thing about getting my new fabulous job is that I won't work next to New Deck anymore!"
They're very strict carders, you underage crowd.I have fond memories of this place. I lived across the street at Kings Court English House as a college freshmen and consistently came out to New Deck Tavern during Happy Hour to enjoy their five dollar appetizers. 
I doubt one will ever make this a destination restaurant, but you can't go wrong with inexpensive massive portions that are well executed. 
Lastly, I love the atmosphere of this place. It's akin to a MacLaren's like in How I Met Your Mother.ahhh I'm such a fan and have been for the past 3 years.
What could be better than spending your Sunday hungover with your best friend at New Deck Tavern?? Absolutely nothing! We love coming here on Sundays... Not only are the appetizers half off starting at 3pm but the food in general is just to die for. This past sunday I ordered "toast".. which is really the most amazing grilled cheese I ever had with tomatoes... I know you're probably thinking grilled cheese? Is this girl for real? Yes, I'm serious. Best grilled cheese ever. But if you're looking for more of a meal I would definitely recommend the Hickory Burger. I'm drooling just thinking about it!Went to this Irish Pub after a couple of hours studying with a bud and it was kinda disappointing. I ordered the hot and honey wings with the cripsy onion burger since their wings were skinnier than a run way model. **Disclaimer** Hyperbole in the house. Check my food pic but their bone was literally exposed at the main part of the wing. The flavor was a nice honey glazed with a little spicy/hot kick. It was different from the traditional take of Buffalo wings. The burger was average too. It was a little dry so grab the bottle of Heinz Ketchup as second string back up.
In terms of service, the server wasn't too attentive with my friend and I. He forgot to give us napkins and left our glasses to be parch and half empty. It must have been a live band night because it was really hard to talk with someone less than three feet away from you. Overall, the spot is ok. Go for their happy hour specials after normal business hours. I don't think I'll be a regular.Went to New Deck looking for a good meal after 10 and a lot of the places in university City were already closed. Waiter was attentive and quick with the drink refills. Ordered a cheeseburger and fries and they were excellent. Fairly standard pub food but if that's what you're in the mood for it's a good choice, good portions as well.So now that I'm living off campus I have really begun to miss my New Deck happy hour specials! I used to come here like at least once or twice a week for happy hour and not only are the dicounts awesome but the food is great too! If you are a first timer at New Deck you have to try the loaded potato skins and buffalo wings becasue they are absolutely AMAZING! It is always crowded at happy hour but never uncomfortably so and there is almost never a wait. Living in Delco I don't get here very much any more so drink and eat plentifully and think of me while doing so!Another hot spot for 20 something early 30s located in University City.  Monday and Wednesday nights are generally quizzo nights which is always a fun time.  Friendly staff and great food selection.  Food is half off starting at 11 PM every night and there are plenty of drink specials to choose from.  Plenty of tables and seats to sit on at the bar but on event nights show up a little before time to guarantee a spot.(Food review only)
Used to love this place. Of course that was better than 10 years ago when my palate was significantly less refined. I was way more interested in beers, booze and all the beautiful babies (quoting "Swingers" to give you a sense of my age). Well, Mikey is all grownsed up. Bottom-line, the food here sucks. Let's start with the appetizer first.
We ordered the awesome cheese fries. Though candidly not as awesome as I recall, they still did the job. The fries are crispy but overly greasy. They're smothered in melted jack and cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon. Honestly this is standard issue barfood that nobody really should screw up, though the amount of greasiness in the fries led me to believe that these folks were trying really hard. My colon be like "we hatin'!"
Main course was the cowboy burger. As advertise this sounded pretty good. Hamburger topped with pepper jack cheese, coleslaw and barbecue sauce. When all ingredients are fresh and the burger is well seasoned, that is a magical combination. I'm afraid the only thing decent was the bun. 
I'm pretty confident that I did not get pepper jack cheese, instead some sorry excuse for American cheese. The coleslaw could've been bought at Costco, for that matter so could have the burger. Anybody who's eaten "Philly's best" frozen burger patties knows the cruel joke that the marketing people have just played on them. The burger was dense, tasteless, and not seasoned because the damn thing was frozen when it hit the grill. Oddly enough our server asked me if cooking this burger to medium was fine. Anyone having any experience with this type of product will tell you it's impossible to cook it anything less then well done. Until this place brings back hand formed hamburger patties, don't bother ordering a burger from here.
The absolute best thing on our table this evening was our kids chicken fingers. They are actually hand dredged and made to order. Really, really good. If I EVER go back to this joint again, I'm ordering off the kids menu, and washing it down with several beers.I usually come here for quizzo or a stop during the erin express tour but this past saturday was my first time i came here to eat dinner and have a drink. i walked in around 7o clock on a saturday and it was pretty empty which isn't a bad thing for someone who is starving. i got cheesesteak eggrolls and fries. the cheese steak eggrolls were good and the fry basket was great. nothing to complain about. typical bar food. i am a huge fan of the alcoholic shamrock shake they have during the erin express tourThis was my favorite bar from college.  The Irish food is good and by far my favorite Irish Pub in the Philadelphia region.  Traditional food aside, I really enjoy the Hickory burger.   I love the colby and monterey jack cheese with frizzled onions, bacon and BBQ sauce.  I try to stop in a few times a year and am always very happy when I do.Happy hours vary here, so make sure you check the website and come here on good days. What do good days include? Half off appetizers (except wings as our waiters/waitresses always like to remind us) and $2 well drinks. Appetizers to get: awesome fries (they really are that awesome) and nachos supreme. It's fun to go with a group of friends and then be astonished at how little you have to pay.My coworkers and I often went to New Deck for beer and fried foods at happy hour, but we will not return after our last experience. The manager acted as if we were inconveniencing him by being a party of 6. We waited and waited until we realized that he was never going to seat us. The pitchers of beer are cheap, but our waiter once insisted we dole out the beer remaining in our pitcher immediately because the restaurant had run out of pitchers. The appetizers can best be described as "fried things with cheese." I've also tried the soup and the burgers, but I can't recommend either.Great location, great room, great food, great service.
We found New Deck Tavern because it was open late - kitchen was open til 1:00am.
I had the Shepherd's Pie... which was pretty good, not great - but I'd order it again.
Friend had the Reuben, which was amazing.
We had the Irish Bread Pudding for dessert, and that alone would bring me back.
Server was delightful.  Music - while a bit loud - was a nice touch.
The room was also a star.  Lots of great Irish paraphernalia to look at.best place!  get the amazing fries and a pint of your beer.  you will have the best meal of your life.Only went here once with my Dad, but it seems like a classic Irish Philly bar, and a real staple based on the crowd. My Dad and I ate dinner there prior to the Penn vs Villanova game at the Pallestra and the good was very solid too. Good wings and burgersFood: 3.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 5
Service: 4.5
Value: 3.5
Perhaps my review would be different if visiting while school was in session, but we had a great time sitting out on the quiet patio out front enjoying our reasonably priced food. No outrageous menu choices or anything that stood out as amazing, but affordable with a nice atmosphere is usually sufficient for me.Always good food and atmosphere. More of a college hang out with your typical fried food and beer. It's worth taking a look.This place was located right near our hotel and we were in the mood for Irish pub food so we headed here. THE BEST BANGERS AND MASH!!! Crispy on the outside and tender inside. The mashed potatoes were so flavorful. The onion gravy was to die for! 
My daughter got a salad/soup combo and loved the salad. She had arugula and a lot of other mixed greens. The loaded baked potato soup had a great flavor but the texture was a bit off. 
The service was fast and friendly! 
All in all, we loved it and it made our trip!!!!You can not go wrong!!! Delicious food, however the staff are the best! As a Boston fan, it was great fun to watch the games with Matt then Michael! Wonderful day!What is with all those reviews about great fries?  Admittedly, they are not a frozen product.  But great?  Just average by me. Burger was all meat and juicy with a quality bacon product used. Way too loud for me though.In town for the night looking for late night dinner. Found the New Deck Tavern open and empty. It was a Tuesday night at 9 pm. Service was
fast and friendly. Ordered soups and sandwiches. The Onion soup was ok. The special burger ordered med rare was well done. The only good thing was the place was quite.My wife and I often have to visit the Univ of Penn Hospital. I have found this to be the excellent restaurant within walking distance. Most of the food is good. Excellent pub atmosphere. Some tables outside. I recommend the fajitas (ask for a couple extra tortillas).I've been living and going to school in University City for five years now and I've been here so many times. I used to come here with my family quite a bit when we were still getting used to the area and figuring out places to go, they always enjoyed it. I've had their burgers, bangers and mash, a bunch of chicken dishes, and their Shepard's pie plenty of times and don't ever recall having a bad meal. Once I was able to drink I've gone out here a bunch of times and it's always been cool. The drinks are cheap, and after 11 everyday the apps are half off which is huge. It never gets super packed and I've never had difficulty getting a table or a seat near the bar. Karaoke night is fun, especially after a few beers. The ambiance is typical of an Irish pub and with some out door seating its nice to relax outside when the weather calls for it. New Deck won't blow your mind but I don't think it will disappoint either.A Penn bar dating back to the 1930's that doesn't feel like a college bar, much like Charlie's in Harvard Square. A solid Irish Pub with a traditional beer selection and some surprises. Your average pub menu, but they do it well. I especially enjoyed the spinach and artichoke dip with in house chips. The crowd tends to be a mix of graduate students, professors, construction works and locals, it gets a little loud at times, but not too bad.Had lunch here with my mom before I knew I had to be gluten-free... had a great burger... but the accompanying fries were very greasy and not crispy. My mom had the crab cakes which I did not try but she said they were good as well!I admit it; I like the new Deck Tavern.
I admit it; I went to Drexel and I frequented New Deck a ton.
I admit it; I have a ton of sorta-memories from there during college besides the rubbery steak fajita's and the authentic spiteful Irish wait and bar staff. 
I admit it; Their half-price late night food menu kept fuel in our tanks during the leaner times during school.
I admit it; We nicknamed the manager "Timmy the Tooth". Its a dick move - but he is missing a major one in the front. C'mon, somebody has to tell him.
I admit it; I got hammered and used to yell "Go back to Jersey" at the Karaoke MC on Tuesday nights for the better part of the Spring of 2004. 
I admit it; Its more than just Ironic that my karaoke songs of choice were Bon Jovi more often than not - especially taking into account that disparaging remarks focused on the great garden state flowed freely from my mouth on a regular basis. 
I admit it; the name of our Quizzo team was "Penn Sucks - go and study". Funny at the time, but I am just thankful I own my own business now, or those Ivy leaugers would still be haunting my dreams. Smug bastards.
I admit it; We absolutely waited until the lights came on one night and as the one bouncer was sweeping with his "staff" collared shirt off, we stole it.
I admit it; We ran into my full-on dutch Psych 102 professor there one time. He called us pussies for asking him to do a shot of Jaeger with us - so we did vodka upon his request. An hour later he fell down the back stairs while trying to leave the out back entrance. If we weren't so wacked from his "manly" vodka shots we probably wouldn't have laughed as hard as we did and could have assisted him - but we were doubled over laughing just too damn hard.He def made crazy dutch noises all the way down the steps and he def missed class the next day and showed up for Friday all bruised up. He is European though and absolutely found the humor in the fact that he got sloppy and fell down the bar steps after drinking with his students albeit after the fact.
I admit it; Since I graduated from Drexel a while back I think I have maybe been to New Deck once. My car got broken into while I was there and I ran into my ex. It was a sign.
I admit it; I like new deck tavern, but I think I am safer east of 30th st as I live out the remainder of my days.
Through the eyes of a college kid: 5 stars.
Through the eyes of everyone else: 3 Stars.Classic Irish Pub fare. Not quite as exciting as some of the restaurants on the same block but definitely a few levels cheaper which makes it a great pick.I used to be really fond of this place but honestly every time I've gone this year, I've had bad food, bad service, so on and so forth.
Don't get me wrong, it's convenient but sometimes the place is a zoo.New Deck has good service and ambiance, and the prices aren't shabby for the amount of food you're ordering. I ordered the New Deck Burger, and the meat was juicy and delicious, cooked to the medium well I asked for. The fries were nice and crispy (but soft and potato-y inside) - and the quesadillas seemed quite large given their price.
The food was good, not amazing or something I'd die to come back for.it's fun if you go with a bunch of friends, and only certain foods are acceptable.  i like the nachos and awesome fries.  it's definitely a college crowd, beer drinkers hangout.  quizo is fun.Gets five stars because this is my favorite local hangout bar AND it's only 1/2 a block away from my house.
The food is pretty greasy but that's expected.  The cheese fries are sinfully good...fried potatoes, tons of cheese, bacon, ranch dressing...what's not to love?!  I try to limit my in take of these to about once a month.
Beer is beer.  But here it's cheap!  That's the important thing.  Sometimes they even have Guiness for $3 a pint!  That's a steal!
Free peanuts!!!!!  FREE.  
Quizo!  Love playing quizo here.  Eventually my team may actually win, or at least I hope so!Noisy place to meet friends after work.  The staff were nice, but the ambient level is too high for my taste.  Good selection of beers, decent happy hour prices, but the bangers and mash were sausages--not real bangers with their high cornmeal content--and the mash was just OK, though voluminous and smpthered in tasty gravy.  Friends dishes were generally unremarkable--crispy fries were good, burger done correctly but unremarkably.We just stopped by on a Friday night to meet up with some friends. We arrived around 10:45pm, and the place was already packed! We only came in for drinks since we had dinner already. 
This place sorta reminds me of Raleigh's (before it was burned down) and Blakes at Berkeley. Good times at those places.
I am not from the area, but I can imagine a lot of UPenn students frequent this bar since it is near campus. 
Free peanuts and a few beer selection on draft. Not bad. I love the ambiance :)New Deck is super stereotypical as far as faux-Irish bars are concerned.  It has the requisite Guinness schwag on the walls, it serves the typical bland but filling wings, potader skins and burger combinations we all know and love, and the staff are appropriately attentive.  It really does nothing to make itself stand out, nor is it particularly offensive in any way.  If New Deck were a car, it'd be a Ford hatchback.  If it were a person, it'd be the kind of person who buys and likes driving a Ford hatchback.  But it's neither of those things.  It's a bar.  A bar that a person who drives a Ford hatchback would be really fond of.A nice pub feel and we found food to generally good. wait service excellent. The only disappointment was the corned beef used was "supermarket" type corned beef instead of freshly cooked corned beef.This place gets 4 stars in the Summer and 2 stars from September to May.  guess Why.
My wife and I like stopping here before our way home.  Its great to sit out side and have a beer.  Most of the students are gone for the year and the whole place is calm. The food has always been good, but I always either get the Shepherds Pie or the Fish and Chips and Nachos for Appetizers.  Sometimes with places like this, Someone recommends something so I try it, and if it's good, I stick to it.  Pub Grub can be experimental and hit or miss so if you hit, you stick to it.  The Pie and the Fish and chips always do right by us.  They have Harp, Guiness, Bass. I forget if they have smithwicks or not.  But one of those four are enough for me.  Nice smooth finishing Ale or a Malty.  If I want anything else more adventurous I'll go somewhere like Eulogy.  but otherwise, I am perfectly happy at New Deck.  It works for me.  The wait staff could be a bit friendlier, but if I have to deal with certain bratty PENN kids most of the year, I may be a bit gruff by days end too.  I hear they are a pain, and are bad tippers, but this is all heresay.    Anyway, the place is great when it's not flooded with students.  There is room to move around and you can hear what people say, and you can usually park right in front of the bar if you drive.  After September, we stay away.  Plenty of other places to go. but again, between May and September, this place is a Gem.New Deck... Doing its part (and then some) to encourage the 'Freshman 15'Not a bad little pub in the middle of University City. Typical mix of college kids and business travelers.  Was nice until a pushy karaoke DJ started slamming song books down on the table banging into food and drink.  Server was a gum chomper who could care less.  Karaoke music was played at rock band decibel levels.
Still, they had Guinness on tap and a great Reuben sandwich.  Three stars.This is the best bar in U-Penn.  Its funny to see all the wanna be bar/restaurants on the street.  New Deck is THE bar to go to.  Great specials, and things are thought through.
I had a very good time with the bartenders, in with little company, they are quick to start up a conversation.
Great job folks.This is a solid place for happy hour. Beers are cheap, and of course there are the awesome fries. You'd be a fool NOT to get them during happy hour! Awesome fries = cheesy, bacony goodness. They do a good job with them. The rest of the apps are OK too, but don't compare. The veggie spring rolls are just alright... the sauce is pretty sweet. But for the price - 4 apps cost less than $20 during happy hour. I also like that this place doesn't have an overwhelming undergrad feel. 
I would give this place 4 stars especially given their awesome fries, but I haven't always had the best service here. I'm not sure if the servers get overwhelmed during happy hour or something. Either way, I'll probably take my chances and be back again because cheap awesome fries are just...well, awesome.Was just there. Smelled terrible and a huge roach on the bar right next to me. Great! Never step foot in there again.The New Deck is exactly what you think it is.  Bar food and a fair amount of beers.  It's not very pricey, but there's no glam to it.  It's a big place, but it fills up quickly.  I know they host a large Quizo crowd, though I've never participated here.  It's a reliably consistent place, but no different from any other place that claims to be an Irish pub.Came here on a Saturday afternoon with 3 friends. I had only been here once before and it was to have a burger and a beer after a day of intense, pre-Phd examinations. The burger was delicious (it was the first thing I had eaten that day at around 5pm) and the beer (again, on an empty stomach) got the job done.
Fast forward to 9-10 months later on a Saturday in February:
My friends and I decide we NEED to have calamari and beer. We visit city tap house and they're not serving it until 6pm. It's now 2:30pm. We see that New Deck has calamari on its menu so we decide to go there. We arrive, wait forever to get a table, an additional forever to order, the calamari comes out. There are two tiny plates of small, golden balls of fried batter with a tablespoon of canned (maybe jarred?) tomato sauce on the side. We ask for lemons. The waitress brings 3 slivers of lemon (the kind that sit on the rim of a glass). These slivers are so thin that it is impossible to squeeze the lemon onto the "calamari" without first mushing it in between your fingers. We order a few burgers, a salad and the "char grilled" chicken quesadilla. The meat in the quesadilla was not grilled, it was soggy, ground, dark meat chicken. The fries that game with the burgers tasted like funk.. sorta like what a wet dishrag would taste like. The salad was somewhere between room temperature and noticeably warm.
Now, if I had visited New Deck at, say, 11:30pm on a Saturday night I wouldn't be surprised that the bathroom was in the state that it was in but 3pm on a Saturday? Piss, toilet paper and what looked like spit was everywhere. They also have these weird faucets that only work if you hold them on.. I was so disgusted and confused. 
I'm absolutely positive that I won't be back. I don't care that the quesadilla was $3.00. That's because they used what looked (and tasted) like discarded chicken parts. No thanks.Weird and unpleasant lowlight of our recent vacation to Philadelphia. After several hours of doing a walking tour around the University City area we spotted this place around 3PM and decided to stop in for a drink and a pause before continuing on. 
The place was basically empty, and a few moments after stepping in we were "acknowledged" by a snotty, arrogant waitress who made it clear she couldn't stand the sight of us. She then proceeded to go out of her way to make it difficult for us to get any information about what the establishment had to offer and to simply place an order for a couple of drinks. 
By allowing the service workers in this place to vent their hostility on customers the management is doing neither these workers nor the business any favors. The workers in the New Deck Tavern desperately need basic training in food/drink service topics including how to interact with customers.Fries and rings are to die for - seriously the best on campus. 
Go during happy hour (M-F 5-7, Sat & Sun 3-5) for 1/2 off apps.
The burgers are pretty good and cheap (I get the veggie burger - frozen patty and just okay), but the bun is too sweet, almost like airplane bread.
When I was non-vegetarian, I had the shephard's pie, which was quite good, pretty hefty. I've also heard great things about the Turkey sandwich.After living in New York for over a year, I really, really miss New Deck! I've always been a huge fan of their burgers and, most of all, their dazzling French onion soup!
If you visit during their Happy Hour (5 to 7PM on weekdays), take advantage of their half-price appetizers (I think the same thing after midnight or 11PM as well), and load up on tons of really bad, greasy, starchy delights. 
The atmosphere here is unparalleled, and I'd give anything to find a decent, cozy establishment with this much attitude in New York (still haven't found one). 
Now I'll admit they have problems with consistency. Sometimes my burger doesn't have its pickle on the side, and they used to season their fries, which they seemed to have stopped doing about 2 years ago. And their service can be spotty: refills are hard to come by at the tables and waitresses can vary from attentive to asleep-on-horse-tranquilizers.
However, for about $7.50, you can enjoy a burger topped with applewood smoked bacon, portabello mushroom, and Colby Jack cheese (all from memory, baby), and on the side you'll get a tomato slice, raw onions, and lettuce. While I'm not a big fan of raw onion, who cares? Dude, it has BACON and MUSHROOM! Hell yeah!
And the French soup is likewise good. Again, once in a while it's a bit salty, but given that it's only $2.50 (with an entree, like a burger) compared to the $10.00 I've shelled out at NY restaurants, it's a much better deliverer for value. Nice amount of bread soaked in the rich, velvety broth and enough cheese to live up to the name, but not so much to clog your throat (and hopefully arteries).
The thing I love most is how much of a good deal this place is: amazing food, great crowd, perfect vibe, and super cheap prices. A little crock of soup with blazed cheese on top, a delectable burger, crisp and way too plentiful fries for less than $15 (and that INCLUDES tax and tip) is simply unbeatable. I've had crap sandwiches that cost more in Manhattan.
If you go on a Thursday and especially Friday night, expect a wait - I recommend that one person gets here at least 20 minutes before you hope to sit down to reduce wait time (not everyone has to be there while waiting, but you do need 75% present for seating).
On a really busy night, I prefer to call in my order - they can get stuff ready in 15 minutes - and just grab it and go.
While a more reasonable person might give this place 4 stars (maybe even 3, if they cite consistency issues and the sometimes crazy waitresses), for some reason ever since I first came here I've been craving their food, and I go crazy if I visit Philly without stopping by here.Have been here a few times, and the experience has always been positive.  The bar is situated very close to penn and drexel so the vast majority of people in there are of college age or maybe a bit older. As such the beer prices are very reasonable for the area ($4-$6).
What really surprised me and I guess keeps me coming back is how quick and nice the bartenders are.  Even though its on a college campus and it gets busy every time I have been there, they are always quick to take orders when your drinks are running low. They arnt self absorbed, on their phones all the time, or acting like they are doing you a favor when they take your order... which seems to have become more and more the norm at many bars in this city.
The kind of push their trivia night here, ive gone a few times and its good, however the odds are stacked against you as you will be playing teams of half a dozen ivy league kids, so make sure you either come with big , well rounded team, or you really dont have a chance of making the prizes
Overall for  university city( a place with surprisingly small number bars compared to the large number of young people living there) this has become one of my preferred spotsI was super late getting out of work and not much is open late during the week in University City. New Deck Tavern was however. That's about all the good I have to say about it. 
Ordered some fries and they were unsalted and kinda plain. Bartender seemed less than interested in really engaging anyone. Quizzo was wrapping up so it was pretty busy.
Everything was just okay. Not terrible but not that good either.
I probably wouldn't go back because it wasn't that extraordinary. It seemed kinda tired.A couple months back I went to New Deck for lunch with friends, meal was typical fried stuff and burgers, all in all the food was okay... but when the waiter came to pick up the dishes and things from the table, he spilled tabasco sauce all over my shirt and pants! He then hurried away and didn't say anything. I'm surprised that he didn't even say sorry or try to do anything to help me, so after a minute or two I left to get my clothes in the washer, and my friends sat waiting for the bill. At least he had the afterthought to comp my portion of the meal. I'm sure he was glad I didn't talk to his manager, if I wasn't drenched in sauce and rushing to get home, I would have.
Today, my friends suggesting going here for lunch, and I figure it wouldn't be an issue. Again, the meal was alright, food was average, but then when the waitress came to clear the table, she spilled sauce onto my bookbag and coat. My friends sitting next to me noticed her mistake, and they also noticed her looking down at my belongings and then walking away and told me what happened. When she got back to the table, I asked her for seltzer water and informed her that she had spilled sauce on my stuff, she just looked at me and said, oh, ok. Absolutely no apologies. Absolutely unacceptable for waitstaff.This place is not bad for a casual day/night of drinking.
New Deck was the first place I went after I turned 21 (so many years ago), and their deals were pretty good - $2 pints and half-price apps, I think it was. The deals have since switched up a bit but I still like coming here.
I was here yesterday for the game (go Eagles!) and I had a pretty good experience. Our server made sure to seat us where we could get a good view of the screen. The gameday specials are really good - $2 Miller Lite during Sunday NFL games, $2 Bud/Bud Light and wings specials during Eagles games. They also have Phillies specials. 
The food we ordered was just alright - curry fries (good flavor, not so good texture), wings (eh), and my friend had the baked potato soup which I've always been a fan of. In the past, I've ordered the chicken parm and it wasn't that great; marinara sauce was pretty watery.
I'm still a fan of this place even if the food isn't outstanding. The drink specials are usually really good and it's a great place to just hang out with your buddies.I'm pretty new to Philadelphia, and I've just turned 21 last July. I haven't been to many bars since, but I decided to go into here after my class one night to watch a Flyers game. I was also lucky, because representatives from the Phillies were there and I got some free Phillies stuff.
The staff is very friendly and I had a few beers and a plate of wings while I watched the Flyers get a much needed the Capitals on a Wednesday night.
The beer selection is amazing, and I love English beer, and they have both Boddington's Pub Ale and New Castle Brown Ale on tap. They also have the obvious Irish beers, Guiness, Smithwick's, and Harp Lager. The best thing about it is the prices are very reasonable. Boddington's isn't the best English ale, but for $5.50 it's the best I can get after being to England twice when I was 18. I really wanna come back and try the fish and chips.
The prices are very reasonable as well. They have the basic beers for around $4, and they have a 50 cent wing night. The wings are extremely spicy and messy, but also very big and very good. I definitely wanna come back here, especially whenever my friends from Delaware come up and when the Flyers are in the playoffsTalking with a friend the other day (both of us were Penn grads) made me nostalgic of my good ol days in Philly (I've since moved on to the opposite coast of the country) and my constant slaving away at HUP as a lowly medical resident.  Often we as a group of overworked and underpaid MDs in training would seek to decompress and blow off some steam, which we needed to do on a daily basis, at our favorite Irish watering hole, the New Deck.
While not exactly a cutting edge gastropub serving the latest and weirdest in fusion cuisine, I took great comfort in having a Guiness and some good old fashion british isles style pub grub to wash away the pain of the day.
How could I forget their baked potato soup, irish style chicken curry and shepards pie.  I'd also have some of the slightly less traditional chicken tenders, burger, and fajitas occasionally, but I have this fondness for old world food, and not being from the Emerald Isle, I can't claim my korean mother made an Irish stew that would put any college town pub's to shame.  Now i'm thinking next time I'm in Philly for business or recreation, I'll have to make a stop for old times sake.Brought some family that was visiting here for a quick lunch.  The environment is nice (on a weekend during break week at Drexel & Penn).  The staff was attentive, the food was good.  It's your typical University neighborhood joint, a little pricey, for what they serve, but a nice place to stop in for a bite and unwind.  I would imagine the atmosphere changes quite a bit during regular term.This became our go-to place while visiting a family member in the hospital.  Lots of interesting food choices here.  And very affordable.  This is a pretty cool, fun spot to hang out for dinner.  Service is a little iffy, had to keep finding our waiter for water, ketchup, etc.This place is pretty average on every level. It's an Irish pub with decent bar food and decent beer selection. Prices are average for the area. Good place to go if your just looking for a quick bite or casual drink.I went to the University for training (I am significantly older then the average collage kid.)  I yelped the area before going and found the Deck was the only place within a short walk from my hotel.  Previous reviews said that it was a little cheesy but I wanted a pint so I went.  The first time I sat at the bar, it seemed like a great pub with only a couple of dozen people in the place.   I started to question the reviews  that I had read.   The second night we sat at a table and I noticed the movie posters hung on the walls.  OK it is a little cheesy.
We returned just about every night the rest of the week. 
This may not be an authentic Irish pub but it is a good place to hang out and get a couple of drinks and something to eat.
Every night seems to be different, I think Wednesday was trivia night and Thursday was karaoke.  It is a collage bar but I had a good time there and would go again if/when I returned to Philly.Great loaded fries... and place is good for big crowds.Man, I hate to update my first ROTD, but after going back to New Deck for some post exam burgers and beers, it must be done.
I realize my first mistake was not beginning the food portion of the program on a heavily intoxicated stomach, but still... my burger the last time I went.  So bad.  So so bad.  So so very bad.  Patty like a hockey puck.  Bun like a cardboard pouf.  One of my dining companions commented that her burger may have been the worst burger she'd ever gotten.  Not good, New Deck, not good.  I know the food is sort of just a tool to sop up the booze, but still.  I need to want to eat the food at least a little if it's going to do its job.  Note to the kitchen: time for a new beef supplier and/or a new grill person.Three Stars, but that's a not necessarily a bad thing.
The value is not great, and service unpredictable. However, you trade that for great location, Quizzo twice a week, and a great soccer-watching spot for U-City. 
Penn Grad students, esp law students, should totally take advantage of this spot.I love this place. It's literally my favorite place in U city. No, it doesn't have unique food, but its a great instiutional with solid bar food and drink. It's also the birthplace of quizzo! Note that it's main downfall is that its very hard to watch sports here as there is so many columns and walls that you often can't see many of the TVs.I've been here multiple times and I really like it. It doesn't get 5 stars because there was a server who was significantly rude and dismissive to me and my predominantly Spanish speaking group of friends. However, someone at new deck must have noticed because we quickly got a different waiter who was extra attentive and nice. 
Besides that incident, service is usually good if not just efficient. I've gone here multiple times with a large group without a reservation and they've been able to accommodate us. Sabrina is really sweet. 
This place is great to appease a burger craving. The wings are delicious as well. I wouldn't say the food is the most spectacular ever, but for a fun affordable campus bar, it's yummy enough.Easily the best Fish and Chips I've had! The fish had a really crispy batter which I loved.  So many other places have a somewhat soggy batter.  Margaritas weren't the best - our 2nd pitcher tasted like lemonade - no taste of tequila at all.  But everyone in our group loved the food.Last night was a disaster at New Deck. Went for a friends 21st birthday. 
When I sat down my arm got stuck on the funk juice residue left on the table. Gross.
Moments later we were greeted by a not so nice waitress who seemed to have better things to do.
To top it all, we had a wedding singer start strumming away, belting out the sweet sounds of Bob Marley. It was a joke.
Now, that being said the food and drinks were cheap. So if your goal is fast inebriation, your set. 
Finally, I think the place is having an identity crisis. It's not sure if its a sports bar, TGIF, or some pub in Cork County.I have been here many many times for Quizzo and had a very enjoyable evening. Quizzo is usually pretty crowded. They do a decent job assigning tables, but they could use another host - he abandons his post to collect the $1 per player and leaves many groups sans table. The service can be hit or miss, which is a byproduct of the crowds. 
Very good draft list that rotates pretty frequently. They have complimentary peanuts by the door. I've only ever had cheese fries & the quesadilla. Both good bar food. I do not recommend the buffalo chicken tenders - you will get 4. Not worth the price. 
I do have to say that this is very much a college crowd. They don't do a very good job of enforcing any sort of hourly minimum or food requirement for tables. So you'll see 3 people squatting at a massive table that could hold 8, with a half pitcher of beer and no food. To be honest, that seems to happen a lot, which is pretty inconsiderate.  But I digress. Quizzo is great, most everyone is friendly, and it's a good place to watch the game.I came for for a dinner date with my friends. It was our first time.
I ordered the Reuben sandwich and fries and it was okay. The corned beef was just a glob and  there was a lack of veggies. I was disappointed. I expected more portion and taste wise. My friends who ordered burgers are pretty happy with their order. 
The service was mediocre. Our server was running from table to table and didn't really acknowledge us most of the time.New Deck on Thursdays was part of my routine the past two semesters...it is a great, low-key place to hang out and kick back with a group of friends. Beers and some of the food on the menu (even burgers and sandwiches) are half off after 10pm. 
Drinks are good- not that weak.
Food is typical bar food...don't try and explore here since it'll probably be frozen (crab cake, calamari), but  burgers, chicken fingers, fries, onion rings, wings etc. are all solid. If you are up for dessert, try the brownie bonanza (pretty good) but ignore the apple crumble (just okay). 
Most of the servers are great, but occasionally some have attitude. Sometimes the 6-8 of us wanted to sit at table with our drinks but someone would always come over and immediately whine about how we needed to order food if we planned to stay at the table. This would always happen even when the bar wasn't even half full and even though we consistently would go there every week...not a big deal though, just the constant way they went about it got on my nerves.  
On a much lighter note though, every once in a while Kenn Kweder comes and sings and plays his guitar on Thursday nights. He is awesome and there have been many drunken sing a-longs to his great music. 
Oh yeah, and if you are drunk and unable to read like me, don't order the "curly fries"...they actually are curry fries and they suck.I've only come here for Monday and Wednesday night quizzos, but those are glorious nights.  New Deck probably has one of the best pub trivia contests in Philadelphia, their questions are pretty well researched and hits multiple genres and the connection round is always interest.  Minus 1 point for the excessive focus on Philadelphia sports (but what would you expect for an on campus sports bar anyway).
But I digress, this is a review about food and drinks.  The alcohol selection is your typical Philadelphia bar, but the prices are great, esp pitcher specials for Yeunglings after 10pm.  The Awesome Fries are just that: Awesome.  It's fries with cheddar cheese and bacon bits.  Too much of that stuff will probably give you a heart attack or two down the line (public service announcement), but in moderation, they are amazing.I used to stop by New Deck frequently when I lived in the area.  They hosted a quizzo on Wed. nights that was a good time, although as time went on, either the questions got harder, I got dumber, or people started using their iphone's to cheat.  It is likely a combination of all of the above. 
The most redeeming part of the place is are the bartenders.  They are friendly and do their job well.  People always raved about the fries, but I didn't find them that great.  The rest of the menu is good pub grub, but not anything I would go out of the way to eat.  
Occasionally they have singer/songwriters come and play who are usually good.  
Overall, its a good place.  Attracts mostly a Penn crowd and as a result you will eventually encounter someone or a group of people who think they are smarter than the rest of the world, but if you can get by that it's a decent place.Classic Irish Pub. Tons of character on the inside. Staff is super friendly. Food was better than average bar food. Try the Long Irish Iced Tea :-)I called as soon as they opened today @ about 1130 and spoke with Shavon (sp?). I requested a reservation for 8-10 people for 5:10 p.m.  I should have known something wasn't going to go right when it took speaking with two other people prior to having a conversation with the person who could verify a reservation. Again, Shavon is who I confirmed our 5:10 arrival with. I work around the corner and left my office ahead of the rest of my team from work so I would make sure to not be late. I arrived at 5:15 and was told that because we were "late" (someone had written down our reservation for 5:00 instead of my requested 5:10) they had given our table to someone else. The temperature was around 60 degrees outside and the only solution they offered was to sit on the patio. We elected to forgo this option and go around the corner to Mad Mex. We arrive at Mad Mex and the location is closed due to a health code violation. GREAT! So we decide that the best option is to go back and check to see if New Deck has a table for us now. Now it is ~5:25. They seat us outside because that is our only option (and no one else is outside at this point). At least a guy lit a heater for us (that is the only customer service we got while we were here). After we sit down, a dude with Harry Potter ratios comes out 10 minutes later and takes our drink and food orders. It took 45 MINUTES to get six beers, a margarita, and a shot of Jameson. And we only got the drinks after I had to go in and speak with Mike, who said that he would cover our round of drinks and go into the kitchen to put all other orders on hold until our food was done.  At this point my temper is rising. We get our drinks at 6:20. We get our food at 6:40. One of the ladies in our party didn't get her food until after everyone else was done. She got veggie fajitas, so there wasn't even a reasonable explanation such as "they must have had to go kill the cow before making the entree." She actually said that they "must have had to wait for the veggies to grow." Way to go New Deck! So then they have the nerve to give us bills with no comp for the drinks. No comp for anything. Another individual from our party goes in because at this point I am ready to yell at someone. They gave us each 20% off and didn't even address that Mike had promised that he would cover a round of drinks (we only had an opportunity for one round in TWO hours time!) After getting the bills with the 20%, giving our payments to cover the bills, and not even mentioning that our order of Quesadillas with no onions had onions on them, they had the balls to say that they hope we have a better experience on our next visit. In a concise yet friendly tone, I let the waiter know that we would never be back. Shit show from beginning to end. #ZEROSTARSWASNTANOPTIONI'm torn. New Deck used to be one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite around campus.
The Good: Meaty, juicy burgers and chicken sandwiches that I would devour over Copa's any day. I'm a sucker for potato bread rolls and fries and New Deck delivers on both counts. The portions are generous so you won't leave hungry, and food also comes out quickly which is always nice.
The Bad: Bar appetizers are hit-or-miss. Skip the fried chicken and hummus platter, go with loaded fries or potato skins instead. The service is hit-or-miss as well. Last time I came, our waiter seemed visibly upset to be serving us. One member in our party came in five minutes later and asked for a glass of water, to which the waiter rolled his eyes and muttered, "it figures" under his breath. Odd.Great quizo and great food. The cheese steak egg rolls are really good. Very consistent and usually served with a spicy ketchup (though not always?). I'm also a big fan of the loaded potato skins. 
Their special cocktails change by season and are usually pretty varied. They did a hot whiskey cider this past winter that was really great. Overall a very established and well rounded place.I had numerous experiences dining there over the past three years while in the Stonier Graduate School of Banking.  I would highly recommend for food and drink!I've come here on multiple occasions and have been appalled by the service. The first time, we reserved the downstairs area for a private event, yet for some unknown reason we were told to find our own seats upstairs. Our group had to be split into multiple tables, with no apology. Finally, about 10 appetizers and 1 hour later, we were told the downstairs area was finally available for our reserved use, but by then, half our party had left due to the absolute disappointment in the event and venue.
So after New Deck ruined our first private reserved event, I somehow ended up having to return for a birthday party, and was treated with similar minimal regards. This time we wanted to be seated upstairs, but were herded like sheep to the basement, where they thought it was appropriate to shove LITERALLY every Asian patron that evening.
A few weeks later, another birthday event was held here, so I dragged my feet over back to this place, and third time's a charm, was finally treated like an actual human being. Now, since I didn't have the bitter taste of horrid service in my mouth, I could actually try tasting the food. Verdict? Just as horrible as their service; fries were soggy, soup tasted like it came out of a can, and nachos were stale. 
For the life of me, please do not host another party at this place because I wish to never return.I typically review other reviews before I start writing.  I read the prior review; the review mentioned the bartender didn't listen to them.  This is no reason to go nuts and blast a place on Yelp.  The pace of a popular college bar is blistering and hard to keep up with, especially for the one or two people behind the bar.  They are focused on a lot.  
Now, my review.  I went the day before St. Patty's while I was waiting to board my train later in the day.  Did some Yelp research and found a tavern not that far away from Penn Station.  New Deck Tavern it was. 
The staff was great and filled me up with Lagunitas IPA and some Dogfish Head 60 Minutes.  I had a great burger and decided, hey, it's St. Patty's I'm getting a t-shirt.  I dig this place.  It fits Philly, even if it's off the beaten path from Philly downtown. 
Real friendly crew,  Good brew.  Good food (let's work on the bread, but soggy).  
Visit!  I'll be back there next time I train into Philly.Maybe if I would have had a few drink and than ordered food, the food would have been good. With that being said, I would suggest you "bring your appetite" to a different place. Before our entree's we order an appetizer  'Limerick Loaded Skins.' I was expecting traditional loaded skins, but they where potato wedges. For the entree's I had the 'Tralee Turkey.' The mixture of the honey, dijon mustard and the cooked sprouts has a very unique taste that I did not care for. I did not expect the sprouts to be cooked either, it said fresh sprouts, anyway it was really odd. I had a few bites and could not stomach the rest.  My husband could not make up his mind, so he just order the 'Tenders' from the appetizer section. The tenders where horrible. Golden brown must be the new black, because that is what they look like. The texture, the batter, the taste was all horrible and off setting. Needless to say we just order boxes to go, dumped it at the nearest garbage and went to WAWA to get a sandwich.So I went to this place on a random-ass date a while ago, and while the guy sucked, the food was awesome.  It's a pretty typical Irish pub, with great bar food, good service, and cool atmosphere.  It's perfect when you just wanna get some beer and some fried foods and go somewhere that feels a little less hectic than what the city usually has to offer.As a bar and restaurant, this place is great!  The food is good and it is clean enough.  It gets rather crowded at times and we tend to get seated in a bad spot every time, like being seated too close to speakers or too tight of an area.  The beer selection is Ok and they their menu is good.  I really like the prices and it's location is convenient for me since I'm studying in that area.  If I wouldn't go out of my way to get there though.  Friendly, clean, and decent prices keep me going back.Against everything in my blood, I really quite like the New Deck and that is undoubtedly down to three things:
1.  Its 2 minutes walk from my Department
2.  The beer is cheap as chips
3.  It has a great selection of bartenders who will treat you really well, particularly when you get to know them.  Stevie and Paddy in particular are great, though I think Stevie is at Slainte more these days.
Free peanuts are always welcome.  And its got to be said, it's one of those bars where you go for a couple and never come out having drunk less than 6.
Its heavenly in the summer when a lot of the students have gone and its pretty good if you want to catch some Football as well, a decent selection of Premiership and even some Championship games.I have been here a bunch of times but mostly just for quizzos and an occasional happy hour now and then. 
This apparently is the birthplace of the quizzo in phila, and plays mostly to packed crowds on Monday and Wednesday nights at 10pm. There is a buy-in of a dollar per person, but don't fret too much about that cos the quiz is pretty swanky with 4 rounds with a picture round.
This place does get crowded during quizzo hours so try and get there a bit early. They also have Happy hours and half off meals after 11 pm which might help drown the misery of your defeat. 
Food is below par at best but the service ain't bad,so i suggest that u rather  grab some free roasted peanuts at the  entrance and enjoy some black and tans to leave as a happy camper. 
So riddle me this , riddle me that , if u are not afraid of big black bat ... drop by sometime and scratch ur brains over some pints of beer.
cheersWent here in the late evening around 9:30/10pm, since I was on a short time span I ordered to go nachos and their Shepard pie. The food came out with great timing and was delicious. Getting anything to go is hard, it's either amazing or awful. This place by far will be rated 5 stars by me, the service was on point and food was tasteful and beautifully presented even in a styrafoam box! I will absolutely be returningDeal for the steal - only during happy hour and after 11 PM (except on Saturdays!!!!! DON'T GO otherwise!). 
Best items = burgers which are falling all over themselves in thick patties, cheesiness, and juice. with fat slabs of steak-cut fries or even the small super bubbly, crisp ones. 
Salads = appreciably plentiful
Beer selection + decent price range = Smiles all around.
Failures!!!!!!: 
- Chili fries or cheesy fries appetizer. Defrost don't tempt me, no.
- During Half-Price menu time, the quality of the food slips, so try not to go for the above. 
- MARGARITAS SUCK. DONDE ESTA THE TEQUILA? NO ME GUSTA FIZZY SODA!
And don't forget to scoop yourself some peanuts upon entering through Sansom alley.Good University City locale for families of prospective students visiting Penn or Drexel.  Menu has enough variety for everyone across soups, salads, burgers and other options.Just had a great time here over the weekend.  The bar has a decent layout, and is pretty nice.I found myself at a private seating area with some Penn students in their basement, and I think all had a good time.  Good drink selection.
Our service was excellent.  I cannot praise the young woman who kept 30-some of our food and drink orders in her head and distributed them properly even after we started seat swapping and mixing up.  Always prompt and helpful, to boot!I have been to New Deck a few times with my colleagues because it is pretty close to Penn campus, therefore convenient.
As some of the reviewers have already pointed out, the atmosphere is usually pretty noisy.. Food is ok, nothing spectacular, that said I have only had their portobello sandwich with fries because that's the only decent vegetarian option.My girlfriend and I went to grab a quick bite after seeing friends in university city. Good food, great atmosphere.What can I say? I am a fan! I have been going here for 2 years.
Great place to meet up with people after a long day at work for some apps and beers.
It is on the campus of UPENN/Drexel but is not full of annoying/drunk college kids from what I have noticed. It is down the street from 2 hospitals and lots of nurses and docs go here after their shifts. It can get super crowded on Saturday nights - you may wait for a table! If you are starving to death the service is not super quick - it is very laid back so just kick back and relax!
The Tail Tenders and Awesome Fries can't be beat!!!Exactly what you want from a place like this. Dive-y enough to have character and history and let you be yourself but not so divey that it is smelly and dark. Long bar stand, lots of beer. Very sweet bartender. Had the California club wrap. Won't change your life but it was good, had lots of chicken, came with fries. It's nice to have a lighter option at this kind of bar.Cheap beer: yes.  Multiple televisions playing multiple sports: yep.  Cheesy Irish themed decor: check.  Perfectly adequate burgers and the like: yup.  Lots of undergraduates: sigh.
This is a good place to go after work with your friends for a couple of cheap beers during happy hour.  You can watch the football match (soccer) or rugby, or American football, or baseball.  Sometimes there is live music and you may have to make a calculation as to whether it is worth the cheap beer to have to listen to it.  Hey, at least it isn't Karaoke.Nestled between some UPenn buildings somewhere in University City, I have no clue how I ended up here but I'm not complaining.
The size is pretty deceiving at first being that the downstairs is a bit hidden. This is your basic Irish pub with tap & good appetizers. There is a happy hour which makes the prices very reasonable and definitely worth it. 
Typically, there is a bit of a wait and sometimes it takes a little while to be seated or get service. Overall, I've had much worse. 
I've had a couple meals here and the food is pretty tasty. The french fries are some of the best around! Definitely a good place to go out for beer and appetizers.Nice pub look and feel, with a decent selection of brews, with heavy emphasis on Irish (including about 6 different Guiness combinations).  Which made it weird when we asked for a description of two of the local brews and got a deer in the headlights look from our server.  She literally had no clue so went off to ask and came back with a report that "they're kind of weak."  ??!!  What kind of response is that?  Quite possibly a college student, and I have a soft spot in my heart for working students, but being that clueless while working in a pub is just inexcusable.
Turns out the beers we ordered were fine, but can't speak as positively for the food.  I had the crabcake sandwich and it was a darn good sized crabcake, but nothing to write home about.  Not the worst I've had certainly--it wasn't fishy, nor was it dry and hard; in fact, it was actually TOO moist and fell apart from a lack of body.  But it was also kind of tasteless--about all I got was a slight spicy flavor; could have been crab, could have been ground up tilapia from all I could taste.  My wife picked the Irish Chicken Curry, which is hard to evaluate--what in the world is the "standard" for that?   We both love curry and this was the oddest (though not the worst, by far) version we've ever had.  The chicken was extremely tender and the sauce was tasty; I guess it was the cubed carrots and peas on top that made it "Irish"; they certainly seemed like frozen rather than fresh, but otherwise OK.  For being "Irish" it was slightly odd to be served on rice (and rice pilaf at that), but why in the world does it come with a half-dozen tortilla chips stuck in the curry?
But the biggest let-down was our server.  Not only was she clueless about the beer, but she forgot that I had asked for curry fries and when I asked why a side of curry was included on the bill, she said, "well, didn't you ask for curry on your fries?"  It was nearly vacant this evening and she spent most of her time chatting with her co-workers, so there's not  much excuse for not checking to make sure my order was correct when she delivered it.  She also forgot the tartar sauce that the sandwich comes with, and then forgot for 10 minutes that we'd asked for a box for leftovers.  Other reviewers have commented on good service, so maybe our experience was unusual, but overall I suspect there are better choices in the area.  
Overall, I'd give our experience a "2" but I'll assume our server was an exception and bump it up to a "3" since I can't give a 2.5Nothing special here.  I was in the area and looking for a place to get dinner while watching the NFL draft and this was where I went.
The food was not bad, it just wasn't great.  Nothing stood out to me in my meal.  Everyone else in my group felt the same way.
The service was pretty good.  I had no qualms about it and I left pretty satisfied.  We were able to have a TV changed to show the NFL draft.
The atmosphere was cool in here but I don't think I will be back.  I'm sure for the price I can find somewhere I like better in the area.Awesome food, affordable prices, great environment. Drink selections is always great, service is fast and friendly, great place for a date or lunch with a group. Highly recommend the nachos and cutlet sandwich.Visited post happy hour on a Thursday night.  Good crowd.  Good food and great prices!!! Conveniently located near Drexel/Penn Campus area, this spacious Irish Bar is a great place for groups or couples.Most people go to New Deck to drink; I go to New Deck to eat. They have some of the best burgers I have tasted in my life, and I don't even like hamburgers that much. The bacon cheeseburger is a favorite. Another plus, their fries are perfect. I hate when fries are either not crispy at all or are crispy but meaty on the inside. New Deck has perfected the art of fry making. 
When school is in session, New Deck is always crowded with University of Pennsylvania students, so if you don't like the preppy atmosphere, you might not want to go during the busy times. But I have no complaints so far!The food specials here are good after 11pm (everything except for calamari is half off) and the drinks are cheap. It is also a decent place to watch the games. However, they have extremely rude hosts/bouncers and it is not the nicest place.New Deck is an old favorite. I no longer have the liver of a college student but am happy to visit ND for a bite to eat and a few pops with the family (when visiting from out of town). Prompt and friendly service is a plus. Food isn't going to change the world but it's solid to a bit above average! Fries are hot and tasty.This was my watering hole of choice while in college. Enjoy the complimentary roasted peanuts while you sip a guiness. The menu is pretty decent as well, but very potato heavy. I wonder why? Potatos are not native to Ireland or Europe, fyi. But yeah good grubs, nice clean pub atmosphere. 
HALF PRICE FOOD AFTER 11!!!!!A mouse damn near crawled on my head here, and i was offered nothing. I got nothing off my check, and The waiter did nothing about it after he saw the mouse. Don't eat here, they probably serve mice instead of chicken.I've been to New Deck quite a few times over the past few years while attending Drexel.  I had such a good experience tonight that I felt obligated to publish my experience and tell others about it.
I went on a Thursday night for the late night cheap food with my girlfriend.  We have known about this for some time and have gone occasionally when we're free.  We walked in and got seated immediately despite the restaurant being completely crowded.  Within one minute we had a server at our table asking for our drinks.  Fortunately, we had both decided on our food orders as well and gave them to the waitress.  My girlfriend asked to sample a beer and her free snifter was delivered shortly after by the efficient waitress.  When she returned with the sample, we ordered waters along with our drinks and they were delivered promptly.  Keep in mind, the restaurant is filled with rowdy college kids and we are getting absolutely pristine service.
Within five minutes, our food order was already at our table.  I have NEVER been to a restaurant and received entrees so quickly, not even an appetizer!  The food was delicious and cooked to perfection, as always.  We finished and were kindly instructed by our waitress that the drink specials would be ending very shortly if we wanted to order another round.  Of course I obliged and received my beverage within moments.
I had a such an excellent experience at New Deck.  I worked in a restaurant (featured on Food Network) for five years and know good or bad service immediately when I see it.  I was absolutely impressed with the all around performance of the restaurant during my visit:
1. The host was cordial and efficient, sitting us immediately in an extremely crowded and busy restaurant.
2. The wait staff was prompt with their orders and refills
3. The cooking staff pumped out the food like it was the end of the days
I can't wait to go back to New Deck for such paramount service.  This Irish pub sticks to its roots and will leave you with a smile on your face.I went to New Deck last week for sips and it was a bit disappointing. While the deals seem great- I really enjoyed my margarita- our waiter incorrectly told me blue moon was a $3 and only corrected himself after I was more than half way done with the beer. I asked if our bill could be altered and he said he would ask but when it came, no dice, I was charged more. While the price isn't a huge deal I just thought the customer service would be a bit better... 
Also, our waiter was slow on drinks generally and there was someone in the group that needed water for medication and had to wait 15min for refills that only occurred after I had to ask for them. Pretty lame. 
I will say the apps here are great for the $6 special but if I were to come back I would need to order a bunch of things at once as I don't really trust the wait staff service here to tend to my table.Came here after a last-minute trip to the hospital for Steve's dad. His brother-in-law was already there with a bunch of 8-year-olds, holding a table for us. We had rushed out the door so I didn't have my ID.
Bouncer won't let me in. Why not? It's 8:01 p.m., and after 8:00 they don't let anyone under 21 in without a parent.
NOTE: I don't look like I'm under 21. I'm NOT under 21. I'm not trying to sneak into the stupid bar, I just don't have my ID.
We explain to the bouncer that we are joining, literally, a group of 8-year-olds at a table in the back and that I won't be drinking. He still won't let me in.
He actually says to Steve, "Unless you're her PARENT, she can't come in." Which, again, would be relevant if I were actually under 21, or if we weren't about to sit down for FOOD (not drinks) with a bunch of CHILDREN who arrived at 7:59 p.m. and thus were allowed in.
We finally managed to slip in when he took a break and another bouncer seemed to understand that the situation was absolutely RIDICULOUS, although he still made me promise I wouldn't try to order a drink. OMG! I wasn't trying to scam them into serving alcohol to a minor... since I'm not a minor. I just wanted to eat.
The whole thing was just irritating, and the food did nothing for me. Maybe if I were still in college I would enjoy drinking at a place like this, which is why I gave them the extra star.We came here at 11 pm on a Saturday night.  It was one of the few places open, and there weren't a lot of places to go near our hotel.  The food was pretty good, nothing spectacular though. A little pricy, but not terrible.  Obviously a college bar...my husband I felt pretty old and we are only in our 30's.  We must have looked really out of place because they sat us all the way in the back of the resturant when there were a lot of tables available.  I would be wiling to try out this place again if I'm in the area.very disappointed in this U of Penn institution.  we went for lunch when we were in Philly for a friend's wedding and came here for lunch and a beer (in my case hard cider).  
the meal started off well enough with what i would call a much better than average onion soup, but it went down hill from there (way down hill).  my fish and chips... well, in retrospect, i really should have sent them back.  i literally got about 4 silver dollar-sized breaded filets.  shocking portions.  and not that tasty to boot.  
someone in or group got the cheesesteak and i had a bite and the quality and flavor of the meat really was on the level of the frozen steak-ums you can buy in the supermaket.  really bad.  another friend had the chicken cheesesteak and that was a little better, but by then this place had lost me...
i'm being kind, really, to give 2 stars rather than one, but i have to give them credit for the good cider on tap and the onion soup.  and i blame myself a little for not just sending back my order when i was unhappy with the portion size.
enter with caution.I've been here twice.  The first time was during the Chargers-Eagles game. The bartender took my drink and food order quickly and I was quaffing a fine brew and listening to the alky with "State Property" stamped on his jacket drunkenly complain about the Eagles. The bacon and bleu burger was damn tasty, the fries were decent and the side salad was nice.  The bartenders were really good about asking how things were and getting me drinks. 
The second time I came, it was close to midnight during a weekday and I had just put in an extremely long day. All I wanted was a burger and a beer or two before going home. I got seated across from the speakers and some very talkative people. The music was godawful and loud.  I got my first drink and managed to down it before I was 1/2 way through my burger. Unfortunately my server was nowhere to be seen. I was craning my next and swiveling trying to find her. I finished my whole burger and was in need of water and/or a beer to wash out my dry mouth and throat at this point. Finally she came and got me another beer(She managed to have an extended monologue with one of the hot female bartenders while placing my drink order). By this time I just wanted to finish it and pay up. So I got 3/4 of the way through and took out my credit card while I tried to find the waitress. Again, she was no where to be seen. Then she came over and bussed the table next to me and zipped off while I was left fuming with credit card in hand. Finally she came back and mouthed something that looked like "You want your check", since I couldn't hear jackshit near the speaker. As it turned out she asked me if I wanted another beer. So I had to say no I wanted the check, which again took long to arrive. By this time I was feeling surly. 
Good food, good bar service, bad table service.. I"ll be back ONLY to sit at the bar.Malibu bucket is really delicious! Very sweet, i can't taste any alcohol. I think it has sprite, Hawaiian punch, pineapple juice, and malibu. The quesadilla appetizer is also great.I came into New Deck on a late Friday night because I heard the wings are fantastic and we were looking for some time to kill before catching the train home. 
Overall, I'd like to say the layout of new deck is pretty cool.  Definitely a place I could get into...if it wasn't on a college campus.  The particular Friday night I was there was right before classes started so the place was D E A D.  Good for me, bad for the bar, I guess.
I ordered a Belgium Waffle to drink (Guinness on top of a wheat beer) and my boyrfiend got the traditional black and tan.  Both drinks were perfect, ice cold and layered properly.  Though I do have to say I don't know where the tan was in the black and tan...it just looked black and black to me.  Later on, I switched over to a cheap rum and coke...not much to report there.
For quick bites, I got the nachos and he got the wings.  The wings were wings, pretty good, but still pretty average.  The nachos were a joke - just a small, single layer of nachos with a jalapeno delicately placed on each chip.  Just not good at all.
I've heard new deck is a happening place during the college year, which is a definite turn off for me.  If anything, I'd come back for the reasonably priced beers and that's about it.Awesome bartenders.  Awesome Irish pub atmosphere.  Awesome Irish-American food.  AWESOME CHEESE FRIES.
They have two or three bartenders (including Paul, who is the man, and served me my first legal beer the night I turned 21) that have been working there for many years, and they are probably the best bartenders I've ever been served by.  I find myself tipping them outrageously. Several of the servers (also including Paul) are real Irish people with irish accents, which is just, well, awesome.
Don't leave New Deck without ordering food.  Even if you are just having drinks at the bar, get the Awesome Cheese Fries.  They are aptly named, and come in ample supply.  The baked potato soup is as good as it gets.  Their burgers are also notable.  I've never had bar food or dinner that wasn't very, very good.  And I've been there 25-30 times.
If I could describe New Deck in one word...New Deck is a dive, though an upscale one. We recently went for happy hour and were able to secure seating to fit our group (6 people). They do have an amazing beer selection but having some dietary restrictions, there's really nothing on the apps menu I can eat. It'd be great if they could expand the menu a bit to accommodate people with food allergies but overall, it's a nice place to hang out for a brew.The wings were excellent! Juicy and spice level was just right! Also got a $5 wrap after 10pm that came with fries, and this was mediocre. Not bad for $5 though! Quizo is super fun!The waitress we had was very nice and helped us out when we were choosing drinks. We ended up with fishbowls which were delicious and tropical. It was a calm night which was odd considering we went on a Friday night, however the place has a sit down area for food along with a bar and an open mic where a man was playing guitar. The drinks were decently priced. The atmosphere was divey, not my taste, but a nice place.New Deck is my go-to local for sport. Its main advantage is that it has lots of screens and will show pretty much any event you request (especially good for soccer).
It's a standard Irish style pub (but with table service). Decent selection of beers and average pub grub. Prices are pretty reasonable and service is generally very good.Pricing isn't bad, food is average.  Staff is borderline abrasive, rude and unhelpful.  The guy manning the front door (checks IDs and sometimes manage seating) does a good job of consistently making it a sour experience.  Whether it's his abrasive comments, general unwillingness to help, or his constant scowl, I question why I come here each time.  He seems generally disinterested in providing any level of customer service.
They have live bands on Friday nights, bands are decent and very accomodating.  However they are turned up loud enough for the whole tavern to hear them and yet the wait staff will put you right next to their speakers so that you can't even hear yourself think.
Servers generally are nice but I have come across some that were not happy serving large groups.  Location is great and it seems that they get enough foot traffic in the area that bad reviews don't do much to change things which is sad because there is so much potential.  Food is very average but that's easily fixable.  Attitudes and etiquette are hard to change if there isn't a demand for it.  If you want to feel like a paying customer...I would avoid this place until they fix things with their wait staff.Cool spot for bar trivia, burners, and beers
TV set up kinda blows - live music is super loud pending your spot
Overall i really enjoyed this place but would like to see improvement with the tvs & increase staff to alleviate work on serversVery racist. The person who seated us looked annoyed with us, all we did was walked in and said hi. She seated us in the corner on the side and it took over 10 mins until someone actually came over after walking right pass us. Remind you, it wasn't pack. Then another party came in (different color obviously) they were greeted within 1 min (same server) sat across from us. Got everything in, did I mention we are still waiting and didn't get anything yet, but they even got their drinks before us   she didn't even bother to come back to us only focused on the other party and walked really fast passed us so she wouldn't have to talk to us. We even had to give someone else our check because she didn't come over so we could leave.I've always found New Deck very overrated.
On one hand, the food is as good as any on Sansom Street, and cheap too. The drinks are cheap as well, though it's much more of a beer house.
What I don't like about New Deck is it's crowded, loud nature. Just when you think a college bar can be a little fun, without big screen TVs and cheese sauce on everything... the meatheads discover New Deck, and it becomes a place of spilled lager, stepped on shoes, crappy jam bands, and yelling, "What's your name again?"
A little crowd control and quality control, and New Deck could be a neighborhood bar instead of a University City magnet.I got my first real Philly cheesesteak -- and the first night in town no less! 
This place had charm. Great server - one of the best I've had in a long time.
I can't say that I love cheesesteak but the entire experience here was great. I'd go back and order any of the other items on the menu.Awesome fries were absolutely awesome with real cheese! Shepards pie just ok. Nice atmosphereWe just stumbled across this place while looking for somewhere to eat near our hotel. It looked cute on the outside, but it was a total circus on the inside. There is a bar, and a couple of dining areas, but unfortunately they all seemed to converge right where we were sitting, meaning that our table was constantly being pushed past by everyone, which made for a very poor, very hassled dining experience. Even worse was the ear-splitting noise. This place was so loud, my friend and I had to shout at each other across our small table, and ended up downing our drinks and packing up our food just so we could get out of there before any permanent hearing loss occurred  (hopefully). 
Anyways, the service was mediocre (I'm actually surprised our waitress did as well as she did, considering the noise levels, and the number of people bustling around), and the food/drinks were nothing exceptional. Maybe it was just because we were there on a Friday evening, but I wouldn't go back to this place, at least not if I wanted dinner without a side of splitting headache.My place to go when I want happy hour drinks! Comes with a serving of peanuts if you ask them for it by the bar. 
Though I also have gone here for their food. The serving sizes are pretty large. My burger was really delicious and there were tons of fries that is super great. 
Make sure that you have your id though after 9 I think. They will card you by the door most likely I believe. I forgot my id once and they wouldn't let me in. Bummer.This is your typical pub. The food is decent. I had a couple different sandwiches. he salads are eh. Nothing blew me away. Overall, it's nice if you are in the area and looking for a quick bite. I wouldn't go out of my way for it. If you are looking for a quiet meal, I would steer clear. It tends to be on the louder side since it is a sports bar.Possibly the best cheese fries in the world.  I absolutely love this restaurant!  The chicken Cesar salad is also not to be missed.Its a recycled story... 
Your friend comes over unannounced and tells you she's had an abortion. You tell her your "Sorry". She says "What for?". 
Irish bars are what they are. 
Walking in and out of this place made me so fucking tired.Friendly staff, reasonably priced drinks, awesome ambiance and very spacious. 
I haven't had much to eat here, but the crab dip and nachos are delicious (the nachos come with chili on the side, which is great for a mixed omnivore/vegetarian crowd such as myself and my crew). I spotted someone at the bar with some chicken tenders and fries which looked quite tasty -- especially since it looked like they came with an assortment of dipping sauces (BBQ, ranch, and honey mustard, maybe?)
Quizo is tons of fun, but the announcer was REALLY difficult to hear and understand, despite the fact that we were sitting literally right next to him. Maybe the acoustics are better in other sections of the bar, but he was also speaking in kind of a monotone voice, which didn't really help.
But we still had a blast, as we did every other time we've been here. Definitely a fan!Too loud, too busy. Just too much. Ok burger/American/not-too-healthy food with ok drinks. I have been there only because I had to be there. I have been to lot better Irish bar.Good food, fun Quizzo, great atmosphere.
The sole drawback is the socially inept and dependably abrupt "seater". Whether it's carding 40-year-olds or holding multiple groups of people from being seated in a half empty dining room because half of each of their party hasn't arrived, his presence is the first, worst, but thankfully only downside to this pub.
If you're seated without a feeling of "that was needlessly unpleasant", then enjoy an untroubled New Deck experience. If not, don't hold it against the servers, bartenders, or kitchen staff. They've been repeatedly above average and will even occasionally apologize for the goatee'd powertripper that puts a sour taste in their customers mouth.
Final word of advice: the fajitas smell (and since they're steaming, everyone within 40 yards can smell them) like they are the single greatest food item crafted by man. They are, upon tasting, simply good.Overall the food is fine. The drinks are fine. But the service is awful. It's the only restaurant where I have been put in obvious micro aggression. The waitress didn't talk with patience. When we go as a group of Asians, speaking mandarins Chinese, it's only "not smiling". But when I go with black friends, and we all speak in non native English, wow you should come and look at the attitude we got. We just can't order some snacks and hang out?! It's not even packed. 
Once one of them even came arguing with the tips which we were planning on leaving some cash after we leave. But the waitress got her supervisor, and the older lady came yelling with us as if we are some cheap cultural illiterate foreigners. 
Penn got plenty of international students in the neighborhood, and I think we deserve better and more equal treatment as customers.Shepherds Pie was served scalding hot -- lawsuit hot.  I burned my tongue and roof of my mouth from first bite.  When the waitress cleared our plates 20 minutes later, my leftovers were still steaming.   This place was my favorite 4 years ago but they have gone downhill to the point I don't want to eat here again.  
So we gave New Deck another shot today.  My son ordered a hamburger cooked medium, I ordered a cheeseburger extra well done.  My son received a well done burger, I received a blood red cheeseburger.  Mistakes happen but how the restaurant handles them is what makes me want to return.  With some prompting, our waitress offered to recook the bloody cheeseburger.  She didn't offer to remake the overcooked burger.  Instead she shrugged and said "I didn't cook them".  No drink refills were offered either.  My one star rating stands.Great local college bar to have a burger and excellent fries. I think the food is pretty darn good!
The place is HUGE and there are a lot of tables. Great place to go drink and eat bar food with a bunch of your friends. I would definitely bring friends here. Not a date though.Delicious late night burgers and specials starting at 11 PM, and the ambiance gives off a casual, sporty vibe. I like their cocktails, especially the Shirley Temple, but the last time I came here they had run out of all the cocktails I wanted to try for the first time. I ended up with a Skinny Lemonade, which tasted a bit powdery and didn't have much alcoholic content. The fries are delicious though, as is the New Deck Burger, and for $5 on late nights it's a steal!! 
Wednesday nights quizzos are a bit hectic, and the last quizzo game I played dragged on for longer than I wanted to. The servers were also really frazzled trying to keep up with a booked restaurant so my table couldn't get our waiter's attention easily.This is my second home. The place where I went on my 1st day in Philly. 
Love their Tequila shots with red bull and miss the happy hour burgers. 
Super awesome fresh burgers, Good ambiance, TV, games, lot of people around you having a great time.I've only tried their veggie burger and veggie wrap so far and both have been okay. They are not amazing, but not bad either. I would definitely recommend the veggie burger over the wrap. 
The inside is a standard Irish pub look and both times I went it wasn't packed but wasn't completely empty either!We went for trivia night with a very large group.  The trivia was poorly orchestrated and the questions were all way too easy.  The fries are greasy.  The waitress was pretty good about getting all of our orders right and stopped by frequently to check on refills.  When the check came, we paid in a mixture of cash and cards and made sure we had the right amount, factoring in tax and tip.  We wrote out how much money should go on each card on the back of the check.  She proceeded to overcharge everyone who used a card by automatically adding tax and tip ON TOP OF the amounts we had given her, even though we had already accounted for that.  She did take them back to run them again when we pointed it out to her.This is a great happy hour spot since their signature appetizers are half priced and you can get pitchers.  Some of the servers aren't very friendly but I suppose that's what happens when you're forced to serve snoody Penn students every day.  That being said, it is my go-to after work watering hole, and their awesome fries are just that: awesome.good irish beer selection. great wings. even better chicken tenders. 
and they have smithwicks. yum!
awesome place to hang out with you friends and coworkers. 
its close to my work; i really cant complain.New Deck is a comfy casual spot near campus with decent food and beer. I mostly go for their happy hour to get $5 appetizers and $1 off beer. Some of the appetizers offered are chicken quesadillas, cheese (awesome) fries, nachos, and chicken tenders. The food isn't stellar, but it's not bad for a quick bite and a drink after work. Mostly not a huge fan of this place because the service has been pretty awful the past 3 times I've come here. The bartender is friendly but not the most attentive guy - we tried signaling for a refill for a good 10 minutes before deciding to pay the bill and leave. Another time, our server mixed up our quesadillas for nachos and also brought us the full price regular fries instead of the $5 awesome fries we'd ordered - didn't even apologize. Needless to say, not the biggest fan, but it is a convenient and fairly cheap place for a quick get together.I'll go for Quizo on Wednesday nights but the drinks are overpriced, the mediocre service comes with too much attitude, and the frattiest Penn undergrads can be a little obnoxious. They do have half-priced food after 11, which is great.This is more a review of service than substance.  For substance, the New Deck is great.  They have decent (though loud) Quizzo, really good burgers and fries, a delicious crab dip, and pretty cheap beer.  But their service s-u-c-k-s.
The first time I went to New Deck, I had to literally sprint after the server to order something after waiting for 30 minutes with an empty glass and a desire to have a full glass.  That's just inexcusable - and I was with a table of about 6 others who also wanted more.
The second time I was at New Deck was for an ad hoc birthday party.  The server began leveling unclear invectives against our party for "blocking an entrance", which we attempted to stop doing, but apparently not to his satisfaction.  Then the manager asked us to move to a well-lit and pleasant corner to play Quizzo.  Our group of 12 planned to play as two teams of 6, taking up two tables.  Suddenly, the rude fellow who had been yelling at us earlier said he needed to exile us to the basement.  I asked why?  He said it was because our group was too large.
I then asked him why two groups of 6, paying and playing as two separate groups of 6, taking up two tables meant to hold 6 people each... would have to move?  He said it was "policy".  I asked again, "How is our situation any different than if you had two groups of 6 people who didn't know each other taking up the same 12 seats?? We are already sitting and have been moved twice!"  He simply asked us to move again.  We agreed... and moved to a different bar several blocks away.It is what it is what it is. Cheap beer, cheap food (during happy hour - til 7). I mean really, $1.50 for a pint of beer, $5 for sizable chicken quesadillas, efficient service and nice TVs. A great place to go casually with a bunch of friends.When I was at Drexel and still frequented UC for a happy hour or after work drink with friends this was a great watering hole.  Awesome friendly bartenders, cheap beer, and the best cheese fries Philly has to offer.  Great place to bring a group of friends for a beer or just a quick after a night of drinking place to eat that has consistent good food.I've been here twice, once for St. Patricks day and another just for dinner. I will say it is a fun place to go if you want to drink or to hangout with friends. If you're strictly coming here looking for food, don't have your expectations real high. I had the new deck burger and while I was satisfied it wasn't anything to special. Don't get me wrong I do like the place and will come back but just to drink.It's a college bar. You should come here when the occasion warrants a college bar. For example: You want a cheap happy hour, you are going to play Quizzo, you want to yell at sports on the TV, you are craving fried things. 
You should not come here on a date or with your parents, unless your parents want to yell at sports on the TV or eat fried things with undergrads. 
The drinks are fine. The fried things are generally good and the french onion soup is surprisingly delicious. They get crowded but the servers/bartenders are usually pretty good at keeping up with everybody.This is a really cozy place. Sat at the bar, and ordered food and Irish beers. Good prices, nice atmosphere and friendly bartenders as well as a nice crowd. Will definitely be back!Don't be fooled - the awesome fries are not awesome.  They may appear so at first, but 5 bites in these greasy, soggy fries will leave you feeling really not awesome.
That being said, $2 yuengling during happy hour and cheap, greasy appetizers.  About what you'd expect from a bar near campus.  Some of the servers are friendly, others a bit snippy.  I guess I see where they're coming from -- they work at a bar near campus, after all.
Not really my kind of scene, but it does serve it's purpose on occasion.Yuck. The beer was delicious, but my salad was not. I think the kitchen thought they could hide the fact that their lettuce was old and slimy by drowning it in salad dressing, but they were wrong. I am no fool. You know how when you buy a bag of mesclun salad and forget about it in the fridge for a week, and it gets all melty and gross? Well, that's what they served me. The nerve. My companion's veggie burger and fries were good, but I cannot forgive that salad. It's just plain mean to serve someone that.I frequent New Deck on Sunday nights for its $5 late night menu. Couple your burger/fries with the night's special beer and you can get a filling and delicious meal for $7 + tip/tax. 
I get the New Deck burger every time. I've tried some of their other foods, and the New Deck burger is my favorite. It's cooked perfectly with great bread, mushrooms, cheese, and bacon. The fries are also extremely good - cut to just the right thickness and fried just right.
The atmosphere is quite nice if you come during a slow time. Very roomy, very clean, interesting conversation-starter art hanging on the wall. However, the brick walls and open area can make it get very loud very quickly if the restaurant is even half-full. Karaoke night should be avoided unless you plan on participating - the music is cranked so loud it's like being inside a car with the speakers loud enough you can hear it for blocks. 
New Deck is where to go if you want an unpretentious and delicious burger.WEAK DRINKS!!  My friends and I met here yesterday afternoon for happy hour.  The appetizers and service were fine. The drink specials were $1 off; that's fine.  The not so fine part were the DRINKS!  You think if I'm at a tavern I could get a good drink.  Both of my drinks were WEAK!!!  With the exception of my friends this happy hour was sad .  I'll come back for lunch and drink water or juice.I used to go here frequently for lunch, until my office building moved 4 blocks away and it became inconvenient to go. But I used to really enjoy it. They've got great burgers, fries, french onion soup, salads, etc.
My work pal and I used to request this adorable waitress named Sam. I doubt she still works there.Classic Irish Pub-styled restaurant with College-Town stylings.
New Deck is a nice place to go down to, smack between two of Philadelphia's big-3 universities, on a Saturday night to grab a bite to eat. The food is pretty much as classic as it gets, with the staples covered (stews, boxtys, pies, etc.) and a few items that are a bit off the beaten path as well.
One of my favorites is the fish & chips platter, since it comes with a good helping of 4 large battered pieces of cod and a good helping of actual chips, not just french fries as most eateries in the US tend to do. The batter is good, without being too heavy, and the chips are hearty cuts and cooked well too.
Do note that as the hours get later, it can be very hard to get a table, and it also can become age-restricted entry to prevent the local college kids from trying to pull a fast one. 
In any case, the servers are all great guys and gals, and I've heard from a friend who used to work there that the kitchens and inside of the restaurant are always kept spotless and squeaky clean, which is great to hear!
TLDR: Classic Irish Bar, Good food, Nice ambianceDecent burgers and beers. Great prices. You can get a very filling specialty burger with fries meal for less than $10 here.
There's nothing particularly awesome or unique about any of the dishes New Deck offers. Everything is pretty standard for a bar/tavern style restaurant, and I'm not going to suggest any particular entree because I don't think any one dish is noticeably "better" than the rest.
If you can, definitely come here for Happy Hour. Being able to get certain appetizers for $5 is definitely worth it. If you don't know what you want to try, give the Awesome Fries a chance. The plate is gigantic and could probably be used as a starter for as many as 6 people. I suggest going for an intense work out after you eat the fries though. Just thinking about the sheer amount of delicious cheese and bacon crumbles on the oily fries makes me worried for everyone's future health.
Personally, I feel that New Deck epitomizes the typical college bar/pub style restaurant. I don't go there all the time because I don't think it's that special, but I'm glad that it's available on campus for when I do want a good beer and burger meal.it is what it is, an irish pub on campus that has a great happy hour and decent burgers. years ago, HH was even cheaper, but nowadays, they have $5 apps, minus the wings and $2 yeunglings. aside from that, i also come here for their burgers -- not cheap, but very tasty and they really have some of the best fries and wings in town. it's good for groups, good for after work de-stressing.If your into quant Irish pubs in philly, than you should find your way here. The atmosphere is fun and pubby. The fare is good, standard Irish and the new some . I had the turkey open sand which and it was outstanding.Cool bar with great drink choices.  Great atmosphere too.   Service terrific.    Food though was simply not good enough.  Dry wings, overcooked fish, turkey sandwich looked bland.   So would I return?  Absolutely but making dinner plans elsewhere.  Sorry.This place is deemed the law school bar so my friends and I have been here many many many times.  It's a decent bar and it has QUIZZO!  There is seating downstairs and it's always crowded for lunch, dinner or late night.  There is a big thing in front that has free roasted peanuts in the shells and there is a bouncer at night who checks IDs.  There are always native Irish waitresses here which is cool.  My bf loves the cobb salad, which I think is just ok.  The french onion soup is terrible but shame on me for ordering that at an Irish pub.  The burgers are ok, so if you're craving one bad, it will do the trick.  They don't serve the kind of fries I like but some people absolutely adore their curry fries.  The fries are medium size and they seem triple-fried (I don't like when the fry is just all fried "skin" than a nice balance of crispy outside and soft hot potato on the inside).  The bbq chicken salad is very good but prob 2000 calories.  My friend likes the shepard's pie here but I haven't personally tried it.
The happy hour specials are awesome (1/2-price appetizers and drink specials) on the weekdays and after 11pm, everything on the menu is 1/2 off.  The pasta and nachos are ok and the chicken tenders and artichoke dip are yummy.  Decent place to grab appetizers and beers (Guinnes on tap!  yay!) but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.Never disappoints! One of my favorites when I pass through Philly. Wide selection of craft brews and hearty American food with an Irish twist. Always order the Alaskan cod fish n' chips, soups, or any one of the burgers . Served nice and hot with my ale! Appropriate portions, scratch kitchen, lively bar scene, and amiable wait staff. Bands play music frequently at this location. Great for a night out, or to finish off your day.Just like the Yelp rating guidelines for three stars, this place is "A-OK." Its nothing to call home about, although it is conveniently located near Penn and has reasonably priced food and beer. There aren't many vegetarian options, so I ordered the veggie burger, which was alright, and a Pumpkin Blue Moon, which was quite good, especially for the $1 off happy hour price. Last time I was here, a group of us shared the spinach and artichoke dip, which was probably the most garlicky I've ever had, so I wouldn't recommend this unless you're looking to fend off vampires tonight.
Overall, I'm glad to have this place located near Penn, and I'm sure that my coworkers and I will eventually make our way back here for the cheap(ish) drinks one night.A great place to run into flight attendants and pilots during happy hour. This place is awesome and it's becoming a regular hang out of flight crews when they have a philly layover. They have cheap drinks and cheap food!  If you order your food after 11pm, everything in the menu is half off !It's solid. I don't really understand why some of these reviews are so scathing. If you're looking for a pubby place to drink in UCity, this is a good spot. Wings, burgers, and fries, what else could you need? Close to like 30 beers on tap too. I recommend their New Deck burger: bacon, mushrooms, and tons of cheese.Ehhh. But let's do the math together.
My two lovely daughters and I had lunch here and sat outside at a table in the shade. One star!
We ordered chicken fingers and a club sandwich, both of which included honey mustard (a family favorite, plus I'm Southern, so the stuff runs through my veins). And the fries were crunchy and tasty. One more star!
The food was pretty good, and they had the new Flying Fish Summer Brew. What comes next, boys and girls? That's right: one additional star.
But the service...as I said earlier...ehhh. Dude was nice enough but he kept disappearing for extended stretches of time, drinks weren't refilled and he took a long time to bring the check. So long that I thought summer vacation might be over already.
So it's one, two, three stars for New Deck Tavern! Isn't math fun?Do not hesitate to walk into this place!! Great atmosphere with an amazing staff!!! Great selection of food and drinks!!! You think you will only be here fkr one and you quickly realize how fast an hour has flown by! Definitely worth stopping by!!!The service was very poor. I don't know how many times our waiter came to our table and asked "are you finished ordering?" So he could give us our bill and not have to come back...? How RUDE! The food was not good. We each only got a small appetizer and a beer then decided to head elsewhere based on the bad service. The spinach/artichoke dip was horrid, the potato soup was thick and gloopy and overly salted. Needless to say, we will not be back.Good: Food.
Bad: Service- the waitress transferred us because she had to leave and the new girl forgot about us because we technically weren't her table, the waitress would forget to bring out drinks or just took her time getting them to the table, she had trouble timing our appetizers and meals; my friend had a bad beer.. i mean how old are your beers?
This is the place you go if you want to get trashed with your friends at night, or where you go if you're craving some good food while being trashed.
I would not recommend this during the day or if you're not a drinker.Great gem in U city. Nice food,  nice drinks. Nice crowd.  Go for lunch and the service is awesome and quick.The negative reviews shock me a bit.  This is a Penn and Drexel staple and it's where I'd recommend bringing out-of-towners who are on a smaller budget.  
The burgers are delicious, fries are good, decent wings, great beer selection, good service, and a great pub feel.  I've been here a ton of times and, even though I live in Old City, I would still go back for Happy Hour and burgers when I'm on campus.  
I never, ever felt the place was "hipster" as one of the other posters stated...it's full of college kids!  If you associate college kids with being hipster then I'd avoid it.  You're going to a pub in a college area of the city, you should know what you're getting into!
Recommended.Here is everything you need to know about the people who run New Deck: On St. Patrick's Day, they had NO drink specials and charged $5 for a pint of Guinness.  Another time, they tried to charge us a $2 cover to eat dinner.  We ate somewhere else that night, obviously.  
Also, their "bouncer" is completely psycho.  Note to bouncer: This is a college bar.  Penn is not a state school.  You know what that means?  People come here from out of state!  Stop acting like "California" and "Ohio" are fake states that don't grant driver's licenses and let me have a damn drink already.I've been to New Deck a handful of times and have never really had a bad experience. With that being said there is still nothing special about New Deck. I went there on Saturday and ordered the turkey burger and my friend ordered the chili (both were very good). We also ordered 4 beers and in the end the prices were all very reasonable. I only have three complaints about my experience so here they are: 
1. The host lacked a sense of humor and was just very dry and a bit rude
2. The table that they gave us was a little dirty 
3. Our waitress was barely visible and never offered us a glass of water. Instead she immediately asked us about what we wanted to drink even though at that point we hadn't even received the drinks menu. 
Even though there were some mess ups with my last experience I would go New Deck again for the great prices and overall atmosphere.I use to come to New Deck a lot but recently the service has been very poor.  Upon my visit on 8/22 the service was very slow and somehow I found GLASS  in my salad.  While the waiter did bring a new salad, the manager walked by us several times without saying a word and we payed full price for a meal.  I am not a cheap person but I was quite surprised to see that I still had to pay for a meal that could have given me serious injuryCool atmosphere - super bar with local pours and several tv's to watch games.  Classic city pub, recommend.  Good good s well!only thing i really love about this place is the karaoke and the Awesome Fries. the Awesome Fries are a.w.e.s.o.m.eeeeeeeeeeee. otherwise, its just a typical bar to hang out at that's also a good time.If you're a law student you are intimately familiar with New Deck, for better or worse.  Honestly, the food sucks.  I've been to a lot of bars with much better food.  Sometimes they have half-priced food, and Quizo is a lot of fun to play if you're there with a big group of friends.  The drinks are not cheap, but not outrageous either.  It's a good place to grab a pint but don't order the food unless you're really desperate.New Deck Tavern is best taken at face value. It's good ol' fashioned American food. Good variety, could choices for vegetarians. Nice atmosphere, although gets verrry crowded near the bar around happy hour.
My biggest complaint is that the food was slowwwww to come out. We waited a good 45-60 minutes for three simple orders during a time when it was not at all busy!One of the best happy hours/late night places on campus!
Happy hours (weekdays, 5-7pm) include really cheap draft and $5 appetizers. I love hitting this place up after class with some friends, ordering some dishes to share, and spending less than $10 with a full belly.
Come on Wednesday nights at 10 for Quizzo, $2 domestic drafts, and half-off food starting after 11 (although this half-off deal is every day). It's a great place to start off the night if I plan on staying on campus.
Only a couple notes: service can be a little spotty. I remember one time we were sitting outside and we had to hail down our server several times because he checked up on us so infrequently.I have been going there since 1998. Food is good specially sandwiches, burgers and appetizers. Prices are excellent. atmosphere is great. the only thing is the service, its below average unless you set on the bar.I have been here numerous times. The good is pretty good. This can also be a great date spot or location to bring a big group of friends. One note on the date spot come earlier in that if it is a first date and you have a lot of talking to do it can get crowded and a little bit loud. It is a lot of fun though:)New Deck is easily one of my favorite places in "University City" (West Philadelphia), and probably my favorite bar in the area. Thanks to a very strict policy of carding everyone, regardless of how old they appear, New Deck is pleasantly absent of the normal University City undergrad crowd, and that is a VERY good thing. I have personally seen well over 20 people get turned away for showing fakes, or for having sketchy looking id's, and this commitment to keeping kids out shows in the bar's exceptional atmosphere. New Deck has a very authentic pub feel to it, and it doesn't hurt that most of the bartenders are natives of Ireland (my favorite is from the same county as my family). While it can get loud at times, as any bar can from time to time, it is mostly laid back and is a very great place to have a conversation without having to yell at the person you are speaking with. A matter of fact, I took my fiancee here on our first date five years ago and we have been coming back at least once a month since then.
The drink prices are fairly standard for the area, however they definitely pour heavy handed when it comes to liquor orders and that is always a plus when you are trying to drink on a budget. I would even go as far as to say they give about 50% more than most places when it comes to their drinks "on the rocks". Food prices are very reasonable, and the serving sizes are very generous, plus the quality is exceptional. As a prior reviewer has stated, the awesome fries really are awesome, and you can never go wrong with ordering one of their burgers for an entree. For those of you not interested in burgers let me give you a big tip, the "Ashford Castle Alfredo" is to die for and there will probably be enough to take home for a small meal later (especially if you, or your group, decide to start with the "Awesome fries").
There is definitely no shortage of options when it comes to drinking holes in this area, but if you are someone who enjoys relaxing with friends in comfort over a reasonably priced meal and beverage, without having to deal with obnoxious drunks, New Deck is undoubtedly the place for you.Damnit, New Deck. You couldn't keep me away, could you? The draw of the Awesome Fries is just too strong...
Yes, my friends, the boycott is over. Partly because the food is just too good. Partly because I was already in University City. Partly because now I'm accustomed to downtown Seattle bars that charge double what New Deck does - even after they dumped their specials. At any rate, I returned.
The awesome fries are still awesome. They still pour the best Black & Tans around. The atmosphere is the same as it ever was. While I was slurringly opining about my sordid past with New Deck, one of the waitresses even remembered me, all these years later (I guess coming at least once a week, sometimes more often, for 2+ years, leaves an impression).
At any rate, I can let bygones be bygones and give New Deck the rating she deserves. Drop by, order some awesome fries and a pint of your favorite Irish beer, and tell Paul at the bar hello for me.Been here a couple of times recently as it is right across the street from my girlfriend's house. The host is rude. He forgets that his job is to seat and serve. It always seems as though we are an inconvenience to him that we are there. We asked to sit in a place where we could see the NCAA Tourney. We told him we were eating dinner. He said the only place is in the bar. As he pointed us to the bar, we took the high-top smack in front of a TV in the dining room. Thanks for a whole lot of nothing. Might as well be self-serve seating. 
The food though is good. Fish and Chips, Chicken Florentine -- both solid. Props to the BOH. Wish the FOH had a clue. It'd be 3 or 4 stars if the FOH was better.Yikes this place is very expensive for subpar food. My partner and I went here while he was inpatient receiving chemotherapy at UPENN. It's walking distance and the reviews weren't bad. I started with mozzarella sticks. My experience with mozzarella sticks at Irish pubs is that they are homemade and pretty good. These were definitely the mass manufactured frozen variety. And they were $8.25. Highway robbery for complete garbage. I told the waitress they weren't very good and she did take them off the check. Service was very friendly here I must say.
She recommended the fish and chips and that wasn't good at all. The fries were poorly executed; some were tough and chewy and none were good. The fish wasn't done well. The tartar sauce was awful. Definitely from some kind of jar and I've had decent tartar sauce from a jar. Plus this was 14 bucks. It definitely wasn't worth anything near this. I didn't bother returning it after returning the mozzarella sticks and figured I would just pay, leave an honest review and never come back. My boyfriend got the Shepherd's Pie which was good but heavy and greasy.
My bad review is due however to the poor tasting and quality of the overall meal which was like taking 50 bucks and tossing it in the trash. I tipped the waitress 20 percent because she was nice but the rest of the experience was pure regret. There are so many good restaurants in Philly. Please save your money and go elsewhere.Had the New Deck Chicken Sandwich. Plate came with plenty of fries. Really good for 8.75. Excellent choice but was a bit surprised that my pint of Harp was 5.50 (yikes) Glad I only had 1 with my meal. Overall still not a bad deal to walk out with a good meal and drink for right under 15 bucks. 9:30 pm must be the rush on Thurs nights. Lots of Penn kids but still a great place.Upon arriving to college, my parents and I wanted to catch a bite to eat at the nearest food joint, and my RA at the time, Meghan Carr (follow her on Yelp!), recommended this place. College pub life at its best! It quickly became my all-time fave go-to place in University City (since I could walk there in 4 blocks from my old apartment). Good to catch up wtih friends and eat the amazing CHEESE FRIES WITH BACON on weekdays if we needed to de-stress from studying. Yes, freshman 15 was gained. On weekends, karaoke and guitar singers bring in pretty packed crowds if you're into that kinda thing. I believe they also have trivia. And peanuts!!Toot, Chap and I were going to see a show at the World Cafe Live Sunday night so we walked a few blocks over to the New Deck for a change of pace. It was around 5:30 pm and the place was far from crowded. We sat at the bar and drank a few Dog Fishers or Fisher Dogs, I can't remember, but they were tasty! Toot and I got some Fish and Chips and we both agreed=delicious! The fish had a nice crisp coating and was real moist without being greasy. The Chips were really just Steak Fries but were perfect! Chap grabbed a burger and said it was OK but he got regular fries and was jealous of our "Chips". The bartkeeps were attentive as well they should be with only 4 other people sitting at the bar. We watched the Giants-Washington (I refuse to call them by their name as it's totally offensive ) game and it was a little weird because Chap is a huge Giants fan and when they made a big play he'd be shouting and clapping but the rest of the bar was silent. We drew some looks but f' em if they can't take a joke. All in all we liked the place and will probably return before the next show. Two beers and a Bacardi & diet for around $11, great "pub ambiance", football, great chow, what's not to like?New Deck is pretty good!
I came here with a friend, surprisingly, for the first time -- even though New Deck sits basically on Penn's campus in University City. I ordered the chicken tender club, which came with a side of hot, crispy fries. The chicken was covered in just the right amount of batter and overall made for a solid sandwich. The bread was surprisingly soft (in a good way). My friend got the flaky cod, which looked like a pretty big portion. Prices are decent (not super cheap, but not too expensive as well). 
Service was friendly and pretty fast, even though there seemed to be a good number of people seated at the time I was there. 
Overall, a good place to grab a bite -- need to come back to check out their drink specials some other time!****EDITED REVIEW****
In all my years of living in Philadelphia, I have never experienced such terrible service at any establishment in this city.
Firstly, there was a miscommunication regarding a reservation that a member of our party made over email with one of the staff members there the week prior, which really wasn't an issue at all.  These things happen.  
When we walked in, and our reservation could not be found, our party of 6, with an additional 4 people coming to join us, were seated in their downstairs room.  When we got down there, it was quiet as there was no music and we were the only people in there.  So we decided to go back upstairs and ask to be seated at any of the empty tables they had there and asked if we could just push a few together.  
At this point, someone who I assume is the manager or shift manager, came over to push some tables together, but was visibly frustrated with us and extremely rude and nasty.  She was holding on to the fact that there was an issue with the reservation, which we did not care about nor was it mentioned to her at all, we just asked to be seated at a table.  She accused us of being nasty, which was not true because two of us were just standing there on our phones, and another member of our party was just trying to get the tables set up.  She then MOCKED a member of our party, saying "I'm not trying to be rude, but you're over here saying 'mehmehmeh'" - WHO MOCKS A CUSTOMER?! A CUSTOMER WHO IS NOT CAUSING A PROBLEM?!  She then turned to the person who had originally made the reservation, who was quietly standing next to me on the phone, and told her that we were being nasty, to which she replied calmly, "I haven't even said anything".  Before she walked away in a huff, she turned and pointed her finger at us and said "Don't start trouble" - Walking around in some of the worst parts of Philly, I have not been threatened or spoken to like that by anyone, but come into a pub in a beautiful part of town on the UPenn campus, and get threatened for asking to be seated.  No one was being rude to her or her staff, nor was anyone being nasty, complaining, frustrated, or using foul language, they had more than enough space for us and we just asked to be seated at a table for a party of 8-10, which is NOT too much to ask when we are coming in and wanting to spend our money here.  The way that this woman acted toward her patrons was shameful and she continued to speak about us while we were in the restaurant, as one member of our party had to pass her to get outside.    Reading the previous reviews, it's quite clear that we are not the only ones who have experienced a rude staff with an attitude problem, nor are we the first to express an issue with seating.  Its very troubling that these reviews go back years and New Deck clearly hasn't done anything at all to remedy the situation.  This was an overall terrible experience for a group of us who were just trying to celebrate a co-worker's birthday and none of us will be returning.  There will now be at least 8-10 people who will not be recommending any of our co-workers, friends or family waste their time or money here.
***********************************************
In response to the very unhelpful comment from Erin Q below:  Per the first few lines of my review, the problem and reason for this poor review was not because of the miscommunication or misunderstanding regarding the reservation and EXTREMELY unprofessional to post someone's email to your establishment in a public forum, when I am VERY WELL aware of what the email said and what that entire exchange was.  Again, THIS WAS NOT THE PROBLEM.  And your account of what happened is absolutely NOT what happened because while, yes, tables were put together for us, the woman I am referencing in this review was extremely nasty, mocked a member of our party who didn't say or do anything wrong, and pointed at and threatened us.  We are CLEARLY not the first people to complain about the service at this place, as the complaints about the poor service and outright rudeness and complete lack of professionalism by your staff goes back YEARS.  No one in my party said anything rude to or about your staff and the way we were treated was appalling, though what's more appalling is the way you've decided to handle this situation by continuing to harp on the one part of this situation, the reservation debacle, which was NOT a problem, posting an email exchange publicly, refusing to acknowledge that your staff does not have any customer service skills whatsoever, and disregarding the fact that at the end of the day, patrons who walked into your establishment to have a good time and spend our hard earned money were not treated with basic respect.Good Service. Had the burger which was a bit dry. Had a Long Island ice tea which was made weak. My colleagues had the salad and wine 
Service was good and fast.