Very good vegetarian food, but their menu doesn't exactly match the one shown on google and yelpWhy are you reading this? Run to Harmony now!
I grew up eating here and LOVE it. I heard they changed managers or ownership or something and I haven't been since. But if the menu is anything like it was about 4 years ago...its delicious. The sesame chicken or general tso are my favorite! Seriously, I'll probably dream about this food tonight. 
If you are vegetarian, bring your meat eating friends here and they won't believe their taste buds.I love this restaurant so much, though I like cooking whenever i am not having my own food the next best deal for me is NEW HARMONY. this stands out to me to be the best in philly. i tell everyone i know about this restaurant even non vegans love it.Absolutely wonderful, this is my go-to comfort food place. Sesame beef and walnut jumbo shrimp are my favorite, but I love so much of their menu (wonton soup - also incredible!) 
I also just love the feel of the restaurant, it feels cozy, it's never too loud, and the owners are nice. It's almost never crowded, but I wish it was, because I love it and I want them to always have tons of business.So my first impression was, "Oh, I should leave..." But I mustered my courage and went in. It doesn't look very...uh....clean... from the outside or the inside...
But, I was starving and really hoping for the best... So they sat me kinda off to the  side. Not really a problem....I suppose. So I ordered:
Turnip Cakes. They were pretty good. I kinda craved them since I haven't been to my beloved dim sum since I became veggie. They were crispy. Not much else happening tho. They gave me the sauce that usually comes with Peking duck (the name escapes me). That was different and they kinda needed it.
Spinach dumplings and dragon dumplings. were a disappointment because they are essentially the same thing, just different colors. Like your typically veg. gyoza filling. Not bad not good.
Taro Cakes. They were strange...just strange. Crispy crust but nothing else going on. I could taste taro....maybe?
Imitation shrimp with walnuts. Actually pretty tasty. I could be fooled. BUT, they served the shrimp with the vegan set sauce on top of broccoli with soy sauce on it. Just odd. Served with brown rice. 
Vegan Char Siu Bao. Nope. Doughy AF. No
 flavor. Maybe microwaved with a damp paper towel?
So I guess the message here is, this is one of those places where the fake meats are the way to go. 
Not terrible but just not super special other than being a vegan Chinese restaurant.I once found a place like this in Atlanta and I never thought I would find one again. What a gem!
I placed an order of sweet and sour chicken and pork buns for pickup. 
What was awesome:
1. They packaged my fried chik'n bits separate from the sauce (good thing too because it took me a good forty minutes to get home). 
2. They gave me brown rice.
3. They included delicious egg drop soup for free. 
4. EVERYTHING WAS VEGAN AND DELICIOUS!! I have to admit though, the pork rolls were a bit doughy, but yummy at the same time. 
This meal cost me $10 and I couldn't even finish half. I probably would have gotten three meals out of this (I had to leave for my flight though so my friends will enjoy the rest instead). 
I'm giving a four because I've only been there once and I can't speak for all the dishes as I had a very typical and probably easy to make meal. Still, delicious! Vegans, vegetarians, and meat-eaters will love the food!This place is amazeballs.  I really, really wish we had a comparable place in Raleigh / Durham / Chapel Hill, NC.  The service is just fantastic as well: courteous, gracious, and welcoming.  No weirdness even though I, on a business trip, was dining alone; you know how sometimes you can tell your server is irritated to be waiting on a one top, which is why I usually eat at the bar when I'm traveling for work, but I didn't have to worry about that at all here.
The menu is so massive, I found it challenging to choose!  The won ton soup was off-the-charts good!  For my entree, I went with the General Tso's "chicken," which probably wasn't what I should have ordered; I found it too salty for my taste, and I prefer dishes with tons of veggies (so my ill choice was my own fault). This dish was not bad, certainly, but not something I'd slap my mother about.  The imitation chicken is substantial and filling, if not a bit on the squeaky side, as far as consistency goes, and perhaps a tad dry.  The dish was served, however, with tons of brilliant green steamed broccoli, which was just heavenly.
Next time I'm in Philly, I will visit New Harmony again, for sure!  I definitely want to try the lunch buffet (which had just closed down when I stopped by at an odd time) and this amazing karaoke everyone keeps talking about.I first tried New Harmony last November on a weekend trip to Philly. I ordered a couple dim sum apptizers, the wonton soup and also a mock chicken dish.  All were tasty and I was particularly impressed with the variety on the menu.  As a vegan, it seems that its not that hard to find vegan options at many Chinese restaurants-- there are usually at least a few vegetable dishes and mock meat dishes to chose from at the restaurants i have been to.  But never have I seen an entire vegan menu-- complete with appetizers, entrees, dim sum, and even dessert!  I wanted to try so much but of course neither my wallet nor my belly would let me, so I knew I would have to come back in the future. 
So, this past Sunday when I found myself in Philadelphia once again, I stopped by New Harmony and ordered several dishes as carry out to take home with me.  
I ordered wonton soup, spare ribs, chicken satay, fried shrimp balls, steamed dumplings, pork buns, basically all sorts of appetizers I normally don't find vegan versions of!  And once again I was not let down.  Even my carnivious boyfriend was impressed with the vegan chicken! I also ordered the Singapore Noodles, and was delighted with them! The prices are good, the service is great and I can definitely see why this place is so popular. 
I can't wait to go back to Philly again soon, I know for sure New Harmony will be on our list of go-to spots for Vegan food when in the city of Brotherly Love!I'm just in town for work, but someone recommended this on Facebook. I'm so glad they did! I am gluten free and vegan and was craving good Chinese food. I had the sesame chicken which was tofu done with rice flour, and also had the potato pancakes. Absolutely delicious! The owners son waited on me, and he was awesome! So helpful, and so friendly. I can't wait to come back!Still coming back a decade later, so something must be good! A favorite dish is the one that resembles beef with broccoli--lots of broccoli with a wheat gluten-looking "meat" that was really good. 
If you don't eat shrimp but wish you could, their imitation shrimp is eerily like the real thing in look and texture. 
I loved the green beans, too. 
I'd recommend this to folks skeptical about vegetarian cuisine. It should win them over.NOT DIM SUM! This is a small, mediocre vegetarian buffet at best. Overpriced for what it offers, about 12 items like fried dough and lo mein. Is this really 4 star quality food in Philly!?!?Best vegan Chinese food in the city! The owner is super-friendly and very accommodating. I haven't had anything from here I didn't love. The beef and tofu hot pot is my favorite. The chicken wing appetizer is awesome! Oh, don't forget deep-friend cheesecake for dessert! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! They'll also deliver all the way to South Philly!Looking for delicious vegan Chinese food in Center City? New Harmony has served a vital role in the community as one of the first all-vegan restaurants in Philadelphia. Always excellent food and service. And so many choices! General Tso's Chicken is a favorite.I went here this weekend for the first time with friends.  My friend is vegan and was excited for us to come while I was sceptical....OMG  the food was de-licious!! I'm going to bring my mom and sister soon. Only thing is the place is kind of small but the food made up for itI've been eating between Kingdom and New Harmony since 1997. Ming and his family are amazing folks. I unfortunately only come here once a year when visiting but they greet me like an old friend. 
As always the food was great on this visit. Wonton Soup, Beef Bun, Don's Delight and some Ice Cream!!!
Remember to support vegan family run businesses every chance that you get.really really love this place, the greatest veggie Chinese place ever, by far. so many vegan options, amazing crispy tofu, green beans, spring rolls and banana dessert. on a more quiet street of china town. servers are nice. my favorite spot hands down.It's about time I reviewed this place. I've been here many times, and it all started during my years attending University of the Arts back in 2003. I have never been a vegan, but had a couple of vegan friends who introduced me to the glory of this place. The food is delicious and very affordable. I've tried the all-you-can-eat dim sum, which is a great value, serving copious amounts of food in a constant flow. I've recently tried there Sunday night buffet which is also a great value. I believe this place is BYOB, which only adds to its credibility. The decor is nothing to write home about, but it's generally pretty peaceful inside. Some of my favorites are the scallion pancakes, general tso's, orange chicken, and the all-you-can-eat dim sum. The only caveat is that the food is very greasy, which isn't an issue for me. Just don't expect to find too many healthy options.While the only dish I felt warranted 5 stars was not my own, it was so good that it elevated New Harmony from a 3.4 or 4 to 5 star.
My boyfriend's mock shrimp (fried) with walnuts was excellent. He himself admitted it was great and he's an omnivore. He said he didn't taste like shrimp but it was really, really good. I, who haven't eaten shrimp in about 3 or 4 years, loved it so much that I ordered another to go.
What really elevated this dish was that, after eating mock shrimp in the best vegetarian restaurant in Hong Kong  (where I'm from) 3 times, I dismissed mock shrimp as ever being good enough to stand-in for the real thing. Granted, I tasted the shrimp without the batter, and it wasn't that great, but the texture was still good. **If you get the shrimp, get it fried**!! It also wasn't too covered in goopy cornstarchy sauce as most Chinese food in America are.
On to the other aspects of our dinner:
I had the wonton soup, which I'd rate 4/5. The broth was fabulous for veggie broth, but the wontons were too carroty and wierdly shaped. I liked the hot and sour soup I had at another visit better.
The steamed bean curd skins were good, but a little too chewy. The slightly sweet sauce, with little bursts of grated ginger, was delicious. I have to say the chewiness also held for the skins of the steamed dragon dumplings.
I've also had the fried duck, and it was really good - as close to duck as I could imagine. The roast pork buns are also pretty good, although the wrapper is a little too heavy on the dough compared to the filling for my tastes.
Another gripe would be that we brought white wine, but had to open it ourselves (we were given a bottle opener), and had to request a bucket of ice to chill it in. 
Negligible complaints, though, given the how great the fried shrimp dish was. This is a do not miss. Can't wait to return to try to $12 all you can eat dim sum deal!I do not understand all the great reviews for this place. We very excitedly came for veggie dim sum based on the reviews, and had perhaps the worst restaurant experience ever. Three of us tried 8-10 dishes and EVERYTHING was TERRIBLE! The scallion pancakes were good enough to have more than a couple bites, but everything else was borderline disgusting. We left all of it uneaten.I had once tried the $12 unlimited dim sum option at another vegetarian chinese place in Philly, but that was years ago. After looking at reviews on Yelp, I thought New Harmony would be a better bet. With an average 4-star rating after more than 100 reviews, you'd think it was a safe bet. The most I can say for it is that I have experienced better...in Philadelphia, no less.
The food was fine, but not great or even that good. Out of the many dishes we tried, I only really liked two (the fried tofu and the spring rolls), and the waiter seemed more interested in bringing us the most popular dishes rather than what we ordered. I'm sure the pork buns are popular, but I want the spinach dumplings, please. Thanks. Aside from pushing those dishes (even bringing us items we didn't order), the service was really good, and the tea was also good. For $12, it wasn't a bad meal, by any means, but it wasn't a 4-star meal by any means, either.Definitely hitting this place up with my boyfriend again next time I'm in Philly.  He's a vegetarian who opts not to go for imitation meat substitutes, but the General Tso's chicken here converted him. He's a fan now. 
We had dinner here last week. After driving into Philly, we wanted to have a nice dinner on our first night in the city. It was the perfect choice! We ordered:
- Hot 'n Sour Soup
- Fried Stuffed Taro Balls
- General Tso's Chicken
- House Special Mixed Vegetables
The place is pretty casual. Our waiter was very friendly and always checked in to see if we were enjoying our meal. 
Highly recommended for both vegetarian and non-vegetarian diners!I can't help but appreciate a restaurant where I can eat everything on the menu.  I happened in on a Sunday so I opted for the all you can eat buffet, so I could try a variety of options.  The spicy fake pork was yummy but most dishes were just okay and fairly heavy.  The buffet food was also not very hot.   As others have mentioned, this isn't health food but it's worth checking out esp if you are vegan or vegetarian.I had the dinner menu with a seaweed and bean curd soup, spring roll and hot pot.
The spring roll was nice - nothing special
The soup was excellent. Lots of seaweed and bean curd in a nice broth
But the hot pot was an amazing experience. The simulated meats and seafood were like nothing I have tasted before. Especially unique were the mock shrimp that had taste and texture of shrimp.
Overall a great experience and the owners are super nice too!!!this is the best veg restaurant, ever.  seriously.
ming is awesome.
i am hopelessly in love/lust with the walnut shrimp, phoenix chicken, mapo tofu, hot & sour soup, singapore noodles (especially with ham), and the new "pork" dish.  
in fact, i think i'll head over there tonight...It's a bad day in food when you sign up for Yelp just to write a bad review.
I don't need to tell the whole story, because it's a waste of breath, but it comes down to the owner calling me a liar and them not giving me all of my food. Super disappointed. What happened to customer service?  You may fair better if you eat in, but I will eat in and take out elsewhere.I recently had lunch here with some co-workers - some vegetarian, some not.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal.  I had the veggie general tso, wonton soup and fried banana.  I had some of my co-workers veggie cheesecake - which happened to be the most delicious thing I've ever tasted!  I can't wait to return.Vegans and vegetarians: I feel your pain.  Having tried to go veg a couple of times in my life, I know how unaccommodating the world can be.  As some others have remarked here, I'm still frankly surprised that the Philadelphia Yelp community, one that seldom fails me, would rate this place so highly.  I think it's a function of the fact that vegetarians overwhelmingly come to New Harmony, and those vegetarians appreciate a meatless variety that is simply unavailable at most restaurants.  For those of us who just want good food, look elsewhere.  
Four of us ordered the dim sum.  The ingredients were low-quality, and it was amazing how similar a lot of the things tasted.  The salad was basic and doused in cheap dressing.  A surprising amount of the items were deep-fried.  The pork buns weren't bad, and neither were the starter soups.  The dumplings could have experimented with various spices and flavors: Instead, they were all bland and stuffed with mostly cabbage.  It was as though the cooks didn't even bother to imitate the omnivorous analogue.  We ordered sesame chicken and it never came.  The desserts weren't bad, but they were also made of low-quality ingredients and mostly deep-fried.Pound for pound great value for your money, in regard to dinner special.  Ambiance was decent.  Phoenix chicken was good, vegetarian ham ok.How this place got such good reviews is a mystery to me. You get one star if I throw the food out, two if I eat it but it's bad. ONE STAR. 
It's not worth eating, I just threw it out and am choosing to eat nothing and apparently as I type this my partner is doing the same. I wish I could get my money back so I could order something else.This place will please any meat eaters. For instance, my sister needs her meat at every meal but when we eat at this place she will make it an exception. My family love their shrimps and walnuts. I must say, it's really good. The texture is similar to shrimps. I'm not sure if they still have the Sunday buffet available but it's a great experience to try out.
You can sample a varies of soups and dishes.
It's not the most healthiest vegan place but you can tell them how you want it cooked.This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants, especially since it is all vegan. We love the lemon faux hicken with broccoli, although I switch the broccoli for bean sprouts. The best vegetable fried rice ever! And the vegan vegetable pancakes are yummy! If you are vegan, you have to go here. Parking is a little rough, but eventually you will find a spot, try Arch Street.My friend went vegan for lent, and I'm a vegetarian, so naturally we decided to head over to New Harmony for a catch-up and a bite.  I used to come here all the time in highschool which is admittedly a while ago... but i decided it would be fun to venture back.
I never came here (or anywhere in chinatown) for the decor, but it seems to have diminished since my youth.  I sat down, and noticed that the table cloths and napkins must be the same as they were back in highschool.  They were stained, and faded, but clean!  In china town, we'll take it!  Definitly an easy place where they could kick up the experience a notch or two.
We BYO'ed and they were so confused.  We ended up ordering the juice drinks and adding our own vodka to it, but they weren't putting ice in the drinks... and lukewarm orange juice is pretty icky... but that may have been our fault for assuming that no liquor license = BYO?  
We got the dim sum for dinner which was a really fun way to dine.  We split a bunch of little things and they really didn't get annoyed at us as we kept ordering and ordering and ordering.  The food was delicious, but a lot more greasy than i remember.  The buns were a little weird.  I'd never tried them before, and it's not a food I'm familliar with, but they were pretty doughy and sweet which wasn't doing it for me.  
All in all, I'd come back here, or at least order take out.  They used to be on this high pedistool in my mind, and this experience brought them down a few notches, but they still got it!I'm not vegan nor vegetarian, but I am a huge fan of karaoke. We came here on a Saturday evening for a friend's birthday party around 7pm. We arrived and descended down the stairs into a private basement room, similar to a high school house party setting. You'll need to forgive the decor and overall "charm" of the place. The napkins were frayed and the dishes and utensils had a fog of something on them. There were 16 people at the table and the room probably could have fit another 10 or so. For 20 bucks each, platters of the following were served family style to the table: vegetarian spring rolls, scallion pancakes, walnut imitation jumbo shrimp, mock beef with broccoli, roast "pork" fried rice, "chicken" lo mein, tofu that tasted like general tso with green beans, and fortune cookies. I'm not usually a fan of mock or imitation meats, but New Harmony did a nice job with these dishes. My favorites by far were the scallion pancakes and "pork" fried rice. There was plenty of food for everyone and the karaoke was a lot of fun.
We had our run of the basement with private bathrooms for about 4 hours. It is a BYOB and a cake was also brought for the birthday girl. We were loud in the basement and I'm not certain it was appreciated by the people dining upstairs, but for us it was a great time! For a group celebration setting and karaoke experience, New Harmony is more like 4 stars. For food alone, it is A-OK.So. Many. Great. Options.  Seriously? Fried vegan cheesecake is a MUST.  Also, I love the veggie dumplings so so so much and the BBQ ribs are great. This is my favorite asian-vegan restaurant of them all.This place is definitely and unsuspecting hole-in-the-wall, but the food and service are great. The vegan dim-sum is insanely cheap and yummy. As a non-vegetarian, I've struggled to find vegetarian food that I find delicious and satisfying and this place takes the cake. 
The menu is eclectic, with lots of fried and steamed/healthy options. They have a great dessert menu too, with fried vegan cheesecake and fresh fruit smoothie. You can eat yourself stupid with a $24 dollar all-you-can-eat menu for 2. This option is my favorite cause than you try a little bit of everything. Even though I used to balk at meat-substitutes, New Harmony taught me that if they can be delicious if well prepared!Such a disappointment!! I thought this food would be to die for! My non vegan mom suggested this place, she said the food here was great! The reviews here was good as well! She and yelp was horribly WRONG! I ordered the shrimp, the host suggested it was disgusting! The general tos, nasty as well! The best thing was the veggie delight, which was the simplest of the three trays ordered. Never again will I go to this place! The host was nice and I received free fried bananas, that he drowned in Aunt Jamama's syrup! This had to be the nastiest vegan food I've ever had! NEVER AGAIN !Never go anywhere else for Chinese food, especially if you're a vegan or a vegetarian.
Everything is great. My favorites are the veggie burger, drumsticks, vegetable pancakes, beef and curry hot pot, duck with broccoli... New Harmony has my favorite dessert EVER - raspberry fried cheesecake. It is perfect.
Also, Ming is cool.We ordered delivery, and we thought the food was really good; my only complaint was no rice came with the sweet & sour 'chicken'.Wait. This Chinese place is Kosher? Yes, I can now bring my observent Jewish family/friends to the Chinese food scene party. 
If you are not a vegetarian, I would pass on the "mock" shrimp. It's just a little weird in texture for me. But the flavor profiles are all wonderful. 
To Do:
LUNCH SPECIALS
Eggplant 
Dim Sum (Tapa) selections 
Don't: 
Mock meat. Just stick the vegetarian options. UNLESS it's the MOCK DUCK. For some reason, I can get behind this bean curd this!Vegetarian version of Chinese food heaven :-P Very wide selection of vegan chicken, pork, duck, steak, shrimp and more! Makes it for an interesting experience to eat endless meatless kinds of meat. Wide array of tastes. Mostly heavy dishes as Chinese food would be. 
They offer Vegan all you can eat buffet on Sundays from 5:30pm...I am completely in love with this place. Considering that fact that I am a red meat & potatoes kind of girl, that's saying alot. My first time here was for my belated birthday dinner with my friend. The atmosphere was really relaxed and while waiting for the food, I was just walking around the restaurant looking at the selling artwork on the restaurant's walls. The waiter was really friendly and welcoming. I was a bit skeptical about the kosher food at first. Fake General T'so chicken seems a bit weird but it was really amazing. It isn't your typical general t'so. Rather than than the normal hot and spicy red sauce, my little fried "chicken" balls came along with a bowl of brown gingerly sauce which was just as amazing. The spring rolls was good (along with the ocean of duck sauces I used) and the vegan chocolate cheesecake is a must have. I came back several times after that; and I called for delivery a couple times too (when i have that craving in the middle of work). Next time I'm going there, I'm definitely going to take advantage of their all you can eat dim sum.We have a tried a couple other vegetarian Chinese restaurants and this is by far the best!! The walnut faux shrimp was amazing. I couldn't believe that it wasn't real shrimp. Can wait to go back for our yearly Christmas tradition :)This place is ground zero for veggie Chinese food. I don't go to New Harmony for the decor or the service (not that there is anything wrong with either), I go for DIM SUM and a huge menu that I can eat everything on. 
I like the dim sum/appetizers best - wonton soup, dumplings, spring rolls. The main dishes are tasty but they all kind of have the same flavor; the beef and broccoli is my favorite. 
The servers are attentive and nice, and the tea is a welcome touch. Round up a bunch of hungry friends, order some dim sum, and knock yourself out.Great menu but service isn't always. Just have to let them know when you are ready to order and when you want the check. It's. Great find for good vegan Chinese food in the area.the "beef" bun was tasty, like chashao bao. But the wonton soup and steamed chicken with black mushrooms were over salted. The "chicken" was very chewy and had an off-flavor. I've had my share of faux-meat, and this did not taste very fresh.Visited this place for lunch one fine afternoon as I was on the search for a new go to veg/mock meat/soy/tofu spot when visiting Philadelphia since after my last disappointing visit to my other go to spot, Veggie Lovers around the corner from here wasn't up to my liking. Upon first impression into the place, it seems a bit dingy and questionable but after my meal arrived, it lived up to my satisfaction in terms of portions, price and taste and service.
I ordered the lunch special of General Tso Chicken with brown rice and a wonton soup - all in at $6.95. The soup was small with 3 little wontons filled with crispy pieces of vegetables like cabbage and carrots swimming in a peppery flavored broth. Besides the size, i felt that the soup wasnt hearty enough. For that you may be better off with the sweet and sour soup which is the other option available in the lunch special. The General Tso arrived with plenty of mock chicken pieces and medium sized pieces of broccoli florets all bathed in a sweet and spicy brown sauce. As I enjoyed the heaping portion, I felt justified in ordering more for the road. I then ordered the Chicken Lo Mein and another lunch special of curry chicken and sweet and sour soup which I have yet to taste. After the soft, fried, and flavourful experience of their chicken, it's safe to say that it stands eons apart from their competitor around the way. The rice a little dry but as it always is only the side..New Harmony deserves an overall 4 star experience.New Harmony and Kingdom of Vegetarians used to be owned by the same people. I'm not sure if this is still the case.
Completely unrelated, but because of a feud between my friend and his ex. he was only allowed to go Kingdom and she was only allowed to go to New Harmony. Out of respect I chose to honor the treaty as well. Now that the 5 year ban has been lifted and after reading some recent  reviews on the decline of Kingdom, I have decided to return to New Harmony.
In my opinion the food wasn't quite as good as previous years but its still one of my favorite places to get Chinese food. Everything is vegetarian. The lunch specials are cheap and have just enough food to fill you up without having to carry home leftovers. I always get the hot and sour soup and General Tso's "chicken".It was 10 PM when we finally got out the door and we needed to eat fast.  After reading reviews, New Harmony sounded like just the place!
Upon entering, you'll find that the place is decorated in the fashion of typical Chinese restaurants (lots of mirrors, fake plants, gold things).  We were seated in the back area which was nice and cozy, the lighting was almost too dark, but I liked it.  
The menu is pretty basic, it looked like for dinner they offered $12 dinner specials (standard chinese food items general tsos "chicken", "beef" w/ broc, etc) that come with soup and an egg roll, and in the back of the menu had meals for 3-4 or 4-5 people, which included a variety of entrees, soup, scallion pancake, and dessert.  
We got the dinner for 3-4 ($38) and it was pretty good, details here:
1st - wonton soup, extremely delicious! must get this if you go here. full   of yummy veggies, and the wontons are fantastic!
2nd - scallion pancake - comes with yummy sweet soy sauce mixture, 
 a little too deep fried for my taste, but it was still good.
Main courses: 
Beef w/ Broccoli- interesting sweet, airy texture, that was not that similar to beef but I can't really put my finger on the taste.  Broccoli was fresh.
Ham and Veggies- Ham was a little salty but surprisingly tasted a lot like a smoky ham. Veggies were tasty!
General Tsos- delicious! tastes frighteningly like the real thing.
Dessert- fried bananas- for me these weren't the best fried bananas i've ever had (esp. since i love the ones from thai restaurants) they came in little balls with too much breading and grease. only okay.
But, I'd come here again for sure to try out all the other tasty offerings. And it's pretty awesome that all the food is Vegan/Kosher.My favorite place to eat in the city. They have a wonderful staff and the food truly is incredible. Every dish I've ever tried has impressed me. There is something very humble about this place, it doesn't have to yell. I don't go here for ambiance or style, I go because it's the best. If I'm hitting a show at the Troc I always make sure to stop in.While here for business, I took off a few hours and walked to see the Liberty Bell. After walking three miles, it was lunch and I was starving. New Harmony was only half a mile from me, so walked that way. Smack dead in the middle of China Town, this restaurant feels like it's been there forever and probably had not ever remodeled since established.
Part of the charm was it's location and it's atmosphere inside. On a Saturday at lunch I sat right down and had food within fifteen minutes. I tried the spring roll, eggplant and tofu with black bean sauce and ordered a cheesecake to go just for fun. I'll try any vegan cheesecake I can get my hands on.
The spring roll wasn't as good as I've had. It came with a sweet sauce only, I think I would have liked a little Braggs or Soy sauce with it instead. The eggplant, however was a rich and impressive meal. Not too salty, the eggplant was cooked to perfection and paired were well with the black bean sauce, green bell peppers and onion. The plates here are enormous - there was no way I could finish it! 
I'm staring at the cheesecake now, sitting in my hotel room. I haven't yet taken a bite. Standby & I'll report back... Maybe that's not vegan.. I'm going to have to call and ask. Hmmm... 
I'd eat here again if I am back in Philly. Quick, quiet and out of the tourist area.. And vegan.. All big bonus points!!New Harmony deserves much more credit and attention than it receives. As a vegan, it's not only the food that keeps me coming back. It's the warm, down to earth staff who greet by name, take the time to get to know you, and are always cordial and polite; making Chinatown one of my favorite spots to visit in Philly. Ming, the chef and owner of New Harmony; has re-inspired my love for Chinese cuisine and I hope to be a lifelong guest at this cozy gem in arguably one of the most interesting neighborhoods in town.
I recommend the turnip cakes, and their mock-shrimp walnut dish. And of course the vegan pistachio ice cream.Interesting vegetarian place. I had no idea what I was in store for walking in. The menu looks completely like any other Chinese food menu except everything that includes a type of meat is imitation or mock meat! I tried some General Tso's chicken and it was surprisingly really really good; I was pleasantly surprised. I myself kept it simple and got the vegetarian fried rice which was decent but nothing too crazy. Next time I will at least order a vegetable dish, if not the mock meat!A party of 4, we all ordered the "all you can eat" dim sum for $12.  It's a lot of food and a tremendous value.  About one-third of the dishes were pretty good; the rest weren't really worth the calories.  
The soups, spring rolls, scallion and spinach pancakes, and fried bananas were fine.  I suggest you try al la carte.  Service was just fineNew Harmony looks like a jungle rainforest from the outside. The front window is filled with those plastic hanging vines that you can get at craft stores, but for some reason it doesn't look cheap... it looks like you are about to walk into an adventure story or something. I went for dim sum last night with a group of friends. For $10 per person, they will keep the food a-comin' until you beg for mercy.  Vegetable fried rice, spring rolls, beef buns (my personal favorite that makes me giggle to say), hot and sour soup, sesame chicken, sesame beef, scallion pancakes.... and more and more and more... all vegan! The staff is extremely friendly and accomodating though you have to ask for a knife and spoon... which is odd... I guess they only like forks?Well I'm not a vegetarian but I do like this place.  You kind of have to know what to get though.  Ask the guy in the red blazer, he'll know what to recommend if you are a first-timer.  I would recommend the General Tso or the Phoenix Chicken, they are great safe picks.  I really enjoy the Wonton soup here, the broth is incredibly delicious.  If you are really hungry the dinner special 3 course dinner will fill you up nicely.Um, this is my favorite restaurant EVER. I live 1.5 hours from Philly and still drive there pretty regularly. If you're vegan and you miss that greasy, authentic Chinese take-out, GO HERE. I love the veggie pancakes. They serve them with a ranch sauce and it's like this little plate of greasy vegetable goodness WITH RANCH SAUCE OH MY GOD. Their spring rolls are my favorite. The sesame "chicken" is so good. The buffet is decent but they won't have the very best of the menu on the buffet line, so I recommend coming a week night when it's not too busy and ordering from the regular menu, and also coming for the buffet to decide which you like better. AND THEN COME FOR THE DONUTS. You'll end up spending your whole paycheck there but it will be worth it. Also, take your friends and a cheap bottle of wine and it will be the most fun you've ever had. Promise.I like eating here in person but find the takeout not as yummy. You also have to be careful about what you order. They have good suggestions. Call them to order delivery because the restaurant has better prices in person than on menu pages or grub hub. I like their special whatever platter.Found this gem while on a quick trip to Philly. This is a little home in the wall place a little way off the main drag, but easily walkable from the downtown hotels and landmarks. Everything here is vegetarian, so figuring out what to order was a struggle (I don't usually have more than 2 options). The food was delicious. Service was good. It looks like it is truly a family run place. Better Chinese food than I have found in DC. I would definitely come here again. 
Also, try the mock duck! It was delicious!When a couple vegetarian friends came to visit, it seemed like the perfect time to try out New Harmony.  We steered clear of any imitation meat, but still had plenty of options.  We started with the Steamed Vegetable Dumplings and enjoyed the sweet Steamed Vegetable Buns. Our favorite entree was the perfectly cooked and very tasty Eggplant and Tofu with Garlic Sauce.  The Buddha Delight Pan Fried Noodles had well-prepared noodles, but needed more substantial vegetables.  Overall, a great option when you want vegetarian Chinese food.Great meal! I'm not a vegetarian and very much enjoyed the food. I had the "fish" with vegetables in ginger sauce dinner special, which came with soup, appetizer, and dessert.
I will definitely be back.Awesome food.. was in Philly in June when we stumbled across your restaurant. Fell in love with your food. Unfortunately, we walked to your place last night and were disappointed when we discovered you are closed on Wednesday's. Not to fear we will be back to Philly and to your wonderful food again soon..I visited Harmony just because my roommate, who is vegetarian, said that this vegetarian Chinese restaurant served food that tasted just like real meat. I could not believe it so we went to dinner there.
She was right. This little, unassuming Chinese restaurant that looks like a million other Chinese food places, serves up delicious Chinese dishes with substitute meat and they taste almost the same!
I had to ask the waiter just to make sure that my General Tso's "Chicken" really wasn't chicken. It was so disconcerting. If all vegetarian food tasted like this, I feel like I could be one too!Haven't eaten here in a few years but I know when I used to frequent it it was great.  I am not a vegetarian by nature but I gotta say this is some good eats whether u is a meat eater or not.So much fun! Came here with a big group of friends one night right before the snowicane hit for Dim Sum and karaoke (in our own private room).   I must say it was worth it!  I don't remember off the top of my head every single dish that was brought to our table, but it tasted great, granted it was fake meat.  A must for vegans, vegetarians and carnivores looking to expand their horizons!I love New Harmony!  This place is a staple for my friends and I.  We go here almost every Sunday night for dim sum and have never been disappointed.  My husband and I also get take out or delivery pretty frequently and Ming and staff never let us down.  Whether you're vegan/kosher or not I highly recommend New Harmony.  
YUM!yum yum yum! Took the advice of a friend and finally gave this place a shot - so mad at myself for waiting this long! Food was soo good and they were extremely accommodating and great service! i can't wait to bring more people here so they can experience the awesomeness of being veg. i approve.Over the years I have heard so much about this place. Local Philly punk band Anal Sausage even went as far to write a song about this establishment. I finally went with a friend of mine and we got the all you can eat buffet meal. i have to say it was pretty darn good. I especially liked the banana things or whatever they are called. I would definately go back to this joint if grabbing a meal with a vegetarian friend.Walnut Shrimp and General Tso's Chicken are better than the real thing!Enjoyed my visit! Had the Kung Pao "chicken" and it was filled with crunchy vegetables and not too greasy- it could have been a lot spicier. The hot and sour soup was decent, but the pancake was greasy. The service was friendly and the prices very reasonable.Very mediocre food, I felt sick eating it... I think its the oiliness. Also- terrible ambiance and service.I went here for dinner tonight and was quite happy with the experience.  The service was phenomenal.  The staff was very attentive and professional.  The menu is huge, all veggie and very reasonably priced.  The decor is a bit dated, but rather nice otherwise.  Cloth napkins, complementary tea, warm towel after your meal.  I would give it 4.5 starts if I could, but since I can't I'm giving it 5 stars is because my meal (beef and broccoli) was a little bland.  The wonton soup and spring rolls were delicious.  I really wanted to try a dessert, but as usual was too full.  I definitely plan on going back to try something else.Three appetizers, three entrees, three desserts. The bill? $46
The breakdown goes like this:
Scallion pancake- too deep fried, not enough scallion.
Steamed vegetable dumplings- perfect.
Donut wrapped in rice noodle- (crapshoot) very interesting, tastier than expected.
Tofu and eggplant- highly recommended, first dish on the table to be cleared.
Chicken with broccoli- if you find out what the "chicken" is made of and stop pretending that it's chicken, it tastes a lot better. It's just tofu. The broccoli was fresh and yummy.
Vegetable fried rice- like licking a block of salt. A very addictive block of salt.
Pistachio ice cream- Delish.
Fried banana- Hell yeah.
Plum cakes- Pass. 
And it's BYOB! Between four people, we had more than enough food at less than $15/pop. Can't wait to go back.I am a strict carnivore and I have to say - this place rocks. The General Tsao's was very life like indeed. Their food is great, but the place is too dark, I almost thought they were closed.
Yummmmmmm!You really can't go wrong with new harmony. Their entire menu is vegan offerings of all your favorite non vegan options lol Their "pork" fried rice is killer and the sweet and sour "chicken" is spot on!I'm a carnivore. But when I want to eat well without feeling like I'm eating cardboard, New Harmony is my go to place. Their dishes are always full of flavor and really filling. I've had their General Tso's "chicken" and eggplant in black bean sauce. I haven't been disappointed yet!Since I became a Vegan 7 years ago this has been my favorite restaurant in Philly. The Sesame "beef" is absolutely incredible as is the all-you-can-eat dim sum!I'm a huge fan of dim sum, but my girlfriend is a vegetarian so it limits our options. We found this place and now our lives are complete! Everything we had was good, but you MUST try the Coconut Triangles! The only thing that we wouldn't order again is the Scallion Pancake because it was far too doughy and didn't have much scallion in it. Otherwise, you can't go wrong with anything on the dim sum menu. The staff was friendly and glad to answer questions. We'll be visiting again!I've been trying vegetarian eating lately and was happy to find my way to a review on New Harmony. The reviews truly don't do it justice. The only reason why this was 4 and not 5 stars is because, when I went there for lunch today,  the lights were off and it was a bit warm.  Also, I didn't care much for the wonton soup.I ate the beef bun and general tso's chicken and was quite pleased.I love this place I've been coming for years and I'm not even a vegan. My favorite thing to eat is the scallion pancakes! The best deal is the lunchbox special with the "chicken" and sweet and sour rice. I love beheading good where you don't miss the meat(haha)and this it's one of this places.4 stars on average?! Something must be wrong. The service is really nice and the prices are decent on one hand. On the other hand the three main downsides are: the food does not taste good, the decor is not beautiful and the toilets aren't that clean. Most of the items on the menu seem to be based on mock beef ot mock chicken which might not suit people who eat vegan but still are not frustrated with the idea of not having meat, especially since those pieces of fake meat don't taste good, at all. I ordered a soup that was not good (not horrible though exept the fake chicken that was indeed terrible.It was closer to no taste than bad taste) and my friend had something else - I don't remember what - that was not better. Once again service is nice so don't run away from this place, but don't expect it to be good or great.I highly recommend their VIP room for a special event. It's a spacious room in the basement with it's own restrooms and Karaoke (via youtube) on a large screen TV with two microphones. The food was served family-style and it's BYOB so we brought our own cooler. Everyone had a great time, from the kids to the grandparents!Delicious food and super friendly service.  The Dim Sum is super tasty and a great value.  They also have the most amazing vegan cheesecake that is just to die for.After a lackluster experience with delivery, I went to New Harmony and am now a huge fan! Fried tofu skin knots, anything mock shrimp, and satay beef are some of my favorites.Wonderful service, excellent menu. All of their vegetarian food is good enough to make a carnivore like myself give up meat, entirely, if I knew my food would taste that good.The fake pork buns rock my planet. Also, you can never go wrong with any of their chicken or eggplant dishesThe only positives I can give this place include the all vegan options and good attitude and service.  On the major downside....horrible tasting food, very divey, and questionable restroom.  I have had wonderful vegetarian Chinese food that is authentic.  I would never come here again.This is the most disgusting and gross Chinese food I've ever had in my entire life. Just to give you a backstory, I am vegan and Chinese. So I know what good Chinese food is, I know what good vegan food is, and I know what good vegan Chinese food is. New Harmony is as far from good vegan Chinese food as the Sun from Pluto. 
We had the steamed vegetable buns, pan fried vegetable dumplings, orange beef and broccoli, wontons, spare ribs, and steamed bean curd skin rolls. 
Verdict?
Steamed vegetable buns: dough was gummy and rough, not soft and fluffy like it should be and the filling had a single piece of cabbage in it. That's it...just the one piece. 
Fried vegetable dumplings: greasy and the filling was bland bland bland. 
Orange beef: first of all, orange beef and broccoli isn't really Chinese food. Second of all, this was sugary sweet and gross and the broccoli was too raw. 
Wontons: greasy and came with a sauce that was probably watered down Red 40 
Spare Ribs: greasy and just disgusting
Steamed bean curd rolls: greasy (see the trend yet?) and covered in a gross goopy sauce
It was so bad that I could eat a bite or two of every dish. It was just so awful. Even their tea was terrible! I'm sorry; I hate to hate on my fellow Chinese people, but I feel like their food does a disservice to Chinese food everywhere. 
AND, my poor tummy hurt afterwards. I have an iron stomach, so if my tummy is hurting, I guarantee you that someone less sensitive than me is puking their guts up with the same meal.My friends and I are known for randomly craving an all you can eat dim sum New Harmony trip filled with vegan dumpling upon vegan dumpling.  And scallion pancakes. And mixed vegetables. And I don't know what, but it's vegan so let's try it anyway.
Even my self proclaimed manly, meat loving friend adores the eerily realistic beef buns.
Other points:
-The all you can eat used to be $10, but you know, we're in a recession, so now it's 12.
-Speedy service.
-Uh, ketchup bottles full of more sodium/soy sauce?
-Extensive menu.
-Jumbo Walnut Shrimp (get it)! 
-Also carries Vegan Treats cheesecakes for dessert, though you'll probably be too full from dinner.I would not feed this to my dog...I mean that. I spent $35 on delivery and it went right in the trash. Do not waste your money this place is a joke.Sunday night buffet between 6-8pm. The best (well, only) vegan buffet of which I am aware. Everything is delicious and I want it constantly and it is sad because I am not there right now drowning in their food. I am hungry while writing this now. :(
People complain about the price at $15, but you literally can't eat this much vegan grub for cheaper. Assuming this much translates to the infinite-turned-later-dying-of-the-itis amounts that I can stomach :). 
Not even sure what to mention since I don't really know what I ate. I literally took multiples of every single dish and just devoured. So good. Licked plate clean. 
Oh, and this is KOSHER! That is a big deal, since Philly is limited to maybe three decent kosher restaurants. This is amazing. Must go back every day...well...Sunday!Never coming back here again. I ordered sesame chicken, dragon dumps, and pork lo mein. sesame chicken came in three different containers, one containing overly fried crisps of mock chicken, one with broccoli and another with their sad excuse for sesame sauce. Nasty. The lo mein was alright, but the pork was pretty gross. Dumplings were super bland. Not impressed with any of my food. It's sad because I used to love this place.This is pretty much the best place ever. I'll come right out and say that it is the most amazing vegan restaurant I've ever been too.
The fact that everything on the menu is vegan (and Kosher) is astounding. Seriously, this is not your regular fried tofu square joint. They take every meaty Chinese entree you've ever loved, veggiefy it, and make it 10 times better. I promise.
You haven't lived until you've had their General Tso's Chicken. The "chicken" is made with seitan (a meat substitute made of wheat gluten), deep fried and smothered in a sauce that will send you straight to heaven. There are also a series of "ham" and "beef" entrees that are absolutely lick your plate amazing. For starters, try some of the vegetarian wonton soup or some spring rolls. To finish, melt into some vegan cheesecake. Not very Chinese, but hey, it's a vegan party up in here.
(For the record, this place was a huge factor in me going vegan back in high school. I had been considering going from vegetarian to vegan for a while, but wasn't sure there would be enough of a variety of food options available to keep me interested. After dining here one day with some vegan friends, I fell in love, became inspired by the possibilities, and soon after took the plunge. It was that good. Okay, granted I'm no longer vegan-- BUT I don't live near Harmony anymore, so it figures....)
Go now-- You can thank me later.Not the worst I've had, but very far from the best. Ordered delivery- the pics of the dine-in plates look much better than what we received for delivery. The delivery bag was soaking wet of sauce everywhere. The dumplings we got were like giant sloppy shumai instead of dumplings. You couldn't pick them up bc they crumbled into pieces. They came with brown wilted cabbage leaves pasted on them which I had to peel off and therefore peeled off the thin mushy "dumpling" skins. Taste was as bland and disappointing they looked. General tsos chicken was ok, but why do I have to mix the sauce on myself? Only one tiny pint of white rice that wasn't even full, and not the usual Chinese white rice. When I couldn't stomach any more of the blehhh food I thought oh I'll just eat rice, but there was no more because my husband ate it all. Pork lo mein was also disappointing. The pork didn't taste like pork. It looked like it, but there was no flavor. Pork buns were barely full of filling. 90% bread. Wonton soup might have been the best thing I ordered, but the broth was brownish green colored and thank god tasted better than it looked. Wontons were ok. Whatever skins they use on their dumplings and wontons is so soggy and mushy though. I'll never order or eat here again. Still looking for my go-to Chinese place. Ugh.Came in here for a quick bite from their buffet. The food was eh, the fake meat was terrible and ultra processed, why would people eat that crap? I would rather eat just plain veggie minus the fake chicken, beef, shrimp and pork. The fake general taos chicken was terrible! It was dry and chewy. The shrimp had the consistency of fish balls and had no flavor. If you're looking for a tasty healhy meal, this is not the place. Oh and on top of it, the place is a dump, with a bathroom that's dark and had sticky floors.. EwwwAlways fast service, fresh food, great selection and the owner Ming is as awesome as it gets.  He recently, in his own handwriting, marked every dish on the menu whether it was steamed or fried.  Thats just awesome.  It is all VEGAN, but I take carnivores who also can't get enough.
LOVE IT.
Make sure you get to the sunday dinner buffet for the best all you can eat asian selection in the city.Freshly prepared, unique items -- in a veggie restaurant, you expect the vegetables to be fresh, crisp and shine, and they do.  We love taro, and they do a very nice taro ring with vegetables.  A unique find and one to come back to often.  Very much worth the walk from the main drag of Chinatown.I wasn't sure if I wanted to be vegan permanently until I ate at New Harmony.  I was never a fan of mock meat so my diet consisted of primarily fruits and veggies.  Since then, I've gone back numerous times for both lunch and dinner.  Their food is amazing.  I only wish I lived closer.
I'm taking a friend of mine here for her birthday dinner tonight.  She recently went vegan so I hope she'll be lured in by dim sum like I was. :)My bf was vegan and always talks about this place as one of the best places to get vegan food in the city.  He hadn't been there in a while so we stopped in.  We ordered the $12 pp dim sum menu so we could have a little bit of everything.  
We got dumplings, pork buns, turnip cake, wonton and sweet and sour soup, fried bananas, scallion pancakes, tofu and broccoli.  
The whole table of food came out in a tan spread - everything was tan, battered and fried.  I'm not against fried food, but the oil they used to fry the food in could be tasted with each bite.  I'm not sure if it just hadn't been changed recently, but it coated the roof of my mouth and left a bad aftertaste.  I barely ate anything.  
Honestly I was surprised because I've only heard good things about this place, but I was seriously disappointed. Eating vegan shouldn't mean covering everything in a layer of grease to make it taste better.I have to update my review 5 years later just to say that I can't stop eating the salad and seaweed tofu soup! 4 times last week! Ming and his family are awesome people and participated in Dining Out for Life this year- an evening when 33% of the food bill is donated to organizations that provide services to people living with and affected by HIV/AIDS. Please support New Harmony!!!Not upscale in price or appearance, but most certainly earns five stars for flavor and super-attentive customer service!
This is my favorite Chinese vegan restaurant-I eat here once a week or more, and haven't had anything that wasn't prepared beautifully. The staff is always welcoming and will modify dishes to your taste-don't hesitate to ask. For example, if you want something steamed instead of fried, you will be kindly accommodated. Although all the standard Chinese fare is here, you should seek out the unusual-that's where the chef really shines. There is a dizzying array of items on the menu, but standouts include: Spinach dumplings (the spinach adds a lovely subtle green aroma to the wrappers), Chicken-Ginseng soup (never had this anywhere else-it's rich with Chinese herbs, including antioxidant-rich Tibetan goji-berries), mock "Ginger Fish," (the seaweed wrapping adds just the right piquancy to the soy fish, the ginger sauce really sparkles!) - don't miss Seafood Hot Pot or any of the shrimp dishes - and you can't go wrong with Mongolian Pork, or Orange Beef. Too many excellent choices make this a vegan's paradise, and even omnivores will find something to satisfy.This was my introduction to mock meats and I have to say, if I wasn't taken here by a few vegans I wouldn't have believed it was fake. I wasn't a big fan of the Sesame Beef  (as I've mentioned in other reviews, mock beef doesn't quite hit the mark the way mock chicken does), but General Tso's Chicken was delicious. I don't get to Philly too often now that my main contacts there moved much closer (Brooklyn), but if I'm ever back, I am definitely inclined to stop by again.I have really been craving vegan asian food recently, and been looking around (literally everywhere I visit in the country) for good ones. I think my favorite one so far is in college park, maryland, and it's called Ovo.
Anyways, back to this place. I came in with high hopes, and was pretty unhappy with the turnout. The fried wontons had barely any filling, and the faux-pork buns did not seem like they were freshly prepared.
I got the lemon "chicken", and while the protein was pretty good it came with this nasty breading that I had to remove by hand. The fried noodles were a big downer.
I think this place could do a lot better if they had fewer options on the menu, and specialized in making those great. For example, focus on a few proteins, a few good appetizers, and have everyone leaving happy. With so many options to choose from, people get really variable experiences.Xu Sing is better, but some dishes here are good. some are just tasteless or are trying to hard to be "beef", "shrimp"... you get the idea.LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!! I was in philly for 5 days and I ate here twice with my non-veg boyfriend. He loved it too.
The people were really nice and friendly, the place was clean.
We tried: sesame chicken, orange chicken, pork lomain, fried rice, steamed pork dumplings, wonton soup, brown rice, vegan donut, and vegan cheesecake. Everything was really good and always enough to split or take home for left overs! They also gave us some free fried banana the 2nd time we were there which was very good. Vegan cheesecake was amazing but the donut was boring...get the cheesecake or fried banana!
I'm sad I won't be going back here soon :(I celebrated my most recent birthday by renting out the karaoke room with the all-you-can-eat dim sum for dinner. I highly recommend this for anyone looking for a fun group option for a party.  You can't beat the deal, only $15 a person for 3 hours of karaoke and a complete dinner!  The basement karaoke room is a bit small but easily holds about 20 people.  The service was super friendly and they left us alone except to bring the food, which was kind of heavy on the fried side but still really tasty.  BYOB was great for keeping things reasonably priced as well.  I would have another party here in a second.  Definitely a great choice for a creative party option for groups who aren't afraid to sing!This place was pretty run down, the food was decent enough. If your a strict vegetarian you have the freedom to order anything from the menu. I just couldn't get past the lack of cleanliness factor.The best vegan Chinese restaurant EVER! 
The menu is so extensive- it has options for everyone whether you like mock chicken, beef, pork, seafood, tofu, or fresh veggies. And there's desserts and smoothies too! :)Went here with my family for dinner.
Two of us got the all you can eat dim sum, and another got General Tso's "chicken." The food was very good. The buns were tasty. I could pass on the dumplings. The tofu skin rolls were amazing. The sesame "beef" was oddly delicious. So was the soup.
The service was friendly. A little distracted with other restaurant chores, but not too much of an issue since it wasn't to busy while we were there.
I'd definitely go back for some fun dim sum.New Harmony is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. They offer great lunch deals, buffets on Sunday, all-you-can-eat dim sum special for $12 and the best vegetarian egg rolls in the city.
        Last Saturday we ordered the dim sum special and were blown away. We were brought out soup, several appetizers and a huge pot filled with dum sum. To top it off, we were given an amazing apple/pineapple desert. Though there were just two of us, we could have probably fed four people with the generous portions.
    If you a vegetarian or a carnivore, I am sure you will find New Harmony's food and service worthy of your dining dollars.New Harmony is a good place for takeout of delivery, the ambience isn't really up to par for a night out though. I love the food, especially the sesame chicken appetizer and the cold sesame noodles. Honestly, I could probably eat an entire meal comprised of their apps menu. I am also a huge fan of the ham fried rice though, so maybe not.  Delicious soups too and parking is usually available across the street so you can run in an pick up your order, which is handy after a long day of work and class when you just don't feel like cooking.My friend and I were checking out the Chinese Lantern Festival and wanted to grab lunch. We are both vegetarians, so we decided to try New Harmony.
First of all, the lunch specials were available even on a Saturday. With the low price of $7, we figured the portions would be tiny. Nope!
She ordered hot and sour soup with the eggplant and tofu with garlic sauce entree. I ordered won ton soup (which I haven't had in years on account of not eating meat) and sesame mock chicken. We split everything, ate until we exploded, and still had leftovers. When the $15 check came, I couldn't believe we just ate a specialty diet lunch, in the city, for $20 with tip!
Even the water was good. And the service was friendly and fast. I will definitely be back to try everything on the menu!Mm! Delicious, delicious, delicious American-Chinese delivery! I loved the fried banana, vegan general tsao's chicken, and moo shoo vegetables. And we even got vegan ice cream for desert! Great.I haven't been here in a few years and when I did, I only did takeout so that is what I am basing my review on.
The people that I interacted with were nice and friendly. The dishes are too pricey for me and the most expensive entree I purchased for takeout was the sesame chicken, which I don't recommend if you'll be eating somewhere without a table. However, it IS really good, especially since I am a fan of the ever popular Chinese takeout dish, sesame chicken. Since I'm not a big eater and I don't bring in big bucks, I am a big big fan of their pork balls. Delicious! I miss it already.
I rarely go into Chinatown anymore but I hope to check this spot out again, maybe be more diverse in my next meal.This place really wasn't good at all. Mostly disgusting food that's highly fried and greasy. The place feels like a high-horse take out place. I really can't recommend a place where anything that's meant to be a duck is served with the radioactive red sauce served with sweet-and-sour nondescript meat at take out places. Go to other restaurants within these few blocks where the food is better, more vegetarian friendly, and certainly much more authentically Chinese.I really loved the people and I really loved the ambiance but I did not love the food.  The lemon chicken was good and the general Tso was alright but it would help if you could get rid of that after taste every dish has. I'd go here again but not my first choice because of that after taste. Once you fix that, you'll be five stars!All you can eat vegan dim-sim. Hell Yeah! Unlike some places, New Harmony actually lets you order from the dim sum menu, which means that you can fill-up on your favorites and skip the things that are over-filling and don't excite you much (pork buns, ahem). The restaurant has somewhat better lighting than comparable places, the service was excellent, and it's BYOB. Some of the dim-sum was a little hit-or-miss, but they did my favorites (tofu skin, dragon rolls, spinach rolls) well.Best veggie foods, except the fried rice. Try the duck!
Carnivores and herbivores will fall in love with this place.Steak cube-hunan style was delicious and so many other items on the menu that it was hard to choose!
Vegan as well as nut free for many dishes so it works for allergy conscious...
Worth the drive, definitely some very good fare!I used to really love this place. Like, REALLY LOVE it.  I hadn't been here since 2008, and things have certainly changed.  But still thinking about the good ole days, I went in, feet first, and order 1/2 the darn menu. I shouldn't have.
The good.
SCALLION PANCAKES - dough-points filled (lightly) with scallions.  Good taste, but the sauce they now provide is boring and doesn't compliment the pancakes very well.
SESAME BALLS - more dough, but this one is filled with a red paste (I don't recall from what it's made; I think it's bean curd) and covered in sesame seeds.  So simple, yet so good.
CHOCOLATE CHEESECAKE - good. Very good! Chocolatey, creamy, and yummy. 
I could've saved myself $55 if I'd just stopped there... Where the goodness stopped.
The biggest let down was that Lotus Cakes Studio no longer makes their vegan cheesecakes. (She was THE BEST!) I don't know who makes their cheesecakes now, but... Not winning.  The regular cheesecake was off.  It just didn't taste good and it had a weird aftertaste that the chocolate one did not have.  I ordered 7 pieces of cheesecake (again, banking on my old memories of ghosts of awesomeness past), but didn't find out until I'd already paid for them that they were made by not-Lotus-Cakes-Studio. I take the blame for that.  I should've asked. 
I also got a variety of "chicken" dishes. Lemon chicken, which comes with pineapples (I'm still confused), General Tso, and chicken satay.  I wasn't impressed with any of these dishes.  They were lackluster, at best.  The broccoli that came with the lemon (pineapple) dish was excellent though.  Crunchy and flavorful.  Gobbled those right up. Maybe their faux-meat game was off that night. 
I hate when dreams are crushed.  This place just isn't what it used to be, unfortunately for me and my pockets.  Being that they are 100% vegan AND kosher, I hope they improve and get Lotus Cakes (or Vegan Treats) on board for their desserts.  Hope isn't lost, just...side-tracked?
Located in the Chinatown section of downtown Philly on a oneway street, so if you pass it up you'll have to circle the block.  But it's very easy to spot, unlike a parking space.  Good luck with that.This place is amazing. My friend told me about it and I was not disappointed! I got the Walnut "Shrimp" and the taste was so on point that it was scary. I had the dinner special and it came with the wonton soup, spring roll, brown rice, and vegan ice cream. Everything was so good. The best Chinese I've ever had, vegan or not!Every time we eat at New Harmony, my husband and I shake our heads at the bill.  It's amazing the quality (and quantity) you get for such a low price!  The owner is one of the warmest people I've ever met in the business.  There's nothing like walking into a place and feeling like his favorite customer.  As the other vegetarians here have said, it's so great to know we can get anything on the menu, but we tend toward spring rolls, General Tso's "chicken," and Moo Shu "pork."  The Moo Shu is probably the star, but everything tastes fresh and is completely satisfying.
We've also gotten delivery, and it's always fast and tasty as well.  I haven't been there for an event yet, but they do have a "VIP" room for special events and the parties they host themselves.I've been coming here since 2006 and I have always loved the place.  I used to order so often that they knew who I was and never gave a name or address.  Sadly enough, I've been watching the reviews go down for this place.  Sometimes I even make the trip to Su Xing and split my loyalty.  But this time I have to say they are listening.  
The other day I went for lunch with a friend as I have regularly for a few years now and they are making changes. 
(1) They finally replaced the table cloths.
(2) Instead of the normal odd Chinese music, and I don't mean odd b/c it's Chinese but odd b/c it's odd for Chinese music, they were playing J-Z.  Hova was in full effect. 
(3) They had a hot pot of tea brewed and ready to go for us.
(4) Oddly enough there were more patrons speaking Chinese than English which to me is the hallmark of a good authentic Chinese restaurant and,  
(5) Best of all, the home style tofu that I normally order was really flavorful.  I have been ordering it for a long time and it's usually pretty subdued in flavor but this time there was spice and garlic and the tofu and vegetables were very fresh.  It tasted like a different recipe in a very good way! I can't wait to try everything else if they are making these kinds of changes to their recipes! 
I have to say my loyalty to New Harmony is reinvigorated.definitely the best vegan chinese in the philadelphia area.  i've lost count how many times i've eaten here, and i'd say maybe half of all our visits, we have gotten the jumbo walnut shrimp.  there's just something about the combination of flavors and textures that screams perfection.  the creamy mayonnaise-like sauce, the squishy but firm salty-fishiness of the shrimps and the sweetness and crunchiness of the walnuts paired with just the right amount of steamed broccoli.  mmm.
other favorites are the scallion pancakes and vegetable pancake (the latter isn't so much a pancake as a delicious clump of battered vegetables similar to tempura, but more clumpy and more crispy.)
the deep fried cheesecake sounds good on paper, but i don't think it's my thing.  i think i like the firmness of cheesecake, and deep frying it turns it to goo.  the deep fried bananas are much tastier, (and probably slightly better for you. heh)
another small thing that gets overlooked at other places is that the water here is filtered.  (philly tap water won't kill you, but it sure doesn't taste very good)  ming has thought of everything.I am a meat eater I am ! But... Their sesame chicken is yummyyy and make it a dinner special we have hit gold! Plus plus the fried banana is wonderful !Wow, pleasantly surprised! There was 1 server for maybe 8 tables, and he was very efficient and friendly. First time here. As a newer vegetarian, I still get to try things and be shocked or wowed, and this restaurant did not disappoint! I had eaten at Singapore Vegetarian (now closed, wahh) but I must say I like the flavors and textures here more. We had the dinner specials, and we chose the wonton soup and spring rolls as our appz. The wonton soup broth was very flavorful! The wontons themselves were fine. I added some of the spicy soy sauce and chili oil and it elevated the soup. The spring rolls were, also unexpectedly, awesome. And this coming from someone who doesn't really like spring rolls. The filling was mostly cabbage, but had good flavor. I ordered the General Tso's, which came in a beautiful cabbage leaf. Extra points for presentation. Also chose the brown rice, which is the good kind and not the crap kind. Hubby ordered the vegetable lo mein, which was probably the best veggie lo mein I've had. I'll be frank, I never really order veggie lo mein. Right now, I'm kinda envisioning like a shrimp lo mein but without shrimp as comparison. But this one had fun, wider noodles than traditional lo mein. The sauce was on point, and it wasn't greasy at all. I would order both entrees again. Some other commentary: place is pretty dim inside and can be a little off-putting, but the food made up for it. Bathroom was OK. The dinner specials said you can pick your choice of vegan ice cream or fried bananas, but our server just brought the fried bananas and fortune cookies without asking which dessert we wanted. I was kinda bummed bc I wanted to try the pistachio ice cream, but I was way too full to fight him. Portions are huge. $35 for 2 after tip. I will be back! Nom worthy.SUNDAY BUFFET, 
SUNDAY BUFFET, 
SUNDAY BUFFET!
If you couldn't guess, I suggest going here on a Sunday evening for the buffet. Of course, you can go any other day and enjoy every delicious aspect of their menu. Seriously, I never thought a mock shrimp would be as delicious as it was.
A perk of New Harmony? The eclectic group of people that frequent the restaurant and their dinner conversations. The tables are kind of close together so you're not going to have a lot of privacy while you chow down, but that also means you're probably going to hear some cool stories from other customers.
I wish their delivery fee was not $5.99!Great food!!! Had the Kung Po Chicken (imitation) and it was amazing. I definitely recommend this place for Vegans and healthy eaters. 
The interior is a little bit sketchy I have to say. Looks a lil run-down on the inside, but the food def makes up for its appearance.I've only ever ordered the General Tso's Chicken, and I just keep getting it because I used to love it when I ate meat. Perfect if you're craving the Chinese food you used to eat before you went vegetarian or vegan. I have yet to try the Sunday buffet, but the lunch special is a great deal. 
The place is nothing fancy, so it really is just like your neighborhood Chinese restaurant, but vegan! They might want to print out some new menus, though.This place has excellent service and inexpensive prices for good quality vegetarian food. Their menu items are traditional Chinese platters and worth the taste! A hidden vegetarian treasure in chinatown.Came here for a group dinner and found the food mediocre. The food is edible but not very flavourful -- I could mainly taste saltiness, but no real flavours from anything else. I was disappointed by the dearth of vegetable matter in the dishes; dishes seemed dominated by gluten (+ soy sauce).  Vegetarians need a variety of plant nutrients too.Food was tasty; however, hard to get past the dirty, dingy atmosphere. If they fixed the place up a bit, it would help.Vegetarian kosher chinese food.  What does one say about that?  Unique, is the best word I can use to describe New Harmony.   Amazing food.  Excellent service.  and a Karaoke bar downstairs. The owner is an incredibly nice man who is always willing to accommodate your needs. I dragged two Philly Chef's into this restaurant, fearful for their usual harsh reactions, and found only joy from both of them.  It can be truly hard to impress a vegan chef who can barely eat anything, but she found many options to choose from at New Harmony.  The Phoenix chicken is insane.  Also, be prepared for the mighty greatness that is the SOY BAKED BEEF BUN OF EPIC UBERNESS* 
*not actual name. Just ask for Soy Beef Bun.  It really is heaven.I ate here late on a Saturday night a few weeks ago. I am not the biggest fan of eating meat, so I was really excited to try this place. We got the special dinner (for 3-4 people) and were very satisfied. I think it could have fed 5 people, actually. 
Definitely try the wonton soup and the General Tso's "chicken." The scallion pancakes were also pretty slammin', but they were kind of heavy. The only thing I didn't like were the fried bananas. They were just too greasy, and definitely could have used some kind of accompaniment. I wish I wasn't so full because I really wanted to try the cheesecake. Oh well, next time I guess! 
One downside is that the food didn't reheat well the next day. I guess because it was all fried, and I really dislike reheated fried food. So you might want to skip the doggy bag.
On the plus side it's pretty inexpensive, you won't be eating any mystery meat, and it's BYOB! Enjoy!Really enjoyed my time here. The service was great and the vegan general Tso's tofu exceeded my expectations. I also had a bite to eat of my friend's stir fry and it was really good. I hear they do buffet's on Sundays for dinner. Can't wait to try it.Who can turn down all you can eat on Sunday nights? ESPECIALLY with a friendly staff, tons of variety on the menu, and an inviting ambiance. 
New Harmony looks like your typical Asian restaurant, but what's on the menu is quite impressive, especially for a non-meat eater. 
Even if you're a tofu-phobe, give New Harmony a try- they're great at recreating your favorites!If you're a Vegetarian, Asian Fan or are looking for a Healthy alternative to Asian Cuisine, Then Harmony is the place for you to go while in Philly! 
The Menu Looks like an average Chinese Restaurants menu, however, there's NO MEAT in any of the food. And it's ALL DELICIOUS! 
Try the Hot and Sour Soup. My suggestions for appetizers are: The Vegetarian Sushi & The Scallion Pancakes. Like General Tso's Chicken? You'll love this version! Don't look for fancy atmosphere here. It looks like someones living room from the 70's, but it's worth the trip. The prices and the food are excellent! You could usually find street parking close even during a busy Saturday. Remember, There's NO FREE PARKING IN PHILLY!I've been meaning to try this place out for a while. I ended up coming in on two consecutive days. Once for lunch, and once for their $13 Sunday buffet. I think it is probably the first vegetarian Chinese restaurant I've been to. 
Inside is very homey. Menu is big and quite creative. 
For lunch, we ordered their highly rated walnut jumbo "shrimp", crispy taro "duck", stuffed eggplant, and New Year's soup.
The New Year's soup was slightly thick. Had bits of tofu, vegetables, and imitation meat. Flavor was quite "meaty". 
The walnut shrimp was divine. Loved knowing the ingredients they used to make it so shrimp like. It is a mixture of rice and taro powder, and seaweed juice to give it a distinct oceanic taste. Texture and taste very close to shrimp. Batter was light and sauce was typical of actual walnut-meat dishes. 
I wasn't a fan of the crispy taro duck. Fried, crunchy skin that over powered the taro base. The taro half was good. I wouldn't get it again. Too crunchy fried bits. I would try another "duck" dish though.
Fried stuffed eggplant was okay. Not sure what was in it, but from what I could see was some carrot, onions, and maybe mushrooms? The appetizer came with a side of hoisin sauce. It was tasty, but I think after eating too much of the taro duck, it was hard trying to eat any more fried food.
The next evening I went for their $13 Sunday buffet. The restaurant was packed. I enjoyed the tofu dishes, sauteed string beans, and the "unlimited" walnut shrimp was great. My first round to the buffet counter they was out of walnut shrimp, but was shortly refilled. Other items included fried rice, lo mein, tofu vegetable soup, cabbage egg rolls, sweet and sour "chicken", fried Chinese pancakes, canned pineapple, and orange slices. I didn't bother getting any fried rice or lo mein since I was already eating tons of carbs from the imitation meats. Great deal for the buffet since the walnut shrimp was already $12.95 on the menu.
Overall, I would come here again to try some other dishes that are not too deep fried. The restaurant is not on the top of my list, but a nice option for vegetarians, vegans, and kosher eaters.I love lamb, beef, pork, duck, chicken, and all kinds of fish and shellfish, but I also love great preparations of vegetables, too. Being Chinese, there's no way I could escape not eating some lovely combination of meat and vegetables in the same dish. I find it fascinating to see so many younger folks be anti-meat. I understand their philosophies on not wanting to dine on animal flesh, but if you grow up used to a certain thing - or, in my case, everything - then restricting yourself to a this or that diet doesn't quite work. Robyn and I agreed to be meat-free on Sundays, so I researched and found New Harmony Vegetarian's dinner buffet. $12 for a buffet meal is a great deal, especially when it comes with appetizers, entres, and fillers. The bean curd skin rolls filled with bamboo and other vegetables were fantastic, about as good as any I've had with meat. The two kinds of vegetable dumplings were filled with a flavorful mix of finely chopped vegetables, but were too doughy. The pork lo mein was okay. I thought the noodles with water chestnuts and mushrooms were good, but the diced "pork" tasted like Spam. The broccoli with fried bean curd was a hit and miss. The bean curd was too firm. I've had this dish dozens of times before and know that the bean curd should never be firm. The walnut "shrimp" is touted as the main attraction by many reviewers. I've already tasted it at this restaurant before, so I wanted to see if it tasted the same in buffet form. It did. It's neither good nor bad. I'd rather eat real shrimp, which tastes better. My question is where were the walnuts? I could retrieve the broccoli and pineapple from the other buffet trays, but no walnuts could be found anywhere in the buffet. Overall, the food is good, there's plenty of variety, and there's virtually no line since the restaurant isn't very busy around 6pm on a Sunday.Good, greasy, saucy, vegan Chinese food?!??! Yes please. I had the sweet and sour pork, it was everything I remembered it being: full of fried chunks with batter, sauce, pineapples, green peppers, and onions. I went in for lunch, great cheap lunch specials. I got soup, meal, tea, spring roll, and cookie. for under $9. It was really delicious. They might have healthy options, but that's not what I'm here for. I am all for a divey food spot, but, the restaurant itself was grimy, minus one star.Someone please send me some big heaping plates of their delicious food! All my meat eater friends can barely believe how delicious this place is. I miss it so very much now that I've moved away. 
Also the owner, Ming, is a really nice and friendly guy and he remembers his regulars. I love their scallion pancakes, walnut shrimp, phoenix chicken, bbq ribs and lemon chicken with broccoli. I would try anything from them once and probably over and over again.
My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
The outside may not look like much but I think the inside has a great atmosphere that feels really classy but it's still casual.I've only tried the take-out, but it's been pretty bland. The beef buns and spring rolls are good, and a friend's soup looked great. It's nice to have so many options and quick delivery, I just add some more flavor at home.The Dim Sum was amazing! We had so much fun and the food was delish.If only this restaurant was closer to where I live. It's run by a mother and daughter, both of whom are very nice people and make you feel welcome and comfortable. I visited at a time when it was just myself and one other customer, which is how I prefer things anyway. I ordered a few different items, all of which I was happy with: coconut smoothie, general Tso's "chicken", some wontons and soup. I love how the menu is meatless and doesn't incorporate nasty stuff like MSG.I used to love it here, when I was a young, suburban vegan and going somewhere and being able to order ANYTHING off of a HUGE menu was amazing. I feel like since then (six or seven years ago), what I'm looking for in a restaurant has gone up a lot and their quality has gone down a little. I always feel sluggish after eating here now, even if I go only with steamed things instead of fried. If you really just need some vegan comfort food then you can get some peanut fried beef and leave sated, but overall, I just don't love this place.Delicious. I'm not a vegetarian but the food was wonderful and abundant and the staff was welcoming. I'll definitely be back.Always had a good meal there, usually end up there with a group of friends.
Mock dishes, and dim sum are very good.
Cheap and delicious...doesn't get much better than that.I have patronized this establishment since they opened in the mid 1980's and I can't begin to express my disappointment. 
My daughter order four entrees and two side orders, easily a $50 tab, for take out. She was excruciatingly clear that all items contain NO peppers or raw onions. She picked up the order and brought it home. Both the "beef" and "pork" dished contained peppers in the sauce. 
When the restaurant was contacted, their response was, 1) well, it must have been a bad connection, 2) the peppers were only in the sauce - like we wanted to eat fried dried out lumps of seitan without any sort of flavour, and 3) after I explained that I don't get into Center City/Chinatown very often, to bring it back.... even after they thoroughly acknowledged that the two dishes contained peppers,
I get that mistakes happen. Having worked food service, on that size order, the establishment should offer something. They could have offered to comp a dish the next time we were in, a partial refund on the credit card, an appetizer or two with the next take out.....something. Instead the woman's attitude left a lot to be desired and barely muttered an apology and only after I pushed. She said her "hands were tied", but refused to allow me to speak with the manager/owner..... and to add insult to injury, they didn't even bother to include the fortune cookies.
They used to be great.... now it seems like they just can't be bothered.Decent service, upstairs seating looked nice and the food was ok. And maybe I should have taken into account that it's a vegan restaurant and maybe that's why things are slightly less enjoyable than what I'm used to. But...
The soy meat really is quite tough - reminding of what it was like for vegetarians like me 20 years ago when you had to boil soy cubes for 15 hours:) and the flavors seem artificial. The curry chicken was the best item, since they cut the meat into tiny cubes which makes them easier to swallow. This should have been a compliment...I tried.
The basement seating was similar to...a basement! No atmosphere, low light and plain walls. Strange. Scary? Nah, just uncomfortable.
The menus were sticky and hadn't been cleaned in a long time - I'm not that fussy, but I had to wash my hands afterwards and the bathroom was so filthy you couldn't touch anything there either. I always wonder what you look like to other people when you try to open a door with your pinky fingers. Not manly...my guess.
Took me back to a time when being vegetarian was difficult but I have a feeling I'm exaggerating. Sit upstairs and maybe you'll have a completely different experience than me!Great place to eat, favorite dish the lemon chicken it's amazing, i highly recommend you try that dishWe reserved the "VIP Room" for a casual birthday party with karaoke last night, and everyone had a blast. The room is in the basement, so on our way down the stairs I was feeling some trepidation, but although the ceiling is a little low (a 6' 4" friend was able to clear the ceiling with a few inches to spare) the room is pleasant, clean, and cozy. Good lighting helped ensure that we did not feel like we were in a basement at all, and the private restrooms just off the party room were a nice convenience. The karaoke machines were easy to use, and the staff were very helpful with any request we had the entire night, including adjusting the volume on the mics when we felt we were too loud! At $40/hour for a group of 10-19, and $60/hour for 20-30, it's a terrific bargain. The karaoke selections are organized by song title in English, Vietnamese, and what looked like several different types of Chinese. Every song shows the usual lyrics on the large flatscreen TV, as well as entertaining background videos which may or may not have any relation to what you're singing. The book didn't have every song we wanted, but it had a good number overall. They also allow you to bring your own CDs and DVDs if you want in addition to the karaoke on hand, so you could probably do that if you wanted a particular song to wow your audience. The absence of "Don't Stop Believin'" was a HUGE plus in our eyes. -_^ 
The food was delectable and eye-opening to many of the omnivorous naysayers in our crowd. We could have gotten the $15/head set menu, and if I have a party there again I might go that route just to see what other deliciousness appears, but since we weren't certain how many people wanted to eat when we were planning the party, we ended up ordering the $12 all-you-can-eat dim sum for 12 out of our group of 17 (the others didn't eat, or had a la carte). AMAZING! Won ton soup, hot and sour soup, fried potato cakes (or maybe they were turnip), steamed pork buns, veggie shu mai, sesame "chicken:" all disappeared rapidly to rave reviews. Food was delivered hot and fast, which also went over well with our hungry group. Fried bananas and sesame balls for dessert, with a pot of tea, were the perfect end to the meal. 
The byob feature kept the evening even less expensive and more enjoyable, as everyone brought something different to share. There was a full range of soft drinks and freshly-made juices for the teetotalers in our group (green pepper and ginger is a much tastier juice combination than I would have thought!) And when the restaurant closed at 11:30, there was still plenty of time to hit the bar for another round. Our total bill, including the $100 deposit, came out to something like $340 - an incredible deal for a wonderful, stress-free party. I will be recommending New Harmony Vegetarian - both the restaurant and the VIP room - to all of my friends. 
One last tip: Central Parking has fantastic coupons on their website, and their parking garage at 11th and Race is only two blocks from New Harmony!Ming, the owner, is friendly and a great host. The food at New Harmony is pretty good too. The lunch prices are very affordable and the dim sum is not to be missed. On Sunday's they have been doing a dinner buffet, which I haven't tried yet and hear it's very good. Also, New Harmony has a downstairs party room complete with karaoke! Definitely give this place a try!Been here twice and enjoyed it both times. Let me say I'm not a true vegetarian religiously but I really enjoy most vegetarian food when in comparison to real poultry-beef etc.. I ordered from here the sweet and sour chicken with brown rice which was outstanding a long with a bowl of won ton soup which was also top notch. Both these menu item's tasted way better then real poultry-beef based chinese food. My girlfriend at the time enjoyed general's chicken with brown rice which was also amazing, I was shocked at the time she enjoyed it so much since she seem'd to be pretty picky with here places to eat unlike me that has a little bit of a give or take. All around I wouldn't go to this place for a first date but for lunch or dinner you can't go wrong.This is a vegetarian restaurant..the food is always tasty and affordable! It is great to see so many selections to choose from.love this place!This is the epitome of yet another place that is highly over-rated because people with a niche diet will rate any place that caters to them 5/5. I believe in having phenomenal vegan restaurants that kick butt and rival omni restaurants. What I think is unbelievable is that a restaurant that serves greasy, gooey slop with soap on their food is worth anything more than 2 stars. The only thing that didn't suck was the already vegan scallion pancake. The noodle-based dishes such as dumplings were insanely gummy and thick, the antithesis of good dim sum. Chinese cuisine is about texture as much as it is about taste. Just because everything is a sweet-umami does not make for good Chinese.Me and my wife went here on Friday 11/10 for dinner before hitting up some Improv comedy. The atmosphere here is really dated and could use some improvement, but the food was very affordable and flavorful. 
I had a General Taos Chicken w/ Brown Rice and Fried Wontons and my wife had Orange Chicken w/ Brown Rice and a Beef Bun. She found the Wonton Soup very good and the Beef Bun was soft and fluffy. The main course was very enjoyable as well. 
We will return soon and can recommend this place.My experience at this restaurant makes me seriously call into question the Philadelphia Yelp community.
The "dim sum" I ate today was a complete disgrace. I'm a meat eater, but I am open to all foods, and I've been vegetarian food periods of time. For starters, it wasn't dim sum, it was family style. Then, the food was extremely low quality and boring. Everything was carbohydrate based or deep fried: scallion pancakes, egg rolls, pork buns, gloppy lo mein (at dim sum? really?), and different varieties and shapes of dumplings. Everything was stuffed with the same bland cabbage. Nothing was remotely experimental, interesting, or authentic. Not the slightest effort. Dessert was, you guessed it, fried banana and fried coconut. The fried flavor overwhelmed everything. 
Yeah, this place is cheap, but for good reason: you're getting cheap, low quality food. 
There are MANY better vegetarian options at other restaurants around Chinatown, maybe not at places that serve a strict vegetarian menu. Save your money and your appetite and go there instead.We ate at New Harmony Veg again this xmas.  I can't help it; the tofurkey is the est!  Two of us ate the all you can eat dim sum (which fed them lunch today and leftovers for the rest of the week) and I had the tofurkey along with the greatest steamed veggies money can buy.  We love it so much 38 of us are going there next week to use the Karyoke room.  Wooo hooo.I LOVE NEW HARMONY.
I started visitng New Harmony in the dead of winter, after a stint of working in the luxurious Gallery at Market East. I became familiar with the owner/operator, since we would chat over a glass of hot tea while I waited for my take-out and now he recognizes me every time I come in. That being said, the service is excellent.
The food is delicious, it tastes very similar to regular Chinese food but it feels a lot lighter in your stomach when you're done eating it. On Saturday we ordered a mild order of General Tso's, Beef w.Snow Peas, Dragon Dumplings (my favorite!), and Scallion Pancake (my other favorite). The fried bananas are a great dessert if you can get them while they're hot! We were treated to homemade soy milk over ice while we waited for our meal, as well.
I reccomend New Harmony to vegetarians and meat eaters, but I do not reccomend New Harmony to squares or cynics. I advise these people to stick with the always delicious, safe, Panda Express.I want so much to like New Harmony ... but I always leave disappointed. I might enjoy the food more if the interior did not look like a third-world country. The table linens (bless them) are faded and full of holes. At least they have removed the sticky vinyl covers that used to be on top of the table linens. I ordered the hot and sour soup with steamed vegetable buns today. The food was "OK" -- no major complaints -- but the atmosphere makes me wonder how clean the kitch is.Tried this place out and it was amazing! I'm surprise it isn't actually real meat. Texture and flavors were on point. Although you know it's not actually meat, it was very tasty. Hubby and I ordered Beef with Mixed Veggies, Honey Walnut Shrimp, Sesame Chicken Appetizer, and Sesame Cold Noodles. I couldn't believe how real the "shrimp" tasted like shrimp. We will definitely be coming back here!This place was highly recommended so we decided to grab some take out here.  They have a $5 lunch special - doesn't come with anything like soda or soup just a generous portion of food and rice. The veggies are so good.  Its really classic Chinese food place flavors - I loved the broccoli.  But the seitan was pretty gross.  It was stringy and just didn't have a good consistency or flavor (we got the beef - it tasted nothing like beef). I would gladly come back for the veggies though!Wow, for a vegetarian place in the city they've got my vote. Egg foo young w/ peanut sauce.... I looovvvve it. Though I cannot think off the top of my headI have tried friends dishes when we go and it is just too good. The service is great and the environment is very relaxed.Fresh homemade soymilk on the house! What a delight and still warm....soo good. New Harmony has the same and original owner, Ming who used to own Kingdom of Vegetarians that is now under new ownership. But NH is the real deal and Ming is the man.  Stick with NH and you get great service and vegan dim sum aplenty. It's our tradition whenever we're in the city of brotherly love.Came here not really knowing what to expect from vegetarian Chinese food and was pleasantly surprised.  Very friendly staff and our take out order was prepared quickly. The General Tso's, sweet and sour chicken, and vegetable dumpligs were all good (although what exactly the "chicken" is made from remains a mystery). Huge portions for the price, especially the dinner boxes.This review is long overdue. I have been a pretty steady customer at New Harmony for a while now and I have to say, I have never been disappointed. The food is excellent, all you can eat vegan dim-sum for twelve bucks?! It's byob (with no corking fee) which is also nice, and the owner, Ming, is about as gregarious and welcoming as they come. They have a huge selection of entrees as well, many of which contain mock meat or tofu. They always have something great to offer for dessert, too. Fried bananas, ice cream, shakes.. the list goes on and best of all IT'S ALL VEGAN! =) The prices are always great, the service is excellent, and Ming is always sure to make his customers feel appreciated. Surely one of Philly's Finest as far as I'm concerned.Delicious and affordable! Located right in the heart of Philadelphia's Chinatown. Everything on the menu is vegan, and a large number of items are gluten free as well.  The hot and sour soup was amazing, as was the Walnut mock shrimp and general tzo's mock chicken.
Next time we're going to try the all you can eat buffet which they have every Sunday night.new harmony is delicious!  im no vegan or vegetarian, but i do love me some good chinese food.  they have a very diverse menu, ranging from the traditional chinese dishes like sweet and sour chicken to stuff i've never heard of.  i decided to branch out from my norm and tried the mongolian pork and the pineapple chicken -- both very good.  
p.s.  if you like leafy treats, try the ming special salad.  the dressing is amazing.  oh, and they are open fairly late...11pm on a weeknight.  so if youre hungry for a second dinner and dont feel like your usual ho sai gai, check out new harmony.New Harmony's food ranges from the fairly tasty to the downright weird. With three people, we did the "Meal for 3-4 People" option. I think the "3-4 People" plates could feed 4 or 5, easily. The wonton soup, General Tso's chicken with broccoli, and Ham with Vegetables were... decent. The fried bananas and scallion pancakes were just super greasy doughballs, and the sesame beef was in a sweet white sauce that totally put me off (and tasted like Philadelphia cream cheese! Mmm... hometown flavor?)
For the price ($12ish per person), you definitely get quantity, but not quality. As someone who has eaten truly delicious "fake meat," I say that this is not it.ive been going to Harmony since i was like 10 years old and i'm still not tired of it. my parents used to take me bc they started going there when it first opened. and so the tradtion continues...
anyway, service is friendly but sometimes slow. food is constantly good but watch out sometimes the beef buns arent cooked enough. they have a whole downstairs for parties and buffet dim sum dinners, which are always fun. 
the food i get is always fresh with lots of flavorful veggies and not too much sauce or too fried, etc. also i love the bananas they serve at the end with your check... yum, like a lil free dessert. oh yeah and the prices are very reasonable for the amount of food that you get... always important.This place is not only a vegetarian restaurant (*clearing his throat), this is a Vegan/Vegetarian Kosher Chinese Restaurant.  They are a certified Kosher restaurant!  I went here with a friend and some new people that I had just met.  I can't say that I get excited about the prospect of eating vegetarian when I'm a big ole meat eater at heart.
But I have to say, these people sure do know how to make tofu taste like meat!  They have a variety of different foods that are made to taste uniquely like pork, chicken, and beef.
This restaurant also features filtered water and purified air!  Uh... cool!
As a group, we ordered the $10 per person Dim Sum.  OK.  I have never seen this much food before.  NEVER.  The rotating center of our table could not hold all of the food and we had to stack plates after a while.  Recommendation: if you get the dim sum, eat nothing for the previous 8 hours and save the "beef buns" for after the meal.  Just do it and you'll thank me after your finish eating.  The food will seem to just keep coming.
With the dim sum you get fried bananas and fortune cookies with your check.  So save room.
Service is quick and friendly.
The interior decor is your typical Chinese restaurant decor.  You go here for the food and to spend some time with friends.  They have back rooms which would be great for smaller groups.Look, folks.
I am into buffets.
I am also into dim sum.
I am also also really into fried shit.
New Harmony: a beautiful combo, even for an omnivore!  
I just went tonight for the 12$ dim sum.  First off, the value is GREAT -- I was told that the walnut shrimp they served costs 12$ on the menu regularly, so to eat it endlessly is a treat.  The selection is also good; there was one soup, three-ish "apps," and then five to six entrees, with pineapple and orange for palate cleansers and dessert.
I liked almost everything I tried tonight!  Missed the soup (didn't want to waste valuable tummy space), but I had a vegetable pancake and the dumplings to open.  The vegetable pancake was deep-fried and tasted very much like a hash brown (so how can you go wrong).  The dumpling I have no idea, but YUM.
I also had spicy pork with cabbage, which was AMAZING, as were the spicy string beans!  I didn't go nuts for the flavor of the General Tso's pork or the weird spongy noodles, but lemme tell you about the star of this meal.
THE WALNUT SHRIMP.
Think shrimp without any seafood taste.
Just.
God, they were good.
The service is also lovely!  Toward the end we were just sitting and talking and sipping water -- granted, it was a slow night, but we were not rushed from the table but given more refills.
I will definitely be back!
PS: Let it live in infamy than J.F., who did boast to have a larger stomach than MC, ate only three plates of food while MC did consume three and two shrimps worth of plates.Wonton soup is excellent. Extensive menu. Dishes were over sauced. I ordered broccoli in garlic sauce and I didn't taste garlic and the sauce was sweet. The kung pao while really good from a flavor profile perspective, was over sauced and took over the dish.Finally tried this place.  Can't wait to go back, especially for dim sum..  
My carnivorous dining partner LOVED the taro duck.  I had black mushroom pork, only I think they forgot the pork part of it.  It was so good, though, that I was willing to overlook it (and the only reason I docked them a star).
Service was prompt and attentive, and the people were super sweet.  
Is it time for dim sum yet?I love that they have (or had since I haven't been in a while) a buffet on Sunday evenings. Great vegan Chinese food ! The restaurant is dated. Not somewhere for a romantic date, but good food nonetheless.New Harmony is an entirely vegan Chinese restaurant that blows most Chinese restaurants out of the water PERIOD.
I was introduced to this vedgetastic find in the best way anyone could possibly imagine: my friend LJ's catered 80s-themed karaoke birthday bash in New Harmony's party basement (open to the first page of their menu to learn more). There was singing, there was dancing and all celebrators consumed some pretty amazing vegan Chinese food....it was like a vegan Studio 54 (replace 70s with 80s) down there. I knew I had to come back some day soon for a dining room experience. 
I've returned to New Harmony a few times since then, but I believe that the next time I laid eyes on their food again after that was with LJ. We did take out and she ordered a couple of her favorite things from the menu, including the veggie pancake, which I loved. It was light and fluffy, 100% yum! I was curious about the turnip cake and contributed to the order in this way-- I had done dim sum once before as a vegetarian and all I remember is dissecting a lone turnip cake that kind of met my dietary restrictions, enjoying it, but hating all the picking out of meat that I had to do at the time. Wow! This became an instant hit for all! No weird science project-esque eating for us. Another friend ordered the vegetable lo mein and I loved the good quality of the noodles, crispness of the vegetables and the smokey element included in the sauce. 
The time I went after that, I dined solo as I was in the neighborhood and remembered the hot and sour soup. I stopped eating red meat at such a young age that I never had the chance to try the non-vegetarian version, and whoah, it kinda doesn't matter at this point! I love what New Harmony is doing with their vegan version. Agar is an amazing thing (this is my educated guess, at any rate)!
Since then, I've learned that their dumplings are good when both steamed and fried, although I kinda wish that the steamed version was a little less stiff -- this might be the only hit-or-miss dish in my experience. Otherwise, the sauteed bok choy is cooked to perfection and I love the garlic-y sauce that it's done in.
The last time we were there, Ming comped us ice cream, which was so good! I believe it was made with coconut, but regardless, it was a really tasty surprise! 
A recent fortune cookie from New Harmony basically told me to consider leaving my loving, handsome boyfriend to play the field, but that's neither here nor there. Readings like this beckons a bigger, general question to the Fortune Cookie Universe, "Who writes these things?!?". Now I'm convinced that no place is safe. 
I love New Harmony and will return and return and return again!New Harmony is incredibly yummy and always satisfying.  
Vegan and Kosher but even for those who arent on these type of diets the food is great and I have gone here with meat eating friends and my 60 year old "meat n potato" parents.
The General Tsos is great but sometimes I find it a bit to bready.  The Beef Stew Hot Pot is fantastic, so is the shrimp and I crave the wonton soup.  The portions are large and we usually have leftovers.  
Service is great. If you ask for a knife or chopsticks they will bring you one.  It is a typical chinese resturant where it isnt fancey inside, but it is cheap and cheerful.i love ming to death. he sometimes brings me things to try for free while i visit. so, he is very kind.
however, like most greasy, processed food, the flavors have a tendency to get lost. and the food sits like a lump in my stomach. but that isn't ming or new harmony's fault... that is just typical american chinese food.
so, if you are like me and enjoy quirky little holes in the wall where you can order anything on menu because it is all vegan, it is a GREAT option. but if you are also like me, the food is very heavy. and i only come here on occasion for that purpose. but either way i think this place is a gem.It's hard to find a place that offers vegan fare in the city..well.. at least for me..It's been hard to find more than a salad, or grilled veggies (hey, both are good, but just because you don't chomp down meat doesn't mean you always want a salad!) 
I ordered from New Harmony the other day because they delivered to my apartment in Northern Liberties, and I was s t a r v i n g. I was going to go for just plain veggie fried rice, until I saw fake ham fried rice. I was a bit apprehensive at first..a lot of fake meats can be sooo disgusting if not prepared correctly..well, New Harmony sure knows what they're doing! While I was never a big meat eater when I wasn't veg, it was nice having a hearty filler to my fried rice..perfect combo of savory and salty without being overbearing..plus they didn't overcook the broccoli which is a huge pet peeve!
I'd love to eat in some time, until then It'll be repeated deliveries!this place is incredible! everything is so so so good! and vegan to boot! get the dim sum, you wont regret it. you can stuff your face til you are absolutely sure you are going to burst, but you will feel so good you'll swear you could run a marathon. my top picks are the wonton soup, the pork buns, the pineapple chicken, the fried bananas & the cheesecake (any flavor, all the flavors!). ming is the best & he deserves your business!This is really good vegetarian chinese food, probably the best in Philly.  Good delivery service and decent quantities for the price.   The only negative I could think of is that some of the dishes have way more vegetables than mock meat, but that is common among all the vegetarian chinese restaurants I've been to, aside from Happy Family in LA.On a lazy day, we get the our meal delivered, and if my b/f and I are in the area we stop in to dine-in.  Either way, the service and food are always phenomenal.  
The staff there is always exceptionally nice and polite.  I discovered New Harmony's about 2 years ago, and my order has yet to change! lol
my order:: General Tso's chicken, Ham and veggies, brown rice and seaweed soup.  This feeds 2 people generously!!  
I recommend this place to all my Vegan/Vegetarian friends..... If y'all are craving some good Chinese, DEFINITELY check this place out!! 
(Two thumbs up approval )  =)Great food! An all vegan restaurant with realistic mock interpretations of Asian meat dishes. I've been twice and can't wait to go back! The service is very straightforward, attentive but not overly friendly. However there is one server there that is very soft spoken and hard to hear. 
I brought two vegetarian friends from out of town and they loved it! They even commented that the duck seemed too realistic with its skin. My fianc loves their Taro Duck with it's crispy bean curd skin and subtle taro flavor. 
The Scallion Pancakes are different, instead of a flaky pancake with baked in scallions it's more of a crispy dough pocket with scallions inside. The Ma Po Tofu sauce was thicker with more of a bbq flavor than a typical spicy chili sauce. 
I would definitely recommend the BBQ Spare Rib appetizer, Turnip Cake, and General Tso's Chicken.I give this place 3 stars - 2 just because it is fully vegan and kosher, which is commendable, and the third for the efficient and pleasant service. Beyond that, the food is only mediocre. My noodle dish was too greasy to enjoy, so I just picked out the faux beef. Also, I requested an extra spicy dish and received a bland oily mess. Next time I'm in town, I will definitely visit a different vegetarian restaurant.Its okay looking inside - Not dirty but not amazing.
The food is pretty good - Kinda curious what the imitation beef and chicken are (They have the consistency of both meats).  But overall, the food was pretty good.  I had the general tso's and my partner had beef w peppers and onions.
Service was fair - not slow and pretty friendly.
Would def recommend and I'd like to return and bring some friends (Trick them and feed them something vegetarian - They prob wouldnt even notice).Ming is a fabulous man and has been one of the early leaders of the vegan food business scene in Philly. A very large and extensive menu will leave nobody hungry. The walnut shrimp is AMAZING -- I've never had anything like it. Please go support Ming!Two stars. I would give one star for this restaurant's current state but I have to add a star for my great experiences at New Harmony in the past. 
I've been coming here for about 10 years. It really breaks my heart to see how downhill this place has gone. It's even sadder because it's become increasingly difficult to find all-vegan & all-vegetarian restaurants, esp in Chinatown.
My favorite dish here used to be the (vegan) Beef & Broccoli. The fragrant, moist medallions of beef had a delicate texture which paired beautifully with the fresh broccoli florets. The light, broth-like sauce had incredible flavor. This dish has sadly been reduced to pale pieces of broccoli, greasy rounds of bland beef (sans that delicate texture), and an oily semi-translucent sauce that has none of the fragrant notes of it's predecessor. Heartbreaking.
The (vegan) Roast Pork Buns were my favorite app. The pillowy soft steamed buns had a mild sweetness that contrasted perfectly with the luscious pulled pork filling. These buns now taste like they're frozen and are devoid of their predecessor's homemade flavors. The buns are chewy and flavorless. The pork filling is now paste-like and tastes of cheap seasoning. 
I used to be obsessed with their Hot & Sour Soup, House Special Wonton Soup, & Vegetable Bean Curd Soup. All boasted impressive broths, myriads of delicious vegetables, luscious cuts of tofu, amazing homemade wontons, and/or a selection of their impressive vegan meats (the ham being a standout). Sadly these soups no longer exist. I happened to look into the kitchen only to see boxed stock being poured into a pot for the Vegetable Bean Curd Soup I'd just ordered. It definitely tasted like boxed stock. Awful. The bean curd/tofu was flavorless. The vegetables (brocolli, carrots) tasted bland while other vegetables (giant chunks of zucchini) were undercooked and hard. The cabbage in the soup had a strange metallic taste.
I used to loved their Veg Bean Curd Cellophane Noodle Hot Pot. It used to be packed with incredibly fresh vegetables, fragrant glass noodles, gilded tofu with soft pillowy white insides, all glistening in a light sauce which enhanced every component with it's dimensional flavor. This hot pot is no more. It has been replaced with soggy flavorless tofu & soggy flavorless glass noodles. The vegetables are a mix of soggy and undercooked. Giant chunks of onion are now in this hot pot and it's gross. The sauce is thick and greasy and there is too much of it. Sad.
The Sticky Rice in Lotus Leave was once a filling portion of steaming, moist sticky rice encased in a vibrant green leaf bound with twine. The lotus leaf is now browning and pale with contents that literally taste like dirt. The texture of the sticky rice is like a mix of dry dirt and mud. The flavor is funky. 
The Veg Spring Rolls used to be filled with piping hot, fresh shredded veggies and have a great vibrant flavor. Now they taste frozen. The pale white contents are ground/processed to the point of being unrecognizable, crumbly, and strange tasting. 
The Three Color Dumplings used to be a masterpiece - pairs of perfect dragon (green) dumplings, carrot (orange) dumplings, & vegetable (white) dumplings. They were obviously made in-house. The delicate wrappers would yield to steaming hot, bright fresh flavors. These dumplings no longer exist. The dumplings now have chewy wrappers with bland, ground up contents. In all likelihood, they are frozen.
Even the plain white rice is bad. I taste a metallic flavor throughout it. I was shocked. It's white rice.
They used to carry spectacular vegan cheesecakes - raspberry, chocolate, pumpkin, etc. These cheesecakes were phenomenal. I'd look forward to seasonal varieties. These were made offsite by a brilliant baker. They stopped carrying these cheesecakes a few years ago and it seems like that marked the beginning of the decline of this restaurant. 
I hope my feedback reaches someone who might be able to bring back the wonderful restaurant I knew and loved. I would be so happy to become a regular at New Harmony again.Veggie pancakes 5 stars
Wonton soup veg broth so/so
Sticky rice in lotus  5 stars
Sesame chicken 5 stars
Seaweed soup 4 stars
Chocolate ice cream 5 stars
Decor 1 star
Hot towels at the end priceless!Very good vegetarian Chinese food.  We had excellent dumplings (something with "dragon" in the name).  We got the all you can eat dim sum (just $10 per person).  I'm not a big dim sum fan, but those dumplings were great!  The fried bananas were tasty, too.  I also really enjoyed the seaweed salad.  It had lots of fresh ginger.  
Fast, friendly service.We've only gotten takeout on two occasions.
October 2, 2011 (yeah, we keep notes), we ordered:
Steamed pork dumpling - 2/5 stars
Sesame chicken appetizer - 2/5 stars
General Tsao's shrimp - 3/5 stars
Pork in Szechuan style - 2/5 stars
Overall, we were extremely disappointed. All of the fake meats tasted the same - like nothing at all. Everything was completely bland. 
We ordered again on Oct. 24, 2011. This time we got:
Fried crispy beef in peanut sauce - 5/5 stars
Barbecued spare ribs - 4/5 stars
Sweet and sour chicken - 3/5 
Vegetarian ham and vegetable fried rice - 4/5
The numbers tell the story. It was like ordering from a completely different restaurant the second time. 
Some notes: 
The crispy beef is sublime. There are no words.
The barbecued spare ribs were breaded and came with sweet & sour sauce - call it spare rib tempura. Not what we expected, but good.
Sweet & sour chicken was good, but not as flavorful as the others.
Ham fried rice was delicious - the vegetables were fresh and crisp, and the fake ham was stunningly good.
For some reason, the menu they brought with the delivery is an abbreviated version of the full menu. Maybe they don't want to do all the dishes for delivery? I don't know. We ordered from the menu we got from the restaurant and it was no problem.My vegan boyfriend really likes this restaurant. However, on our recent trip there I was not as impressed. 
It wasn't the mock meat or tiny 'what might have been a walk-in-closet' where they sat us, it was the overall taste of rusty water throughout every meal- including the tea. 
Simply put, everything just tasted dirty. I'm not sure if their water line needs to be cleaned or replaced, but there was just a consistent unappetizing taste to everything. 
The food here probably has great potential, but until they replace old tools or pipes or whatever it was, I'd prefer not to return to this location.Love, love, love this place! Dim sum SCORE! My perennial favorites, the scallion pancakes and sesame coated red bean paste balls were disappointing, though everything else we tried (and I think we tried everything!) was great. So cheap, so good. *drool*So, to start out, the staff is amazing. One of the first times I ate here was after a trip to whole foods and about half way to the restaurant, it started downpouring. Not only did the older gentleman give me a plastic bag for my groceries when the paper bag broke, but while I waited for my take out he gave me a warm cup of tea. Instantly won my heart. 
There is also a younger guy who works there who always makes good conversation and great recommendations when I am too tired after work to make a decision about dinner. 
But really, the best part of this place is the food. Oh my goodness, the food. I recently decided to go vegetarian, mostly vegan, and was having a somewhat difficult time finding quality protein filled meals that I could just pick up after work (in the -soon to be closed- gallery mall). There are a lot of good vegetarian options in Philadelphia, but none that were close enough. Until a coworker told me about this place. 
The best imitation chicken ever in the history of ever. I took a couple friends here, and they didn't believe it was imitation. The generals chicken is kick ass, fried pan noodles are drool worthy, and chicken fried rice is mmmmm...... The only I have had that was just okay was the pork and it was more a texture thing than anything else.
And for dessert, I highly suggest Steamed sweet buns. I don't even know how many times I have popped in just to get them.New Harmony is, hands down, my favorite chinese food spot in Philly. The food here is amazing and filling (veggie pancake FTW). The service is incredibly fast and friendly. The atmosphere is whatever, but that doesn't make a difference in the quality of their product and the people they have working there. 10/10 would go again. 
PS: those lunch special prices make my wallet very happy.Wonton soup is excellent. Extensive menu. Dishes were over sauced. I ordered broccoli in garlic sauce and I didn't taste garlic and the sauce was sweet. The kung pao while really good from a flavor profile perspective, was over sauced and took over the dish.I've become really picky when it comes to Chinatown, lately.  So, I wasn't too excited to try vegan Chinese food.    I have mixed reviews
A large group of us went for the dim sum.  Like George said, it's $10 per person, and they just bring out different plates.  It was an obscene amount of food.  Some of the food was surprisingly delicious (the steamed dumplings) but a good amount of it seemed bland (i've had better substitute meat, before).  
And yes, the servers were super friendly (we were teased a few times for our late friends) and very helpful.  However, we were over charged (they added an extra person). This meant that they let us take home the left overs.  I haven't decided, yet, if this is a fair trade.
Over all, it was a fun experience. I'd be willing to go back with another large group for dim sum or even go just for the beef buns and steamed dumplings.Love the Sunday dinner buffet.  From a carnivores perspective.  Fried shrimp is awesomely addicting.  Probably not the healthiest meal, but worth the $11 every time.It's so disappointing to leave a two-star review for a restaurant I've been visiting for 20 years. 
The place has been in various states of disarray and decay in the past and I've turned a blind eye. From front window plastered with yellowed fliers (probably the same ones since 1996), to the chaotic and dirty entry way, the worn table cloths, cracked and stained menus, the unspeakable bathroom... 
The saving grace of New Harmony has been 100% vegan food - always delicious - and Ming, who is a cheerful bright spot in dull surroundings.  
Unfortunately, the last two visits have left me feeling so disappointed. The service was slow, in spite of not being busy, our server was disinterested, almost crabby, we received an incorrect item, and as usual, everything just looked worn and old. Like no one cares! The topper to the evening was that the food wasn't even that good. :(
Also, we had to ask for tea instead of it just being brought to the table, no chopsticks were presented to us, and Ming didn't greet us nor check on us during the meal. Had this been our first visit to this restaurant, it surely would have been our last. 
I hope they get their act together. I'd hate to exclude New Harmony from our Philly visits.I've been going to Harmony my whole life. I used to love it. I ordered delivery for the first time ever; they took 90 minutes (after saying 30; honestly... just be honest with me if it's gonna take a while).  And then they brought the wrong thing. I got sweet & sour instead of General Tso's.   And for the record, none of the food was any good.  Average at best.  It's better when you eat there.Good, but not great, ok value, I have been to much better Chinese Veg places in many cities, this one is slightly below average and not w very good amount or variety of gluten, fresh juices are nice.I haven't had dim sum this good since before I was vegan. We started with some hot tea, and then came all kinds of dumplings, spring rolls, buns, soups because I couldn't make a decision!
Everything is delish, everything is VEGAN...and the service was great too. I'm a big fan, and I'll be here often, next time, w/ a lot more people...so we can do a lot more dim sum. I want to sit at a table with a Lazy Susan! I love Lazy Susans! (Why ARE they called Lazy Susans?)
Also, I will always remember New Harmony as the place I was when I got a really important life-changing phone call, so that actually makes it extra special for me. Though even without the phone call, it would still be five stars....