Okay, so just an update.  I have been to Indian Restaurants in Little India in Singapore, Bali, Indonesia, Rome, Paris, and Munich, London, and Dublin, and of course many in the states....  This is still my favorite! Glad it's local for me when I am 'home' in the states! :)Plenty of food - fresh naan, rice, chicken/ lamb/ vegetarian curries, salads, etc. Not all of it is amazing in flavor (it's a buffet after all!) -- but you'll be sure to find something that you like. Desserts are great and a cup of tea or coffee is included with the dinner buffet (maybe the lunch one too). What's nice is that the place is generally full, even on weekdays. The restaurant is deocrated nicely but still has a bit of a cafeteria feel because of the buffet. The price is $11.95 for the dinner buffet and I think $8.95 for the lunch one. They serve beers and alcohol too.
I'm not giving this place more stars only because I wasn't very impressed with the flavor of the curries. It's worth checking out once though!A solid buffet with all of the typical and usual favorites. It's a nice, casual place for a quick meal.This is amongst the best Indian food I've had on the East Coast. The chicken has been perfectly tender on each of the dishes I have ordered and the dal makhani deserves SPECIAL praise!
Delivery folks don't come up to my apartment even when there is place to park; which is a bit of a downer - but for food alone, this is an easy 5/5 for me. Keep it up please!Having grown up with Indian food almost every night, I'm quite picky when it comes to Indian restaurants. I almost never go for the buffet option because there is never enough flavor; however, I had the dinner buffet at New Delhi and I was amazed at how flavorful and spicy it was for a buffet. I also loved that they had a plethora of vegetarian and non-vegetarian options and even had selections beyond your traditional Indian buffet. The pricing is also super reasonable for an all you can eat place. I will definitely be back!I've gone here a handful of times, maybe more, but definitely less than ten visits, and I've been disappointed every time.  I've ordered both the buffet on the weekends, which offers a richer variety than during the week, and I've also ordered a la carte items from the menu.  The buffet offers plentiful self-servings of rice pudding which I like.  The latter contains pine nuts in a creamy, smooth sauce and is quite tasty, though everything else served in the restaurant is lackluster.  
If you order off of the regular menu you can probably specify the spiciness, but the buffet items are more or less bland.  The naan is unacceptably soggy and has probably been sitting under the dimmed buffet lights for an extended period of time.  If you prefer to have freshly baked naan, order off of the a la carte menu.  The mango lassi is not tart as one would expect the classic Indian drink to be, but is instead a shake.  The restaurant does not claim that it is a "lassi" per se but a "mango shake."  It is simply a concoction of milk and mango ice cream, the latter being available as a complimentary dessert that accompanies the buffet.  Granted, there aren't too many tasty Indian restaurants in the vicinity, and this place offers delivery service.  I ordered delivery once because I suddenly had a craving for Indian food, and ordered chicken saag (and specified "spicy" which improved the flavors a bit) with naan.  The dish automatically came with rice.   
Though New Delhi is indeed a sit-down restaurant, I'd prefer to patronize Rice and Spice on 42nd and Chestnut, which, though regrettably lacks a welcoming ambiance, serves what I consider to be above-average Indian fare.  A problem with Rice and Spice is that you probably have to bring a friend or two if you want variety.  The mango lassi there is actually a tart lassi and has a fairly thick consistency.  I've heard good things about Rice and Spice's chicken biryani and the serving portions are generous.
The waiters at New Delhi somewhat make you feel rushed because they clear the table very quickly for you when you order the buffet.  They are nice in offering to bring dessert (which comes with the buffet), but sometimes you want to spend a bit more time finishing off your plate before moving on.  
Those were my two cents about New Delhi.  I wonder if it's necessary for me to continue with a review of Rice and Spice.  I think Indian food in general is something you have to have a specific craving for, and when you do have a proclivity for it, it lasts for only a short period of time and after multiple consecutive visits either to one particular restaurant or to several.
Service: B+
Taste: B-Service: Seated right away. Drinks right away. Removed our plates very eagerly. Reminded us that dessert was included on the buffet. 
Food: Good variety. All tasted excellent. Everything tasted fresh. Constant turn around at buffet. Def worth the price.I've only had Indian food about twice prior to going to New Delhi. I've heard about this place from my friends and decided to take my boyfriend here. The price is good for college students like myself, and the food is good too. My boyfriend never had indian food before so we decided to go with the buffet style so that he could try whatever he likes. He really liked the chicken tikka marsala and naan, which is my perfect combination too. Then we asked for the dessert that came with the buffet. Our bill came out to be $30 including the tax&tip (we didn't get drinks)
I'm thinking next time we come again, we'll just get the chicken tikka marsala and lots of naan!I like to sample as many dishes as I can at Indian restaurants, so I went for the lunch buffet. The palak paneer was amazing! Everything I tried was delicious. They had a good number of vegetarian friendly options. I've had better naan, but it was still good. The restaurant was very clean and the staff was friendly. They also have great drink prices.The dinner buffet had just enough dishes and the taste was great. The naan was soft. The only thing that could be better was the mango Lassi. Not enough mango taste. The food was very good,  the service fast and friendly. 
Will definitely eat there again.I really enjoyed this restaurant for several reasons.
First off...I came here as part of a mission trip group in which the restaurant allowed 28 people to eat on a $8 per person budget (mission trip funds allocated for dinner) even though their dinner buffet usually cost about $14.
Their support meant a lot!
Customer service was good. Although it was a buffet so we mostly served ourselves.
The food was good. Very flavorful and authentic Indian food. 
It is a smaller buffet and starches are definitely slim. There is really only rice.
They have vegan options. 
The salad bar is a little weak but ok. The salad did not seem fresh at all. However I will say we were there close to closing. 
Some of their decorations are gorgeous especially in the hallway towards the bathroom. 
All in all I enjoyed my meal and their willingness to work with a mission trip group on a budget.
However for a buffet the options and variety was lacking.This place is okay in my opinion. Being an indian myself I might have more pickier of taste but I would say this place is decent. They obviously have amazing paneer and samosa but their level of spice is debatable, sometimes I find it a bit mild. Even then I think this place is good enough to eat at regularly, which I do. I recommend this place especially during their buffet time its totally worth the money!Buffett style indian food. YUM. Tried the naan, chicken tikka, vindaloo, tandoori chicken and samosas. Everything was all flavorful but nothing too overpowering. For dessert, there was banana and chocolate pudding and a sweet Indian rice pudding (don't remember what it was called). Service was good, staff refilled our drinks often and we didn't feel rushed to leave.I tried the a la carte for the first time the other day.  It was actually quite acceptible -  much better than the buffet.  They made it extremely spicy like I asked, which I was grateful for.  As long as you don't get the buffet, this place offers up semi-acceptable Indian food for decent prices.After a couple of times coming here, decided to give this place two stars.  Would have been three stars, but an incident earlier tonight warranted an automatic star deduction.  I'll explain below:
New Delhi Indian Restaurant is perfect for when you want a ton of Indian Food cheaply and in a hurry.  The restaurant operates almost exclusively as a buffet (I don't even know if there's an a la carte menu).  Going here feels much like going to a dining hall, except smaller.  You sit down, place your drink order, and then eat as much basmati rice, naan, chicken tikka masala, salad, or whatever is on the trays that evening as you care.  The young, noisy clientele really makes you feel like you're back in college.  Then you see the one or two older disheveled guys sitting by themselves in the corner or on the side eating alone to remind you that you're in the real world.
The food is actually not terrible: the basmati rice is flavorful, the naan is solid and able to hold a lot of the other dishes, the chicken tikka masala creamy, savory, and with large pieces of chicken, and the mutter paneer was a delight.  It was the lamb saag that got us.  While my serving had no major problems (just large chunks of dry lamb that had a little flavor), it was the BF's portion that made us both do a double take.  As he put the food in his mouth, he realized that something was hard to chew, and it was when he pulled a 6" piece of plastic wrap out of his mouth, I knew that I could eat no more.  Utterly gross and horrible.
While our waiters pushed us to enjoy one of the complimentary desserts included in the buffet, we honestly just didn't have the appetite to stomach it.  If not for the other time that we came here and had a pretty decent meal, I would have probably given this an automatic one star based on this experience alone.  However my rating reflects the average of our two trips here.  Maybe I'll come back if I can get over the plastic wrap hidden in the food.  But with another Indian buffet located around the corner and other cheap dining options nearby, it's hard to make a case for me to revisit New Delhi.SO GOOD OH MY GOD. 
The tikka masala is so good. The Bira White beer with a monkey on it is really good too. 
Samosas are crispy on the outside and so soft on the inside. 
Just be careful not to burn yourself on the buffet.What is all the fuss about? After hearing an obnoxious amount of people say that New Delhi is, "by far," the best Indian food in Philly, I had to give it a try. What did I find? Meh.
Being a huge advocate for Indian food and a regular diner and buffet patron, I have been to my share of Indian restaurants in the area: Ekta, Tiffin, Himalayan, Delhi, Sitar, and the list goes on. The New Delhi dinner buffet is perhaps one-up from the bottom of my list. 
Options-wise, they simply didn't have that much to offer; two chicken dishes, one of which featured "white meat" which was in fact dark, and tandoori chicken which wasn't horrible, but definitely on the dryer side. Their saag took on a shade that resembled an olive brown, rather than green--was the spinach fresh? Their vegetable pakoras consisted of pieces of puny, slightly burnt cauliflower pieces covered in gobs of batter; the pakora chicken wings were not burnt, but simply had almost no meat to them. The vegetable malai kofta were decent, but also not the best I've ever had. All in all, the buffet was a bit too americanized for my liking, (there was macaroni salad in the salad bar!), and not spicy in the slightest bit. Maybe that's why people like it? 
All-in-all, the food was mediocre, some dishes even being cold (not intentionally), and not too many options to choose from on top of this. New Delhi is very attentive service-wise, however, with servers constantly coming around, asking how you are and attempting conversation. Not always what one wants when eating their meal; yet,  at least dirty plates were taken away speedily. They also serve you your choice of dessert to your table, which is a nice touch. The pistachio ice cream itself was just average, but I liked that aspect of their service nevertheless. 
In the University City district, skip New Delhi and head on over to the tastier, albeit shabbier looking, Sitar a few blocks away. 
I'm giving New Delhi three stars because they also labeled the buffet item's if they were gluten-free or containing potential allergens, which pleased my gluten-sensitive self. I knew what I was getting, even if it didn't take the greatest.Still three stars. Its still good. All of us liked the food in the lunch buffet. Its not spectacular, but its good. Also, the waitstaff are actually pretty attentive here. For dessert in the buffet you can choose from a number of things on the printed menu. I would say that the mango icecream is the best dessert! Dont miss it!Wondrous buffet with an assortment of decadent options. Cooked and spiced to perfection leaving my wanting for more and fulfilling that wish immediately. Affordable and satisfying through and through. Service is quick and the food is refilled constantly.The one-stop shop for decent Indian food, service, and atmosphere!
FOOD: 4/5
Compared to Sitar, the options here are fewer but by far not limited! Despite fewer options, the quality doesn't disappoint. I think the price is fairly comparable, although the walk is a bit more distant from the middle of Penn. Love their chicken; I avoid the rice not because it's bad, but because the nan is so much more delicious! Rice pudding here is yummy, and they have a decent salad bar to help you feel less guilty about overeating! =p. Unlike Sitar, this place offers you free mango ice cream at the end. What a great way to wrap up a nice meal!
SERVICE: 5/5
Staff is always ready to serve you. Friendly, helpful, and attentive. Nothing to complain, and definitely above par. 
AMBIANCE: 5/5
Never too crowded, and never impossible to find tables. The place is definitely more spacious than Sitar and offers some outdoor seating. Not a bad place to simply grab some drinks either. The place is neither too rowdy nor too quiet, so it's perfect for a casual chat to catch up with friends.this is by far the best restaurant for indian food in philadelphia.  the food is awesome.  it is all you can eat buffet style.  great place to go if you are starving for indian food.This is the first Indian restaurant I've ever been to!! They had many different soups/dishes out. The food was great! The NAN (flat bread) went with many of the soups. The decor and atmosphere of the restaurant was great! The price was reasonable, about 11 dollars per person for dinner. They had a nice and clean bathroom. After you finished your meal, they complimented you with Indian flavors ice creams. I can't remember the name of the flavor that I ate, but it tasted good!Two words: Chicken Tikka. I'm pretty sure the daily buffet always includes this staple, because it's always been there on my trips. In addition to the tikka, I love that you can start your meal with a base of always fresh vegetables: romaine lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, and more. After I fill my plate with vegetables, I don't feel so bad covering them with the creamy items from the buffet and finishing it off with a side of raita and a piece of naan (or two). I'm usually too stuffed after one plate to go back for seconds, but there is always room for dessert. I stick with the gulab jamun, aka honey cake balls. They've also recently updated their decor, so there are no more work-inappropriate paintings and now the room is filled with sunlight from the large plate glass wall at the front of the restaurant. 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Indian buffet in the city. Lunch buffet runs about $11 with tax and tip, dinner is few bucks more. This place is great for groups as they can accommodate just about any party size.Update- I have been back at least 3 more times and with larger parties. Once, I called to let them know in advance that there was a party of 10 and if there were tables available. They spoke so fast and hung up at least twice that I wasn't sure at all if they heard me correctly. I gave up trying and just arrived to find out they already had tables ready. Food is still consistent every visit if not better.I hate that it closes on Mondays, and their working hours are ridiculous. I would have given it a five stares if they had a reasonable working hours. X( 
The Makhni chicken is amazing. You can order it online. 
- THIS IS ONE OF MY BEST RESTAURANTS IN PHILADELPHIA.Oh god, my mouth begins to water just thinking about their buffet.
Service is great and the food is delicious and authentic. Everyone I've gone with--from dates to families with toddlers--love it.
I like the atmosphere, but it can get pretty crowded and/or noisy. 
I've ordered both off the menu and had just the buffet. Both are good, though the buffet is clearly more economical.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is awesome.
One warning: Don't bother with the alcoholic beverages. Oh god, worst mojito I've ever had. Probably my fault for ordering a mojito at an Indian restaurant, but whatever. Others I know have had the Indian beer (forget the name) and thought it was so-so.I ordered from Uber Eats, Food is very fresh, tender, juicy, flavorful. Ordered over Uber eats. In case your wondering . They give you plenty of rice with each entree. No need to order extra . I'm Nigerians and Haitian so I'm a rice lover to put into perspective . I got the classic chicken tikki masala, shrimp saag, lamb roganjosh. Everything was amazing will order again .This restaurant has made it to the top! So I was inquisitive to try it out. I had their dinner buffet last year and found it to be very ordinary. With this new rating I thought I had missed out on some recent development. I went this weekend with friends and family for the buffet. One good thing about it is that they are open late till 4:00 pm. So if you are hungry late in the afternoon, and haven't got a place to go to, you can head for New Delhi for a taste of less than average cooking. The spread is nothing to boast about, if at all, it is on the smaller side. The only thing that we liked were the samosas and the mango ice cream. The rest was colorful, unappetizing and downright humble.I have only had their kofta balls and naan, but holy shit, it was amazing.  Service is quick (but not too quick where you're thinking, did you just nuke this from a frozen bulk supply?) and attentive.  Small and cute restaurant.  Pleasant!
Can't wait to go back.The food is not the best Indian food in Philly, but it's always solid, and never disappoints. It varies very little from visit to visit, I've never gone home disappointed. Their buffets are pretty great deals at $8 and $12 for lunch and dinner respectively, I don't think I've ever ordered a la carte.
As for the buffet, it's refreshed often, everything is always hot and fresh, and as stated, the quality varies little from visit to visit. It's also a nice touch that they include a dessert; I always get the kulfi, which is rich but the tiny portion is just the right amount of sweet for the end of a meal.
The waiters are, I think, mostly used to the buffet crowd, so they're either too present at refilling your water or hovering over your plate to take it away, or they're totally absent and it's nearly impossible to flag one down when you want to pay. Still, since you're mostly left to your own devices, which is nice, and this is always a good standby when in West Philly.I am an Indian and have been to plenty of Indian restaurants in US. Usually the buffets suck or is too bland. New Delhi has amazing buffet. It wasn't too much variety but each and every dish was finger licking delicious. The samosas were yummy too. I am a vegetarian so I do not know abt the non-veg. The palak panner, malai kofta, daal fry, navratan korma were all up to the mark. I also had the mango kulfi there (not in buffet) and it is a must must try. Yum !! Would go back soon.I love this place. The buffet is the best one on the planet, the people are friendly and the food is great, especially the mango lassi.The only delivery in West Philly I look forward to. Seriously.
Chana Saag is bomb! Shrimp Vindaloo is also bomb!
When ordering take out, medium spicy = barely edible so I wouldn't recommend going higher unless you know what you are in for.
Medium plus can be deadly.yes!!!! Finally found a good Indian Buffet in the city! A buddy of mine has been coming here for years and had been talking about it for quite some time. We did the lunch buffet which was only $10! They had the standard tandoor chicken, Tikaa Masala, Chicken Biryani. a few rices. some braised goat, some lamb and samosas. They also had a good sized salad bar. My favotire was a dish I had never eaten. it was Saag (the green spinach sauce) but instead of the cheese it usually has, this one had lamb. SUPER good, I was bummed I hadn't noticed this on my first trip to the buffet haha The tandoori chicken was also very good, although a bit dry. I am definitely going back. Just a no frills great Indian Buffet for a solid price.I don't like Indian food, but I love this place! Ask for a mango shakeMy first Indian buffet in which I could have done without, my BF said he wanted to take our daughter to  something different rather than the TGI Fridays and Chilli's of the world. So I ask what did he have in mind. He said Indian food. Now yelpers I have a 3 y.o daughter not 10 or 12. A 3 y.o. Now I am all for trying new things and teaching her diversity but please tell me what she going to remember about an Indian buffet let alone how in the hell Iam going to get her to eat the food. I have a fight trying to get her to eat hots dogs and chicken nuggets. Now how am I going to get her to eat curry and other wonderful Indian foods. Not wanting to argue I packed up my baby girl and headed to New Delhi. My Daughter and I were first timers but my BF is a regular he so he knows just about everyone and everything on the menu. The restuarant was clean alittle crownded but it was a good family oriented atmosphere. Once settled I started out on the journey a head of me. While my BF was in Indian heaven I was walking around trying find something for her to eat. Everything she saw was Mommy what is that , what is this. I dont want that. While I was walking in circles trying to get her to eat somethin. My BF was working on his third plate. We finally settled on sum chicken ( I dont know the name but it was orange) rice and naan. Surpise she loved it and she could stop eating the naan. Me I had some lamb in a spinach sauce with naan. I also tried other things one of my complaint's was the food could have been warmer. Like I dont like luke warm curry. It just doesnt taste pleasing. I wish they would have more of a variety. If I am not mistaking the buffet far as hot food had about 8- 10 items. I expected much more maybe would have a better experience if we left the little miss home.Ordered delivery from this place. It took them an hour and a half to deliver only two dishes (lamb korma and chicken tikka masala) plus an appetizer (chicken pakora)!! Furthermore, we were never warned it would take that long to get our food. Besides the appalling delivery time, the food was pretty good. The chicken tikka masala was great-- perfect balance of spices, creamy texture, etc. The lamb korma wasn't the best I've ever had...wish the lamb was a bit more tender, but the overall taste was good. The chicken pakora was pretty weird, at least I've never had pakora like that before-- They look/taste more like indian-spiced chicken fingers -- not bad, but still not what I was expecting! 
Next time, I'll skip the delivery and try out the buffet instead!I've been here a gazillion times but only once recently.  My dining companion and I went here before becoming movie companions at the bridge down the street.  I went for the buffet option and it was really yummy.  I really like their Naan long time.  I didn't notice any Korma (my favorite curry dish) on buffet, but I did have some yummy lentils and other things.  
I did ask for seltzer water and got still that sucked.New Delhi is one of the best Indian buggets anywhere.  The selection was excellent, including Goat Curry, Lamb Paneer, Chicken Biryani, Tandoori Chicken, Samosas, and other items, all delicious.  The salad bar was fresh and tasty, and the rice pudding made an excellent dessert.   They have upped their game by putting a signigicant selection of craft beers on teh menu as well.  Moreover, the price is right, and the atmosphere was extremely friendly to our group of 8 adults and 2 small children.I had driven by here a million times but this day I finally stopped in. There were only a few people in there. Maybe because it was 3 in the afternoon. Anyway, I was seated immediately....the waiter was friendly. I go to the ladies room to wash up. Test #1...is the bathroom clean and the water hot? Yes. The bathroom was spotless and the water was hot. I don't trust restaurants who don't have hot water when I'm washing up. Big no. 
On to the drinks. The bar isn't an actual sit down bar...just like a stand with a bartender and some basic drinks. He was friendly too. While they didn't have the vodka I usually order, they did have Grey Goose. So far so good. Now for Test #2...are the drinks cheap? I asked the price of the drink. $6. Jackpot! 
On to the food. I grab a plate. Cheap drinks are cool but how is the food. The food was good...enjoyable. I actually think the food at Tandoor India is better but the friendly service, nice decor and the fact that they serve alcohol (Tandoor India does not) puts it over the top for me. They even have a Happy Hour. I'm in love.OVER-RATED!!
Trust me, the only reason people talk about it so much is because it looks nice. Which is true, its got the nicest (relatively) indoor decor for an Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.
If you're at New Delhi, go around to the corner on 40th street to Tandoor. Their food is definitely better. If you have a car, go to Desi Village (46th and Baltimore), the best Indian joint in West Philly.The Vindaloo is not tomato based and it's very greasy.  What they call Naan is more like pita bread.  Not good!last time i will order from this resturant, horrible delivery people rude and disrespectful. called the resturant they didnt really care and actually thought it was funny that i would call to say the driver was very rude. no matter how good the food is if you provide poor service people should not continue to eat here,i will not be going back. folks do not accept horrible service from these resturants, plenty of places to choose from so why dont we allwork together to make sure resturants earn our business.If you're a broke Uni student like the most of us are around University City, then New Delhi Indian Restaurant is your haven away from your mum's cooking. 
The buffet is divine, and the things they have will surely have you coming back for seconds, and thirds, and fourths - you know what I mean. It's just good. 
The staff is very friendly and joke around with you which leaves you smiling at the end of the day. 
The food is divine, but I love the desserts the best. Their Gulab Kamun (Homemade milk balls dipped in honey syrup) is definitely something to try out. I would take pictures, but I was too busy stuffing my face.Wonderful array of fresh buffet items. All the items were flavorful with just enough spice. My favorites are the Nan, stewed okra, and the creamy rice pudding.
The wait staff were also quite hospitable and pleasant. Can't wait to go back!GREAT FOOD!!!! i love buffets. esp ones that include dessert! but since i have had the glorious indian food from ekta i cant help but compare everything to it...and new dehli was lagging far behind ekta.Omg... I love Indian food and this is where I go to eat!!! The place is nice and cosy and very dark.... I like dark... the guys are friendly and they don't rush you like some buffets do!Some of the best Indian food I have ever had.
Incredible flavor, reasonable prices, and very friendly people.  Their samosa chat is a meal for two for $6.95, and so delicious.  And they deliver to West Philly (at least to University City).  Highly, highly recommend.  Big up yourself, New Delhi Indian Restaurant.They did it.  
I know my previous reviews are attached to this one, so I won't go into too much detail.  I've been coming here for years.  Lately, the wife and I have been coming here a little more often in our Indian food rotation.  
I said before that they had to do a few things better to get the 4th star from me.  Well, they've done it.  
One example... I've tasted their chicken tikka masala many times over the years.  Many times neither I nor my wife liked it.  They were killing it with the spice for a good while.  I mean, spicy Indian food is good, but something was off on this dish.  
The last few times, they've gotten it right.  I think my wife is even beginning to crave it now.  So they've got that going for them  
Their Tandoori Chicken has improved over the years.  I remember when every piece used to be dry.  Now, they're figuring it out it seems.  
Plus, we brought my wife's parents who are in town from Mumbai this past Friday.  If you can please them, that's a big win. 
They were pleased.  Seconds were had happily by everyone.   We also highly enjoyed the malai kofta they served on Friday.  Excellent flavor!
I've noticed the reviews getting better here.  I've noticed the crowds improving here.  I'm ready to join in the chorus now.  
This place is worthy again.The place is small and hard to find a seat. But the food is good although the buffet items are limited. Pricing is perfect. Would go there every weekend.I'm sitting here eating delivery from New Delhi and felt compelled to add to the collection of great reviews.  I'll probably regret this later seeing that my fingers are a little oily, but it's worth it I'm sure.
The usual dishes - chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, etc. - are fine and dandy, as you can read in the rest of the reviews.  But I highly recommend you try the other fare as well.  I love the dal makhni and channa masala.    If you're not going for the buffet, try the makhni chicken - it's my absolute fave and almost compares to my Indian friend's mom's homemade.  On that note, all of my Indian friends love it here as well.  No, it's not the same as homemade, but it's pretty damn close.
If you love mango, go for a mango lassi or the mango ice cream.  The rest of the desserts are great, as well, but I find the mango ice cream to be refreshing at the end of this kind of meal.
I tend to get delivery seeing as that I'm usually holed up in my room studying, and I've never had a problem with their delivery service - fairly prompt given the volume of people they serve, and always hot and fresh.Tried this place for the first time with my vegan boyfriend. When you have a craving for Indian food, a buffet is the only way to go. Why? Because you'll pay a lot less money for a lot more food, or for as many vegetable samosas as you can possibly handle. For $11.95 per person (dinner price), you can't really go wrong with this place. So why not 5 stars? Well, they didn't have a ton of vegan options. Don't get me wrong, we left full and fat and happy, but we didn't have a ton to choose from when sticking with the vegan menu. Other than that, no complaints here.Love this place!!!! The buffet always had a wonderful array of choices and they refresh things regularly. It's a great option for the price too! This is definitely a place I will be frequenting often.Ok, I admit that I'm giving 5 stars because I've been going here almost my entire life, and the food has stayed reliably delicious. It's not always perfect, especially if you're really craving spice, but how can you beat the buffet, with tea and dessert included and a 10% student discount? The Tandoori chicken can be hit or miss, but their mutter or saag paneer is just lovely, as well as the lamb saag, tikka masala, and fried chicken (coated in chickpea flour, so you feel 2% better about eating them). The owner told us that they changed the kitschy decor to a sleeker look because that's what they're doing in India...personally, I liked the old look better, but hey, now you get a long, silvery, space-trek to the bathroom.Sometimes restaurants tries to invent new dishes.  Fortunately/ Unfortunately it either turns into success or not much success.  Unfortunately, there are some dishes at New Delhi that attempts to make new inventions that need to go back to the drawing board.  
Last week, we had the buffet
Chicken Wing Pakora's:  fried too long or left too long on the buffet table.
Mixed Veggies were too oily.  
Naan had alot of Gee (melted butter), also Naan was cooked too long so it became too chewy.  
Tandoori Chicken was really red on the outside.  
Lamb:  Could use alot more flavor.  Also, they used all boneless pieces.  Please consider using goat and pieces around the ribs, it'll make your sauce alot more flavorful.
Rice Pudding is good.  Although it's missing cardamon and alittle nutmeg.
New Delhi has some highlights such as their rice pudding.  However, it's really hard to give this place more than 2 stars when tandoori chicken is cold and hard, and new inventions such as Chicken Wing Pakora is really bland and dry.3.5 stars.
      I went in here a few days ago to try the much vaunted Indian food here. 
        The place itself is really clean and looks like they either recently remodeled or just really take care of the place. The buffet areas were really really clean, which is not always easy to do/maintain. I stepped up and began my sampling of ND's wares. Vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala and the mutter paneer. The vegetable samosa was the best outside of one of my old boss's wives samosa. Beautifully crisp outer shell, yet flaky and not over fried. The samosa filling was really good and had a fair amount of spice. The chicken tikka masala was really good and rivaled Tiffin's. The mutter paneer was pretty good, though in truth I probably like Tiffin's better. Though to be fair, Tiffin cooks theirs on demand vs. ND's sitting around in a warmer. Speaking of which the trays were so hot that the serving handles were almost too hot to touch. 
On my second pass I tried the lamb saag, dal mahkni and another dish who's name escapes me. The Lamb in the lamb saag was very tender and had some flavor to it. The green sauce looked horrible, like something from the movie Swamp Thing. However it tasted pretty good. The Dal Mahkni on the other hand looked watery and didn't taste that great. The other dish I got was similarly watery and didn't have a lot of spice to it either. The Naan I got was tasty and light/fluffy/not overbaked/cooked.
I had the rice pudding dish for dessert and it perfectly complemented and settled down my stomach after some of the spicy things I had.
Service was excellent. I always got a quick refill on water and my empty plate(s) were whisked away in a jiff.
Overall what I liked, I liked a lot. I wish I'd had a chance to try the tandoori chicken and a few other things. Stay tuned.....Hands down the best Indian restaurant in Philly. Their food is delicious,  the customer service is on point, the prices are reasonable. Finish off with mango ice cream, it's perfect.Bangin.  One word review.  Discount these other words.  Seriously though, this place has never disappointed.  I often eat here for lunch and get the buffet, so there is never a wait.  Don't get discouraged when I say "buffet" because the food is actually pretty good.  The servers are attentive and the atmosphere is very conducive to having a relaxing meal.Really solid buffet. Inexpensive and the staff was friendly.  The restaurant was very clean.  I would definitely go here again.LOVE this place! EXCELLENT options for a VEGAN!:-) food is absolutely delicious and portion size is generous. Great Buffet for both Lunch and Dinner.  
My faves: Bhagan Barta, Bindi Masala, and Chana Masala.We decided to dine here on New Years Eve.  I know most places have fixed menus, and would have been packed and we thought why not Indian!  I love Indian food and once asked a cab driver from Indian what he thought the most authentic food in the city was.  When he said New Delhi, I knew I had to get there even if University City is a little bit of a hike.  
I called ahead to make sure that they had openings.  They said that they did in fact, and that they were open until 10.  We had to cab, and arrived at 9:20.  At this point I found out there was a buffet, but we had planned on ordering from the menu.  I did not think much of showing up at 9:20 because we're quick eaters, and we had plans for later on anyway.  However, we were literally bum rushed at the door by two men who said "we close at 10."  I gave a confused look and said ok?  He then said "well the kitchen is closed."  The last time I checked if you are open until 10, you're open until 10.  When I had called ahead, there was no mention of this or we would not have cabbed out this way.  The other man intervened and said in a stern voice "fine, 5 minutes."  I have to be honest, normally I would just said no thanks, as this was one of the rudest greetings I'd ever experienced, but we were really hungry and had somewhere to be. 
They then hastily brought menus over to us and reminded us AGAIN that we had 5 minutes.  We quickly ordered an entree and two appetizers while he literally stood over us in the most uncomfortable way.  We also got some naan.  
The food came out quickly even though the "kitchen was closed" and we got our naan first.  It was very good.  We then got our samosas which were delicious and a shrimp dish.  I found it to be very good, but my guest wasn't a huge fan.  She suggested this because it's her favorite thing to order at Indian spots and just thought the taste was off.  We asked for it to be spicy, and it was in fact lacking that kick.  
As we were eating two different groups of people came in to eat and they were actually turned away.  One group basically begged for takeout, and they were told no.  I cannot imagine that the owner was there.  Now mind you it was NYE, so maybe they had plans, but they were pretty old to be rushing out to a party.  
I am a frequent diner in Philadelphia and this hands down was the least pleasurable experience I've had out in this city.  The food is good yes, but not at all good enough to warrant that type of service.  At the end of our food (which took us a whopping 15 minutes to eat) they promptly dropped the check.  We were out BEFORE 10, which would have happened even if we weren't rushing.  Also note we didn't order any alcohol, so it was clear we were there to eat and leave.  
There are other wonderful amazing Indian spots with kind/enthusiastic service.  I will not be returning.
A lot of people reviewing this place really dig the buffet, but since I went with the menu I cannot speak on that.Good for takeout. We usually get 3 dishes (paneer, a veggie masala, and a lamb dish). Their masalas are a little on the salty side. Our delivery orders (to 49th and Baltimore) usually take 60m to arrive.
Don't order basmati rice unless you want extra rice. They provide one container of basically white long grain rice (with an intimation of seasoning) per dish you order. The basmati rice is just another container of the standard fare.This is a great place to for casual lunch or dinner. The restaurant is really versatile, I think -- can fit well for a variety of occasions. It's modern and clean, spacious. Small buffet in the middle, but I believe they have a regular menu for those who wishes to opt out of the buffet. I always went here for the buffet so I'm not sure how the other non-buffet fares.
I think the food is decent and the service is always really good. If I were to choose between Sitar and New Dehli just based on food (taste & selection), however, I'd probably go to Sitar. 
Nonetheless, this place never disappoints! I'm a fan.This review is for the buffet only which was very basic, but (like the rating says) A-OK. I think the price is just right, too. I was on a mandatory assignment to get  some Indian food in my brother and this was totally accomplished.Note: This review is strictly for the buffet.
I have stopped by New Delhi on only a few occasions, and each time I remember why I don't go out of my way to go here. The restaurant itself is quite large and pretty clean from what I've observed but...
The food is just above average. I have Ekta just around the corner form my house, so that is reason enough to never leave my neck of the woods. The food here, while acceptable and well-cooked, is lacking. I don't taste the careful attention to detail and almost scientific blend of spices/flavors that draws me to Indian food in the first place. 
Strangely enough, one thing that I do LOVE here is the mango mojito. It is delicious and at a more-than-reasonable price. I also like the fact the the buffet comes with dessert. The desserts themselves are forgettable but I appreciate the effort.
I've never sat in it, but the outside seating area seems nice and the wait staff is fine.I generally have a policy when it comes to Indian food from buffets: never order it for delivery. The reason is that it often costs way more than just walking over and eating there. But every now and again, you really want Indian food, and you're stuck in the office. If that happens, I suggest you order from New Delhi using Campusfood.com. Here's a review of a delivery order.
We were stuck working late, and so we put in an order for: some naan, some garlic naan, the vegetables malai kofta, and the paneer makhni. The latter two came with rice. 
A note of caution: if you order online, you can select your heat level. I generally like my food really hot, but I was persuaded to go with the "medium" level, which was like 4 down from the top level! I'm kind of glad I was. It was pretty hot, probably around the hottest level at other places, and I hear that the hottest level here is inedible. I might go to "medium plus" next time. 
My favorite was the paneer makhni--"cheese cubes cooked in tomato sauce with butter." It was freaking delicious, with a creamy red sauce and perfectly textured cheese cubes. The vegetable malai kofta was extremely similar, but it had fried veggie dumpling-ish things in it.  Of course, the naan was good. 
Everything arrived right at the promised time, and the driver was pleasant. All in all, the tab was $32 with fees and tip, not too bad for dinner.Though I havn't had any other Indian food in University city, I might go out on a limb and say New Delhi is the best, considering I come back every time and I have the urge to try the whole menu. 
The buffet makes my mouth water and they definitely dont skimp. Everything is prepared fresh and doesnt sit for hours like at most buffets. (you can watch them bringing out new trays frequently)
I usuallly to take out though. Of all the dishes ive had there has only been one (chicken tikka, NOT masala) that I havnt liked. However, i think that is the dish itself, not the way they make it. 
Basically: Go here, eat it, and unless you are CRAZY about spicy food, i wouldnt recommend getting above mild or medium!Went here for lunch buffet. Good selection - lamb saag, chicken tandoori, chicken vindaloo, lentils, a few other vegetarian options. Also some salad with fixings, sauces and rice pudding for desert. The lamb saag was very good.
Dropped a pitcher of water off at the table and cleared empty plates quickly. Will return for lunch again.Tried dinner buffet here. The lamb and indian naan are good. The dishes are not too spicy or too curry in a good way. I really enjoyed dipping naan into the lamb soup.
But found out NO Samosas served on Wednesday and Thursday. No dessert (on their website, it said appetizer, main dish and dessert included in the buffet).  Too little selection to a buffet.   So called, you get what you pay for.It is what I always imagine it to be. I only come for the buffet, and I'm never disappointed. Everything tastes good. All of it. All the food. And they have cheap tasty drinks all day! I feel so blessed to live near this amazing delicious Indiani like that the vegan items in the buffet are clearly labeled as being vegan (as are the gluten free items, for those that care.) the dal and chana masala were pretty good, if a little soupy. as new delhi is right across the street from work i would surely come back here for lunch again.Extremely late order... 1.5 hrs. They blamed it on catering orders. Don't trust quoted order time estimates. And when you call... don't expect any customer service.I love  their weekend buffet. Fresh salad bar and baked Naan. The Palak Paneer , Lamb Saag Wala and veggie samosa are my favs. I love the clean and open environment.The best Indiana restaurant I have ever visited!In my opinion, if you don't get the buffet here, you're just being silly. They have stuff in red sauces, green sauces, and other color sauces. I can't tell you what any of it is called, but it's all delicious. Rice aplenty and lots of the bread (nan?) to go with everything. There's also a salad bar and rice pudding, which tastes like it was made with lots of love. Also, dessert is included. I've never had anything but the honey dough balls, because those are so amazing I can't even entertain the idea of another dessert. Seriously, just order them; just say "honey dough balls" and they'll know what you mean.Admittedly, I was never a fan of Indian food until I tried this place, but I love what they have here. I usually get the paneer palak and chicken tikka masala, both of which are fantastic! The buffet dinner is relatively inexpensive (~$10, including dessert), and it offers a number of choices. The service is especially wonderful. If you're looking for an Indian restaurant in West Philly, I don't think you'll find a better one.Sometimes you just want something quick, filling, inexpensive, and also pretty tasty. Those are usually the days New Delhi is a great option (and often where I end up). There's usually a decent amount of parking on Chestnut, by the police station, so I find myself heading over for some Indian buffet.
$11.95 allows you to eat to your heart's content at the buffet and also gets you a dessert. The food is okay, the chicken tikka masala is tasty but lacking some of that rich flavor. The naan is average, and the chicken wings are good, but may get a bit dry and overdone.
I do love the kulfi (pistachio ice cream), the mango ice cream, and really all the desserts. They offer quite a refreshing end to gorging yourself on food. 
I wouldn't say New Delhi offers the best Indian food in town. It's definitely a good value, and a quick place to fill your belly (perhaps a little too much) though.maybe the best Indian buffet I've ever been to.  Granted I've been to less than 10.  
The buffet options are not that many, but I like that.  Fewer dishes on the buffet makes it more likely everything is super fresh.  And yes, everything on the buffet is super fresh.  The dishes change daily, you can check their website for what will be out on certain days.this is not only my favorite indian restaurant, this is my favorite restaurant in all of phildelphia, hands down. i say that in part because it is the only restaurant that i have frequented on a regular basis over the past 13+ years. it's hard to put into words what i love about this place...but i shall try...
my first new delhi experience was october of 1995, yet it seems like just yesterday. i was a freshman at drexel, and a sophomore friend who was helping me with a film class project suggested we get some take-out while watching movies. he called in an order to new delhi and we trekked from powelton village thru penn's campus in the cold. i was bitter about having to walk so far to get our food, wondering why we couldn't get something closer, or better yet - delivery! after walking all the way back in the cold and then unwrapping the tightly sealed packages with nearly frost-bitten fingers, i pretty much would have been satisfied with anything. i wasn't satisfied. i was blown the eff away!
since that first experience (tho not my first indian endeavor, mind you), i have ordered off the menu a mere handful of times compared to the number of visits where i opted for the buffet. now, i am not one for buffets as i generally am weary of the vats of food sitting for long periods of time, however, just as the clientele at new delhi is constantly turning over, so does the food. in one short visit i have seen the naan replenished 3 times - that's a lot. the staff on the other hand? talk about low turnover rate...i gather this must be a family operation because i have seen the same men working there since '95.
and the food, oh the food! while the buffet items are typically not as spicy as ordering a la carte...i have been quite grateful for the pitcher of water left at the table on many an occasion. as i'm the type of eater who takes a bit of this, and then a bit of that, and often mixes flavors and sauces, i can never be sure which was hot and which was not, but who really cares? all are tasty, and that's what matters.
my favorite dishes are the malai kofta, gobi masala, palak paneer and [sorry, i don't know the exact indian name for it] the vegetable pakora in a lemon chickpea sauce...tho i have yet to have anything i disliked here. at least 2 of the above items are always on the buffet when i go in (typically on weekends) as well as naan, basmati rice, samosas and of course a few meat dishes...ya know, if that's your thing.
since the renovation about a year and a half ago, they have also been offering rice pudding (on the side, next to the salad bar), but you still get your choice of dessert as well as coffee or tea along with the buffet, which is already a steal at $9/lunch, $12/dinner. i'm a sucker for gulab jamun and kulfi, tho lately i have been filling up on my food and haven't had the room for it - sacrilege, i know! speaking of which, who else remembers when the front/waiting room housed a sweets counter? man, that was some good stuff...
what can i say? i have requested to be taken here by my bf on special occasions ... i have driven out of my way to come here when other options were closer/easier ... i have opted to see movies at the bridge over other theaters in order to dine at new delhi ... i have been eating here for nearly 14 years! clearly, i love this restaurant, and if you haven't tried it yet, well, what are you waiting for, a UYE? if so, you're in luck - check the events page! http://www.yelp.com/events/philadelphia-new-delhi-uyeTo make it brief and sweet:
This is our favorite Indian  food Restsurant for the last 20 years. Never I repeat never did we have anything but outstanding and totally consistent Indian food not to mention it is very clean   Simply a place that should not be missed. Although the buffet is most popular with a great variety of dishes try items from their menu that are not available in their buffet.Great food for both me (vegetarian) and my meat eating husband! It was on time, and the portions were big! Definitely ordering from this place again!Pretty much the only place i get my indian food. I just wish they were a bit more friendly behind the counter.  It's a little expensive too for the portion i'm getting, it's kind of not a lot.They have the best culture food on the whole entire universe. Great service. Great food. Yummy. Yummy. Triple yummyThis place is pretty good. I went solo to the lunch buffet, and it was pretty busy at lunch time. The hot buffet was small, and good but not stunning. There is also a really fresh salad bar, which was nice. The service was great!So good, I rolled on home.
 Now laying in my bed in fetal position. 
Defiantly will go back soonThis restaurant always has issues when we place an order. The first time I placed an order the food was late and arrived after 2 hours for which Grub hub was gracious enough to offer a coupon. The next time I ordered on 4/20 the driver called me and said that the address I gave was wrong (seriously?) and stopped 2 blocks from where I live and I had to go pick the food. And today 4/23 I don't see the food in yet.The line out the door heightened my expectations and hunger for New Delhi's dinner buffet. Unfortunately, the food failed to match the restaurant's popularity, but the pricing of the meal softened the blow substantially.
This is unmistakably watered-down Indian cuisine served in abundant quantities for masses of hungry, economically minded students. None of the buffet food was memorable in a positive or negative way. The tandoori chicken lacked the trademark char expected from this quintessential Punjabi dish, the chicken tikka masala tasted solely of tomato and cream, and soggy naans suffered from being piled up on the steam table. However, the fried items (samosas and pakoras) were satisfactory, as were some of the vegetarian dishes. Selection was a bit above average, and free non-buffet dessert was a nice touch.
I understand why New Delhi is a popular Indian spot in UCity, it's very gringo and wallet friendly. If appetites are high and cash is low, it's an okay option. It won't, however, impress anyone familiar with authentic Indian food. The high marks of the meal won't warrant a return visit, but the low marks weren't offensive enough to warrant a lower rating.Cheap, delicious, and endless! It doesn't get any better [for me]. I love their fresh salad bar and don't forget to try the naan with hummus!Well, Yelp steered my right, thanks guys!  Did a search for somewhere to eat and had a hankering for Indian.  Sticking to my "only eating at 4+ stars when out of town" I pulled up New Delhi Restaurant.
Baigan bartha was delicious and not oily!  Best I have had in quite some time.  Plus the menu had vegan designations which I found extremely helpful.  
Will def return if I find myself back there.  
Go Redskins!So far this is the only Indian restaurant I've ate at and still retuned! Anyways, ambience is cool, (can) be intimate if you want, but it being a buffet style makes it not (for me). Decor is nice, lots of cultural arts on the wall which I like very much. It's buffet style, with someone there to take your drinks order, clean your table. Food is great!!! I only eat the sauce that has chicken!! Will post it. It's just a cool place. My cousin & I stopped here on our way home because we were hungry and wanted something good and familiar. You have to try it to see if it's your taste. Price is very reasonableIf New Delhi was in a different city I might only give it 3 stars but I've had some pretty bad Indian food in the Philadelphia area.  New Delhi isn't bad by any means. 
We ordered off the menu instead of eating the buffet.  
Veggie samosas, bhojia, paneer pakora, and patata-wada to start.  Everything was pretty standard. Mutter paneer and dal makhni as our entrees.  Also standard and served with plenty of rice and naan. The kulfi and kheer we had for dessert were nothing special.  
This food at least had some flavor and adequately satisfied my craving for Indian food.  I would go back.I love New Delhi. I've been here for their lunch buffet several times. My sister thinks that Tandoor India is better, but I don't!! Based on some of these other reviews, I must be an Indian food amateur. What snobbery! 
Their chicken tikka masala is dangerous. It's the reason that instead of walking out of this place, I float out like a blimp. Everything else (that I eat) on the buffet is just as tasty. 
Their waitstaff is friendly and always ready to take your plate. It's also never crowded when I'm there. New Delhi, you got my 5-star vote.Really liked the takeout because you get to choose the spicy level you want your dish. I opted for hot which didn't seem bad at first, but midway my taste buds were pretty burned. No fear, that's how I like my food sometimes. Got the chicken masala which was prepared quickly and came steaming hot from Postmates. It comes with a decent proportion that doesn't seem like a lot but is still difficult to get through considering how rich Indian food is.  Altogether would order again though I wish a platter was offered that wasn't just one dish for takeout.I can't even rave enough about this place. The food here is amazing. I tried Indian food here for the second time ever, and I haven't stopped coming to this place. I've tried a few others but continue to return to New Delhi. I have always gotten takeout, and the portions are extremely generous, hot, and delicious every time. My favorites are the chicken or lamb korma, and the vegetarian platter with the fried paneer and samosas. I've also had the beef samosas and patada wadas and they are wonderful as well. My picky husband who swears he hates Indian food craves their lamb Korma which is a huge deal.I have been going to this restaurant for probably close to 15 years! Their food is consistently good and you can't beat the selection or price of the buffet.  If you're on the fence about trying this place, it's worth trying it at least once.  Chances are, you will go back!So I ordered chicken tandoori online and had it delivered. The quality of the food was horrible. I tasted like boiled chicken with tandoori sauce on it. The chicken was very dry. I also asked them to include nan which they left out and just sent the sauce for it. When I called the guy said we saw you wrote you wanted it but didn't pay for it... so why not call and confirm it.. I would of added the extra dollar or so..... totally a waste of the 21 dollars I spent. I will never eat from this place again.....The year was 2003.  After my Saturday morning, four hour long lab sessions, I'd pick up my friend and we'd hit up New Delhi for the lunch buffet.      Back then, it really felt like a hole in the wall.  Now why would we consistently go to New Delhi every weekend?  Because the food is fantastic, that's why.  They generally have the same dishes all the time, but the quality is very good; they've perfected the dishes they make.  And the buffet includes one of a choice of desserts.  (My favorite is the gulab jamun.)
Fast forward to 2011.  The food is still good quality, even if they're pretty much the same dishes.  But it's undergone a fancy renovation.  The layout is greatly improved with nice interior decor.
The take-out is also a good deal.
By far my favorite Indian buffet place in the city.  It has stood the test of time.The food is decent. Google said they close at 11 and when we got there, they could have just told us we close soon. Sit us down and 5 mins later they rushed us to get food. Pay $30 for left over plus rushing us to finish. Smh.Great quality buffet at very good price.  2 kids 2 adults $40 for dinner including desert.  Can't beat it. Buffet is so good, I've never ordered off the menu.  Service is also very nice.  Lunch is even cheaper.  Very clean.Food was good but very salty. Naan was good but a little stale. Not the biggest fan of the buffet atmosphere but that being said its a great deal for tasty Indian.Best Indian lunch buffet in the city!! Not only is the food amazing, the hot chai that comes with it is the nicest I've had, even from a coffee shop! Service is friendly and restaurant is clean.The buffet they offer here is probably one of the best deals you can get. While the food isnt the best, it'll get the job done. If youre looking to pig out on Indian food without spending much, this is the place to go.The food was so delicious. I was there for lunch with 2 of my adult children. I had a 15% off coupon for signing up for their newsletter. The bill for the 3 of us came to $27. We got our money's worth at this great lunch buffet. The staff was so kind and helpful. I might go back today!TLDR: Based on their lunch buffet, New Delhi seems to be a decent if unremarkable option for South Asian food in Philly. I'm just happy to have paneer again.  More investigation of the venue is required. Highlights were the saag gosht and paneer tikka masala. Weak points were the pakoras and tandoori chicken, hopefully victims of the buffet environment. Biggest disappointment was the naan, also hopefully a victim of the buffet format. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Visited last Tuesday during lunch buffet hours. After staying in a London hostel above an Indian restaurant, reveling in Indian food for a week, I like to think I'm a connoisseur. Probably not. 
Not the best Indian food I've ever had, but certainly not the worst. Plus, it was a buffet: I didn't have to struggle over which of my favorite dishes to order on a limited budget. Instead, I had a variety of dishes curated for me. 
Given my predilection for goat/lamb, it's unsurprising that the saag gosht stands out to me among the dishes on offer that day. It was also the only curry/gravy dish which was spicy at all. Which is unfortunate, since I appreciate spicy food. They also offered paneer tikka masala, which was good, though the paneer wasn't cut large enough or tender enough to my liking. But paneer is paneer, so who can complain? There were two or three vegetable curries on offer, all good, none which stood out.  Some other curries and a biryani as well.  
The pakoras, being deep fried, did not benefit from the buffet format. The pastry was quite tough. I imagine the pakoras are better ordered from their menu. Same with their tandoori chicken. Tough, but I imagine it's better cooked individually to order. The biggest disappointment was the naan, which was thin and tough rather than soft, puffy, and chewy. Hopefully another victim of the buffet, but I'm suspicious, given they resupplied the naan several times while we were there.This place is excellent both in food and service.
The food is delicious and they have perhaps some of the best Channa Masala I've had. With a huge range of spiciness levels, you can easily have them make something to your taste. Some of the other dishes that were excellent were the lamb vindaloo, tikka masala, and naan selections. The buffet is decent, though I prefer the menu items.
I frequently order delivery and they are usually quite fast (30-60 minutes during a busy dinner rush). Dining in, the staff is always friendly.The martinis are great.  The food...meh.  The entree I got was pretty much entirely fried and a bit soggy.  Service was definitely lacking and it took us a full 15 minutes to get one of the waiters to flag down our waiter to get us the check.  It took him another 20 minutes to get it to us and take the credit card slip.They've remodeled to a modern interior, and buffet prices have obviously gone up over the years, but one thing will never change- best chicken tikka masala. EVER. This was the place I first tasted Indian food (meh...?), was coaxed back a second time (hmm...spicy),  then a third (ooh yummy chicken), and fourth (noms)... until I lost count (OM NOM NOM NOM NOM!).
The buffet is awesome. Plenty of choices, and plenty of chicken tikka masala. The selections rotate depending on which day you go. Their lamb curries and fried chicken wings (I don't remember what it was actually called) are also good. Use your second dessert stomach for some mango ice cream, and roll your happily stuffed self out the door :)New Delhi's dinner buffet is so bomb. For $12 you get a pretty nice selection of Indian dishes, with a nice mix of vegetarian and meat dishes. My go to is usually the Chicken tikka, with plenty of rice and some naan (on a good day I can manage to polish off 3 full plates), it's always been delicious and I've had it at plenty of different places. The rest of the choices are also pretty delicious, and they replenish the trays quite often. Desert is included with the buffet so make sure to leave room for that. The staff are always nice and do a good job at taking away empty plates so you have room for more on the table. The ambiance is pretty cool, I've heard Thievery Corporation being played a bunch of times while I was there. The reason I give it 4/5 is that I've ordered take out and it is pretty expensive for relatively small portions, for the price of the buffet I thought i should have gotten a little more. Although not the greatest Indian food around, definitely good if you're looking to get some bang for your buck.We received a warm welcome, and the environment overall was very pleasant. The buffet offered little variety. My favorite dish, chicken tikka masala, tasted great...but I cannot say the same about the other dishes. For an Indian restaurant with rich cuisine options, New Delhi is not a place I would choose twice. Others may find this place just fine. The quality of the store is fine, yet I would rather visit Tandoor, which is a block away, offering similar prices, yet much more scrumptious dish selections.I came here for lunch and had the buffet. I was really pleased with the options. I am a vegetarian, so I adore Indian food. The samosas were particularly delicious and the Naan was okay. The only Paleek-Paneer the day that I went had lamb in it, so that was sad.
It was a great place to eat - we could hear each other with no problem.This place has a wide variety of dishes and great pricing for those who are hungry. The Indian food is good, but the flavoring is a bit toned down, probably for those who are not use to Indian spices. Since I like spices (flavor and heat), this place isn't my first pick.I don't eat Indian food very often so we asked for a recommendation.  However, our waiter could not give any recommendation as to what we should choose.  
The appetizer was good, but neither the chicken or lamb we ordered was memorable.  The chicken was dry.
It looks pretty inside and out, too bad the food was not at the same level.Pros: KID FRIENDLY, big +. Food is awesome for a buffet and totally inexpensive for leaving with a belly full of goodness! Full salad bar with dessert in the buffet price. The lamb dish with spinach (Lamb Korma) is amazing...a never fail! Mango ice cream!!! Fruity, tropical drinks and full bar if you're into that sort of thing. Very hospitable servers who are very attentive, and they're English is great! 
Cons: A few years ago, this place was totally renovated. The current decor is nice and updated, but my family and I have been going years before and the dim lights, and karma sutra-like wall hangings from the past was much more authentic (and comical). The typical American favorite dish, the chicken tiki masala, is good, but taste a wee bit ketchupy...could just be me, but it's not the greatest I've had. 
Overall, the price is awesome for a family or a poor college student, and we'll keep going back.I've been here a bunch, and this last time for weekend lunch buffet was quite different. Apparently, lately they've added a lot of options, both meat based and vegetarian/GF. While I'm usually partial to Ekta around the corner for flavor, I was happy to be able to get over 6 main dishes, 4 sides, and 2-3 desserts all with a student discount to top it off. 
Like I said, if you're looking for super spicy or super flavorful Indian food, I think New Delhi plays it a bit on the safer side, allowing for more people of varying palates to enjoy everything. I'm also so happy with the goat curry, with tender meat and fatty pieces both on and off the bone. The korma, chicken tikka masala, and vegetables balls in sauce all added variety to the buffet, and I got to try at least 4 things I haven't had in the area at the closest buffets. They also serve alcohol, so if you don't want to BYO like at Ekta or Sitar, come and grab cheap beers at happy hour!Yessssssssssss! I hope this place stays here another 30 years. Terrific buffet and it doesn't close in the early afternoon like a lot of Indian restaurants. Tea and honey balls for the win!This has been my favorite Indian buffet for over 10 years now. There is always a large selection of delicious food to choose from, the wait staff are all very friendly and the price on the buffet is more than reasonable. I would recommend this place to anyone with 15 dollars in their bank account!Restaurant policy does not permit drivers to go upstairs in high rises to deliver food.  It's hard to call it delivery when I need to go downstairs to get the food. I would not normally care, however, with 2 small kids at home and being at home alone, the point of ordering in is specifically not to have to leave them.  The building is a very high end building with its own driveway with 20 minute parking, so there is no risk of ticketing, safety, or other. 
This policy *might* make sense for dorms, but my business is now going elsewhere since you choose to treat all customers like fraternities.Always used to order from the A La carte menu. Used to like their Biryani and also their Baingan barthaThis is not the best Indian food I've had, but the buffet is an excellent value. The dinner buffet includes 10+ entrees, including chicken tikka masala, lentils, paneer, and other favorites..Nothing spectacular. Comme ci comme aHave never been disappointed at this place. Great buffet with a good collection of chat and lamb curries. If you order a la cart, the veg platter is amazing!Clean and nice environment
Helpful staff
Great buffet food/always refilled on time
Really enjoy my time here, would always recommend.This place is great if you are craving some cheap Indian food and want to really stuff your face.  I have been going to this place since 1998 and have seen it rennovated to what it is today.  It's fantastic.  The only downfall is that they've gotten rid of their all-you-can-eat pappadam from the buffet, but everything is still delicious.  
Where else can you gorge yourself on saag paneer, chicken tiki masala, naan, samosas, onion chutney and like 15 other glorious buffet items for only 12 bucks.  Also included in the price is tea/coffee and a dessert.  I usually get the kulfi, which is a pistachio, condensed-milk-like ice cream, but you get the choice of delicous milk-balls dipped in honey or regular ice cream.  The place even honors a student discount when you say you're a student, but i feel a little guilty about doing that now since it's been like 5 years since I've been in school.  
If you're gonna come here, I advise wearing elastic waist pants.  Luckily, the dress code is lenient.I went here for the lunch buffet. Love the chicken Marsala and nann. The desert section of fruit could be fresher. Great place for a quick lunch. Parking was easy to find. Service is quick. I would come back.Came here with Indian friends, she said the food is authentic, I think buffet is good for people who hadn't tried Indian food before, so we can try different typesOrdered the 3-course dinner.
Paneer pakora was delicious
Dal Makhani was cooked to perfection. Rarely you find that well cooked dal makhani outside of North India especially Punjab.
Tandoori paratha was also very good
Quantity was a surprise too! It was a lot..Fave Indian restaurant in University City.  I've picked-up and had delivery more than I can count, and they are consistently quick with delivery and better than average on food quality.
A few of my faves:
 - Vegetable Samosas - these are super stuffed.  The ratio of filling to fried outer layer is superior to any samosas I've had from any other Indian joint in the area. 
 - Palak Paneer - spinach and cheese.  My most favorite Indian dish.  This dish got better since the first time I've had it from New Delhi.  I've noticed it to be less oily even at it's most spicy level (which is how I get it).  I thought that the oil contributed to the level of spice, but when I ordered this a couple of weeks ago it seemed to be spicy as hell but not to oily.  YUM!
 - Channa Saag - If you want the above but can't do the dairy, get this!  It's the same spinach as the above except they use chickpeas instead of cheese.
 - Chicken Curry - This is the bf's Indian food choice. ALWAYS. They don't skimp on the chicken and the sauce is awesome.
 - Plain or Garlic Naan - always need either of these to supplement the above. 
**Entrees come with their basmati rice which I LOOOOOVE!! 
They lose a star for the following reasons:
Their lamb can be a hit or miss. I've noticed some pieces to be more tender than others when ordering the Lamb Jal Farezi
Had the Chicken Vindaloo recently and the chicken was straight up dry.
Buffet - I don't find the food to be as fresh as when we get it to-go/delivered.
Prices are beyond reasonable for the amount of food you get.
They also have weekend discounts if you sign up for their email.  Deals are usually for 15% off for delivery or dine-in.
Ordering online is incredibly organized and convenient.  You can pick delivery for asap or for a later time, and pick your spice level for each dish.My favorite Indian buffet in Philadelphia.  The buffet has a good variety of vegetarian and meat offerings.  All the offerings are decent to good.  I went primarily for the Lamb Saag the other night, but was seduced by the Chicken Tikka Masala, which was oh-so-buttery. I went back for seconds, then thirds, then didn't have room for the included dessert :(
One fundamental downside of the buffet is that there are no leftovers, which I invariably regret at lunch the next day :(Very clean, great service, fresh salad, hot tandoori chicken, buffet was varied, samosa were crisp, naan was just right mix of stretchy, crisp, and buttery. Everything was great, I'd go back in a heartbeat.Excellent food, great mango ice cream. I go their especially for their chicken tikka.Desis, beware: New Delhi's food is not for us, especially not their buffet. Everything is bland and doesn't taste 'Indian' in the least. If you are looking for something more authentic, well, Tandoor next door has a better-tasting buffet, and if you're willing to compromise on the buffet, Dana Mandi on Chestnut street is as authentic as it gets!
New Delhi has by far the best ambience among the Indian restaurants in this area though, and also has very good service. Now, if only their food were a little better...I normally never do this, but i signed up for Yelp just to tell you all about how good this indian place is if you've never been here. As a penn graduate, I had the fortunate opportunity to eat at this place for 4 and a half years, see changes in layout design and befriend some management staff. I don't profess to understand the authenticity of this indian food, as I'm sure it would be somewhat different in India, but the price is great, the food is always fresh and delicious, and the staffers are always very nice to all of our college student requests. The new bar is a nice touch, and get the mango ice cream or the gulab jamun, thats a classic. Cheers to all the years of service in west philly and heres to many more. Oh yea I think all three restaurants in the area, tandoor, sitar and new dehli are owned by the same family, even though new dehli doesn't have the sag paneer i still love this place the best out of all three. Ask for the student discount! (they never check if you are actually a student or not)This is where I was first introduced to Indian food so maybe I'm a bit biased.  But if you look at the strength of its reviews you'd realize I'm not a rarity.  I used to visit this place more frequently when I was still in school in the area, but now obviously not so much.  The buffet is smaller than what I remember but it could just be because I visited during lunch when I used to only go for dinner there.  You do get free ice scream with the buffet (thanks to another Yelper who reminded me of that because I almost left without my delicious mango ice cream!!!!) and they give you a whole pitcher of water at your table.  And believe me, you'll need it.
I love, L-O-V-E, spicy food and this place delivers.  But it's not the mindless-so-spicy-I-can't-taste-anything-else spicy, I'm talking about spices that really tickle the tongue and engage your palate!
I know what dishes I like and which ones I don't like, but I do not know its names.  Shameful, I know.  But delicious nevertheless haha.  I especially love the lamb saag and naan.  It's my to-go dish everywhere else I try Idian food!  And here you actually get big pieces of meat with it too.  It was a dish that took a lot of convincing before I would event try it but it is absolutely delicious.  The green mush is creamed spinach in case anyone was wondering, with lamb in it of course.  The only thing I would say I do not like is the cauliflower and potato dish but it is mainly because I don't like a certain spice they use in it; but besides that I can't complain about anything else.
I think it's time for another trip to Philly!2.5 stars
while the food is not as good as the indian restaurant on south, new delhi isn't trying to be the indian restaurant on south. new delhi is located in university city so it's catering to the undergrad/grad school crowd who have a limited budget and want to eat as much as humanly possible for their dollar. new delhi's buffet, which appeared to be the popular choice among diners the evening i went, serves that purpose. i've never been a fan of buffets, and if i'm going to go out to eat, i want a relaxed atmosphere. the restaurant's noise level and constantly hovering waiters didn't provide that ambiance. as for the food, it was so-so; like some previous posters, the food was a little too americanized for my tastes.Bleh, what's the point of New Delhi? It's got to be the proximity to Penn's campus and the fact that there's a buffet, because other than that there's no reason to go to New Delhi. We tried for take out on a Friday night. Portions were small, and the food was unremarkable. We ordered a chana saag with medium spice, and it was so hot my nose started to run. I like spicy food, but this was over the top. I'd hate to know what spicy is like at this place... We won't be back unless we're without any other options.Just got some paneer makhani and naan from this place was pretty good. Wish the rice some more cumin and paneer naan was a bit more spicy but overall decent. The owner was really nice def going to try it again.Food was too spicy despite of us asking for a medium spicy. Service was average at best, fairly unimpressive. Philly probably has better places for Indian food. I don't think I am coming here again.Thank the gods, there's actually decent Indian food here in UC.  Just a few blocks away from the aberration of nature known as Sitar India, there is an Indian restaurant with significantly better Indian food.  
Without a doubt, the cuisine of New Delhi Indian Restaurant is one of the better ones in the area (barring Palace at the Ben in Center City).  The pricing is decent, while a tad bit higher than Sitar India, the student discount concept applies here as well, and you can wrap up a nice buffet meal within 10-12 bucks, including tips, etc.  Not too shabby for the selection they have.
In the appetizer round, you get access to the usual tandoori chicken and samosas, as well as an assortment of papads (large crispy Indian chips, flavored with certain traditional spices).
The main course is your standard fare, but for the first time in UC, this is a restaurant that knows how to differentiate the base sauces for the different subzis (dishes).  Each has its own unique taste and texture, which makes for a good eating experience, with significantly differentiable food.
And finally, they actually have an assortment of desserts that can be chosen from as part of their buffet.  Gulab jamun (dough balls in a sugar syrup), pista kulfi (traditional Indian pistachio ice cream), and an assortment of exotic ice cream flavors await the palate of the diner after their meal.
The one knock is the service staff, who seem to think that you're doing them a favor by coming to their restaurant, but given the buffet setting, it doesn't matter too much.  However, they are very good at refilling drinks on their own and clearing used plates relatively quickly.
All in all, with an extensive bar (cannot comment on quality of drinks personally, but the selection is extensive), good food, nice ambiance, and nice pricing, I highly recommend this for a try in UC.
Good eats!I've only had the buffet here and it's a great deal! I always leave satisfied.indian isnt my fav but its good, i guess.Chicken tika masala is the best I had so far in Philadelphia. Delivery is slow.I really love New Delhi. I've only been here twice, but both times were wonderfully pleasant. The first happened to be a New Years dinner, so it was of course delightfully priced for New Years Eve, and an exotic option.
Most recently I came her for a work luncheon, though, and though 8 people isn't a big group, they really stayed on top of us.
The buffet offers a lackluster salad bar, but interesting salad types to top your lettuce, and also good dressings. I find that whatever that tangy green sauce is that is pretending to look like pesto makes a blah combo of onion, cucumber and lettuce suddenly feel classy. I'm not too picky. Also, just as Vichet O. suggests, I eat a salad before I move on to the hot bar to help control my massive food intake of delicious delciousness and calories galore. Trust me, you'll feel better afterward.
The hot buffet features some less adventurous options like wings, but also paneer varieties, meats and vegetables, and of course rice and a naan. I love love LOVE the vindaloo lamb and the chicken tikka masala. BUT I ALSO LOVE THE CHICKPEA THING! Oh, chickpea thing... you are so so good with naan. I don't know what the fried vegetable paneer like thing is called, but it is also good combined with green indian looks-like-pesto.
As for desserts, names are things like Barfi, Kulfi, and Gulab Jamun... all I know is that one is an Indian Cheesecake, another is Pistachio ice cream? and Gulab Jamun is amazing milk balls drenched in a thinned honey. I only ever get the Gulab Jamun because I know I love it oh so much. When I went with my co-workers, they all opted for it as first timers, and their only regret was that there wasn't more!
Dessert and coffee/ tea comes with the buffet, and I think there may be soups and rice pudding on the evening buffet, which is 11.95. Lunch is 8.95.
There is always PLENTY of staff, especially at night.
They have some Indian import beers and also a drink list, with a happy hour 4-7 of $1 off the bar.I have (mostly) nothing but good things to say about this Indian restaurant in University City. I always find myself craving the same dish from New Delhi: Paneer Masala. It is perfectly orange and spicy, and the flavors are on point. Even though it is a little pricey for the amount you get, I still think it's worth it for when I'm craving a little taste of home while at school.
The buffet is also great for dinner. Though the selection of vegetarian items isn't as extensive as the meat-based options, there still are some gems (though the paneer based dishes are always my favorite). The naan is usually really soft and tasty as well, and I definitely find myself eating tons and tons of naan during the buffet (so watch out carb-avoiders!) 
The only negative I'd say is the delivery service can sometimes be a bit slow. My friends and I order from New Delhi about once every two months or so, and usually it takes at LEAST an hour for the food to arrive (even though the distance between New Delhi and where we order from is so, SO small). 
Another warning-- the food tends to be a bit on the spicy side. Though I can handle a fair amount of spice, I order the medium Paneer Masala dish and I'm still pretty much in tears by the end of my meal. Thus, I'd probably order one spice level BELOW what I typically order (which is medium, pretty much every where I dine). Thus, when I order Paneer Masala next time, I'll definitely say MILD with my order instead of MEDIUM.
That being said, it's not uncommon for me or a friend to text one another and ask "New Delhi delivery tonight?" It's been the source of a lot of happiness over the past year or so, and I'm glad to have this establishment with me for the next two years!I have been here several times and I love the buffet!! I've never been disappointed with the food though the service leaves a little to be desired. Great food!I don't do Indian food.  Never have.  And this place was good.  The only problem was that the selection at the buffet was slim.  Very good, but only a few options.
Be ready to eat a lot to get your $11 worth.Good option for Indian buffet.. appetizers and desserts were the real reason I am giving 4*...potato pakoras were way too thick though...the main dishes were ok..but I miss the samosa of sitar india..This review is for delivery (through Grub Hub). We ordered our standard order for trying a new (to us) Indian restaurant: saag paneer, baigin bharta (not spelled correctly-it's an eggplant dish and this version had a ton of peas in it, too), dal makhani, garlic naan, samosas, pickle, and raita. We enjoyed everything we ordered, especially the eggplant, which had spiced up nicely overnight (yay leftovers), and the saag. We also really appreciated that the restaurant didn't skimp out on the paneer part of the dish, and they also packed the correct amount of rice: one serving per entree. (I feel there's a special place in hell for Chinese, Thai, and Indian restaurants that pack only one regular sized serving of rice in a delivery order that ordered multiple entrees and all specify they come with rice.)  What else to report? The order was packaged really well--no leaks--and overall it was a positive experience. We'll order again.I love this place. The food is fantastic, the prices are super inexpensive for what they offer and the guys that work there are cool. 
I would eat here every day, for real.I have dined in at New Delhi on a number of occasions and have also ordered food for delivery from the location. The restaurant has a buffet and a la carte menu, and the food is generally quite good. There is some variation in the food taste/quality between visits. For example, the samosas are not always made consistently. The staff are easy to work with, and I have only had positive experiences with them. Good place for a quick Indian lunch or dinner, and it all comes at a fair price. Since most of the food is served at the buffet, the restaurant relies on the same or similar curry bases. If you are looking for Indian cuisine that more authentic, try one of the other restaurants in the area.Pretty good Indian food, very fast foodish. But worthwhile if need a delivery fix.I had never heard oh New Dehli before this afternoon, but was incredibly impressed by the service and quality of the food. My date and enjoyed the buffet, which featured fresh greens & salad toppings, perfectly cooked basmati rice, and delicious vegan choices. Their naan isn't the best I've had, but it's still tasty.
All this for about $10 per person? Did I mention that dessert is included? This place is a fantastic value. Also they a wonderful dining environment and some of the cleanest bathrooms I've seen.
Excellent!Not the best Indian buffet, but at least you leave full.
New Delhi is a great place to come if you're looking for a chance to catch with old friends while enjoying some piping hot Indian cuisine. I personally prefer Sitar on 38th and Chestnut because their food is cooked a little better, but I do like that New Delhi has a chaat station, as well as complimentary ice cream at the end of the meal.
There aren't too many Indian options on campus, and while New Delhi isn't at the top, it's still not a bad choice!We have been going here for years, but this time it was not the same. Something has changed.  My husband and I went there with my parents for lunch on a Sunday. In the past, the place has been packed with people on the weekend at lunch time, but this time there were just a few people. My husband and I ordered buffet and my parents got ala carte items.
The taste of the food was just ok. Some of the items seemed like they were made using canned or frozen items. The Okra curry definitely made from frozen okra, and there was no taste to the dish at all. The pieces of chicken in the tikka masala curry sauce were quite dry. Almost seemed like they pulled the meat from left over from tandoori chicken and made tikka masala with it. I have not seen shredded chicken in a tikka masala dish, its supposed to be cubed, freshly grilled and really tender. This was tough and dry shreds of chicken and onion in it.  The other curry dishes were so so, not much flavor, salty and greasy.  
Previously, after the meal, they would serve a separate dessert, like ice cream or kulfi etc.. for those who ordered buffet. There would also be rice pudding and chocolate pudding in the buffet. But this time, no dessert, only the rice pudding, chocolate pudding and canned fruit in the salad bar. The separate dessert would now cost $2.75 more.  The ala carte items, also not appealing. The quantity of the food and the quality has gone down.  I wonder if they are trying to cut costs in order to 'not' raise the prices? I don't know, but they are certainly compromising quality in the process.
As for the waiters, they were polite and good with filling water, taking away plates etc... Strangely though, it seemed that the waiters kept passing by our table and looking at our plates, as if they were trying to keep an eye on what we were eating and that we weren't taking food from the buffet to share with others who did not order buffet on our table!  We all ordered our own choices of dishes, so i don't know why they would do that, It was just really odd. Anyway, we were not pleased with our meal this time around, and thinking maybe its time to move on to another one of the Indian Restaurants in the area... Sitar for one, is really good!Great restaurant and exceptional food. The staff is courteous and helpful. Parking can sometimes be difficult and if you do find a spot watch the time, the PPA is merciless.The good: Super delicious, lots of vegetarian options (at least 5 veggie entrees), sweet dough balls (gulab jamun), very flavorful chai tea, decent price. They also advertise a $2 beer of the day, but I haven't tried that. Oh, and they have a student discount. 
The bad: The naan leaves a lot to be desired, and the price, while reasonable, is still higher than other nearby Indian restaurants, like Tarka.This place is slower than molasses rolling uphill!  Made a huge mistake ordering from menu versus doing the buffet.   Prompt delivery of appetizers, and then a 40 min wait for our entrees.  Inquired as to whether THEY ordered out.  Suspect that the order got lost in the sizable volume of take-out, but still....
My dining partner wants 2.5 stars...I'm at 2..Favorite Indian place in the city. I've only been for the buffet (lunch and dinner, both reasonably priced), but was impressed with the variety of options (all easily labeled which is helpful for anyone looking for vegetarian choices or who doesn't eat certain kinds of meat). Chicken curry, tikka masala and veggie samosas are great. I'm not great with spicy food, so appreciate that none of the options I've tried are too much. Only complaint is that the naan seems to have been sitting there for too long so it's a bit disappointing...everything else is hot and fresh. The mango lassi I ordered tasted a bit off, so I wouldn't get that again, but the chai tea (included in the buffet) made up for it. Even for the buffet, good service with quick removal of used plates.Okay food.  Reasonable service.  Okay pricing.  Par for the course so 3 stars.
Reasonable selection of vegetarian and meat dishes.  Standard buffet style.  Naan was pretty oily and didn't taste very good.  Okra curry was decent.  Chicken masala was pretty standard.  Lamb in a spinach-like sauce was tasty.  Fairly uneventful overall.  Nothing that bad about it but wasn't different than any other Indian buffet I've visited.  I'll come back if the office wants to but not likely otherwise.  Definitely filling.
Meh.  Filling.  Cheers.Great food. I ordered the chicken makhani. I'm Indian and gave instructions to make it taste like home. They didn't disappoint. Very authentic. Naan was fluffy and light too. Would eat here again.Great food at a great price.  Went to the lunch buffet, which is $8.95 and includes dessert (I got the mango ice cream).  The mango lassi was also pretty good.  The buffet had a good sample of food like Chicken Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken, a dish with paneer that I can't remember the name of, Lamb Saag, etc.  There was also a fresh salad bar.  Food was delicious and can't wait to go back for another.  Staff was also friendly and attentive.Greetings, I was at your restaurant January 26, 2018. The Food was Delicious and Exquisite. Great hospitality from the staff, our Gracious waiter was Luis he exemplifies what a waiter suppose to be... He was Kind, Knowledgeable & Polite. I had a Great Afternoon!!! I most definitely will recommend my Family & Friends to have Lunch or Dinner there... and I will be back very soon!!!!This review is for the buffet only. 
After going through pages of the reviews on Yelp, I was extremely excited to try this place even though I live in the opposite side of the city. Anyhow, upon our arrival to the restaurant, we were greeted by Mr. Stone Face who mumbled a few words and then led us to the back of the restaurant. No biggie, we came here to try out the food! 
Now onto the food, I've been to a few Indian restaurants that offer buffet style menu like Tandoor (which is only a block away) prior trying New Delhi, so I wasn't expecting a huge selection of dishes. But I was kind of disappointed with the lack of vegetable dishes - you'll probably get more selection on the salad/cold dishes side. I was expecting this delicious eggplant dish that I've tried at Tandoor but wasn't available in New Delhi. However, I get to shoved down as much chicken tikka masala that I want so no complaint here. Naan was bland and chewy, meh. One thing I must mention though, you'll probably get your weekly worth of protein intake from the buffet menu since there are so many chicken! I personally love chicken but oh my goodness, that's a little overkilled. 
And finally for the dessert, I should've trust my instinct and go with the mango ice cream. But since I've seen people raving the "milkballs" I was totally ready to give them a try. BAD DECISION! The very first bite I took taste like diabetes exploded in my mouth...no kidding. It was overwhelmingly sweet with the mushy texture that kind of gross me out. Regarding to the flavor, there's nothing special about it - if anyone's familiar with the taste of condensed milk, that's pretty much what the milk balls taste like except they've been drenched in honey which making them 10000x sweeter than they already are. The whole time I just think about mango ice cream. *sigh*
Overall, this place wasn't bad - certainly not the best I've been to for Indian food. I think I'll walk the extra 10 steps to get my Indian food fix at Tandoor next time. :)Some of the best Indian food in the city, but sadly, their service isn't what it used to be. I've been ordering from them for years.
Alas, with an hour and 45 minutes for delivery, any complaining was only met with argument on why this is okay and expectations need to be reset. I've also had more than one occasion with containers having broken and leaked on the way, which too was met with the same shrug from the owners.
If it had only been once, I would understand, but after a few times over the last several months, there seems to be a general lack of wanting to fix any service problems. It's almost as if they don't care. Which is sad, because I genuinely like the food.The best part of New Delhi restaurant is it's buffet system. It has one of the best buffet choices. You can start with starter which is typically Bhel Puri. The choices in buffet is really good for both veg and non veg. Lastly, there is option for desert which is ice-cream or gulab jamun. Loved the food of New Delhi.Our waiter had no clue what he was doing and seemed clueless every time he came by. Ordered the paneer pakora as our appetizer and it was great but the paneer Tikka Masala was like every other Indian restaurant, nothing special. Overall, good food with great quantities but terrible serviceEverything here is delicious.  They have a variety of vegetarian and meat dishes to make everyone happy.  The waiters are very attentive and are quick to bring you anything you need.  One of my favorite Indian buffets in the city.Honestly, I'm not the biggest fan of New Delhi. There are a couple other Indian restaurants in University City and I prefer Sitar over New Delhi for sure. They both serve buffet style lunch and dinner for around $10. I do think that New Delhi is well-decorated and has a pretty nice environment. 
However, I don't think the food at New Delhi is that special. I think my favorite part of the buffet was the salad bar, there were some pretty good options and the chutneys were good. Unlike many other Indian places, there wasn't really fruit available either. 
The buffet leaned more toward creamier and more fried dishes, which aren't my favorite. I personally prefer vegetable curries that don't have cream in them, but if those are the foods you like, then New Delhi might work for you! Also, when I was there, the only meat options they had were chicken. I wish there were other types of meat available (for example, goat curry). Overall, New Delhi is a nice space but in my opinion, doesn't have the best food.For awhile after the original Minar Palace closed, New Delhi was my main source for Indian food. Don't get me wrong, it's perfectly fine, but I am very glad that Tiffin, Ekta and Minar Palace 2.0 exist now.I used to frequent this establishment at least once a week.  I have had numerous amount of friends and family dine here and start to enjoy eating here. 
Until about a year and a half ago when the dishes became VERY BLAND!!!!!VERY OILY.   
Its seems that the popularity of this restaurant has tarnished its drive for great tasting food which it used to have. Maybe too much focus on the other restaurants it owns or plain lack of commitment to keep things consistent. 
I have been going here for over 20 years but as of recently will not even step one foot into the door because everything taste like it is fresh out the can. 
I still know others that go but say it is loosing its flare for taste as well.  I guess as long as the current students keep coming they will be happyJust went here recently with some friends from my church---first time in a long time and I was pleasantly surprised.  
I always knew New Delhi had pretty kick-ass food for an Indian buffet and at a good price too.  I used to come here all the time during undergrad because it was cheap and satisfying (although some dishes, I think, were better at Sitar on 38th).  Not much has changed in way of food (except this time, I thought the chicken tikka masala was weird---maybe their sauce didn't have as much cream as I'm used to but Karma, over on Chestnut, btw. 2nd and Front, blows New Delhi's out of the water---and yes, I know, chicken tikka masala is not really authentic Indian food.  Whatever.  It's still pretty delicious.)  
Anyway, food was great this time around and wish I had went back one more time to the buffet.  Typical offerings---samosas, naan, vegetable and chicken curries, rice, papri chaat, salad.  I chose kulfi ice cream for my dessert (comes with the buffet price) and I love love love kulfi---this was delicious--I like the whole cardamom taste of it.  A bit icy but nothing I couldn't overlook.  Also had masala chai with it (well, not really chai---masala tea which I then added my own cream to) and it didn't disappoint.  By the way, the masala tea is included in the buffet price, which I didn't know before...wish I did...would've ordered it every time I went in college.  
The pleasant surprise came from the decor.  I haven't been here in a couple of years.  In college, we used to joke that when eating at New Delhi, you always needed to adjust your eyesight because the lights got progressively dimmer throughout the meal---so much so that you practically couldn't see what you were eating by the end.  Maybe some thought it was for the ambiance but we all thought it was because they were trying to hide a dirty carpet.  Well, the "dirty" carpet is no more---the restaurant is much bigger, cleaner and more polished than before.  It's lost that typical, mom and pop-Indian restaurant feel, with a fancy-looking bar and bright lighting.  When I first walked in, I almost turned around because I thought I accidentally walked into one of the adjacent restaurants.  Definitely recommend it.  Come here if you're in the area.I just moved to Philly and found a coupon for 15% off at this restaurant in the U of Penn student newspaper. I love Indian food. The restaurant is located near the campus and there are tons of places to eat. Parking is a little tricky; we paid at a meter. The decor is pleasant. While there are a couple of large screen TVs showing sports, the sound was off so it wasn't overwhelming, so I wouldn't by any means call it a sports bar feel. The staff was friendly and efficient. The buffet, which is the purpose for going, was full of great options, including several vegetarian ones. Lamb saag, chicken tikka Marsala, lentils, tandoori chicken, paneer, curried chicken, mixed vegetables, naan, basmati rice, rice pudding, and a salad bar would please everyone. For the price, you really can't beat it. Plus you can get a loyalty card which entitles you to $6 off after 10 buffets. They also had incredibly cheap drinks. $3 beers and wine, and a special $2 beer that alternates each night. I will definitely return when I'm Jonesing for Indian.I remember my first visit to New Delhi.  It was in the late 90's.  It was dimly lit, a bit cramped, and kinda smelled like rancid armpits.  But the food was amazing.  It was the first time I had tried Indian food, and I was in heaven.  For starters, I ordered coconut soup as an appetizer.  For a beverage, I had a glass of pomegranate juice.  And for an entree, I ordered the chicken vindaloo.  A new and exciting world had been opened to my 18 year old palate, and I haven't looked back since.
Fast forward to 2010.  I eagerly await the opportunity to visit the restaurant that really made me appreciate ethnic food.  The name is the same, but the establishment has undergone a complete overhaul.  It's bright and clean inside.  It looks more like some trendy place you would find in Old City.  And the odors which I associated with my first experience were non-existent.  Could the food be just as good, or are they catering to a different crowd now?
Well, the food did not disappoint, despite the fact that they no longer serve coconut soup or pomegranate juice.  The buffet is filled with tasty offerings, from samosas and fresh nan, to a nicely spiced tandoori chicken.  My skepticism was quickly quieted after my first plate.  And even more so after my second and third plates.
So despite the cosmetic changes, the food here has remained authentic. The service is friendly and attentive, and the prices are more than reasonable.I've only eaten New Delhi's food through catering events at school but it's a solid place.  The eggplant curry is awesome and flavorful.  The chicken tikka masala and biryani are standard but the lamb korma is quite good.  I haven't been to their buffet but I heard it's quite good.  There were a bunch of other dishes that I've tried but I don't know their names, eek!  Still, I liked almost everything I've tried from here.Yummy and cheap! Lunch buffet is about 10 bucks and you get 10% off if you're a student. They have a pretty good assortment of curries to try. My favorite being their chicken tikka misala. The chicken is tender and all the curries had their own unique taste. They also have rice and naan bread. The only thing I didn't like about this place was that their naan was very chewy. Besides that, great place! Lunch also includes dessert (mango ice cream is the best!) and coffee. Good deal! :)Skip and head straight for Sitar, about a block and a half East. 
The only plus if you get dessert included, but the actual meal in itself is more pricey than Sitar and never as good.Delivery, yes! Naan delicious - especially paneer. I'm partial to the chicken tikka. The tandoori chicken we got was a little dry, but maybe it would have been better at the restaurant. We've also tried the samosas. The poori wasn't light and fluffily fried as I was hoping (where there's a big air pocket in the middle) but maybe I am expecting too much. We've only gotten mild and it's been pretty flavorful. I'm a spice whimp.The food is very good at this restaurant.  I have tried multiple Indian restaurants and most are hit or miss.  New Delhi, so far has been fairly consistent.
They also deliver and today tried their delivery service.  The food was warm when it got to my place, but it took 75 min for delivery( in their defense,  I wAs warned by the person taking my order that it would take over 1 hour for delivery). 
Overall def. would reorder.  
If you goto the restaurant to eat, try their indian beers for a variety!I love New Delhi! The food is delicious, and the inexpensive buffet offers a number of different choices.  My friends and I go there all the time.I found this place by accident when my friend and I were headed to the neighboring Thai restaurant. We saw the buffet and skipped the Thai, and I'm so glad we did! I was even happier to see one of the guys working here who works at the Mumbai Bistro, which is in my neighborhood, and one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever enjoyed for take-out. Anyway, I was delighted with their options - they have so many! And they serve naan on their buffet, which I've never seen anywhere else, so that's even better! The buffet and restaurant are clean. The service is super friendly and they're on top of things. This is my go-to Indian restaurant in University City.I haven't ordered from New Delhi in a while because my last experience was incredibly disappointing.  I really loved the Paneer Makhni, once.  At the time, I was so thrilled that I had found an Indian restaurant that served it deliciously creamy and just spicy enough.
Recently, however, there has been a massive decline in quality.  A few weeks ago, I had a craving for paneer, and I managed to convince Boyd to try something different, so I ordered my usual paneer and naan, plus some chicken pakora.  Boyd enjoyed the pakora, but my paneer had a layer of grease on top that was so thick that I could dip a piece of naan into it and come up without any sauce.  It was flavorless - it even tasted like grease.  I'm also not happy about the mango lassi; it's little more than oversweetened milk with bright orange food coloring.
I really want to order from you guys again.  Please keep an eye on your quality control; your food is really good when you're paying attention.In my opinion, New Delhi is one of the best Indian restaurants in Philly! I'm in love with their chicken tikka masala, rice, and naan. Simple, hot from the kitchen, and perfect every time.
Overall, their food is always fresh and delicious, the atmosphere is dim and comfortable, and staff are all incredibly nice! Especially the owner/manager, always there to greet us with a smile! We always appreciate it.
I oddly always get a craving to come here on random Mondays, but don't forget, they're CLOSED EVERY MONDAY! Enjoy the buffet, bring the whole family, and chow down! (And maybe gawk at the beautiful colors the food makes on your plate for a second.)
Will add pictures next time I'm in!Good stuff. I actually came here a while ago for restaurant week. It was a very good price for the amount of food. We paid 25 dollars for a three course meal. We got a choice of naan bread a curry dish an appetizer and a dessert. The portion size of everything was massive. I asked them to make it hot and although I knew it was going to be super spicy, I couldnt stop eating!! They also have a buffet style, but I didnt really like that cause I love to put a little of each on my plate, and everything just ended up tasting the same. I do order here frequently for take out. The food comes pretty quick and its delicious. Great on a cold night with plently of midterms and finals.I cannot in good conscience go to West Philly without partaking of the New Delhi dinner buffet.  I am no connoisseur, but this ranks with the best Indian food I've had in Philly, and the ability to gorge myself on its lusciousness makes the whole experience even better.  The array of tasty options for both meat-eaters and vegetarians is dazzling, and the free dessert at the end is always worth expanding your waistline just a bit more for.Their buffet is the best deal on Indian food in University City. It is something around $9.99 for the all you can eat buffet dinner, including dessert. They have a good mix between meats and delicious vegetarian friendly dishes (I highly recommend the vegetarian meatballs!). When school is in session, it gets pretty crowded though, but I don't mind the wait.I am a little late on my review but since I rely so much on yelp I didn't want to not follow up. I have visited this place several times and have NEVER left without ultimate satisfaction. They have fresh and tasty food and a great variety for a very reasonable price. Although I have left the Philly area, I will be sure to visit when I am in the area!This is a really solid Indian food buffet. Affordable, delicious and they have a full bar! My friends and I only have good times over here.
Definitely try the buffet option; you will not be disappointed.This is a solid Indian buffet with fresh and delicious food. They have a salad bar and small dessert area but the main pull is the hot foods bar. 
Veggie pakora and naan are included in the buffet. Biryani rice (not that flavorful and not the best I've had) and basmati rice (average) serve as the bases for the delicious entrees. The selection on the day that I went included tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, paneer masala, dal makhni (very bland), chicken curry, lamb saag wala, and mixed vegetables (in mild thick sauce- my 2nd favorite). I sampled the vegetarian items and my coworker sampled the meat items (we make a great team!), and we enjoyed all of them. 
My favorite was the paneer masala- the sauce was on point. The staff was constantly putting out fresh food and stirring the hot foods to ensure fresh taste. My only complaint is that it costs $9.95 plus tax for the lunch buffet, which I do think is a little bit high. 
They do offer delivery as well as vegan and gluten free items.We've been living in the neighborhood for a year and a half and for some reason have mostly visited Tandoor.  Our mistake.  We finally gave New Delhi a second chance (I remember going here once but not why we didn't go back) and were thrilled.  The space and ambience are pleasant, the staff is friendly and professional, and the menu is extensive.  Lots of vegetarian options--more than many Indian restaurants, which of course are always fairly vegetarian-friendly if you're into vegetable biryani.  What I'm trying to say is while you'd think that Channa Masala was one of the only vegetarian Indian dishes, judging by many restaurants' menus, New Delhi has myriad offerings.  And even though the buffet is a couple dollars more expensive than Tandoor's, it comes with tasty mango ice cream.  We will come back here next time we're in the mood for Indian in University City.  While Tandoor is homey and the owners are gracious about giving extras and making customers feel comfortable, New Delhi feels a little more upscale and the food's a bit better.They don't have great selection for buffet; however, for the price and the quality of food, its hands down best Indian joint I've been to ($9 buffet w/student ID). I think I come here at least once a month, excited to eat each time. The only downfall is that their naan is little bit greaser than other places I've been to. Their fried chicken has an unique taste, and I love it! It isn't greasy nor salty. I don't know the exact name for it, but I like their spicy chicken curry. They also have menus for people who would rather order other entrees and not partake in the buffet style meal.I must say, the atmosphere was very laid back and still modern. the bathrooms were clean and smelled fresh. the lighting was perfect.  Now lets get to business, i went for my bday based on a friends recommendation, and i was not disappointed.  The wings, the tandoori the rice pudding, the mango ice cream. Oh and for the vegans in teh wold, oh you would be pleased. I ate something that resembled a sausage but it was all vegetables.  I also enjoyed the Indian brewed beers, my favorite was the taj mahal, it had a nice nutty finish.Love this place. The Lunch buffet is such good value for money ($8.95 plus tax and tip) and they are constantly refilling with fresh food. Start with salad options then move to Indian choices then onto dessert with chocolate mousse and rice pudding then they bring you out a small dish of ice cream.Though I've only been here once, and the only other Indian restaurant I've been to is Minar Palace, I must say, from the flavor to the selection, New Delhi is thoroughly better. I mean, who doesn't like buffets? 
The buffet was small, but it satiates your craving for Indian food. They have a salad bar, flatbread, rice, curry with pork, chicken, beef, or lamb, and dessert. All the curry was mildly spicy. I had their milkballs dipped in warm honey for dessert and it was extremely sweet. Also very small; only two milkballs, but it hit the spot.
For $15 per person, which includes the dessert, I approve.The food here is seriously delicious, and only made better by the price. I usually avoid buffets because the food is typically low quality, but I didn't get that impression here. The buffet was extremely clean and everything looked and tasted very fresh.  
If you're getting takeout from the buffet they'll give you a container to fill up, when you're done they'll charge you by its weight. This ends up being slightly more expensive than the $12.95 advertised for the dinner buffet.  My total came out to a little over $14, but I was able to get enough for two meals in that one container, so I'd say it's still a great deal.
In terms of the atmosphere, I wasn't sure what to expect, but the inside was very nice.  It was dimly lit for dinner time and everything seemed very clean.  For the price they charge to eat here, I think they're doing an excellent job.I have a million little rules for myself. They all come with exceptions, of course. For instance, I'm not really a buffet person, not how I do... but I do get down with an Indian buffet. Here's why: I like a lotta little of this, a little of thats, and if you go crazy a-la-carte ordering up that mutha, you can easily drop some ridiculous money on your variety of vegetable dishes. Oh and that I have done, in my time, at various Indian restaurants... Annnd so, the ole gal likes an Indian buffet, and New Delhi fits the bill. It's $8.95 for lunch and I'm sampling up a storm. 
What truly makes New Delhi stand out to me from other Indian buffets about are these two things: Their service is always very friendly and efficient, and they have ice cream as part of the deally, at the end of the meal, if you so wish. I do so wish. Their mango ice cream is dope, as is the cool and creamy kulfi. On the occasions that my husband and I make animals of ourselves at New Delhi, I order the (pistachio, cardamom and rosewater infused?) kulfi and he the mango, so both of us can get some tastes. Double dope.
As with most buffet situations, the assorted dishes tend way towards the mild for the masses. Ayyye understand... Though I would love a lot more heat and spice, I will say that while delicately spiced, the options are not awfully bland. In general. 
I happen to enjoy New Delhi's bhindi masala and I'm not even always an okra person. See? Another exception to my inconsistent rules!UPDATE 6/1/2014: New Delhi seems to be restructuring its core buffet (offering more options) and it dropped the free desert at the end of the meal entirely.  I am not happy with the change after 15 years.  I reduced my rating to 4 stars.  I think they are having trouble with a local competing Indian restaurant.  Hopefully they will pull their business model back together.
I have at eating New Delhi for 15+ years.  It was my first Indian restaurant in Philadelphia.  Something keeps making me go back again and again.  I dare say that the quality, taste, and value for my money is so good here, that these factors remaining equal, I would happily eat here once a week for the rest of my life. 
I like the ethnic diversity of the people eating in New Delhi: black, white, brown, purple, green.  I love seeing and being in this type of environment - good food for all to enjoy!  Many university students seem to eat here which I like - it makes the atmosphere more lively.  
I have to admit, it bothers me that the buffet price has creeped up a bit - I certainly miss New Delhi's coupon in the City Paper.   I guess that's the price of progress.  New Delhi continues to improve on its outstanding fare.  I have watched New Delhi grow from a crowded dark place with tons of refrigerated Indian candies on display up front (that no one seemed to buy) to an expanded polished place with a full-spread window system opening to outdoor seating at the front.  Over the years New Delhi has added more food offerings to its already fine buffet.  In fact, in 2011, New Delhi's improved salad bar added roughly 7 more items such as hummus and string bean salad.  I am quite happy they launched a campaign on their website to periodically distribute coupons. 
Please note the buffet has different offerings everyday of the week.  I try to go only when vegetable malai kofta (wed, fri, sunday) is on the buffet menu because it's my favorite. I find that the unsweetened iced tea is exceptional here - it has a nice spice to it if you want to add something special to your meal.  Additionally, the taste of their mango ice cream is quite unique.  I would dare say you could not get that mango ice cream flavor anywhere else in Philly.  Nevertheless, I personally choose the kulfi (pistachio ice cream) desert after my buffet.  In my opinion, It blows the mango ice cream away.We started girls' night with a round of Mango Shakes and agreed to all go for the dinner buffet.  At $11.95/person, this was a good deal since a single dish was $9-12.  Now a Tuesday night buffet on the edge of University City made me a little nervous, but I was very pleased that all the food was fresh.  The standouts were the Chicken Tikka and the Vegetable Samosas, but the other selections were good as well.  The waitstaff was also really nice and attentive and did not rush us at all.New Delhi, Y U NO MASALA?!  
I had the lunch buffet which was fairly standard fare: chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, palak paneer, vegetable kofta, samosa, and an item I've never seen at an Indian buffet, chicken wings.  The kofta was abnormally sweet and the chicken wing, though crispy, had no flavor.  The others were very mediocre; it tasted like they used about half of the amount of usual spices.  I didn't expect any Indian buffet to be hot-spicy, but I expect my Indian food to have a lot of flavor.  These all just tasted like pre-made frozen or canned Indian food.  There was almost no effort put into making these.  I thought I could at least count on chutney to be spicy, but no even the onion coriander chutneys were a watery, sugary mess.  
Even though I was full, I still got dessert because it's hard to go wrong.  My husband ordered mango ice cream, which was nice and thick, but it was probably from a tub of Reena's brand ice cream that you can find at your local Indian store.  The kulfi was the biggest disappointment of all.  Kulfi is a dense, creamy, pistachio ice cream, and it is VERY easy to make, so I'm not sure how a restaurant screwed it up. What they served was a small circle of icy, sweetened milk with no other flavors--no pistachio pieces in the ice cream (just a micro sprinkle on top), no cardamom, just ice crystals.  
Seriously, I've had LOTS of Indian food in my life and I will never understand the need to so aggressively anglicize the food.  Restaurants need to stop "dumbing down" their food into some disgusting, unflavored slop.  Indian food is supposed to be known for it's flavors, and although not everything is spicy, one would expect SOMETHING to be. If you don't like any sort of flavor or spice, don't eat Indian food, it's just not for you.I came here for dinner with my boyfriend Thursday evening for the buffet. Service with drinks was fast and the food selection was decent. Everything was delicious, and the restaurant was quite spacious. There were also 2 dollar beer specials. No complaints there. 
However, while this place definitely has its pros, I still prefer Sitar a couple blocks away. Sitar is definitely not as big, but what I like about it is it has more options in terms of food including dessert and mango lassi. Here it's just entrees only, which is fine, but sometimes I just crave that mango lassi with my meal...
Still, this is a nice place to go especially if you're in the area. 10% off with student ID, love it.A great Indian buffet! The food is very delicious and vegetarian- & vegan-friendly. Compared to the other Indian buffet restaurants nearby, New Delhi has fewer options, but there is something to cater to everyone. The servers are all really nice, and they give you a free dessert with every buffet purchase (the ice cream dessert was just delightful and unexpected the first time that I went!)More like a 2.5. I honestly don't know why people love this more than Sitar. The chicken tikka masala is too tomatey and the masala part is runny. The food is warmer though in the buffets. And their lassis- yuck. Did not taste good at all. And yeesh, trying to get waitstaff to help you with anything is a nightmare sometimes. But at least it is easier to pay compared to at Sitar ( Sitar, you have to get up and pay at the counter; Delhi, you pay at the table). There is a Student discount ( I believe 10%). Holler.I recently moved to the area and ordered food from here on a whim. The Chicken Tikka Mughlai (or if we're being realistic, the Mughlai sauce) is one of the most delicious and addicting things I've ever tasted. I even ended up ordering it from them again the next day because I couldn't get enough. Their Garlic Naan was also quite tasty.
When I went in to pick up my order the first day, it wasn't quite ready (I was early) and they had me sit at one of the tables and even brought me a glass of ice water (and the heat outside was quite oppressive, so I definitely appreciated it).