Delish! Great homemade roast beef on nice bun. I recommend extra gravy! Only thing I would change is maybe slice a tad thinner.  The place itself is basically a corner bar but it has tables in the back with attentive waitress.my favorite sandwich and the gravy fries.. amazing. yum!Stopped in for lunch with some buds from work during a business trip. Local bar with a reputation for a good pit beef sandwich.  Got mine with a topper of broccoli rabe on top. The tables have some horseradish sauce to add as well. Sandwich was great. We split an order of gravy fries. Only disappointment was that we tried some Italian hots and the peppers seemed to have been flash fried in oil. Unfortunately they weren't that hot and had an oily taste. Woulda been a fun place to throw a few back, but we had to go back to work.Best roast beef hands down. Parking is the only bad thing about the place. Staff is very friendly. I just wish it was closer to my house.Yes, parking stinks. Yes, it's a dive neighborhood bar (my favorite type.) Yes, the hand carved right in front of you roast beef rocks, especially wet.
But the gravy fries with roast beef bits are a ridiculous flavor bomb. They are Stupid good and yes, you better get all way to the bottom if you really want to see what I'm talking about. My mouth is watering now just thinking about them and I rarely, EVER lust after fries.
The cool gray haired bartender was awesome service wise. Silly side note: while everything is paper plate style, they do NOT skimp on the plastic cutlery. It is stout, thick and unbendable for digging in without getting messy. Not the cheap flimsy stuff 99% of the other places use. 
Oh yeah, John's (on Snyder Ave.) newly added roast beef doesn't hold a candle to Nick's Old Original. John's tastes like boiled, deli meat. Ok but not enough to crave like Nick'sthis is by far the BEST r/b sandwich anywhere, Ive been to 39 states and 3 countries in my travels. and the Fries w/gravey. U cant get a better simple sandwichTheir roast beef sandwich is TO DIE FOR (they use real sharp provolone, and yes, you should get the broccoli rabe topper). The gravy friends are also awesome - sinful, but awesome. A colorful, unique trip away from the glitz of played-out scenester spots.A REAL roast beef sandwich. Hand carved right infront of you. No sliced lunchmeat crap being passed off as a roast beef sandwich. The gravy fries are another amazing item on the menu. Absolutely love this place. If it wasnt for the fact that I would end up fat and broke, I could eat here everyday.We just took a vacation to Pennsylvania and New Jersey 3 years ago. Several months before we went, my dad was watching The Food Network and saw a show called Meat and Potatoes. On that episode there were three restaurants that were featured. One was a location in Beverly Hills which my parents went to for their chili. My dad was always a sucker for chili. On that same episode was a place in Philadelphia called "Old Original" Nick's Roast Beef. My dad said it looked so good he was ready to hop on a plane himself. This was huge for him to say because he would get airsick. He gave me a print out of Nick's info and said I had to try it.
When my dad became very sick, I wanted to cancel our trip. Unfortunately, my dad lost his battle with cancer just two weeks before we left. With my mom's OK, we kept our vacation and my list of must try restaurants. Of course our first stop had to be Nicks! My hubby's cousin picked us up at the airport and we headed straight for Nick's in south Philly. It wasn't in the best of neighborhoods and if it wasn't 9:30pm at night, we may have driven past it. It is a hole in the wall place. We walked past the bar area to the back seating. I don't think there were more than 12 tables total. Then I hear my cousin call out, "It's Joe Frazier!" What??? THE Smokin' Joe Frazier? I explained to my kids this was the man who fought Muhammad Ali in the Thrilla in Manilla. We just read a biography about Ali, so they understood. After meeting Joe and getting photos, we got to business.
I always have to get what a restaurant is known for. So in this case it was their Roast Beef Sandwich with Provolone Cheese. I asked for it "overboard" which means they dunk the bottom half of the kaiser roll into the au jus. The sandwich wasn't quite as juicy as I was expecting, although still quite wonderful. One of the kids got their jus on the side, so I dunked my sandwich into their jus...perfect! It was salty and indulgent. The roast beef is slow roasted, sliced thin and piled high. It was tender and delicious. Thanks dad for turning me on to Nick's. It was the perfect way to start our trip!totally lived up to they hype! This place has been on my philly bucket list for a while, and I finally got the opportunity to get here. I popped in for a takeout sandwich. The have maybe 10 sandwiches on the board, maybe more on the sit down menu. I went with the classic roast beef combno, that was roast beef and cheese. I also took with me horseradish, and some peppers. It literally took 1 minute to get my sandwich and get on the road. Although in hindsight, I shoujld have just sat at the bar and ate my sandwich. The beef was cooked to perfection, bread perfectly soft. just a killer sandwich. I almost wished I had bought 2! Can't wait ot go back. Now the restaurant is very old school, which I really like. You don't go for the atmosphere, you go for the beef sandwich.Roast beef and the Gray fries, are out of this world they are amazing, they are so good that make you don't even think about the way the place look... I'll definitely coming back whenever Im at the city.I could easily, absolutely rave, about the delicious beef, gravy, cheese, and the fries... Everyone raving about the food is absolutely right... But, the entire staff, especially Sal, and the amazing bartender who has been there for over 30 years, and the customers, Steve and Mike, and the welcome we received from all them... The friendliness, and the humor... It was so incredible. They were ALL so wonderful. So clever, funny and kind. The food is super affordable, and high quality, but the people we met were just... priceless. I didn't want to leave. I'm absolutely coming back. We left full, happy, feeling loved, and with phone numbers! South Philly peeps... The best peeps around!My best friend took me here because he know's that I appreciate good and great food..... & man, he was right ! This is an hidden gem !  Some great comfort food ;  )I'm embarrassed to say that I've lived in and around Philly all my life, been to S. Philly for all kinds of food 100's of times - but have never been to the Original Nick's.  I've alway's known it was there, but just never got there. In the neighborhood for a free outdoor jazz concert - between sets went to Nick's for a quick beef and beer. 
I would not rate this as the best roast beef sandwich ever, but it's right up there near the top and definitely a place worth going to - whether it's for a quickie, takeout or to stay and watch a game. Place is really just an old school, south philly corner bar (with lot's of character and character's) that serves an excellent beef sandwich.  
We stategically chose to sit at the far end of the bar, right by the carving station to see how they work their magic. (There's also a small dining room in the back). So here's the deal:
Two guy's - 1st guy hand carve's the beef, the other assembles the sandwich.
The Beef - Moist, tender, flavorful, sliced thin.
The amount of beef - piled on high, but not too high. I'd say there's a 1/3 to 1/2 lb. of meat - just the right amount. Once the guy carefully positions the beef on the bun, then he drops a spoonful of gravy (au jus, debris or whatever you like to call it) on the beef, then places one slice of provolone (I wish it was sharp prov.), then drops a little more gravy on the cheese, and then lightly presses on the top and cuts in half.
The bread - nothing special, just a fresh, decent standard kaiser roll that slowly falls apart as you eat it - so it gets messy. Make sure you have plenty of napkins, because the ones they have are so thin and cheap, you need a stack of them to keep yourself from looking like a slob.
Condiments - Mustard, hot peppers and horseradish are self serve.
What could make it better -  a brown spicy mustard, better hot peppers, a better roll (maybe a long seeded roll from Liscio's or Sarcone's)Hands down the best roast beef I've had so far...the price is pretty good as well...def worth trying it out!Really like the food at nick's. The beef sandwich and the gravy fries are things I crave when I'm not home in Philly. That being said, the last few times I've been to this location my sandwich has been dry, and tough to chew . The fries are always awesome , thank god. Seems like this location is living off its reputation a bit. I've eaten to the Nick's in west Chester as well as the one near media and I have to say that both of those locations are better than this one is now .. Hard to say that being this is the OG location , but it's true .. I'd go back to nicks in a second , just not this one .A very good sloppy and tasty roast beef experience. You must walk by carving station prior to eating to eyeball the roast beef and to get the juices flowing. Try a piece with peepers, and try a piece with horseradish for metal recording purposes. Typically, good service in basic but comfortable setting. All good !! ......Put on list if you eat red meat.If you are visiting Philly, this is a cultural must try place.   Original bar/restaurant is small inside, about 12 tables.  The meats and rolls are fresh and absolutely delicious.  Nick's is even more to roast beef than pats/Genos are to cheesesteaks.  Some would argue those places have become more tourist traps.  Nick's is a true south philly classic that Philly folks are glad that is off the beaten path and remains a one of the city's worst kept secrets.Yes, it's a dive bar.
Yes, parking SUCKS.
But those are small inconveniences of eating simply one of the best roast beef sandwiches I have ever had. Period.
Extra Wet with Provolone.
Go here. Spend the time driving around the block over and over looking for parking. Be slightly concerned as you walk into this dimly light corner bar and then be amazed.
Fireworks? Yes.It's a dark dive bar, seemingly miles away from Center City civilization. At noon on a Wednesday as a patron yelled "Yo Mami, can I get a beer?"across the restaurant to the waitress, I smiled to myself and thought "ah that South Philly charm." While it doesn't have the bright lights and long lines of all the touristy places you've heard about, the roast beef on kaiser roll is epic. You'll kill several trees using napkins to wipe the gravy mess off your hands, but hey, we all make sacrifices.Best sandwich in town. Get it xtra wet for more tasty juiceOne of the best roast beef sandwiches I've ever had. Got it with gravy and a side of fries. My wife got the ham with gravy. We devoured it.Damn that's a good sandwich! 
I just finished eating my roast beef sandwich with provolone and had to immediately wrote a review. I am thoroughly impressed with everything. 
I called ahead and my order was ready in minutes. The staff are super friendly. I walked right up to my bar and everything was all set. 
I ate my sandwich as soon as I got in the car. Yum! Tender roast beef, perfectly seasoned. The provolone adds the right amount of tang. The fries were really good as well, I'm a fan of the coated fries. 
I've been to the location in Springfield before but this one was better. I'll have to make this stop more often.The BEST ROAST BEEF sandwich in and around Philly.  Combo Overboard. All day.  The Gravy Fries are awesome too.  It IS a South Philly dive bar and I love it. I got food poisioning from there before and i still go back as often as I can. It is that good.  Welcome to Philly, you've had a cheesesteak? Good, now come with me to Nicks. You will thank me.I had a serious craving for a burger and a friend suggested this place. I ordered the classic burger and it was jus WOW! It came with lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese and for only $0.50 I was able to add bacon-yum:) The burger was hugeeee, so much so I could not finish the entire thing. It was moist and very tasty. The curly fries were also good. 
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I came during happy hour and the selection of cocktails aren't great at all to me. Besides that, I will totally be returning to this place.Roast beef combo wit the outs, gravy fries, budweiser, Jameson. 
That's all u really need for an amazing time, but Eddie behind the bar is a genuine guy who makes everyone feel welcome. Great local, neighborhood vibe with real nice, blue collar Philly people. I have never sat at this bar more than an hour and not gotten at least 3 free shots, it's that kind of place (just make sure u repay the favor!)  love going here to catch a game and take it all in.Oh god Nick's. I just have to say the name and my mouth starts to water. This is one of my favorite places to take non-Philly friends, especially if we are looking for something cheap. The best meal in the house: Lager, gravy fries and a Roast Beef, overboard. 
I've tried the roast turkey, it seemed a little dry. So I'm going to stick with what I know and love.Super juicy, super tasty!  Order the gravy fries, and an extra order of plain fries for all the gravy!!  Pitcher of Yuengling for $8?  Yes, please!  Loved this place!  Great service, amazing roast beef sandwich, perfect broccoli rabe.  One of the best experiences in my two days in Philly.  Awesome, thanks Nick's!Hole in the wall, you'll probably walk by it and think "ew" BUT GO INSIDE!! best roast beef sandwich EVER! and the FRIES!!!!! just everything!! SO good!! You will not be disappointed!The best!  Get a beef combo.  You will love it!  There is a side entrance (old school Ladies entrance) if you don't want to go into the bar area.Don't be fooled by the other "Nick's Roast Beef!" Go to the one in the hood!! it is the BEST! I was fresh off a plane from California, so hungry and ready to eat some hearty South Philly food, so when my lil sis said we were going to Nick's, I was stoked!!! 
Best Ever Roast Beef!!! (excluding my uncle's deli, c'mon it's family!)How can a roast beef sandwich be any better than at Nick's? It can not be. I got mine a little drippy with their wonderful gravy and no cheese. The roast beef was perfectly tender, the bread was totally fresh and the gravy was heavenly. It is still under $6.00 for a sandwich.
The waitress was warm and friendly and the food came out quickly, though the place was packed. The French fries, would get three stars. They are about ordinary. 
If you have not been here, do not be intimidated. Outside it looks like any corner bar in South Philly, but inside is one of the best roast beef sandwiches of all time. 
One suggestion may be to have a super size large roast beef available. The size of the sandwich was quite large but I wanted more.This is the best roast beef sandwich that I've ever had and will likely ever have.  It was knee-bucklingly good.  The gravy fries were ridiculous.  I've never eaten anything like them before.  I wish I got two orders, but I had to save room for the roast pork sandwich that I split with my friend, which was also delicious.  The place is a complete dive, but who cares?  The bar is very small, but it doesnt matter.  I cant believe it took me 28 years to get to this place, but I am sure glad that I went.  It is a slice of old school philadelphia.  I can't wait to go back.I have to admit I was surprised by how much I like this place. The food was great. I am still craving more of the Buffalo chicken dip. The roast beef is everything you can ask for. I highly recommend.It was a long time coming, and well worth the wait. The roast beef sandwich with provolone and a side order of gravy fries, completed with a lager to wash it all down, was the ultimate lunch yesterday.  Philly is known for incredible sandwiches, and for me, Nick's might beat all the rest. Great authentic South Philly spot, definitely going to return to Nick's again soon.Pretty damn good. Roast beef was obviously great and prices are fair. Place was a zoo after the marathon. We will have to go again when there's no race going on.There is no better, a philly legend. I'm goin here next time I'm down at the Historic District fer shure. I had my first in 1965.Oh hell yes! 
You can have your cheesesteaks. THIS is what Philly, in particular old school South Philly, is all about.The best roast beef on the planet ! I grew up in South Philly definitely the best sandwich around ! Go EAGLES!!!Friendly neighborhood joint. The perfect roast beef sandwich. It was exactly what I wanted for a late lunch when I was pretty famished. Out waitress was so kind and treated our table like family. Would go back any day.When you visit Nick's, the smell of delicious roast beef smacks you in the face as soon as you step through the door.  This is followed by a backhand of flavor when you take your first bite of the roast beef sandwich.  This sandwich is unbelievably good!   The gravy fries are also a must!  They sell the gravy by the pint.  I can't replicate the sandwich at home but if you pour that gravy over any type of french-fry it will be fantastic!  I have tried the roast beef sandwich with and without cheese and I personally think the beef is so good and delicious you don't need the cheese.  I didn't seem to notice it much when I ordered the combo (w/ cheese). 
The restaurant itself is very unassuming and I doubt it has changed much over the last 70 years.  I am all for preserving the history and nostalgia, but the restaurant would definitely benefit from a few basic upgrades (tables, chairs, and lighting, and a good scrub).  This place is quite unique and their product is absolutely delicious.   I'll be back again and again!Gravy fries and Yuengling, a more perfect Philly pair doesn't exist. There are gravy fries and then there are these; not  soggy fries and gravy with a few meat flecks but sturdy, crispy  fries completely covered by a beef blanket. The famous roast beef had a robust meaty flavor and did not let us down. I'd probably add cheese next time to make it even better/ less kosher.
The other thing to get is the roast beef sandwich (the combo, meaning with cheese). The same slowly cooked, moist beef is sliced into a thick sandwich. Another fine way to enjoy the namesake product.  And in case you care about their weight of your meal, this sandwich contains 1/4 pound of meat. Horseradish is ready for you on the side.
Nick's has been around since 1938 and they obviously know what they are doing.Senior year of college, after a Saturday afternoon basketball game at the Wachovia Center, we talked about going to Geno's to get steaks.
One of my buddies said that his brother told him about this place, Nick's, 20th and Jackson he said.
So we find it and walk in and none of us had been there before and there's a guy in his 50's sitting in a tweed jacket drinking scotch at the end of the bar near the door.  He said we looked like deer in headlights and that he would take care of us, he asked us what we wanted and we told him sandwiches.  Bartender takes notice of this gentleman and he goes, "Hey Tom, get these guys 4 sandwiches with cheese and make'em wet."
Excellent sandwiches and exactly what we needed, good roast beef, great provolone and gravy!
I'm not sure if Villanova won or lost that day, but I'll always remember Nick's.I'd give it 5 stars, but that always triggers the dreaded Yelp filter. Excellent roast beef sandwiches. Provolone makes them even better. The gravy fries are out of this world. There isn't much in the way of atmosphere because it's a neighborhood bar, but I don't care. I go for the food. The seating area in the back has 2 insanely powerful air conditioners which anyone who hates dealing with this heat and humidity will appreciate. Service is always friendly. Prices are very reasonable.The roast beef here Is amazing. They slice it right in front of you behind the counter. Also make sure to tip the meat slicers they appreciate it. The gravy fries are also amazing. The only thing that is a little strange is that a combo here only means putting cheese on the sandwich. No fries or drink, those have to be ordered seperately. This may seem pricey to some people but the roast beef is amazing.Crappy dive bar. Crazy good Sandwhiches.
I got the combo Sandy which includes sharp cheddar and extra gravy sauce!! 
Ronda got the broccoli Sandy with sharp cheddar! 
This place has been around since 1938!We drive I-95 to NY from NC several times a year and NEVER miss a chance to go for our Nick's fix.  Having lived in many different parts of the country, I can say there's no comparison to the roast beef, along with the fries and a Lager!This is by far the best roast beef sandwich I ever had in my WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE. I grew up in South Philly and love Nick's Roast Beef..
I always get a combo and extra gravy.. Also you have to try the GRAVY FRIES ! delicious!My boyfriend's grandfather grew up in Philly and has been eating at Nick's for as long as he can remember. It's been a family staple of theirs for years. We would go every time we came to visit the city. We just recently moved around the corner and go about once a week. It's that good. Don't forget to leave a tip for the beef cutters on your way out.In a world of mediocre chain restaurant, precooked food, Nick's is a beacon of light shining bright on a sea of gravy.  Nick's is the epitome of the divvy, local, corner, sports bar.   Reasonably priced drinks, friendly old school waitresses, knowledgeable bartenders and random sports memorabilia adorning the wood paneling walls.   
Now we lets gets to the famous Roast beef sandwich.   The sandwich starts with a fresh round roll, hand carved roast beef that has been marinating in its own juices for over 8 hours.  Add a slice of sharp provolone, copious amounts of gravy and this is the best sandwich in Phill and one of the best tasting sandwiches I've ever had.  Don't forget to add an order of gravy fries sittih in roast beef gravy.  All of this amazing food can be yours for under $10.  
I love this place; Nick's has comfort bar food at its best.  If you don't love Nick's you need to get your taste buds checked.The food is flavorful and delicious... the best of its kind!! Truly the best roast beef sandwich around!! The gravy fries are to die for! Always consistent and friendly staff! A relaxing comfortable environment to sit back and enjoy some beers with your sandwich! You can even top off your sandwich with provolone! Can't wait to go back!Bless this place. The roast beef sandwiches are out of this world and the gravy fries are everything you could hope and dream of. Definitely a new Philly favorite of mine and plan on returning when I'm in the area!Beef Combo (Roast Beef sandwich w/ Provolone) is good but the highlight of Nick's is the gravy fries. They may have more meat on them then the sandwich does. Huge pieces of meat on the and dripping with amazing gravy. 
Though the fries and sandwich are great the best part of this place is the people. Such a great south philly bar atmosphere.
Beef can be dry from time to time but dip it in the dish from the gravy fries and all will be well.Classic Philadelphia food.   How can ya not like this place?  Amazing sandwiches, Gravy fries and cheap ass beer!!  Get the "outs" sandwich combo and a side of broccoli rabe. You must try this spot out, don't dress fancy, you're gonna get dirtyPeople are always asking and looking for authentic Philly taste. GO HERE! Get a Roast Pork Combo, Roast Beef Combo and Gravy Fries and you will not be disappointed. By far the best that the city has to offer in these sandwiches. For those who like hot added, get the long hots on the side and add them on your sandwiches. The hot horse radish for the beef is essential too. This place is not going to wow anyone with the atmosphere or decor. But it doesn't need to cause the food is amazing.Just realized you can get pork, or turkey gravy on top of the fries instead of beef gravy. not sure but you might be able to get a roast beef sandwich dipped in turkey gravy. sounds interestingBest roast beef sandwich in philly. Place is old school down and dirty. Get the roast beef with provolone, broccoli rabe with garlic and additional gravy. Money!You can't really ask for much more than what this situation provides you. A delicious cheap meal, a friendly waitress, quick service, and drink specials during games. This is what people need to experience if they are visiting Philadelphia, or new to South Philly.
You walk in through the poorly lit bar, past the trays of roast beef and to your seat. You order yourself the beef combo, and a root beer. What you'll get is a roast beef sandwich some provolone, on a soaking wet kaiser roll, with such simple great flavors that even the pickiest of eaters is smitten. It is simple and delicious. That's it, and that is all it needs to be. Put this on your Philadelphia bucket list you'll be glad you did.Bill M's review is incorrect.  He is reviewing the wrong Nick's. This NIck's on 20th and Jackson does not have buffalo chicken fingers and they are not in Old City.  Please make sure you are reviewing the right place before you give it 2 stars!!
This place deserves all 5 stars I can give it.Best roast beef sandwich and gravy fries I've ever had. Service was great and incredibly fast. I haven't been so excited about food in a long time. This is a MUST if you're in Philly!Best roast beef sandwich by far! Seriously it's impossible to beat this sandwich. Anything else on the menu is sub par, so id suggest to only get roast beef and gravey fries.Hard not to give this place 5 stars. I'll give it 4.5 I guess. Just due to cleanliness and also pricing. If Nick's was a little cleaner and whatnot it could certainly be priced what it is. Conversely, if it was a little cheaper the cleanliness and ambiance wouldn't be a star dropping issue. 
Like most people have said the gravy fries are better than the sandwiches. Just so moist and flavorful. High amount of salinity I feel, but I have no respect for my blood pressure. I've never had the turkey or the ham sandwiches, and I've only gotten the pork like once. The pork is actually some of the best in the city, but is almost always overshadowed by the legendary roast beef, which is of course sublime. I use the horseradish, which could actually use a little more punch, liberally. 
They have RC Cola instead of Coke. It's a nice change, but it should be well known by this point I prefer Coke. I've never gotten broccoli rabe or long hots due mainly to pricing. Probably next time I'll give them a whirl, even though I say that a lot. I just have trouble justifying paying more than like a dollar for either, considering at places like Tony Luke's multiple bags can be obtained for free. 
Waitresses can be a little slow and inattentive, but it's not really a big deal. I go for the food and I've never, ever had a fatty or sub-par sandwich. So that in itself speaks volumes.Great little hole in the wall place. The surrounding area feels crowded and a little unsafe and street parking is your only option. The food and service was excellent! Delicious fries and the roast beef combo sandwich was excellent!Hell yeah, definitely the best non "NY"  roast beef sandwich I've ever had....great after the gamesI always get the combo with comes with provolone cheese N Must have is EXTRA GRAVY!! so inexpensive N GOOD!With apologies to the review from Daniel B, who apparently has never been to a crowded bar before, this is one of the best places in the city if you like slow cooked roast beef and beer.  The Miller Lite draft is the coldest in the area, and they have top shelf alcohol as well as a plethora of bottled beer, domestic and local.  A seat in the back will get you quick waitress service bu make no mistake--this is a loud dive bar with charm and the best roast beef  Ive ever had (this includes Boston, Chicago, NY and Miami).  My advice for tourists who like sports....get a seat in the front (counter or stool), order a Miller Draft, ask for 2 combo outside overboard cuts with fried long hots.  Sit back and listen to the trivia, stories and arguing about the Phils and Flyers. Tell Eddie the bartender what town you are from and someone will end up buying you a drink.   ONE sandwich will not be enough.  If you are with more than two, get a spot in in the back and ask for extra napkins.  This is the place I bring my out of town friends to....NOT  the cheesesteak places.Nick's is a grimy, slimy hole-in-the-wall in a still unfashionable part of South Philly. You're not likely to get a more 'real' South Philly experience than this.
Don't overblow it into something it isn't; Nick's is a bar that just happens to serve one of the best roast beef and roast pork sandwiches anywhere.
The provolone, with just the right amount of pan juices, just kind of melts into the bread. It's beef-flavored paradise surpassed only by the pork sandwich. Why the pork sandwich isn't more touted, I'll never know. I'm keeping this one short because there's really not much else to say. Great sandwiches, crappy atmosphere, but that's not why you'd come here in the first place.My buddy Chris always hooks me up with some yummy ass roast beef sandwich as he cuts it and make it
With cheese at just the right amount my picky ass would eat it. (Most roast beef sandwiches are rather smushed like grandpop saggy undies) not here though, this stuff is banging!Don't expect something that this place doesn't pretend to be. They make no bones about it, a divey corner bar with attitude, cold suds, and above average sandwiches. Pay no attention to the hot station where the food is prepped...just dive into a roast beef combo (get it wet for extra gravy) and gravy fries.  You will not be disappointed. At all.Wow!  I mean, holy crap, WOW!
I have been meaning to write about this place for a couple of months, but fortunately, Nick's Roast Beef's success isn't hinged on my amateur opinion. They do just fine on their own...
We came to visit my buddy who lives in South Philly.  He picks us up from the airport, and proceeds to show us how fearless a person can be behind the wheel.  He asked if we were hungry, and we answered with a resounding, "Sh!t yeah!"
This is when I quietly thanked Fate for introducing me to my buddy 15 years ago.   Because if I wasn't his friend, then I would NEVER had eaten at Nick's!
My wife and I each got ourselves the Roast Beef Combo with Gravy Fries.  But not the kind of creamy gravy that the Midwest has forced on us....NO!  This gravy is the juice that the roast beef had been lounging in all day.  Full of flavor, love, and bits of beef.
The sandwich was messy, and the fries were messier.  Didn't care.  I mean, who can really care when their eyes are rolled back in their head while chewing on God's interpretation of a sandwich?
So, just go.  If you're from out of town, grab a cab.  If you're from out of town and want the full experience, risk driving around the city and then reward yourself with a beautiful roast beef sandwich.
Either way, just go.1) Roast beef sandwich with provolone on a kaiser roll
2) Gravy fries slathered in delicious beef fat
3) Sit back and wait as nirvana is achieved
The place is kind of dingy - a total dive feel. Great place for the guys, or even the girls on their butch nights. Sandwiches are messy, but don't sell out like I did. Never seen eyes pop like that after I asked the waitress for a fork.
Note: I ate here literally 90 minutes before experiencing a full dinner at Amada. Truth be told, I enjoyed Nick's more.Don't be put-off that Nick's is somewhat of a dive.  They take their sandwiches very seriously.  For starters, the gravy fries are amazing!  Fries smothered in pan-drippings loaded with tender chunks of roast beef...it was a meal unto itself.  I thought the fries would be soggy, but somehow, they maintained the perfect balance of sogginess to crispiness.
My roast-beef sandwich was ordered "overboard", which gets you additional gravy, which is delicious.  It was also topped with a slice of provolone cheese.  A spicy horseradish on the table was the final compliment to the generous amount of beef in this sandwich.  By far, this was the best roast-beef sandwich I've ever had.
If you've never been to Nick's and find yourself there some day, let your server know that it's your first visit.  They'll clue you in on what they offer and how to order.  If you consider yourself picky, then this place is not for you.  Nick's is a "what you see is what you get" establishment.  If you're looking to get a killer sandwich from an unpretentious place, this is it.This place is the best, its always lively with a great atmosphere. The bartenders and staff are great, and they always seem like they're having a blast. Baseball usually on the TV during the season, and last but not least, those Roast Beef sandwiches are the best, like really amazing. The gravy fries are great too, but you might be too full to finish them by yourself.Awesome establishment where the people really are down to Earth and the food is out of this world. Just had the hot open face turkey luckily I only have an hour to go before I'm off the clock. #ExcellentEatsI'm around Society Hill and Nick's is well worth the drive to South Philly!
Get the Roast Beef and get it overboard (extra gravy, extra good). I'm new to Philly, so Sharp Prov really depends on my mood. Their's is sharp, so I definitely have to be in the mood for it.
The gravy fries are OUT OF THIS FREAKIN' WORLD!!! They're not really "gravy" fries, they're fries with a topping of meat and gravy. They're a meal in themselves. The fries get nice and moist and seem to pick up a vinegary flavor from the meat juices.
Take credit cards (over $10) which is always nice. I've always found street parking for take out.As all of the previous reviews have pointed out, Nick's has the absolute freaking best roast beef sandwiches in Philly.  Their sandwiches are juicy, beefy goodness on a roll.  It's real roast beef, not the heated up lunchmeat stuff that you find at some other places.  And it's a no-frills joint.  The sandwiches are also pretty cheap.  Nick's is also a Philly institution, so if you haven't eaten there yet, I feel bad for you because you're really missing out.Sometimes the same Steak is pretty fatty. Otherwise, cute place with nice waitresses. Love the roast beef fries.That was THE BEST ROAST BEEF sandwich ever!!!  Tasted like my mother's Sunday roast!!  The fries with the beef and gravy was out of this world!  When in Philly skip Pat's steaks and come to Nick's!Hit up Nick's with a few work friends. I got the roast beef/provolone sandwich, which was very good. The atmosphere is very casual; sorta like a neighborhood hangout.I don't think you can get a better roast beef sandwich anywhere.  Keep in mind, you're going for the food, not for an elegant atmosphere.  This is definitely a dive bar, and may not live up to the cleanliness standards of people used to four and five star restaurants.  Recommend ordering the "roast beef combo, overboard".  That means:  roast beef sandwich with provolone cheese, with extra gravy on top.  If your sandwich comes back dryer than you wish (as Erica stated below), send it back and tell them "double overboard".  It won't be dry anymore, trust me.  Other sandwiches (pork, ham, turkey) are just average.  Three generations of my family have been going there for the roast beef!A South Philly dive spot that serves the yummiest roast beef sandwiches and doesn't break your wallet.  The draft beers are reasonably priced as well, so pair that sammie with a cold brew, and it's golden.  My friends and I ordered gravy fries to share, but honestly, it's so delicious that if you are really hungry, go order a side for yourself, it's totally worth it.  I have only tried the roast beef, but they offer other proteins such as roast pork, baked ham, baked turkey and for vegetarians, broccoli rabe.  If it's your first time, I would suggest roast beef with provolone, a gooey-juicy combo.  The dive bar is located off the beaten path and most patrons are either watching a game, going to game since it's close to the stadiums or enjoying a drink and a sammie.Simple menu at a dive bar.  Amazing Roast Beef and Gravy Fries!  Really is a must-try place in Philly.They are now open on Saturdays which is good for most of us!  The only downside to this is it is good for most of us!  There isn't much seating in the back and the line can be quite long and the wait even longer.  Trust me though, the roast beef is worth it!  It is melt in your mouth and goes nicely with the horseradish.  I would get it to go though if you can to avoid the wait especially if you are really hungry.  Plenty of good craft beer bars nearby to check out afterwards too!Dont be afraid of the location, you will miss out on some of the best gravy fries ever! Not the biggest fan of the sandwiches but I love the fries!Best roast beed sandwich I have ever had. I have been to this place about 15 times and it is always good.Classic, awesome, hot roast beef sandwiches. Served unpretentiously on a drippy kaiser roll with provolone cheese (cheese optional, but completely necessary).
Perfect divey atmosphere, complete with your expected bad/cheap beer options (Bud, Miller, Coors, and Yuengling on tap). What more could you want?the best roast beef sandwich around. we've been eating here for years (me plus my family = since it opened) and my favorite thing about my pool league is that two bars are right around the corner and i get to sneak away for a nick's every now and then. whenever my sister used to get her braces tightened (15 years ago), her my mom and i would go to nick's after. she's now a vegetarian, but oh how she hated that she couldn't eat the sammie while we devoured ours. hehee, that was actually pretty cruel of our mom. heh. it's closed on sundays, so beware.We were heading out for drinks and something to eat, but wasn't sure of what would where to go for a decent meal.... After talking it over, we figured that we'd drive back down Passyunk to get a roast beef sandwich and gravy fries.... I swear that this has to be the best roast beef sandwich in town.... Sliced thin, hot, melted provolone, gravy.... I was a happy man.. This was a nice detour on our way to find some evening drinks... Walking in, I wasn't sure what kind of sandwich I was gonna get since everybody was occupied. They were all singing along with a Kanye West and Jay Z song that was blasting when I walked in... Cool place... People from every neighborhood (except the extremely upscale ones) were in there having a good time.. This will have to hold me over for several months until I remember that I hadn't been in awhile...Awesome hot roast beef sandwich. This is one of those dive looking spots that has a bar playing Philly sports all day, and a limited menu. Don't go looking for lettuce, mayo, tomato, etc., this is beef, provolone and gravy. Not only is the beef outstanding, but so is the gravy. I've been there twice in the same day, many times!yes, nicks original roast beef will remain an original. simplicity perfected. i eat there several times a year, more so when the Phillies are in town..nothing better than a cold beer and a hot roast beef combo to start the game off..keep up the good work...Located in the corner of the street, i decided to try their sandwiche and gravy fries. The place is really nice and has great atmosphere. It was lunch time and quite full inside. But i got a good fast service. 
Loves the fries but the roast beef sandwich is not my style. Definitely try to come and grab a beer with friends while watching football!Took my friends there after a long day for the first time and they went ballistic with the best pork n provolone sandwiches couldn't stop raving about how great it wasEverything was great. The sampler appetizer (especially the long hots - divine!), the roast beef is as good as everybody else says, and the Thanksgiving all year round sandwich was to die for.In a word: amazing.
Ordered the roast beef combo and gravy fries.  Roast beef is phenomenal. Gravy is delicious.  Bread and fries were also both high quality.  Food was in front of me no more than 3 minutes after the order was placed.
The guys behind the bar were funny and quick to make sure my beer glass was full.
This is now a mandatory stop for whenever I have visitors in from out of town.  Skip the hype of Pat's and Geno's, come to Nick's!Let me tell you I don't even like roast beef and I would eat this sandwich once a day. The gravy fries are awesome too. Its like a meat explosion in your mouth. I think people should take notes here, "IF YOU DO SOMETHING WELL STICK TO IT." Nicks does roast beef without being fancy and they do it well.Dive bar with cheap drinks and a mean roast beef sandwich and gravy fries. A hand written sign that blatantly says "try our onion rings" because you wont regret it. Joan is super friendly and always asks if we are ready for our usual, pitchers of yeungling for 7 bucks!Dive bar that is a staple of Philly Cuisine.
Get the gravy fries!
Get the roast beef special!
Get some lager (Yuengling)!
You won't be disappointed.This place has been around for such long time, old Dive bar, But DAMN-do they serve a Great Roast beef sandwich??!! or What?? 
I am not a roast beef kinda gal., & let me tell you it was the bomb!!! (means its good) I went here with bunch of coworkers, they knew area, & spot, so I went, looking at other items on the menu, but I said, what the hell??, try it, raving about..so when it came..OMG!! To die -for, tender, gravy was on point, messy but so well worth it. Course not place I 'd go by myself, groups -sure.But all in all worth..if you love Roast beef-gotta go..!!!.Best roast beef sandwich you can get in Philly. Ask for it double overboard and get a pitcher of birch beer.I got introduced to Nick's just this year; my sister who has been living in Philly these past 10 or so years found out about it, visited it and promptly called me to come up and try it.  I should've written this review months ago, but now is just as good.
Let me start by agreeing with most everyone else on here- as far as roast beef sandwiches go, you'll find NONE better; not just in Philly, but ANYWHERE ELSE.  I'm no restaurant connoisseur, but I am a big fan of foods that I like and lets face it, I love beef.  So I was skeptical about some Philly dive making the best roast beef sandwiches, it sounded preposterous to me.  Not to mention, every Philly cheesesteak I've ever had has been underwhelming- at least in Philly.
My mother always told me you shouldn't judge a book by its cover, but I felt no confidence whatsoever when I saw where this place was situated, and even less so once I walked inside.  Its dark, grimy, the clientele seemed primarily composed of older white males, 50 and over who favored beer over any other sort of libation.  I was with my wife, my sister and one of her friends- my sister was somewhat apprehensive because she could tell I was not feeling the place.  She assured me that appearances aside, it is well worth it.  She knows how I am.
The waitress appeared, seemed friendly enough, knew her business so to speak.  The menu's small...roast beef, turkey, pork or baked ham are the meats, fries, broccoli rabe and italian hots are the 'sides' and of course, there's the gravy.  It didn't take long for my dry roast beef sandwich to arrive...the meat had a nice look to it, firm but not too firm, with a solid and satisfying bite.  The flavor was excellent; so naturally I tried a bite of my sister's overboard roast beef (lots of gravy) and my eyes went wide.  I'd never tasted a gravy that good before!  So I ordered some on the side and as soon as I got it, poured it over my sandwich.  My sandwich just went from good to amazing, just like that.  Add some of the sliced banana peppers or horse radish that is kept on every table and take it to the next level!  The fries were just ok, made much better with the addition of that wonderful beef gravy, but by themselves they're pretty nondescript.  Reminded me of the fries you used to get at BK back when they were trying to give you the ultra crispy fry that had that coating on it and didn't taste that great.  That's what these fries tasted like, but with the gravy they're consumable.
My sister's friend got the roast turkey, and that too was an excellent sandwich; the turkey was tender but not falling apart (a sign that it has cooked too long usually), the turkey gravy was almost as good as the beef gravy and of course, the kaiser rolls they put these sandwiches in really do make the sandwich.  Nothing worse for a sandwich than bad bread (except bad filling of course)- but these rolls are fresh with a light crispy outside and a tender, chewy inside- perfect for holding onto all that gravy and great flavor.
I've seen a kid or two come in but by and large, this is a bar so treat it as adults-only; Thursday nights and Sundays all day are football days- if you're not an Eagles fan this could present somewhat of a problem but it need not be; the roast beef is that good!  The beer selection's limited but at least the prices are decent and there's always a beer special- beer is the perfect complement to these sandwiches.  If you love a good roast beef sandwich and you're visiting from out of town, bring a cooler- you're going to want to take some home.  I guarantee it.
You might ask what prompted me to write a review about a place that I first visited some 8 or so months ago?  I was there last weekend, which was my 4th time going so far.  Its great to see my sister too- but everytime I do go up there to see her, we end up at Nick's.  By design?  I hope so!Has been and in my opinion will always be the best, hand cut roast beef sandwich in Philly.  Everyone that comes from out of town requests I get them a combo to go or we eat there.  Gravy fries have chunks of beef.  Small, local bar area but always felt very welcome and love the home town stories told by the people who lived here all their lives.It's Monday 1:30 PM also known as a little past lunch time. It was business in the front party in the back. (Two professional looking dudes at the bat and a large party where you can get waitress service in the dining area) I strolled in and grabbed a Roast Beef Combo which is a Beef Sammie with Provolone and a Lager. Serve game was on point, I got my order taken, beer promptly, and beef sammie less than 5 mins of ordering.  
If I had to describe Nick's it would be crusty. The rolls were amazing. It was like the Greek god Zeus hit this thing with a perfect crust lightning bolt. Beef was medium temp. but had a great flavor and 
crust. 
Decor was typical Roast Beef place decor. Basically wood paneling everywhere. It's like the wood in these places hold the essence of past beef and inject it into the freshly being cooked beef.
In all, I like this place and will be back.This is an absolute must have when in the philly area. I have never left this place without absolute and total satisfaction. The roast beef sandwich combo (has melted provolone) and broccoli rabe with fresh horseradish (right on the table) is the perfect combination of meaty, heat from the horseradish, garlic from the rabe, and the savory juices soaked into the bun are nothing short of heaven on earth. I love the overall feel of the bar, a small hole in the wall dive bar with some amazing food! The fries are great, with the gravy and small pieces of roast beef smothering them, but my absolute must have is the sandwich. Sometimes I like to switch it up and throw some banana peppers on there (also right on the table) But really, who can beat cheap drinks, and cheap but AMAZING food??Get the nicks roast beef with extra sharp provolone and long hots and a side of gravy fries because that's the only way to go. 
The roast beef is always hot tender juicy and the way the provolone and long hots combined the flavor is just so extraordinary and it seriously does something to your senses. The gravy fries are no ordinary gravy fries I have ever had in my life.  They use the gravy that they cook the roast beef and so the fries come with this delicious brown gravy and little chunks of roast beef and it. This is one of my top 10 favorite places to get a sandwich from in Philly. This is a must eat at place, for all who come from out of town to taste the best if Philly......Awesome roast beef !!!  A+++. So tender and the bun is delicious!!   Get with Provolone cheese slice. 
Easy to find in the South Side.  Great service very courteous!!  I will definitely return!   Best roast beef sandwich I ever had in my whole life!!   Prices really reasonable!!  Got to try this over Geno's & Pats.  Only draw back was parking!!  You need to find an open slot in the street.   A++++.  The best.Looking for a hole in a wall /hidden gem in south philly? This is your place.
Mostly frequented by locals, it definitely has that charming bar dive feel. With always plenty of beer, philly sports and food to go around for anyone lucky enough to know of its existence. 
The food. The food... THE FOOD.
....perfection...
I always get the roast pork sandwich with long hots and a side of gravy fries. Today I branched out and had the roast beef with the same configuration. 
Honestly I have no clue which I like more.....because both are equally appetizing and satisfying. 
Though parking is scarce (typical south philly). The cozy atmosphere and food make up for it.
Oh and the gravy fries. .......do not....DO NOT leave  without having an order or two......
Oh and BTW NO THEY DO NOT HAVE VEGGIE BURGERS....Best roast beef you'll ever have. In your life. People are amazing. Hole in the wall so don't expect ambience. You get amazing roast beef sandwich and amazing gravy fries. Will come every time I'm in PhillyRoast Beef WET w/ cheese & horseradish so great for lunch, we went back for dinner takeout:)Yup... this place is definitely a dive.  But it's still one of my favorite sandwich places anywhere!  Any time I come to town, I make sure I come for a roast beef combo, and gravy fries.  The Springfield location is pretty good too... not as dive bar-ish, and the food is just as good.Gravy fries are the best and of course best roast beef with provolone sandwiches you can get in south philly.  Love it!!Gravy and fries are amazing 
Reasonably priced drinks
Excellent juke box
This place is a winnerCame down for a Flyers game and we decided to try Nick's.  What a great choice!!   Got the roast beef and provolone with gravy fries.  The chunks of roast beef in the gravy is awesome!!  Def try the horseradish, it's unreal!   I wish they had PBR but can't complain about the iced cold Yueleling drafts.This is a must get from Philadelphia. the roast beef sandwiches are devine. Anyone who comes and asks where to get something that isn't looking for a traditional South Philly Cheesesteak, I send here. It is a great spot. Although it doesn't look at that yummy from the outside or the dining room, the food is to die for. Give it chance, they will not disappoint!Talk about a dive bar... Nick's is it wood paneling and all.  There is a small dining room in the back for families.  
Menu... well here we go...
Roast Beef
Roast Beef Special (that means it comes with cheese)
Roast Turkey
Roast Turkey Special
Roast Pork
Roast Pork Special
Broccoli Rabe
Broccoli Rabe Special
French Fries
Gravy Fries
The Roast Beef Special is all I ever manage to order... tender falling apart dripping with gravy.
The gravy fries they use the roast beef gravy so wonderful chunks of roast beef in with those fries.  There is NOTHING better than Nicks!WHAT A DELICIOUS MESS.  Really though, that juice gets everywhere. Down the chin, down the arms, etc.  But the roast beef is tender and the sandwiches delicious.  Came here before heading to the stadiums.  Left feeling full, satisfied, and only hating myself a little for the number of calories consumed.  Atmosphere is hole in the wall chic. And by that I mean dark lighting, small tables, bar.Nick's is the truth. I'm not sure what the question is or what false would be considered but I just know Nick's is the truth. 
For someone who travels a lot, it's ironic that I don't venture anywhere South of Washington Ave in my own city but today was a first, and a delightful one at that. 
I got the roast beef combo, which just means solid pieces of roast pork, a little au jus, and some sharp provolone. The menu is limited which is expected of places like these but who needs a thousand different combos when you just have some awesome meat, some great cheese, and have all that wedged between so fresh bread? 
Also, try the gravy fries. Yes, they taste as good as they look in the pictures.Though I'm not much of a roast beef type of person I'm always down for any of the sandwiches served here. Served in a heart roll of bread, succulent and juicy down to the last piece. Their gravy is on point along with a touch of horseradish. My first visit was the first time I ever tried gravy fries; and it was definitely love at first bite!!! Don't miss out, this is a true gem.Four stars for their roast beef sandwich alone. Nick's is a neighborhood dive bar, parking sucks, it's small inside but the roast 
beef and cheese (combo) is totally worth the trip. I'm told the gravy
fries with meat are great too.Nicks, yesss!  An institution in Philadelphia as one of the best dive bars around.  You'll love the roast beef sandwiches and the dive decor.  It'll take you back to the days when Philly  was rougher and not as chi-chi.  But I'll guarantee you'll remember it fondly.Best roast beef sandwich around, hands down.
This is a classic South Philly establishment.  The roast beef sandwich is perfect and here are some tips about how to order from an old pro.
They only have one kind of cheese, provolone.  Don't ask for anything else because you won't get it.
A "Combo" is a sandwich with cheese.  So if you want roast beef with cheese just say "Beef Combo".
You can order "side cuts" which means the darkened meat from the outside of the roast.
If you like your sandwich with extra gravy, and who don't, make sure you order it "Overboard".
BTW, if you leave without trying the "gravy fries" your doing yourself a great injustice. The gravy fries are crispy golden fries drizzled with gravy and tiny beef chunks.  OUT OF THIS WORLD!Every now and then you come across a place that truly surprises you.  Nicks is one of them.
A few years back I hear about this place. Kinda kept it on the back burner but finally made it in. Boy, I wish I wouldn't have taken so long.
Nicks is one of those places thats no frills, no bull. They do about two things, roast beef and fries. 
You walk in this place and immediately you feel a little out of place, this place is truly a  neighborhood establishment but the minute you sit down, your greeted with a smile.
The roast beef sandwich's are some of the best I have ever had and their prices our reasonable. 
If you live in the city or frequent it often, you owe yourself a trip here.I've lived here twelve years and I just tried Nick's. This place is a Philadelphia legend. My father in law has been eating there since he was so little he couldn't see over the counter. 
There are plenty of places that say original, or famous, but this place really is. The neighborhood, once rich in Italian American heritage has faltered, so please do be wary of your surroundings. 
Order a combo to get sharp provolone on your sandwhich, and overboard to get extra gravey, which is a must. The gravey fries were also delish.LOVE Nick's Roast Beef!  The food is SO rich and delicious, their beef is succulent, those gravy fries are outta this world.  If i let myself go as frequently as I wanted to I'd be 300 lbs and counting!You can't beat this place. South philly hangout: lagers, roast beef, and the birds. 
John, the older gentleman with the carving knife, looks like he's been slicing beef since ww2. 
The bartender has the classic south Philadelphia attitude. "Whudduyuwan?" Lager, combo with rabe, hots, gravyfries. 
Do yourself a favor, go, order a sandwich, and talk to the bartender. It's a good time.I haven't been here in a few years because I moved outside of the city, luckily they have another right by me. Coming back to the original was a great idea, the food is fantastic not to mention the gravy fries. I get them every time I go. A lot of locals, which I don't mind I feel like I fit in. If you're stopping in town you have to go here and get lunch one day, you won't be let down!Old-school dive bar that just happens to have the most toothsome roast beef AND roast pork sandwiches in South Philly.
They cleaned it up a few years ago, so it looks a smidge spiffier than it did in the Reagan administration, but otherwise nothing has changed.  Same old-lady hustlers still trying to scam likely marks into buying them a drink, too. 
Thorough sandwiches paired with necessarily cold draft beers- Miller Lite and Bud are the stars of the selection.   Last time I had fries they had a disappointingly repulsive reek of elderly oil, but everything else was a drippy drunky good time.Last year I bought a house in the Girard Estate area of south philly, having lived in the Rittenhouse/ Fitler area since 1993. I was disoriented for the first few months here, and I was despondent that there aren't the cool hangouts here that they have up in Newbold and East Passyunk.
Then I went to Nick's.
I can't say anything for the bar---which looks like a dive---but the dining room has great sandwiches and fries...a very local and welcoming place to get some serious cheap beers and meats in your face. Of course, it's not the healthiest food in the world, but don't come here for that.
Also, since living here, I have discovered that the sine qua non of philly is not the cheesesteak, but the roast pork sandwich. Hard core locals will always talk about roast pork, not cheesesteaks. The best cheesesteak I have ever had---and I have had many--- cannot compare to the roast pork sandwiches I've had at nick's. Ridiculously juicy, flavorful meat...slather liberally with horseradish, follow with cheap pint of lager, and what else do you need?
Truly a great local place, which I'm hoping no one else will find out about...
uuuuh...oopsI just wanna know, how did this place get so popular??  I thought it was a neighborhood joint (we have a friend that lives on 17th and Wolf) when we were introduced to Nick's a few years ago.
The hot roast beef is undoubtedly awesome, and the little jars of hot peppers and horseradish on the bar are a nice touch.  My fiance has dubbed this as "the best sandwich in Philadelphia", I think it's top 3.  The gravy fries are bomb.
Bartenders are always nice guys.  But don't expect anything fancy, it's a paper plate and tin foil/brown bag leftover kind of place.Roast Beef Special and Gravy Fries is the truth! The meat is tender perfectly seasoned and worth the calorie splurge! 
I only eat their Roast Beef sandwiches, because every where I try, it just doesn't compare. 
I don't know about bringing kids here, but I guess you can. We just hope on the Walt Whitman to pick up the order (hubby usually has a beer while waiting) and come home to grub. It's worth the toll.Great low key dive bar. The roast beef sandwiches are good, but the gravy fries are where its at! All of that plus a corona and you're setBest roast beef in city. I always order the beef combo and the gravy fries that are almost as good as the sandwich!!! I have been going here since I was a kid and I bring my kids here. Never, ever had less than a delicious sandwich. If your lucky they'll have the "outs' and get it "overboard". Thats the ends of the beef(crispy) and the sandwiched dunked in gravy. Awesome.As long as you never look at the crust around the hot tray that your delicious roast beef comes out of, you will be able to eat the best roast beef sandwich you ever had without disgust or guilt. Order the combo with some gravy fries, won't disappoint.
Tip for the meat eating ladies and the men that love them: During Shark week (AKA your period) go and get yourself a combo and a gravy fry. All the iron will fix everything and all the blind anger from the emissions releasing 'non grass fed' cow you digested will make you feel like mutha fucking Wonder Woman. 
TBH, this meat could be horse and I would still eat it and come back every time I am on my way to buy a box of tampons... And I love horses.It kills me not to give Nick's 5 stars, but I'm one of those people who needs room to go up for something I'll probably never see.  I have been a Nick's customer since 1981, and have never, ever, ever, had a less than awesome roast beef sandwich there.  It is truly one of the greatest sandwiches on Earth.  They expanded the menu from about 6 items maybe 15 years ago, and the additions are welcome.  Try the gravy fries loaded with beef bits and delectable gravy.  All the sandwiches are good, but just get the beef combo and be done with it.  All others, as great as they are, are sandwiches you are eating while you could have been eating a beef combo.  A beef combo with roasted hot peppers and gravy fries is as good a casual meal as you'll find.
     Okay, now I have to mention that the place is a dive bar.  I miss the days with the separate Ladies' Entrance and the french tickler condom machine in the Men's room, but at the same time I'm a little glad they've moved into the 20th century a little.  Unfortunately the neighborhood has gotten a little shaky and parking is always rough, especially if you get double parked.  It is still worth the trip though and it will be for years to come.this place really knows how to make a roast beef sandwich.
its is so good and the bread they match it with is pretty good too. the place itself is quite plain. but oh...the roast beef sandwich...how i love thee.The roast beef sandwhich is the best in the city, with kudos to the Cherry Street Tavern for being a worthy competitor.  They roast their own beef, carve it to order, couple it with mild provelone and put it on a fresh kaiser.  I pile mine with horseradish and peppers, which are on the bar and tables, and wash it down with a miller lite.
Atmosphere is an old south-Philly tap room.  Hasn't changed in the 20 years I've been going.Cheap quality Sammys and cold lagers make this a great spot for dive fare.  Bar tender was quick and attentive food came up quick hot and delicious... Would recommend to a friendIt looks like a total dive bar but you MUST try this place if you like roast beed!!  My first bite of the roast beef combo with provolone cheese sent greasy goodness down my chin and fingers.  The best roast beef sandwich I've ever had!  I never knew I liked horseradish until I ate at Nick's.  The gravy fries are okay, I think the sandwich steals the show!Great Philly Staple when it comes to Cheese steaks.  Definitely need to come back here frequent and often.South Philly.. Need I say more? go and experience what others have, you won't be sorry.Best roast beef i had in life, and the gravy fries are to die for  :-)Another South Philly secret.  The beef combo(beef and cheese) is thee sandwich to order here and one of the city's best for beef.  Been coming here with my father since a kid and they're still top notch.  A neighborhood spot for neighborhood people.Best roast beef and roast pork in the city for years. They need to upgrade the beer selection though if they want to remain the best bar in South Philly. There are too many great craft brews out there not to serve any. i am saddened that on friday nights they struggle to have a full bar. there are plenty of hipsters in the area that would support this place if only the beer selection was to their liking.This is a napkin soaking, finger licking good sandwich.  Pork/Beef - either is the best you will find in and around Philly.  Simple menu & amazing food.  Two thumbs up.I have been going there for 50+ years. Except for a few small changes it is   exactly the same.  It's a time warp..  The overboard beef sandwich is the best. I order 2.
  tender juicy beef with a great roll & gravy. it's like you're in heavenSo good! My father would I bring me here as a child and nothing has changed. Broccoli rabe combo is amazing with gravy fries.  This place is simple but spectacular.You wont find any better - Roast beef combo, gravy fries.  The staff is pretty cool too, they will be quick to refill your drinks with a smile but have no problem busting your balls either.  This is def a local bar look and feel but all are made to feel welcome.Roast beef is very good. The gravy fries are a must! The staff is always great, the south Philly girl I forget her name was great, she made the stay there comfortable. I will always go back whenever I'm in the neighborhood, also if you like to eat I suggest you and whoever your with share a ham sandwich after your meal !! Good size portion and will fill you up.Roast beef special and onion rings.  I've probably been to Nick's 100 times in my life and I've only ordered one thing every time- roast beef special and onion rings.  
This place is as good as it gets in South Philly.  As legend goes they used to refuse to cut a guy's sandwich.  As long as I've been going however I get my roast beef special cut which is awesome because that makes it easier for me to put the complimentary horseradish and banana peppers on it.  
Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives needs to stop by; this place is as authentic as it gets.The best roast beef sandwiches in the world. Period. Thick cut. Amazing flavor. Dripping in gravy. Delicious. 
Granted this is like a whole in the wall dive bar but the food is outstanding. The roast beef sandwiches come on a round Kaiser role served hot. So much flavor and so juicy. 
The "combo" includes provolone cheese. There are other various ways to change up the sandwich (scooped out role, extra gravy, light on the gravy, etc). My personal favorite is the overboard combo which comes smothered in extra gravy with cheese. 
The fries are good and crispy. Very simple menu also includes roast pork and roast turkey but the roast beef is the winner. 
Took an extra sandwich to go for lunch during the week and was still incredible. This is not the kind of thing you will want to share and will keep on coming back!If you like plain and simple awesomeness, this is the place to go.It has a very stereotypical South Philly vibe and some of the best roast beef I have ever tasted. Oh, and get the gravy fries.Great roast beef sandwiches and gravy fries.  I absolutely love the divey bar atmosphere. The waitress was great, light on the small talk and got our food to us in no time.Nicks' is best beef or ham sandwich in Philly. 20th & Jackson Sts. South Philly. OLD SCHOOL.
I get a combo (add Provolone and gravy "overboard"(extra gravy).
Their Ham combo is also great. Always have a few draft beers and bar.
Seating at bar or tables.
Horseradish(great), peppers and usual stuff. Their Birch Beer Soda is dfafted.
They pack sandwiches for travel and they travel well.
BEST BEEF & HAM ON EARTH for 9 to 90 yrs.
Prices are reasonable. I tip the guys that make sandwiches.
#####
Nick's In DELCO is very good to. They offer a sports bar vibe that welcomes kids as well. More "suburban" feel.
I'm sure they're family of the "ORIGINAL". Very, very similar beef. 20th street uses more Ham in sandwich. Gravy seems the same.
If traveling from/to DELCO for takeout tell them. And check bag to see if order is right.
They both offer french fries. May try fries with gravy... nice!Brought my son here last week after the Sixers game. Beef combo overboard, that's all you need to know. Italian Hots optional. The gravy fries were new to me, but I had to try them after viewing an episode of Meat and Potatoes on the Food Network. Can't wait to go back.This is my family's go to place to eat when we're passing through the city... I'll hop over the bridge by myself sometimes when I'm in the mood to sit down and have a few drinks and talk with the other customers and bartender...
I never stray from my usual roast beef combo and gravy fries. 
I know the driver that delivers the the roasts t o them. I couldn't believe how damn huge these things were when he opened the back of his truck to show me... All I can say is that they buy a great quality product to serve to their customers... No wonder they've been around for years...
If there is a downside to coming here, it's the parking.... or should I say finding someplace to park. It's well worth the hastle once you recieve your food though....Been coming here for over 20 years and always rock solid. Double park your car and grab a roast beef.  It is classic and legendary for a reason. Always conistently good grub.the oldest nd best in south philly for roast beef sandwhiches !
over 35 years i have been eating thier and never got a bad cut of beef !Normally I'm not a big sandwich person. But this place makes the exception. While on vacation visiting my parents in New Jersey. We stopped at this place for lunch. Let me tell you this had to be one the best sandwiches I've ever ate. Fresh on the spot made roast beef sandwiches. They take no short cuts. The locals love it and this place has been there for 100 years. It may be a bit of old school philly dive but worth it. I had the basic  roast beef sandwich (no cheese not a cheese guy) on a kaiser roll with gravy fries. The juice and the meat was just delicious and I swear I savored every last bite. Melt in your mouth flavor and filling. Will def be back. It's the local favorites like this that drive the best places in PhillyRead the reviews so I had to try it, it was well worth the hype... Best sandwich I've tried in while, but the icing on the cake was the gravy fries (true fat boy delight)Holy crap, this place is amazing! Not much to the outside and the inside is not fancy but they have amazing food! Get the roast beef drowned and the gravy fries! The onion rings are insanely great too! And if you're on keto or gluten free, no problem! Get the meat on a plate and smother it! So yummy!Finally tried this place out after my dad's been raving it for so long. Definitely a gem tucked away in south philly. It's a no frills place and all about the roast beef here.
Roast beef combo: sliced roast beef with sharp provolone and a Kaiser roll. I was blown away how a simple sandwich can be so good. They are generous with the beef and the meat itself is tender. The best part was certainly the gravy that came with the meat. Probably the best beef gravy I've had. Had a very prominent beefy and savory taste but didn't taste greasy like other gravies out there. The bun at Nick's was made for this sandwich since it soaks up the juices and gravy so well. It was also soft and a bit fluffy which made it even better. 
We also ordered the gravy fries which was good. They were golden and crispy and the gravy they put on top just elevated the dish. 
Cost: Fairly standard with other sandwiches in Philly.
Nick's Definitely has one of the best sandwiches in Philly and is probably my favorite roast beef sandwich I've had anywhere.We took megabus to Philadelphia and were on a mission to try a cheesesteak. Funny thing is, we never did try the original sandwich with cheezwiz (which I do appreciate for its history and "unique" consistency). I guess it's similar to the time I looked everywhere for Dirty Rice in New Orleans, and never found it except at a Popeye's... in Mississippi. 
Anyway, after going to Nick's, we figured this is probably better than the typical sliced beef sandwiches. The sandwiches here come with thick, moist slices of flavorful (aka fatty) roast beef and provolone. Since everyone suggested the gravy fries, we got one order, and ordered a second one because it was so good. They take the drippings from the roast beef, maybe whisk in a little flour, and pour it over fries. How can you go wrong? 
There was only one server for the whole seated section, so service was slow, but we didn't care. The food was worth it.Was craving a roast pork sandwich and our usual place was inexplicably closed Saturday afternoon, so Yelp led me here. I initially ordered a roast pork with sharp provolone and fries. I watched them make the sandwich but when I saw the fries, they were so greasy that I told them nevermind. The sandwich was delicious though and it was enough for my husband and I to share. The meat was well seasoned and tender. I had it with horseradish and peppers.Finally tried this place out after my dad's been raving it for so long. Definitely a gem tucked away in south philly. It's a no frills place and all about the roast beef here.
Roast beef combo: sliced roast beef with sharp provolone and a Kaiser roll. I was blown away how a simple sandwich can be so good. They are generous with the beef and the meat itself is tender. The best part was certainly the gravy that came with the meat. Probably the best beef gravy I've had. Had a very prominent beefy and savory taste but didn't taste greasy like other gravies out there. The bun at Nick's was made for this sandwich since it soaks up the juices and gravy so well. It was also soft and a bit fluffy which made it even better. 
We also ordered the gravy fries which was good. They were golden and crispy and the gravy they put on top just elevated the dish. 
Nick's Definitely has one of the best sandwiches in Philly and is probably my favorite roast beef sandwich I've had anywhere.After living down the street from this place for a year, we finally decided to try it for lunch the other day and we were not disappointed. Such a classic south philly spot with dive bar vibes and friendly staff. We both got the roast beef combo (roast beef with provolone). The rolls were fluffy, the meat was pretty thick sliced but not chewy at all, and the cheese was a great addition. Cant wait to watch and Eagles game here soon!I have to admit that I am puzzled by people going to Nick's Roast Beef at 19th and Jackson, I know the address is 20th street but growing up it was always, Nick's, 19th and Jackson, across from Lanci's bakery, and ordering roast pork, fries, cheesesteaks etc.  There is only one reason to go to Nick's Old Original Roast Beef at 19th and Jackson.  Guess what it is?  Its for the roast beef sandwich, that's it.  An 80 pound steam ship round suspended by chains and sliced to order on a fresh kaiser roll,  for that sandwich, there is none better.  If you want fries, go to Monk's, if you want roast pork go to John's or Tony Luke, if you want a cheesesteak, go to Jim's.  Don't complicate your life.This was my first time dining here and also my first time trying a roast beef sandwich. I am not sure why I was so opposed to trying roast beef, but I was definitely missing out. The roast beef sandwich here is so beyond delicious. Granted I have nothing to compare it to, but I am very picky. The fries are also great and everything is moderately priced. I will be coming back.Stopped by this legendary sandwich joint the day we moved to Philly and it did not disappoint. The Roast Beef was incredible, but the Turkey sandwich was a 10/10. The turkey was moist, flavorful, and the gravy they dipped it in was as good as any gravy I've had. Highly recommend Nick's, and make sure and grab a cheap beer while you're there.Nicks is legit!! 
Been meaning to come here for quite some time but the parking dilemma around Nick's is not joke. In addition, they still pack em in this old school pub/restaurant which can also create seating issues -- ok I know this all sounds negative but guess what; it's all worth it!! 
We did a sampling of their roast beer and roast pork. The roast beef lived up to the expectations that many folks have place on Nicks but the surprise for me was the roast pork. It has a nice rosemary gravy that gave it a distinct taste. The pork was tender and got even better when I added more gravy to the mix.
The atmosphere is also great. Locals are plentiful only adding to the charm of this Philly establishment. The service was great too! Fast, courteous and helpful!!Roast beef sandwiches are fuckin delicious. Take-out available. The end.Dear tourist, 
Do yourself a favor. Every cheesesteak in the city is almost exactly the same. Instead of going out of your way to go to Pat's or Geno's, get a cheesesteak at what ever place is closest to your hotel. Use that cab money to go to Nick's in South Philly. (the other Nick's places just aren't the same) The beef and cheese combo overboard is simply amazing and worth every penny you spend on the taxi to take you to and from. Nick's in South Philly is, without a doubt, Philly's greatest hidden gem. 
NOTE: If you care more about the way the place looks than the way the food tastes, don't bother. It's a dingy little neighborhood dive bar. You are here for amazing food, not because some toolbag artist designed the place. Remember, it's called Nick's Roast Beef, not Nick's Art Gallery. 
Also, to the person below who complained about them not having a booster seat for his one year old child. Here's an tip: DON'T TAKE YOUR ONE YEAR OLD CHILD TO A BAR!Went here before a night out and It was THE BEST roast beef sandwich I have ever had.  The first bite made all my taste buds stand at attention.  I got the roast beef sandwich with provolone and broccoli rob, gravy fries, and 2 Malibu Bay breezes.  I couldn't finish my entire sandwich so I got the rest wrapped to go, which I though wouldn't make it because of all the gravy they put on the roast beef.  But after a long night of drinking and dancing it was the perfect thing to snack on and even better the second time around.
The bathroom here is ridiculously small, I opened the door and almost stepped into the toilet, but it is a dive bar...  We were only 1 of 3 tables seated, waitress said business has gone down due to local teams not doing well this year and another Nick's location not too far away.  Over all GREAT food, good drinks and friendly service.  I will be back :)Lower your expectations on the decor and raise them on the food. The gravy fries are swimming in sauce and drippings from the roast beef, the combo sandwiches are made with sharp provolone, and the Yuengling is ice cold. They got long hots, broccoli rabe, and plenty of banana peppers and horseradish to go around. They just slapped a nice big tv on the wall and it always has Philly sports on. 
It can get a little crowded but that's to be expected in a place like this. Good food and good people. Leave your reservations at the door. Enjoy.Best roast beef sandwich I've ever tasted. The gravy fries definitely didn't disappoint. You have to get the real roast beef. Imitators in the city don't come close.I really enjoyed this place.  I live in Roxbourgh so I had to make a special trip and it was so worth it. The roast beef was great and the beer was ice cold. I saw Nicks on a best of list , so I had to give it a try.  Stop in even if you have To go out of your way to get there.The roast beef sandwich was top notch.  Picture this:  dripping with gravy but yet still able to taste the sharp provolone in every bite.  Served on a roll that stayed firm.  To top it off with a pitcher of beer and some gravy fries which is fries loaded with more roast beef and gravy!!!  This place is a dive in a very great way.  If I lived nearby I would be there once a week!!!!  Wish I had one right nowBest roast beef sandwich you will ever find. Nick's can't be beat. This is easily in my top three favorite restaurants in the city.I'm Jersey guy and I love Philly. The place is friggin goldmine and a true landmark. I hit this joint up every time I'm in Philly. The bartender with the white slick back hair is the snThis place is the king of dive bar eats. The roast beef with provolone is the best sandwich in town. I don't even like roast beef but I love this. The atmosphere says "hole in the wall." The food says "heaven."
Great food and service.totally housed the roast beef sandwich and gravy fries. can't wait to return!This is seriously the best sandwich I have ever had. I usually get a beef combo on the outs. I highly recommend it. If you don't like the outside cuts that have been marinating in juices then get it overboard. There is no such thing as too much of this gravy. On that note the gravy fries are also delicious. 
I can't speak to the ham or any of the other 2 or3 items on the menu, but why would you order anything other than gravy fries or roast beef?I have not been to Nick's in a long time. Far too long, I know, but there are so many new (and delicious) places to eat, I just haven't been to that neighborhood in a very long time. My mistake, for sure, and one that I will not make again.
Nick's is located in deep South Philly. It's old school. And that is what makes it so amazing. Although the prices have slightly increased since my last visit, the remarkably dingy, dark dining has not. Neither has the most incredible roast beef I may have ever tasted. Ever. Although they offer a few other items, the beef is where it's at. Hand carved to order, the au jus tastes as though it has been slowly reducing from the original slab of beef when they opened sixty years ago. That good.
I order the roast beef combo, on the outs, meaning they slice the crispy bits off of the outside and mix it with your sandwich meat. A slice of provolone makes it a combo and oh, SO good (can you tell I like this place?).
The interiors of the bun are lightly dipped in the meat gravy, and you won't believe how good it is. Rich, salty, indulgent, simple and oh so satisfying. The only condiments are banana peppers, horseradish and yellow mustard, all served table side. I made a vow to eat here more often, and I am already planning my next trip. Oh wait, I forgot to mention the gravy fries (I don't know how, they are AMAZING!).
Smothered (and I mean smothered) in shredded beef and au jus, these things are just the ticket to ensure you reach your maximum allowance of red meat in one meal. The fries themselves are just your standard, battered frozen french fries. But when coated with that delicious gravy, they transform into a comforting meal of meat and potatoes in its most delectable form. You are going to have to use a fork, which is convenient, because one of the biggest problems is fending off the people you are having dinner with before they eat all of the fries.This place has the best roast beef sandwiches and gravy fries, I really love them and love to come here.da bomb! nuff said... this is a little hidden Gem. You need to try it and do not forget to get the gravy fries. You'll definitely be back, trust me!I'm not a fan of roast beef, but a friend wanted to go there for lunch, so I decided to give it a try. I must say, that is some very tasty roast beef and the gravy fries are great! Service was good and the prices are low.No joke, my death row meal is a Nick's Roast Beef Combo on the outs with a side of Long Hots and Gravy Fries with an ice cold Miller Lite. 
In the city of sandwiches, this one is the best!Let me say this.  You can't go wrong with Nicks Roast beef.  This little hole in the wall has been on the corner of Jackson street forever and looks like it too.  It has all the charm you love about the city and has that feel of Philadelphia spirit all over.  I frequent Nicks since it's a block away and never had a bad item.  The roast beef combo is the way to go and just recently had the turkey combo which was just as good.  The real fact here though is that they use real prime meat.  That's right, they source real prime beef!  Who else puts prime beef on a sandwich nowadays?  Not many but nicks stays true to the tradition.  I can't recommend nicks more, the owners are some of the coolest people around too.Hands down the BEST roast beef sandwich.   On the outs combo is amazing.   Trust me.   So delish!11.11.16: Roast Beef was not on our original plans. But what do you do after a NBA game?After a long game we headed out to the bus stop. This place is supposed to close by. So we hop on the bus from the area and headed to Nick's. Nick's had a really high rating so we thought what the hey?
Got off the bus and Nick's was right in front of us. We walked in and a bunch of guys were just talking and they kept talking. No greetings whatsoever. The bartender continued his conversation while clean a glass. Okay.... I didn't realized this was a bar? So we looked around and yes still standing there and I'm sure we looked lost. Finally scanning the room I saw a sign..Seat yourself or self service or something like that. So I walked towards the back and there it was a bunch of seating with approx 4-5 people inside.
We waited as the server was helping everyone else. She didn't stop by our table at all. So we waited some more and finally after she pass us 6 times and refill some water, I was done waiting. I ask to order and she actually was really nice even though I stopped her in her tracks. Interesting, did she just not see us? hahha. She did but probably just full of things to do even though it was only two tables she was attending to.
Anyhow this place feels definitely hole in the wall, the menu is on a holder in which we had to get ourselves. Nicely done with definition of terms on the menu. I like that alot. We ordered the roast beef with provolone (Roast Beef Combo- yup that's what you would say to order it with provolone cheese) and gravy fries with pork.  We shared knowing we weren't actually hungry, just wanted a snack before bedtime. 
The food came out super fast. I'm sure all they had to do was put it on bread and fries. After our disappointing Jim's Steak for dinner we were really happy that we ate here to end our night. The Roast beef was so tender, I mean really it was. The provolone was so perfect with the beef, just the right amount of flavor that goes together. I'm not sure what kind of bread they used but it was perfect, it didn't fall apart because of the sauce or juicyness. The gravy fries were good, but not amazing as the Roast Beef since the pork was just okay. This is a must visit. I can't believe how happy I was! 
Great place to check out! No frills or thrills just plain ole good food served on Styrofoam plates. =)Best sandwich in Philly. Philly should be known for their roast beef sandwiches cuz of this place. They have roast beef fries which are also awesome. It's a dive bar but there are plenty of seats whenever I go.This was my first time ever eating here and it didn't disappoint, the RB sandwich is more than a meal and the gravy fries are amazing. We had s party of 13 and everyone loved it!Never had a roast beef sandwich like Nicks!!! Corner stores are great in philly and this one was a great find! The gravy fries are really good too!!! you gotta have the roast beef combo and fries!Nick's is an old school South Philly institution that has been churning out the same mouthwatering roast beef and roast pork sandwiches for years. The names and the faces may change (infrequently) but the food is just as good today as it was when I was a kid.
I remember being sent on errands over here when I was younger to pick up a few sandwiches for the family. Now, my siblings and cousins offer to stop here if they head over to visit us in Jersey. When I catch up with friends from my old stomping grounds, Nick's is one of first suggestions.  
This is where you go for roast beef. That much has been ingrained in all of us.This place is the REAL original old Nick's, or so I'm told by Robbie Tronco. He introduced me to this place years ago and their food is phenomenal! He used to shine shoes over in the bar back in the 60's when men still wore suits out to bars. The times have certainly changed but apparently their food has not, it's just as good now as it was then. I always get the roast beef special and smear some horseradish on and have a side of their gravy fries and a pitcher of birch beer. I had their roast pork once just to try it, I went right back to the roast beef next time. Not that their roast pork is bad or anything, it's just that their roast beef is that good!
If I have friends coming in from out of town forget pats or genos, if I want them to try some GOOD Philly food, this is the place I try to take them to!We've been going here for years and it's the best roast beef sandwich you'll get anywhere.  Period.  Once only consisting of three sandwiches: fresh carved roast beef, ham, or pork, they've expanded the menu over time and you now have extensive other options of turkey, broccoli rabe, and gravy fries.  
There simply is no comparison to Nick's beefy goodness elsewhere on this Earth.  Get a combo (where you'll get a slice of provolone on your sandwich) and don't be shy - break out the napkins and go overboard (where they dip the roll in the gravy) or wet (where they pour the gravy over the sandwich).  The mess is directly proportional to how good it is!  Add an order of gravy fries (where they spoon the roast beef scrudge over the fries) with a birch beer and your mouth will argue with your stomach on how much you can eat.This is one of my favorite Philly spots. Whether you're in Deep South Philly or Old City you can get some real homemade roast beef. (The kind your grandpa would be proud of) ALSO- the gravy fries!! Ugh you cannot go wrong with gravy fries. -Gravy fries $5 -Roast beef sandwich $5-$7 It's just a great, cheap meal and in this day an age that's hard to find.Nicks (is @ 19145 zip code ) has Great Roastbeef Sandwiches make you never to think of Arby's!!! This is the Philly smack to Arby's! Another packed place after and before ballgames especially Phillies games. An alternative to the cheesesteak to gain some pounds.By far the greatest roast beef sandwich out there.  I was introduced to this place about 18 years ago and no one has made a better roast beef sandwich in Philly since. My most recent visit was today and they haven't changed a bit. 
Too bad that there is absolutely no other good reason to come here. Parking sucks, it's cramped, and they've never had much of a menu.  And a simple roast beef sandwich takes too long to serve at 1pm on a Thursday.  Or maybe I just got the slower waitress.  All I know is that the two guys next to me who ordered at the same time as me got two roast beef sandwiches and two gravy fries 5 minutes before I got my one simple roast beef sandwich.  But she did apologize for the wait.  
Plus, maybe it's me. The sandwich I had today felt like it had less meat than what I used to get. Granted it had been a few years since I've been back to this location. But could they be skimping? Or maybe I just forgot the special code for more beef. 
But flavor wise they still have it.  They do one thing and they do it better than everyone else.Are you kidding me??? Everyone also says get a Philly cheese steak. I so go to Nick's get a beef with provolone and some gravy fries. You'll not be disappointed. They treat you like you're family as soon as you walk in the door and will include you in the conversation. The food is unbelievable and for the small price you pay it makes it even better. If you have one place to try when visiting it's here without a doubt. I will certainly return.Frickin amazing!  I could barely move after the roast beef sandwich with sharp provolone and fresh horseradish, side of gravy fries, and some long hots. The beef is tender and delicious and oh so juicy - eat the sandwich quick before your roll disintegrates lol. The rolls are actually perfect and hold up well. The fries are crispy enough that the very meaty gravy doesn't make them soggy. The hots are great too!  Plus our server, "T", could not have been nicer. Definitely on my will return list. Yummy!Awesome roast beef sammies! In my top 5 sandwiches of all time list! 
Chris the bartender is great and beers are cheap! 
Love it