Great burgers and zillion flavors milkshakes. Menu expansive w/all kinds of old school items.
breakfast, lunch and open till midnight.
Onion rings, fries, steak filet on burger roll, cheeseburgers, breakfast and...
Prices are inexpensive.
Can't go wrong.
Plenty of parking and the waitstaff is fine.
MILKSHAKES are super(100+) flavors.
You'll like the place for eating in booth or counter... Juke box.It's pretty good for when your craving a burger and fries. Their smothered fries are really good, and their burgers are adequately thick and flavorful. The first bites of the burger is a grand blessing to my cravings.
Only thing that bothers me is that near the end of the meal, the burger starts to taste bland with an oily texture and the flavorful fries becomes too overpower. But this is to be expected with the greasy food as my tastebuds warn me of my arteries clogging up.Every once in a while you go against your better instincts.  I walked into NF and there was a line to order take out.  Maybe  (I thought) this is a good greasy spoon, Wrong!.  The best thing about Niffty Fifty's is the name.  Great name!  Nothing we got as a take out order was very good.  Food was greasy and tasteless, but the worst of all and most disappointing were the ice cream based treats.  This place looks like an old fashion ice cream and hamburger joint and should excel at making ice cream treats and good quality burgers.  Maybe we hit a bad night, but we got neither.I was pretty upset about the breakfast I had this morning. The place was packed and I am usually understanding that busy places have slower service. Yet it took a long time before seeing our server and ordered our drinks and food at the same time. Then I later see her squeezing orange juice after she forgot one of our side orders. Sadly, she couldn't hear us very well because we were seated right next to the hectic kitchen. 
Once we got our food, it was mediocre. I ordered a breakfast sandwich with scrapple and they cut the piece in half! Yet my friend ordered a side and received a whole piece. The bagel was generic, and although the sandwich was tasty enough, I would prefer a more local, divey diner to this establishment. 
Don't even get me started on the joke that was the bathroom either. I couldn't believe it. The a/c dripped in me while I was peeing. Ew. 
Tl;dr?
Go to a diner for breakfast. Go here for a milkshake. That's about it.I grew up coming here & this is the perfect place to indulge in. They have so many milkshake options to choose from. My favorite is Mint Oreo. As a kid, I loved the variety of sodas they offered, I was in heaven. 
There is usually a wait but it goes by fast and it's fun to see the workers names and drawings on their hats. There is also a window where you can see them cutting fresh potatoes for their fries. I love this, because fresh always tastes better! 
The have a decent menu, hot dogs, burgers, chicken nuggets, chicken tenders, fries, onion rings, salads & they also serve breakfast until 11 am I believe. They are open until midnight which is nice if you want a midnight snack. They are very reasonable! They also have take out if you are in a hurry. 
The milkshakes are huge and it's more than enough to share with someone. I feel the same way about the fries, otherwise you will be taking food home. 
If you have never been here, it is a great experience for anyone.Ordered the  oreo peanut butter  milkshake it was absolutely delicious and thick. the Phillies cheese stake sandwich was nice but I've had better... 
Great service!The wait wasn't terrible, but there was definitely a wait! Took us about 20 mins to get seated but it was uphill from there. 
Our waitress was quick and friendly. The Snickers milkshake is a must!!!! They serve you a frosted glass and the entire container which is atleast 2 full servings. I got partially full off of half of the milkshake before they served the food.
The Bacon Cheeseburger is a banger. The Smothered Crabmeat fries were good also, but a little salty. The Onion rings needed salt bad, they were the disappointment of the evening BUT the milkshake more then made up for it. 
This was my.first, but certainly not my last because the milkshake list is fairly extensive. I'd be surprised if you don't manage to find atleast one you like.Always like this place. I grew up in the. NE Area and always went to this place for comfort food. Great place for a pregnant cravings lol.I absolutely love this place. They never
Disappoint when your looking for a juicy cheeseburger, fries smothered with lots of wiz or any milkshake you can dream of!! It def hits the spot. My fav milkshake is the death by chocolate. The one thing I wouldn't get here is a cheesesteak. There is so many better places for that in Philly.Best milkshakes in the world and every flavor you can think of. Great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Oreo milkshake is a great go toStopped at this place because we saw the Yelp reviews and we were spending the evening in a hotel across the street. I'm a nostalgia junkie so I really wanted to try it out & I am happy to say it was great. I think we ate our weight in naughty food and shakes, but it was freaking awesome! The line to get in was pretty long but moved quickly. We were willing to sit at the counter so we didn't have to wait as long as those waiting for a booth.
This is themed in white, red & black like a Johnny Rocket's but it's so much better. The emphasis is on the shakes and the sodas, as well as the food. You can get just about any flavor you can imagine. I had a death by chocolate shake (almost achieved), my date had a chocolate malt shake and my other friend had butter pecan.
I had a steak filet with cheese. They call it filet mignon but hey, it's just a steak. Price is good, though. We ordered cheese fries and I was so full I couldn't eat them. My guy had a bacon swiss burger. I'm sorry I didn't take more pictures since it's a fun little place, but boy was it incredibly busy! We could see everything going on because we were at the counter.
One extremely miserable excuse for a human being bitched out one of the young waitresses in front of us, and was just so totally out of line. My date called the manager over and told him that the customer was wrong, his employee did the right thing, and that she showed amazing customer service considering the woman's attitude. The wait staff and the line cooks were all working incredibly hard. It looked like back-breaking work, with tons of take-out orders coming in as well as the orders for seated customers.
I could only finish half my shake and still had a sugar rush. I can't handle that much and should have stayed away, but I regret nothing, haha!
So....we get up the next day and what do we decide to do? We go back for breakfast.
I had a cheesesteak omelet (yum) served with home fries (you can choose with or without onions), coffee (surprisingly good, most diner coffee sucks), and toast. My date had eggs with cheese and scrapple. He'd never had scrapple before, liked it, but said he prefers sausage.
They made some great-looking desserts, they have the Sirius 50s on 5 channel on at all times, and the place is fun. The noise last night was off the charts loud, but this morning was a bit quieter due to the elderly nature of the late breakfast crowd. Check out the menu and enjoy. I wish I had the money to open one up here, the place is a goldmine.Fast, cheap, very fattening, and delicious. 
Fries and shakes are amazing!
It's a cute atmosphere and a classic Philly location.  I prefer the one on Grant to the one in Bensalem though.This place is a Northeast Philadelphia staple. From going here after grade school dances to stopping in for breakfast on senior skip day, Nifty Fifties holds a special place in my heart. However, it's definitely gone downhill over the years, but I guess so has the Northeast. I really cannot tell if it just seemed nicer when I was younger or if it actually was. 
Anyway, I stopped in the other day with my girlfriend for some fries and a milkshake. Our waitress, I think her name was Darby, was really nice and quick with everything we asked for. The food was decent but the crowd was a little rough.I swear it!! Everytime I go there, even the cook in the back says "hi." Everyone who works here is friendly, or at the very least is a good actor. Shout out to Dave who must've worked here a gazillion years and hasn't lost his sizzle yet. 
You gotta try the Pistol Pete's spicy cheese fries. They're the best. Onion rings are good too, and huge! My husband always gets them and I'm alwayz sneakin them off his plate when he isn't looking. It's a carb paradise. You MUST also try either a milkshake (like Oreo Cheesecake) or a custom made soda ( a million different flavors-  you can even combine flavors..) All in all, whether its a party of 2 or 12, itz alwayz a blast!Came here with a friend who ordered a milk shake. I wanted just a scoop of ice cream because I wasn't very hungry. They said they I couldn't have a scoop of ice cream and I have to order a sundae which has three scoops. What kind of ice cream place won't serve you ice cream? 
I didn't order anything while my friend had his milk shake. They could have had some money for their scoop of ice creamNifty fifty's is the ultimate family and friends joint built on a "burger, fries and a shake." Like Friendly's, this was a place I visited as a child and was impressed by the yummy milkshakes. This was the first time in maaanny years I made a special trip to come to summon up some fond memories. Upon arriving, I noticed that parking area was tighter than I remembered. I had to carefully maneuver around the parking lot to safely park. Nevertheless, I squeezed in a spot. Entering the restaurant, I saw people waiting in like for take-out, lots of busyness in the kitchen, orders being taken, and families sitting in laughing and enjoying their time (possibly creating memories of their own). While this may seem romanticized, I wasn't completely thrilled because an overcrowded restaurant to me, translates chaos, wrong orders filled, and careless preparation. This was not completely the case here, but there was few minor incidences.
I wanted to indulge and treat myself, so I ordered a double bacon cheeseburger, french fries and a strawberry cheesecake milkshake--extra thick. All came to $15+change. My order was correct and I think the highlight was the bacon cheeseburger . It was fresh-tasting; had a very good grilled taste; cheese was melted well; and it had a good bun. Surprisingly, the milkshake was not good at all. It was just ice cream with a big piece of gram cracker. No semblance of a milkshake. I know I asked for extra thick but it was literally just ice cream that I could not slurp with a straw. When I go to chick fil a and tell them I want extra thick, they get it just right! 
Glad I made the long trip there for dinner, and while it was a good visit, I will return only for a cheese burger, if or when I am in the area.The food was really good. I had a caramel cheesecake milkshake, my boyfriend had a baby Ruth milkshake and our friend had a caramel apple milkshake. They were all delicious except in the caramel apple shake he asked for Reese's to be added, they were not. I had a grilled buffalo chicken salad which was delicious. My boyfriend had a filet minion burger with wiz. And our friend got a bacon burger. We ordered an appetizer of buffalo chicken cheese fries with ranch instead of bleu  cheese. They didn't put any cheese on the filet minion burger and the fries had bleu cheese. Everything else was great, and they did rectify the fry situation when we were finished our meals. Will try again, just know, the milkshakes are $6.Honestly I've never had a bad meal here. Just great comfort food, plain and simple. If you ever go here, you must try the milkshakes. They offer a lot of different flavors, so they always have something for everyone.
I've also done take out from time to time, and that has also been a good experience. If you have never been here, you need to try this place out.This is not the place to go if you want a serene atmosphere and a high quality meal -- however, if you want really tasty (albeit overpriced) milkshakes, this is a great spot.The burgers are delicious and the Oreo milkshake is to die for. The restaurant is clean and have a comfortable vibe. I like the old school theme, the waiters is nice, but  sometimes it is crowdedTerrible service ..waitress too busy talking to other employees to even offer coffee to the 2 of 4 people inside, ,we waited and waited finally walked out without ever being acknowledged. ..this  once fave breakfast place is now off my list..never fifty !Worst milkshake ever. Can't comment on taste as I can not get any up the straw. I bought it 15 minuets ago. 
Are you kidding me!Service is terrible but the shakes made to order heavenly. Added marshmallow to a chocolate shake and I'm still smilingThis restart is pretty good. I ordered the smothered Cher steak fries. They knocked me off my feet. They're amazing. I'd even go as far as to say this dish is heaven sent. I've had the burger, and just plain chew steak before from them, but they were waaaayyyyyy too greasy. They chicken sandwiches seem to be less greasy, and way tastier. Milkshake was super yummy, best quality milkshake in town to be honest. I enjoy dining here.Awesome!! I haven't been here in almost 18 years and it's just as I remember. The food is simple, but good, fresh everything. 
Burgers and fries, tasty, inexpensive and very fresh, onion rings made in house, as is the lemonade and oj!! It's a 50's style restaurant and while I wasn't around during the 50's it's exactly as I imagined the era to be!! My wife really enjoyed the experience and the fluffernutter milkshake!
The staff everywhere was having fun and was very friendly and quick with the service. This is a must try for anyone of any age!!Came her for milkshakes! Left satisfied...we paid about 11 bucks at the takeout window for 2 milkshakes..Great flavor.. Wife had peanut butter something and i had oreo cookie... Will come back for food soon!I wrote a review for the Nifty Fifty's in Bensalem, which you can check out.  That location is just a better overall restaurant.  Grant Ave. is just dirty and smells bad.
Our counter girl was nice and helpful, but she was preparing salad dressings in plastic ramekins very sloppily, and then not washing her hands to come assist me with the order of milkshakes.  
I don't think she made them, but they were quite good.Best milkshakes and value burgers around, but the street road location is much better.  It is less crowded and offers better service.We actually dined here two mornings in a row, mainly because it was conveniently located near our lodging.
Nifty Fifty's looks like... a fifties diner and probably not as "nifty" as it once may have looked. Lots of black and white checkered decor and motif throughout. 
We ordered a Fifties omelette (ham, cheese bell pepper) and French toast on day 1 and a steak and cheese omelette and chocolate chip pancakes on day 2. Both tasted fine. Service was fine. The syrup bottle was sticky as heck and that bugged me. Prices are very good. Less than 10 bucks for a hearty 3 egg omelette is a great deal. Their griddle food prices are average for the portion size though.As everyone in Philly knows they have the best milkshakes! (and they proudly display all plaques they have won that say so) I gave this particular one a 3 out of 5 because of the noise factor. 
All the food is great, perfect diner food for that late night summer outing when everything else is closing down. 
Down side to this one is the noise and crowd. If you go, expect it to be packed, expect to have to wait to be seated about 10-15 minutes at the least, expect to have a lot of noise of people talking/laughing/screaming over the 50's jukebox music. 
If you have a low tolerance for screaming kids but want the shake check out the one in Bensalem on Street Road. It is generally less crowded, it has an arcade, and a mini-golf course open in the summer! Fun for a casual high school lunch date - go play mini-golf and then get a shake. Good wholesome fun.
But back to this one on Grant RD, it is very good food wise (on the scale of diner food), but the crowding and noise make it hard to get seated and place your order since you have to scream at your high school age waitress over the awful din. 
Also note that they only accept cash as payment, but have an ATM in the front of every location for your convenience.Not only does Nifty Fifty's have the best french fries I have eaten in my life and milkshakes that are out of this world, it is a great place to go, especially with friends!  As an active member of drama club while I was in High School, it became a tradition for us theater nerds (I say that lovingly!) to go to Nifty Fifty's after the Friday night performance of every play we did, and the fact that we came with our stage makeup still on had the waitstaff assuming we had come from doing a play, but also wondering where we were from and why even the guys had makeup on!  A friend of mine had to spray paint his hair gray for one of the plays we did, so that evening at Nifty's, the waitress thought he bore a passing resemblance to Taylor Hicks.  How hilarious!
It does take a while for the food to come out but every time I have been there, the service was great and it is apparent that the waitstaff works very hard to make the experience memorable for their customers.I was taken here by an overenthusiast of this place. We had the onion rings, which were super yum! And milkshakes...MUST HAVE ONE! 
I had the spinach chicken cheesesteak, and wow, i could barely get through half of it, it was extremely filling. And their sodas are in a huge variety of flavors!Great place for a quick bite. Awesome chocolate egg cream.
I usually get the Caesar salad with a grilled crab cake. Eat and on my way! 
Good service, usually pretty quick.Eating at this place always takes me back to my childhood. My grandmother lives a stone's throw away (the Grant Ave location is THE ONLY location, as far as I'm concerned) and she always used to take us there when we were little, and I'd always order the same thing: golden fried chicken cutlet, black and white milkshake, and a basket of fries for the table to share. My brother still orders the double bacon cheeseburger. Yes, we eat here less often (this was the first time in a year or two), but that just makes the experience fonder and less waist-expanding when you do get around to it.
I'm almost 24 and the food still tastes exactly the same--which is something of a marvel in itself. Prices have gone up a bit, but the quality hasn't changed, and the service is just as fast. Everything is still freshly made and delicious. The chicken is still crispy as ever, the Cheez Wiz (gross I know, but it has its places--this is one of them) just as mouth-burningly drippy, the shakes just as thick and stomach-filling.
My kid brother and I went here just last night and the entire thing was a timewarp, right down to the shiny red vinyl seats. Although to me, the timewarp isn't necessarily the 50s--it's more the very early 90s.
Nifty Fiftys, I hope you never change.I love nifty fifty's.
Unfortunately, this particular restaurant on Grant avenue is filthy. Everytime I have eaten there, I've gotten food poisoning.The food is  good and shakes are pretty good....just make sure you don't use the ketchup it smelled spoiled :-( which caused me never to go back again!!! The waitresses are friendly...and the service was good!This place has the best filet mignon, ever. It was so succulent and juicy! I do admit, it does look a little grungy. But, don't let that keep you away from trying their oh so delicious food.Somebody once told me that milkshakes could be thick, decadent and full of blended Oreos. I humored him, while secretly doubting his sanity. A blended ice cream concoction full complete with freshly pureed cookies? Sounds like a Blizzard to me...and drinking a Blizzard through a straw just seemed silly.
He insisted that this was most definitely NOT a Blizzard...or a blend. It could indeed exist as a MILKSHAKE.
...but slurping the succulent smooth, with the occasional pseudo crunch of a slightly-too-large cookie from Nifty Fifty's, I didn't believe him.
...and now, "I'm a believer."
(Believe you me, this peanut butter Oreo milkshake is worth the drive...whether you're coming from the 'burbs, Philly, or NYC.)This place was great. Cheesesteak fries were delicious! And the shakes were the best I've ever had! They have like 50 different ones to choose from I ordered the Oreo cheesecake! I also got a double cheeseburger topped w 2 huge onion rings that was delicious also. My gf ordered the cheesesteak yummy. The waitress was very friendly! I would recommend this if your a burger shake and fry person.Some people love Nifty Fifty's, especially for the ice cream.  But my sister is a chocolate addict and the fact she hates their milkshakes says a lot.  They have a ton of flavors, both for Shakes and for Soda... but I haven't been impressed by any of them.  I've gone at least three or four times over the years and nothing ever seems that great.
Lately I"m trying to cut back on the soda, but I love it, and love a real Cherry coke with grenadine more than anything.  But as fake as soda is... whatever Nifty does to flavor their's just makes it taste even faker to me.  That makes no sense but it just comes off extremely artificial tasting.  And as for the chocolate shake, my sister can tell immediately when it's really chocolate ice or just vanilla that they mix chocolate flavoring into.  Nifty's failed that test.The only time I would come here is for the breakfast. Big portions. You know how diner food is. Wouldn't come here any other time tho. Food is smothered in grease and oil. And the veggies are not fresh at all. I took my burger home once and it had mold on it after a day of being in the fridge. No fresh ingredients and scared to come here. I'd rather stay healthyWent here during a Sunday afternoon. It has a retro 70s theme despite being called Nifty Fifties. Immediately you can smell the scent of fried food and cheese. I ordered the crab meat cheese fries which were just okay, nothing to write home about. I also ordered a chicken breast sandwich which a bit bland in flavor and mostly tasted of the oil it was cooked in. The spicy fries I ordered were just a bit soggy. The strawberry milkshake was the only highlight. It was very good and I would recommend it to anyone. This establishment is best known for their shakes and burgers...I can definitely vouch for the shakes. The waitress service was just ok alas so. She only stopped at my table once throughout the whole sit. Everyone was friendly nonetheless but I would only come back here for the shake.The food is really unhealthy, small for the price, and not too tasty. The sodas are delicious and the milkshakes are very heavy (two or more people could share one unless you want to be very stuffed!)Used to go there a lot and it was a great date spot, but on my most recent visit found they had really let the place go.  Dirty and dingy, I was kind of grossed out.  Too bad they let it go downhill.Great little burger joint! With shakes! Good price, great food. Confident wait staff and managers.simpe old-fashioned fifties food that is delicious. milkshakes are so good and in such large portions and large varieties. i have gone there for years-doesn't disappoint and def has a unique style. love their waffle fries.I went here thinking it would be the same as it was years ago, but i was wrong. First we ordered our drinks and they offered "nifty cola" aka some off brand gross wanna-be coke. I got the chicken fingers and buffalo sauce. It was also gross. Used the restroom, which was hands down the dirtiest, unsanitary restroom ive ever been in, bars included. I was so grossed out that i lost my appetite and left. Our waitress was friendly and did a great job, but shew, never againThis place is basically a faux 1950's soda joint, complete with waiters in paper hats, soda fountain, and 50's music on the jukebox.  It's bright, cheery, and I think this place is fun.  The food is super greasy and pretty much is guaranteed to give you a stomach ache later on (or at least make you add 5 pounds in one night), but the food isn't the attraction.  They've got great fountain sodas, particularly the chocolate coke.  I like their vanilla egg creams and root beer floats, but their main attraction is their milkshake.  They've got the best milkshakes in Philly.  Nifty's is a lot of fun, so grab a bunch of friends and go with an empty stomach (and maybe some Rolaids...).Terrible atmosphere and the food wasn't good. The bathrooms were dirty along with the restaurant itself, it smelled like feet when we walked out.Great junk food! Awesome burgers, cheese fries, onion rings, milkshakes, sodas! My boyfriend LOVES this place and wants to go there every day :-p4 stars for food- missing one for the service its hit or miss, but if you want exception service, be sure to ask for Dave. The food is comfort food and the milkshakes are delish but after eating it makes me feel like I need to run a marathon around the Northeast Phila Airport...which may not be the worst thing. I recommend coming here for some good ole comfort food!I really enjoyed the fifties atmosphere. made me think I wasn't happy days. I had an ice cream float which I hadn't had in years and it was delightful. I ordered a fish sandwich and it was all that I had expected and more.Yum! The food was great!
A friend of mine told me that she has gone to Nifty Fifty's a hundred times with her kids and they love it.  Very family friendly environment!  The music was fun to listen to.  It was busy and a little noisy, and I think they could use some physical updates around the place ... but we got a booth and were very comfy and ready for a relaxing meal.
I loved that you could make a soda combination and I chose Strawberry and Passion Fruit ... it had real pieces of strawberry and the passion fruit was just a refreshing compliment!
I had a cheese burger, and it was juicy, tender, and with all my favorite toppings.  I also shared some cheese steak fries with my hunny, and I couldn't stop eating them!  Fries had a nice crunch but the inside nice and soft, and the melty cheese and steak on top was just awesome together.
Our waitress was very nice, had a good sense of humor, and was very happy to serve us.  I think that is just such a pleasant way to enjoy a meal when your server takes care of you and is on point with refills.
I was so full, I didn't have room for their famous milkshakes, but I would definitely go back because the orders I heard floating around me sounded delish, like oreo mudpie and strawberry cheesecake milkshakes.  (Oh, and I wanna try the their Texas Tommy dog.  It passed by looking ginormous and heart-attack good).
Thanks for a great American favorite meal, Nifty Fifty's!An amazing place for milk shakes and a hot dog!!!! This restaurant was part of my childhood and as an adult I still love going.The food at nifty fifties is usually awesome.   However don't expect any stellar service from this place and dont expect it to be very clean either.  I have  2 young ones and I would bring them here if it was clean.
Fries are great
Filet sandwich is great too
Love the milkshakesI love the throw back to fifties Bobby socket days! And the cord is pretty good. The fountain sodas are awesome!I took my daughter for her 14th birthday. I was underwhelmed, the place was dingy and crowded. We had to stand in line and wait to be seated. When we were finally seated tour table was still dirty and sticky from the previous diners. 
The waitress was nice, but seemed overwhelmed and was actually sweating from running around so much.  She cleaned our table and ordered our food. I think we ordered extra food because between standing in line and our neighboring diners, I got a contact high from the weed stench. (I can't blame the restaurant for that, I know they have no control over that.)They do have control over the table of 8 young highschoolers that were TOTALLY OBNOXIOUS AND LOUD...intentionally breaking dishes and throwing food as the staff laughed and engaged their nonsense!
The food is the reason this place received any stars at all, every thing from the burgers to the cheesy onion rings and fries were delicious. My wife and daughter had the milkshakes and said they were stellar. this place needs a good cleaning and the staff needs to be upgraded and retrained on how to work  at a hectic pace but still maintain a level of control professionalism.Niftys was and probably still is overrated. I guess after hearing how super awesome it is from everyone, it's just like when someone overrates a movie.
But IMO, Niftys is awesome for what it is. A dive. A diner. And that's all you should take it as. It should probably be featured on Food Network's DDD, but only if they actually make some of the shiz from scratch.
The Royal Burger with bacon - can't really go wrong here. Juicy burger + bacon + freshly fried onion ring with fried onion, ketchup, pickles, tomato, lettuce (all your choice of free toppings) = yumm. I'm never disappointed. 
Milkshakes - a bit pricey, but they are good. No better than other places I've gone to though. But I will pay for them milkshakes for the 2 months around fal that they have the seasonal PUMPKIN MILKSHAKES. Worth it.
Soda pop - my bf is from the area, so the server Dave knows him. He mixes him up whatever, and they always turn out awesome. Makes us feel welcome, and like we're back in the 70s or something.
Love Niftys for what it is. Nothing less, nothing moreAte in once and that's it. Very greasy booths and table tops! I only ate the food once but I come often for the milkshakes that I always get to go. Huge selection of milkshakes and they are so good. Call ahead of time because there's always a huge line just for takeoutThe waffles and ice cream, the cotton candy milkshakes, the spicy chicken nuggets and of course the spicy cheese fries are all equally amazing and incredibly delicious! I absolutely love going here every so often and love bringing my daughter along as well. Very energetic atmosphere and it is always a fun time designing a new paper hat to go home with.This is a feel good place. It's where you can just lay back and get greasy with your food and pig out. You instantly feel the fun upon arriving. The diner is decked out with 50's themes. I always imagine I'm in a back to the future movie whenever I'm here. Food wise, expect delicious comfort flavors. I recommend everything on that menu, I'm sure the menu itself was designed on the concept of having all the items work with each other. How can you go wrong? Juicy cheese burgers with fries and a shake or hot dogs with chilli and cheese fries and mint soda? You see? How do you go wrong with these combinations? The shakes here are really the draw though. The options are endless. You have anything from traditional shakes like vanilla and chocolate to Irish potato and black cherry cheesecake shakes. The only complaint I may have is how greasy the onion rings are. For a place known for cheesy fries and fat burgers, that's saying a lot. Some of the shakes are also over sweetened but that doesn't take away from all the options they offer. Prepare yourself for a good time every time you're here.Been here several times with the family.  The place can get crowded but once seated you're in for a treat.  The milk shakes and sodas can be mixed and match in any combination.  It's up to you on the combo so be careful....some things go very well, while others sound good but...
Food is standard fair.  Make sure you check to see if fries and such are included with any of the specials.  When a Coney Island dog or a Polish Sausage with Kraut are on the specials board, they are the special and in two cases of ours, did not include fries or chips, etc.
We like the place and will be back.Couldn't get past the line at the door.  While I stood there for 30 minutes,  I watched food just sit in the window,  "so no one was eating at the tables I'm waiting for along with 20 other people ", YOU NEED NEW WAITRESSES! It was downright disgusting how long the food just sat there, it should have been thrown away!Throwback with a vengeance! 
It's doesn't look like much from the outside but inside it's got all the charm of yesteryear. There's ample parking outside and a great joint to hit up for dessert or just because.
Walking in, there was a bit of a line but that was ok since it gave us a chance to review the expansive menu options. We went with the cookies and cream milkshake - figuring it'll be a crowd pleaser for all. One shake is more than enough for two and we ended up taking half of it for later since we didn't finish while sitting there. 
I liked the vibe - 50s style diner from the booths to servers, everything echos a bit of nostalgia without overdoing it. 
Hoping to come back for more menu explorations and maybe actually finish a shake in one sitting =)!Food is okay- I avoid anything with meat because Everytime I do I end up getting majorly sick from it. I like the fries, lemonade, and the milkshakes, especially the smothered buffalo fries. The good part is knowing that everything is homemade, you walk in and you can see someone doing hand cut French fries which is a major plus! Interior is like nice, however it always feels like the table and chairs is sticky.Love This Place Its Always Busy Tho. Its Hard To Even Get A Pickup Order. But I Love Their Burgers And Fries.This place is not clean I've got a stomach virus from eating here many time but I keep going back ??I've been going here since I was alittle kid. Their food is great and so is their milkshakes. Their prices got even higher though in the past few years. Just for cheese fries, a double burger and a milkshake it was almost $20. I prefer going to the one in Bensalem because it is bigger. The prices won't stop me though, I love their food.Ugh. I went here for my birthday with some friends and it was HORRIBLE. They didn't bring out our food for literally an hour. And our waitress kept walking buy. Finally when we asked, she said that the cooks must have lost our food ticket. Now, I am a waitress. If you see your table sitting there for a long time. You ask about their food in the kitchen. You do NOT let the food not get taken out for an HOUR until the customer has to ask you where it is. And then they brought me out ice cream in a mug for my birthday and wouldn't even let me keep the mug!Burgers overcooked and milkshakes are just ok.Been going to Nifty Fifty's for years and years.  Love it here!  Yes it's loud and service can be slow but the food is decent and we always have a good time.  They have every flavor milkshake you can imagine and their Pistol Pete's spicy nuggets are great.This place seems to be going downhill. I've been going here my whole life. Last time I was there the server took forever to get my drinks and my food came out cold like it was sitting. The fries weren't too good either. Not sure if there's a new cook or what but the place def needs some new employees.Always fresh and filling meals from burgers to cheesesteaks to hotdogs and fries. It's all good. The various smothered fries and the onion rings are a personal fave as well as their custom fountain drinks. If you haven't tried a shake here yet, it's a must. The options have something for everyone. The downside is many times its full, especially on the weekends and it can be hard to find fast seating, especially for groups. Overall though, a great place and a staple in the NortheastHands down the most fresh and delicous food i have tasted. Every single thing on the menu is mouth watering.
The milkshakes cannot be matched. They have so many damn flavers to choose from that it took me longer to decide on the milkshake than the food. Bonus: you can mix flavors.
The service was fast and the wait for food was not long at all. The waiters were friendly and was very cheerful.
Bottom line awsome spot!!I grew up not far from this place. I hadn't been here for years. I must say that I found the place to be way better then I recall growing up!
We arrived to a small line. The line seemed longer then it really was because the wait space is cluttered with quarter collection, lottery ticket,and crane machines! No one was using any of those and it made the line seem a lot longer because of the limited space.
The place was packed. Bussers and servers were turning and cleaning tables as quickly as possible. I was so hungry! I was excited when we finally got our table. I recalled the burgers being small so I ordered the double Leo. My friend and I split a large cheese fries. It was a big order and they were fantastic! Best fries. My burger was seasoned perfectly. I would have preferred it a little more well done but I didn't ask for it that way do I take the blame. Cheese slice was think and creamy. 
I had been so hot from the heat and the waitress picked up on that and brought lots of refills quickly. I really wanted a milkshake but I was so full and being diabetic it made sense to skip it. So many options..I mean if you are healthy go for one! I used to live cherry cheesecake! 
This place is small but run well. It's nostalgic for me because I remember when it opened when I was in hs. It's clean, fair priced, and the service is great! Those that love a 50's gimmick will really love it but for me the fries and memories will always bring me back.5 stars hands down! This is my first review on Yelp but definitely not my first visit to Nifty Fifty's. This is our go-to burger joint. After reading some reviews today I felt compelled to share my love. I'll start with the shake; by far the best around. Served super thick (don't ask for it extra thick, there's no need)with the extra served in the silver mixer cup. Just had the Death by Chocolate with Peanut Butter tonight and it was delish! However, I am a huge fan of the Cookies and Cream :) But I'm sure no matter what shake you get you won't be disappointed. And with over 100 choices you'll be sure to find one you like.
The Burgers; we have only had the Royal( double pattie)with Bacon. The burger patties are hand pressed and seared not grilled, topped with amazing homemade onion rings and bacon on a delicately toasted bun. The fries; handout and fried to perfection, need I say more. I also HIGHLY recommend the Chicken Fingers (not nuggets), they are the best around. They are hand breaded and not frozen.
I love the atmosphere, laid back and casual. The staff is always friendly and attentive. Take out is enjoyed just as much as eating in but, sometimes it's just too busy cause it's that good.From what I've heard, I was expecting an amazing burger and food that wowed me. What I got was a really good milkshake but weird onion rings. The milkshake was good  but it's certainly not worth the gas to drive to a Nifty Fifty's. I don't need to go back.Its been a good while since i last had Nifty Fifty's, there was a short decline post sentencing back in 2013, which made me walk away with fond memories of Nifty's at peak. Suffice to say its been a few years, and I'm happy to say things have sorted themselves out- on a bit of whim and whimsy i decided to give it a try after a few years feeling nostalgic.
Me and my usual dining bud dropped into the place around 10:30 and remained for roughly an hour- half an hour past closing. I opted to grab a Chili Texas Tommy, Smothered Steak Fries, a Triple Bacon Cheeseburger, and 6 piece nugget. My cohort a regular Texas Tommy, Cheese fries, and a Regular Bacon Cheeseburger. For drinks i kept things minimal trying the new Pineapple Cheesecake that hadn't been an option since i last came, and a black and white (Which was pretty good)
Service was a little bit on the slow side considering it wasn't that packed- so was the uptake on refills for the drinks. The food also took a bit longer than i'd have liked to prepare, but it wasn't overly slow. After the wait /most/ of the food came out fantastic, if a bit sloppy (Looking at you chili Texas Tommy), but that just means its loaded up with even more of the good stuff.
The burgers were well cooked and served open face so we could apply our own condiments if desired, I opted out of them to enjoy the cacophony of meat cheese and bacon in all of its glory. The bacon was good-  crisp, but not charred. The burgers came out fairly juicy, but the cheese was a bit on the lighter side, still tasted great though. If i didn't know better id say is coming off a block of sharp cheddar being cut per burger based on the size and shape of the cheese.
The loaded fries were larger than i remembered, decent portions of steak, and absolutely cloaked in a bed of sharp cheddar- which tasted fantastic. Fries were decently crisp considering the amount of Whiz on them, yes, whiz, with a Z, the way cheese fries are meant to be.
Texas Tommy's were nice and plump, bacon wrapped directly around the dog and cooked to perfection, loaded with so much chili & whiz that i probably should have been eating it with a fork. (Spoiler alert, i didn't, a full tree probably died so i could gently wipe up whiz from my lips after each bite.)
The chicken nuggets were a real letdown, and not because they tasted bad- that'd be hard to accomplish. I know they're breaded and fried in house, and the meat quality is solid- if tradition hasn't changed at least, but boy were they left in the fryer too long. Came out extra crispy, so crispy in fact- if i hadn't noticed and been careful- if i had instead, tried to eat them with reckless abandon we'd have to add an additional 2 X's to "extra" equation from what it'd have done to my teeth. Still enjoyed them but i had to be really careful about how i ate them.
Drinks were fantastic, as usual with plain green, didn't taste much in the way of cheesecake with my Pineapple Cheesecake, but that's okay, the pineapple was delicious- half tempted to just order a cheesecake soda the next time just to see what it is supposed to taste like, black and white was reminiscent of an egg cream- and fantastic as well.
All in all i enjoyed the experience, and i'm proud of the franchise for hanging in there and recovering the way it has. With most of my fears from the state of things in 2013, i'll definitely be back sometime soon.
Flavor & Presentation 4/5   |   Service & Speed 2.75/5   |   Price & Proportion  4.5/5
Overall 4/5Great food, large portions from the 50's. Milk shakes are the best. My friends and I  come from upstate NY to eat here. The buffalo chicken sandwich  is the best.I need to start by saying that some Yelpers are overly critical and needy. This is a 1950's, old-school diner. Some of the reviews just aren't on par with the type of restaurant this is. 
That being said, my partner and I are foodies. We typically spend between $100 to $150 when we go out to eat. And guess what - Nifty's is still on my top three restaurants. I seriously am obsessed with this place. I always get the same thing - double cheesburger, black and white milkshake with malt, and cheese fries. Everytime I go in, I see other things I want to try but always end up getting the same thing.
I've been here 5 times and it is literally mouthwatering. Best burgers and milkshakes I have ever had. We are going this weekend for mini-golf and burgers at the Jersey location. I'm pumped.Nifty Fifty's is my favorite place to get a burger!!  They are by far the best around.  I also get the Cheese fries which are delicious and I am not even a fan of cheese fries!  
The atmosphere is that of a 50's burger joint.  They are known for their milkshakes and they make their own soda.  There are all kinds of different flavor soda that you can have made.  The prices are very reasonable and the staff is reallt friendly!  The only drawback is they dont take debit or credit cards, only cash.  They have an ATM if you need it, but I try to bring cash with me.Nasty nasty old nasty outdated nasty old nasty outdated nasty nasty rats nasty kitchens nasty old nasty Nasty nasty old nasty outdated nasty old nasty outdated nasty nasty rats nasty kitchens nasty old nasty Nasty nasty old nasty outdated nasty old nasty outdated nasty nasty rats nasty kitchens nasty old nastyGood food, burgers and wiz cheese fries are a must. But I really go for all the great drinks from mixed soda flavors, my personal favorite cherry lime but hot day in summer fresh ice tea lemonade mixed is good choice. 
But best of all all the milk shakes, Extra thick  Oreo w/ MALT is my goto favorite. 
Only down fall it's kinda dirty. 
Definitely not the cleanest place to eat. 
Bathrooms are very cramped and dirty.The food was pretty good and I really loved the orange fresh. But 45 minute wait for take out wasn't appreciated.
As for the service when you dine in. The server took about 15 minutes just to come buy for the first time. She brought the food out and then never came back to check up on us. If we need a refill on something or need anything else. Even to get our check, we had to walk around and look for our waitress.I always take people here if they are here in the Northeast. Luckily, it is incredibly close to my house but the shakes are incredible and the combinations are so good you want to cry. I love their pina colada milkshake and their desserts are always incredible. I love that they have so many different sodas and their burgers are incredible. Also their fries are so good that if I needed a lat meal, I would order their cheese fries with the spice on top. I used to go and try their chicken nuggets which are handcut and hand battered and their spice mix is to die for. I cannot rave about this place enough and while I have not gone in a long time, it is always very special when I do go. I love one of the servers, Mike I think, the most because he is always so sweet and great at his job. They always have incredible recommendations as well and I love their fabulous menu. The retro feel is awesome fabulous for a great dining experience. Go!I want to dislike this place because of the tacky ambiance, but alas, it is impossible.  Everything I have ever had there is delicious.  The milkshakes are the best around.  The food is reasonable and there is plenty to choose from...I am a fan of the chicken cheesesteak myself.  If you are planning a trip here, just make sure there are no high school dances in the area that night...seems to be a popular after-dance spot among the local children.Came here bcuz my friend was having serious craving for a milk shake.  I had a chicken finger player with onion rings and a strawberry lemonade.  My food was served hot and on time, the strawberry lemonade was to sweet even after stirring like crazy I had to add extra water to it. Our server Tiffany was right on point pretty smile and gorgeous eyes. She made sure we were ok. I would go back thereWell food is always good but the service has stayed the same very poor is they bump up service this places would be better but I think this will be my last time here sorry not sorryService is kind of blah but the food is great! Had a Texas burger which was delicious and a regular order of fries. I wanted a shake but I was extremely full from the food. But I had coworkers who ordered a shake and enjoyed it.We came to the diner for breakfast. It's a very nice classic diner. The food is good and the price is very reasonable. But the service here is not to my expectation. The waitress was not friendly. After she took our orders, it takes 15 mins before we got our coffee. And when she deliver the food to us, she just toss the cream and butter on the table. Even though the food is good but with this service, I don't think I will come backBreakfast is NOT their thing. I went last week and it was just awful, eggs ordered over light came out rubbery and hard. I've eaten their before (lunch) and it was good. I guess I have to stay with lunch if I want a decent meal.The food is so good reminds me of carnival food which is great,, I so love the cheese fries and cheese onion rings! The cheese it's self taste so good,, the bad part everytime I go the line is out the door I never got seated b4 I always end up ordering to go :(Ordered a Texas Tommy and milkshake to go.   Shake was Meh.  Tommy was not edible.  There was half a bottle of mustard on it.
After cleaning it up, I have the following comments:
1) Generic bland roll,
2) Hot Dog of indeterminable meat
3) tiny, tiny piece of bacon
4) fake Cheese Wiz.  Supposed to come with melted cheddar, needless to say this was not it.
I shot them an email as I did not discover the abomination until about 10 miles away.
No response.The service was great. The food was AMAZING. We had the crab cake and spicy cheese fries and wow! Everything tasted fresh. Large selection of milkshakes. Definitely will be coming back next time we visit Philly.This was one of my favorite places for years but over time service has gone down the tubes the area behind the counter is dirty and I don't know how L and I has not closed them down I get a stomach bug every time I eat there and the counter help in now horrible.. they need new management before it's too late ... bewareI went here on a late night about a year ago. I have heard great reviews for this place in the past, but I didn't expect much since this place seems outdated. I had a crab cake sandwich minus the bun and it was meh. It did the trick but was obviously not the freshest and over salted. The fries here were seasoned so I liked that. The best thing about this place is the variety of milkshake flavors! I mean wow, you can get just about any milkshake flavor under the sun. The wait is always long on late summer nights but the countless flavors make up for that. I had a birthday cake milkshake which was low quality but it was extremely sweet which luckily, is something a sweet tooth like me enjoys. Would I come again? Probably not. Will your teenage kids like this place? yep.I have never had a bad experience in my 10+ years of coming to this diner style restaurant. If you are looking for a place to just relax with some old friends over one of the best milkshakes you'll ever have in the greater Philadelphia area, this is the place to go. There is a reason the lines go out the door every weekend.The food is ok, but we have had better here in the past. The main reason we went was for the cheese fries. This was always our hot spot for them. Things have obviously changed. We ordered 2 large cheese fries for the table. We ended up leaving an entire basket of fries that did not have cheese. When we asked if they would put more cheese, we were told that they would charge us.   When I asked why they would charge us when it is obvious that it wasn't enough cheese we were told that they use a specific amount.  If we can't get good cheese fries here I guess we will go across the street to Five Guys.I think the food at this place is going downhill. The last time I went, I wasn't too impressed. The place is always packed. It's a great place to go with kids for cheap eats like burgers and breakfast. I went for breakfast on a Sunday and needless to say they were packed and there was a wait. When we got our food though, the toast and eggs were cold, and the service seemed to be too rushed. 
I must say that the milkshakes are still good, and I would go for the carryout milkshakes, but not to dine in.We went on a Thursday night and the line was out the door as we left around 8:30pm!  
Pros: We were able to get seated right away, they had cute diner hats for the kids to color and wear, easy parking, do have a kids menu.  The food portions were as expected and the food was cooked perfectly, everyone liked their order.
Cons: Our food took longer than normal to arrive (many people who ordered after us received theirs before us), longer than normal to get boxes/check/payment (had to ask our waitress twice, eventually asked a different waiter after waiting 15 minutes), and the whole restaurant could use a good scrub down (sticky floors, dirty bathrooms, etc).  Our waitress was not friendly.My childhood! Going to this place brings back so many good memories, mostly of late nights with my high school friends. My parents used to take my brother and I here when we were younger, and the food has been consistently delicious for the past 15 or so years that I remember. 
Cheesesteaks, hot dogs (try the Texas Tommy), and burgers are all great. My favorites are the fries (the seasoning is amazing), and the nuggets. These are not your average chicken nuggets. They look like they were once part of a chicken. They are breaded with actual bread crumbs, and are cooked to perfection (and not greasy). 
Nifty's is probably most famous for their drinks (no, they don't serve alcohol, but you'll be fine); namely, their soda fountain and homemade milkshakes. They have every flavor you could want at the soda fountain. Blueberry? Yes. Chocolate? Yes. Strawberry? Yes. Blueberry-chocolate-strawberry? Yes! They'll do it!
Oh and the milkshakes...where do I begin? Have you ever had a cherry cheesecake milkshake? Cookies and cream? Almond Joy? Prepare to have your socks knocked off. 
I recently had the pleasure of taking a friend there for the first time in his 26-year-long life (how he went that long without a Nifty's trip, I have no idea). Watching the experience was good enough, but I also got to eat while we were there (nuggets, of course!). Heaven? I think so.I stumbled on this place because it was the only thing open after 10 pm. While a bacon cheeseburger is not the best meal just before bed, I was certainly looking forward to it after seeing the inside of the place. The walk up for take out was busy, even at 10 pm on a weeknight. After ordering I started people watching. The crowd was a mix of all ages. 
After almost 30 minutes of waiting I asked about my order. Surprisingly it was sitting there waiting to be handed to me. The smell from the bag was almost more than I could take. After a long flight in coach from Arizona without a meal I was ready for this!  After getting back to the hotel and getting settled I got ready to dig in. 
So here is the review of the food:
- Single Bacon Cheeseburger. Opening the package the burger had slipped apart and it had to be reassembled. The first bite tasted good but I think it had been sitting waiting for some time before I got it as the bottom bun was very moist and fell apart. For the burger I would give maybe 3 stars - not the best burger I have ever had but it was pretty good.
- Onion Rings. There were fantastic!  On this alone I give 4 out of 5 stars. 
All things considered I might try this place again...but I might just go to 5 Guys across the street.This place won me over before I sat down to eat simply because of the music selection. I *love* "oldies" and this place plays the hits. But I'm sure that's not what you care about...
This location is usually pretty crowded, and sometimes there's a wait, but the upside is that they have a parking lot, so that's one thing you don't have to worry about. The service is super fast and the last time we were there we had a waiter who was one of the happiest, friendliest people I've ever met. Generally the service staff are in a good mood and very attentive. Nifty Fifty's really caters to families with young children and there are always crayons readily available for the kids to make little hats with.
Anyway, onto the food. Their burgers taste like they were made in my backyard. Very simple but scrumptious, and you can get whatever you want on them. I normally go for cheese, fried onions, and mushrooms. Their spicy cheesy french fries are my favorite thing about this place. I could devour the entire basket if no one stopped me. They remind me a little bit of Chickie and Pete's "crab fries," which I also love. 
The most important part of this place is, of course, their milkshakes. They have, oh, I don't know...about 600 choices to choose from? Seriously, though, it's a LOT. Fruity ones, chocolate ones, yogurt ones, the list goes on. Whatever you want, they'll have it. Cheesecake ones, cookie ones...more just keep coming to mind. And they're HUGE. I mean, you can fill up a regular glass and have a metal container with leftovers. Or you can take your dessert to-go and they'll give you a giant styrofoam cup. The only problem with that is they are normally filled with chunky bits of goodness and you can't get the pieces up the straw!
They also have something which doesn't interest me, but may be fun for your kids: customizable soda drinks. I see sodas coming out all the time that are blue or green or pink or red. The kids really like them.
Anyway, this place is super kitch-y and there are kids all over, but if you're craving burgers, fries, and milkshakes - this is the place for you! It's super cheap and makes you feel youthful!I have to admit, the hokey fifties decor and the waiters' outfits will be big turnoffs for most adults, but Nifty Fifty's eclipses other fifty's-style burger joints with food that really, truly rocks your socks off. Since the early nineties, Philadelphia Magazine has named Nifty Fifties to its Best of Philly list in eight separate categories: Best Value for the Family, Best Ice Cream Soda, Best Ice Cream Sundae, Best Texas Tommy, Best 50s Style Eatery, Best Hot Dog, Best Milkshake (won two separate years), and Best Cheesesteak. The burgers and fries are pretty incredible, too.
So with this tremendous list of accomplishments, what MUST one order if given only one trip Philly's favorite fifty's style eatery? Personally, I never miss a chance to order a basket of those amazing Pistol Pete's fresh cut spicy fries (a little cheese over the top never hurts, though it depends on my mood; sometimes I find it to be overkill). The entree is always a bit of a problem for me: do I order a burger or a Texas Tommy (a dog wrapped in bacon and smothered with cheddar cheese)? Finally, I always order a milkshake at Nifty Fifty's. They're enormous, and the options are endless, though I consistently find myself ordering peanut butter Oreo -- the chunks of Oreo always end up surprising me. 
Amazingly, this award-winning family restaurant has opened a number of locations over the past few years, and you can now find the same incredible concoctions in Clementon, NJ, Delaware Co., PA, and Bensalem, PA.We have always enjoyed Nifty's burgers and shakes.  Today's we stopped in for a quick breakfast and we not disappointed.  Always great for quick meal.You guys need more servers which would make your service alot better and quicker. Took 30 mins to get water after we asked. ShameCame here late on a Saturday night (an hour before closing) after a concert at the Wells Fargo center.  It wasn't very busy when we got here, there seemed to be plenty of servers around, but once seated we waited quite awhile before a server came over. Initially I was going to get a sandwich and not just a milkshake but it took so long for us to be waited on I didn't really want to sit longer and wait for a sandwich. Kind of a bummer....hopefully it's just a fluke or an off night for them. 
Edit: originally a 3 star but now lower...our milkshakes just arrived with no cold glass to pour it and our waiter is less than interested in anything we need. Not good!!! Thank god the milkshakes are the best and that's the only reason I didn't give it a 1 starI've only been here for their milkshakes and always go out of my way for my favorite strawberry shortcake milkshake! Writing it out, makes me want one right now. 
Don't mind the crowd, the workers handle the rowdy ones pretty well.Haven't had really anything here except for the milkshakes which are out of this world. Cool vibe, good service and i love how it is pretty close to where i liveHow can you hate on Nifty Fifty's?
Seriously though, I've been to Nifty Fifty's since I was a little girl and this place never fails to satisfy my taste buds. Even my incredibly picky mother approves of Nifty's especially their prices, food, and service. I have to say if I had to pick one outstanding quality, it is the service. Very friendly and helpful! Only downside is that they only take cash. 
Get loaded fries and don't leave without trying a milkshake. Its so cheap too! If you go on weekends, ask for DAVE and for his drink!Awesome place, amazing food, friendly staff, reasonable prices... can't ask for a better dining experience!
Special shoutout to the cook who was especially nice to me and my girlfriend, I believe his name was Steve but I might be mistaken.. he was the tall black guy, he is honestly the reason I felt so happy that I needed to go and write a positive review 
Thank you :)Trust me, based off of some experiences I would love to give 5 stars. But after coming here easily 10+ times in the past few years it has its pros and cons. 
True highlights are the smothered fries and milkshakes. Burgers are small and thinner than a pencil, super greasy, flavorless patties that personally I don't waste time with. Prices are good for what you're getting! I always leave full. 
Service is hit or miss. Don't expect anyone attentive or caring. Be sure to ask for refills and the check, they aren't brought unless asked for. Environment is overall fun and busy!This place is a philly staple. The food is always consistently good. I've definitely seen cleaner restaurants, but we still go for the food. Service is generally fast, and mostly friendly. There's always lots of families in there so if you don't like the sound of children this isn't the place for you. If you go, get a burger and one of their many custom flavored sodas.The shakes are amazing and majority of the staff is nice but there is a manager I think her name is flowers who is very rude and unprofessional she was very disrespectful to the staff and not very accommodating with us as customers, we needed a booth to be more comfortable with our child and she gave us an attitude. We didn't leave because we were tired of driving around but that's not how you treat paying customers. The place is a little small for the traffic it has, But Overall if you avoid the rude manager it's not so bad."I want to live here." - Mike, a former NF regular in his youth. NIFTY FIFTY'S IS GREAT. 
Stopped in around midnight on our way home from a block party in the greater Northeast for my first FOURTHMEAL in like three years. I used to do a lot of eating after midnight, but once I became a real human with a real job it all kind of came to an end. Settled into a booth, among a couple of scattered groups our fellow young people, and one older couple with mullets that looked like they had been posted up for a few hours. The menu here is excellent. So many sodas! So many milkshakes! A big non-alcoholic beverage fan, I was close to getting a cherry vanilla soda, but was convinced by my partner in life to get a milkshake. I went for a marshmallow milkshake and it was basically the most delicious item of food or drink I've had in a long time. And, for reasons I cannot explain with human words or sounds, I went with an order of onion rings with cheese, with a side of ranch. Fat people food. Going to be farting the next day food. Damn the torpedoes. They were really delicious, but I couldn't finish all of them nor could I finish my milkshake. I like the vibe here. Like this is probably a shitty place to work, but everyone there is mad unofficial looking and young so it doesn't seem so bad and no one is in a bad mood, even though they're at work at midnight on a Saturday. I want to go back.Ok. I'm from Cali. We have in-n-out burgers out West  (anyone eaten there? They're awesome). However, I was staying nearby for work and after reading all the reviews, I thought I would give it a try.  Wow!! I was blown away.  Very juicy and tasty burgers and fries.  If you want a solid burger in Philly, go to Nifty Fifty's! And the prices for sit down service is totally reasonable.  Friendly service, good food...You wont be disappointed.I love this place.  The burgers are delicious, the fries are awesome, and I've heard the flavored sodas are super sweet.  Whenever I'm jonesing for a good burger and fries I come here and hope there is no line.The milkshakes here are heavenly. The sodas are excellent. The burgers are really good and the fries are cooked to perfection. My favorite spot to go on Sundays.must come to nifty fifty and to get milkshakes and fries. Hand cut fries are great. I gave it 4 stars because it is so far away to come all the way up here and eatIf you can tolerate the chaos and loud noise on a busy lunch, I recommend eating in versus takeout. I had a good bacon cheeseburger and a DELICIOUS oreo milkshake. Too bad I can't go here all the time, it would destroy my health.Came here again after a yearning (Yelping?) for a milkshake.  The line to get in was out the door and everyone seemed to be having a good time.
Thankfully, I was allowed to "jump" the line with permission from the manager since I just wanted take-out for two shakes.
Counter service was friendly, but it took forever to get my chocolate salted caramel and a Oreo shake. After getting them, my daughter and I got out of Dodge and drove home.  
My kid said a couple of times that her shake tasted weird.  I chalked that up to her not feeling 100% but after I tried it myself, it definitely was bad.  It tasted metallic, chemical-like, and sour.  Something was absolutely wrong with that shake.  I ended up giving her half of mine which was ok.  I did not want the hassle of driving back for a replacement or refund but what a PITA.
I've been burned here now more than once, so I think it's now off the list.  I'll have to get my shakes (which I rarely get) somewhere else.  
Recommendations?Service is wack to many teens working there dunno wtf there doing found hair in my milkshake gross as hell I miss the old street road location but when u want nifty 50s this is the only one around nowThis is a really fun place to grab a bite to eat.  As the name indicates, it is fifty's themed diner serving the expected American dishes.  Although it has perhaps the very best milkshakes ever.  I especially recommend the peanut butter oreo shake.  A group of us went for lunch and were lucky enough to have both Linda and Laurence take care of us.  They talked us through the options and made great recommendations.  I will definitely be back soon!Food and milkshakes are great.
Love getting the Peanut Butter Oreo and Butterscotch Krimpet milkshakes. Also love getting the Honey BBQ chicken fingers and the Golden Fried Chicken Cutlet.
Very long wait, but you have the option of calling ahead to order take out or ordering at the counter when you get there. Very cramped waiting area.
Service is a hit or miss. Once waitress in particular had messed up or orders about 3 separate times, but we were pretty sure she was new to working there.
It's all worth the wait, food is delicious.This place is great for fast food at good prices. I wish they had coupons or deals but their prices are worth it anyway!Breakfast......
You can't go wrong with the basic 2 egg platter.
Great value for 2.25 cents
The food here is a great value. Service is fair to good depending on the time of day.
Make sure you ask for Jenn as your server.
Enjoy...Milkshakes, man! If you're going to Nitty's you gotta get a milkshake, whether exotic or classic they always do them right. But that's not all! They also have pretty decent food. The cheese fries are a must, dripping with whiz and begging to clog your arteries, these are just irresistible. If you don't like those, go for the onion rings. Another favorite of mine is the spicy chicken nuggets. Clearly actual chicken and not just fast food style fried mush, and they definitely have a kick. Will make you glad you have a milkshake right there! Their cheeseburgers are also very tasty, same with the chicken sandwiches. I can't personally vouch for the cheesesteaks, but I have friends who have gotten them and disapproved. Even so, there's plenty good here for cheap and although it can be crowded and noisy at times, it's really just a fun atmosphere. Don't forget to hit up those quarter machines for some temporary tattoos or bouncy balls on your way out!This was my first trip to Philly and I was wanting to try the local spots.. This location was suggested for their shakes and food. 
We waited 90 minutes for shakes and food.
 The bananas foster tasted like green bananas were used for flavor and nothing else. The remaining 5 shakes were "ok".
The food was cold. The nuggets were dry and one person in our party ordered a chicken Philly and got a steak. When asked about it the server gave us the same reasoning for the slow service.. The expediter was new.  We sent the fries back and the replacements were good.Got here around 7:20 on a Saturday night, stood in line for over a half hour for 2 milkshakes and once we finally made it to the counter to order we weren't even acknowledged until after standing there for at least another 5 minutes and I complaining. When I finally received my shake it looked a little pale to be fudge Brownie but the lady assured me that it was but when I got to the car and put my straw in I quickly found out it was banana... not pleased with my visit at allBecause it's a NE staple. Cheap prices. Lots of varieties of milkshakes and flavored sodas. I hear the burgers are good and the chicken nuggets are real chicken chunks but I wouldn't know. Obviously not a lot of vegetarian option and absolutely no vegan options excepts for fries which are yummy and available in a variety of flavors. It's just a fun place to take the kids. They love coloring their own hats. We all love the lights and the music. They get salads and  onion rings and fries and I have let them split a milkshake with their Daddy which they think is really fun. They are in junk food heaven. It's fun, easy and inexpensive. Simple. Low stars for the non veg options but hey, I'm probably the minority in a place like this.A fun place with good food! Real fresh squeezed OJ.  Service is also excellent!ever hear the term " greasy spoon " ? well this place is it, the burgers are so greasy it's almost impossible to eat, the fries are just as gross, the location is beautiful with all the neon but looks doesn't mean good, I would go somewhere else instead of eating hereThis was our 1st time here today and it was really really good! Me and my boyfriend got 2 Bacon Cheeseburgers( 1 double and 1 triple-turns out they pile up the patties!) , 1 Large Fries (HUGE! ATE HALF OF IT!), a soda and 2 milkshakes(1 Banana and 1 Snickers, both gigantic btw!). We were stuffed at the end! Everything was delicious and the prices are reasonable! The music is a tad loud and the place is kinda small but that's ok. Also our waitress kinda disappeared for like 10 minutes but other than that we were really satisfied! We will be back definitely!Not worth the wait
So I got there last Friday night around 6.50 thinking it will be busy but it will move fast. WRONG! I ordered a Leo burger, onion rings and a vanilla shake to go - how hard could that be? Apparently, very hard. 45 minutes later, after hassling them for 20 minutes, I got my order. They were disorganized and overwhelmed. After I was there for 25 minutes, a manager eyeballed the crowd and informed them that there were 2 lines, 1 sit down and 1 take out. Really? How about a sign! Many people who came after me were served before me, and I had the impression that large orders were the priority before small orders. Last but not least, the food was bad. The hamburger was mediocre and not hot, the onion rings were huge but not flavorful, and the milk shake, their pride and joy, was vastly inferior to Shake Shack. It was not so nifty. Never coming back.I kind of love Nifty's.
Cheesy, tacky decorations, teenage but not grumpy staff, and delicious milkshakes and fried foods.
Definitely a guilty pleasure restaurant, the opposite of diet friendly , get a New York Egg Cream or Milkshake  and Cheese Fries.Waited 40 min for food!! Then food was cold! Ask to speak with manger she was very nasty! An mean about it. I usually love this place.... But tonight made me not like it! SmhThis place use to be good but as the clientele gets worse (left overs from walmart) so does the service.  If u want food that's bad for you and don't mind slow service then you will love it.Grosssssss!!!! Everything on the menu has gone wayyyyy down the drain. Their fries have been ROTTEN & undercooked each time we've ordered them. The shakes were the only thing we continued to order & the last 2 times they served us warm, watery shakes. Makes me sad to think that what used to be the best burger & shake place in NE Philly is now the most complacent & careless set-up ever. Blechh..Awesome food and Milkshakes!  Fun environment - but what happened to the beef bbq sandwich?Great food and very friendly staff. The spicy fries were excellent with lots of flavor.I came to Philadelphia for a video game tournament and one of the guys suggested Nifty Fifty's for Sunday lunch. He swore they had the best malts he'd ever tasted. We were all very very very happy with our choice for a meal. The wait was rather long, which I took as a great sign. I got a single cheeseburger with [free] toppings, lettuce, tomato, mayo, raw onions, and a Philly cheesesteak with provolone and a side of fries. (Godlike.) Also, the cherry lemon-lime soda is the best I've ever tasted and I wish we had food like this in Boston. The prices were also really great and reasonable. The cheese fries came with three types of cheese, and everyone else enjoyed their meals thoroughly. I liked the open kitchen and seeing the huge giant cans of "Cheez Whiz" stacked about made me laugh a bit. 
Oh, Philly. I'll see you again December 2012 and February 2013, and will definitely try to make time for your fantastic Nifty Fifty's and all of their cheese toppings. 
Note: Really great hangover food.Service I received this last visit wasn't as good as the times before. My husband and I arrived and stood awkwardly waiting for a table a good 7 minutes before we were acknowledged by anyone. No one was in front of us. 
Our waitress brought our food out and didn't even bother to check whether or not we had silverware. We had to wait until after she took another table's order to get our utensils so that we could eat which was annoying to say the least.
She never came to check on how we were doing. My husband had to flag her down just to get the check. Maybe she was new...idk.I think the burgers here are delicious and the onion rings are huge. The employees here have always been nice when I've went and I've never had any trouble with my meal. The service is always pretty fast and I'm usually out within 30-35 minutes. I haven't tried any desserts here yet, but my fiance has tried out the milkshakes and says they are very good. The atmosphere is nice and definitely looks like a 50's burger joint. They have a juke box that plays oldies as well, which doesn't bother me at all since I enjoy listening to all the oldies. I love having me a burger every once and a while, so when I'm in the mood for one I head over to Nifty Fifty's.NEON LIGHTS EVERYWHERE! Wham-o! Blam-o! I love the ambiance! It's like stepping back in the 50s with almost 50s prices (it is very inexpensive). They serve decent food here --- not the best --- but it's good. The chili burgers, cheesesteaks, and texas tommy will hit the spot (greasy---finger licking---heart clogging---um). However, whatever you do, DO NOT FORGET to order the shakes (this is why I gave it a 3 rather than a 2 star); there are so many varieties (plain black n white)! Just go for whatever catches your eyes and don't forget to run that extra mile tomorrow.This place is absolutely incredible. If I had to say something negative about it, it'd probably be that there might be too many flavors of milkshakes and sodas to try. I think I see it more as a challenge than an issue, though. Best bacon cheeseburger I have ever had. Also, could not help making weird noises while eating the cheddar bacon ranch fries. They are godly. Four stars because while I wouldn't call the service 'bad', I also wouldn't call it 'friendly' or 'fast'.This place has the absolute best burgers and milkshakes. The soda fountain is hit or miss. Always a pleasant experienceWow, just wow. A fantastic bacon cheeseburger, coney dog, cheese fries and banana fudge milkshake!  Time for a nap!Who doesn't love Nifty Fiftys?
First off, you have to know that this is a Diner. So if you're not into diner food, don't bother. The atmosphere is retro and casual. The service is great and the huge variety of shakes and sodas is what they're known for.
It's a great place for a simple burger and fries. Why do people waste money on McDonalds when places like this do it so much better? The breakfast is also deliciously comforting. The last time I was here I tried the buffalo chicken cheese fries because they sounded awesome. They tasted even better than I hoped! Full of flavor, super filling, and so cheap.Burgers are good. I'm a fan of their breakfast though. It's nothing amazing or anything like that but I know I'm going to get a hearty meal every time and it will be delivered quick and will taste the way it's supposed to.  The only thing I dread about going there is their beverages. Their award winning orange juice is no good to me, and their "nifty" cola is a cheap soda. Yeah they have hundreds of flavors I suggest you add one to kill the bad cheap taste from it.  It's not enough to keep me away from a good meal.Great: The waiter (Derrick, i think it was) 
Their lemonade (fresh squeezed) 
Good: Their Burgers and Milkshakes 
Okay: Their Caesar Salad and Fries (you must ask for FF well done) 
Horrible: The Manager who kicks people out of tables because a line is at the door. He had the bus boy drop the check off without the waiters knowledge and then waited for us by staring at the table,-unacceptable.Amazing milkshakes and sodas! The cheeseburgers are good and the atmosphere is a ton of fun! Very busy and the line was very long.Food was fabulous, loved it will eat here again when in town. Mushroom burger & buffalo chicken fries mmmmm....I love their breakfast and love the prices even more! Their breakfast is much cheaper than most of the diners in the area and you don't have to wait in line!The food is so good reminds me of carnival food which is great,, I so love the cheese fries and cheese onion rings! The cheese it's self taste so good,, the bad part everytime I go the line is out the door I never got seated b4 I always end up ordering to go :(I HATE NIFTY FIFTY'S!!! everything is bad about that place except the ice cream milkshake, whipped cream and the mini golf!! but i warn u sometimes there'll be a lot of back ups.. in the restaurant and on the mini golf course.. one time very recently me and my dad were gonna go play golf at niftys but as we were tryin to find a parking spot we saw a group of about 20 people all walk in at once!! we called it off and went homeNifty Fifties hands down has the BEST cheese fries ever.  You have to try them to understand, they are literally addictive.  I really like all of the food on the menu and I've tried everything. The strawberry-banana shakes are incredible.  This place is worth the annoying wait in line!The food is good and the atmosphere is nice. The only unsettling part is that when sitting by the window you can always see dead flies on the window sills.My family of four went for lunch.  It was my four year olds first time.  He liked it right away cause he saw toy machines and received a hat with crayons.  Our food was good, served hot and seemed pretty fresh.  Our server Jaime was very nice and attentive to us which is a rare find.  I would give five stars except for the fact that it does not smell clean when you walk in and the floors are kind of gross.  Also the kids meal should have came with a prize like the menu stated but didn't.We are staying at Five Points and found this close by location via yelp. In short the breakfast was fantastic, we loved everything about it. We had the Bacon Omellete and French toasts, both were excellent and the portion sizes were just right! Our server was nice, she was patient and checked in on us. I am taking off a point for the dirty syrup bottle, otherwise its a perfect 5. Highly recommend Nifty Fifty's without any hesitation.I have to be straight up, an in this, I mean no disrespect at all... But, tonight was a baaad experience, that wasn't too nifty.
Ok ok, I'll get into it, like James Brown said... Well, this was actually my second visit to this location, the first was Flawless (in my best mortal kombat voice...lol) The first time I bought a cheese steak, with, of course, CHEEZ WIZ, it's uh Philly thing, ya gotta know  and I looked at the menu and saw Filet Mignon an was like ...hmmm, so I ordered that, too, yea, in addition lol. Got home, ate my cheese steak an was full, so I refrigerated the filet mignon, aiiite, no problem. That was last Friday. I actually kinda forgot all about the sandwich in the fridge, but, no problem, I'm back in that part of the city tonight an bam!! There's my fave waitress who previously made a suggestion that I try my filet mignon medium well, instead of my preferred Well Done, no blood, no red meat, brown meat.. Yea, so I told her the other sandwich was still I the fridge an I bought another filet mignon tonight and went with her suggestion. Here's a disclaimer in her defense and Nifty Fifty's as well, because this,I know, was totally isolated, as I love the experience and the food there, so, please, anyone reading this, don't let this by any means discourage you from choosing this location at all, they're great, and the food as well, but, I'm real about my mistake, and it was a mistake for me to try medium rare, because I took several bites an wasn't feeling it, but, being a soldierxi tried to git my munch on , but couldn't continue. I looked at the pink meat, which, to me, looked raw. Now, here's the disclaimer in their defense, she asked me if I wanted to take a bite while I was there, and if I didn't like it, they would make me a new sandwich, my style, well done, but, because I was short on time, I opted to roll with it, so there, I still have maad luv for my Nifty Fifty Folks. But! The saga continues... Ok ok, so, I had ordered simmering different to drink, a Mango lemonade. Truthfully, I don't know if it is me, or someone used a wrong proportion of syrup, or sugar to the mixture, but, at the first slurp (yea, a slurp.. You know, you're drinking thru a straw, that's a slurp, not a sip lol, I mean, I dig etiquette an all that, but, it is what it is ) So, with that first slurp, I was like  I knew what it must feel like for someone to taste sugar for the first time in their life, and especially a large dose 
I felt like ...wth!!  I mean, like, it was pure syrup and sugar. It was not palatable, not for me, and I dig sweet drinks, so, don't git me wrong, but, this was an overdose, but, again, things happen, and will I visit again? Heck yea!! .. Next time I'll stick with the shakes, oh man! They got some crazy fantastic flavors and they're great!
Plus, I have to try the Crab meat Fries...i might get them tomorrow. So, with that said, have a laugh with me about a mishap tonight, sometimes you have to laugh, you know what I mean. Tomorrow's going to be a nifty day, an with that said, I bid you good day, good nigh, good morning, good afternoon.Good burgers, great milkshakes(try the banana w/ fresh bananas). Can get crowded quick, so get there early for breakfast( decent, quailty really depends on who's cooking) & before 5:30 for dinner. If you want something a little on the healthy side, they do put together a tasty selection of salads. The only peeve I have on this place is that I went there for the BBQ beef samich, & they took it off the regular menu & now it's an occasional menu item. PUT THE BBQ BEEF SAMICH BACK ON THE REGULAR MENU!!!So disappointed when I found out the veggie burger has cheese in it...and its not listed on the ingredients.  I could have gotten sick if I didnt know to look.  So sad...I guess I can not eat here anymoreDecided to grab a couple milk shakes for my wife & I on my way back from Bodek & Rhodes. A Cherry Cheesecake and a S'Mores. Got them thinking I was going to surprise my wife with a nice early snack right before lunch. By 2pm my wife was on the throne of grace and by 5:15 I did the same. No more Nifty Fifty's for this Team! Shakes didn't taste like the flavors too much either...I was here tonight with my family and again I'm very annoyed and upset..... I spent over  $6 for a milkshake and they didn't even fill it up. It was just a little over half way full. My large Cheese fries were dry, barely had any wiz on them I had to ask for more cheese and was charged for it like it was my fault. I definitely won't be  owing back here for a long time. I don't know what happened to nifty fiftys but they definitely lost their touch they're not like they use to be. I'm very disappointed in them. I shouldn't have to pay for something that's not full or cheesy especially since my bill was $97. I'm very upset in this place thanks for ruining my nightHUGE selection of Milk Shakes and flavored soda make it kid friendly!!! i recommend!!!This place has the feel of a greasy spoon diner. I am from NJ, this is no greasy spoon diner. The nostalgia is manufactured. It just feels dingy and dated. We only had dessert so I can only speak to that but I would say our groups sundaes were unmemorable at best. For a place that pushes shakes the ice cream choices were minimal. One bright spot was the 50 choice soda fountain. I am a soda guy so I loved all the odd choices. I would go back for a soda to go, but I am not going to be sitting down there to eat at my own accord again.Now let's say for a fact I mostly review people on their french fries. You might as well call me the french fry critic. Well anyways their fries are on my top 5 that is for sure. The only reason I don't award them a full 5 is because number 1: Their barbecue sauce could do some spicing up. Also they have no real seasoning. Tastes good and his cooked good but plain. Not much to say about the waiter service, average but never messed up either. Considering I have only been there twice and the last time was about a year ago I can't say much on recent activity. Also must say it seems better at night.Huge, mouth watering, delicious burgers, and tons of fun soda flavors. The soda can be hit or miss though, but there's certainly variety for you, and you can have as many refills as you want. I LOVE their regular cola. It tastes just like those cola gummy candies. The fries are ok, but nothing especially good (in my opinion, but my sister is a fan). Their ketchup tastes homemade and is a bit more vinegary than generic ketchup, which I like. 
Outrageous wait times and crowding are the only thing preventing Nifty Fifty's from being 5 stars. The building is small, so everyone is crammed together when they wait. And boy is there always a line. It took us about an hour to just get seated! When we did takeout and ordered over the phone, it still took 15 minutes to get the attention of someone at the front desk. Staring at our finished food just sitting there out of reach was agony. I wish they did delivery because I really do like the food, but for now you know you're in for some suffering first no matter how you order.Food here is excellent i havent been here in awhile its too bad the service is horrible and the waitress is ignorant as hell. Poor customer service would not reccomend if your looking for good service but if you can ignore that then i would recommend the food here.Try the $1.99 breakfast they have. You won't be disappointed. 2 eggs, hashbrowns, toast and coffee.The food here is very tasty.  I've never had a bad order but I have had bad service.  Unfortunately the service is hit or miss.  Bad in terms of unfriendly wait staff and slow turnaround time on drinks and food. The best way to guarantee you get good service is to avoid late night eating or eating during peak times. 
My go tos are the nuggets, loaded fries and of course the milkshakes.  My favorite milkshake by a long shot is the Oreo cheesecake-it's out of this world  delish!Ok, I decided to come since I haven't been in years, but drive by this place every week. I ordered the BACON BLEU BURGER SALAD for take out. Comes with Lettuce, burger, bacon, tomatoes, shredded cheese and bleu cheese. 1st off they couldn't even put the shit together, 2nd BURNT bacon, 3rd missing ingredients!!! Really!!! And I paid $10 for this, really?! 2 stars for the shake. Definitely NOT returning again this was some serious bull. When you order a salad from anywhere it's already put together.
UPDATE:
It's great to know that this company cares about the service provided to their customers.  Great customer service. Thank you....The Street Road locaiton in Bensalem is def better overall, plus they have an arcade area for kids.
A great place to go to for good burgers/sandwiches/fires/shakes. 
This is a great family restaurant. They have cool things for kids like hats to draw on, soda with lots of fun flavors like watermelon or chocolate.Great food and milkshakes! The staff is always upbeat and friendly. Best breakfast around too! Prices are reasonable as well.
My only gripe is the waiting area can get pretty cramped. The take out counter is right there so there are usually a ton of people either waiting to be seated or waiting for their take out orders. Other than  that, Nifties is one of my favorite places to go!Amazing shakes and it's always crowded l. If you are on a diet .... don't even step foot in here!I really enjoy eating at Nifty Fifites.  It's a great burger/fast food place!  The fries are awesome, milkshakes/malts are delicious, and food is reasonably priced.  When I go there, I alternate between ordering a Mushroom Swiss Burger, Texas Tommy, BBQ beef sandwich, and Chicken Nuggets.  The burgers are small (compared to most restaurants); think back yard BBQ size, so order a double if you're hungry.  My dad used to order two hamburgers.  There is fifties music playing in the background, and kids get their own soda jerk hat to personalize!
Downsides to this place:  Its rather disorganized up front when waiting for seating.  The front is small, has video games, a take out counter, and the line for seating.  I always feel like I am in the way.    
But check it out anyway... it's fun and kids love it!I tried the Texas Ringer, their supposedly #1 Best Seller on the menu, and thought it to be pretty good, and close to the likes of Shake Shack and Five Guys, but definitely not better. The burger bun was average (a little soft, not much butter), good bacon, excellently done patty (it was succulent on the inside and very rich in taste) and bacon strips. The only thing I thought was different from this burger than others is the sauce -- the sauce had a bit of a kick the same way wasabi does, so you'll love it if you love wasabi. My friend had a gift card for us, and our bill totaled up to $25 for 2 milkshakes, 2 burgers and 1 cheese fries; not bad for how full we were after that. 
But I will say that their milkshakes selection was awesome! They had just about everything you could ask for -- Eggnog, Pumpkin, Oreo Cheesecake, Irish Potato, you name it, they probably have it. I ordered the Pumpkin milkshake and was very pleased. It was super creamy and rich in pumpkin flavor. Milkshakes have the tendency to coagulate after a little bit, or be watered down, but none of that happened with the milkshakes at Nifty's. Best milkshake I've ever had. 
In terms of service, our server was attentive, and we even had other servers come in to check on us. There was quite a line when we first arrived, but it moved fairly quickly. Nifty's Fifty's is a little out of the way, and I don't see myself coming back, but I'd recommend their milkshakes for anyone who's looking for a quick bite and a filling meal.Place has been here for years.  Let me start by saying everything is fresh and they are one of the few places that uses real wiz ,  Fries are cut right there from potatoes.  Hands down the best chicken fingers ever, just order some.  great burgers if you like a small, fresh burger.  Great onion rings.  the only item i did not care for was their chili. (Timmy D's has the best in the city)   Great egg creams, milk shakes and flavored soda.In short: Food=good. Service=terrible. We've been going to Nifty Fifties for years, and have watched the service here gradually get worse and worse. After this last visit, it will be a while before I go back. We were in before the dinner crowd, and the place was maybe 3/4 full. It took a REALLY long time to get our simple order of two cheeseburgers and fries. Like, 25 minutes or so. Our waitress was MIA most of the time, as she was hanging out by the counter and gossiping with the other waitstaff almost the entire time. Twice I had to ask the busboy to ask her for a drink refill. When we ordered a milkshake at the end of our dinner, it took another 15 minutes to make. Seriously?
The burgers are still good, and the milkshakes the best in the area. Despite that, I'm not sure I'm willing to put up with the routinely bad service. With good Five Guys burgers literally right across the street, Nifty Fifties needs to step up their game a bit more. If Five Guys had good milkshakes, I'd probably never be back to Fifties again.
At least Nifty Fifties finally takes credit cards, ever since being busted by the Feds for tax evasion based on their previous all-cash business.This used to be a great place to go but now... not so much. The milk shakes are awesome but that's where it ends. The food is bland, greasy and tasteless and therefore mediocre at best. EVERY single time I have eaten here my food has come out with hair in it! Disgusting!!!! Have you people ever heard of hair nets?!?! The only reason I'm being generous and giving this place 2 stars is because the milkshakes are so good. If your looking for a good milkshake then this is the place to go. If your looking for good food then skip it. There are far better places to eat around the neighborhood.I went here for breakfast and my expectations going in were low.  However, I was pleasantly surprised! The staff was extremely nice and courteous.  Our waitress was very nice as well.  You can tell there are a lot of "regulars" that come in, and I can see why because of how nice it was.  The food was excellent, pretty cheap too.  Coffee was great! I will definitely be back again!Overall, I had a very good experience here. The service was quick and attentive. We were seated quickly, and ordered our meal, and it came out pretty quickly. They played music from the late 50s early 60s which I am a huge fan of. Some of the songs I heard when I was there I hadn't heard in years. Very much appreciated.
I ordered a banana fudge milkshake. It was awesome. Lots of chunks of banana and just the right amount of fudge. Seriously one of the best milkshakes I have ever had. Sweet, cold, creamy - terrific!
I ordered a burger also, which was disappointing. It was SUPER greasy and just not all that tasty. It seemed like the patties were fried a little too long and the edges of the burger were crunchy. So if you like your burgers that way, you'll be happy. If not, well then you won't. The wife ordered a cheesesteak which was a lot better than expected. Also got a flavored soda. There are a ton of specialty sodas you can order and they come with free refills which is nice.
Would definitely be back for the milkshake, as far as the food, definitely trying something else next time. Also, make sure you have a strong stomach because the richness of the food will sure cause discomfort for the weak-stomachs out there.
Also, doesn't accept AMEX.Today I was in the mood for a thick caramel cheesecake milkshake. So I headed to the place that makes them the best. I was the only customer at the take out section and assumed this would be easy. I spoke clear and adequate when the milkshake was ordered. So I thought it couldn't possibly be any errors. I waited for approximately 8-10 minutes for what I thought would be the perfect milkshake. Once the cup was in my hand I became extremely excited thinking this in the moment I have been wanting for. The first milkshake of the summer! I entered my car about to blast some cool tunes while I enjoyed my milkshake. All my hopes went down the drain once I sipped the cup. It wasn't the caramel cheesecake milkshake I ordered. It was just a CARAMEL MILKSHAKEAs a semi-strict gluten-free vegan I sometimes end up here (ok once in a great long while) due to three things: 
1) Proximity to a friend's place
2) the munchies
3) the spicy fries
I think the fries might be the only thing on the menu that has no animal products (that I know of). The fries are fresh and hand-cut (you can watch em do it there!) and the spiciness, when evenly distributed, rather than just dumped on top (I've experienced both) is superb, and goes excellent with beer (get take-out and avoid the lines! You can call in your order). Oh yeah the spicy onion rings are good too and also veggie, but a bit oily. 
In general, nifty fifties is the most nifty late at night when you get your scooby snax cravings. Just try to ignore the dunkin donuts across the street.Best Milkshakes, Amazing Fries, and Yummy Burgers For Such an Affordable Price.
Nifty Fifty's is great place to take your kids, and a group of you friends out. Its affordable, waiting for food is just the right amount of time for a burger and fries place. It's small, long waits, a bit crowded and constantly busy, but still a great place to eat out for fries, burger and milkshakes. 
It's amazing how they are able to make a tiny burger taste yummy. It has all of the original vegetables inside of a normal burger, tomato, pickles, etc. but are able to find a way to make it taste good and filling. 
The milkshake is something that should be recognized, and be given a good rating for. I would have to say, it probably is the best milkshake I have ever had. They do give a lot of milkshake, and I'm thinking that heir goal is to give you a heart attack before the age of 35, but its okay! Because its yummy ...
Personal Note: Nifty Fifty, isn't my style of food, and I'm not such a big fan of burgers and fries. However, Nifty Fifty's does deserve a 4 to 5 star for its afforable prices, and good food. I may not like burgers and fries, but I can tell you, this place would probably be one of my favorites if I did love it. Besides enjoying the food, I am able to brings kids or friends to hang out.For me, Nifty Fifty's is synonmous for Out-Of-This-World milkshakes.  They have a plethora of flavor options, and even if they don't have it on the menu, they'll make it up for you.  Last time, I told the waiter I was thinking of a strawberry cheesecake milkshake.  (Yes!  They have such a thing!)  He highly recommended the apple pie milkshake.  It's not on the list.  "Don't worry," he says.  "Order the apple pie milkshake."
This shake had real apple chunks and pie crust with cinnamon and spices.  Holy Thanksgiving dinner!  Granted, the milkshake did not carry one of the beauties of apple pie ala mode of the disparity of hot pie with the cold ice cream.  This milkshake still brought me to the yard.
I also love the table-top juke boxes and the rockin' music selection.
Hmm... I want a milkshake now.if youre a burger fries milkshake and onion ring addict this place is great. the burgers have such a great lean homeade taste and the onion rings are the best! the milkshake is also incredible,because im boring i only get the chocoalte but they have an entire menu for the sodas and milkshakes alone. the price is a little more then fast food but its understandable , the only downfall is the wait time and big crowds, since its always noisy and congested and slightly chaotic lol. i woudlnt go here on a date or something but its a very family friendly place.Sometimes I like this place. But other times, I wonder why I even bother. I can't think of another place more polarizing than this one. I've been to this place dozens of times over the years. I just never know which Nifty Fifty's I am walking into. The better food experiences definitely come when it's less crowded. As the place begins to fill up, the quality of the meal definitely goes down hill. Unfortunately, the last few times I've been in, the place has seemed less than clean. 
If you can get into this place before the evening rush, then it should be worth the trip. but if the lines is starting to back up, it's probably better to skip it all together. The inconsistency is what is going to kill this place for me.Saw the establishment on the road and it caught my eye! The place is a very fifty's place. As soon as came in we were greeted and seated but I doubt that doesn't happen much since we came a little before 12 PM. The waitress was very nice and efficient. I had the pizza Philly omelet and it was ok but very delicious! Coffee ain't Starbucks BUT the fresh brew of it made it delicious. I rated 4 stars because we got placed in a booth that smelled and had two gnats, which luckily they didn't try to get to our food. Overall, I would go back.Let me begin by saying the food by itself is 5 stars, and the milkshakes would break the rating system because they are so good. Now that I have mentioned this I can say why I had to give this 5 stars. The service here is hit or miss. I don't mean a slight variation, I mean it could be amazing service or some of the worst service ever. Luckily it generally leans toward the positive end of the spectrum and the service is good, but I have encountered some memorably bad waiters here. The line moves pretty quick so a long line isn't discouraging, but when it is crowded there are kids running around everywhere. This can be avoided by going at off time or during breakfast when it is a more relaxed feel in there. Overall though, the positives far outweigh any negatives and the food is consistently good.Absolutely, hands down the BEST milkshakes in the area! I have been coming here since I was a kid and it is still the same. The only problem is that they are always crowded and you always have to wait. That's okay because it is totally worth the wait and the servers are always very friendly and as attentive as possible even though it's really busy! A great place to take kids or go on a fun date.I went in on a busy Friday night for a take out order and they got me in and out real quickly. the server who took my order was very friendly and the manager was friendly and helpful as well. I ordered the turkey burger and cheese fries (cheese on the side). The turkey burger was ok, tasted weird but it's probably just me. Didn't like the cheese which is why I got it on the side but that's just my opinion because this was my first time and didn't know it was cheez wiz. However the fries were realllllllly good and seasoned! I'd definitely try them again just something different. The inside is really cute tooI come here all the time and I love their food. I don't if it was because they were extremely busy but the counter girls attitudes were HORRIBLE! Ma Sheena in particular was not accommodating at all. If a person orders cheese fries they want cheese fries. I nicely expressed that I'm paying for cheese and I've gotten very little. She goes on to say this is the amount that we are supposed to give. I say that I order quite frequently is this is the first time the ever looked like this. You says "if you want more cheese you have to pay for it." On a regular day I would have asked for my money back and went elsewhere but I was starving. I asked the other counter girl she was working with if I paid for a milk shake because when she handed me my food she proceeded to the next customer. She tell me wait I'll get to it. Well say that. Don't just proceed to the next person in line without giving me my complete order. Service was just terrible today. Please fix it...Absolutely love Nifty Fifties! I used to stop in for milkshakes and fries! Their service is great and always friendly. I highly recommend them and will always stop until the day I die!I got a chicken tender platter and it was quite underwhelming. The Reese's milkshake was DELICIOUS. If you are in the mood for a milkshake, by all means come here. Otherwise, you'll just get a mouth full of salt. There's also a Five Guys near by if you're not up for what they have.The food was OK nothing special the service could've been just a little bit better but I'm not going to be totally upset of it. Smelled really good going in. The atmosphere was really laid back and I enjoyed my time there. Quick bite. Enjoyed the fresh squeezed orange juice!Have been going here for some time. Love their milkshakes and recently tried their breakfast which was good and cheap. I have to give 2 stars due to the customer service I received today. We placed an order for pickup with all drinks, mostly milkshakes. I always get a Snickers bananas foster. Once I got home and drank the milkshake I tasted no Snickers and no bananas but I was tasting cookie like pieces. After opening my lid there were actually cookie pieces in my cup.  I called to let them know about the mix-up and I was asked if I was coming back out. It was 840 on a Sunday, raining, and I had to get my toddler in the bed. After telling them I'm was going back out there was a long pause with a okay well I'll let them know. That turned me off! Not the way I thought they would handle it especially when I paid extra for two flavors in my milkshake. This might not bother some people, but I'm big on customer service, I'm also currently pregnant and really wanted the flavors I paid for. Word to the wise: open your lid and check your milkshake out before you leave. They won't do anything for you  to fix their error unless you are going to drive back out the same day you ordered.Would give it a 5 but service drops it down. There will be empty tables that are not cleaned. Employees just walk past them when there is a line to get in. Often there are mistakes in order. But the food is good. If the service was better we would go more often.Such a great family fun place. So many menu options, but breakfast is a fav for me and my husband. Always a nice day when we can make it to nifty fiftys dinerGreat breakfast, awesome lunch. I wish they had a location in Montgomery County where I live.