This place was ah-mazing! We got the all you can eat Bbq and the food just keeps coming. This is a better, more intimate version of hibachi, just on a bbq grill. They also have an all you can eat noodle option that is really cool too! My favorite part was the Asian sauce bar, where there's an array of sauces and spices you can use to spice up your meal. The ice green tea is the best I've ever tasted too. I will be back!Nine ting is awesome!!!!!  I order the hot pot and it was unlimited meats which is great! Server was very nice and very helpful. I can't wait to come back!All you can eat hotpot and BBQ, opened in 2016. Great spot for some debaucherous eating, not for those concerned about their figure. Pro tip: go crazy with the sauce station.Philly was severely lacking any kind of AYCE Korean/Chinese BBQ, so this was definitely a great addition. The food is fine, the interior is fine, and the selection is fine - everything was just fine. Nothing stood out to be particularly, but nothing was terrible (except 1 thing we ordered as I'll explain below).
So, my friend and I got the AYCE BBQ (you can also do Hotpot as well but we did not opt to do so). The food is cooked in front of you by someone who comes by / sticks around for a long time (did we feel kinda weird that our conversations were pretty personal? a bit) - but she was real nice and didn't really seem to care about what we were saying. The food cooks on what i THINK is an infrared system, so there's no real fire. That makes for 1. less smoke (and therefore your clothes dont smell like food TOO much) and 2. a weird, non-charred cook, which I personally like on bbq.
Well, the house steak and short ribs were both great. The short ribs were a bit too fatty for my liking - if there was a real fire maybe this would have rendered a bit more and have been actually somewhat marginally appetizing, but alas it was not. My friend who was a complete noob with chopsticks also had a hard time eating this. The curried chicken breast was not something I would ever recommend. Tasted TOO much like cumin. Like just cumin. mmm. no good.
You can also make your own sauce - I just did equal parts soy sauce, garlic and sesame oil and it was great.
Overall, this place is a great place that you should DEFINITELY try. Just come hungry!Not actually Korean at all. Zero Korean wtiting, appetizers, or ... Food. False advertising.Hubby and I went here on a Friday night. The service was pretty good- our sever steadily tended to our BBQ- and gave really good suggestions for which meats and veggies to order. Hubby wasn't feeling 100%, so I got a half spicy/ half plain hot pot for him- with shrimp, thin sliced beef, and chicken. I got a small bowl of the best rice I have had in a long time. I also got lamb, curry chicken, and chicken wings. All of these meats were bbq'ed. There was wayyyy more food than we could finish, but I managed to polish off a majority of the BBQ. Thank God for a fast metabolism! 
Some quick notes about the food: 
1. I got udon noodles with my hot pot which was a good idea because they never got soggy. 
2. I like that I got a wide spread so that I know what to get next time without wasting food or money. 
3. Try the different sauces and condiments. 
4. Seaweed salad, kimchi, boiled peanuts, and edemame make up the appetizer.First time ever trying Korean barbecue. We had no idea what to expect. My 7 year old and I loved the little appetizers in the beginning, especially the peanuts. We've decided this is not our cup of tea. We prefer to pay someone to cook our food so it will be of the right temperature. We asked the waitstaff for help and we didn't feel very reassured. We loved the sausage, chicken and rib tips. We overcooked the steaks and didn't care for the wings. 
I wouldn't suggest going on an empty stomach. And you better really like to cook. 
The ambiance was great. Very cool tables.Hot pot and friends
Fun times
Beef veggies sausage
Haiku. Wut?! 
Come one. Come all. Come for drinks and food and have a ball. Not a dance ball but a fun time. It's my birthday people it's my time to shineWorse Korean ever (raised in Korean home). First of all there is nothing Korean about this place. For those familiar with a Korean meal there was only 4 Banchan side dishes. Peanuts, seaweed, chewy kimchi and sad looking edamame. Meat selection was good however quite questionable when it arrived. After 15 minutes we finally had to ask for rice. Really?  Admittedly most appeared to be getting hot pot so maybe that's what you should do. If you don't know Korean bbq then you may not be surprised by the fare however that is depressing if this is what you are shown what Korean bbq should be.Love this new place in chinatown with incredible value on their hotpot. WE are not a big fan of their Korean BBQ bc we dont believe it tastes like korean bbq. But we wont hesitate to  go there for the hotpot. service is generally very good, sometimes you wont get all the items you ordered on ur first order so make sure you re-order them. sometimes there is a long wait so be mindful of that. we generally go during off peak hours and lunchThe food looks fine but really tastes unfresh. I felt nauseous right after the hot pot meal.Nice atmosphere and friendly employees. As for the food, I personally like the hotpot better than the bbq. The bbq was not so well marinated and it didn't seem so fresh. It wasn't worth the price. The hotpot, on the other hands, was good. I would recommend the hotpot only. Would definitely come here again for the hotpot.Excellent birthday dinner (where I got to eat for free) in the spacious private space in the back. Prompt service and great food. Love that they are BYOB. Shoutout to my buddies that brought a bottle of Jameson for birthday shots!First, the wait is toooooo long. I went there on Friday night and we were 3 people to order hot pot . They gave us 2 peoples seat for 3 adults, even though the food how good it is, we were not comfy to enjoy it. And the service was terrible, every time we ordered the food, they must skip something, we needed to order again and again . At the end we paid the bill and gave them around 18% tips of the bill but they asked for 20% tips or more, it's absolutely not worth to paid 20% tips for terrible service. If ask for 20% or more for tips to have terrible service I would recommend to go to other restaurant .We have always been their customers since they were open. The hot pot was always good but the bbq was so so. Their wait staff was very nice before that's why we kept going back. But two weeks ago we had the worse experience we ever had when we were there. The service sucked. The dirty dishes kept piled up on the side seat and the empty bottles never got taken away. The sever kept disappear on us. The bbq food was all very tasteless. We had 9 people that day and it made all of us fell disappointed. Don't think we will go back anytime soon.Went here with my family to get some hotpot. Very cool that you get your individual bowls and can cook to the temperature you want. The place is all you can eat, which is much better than some of the other hotpot places. But there is a fee if you waste food. They also have a sauce/condiments bar for you to make your own broth. Service was okay.There is nothing special about this place. The hotpot is no different than what we do ourseleves at home. The bbq meat cannot be compared to Korean bbq at all. The grills were very slow, we waited for a long time for our food to get cooked. Some of us had stomach issues after the dinner. 
They also should not call themselves Korean because they are not the same! 
The staff are friendly however, our waitress always did not bring up the food that we asked for, I understand that we had a big group but this is all you can eat buffet. It was frustrated that we had to ask her multiple times in order for her to bring a small plate of something while we had a big group of 12. 
The atmosphere is def nice but I will never come back.Nine Ting is an all you can eat place that has the orders delivered to your table, and it has a huge selection whether you choose to go with the hot pot route or BBQ route.
The only hot pots I've had before NineTing was at home or at a friend's place, so this was a interesting experience. There is a large selection of sauces that you can mix for dipping, and it even have a sign that offers a recommendation of blend for first timers or people that just aren't so sure. 
For the actual food, we chose a large variety of meats and veggies, and I am sure that only the veggies, instant noodles, and fish balls were up to expectation. The actual meats such as beef and chicken were very disappointing. The beef is flavorless and just feels like textured cloth, and the chicken is... weird. For the price, I was expecting a somewhat decent quality beef that actually has a taste. I would have much rather rounded up all the money that we spent at Nine Ting and buy quality ingredients for a better hot pot at the cozy comforts of home.
The waiters are really friendly and helpful. They point out how to start the in-table stoves and will constantly keep an eye out for an emptying water cup and will refill the hot pot with more boiling broth as it dries up. They are also quick to take orders from customers. The only reason this was a two star was because of the great waiters.An incredible hot pot place that gets so many things right. They have an extensive, all-you-can eat menu that covers most of the ingredients you'll find in hot pot restaurants, and more - a fantastic variety of meats, cuttlefish balls, mushrooms and vegetables, etc. A pot of boiling hot pot broth sits at your table all night, and you can order as much as you want anytime throughout your stay, which is limited to 2 hrs (don't waste, or you'll get a 20% surcharge!). 
The sauce bar adds even more to the mix-and-match excitement, and I sampled each of them - the classic hot chili oil is still my favorite, but I love mixing it with the red pepper, minced garlic, and scallions. 
There was always a server around to re-fill our waters, and we both got free ice cream for checking in on Facebook and "Liking" their page. I chose green tea, and it was delicious, dense, and creamy. The $22 or something flat fee for the buffet might be a bit steep, but for get-togethers, concluding a Chinatown exploration, or introducing a friend to the area, I think it's a great treat every once in awhile.This is a great place to hold a BYO all you can eat party. We had fun celebrating a friends birthday here with 12+ people. We sat in a private room around one giant table with two grills in the center. We were brought bowls full of edamame, rice, red pepper paste, peanuts, and seaweed salad. We then proceeded to order, and cook mass quantities of meat ourselves. Duck, pork belly, lamb, beef, chicken, muscles... it went on and on deliciously. The duck and lamb were my favorite. I enjoyed the Korean seasoning, and the juicy, crispy meat. The muscles were not seasoned, dry, and the only thing that I did not enjoy.
My friends Korean mother told me that it was run by Chinese, and that some parts weren't quite right, but that she thought it was ok. My boyfriend was a little sketched out at the cooking it yourself, but he is always far more concerned about food poisoning that I am. Also it seemed like if you were a small party they cooked it for you.
Service was fast, and didn't seem to mind that we were always in need of more chopsticks and napkins. They joked with us, and played birthday music in the room when they brought out the cake.First time here. Hot pot and bbq food is really good, very filling. Received a free meal for my birthday.What's better then hot pot at a cold night? 
This place is great. All u can eat for $$25 a person. Not bad! They don't speak very well English tho so be prepared for it. They all speak Chinese here I think.
Anyway. Enjoy! Eat a lot!Came for AYCE hot pot. Got 3 broth flavors- kimchi, plain, and spicy.  Didn't think that the broth was very flavorful and wish they had more variety in their food selections as well as their sauces. Also thought that the beef was way too fatty, and not worth ordering. It's not a bad place for hot pot, but definitely not the best.This is probably my favorite place to go on birthdays. I totally recommend both the hot pot and the kbbq!!Twenty-two dollars for all you can eat hot pot? This is truly the stuff of dreams! My friend and I shared the classic half-half pot and ordered a variety of fresh veggies and seafood in addition to the prepackaged, highly-processed goodness that is fish tofu and Fuzhou style fish balls. They even have fresh blue crab available! While the crabs are small, they are a suitable size for cooking in the hot pots. With the price point this low and the competing hot pot joints in the area so lackluster, I genuinely have no complaints to make. Unless you hate delicious, affordable food, I recommend eating your next meal at Nine Ting!This is a pretty fake Korean BBQ place... I was so excited to have Korean BBQ in Philly, but it turns out so disappointed... The meats suck, might be frozen for so long, even corn tastes like a paper.... I paid $70 something for 2 n tips. The service was not good either. They Never cared about meats burning. I do everything by myself. I don't know why they have such a high rating. I guess hot pot is good? 
Please do not try Korean BBQ here. Meats, kimchi and even source are not authentic. I hope regular American do not think this is a real Korean BBQ. Instead of this, I would have any other Chinese food in China Town.The Korean BBQ is mediocre and tasteless. The marinated beef dishes do not taste like Korean Beef at all so I don't know why they call it Korean BBQ. Fraud alert! The service is alright, nothing fancy. The server at the end confronted us about the tips we left ($15 for $100 bill). So rude. Never come back to this place.Not a Korean BBQ and I'm not sure if it even counts as BBQ. All the meat tasted the same. Could have easily had a better meal anywhere else. A lot of the meat was just too fatty and the grill was not set up properly to sear away the fat. We came here just for the meat and we were very disappointed. Additionally, the service was terrible. Hostess was very rude and waiter checked in with us with a mouth full of food. Spend your $27 anywhere else and you'd probably be happier.I ordered the hot pot and I still had to ask for soup bowls then I had to ask for soup spoons. New waiter or not, they should pay attention to their table needsGreat bang for your buck! The hot pot was great, plenty of options. We were seated a smaller table at first, but asked to move to a bigger table since the place was only half full. Definitely my favorite hot spot place in Chinatown.Nice place to eat hot pot, and nice service. Fresh food, and the desert is good. Also the free ice cream we got.Not actually Korean at all. Zero Korean language, appetizers, or ... Food. False advertising.Nice spot but they made me wait literally 3 hours and 45 minutes...they said that other people paid but are still drinking and will not be able to seat us, but we saw a lot of people walking in and being seated. So disappointed.When you walk in, it smells like heaven and I don't mind smelling like bbq for the rest of my day. Come for the bbq or the hot pot... or both!bad service I did not feel so welcome here n I felt like they was rushing us to eat n wanted us to get outI was so excited when hearing a korean restaurant is opening in Chinatown. And it's buffet style. They have all you can eat shabu shabu for $22 or Korean BBQ for $27, but if you wanna try both, it's $30! All you can eat!!!
So I went there with a group of friends, we ordered both bbq and shabu. I was disappointed. First of all, the bbq meat is not fresh, which is a huge turn off. Secondly, the shabu broth is lack of natural flavor, and you can tell there is MSG in the broth. 
They have a sauce bar like all other shabu restaurant so you can make your own sauce. You can ask the server to help you to cook the bbq if you are not familiar with the process. The service is kinda slow, but no biggie. 
It's a good place for group dining or if you are really really hungry. But don't go there if you want some quality food and dining experience.
And FYI, their so called Korean BBQ is NOT real korean bbq, it's .... it's just bbq.Nine ting is literally the only place I go to celebrate my birthday nowadays. Great selection, delicious all you can eat beans hot pot, a make your own sauce bar, and it's free on your birthday? What more can you ask for. Even if it's not free, it's still a good deal for the money in my opinion (I've paid full price before as well), especially if you get hot pot OR BBQ instead of both.My favorite hot-pot place in Philly. The selection of meats and veggies are really good. The sauce bar is excellent and the soup bases are pretty good as well. My favorites are pig-bone broth and the kimchi broth. They serve banchans (side dishes) as well and they're pretty good. I have not tried the BBQ but I bet that is great too. Definitely give it a go.This place has both BBQ and hot pot! The service was great and the food is fresh!! I really like their variety of choices and the atmosphere is also great!Excellent food... First time here and will come back again.
It was the best way to end the day after a long plane ride into PHL on a cold night! (25 degree!)Hot pot was good for me but the BBq wasnt an authentic korean BBq, kalbi sucks, if u eat lot of kalbi or short ribs, they will give u a kalbi with lot of fat part on your next round. Its happen to me while having a dinner with my friend, we were laughing to their food. The staff keeps staring at our table. Feels akward and creepy.Being a huge hot pot/shabu shabu fan - I have been excited for the recent openings of new places in our area in the past year.  The place is very modern and clean using top notch material and their featured combo hot pot BBQ all you can eat deal is a great value since our server Phoebe was very attentive and stayed by our table to cook our meats and grabbed any extra requests for us as needed. The service was quick and efficient and everyone worked pretty well as a team.  They offer a free meal if it's your birthday and you cannot beat that. My personal broth  - the herbal is probably the best herbal broth offered in the city. You can smell the fresh aromas conjured from old memories of grandmas herbal broth.  They offer a wide range of choices of meats, veggies, sides, and stocked with a do it yourself sauce bar and its really all you can eat. I honestly wanted to try everything but my gastronomical guilt set in of not wanting to waste any food or also get charged a 20 percent wasting fee which they do charge but it doesn't seem they would call you out. Overall, a good experience and a welcomed addition to our city and those new to the shabu shabu experience where in Philly, there's still a large room to grow.The more I think about the overall experience, the more angry I get. So my sister and I wanted to try this place because we love korean bbq, and they had decent reviews. Know that we didn't have the soup, we only did the bbq option. The location has a two hour time limit which is fine and dandy. The thing they don't tell you is that their grills are at such a low temperature that it take forever to cook your meat. You cannot fit a lot on the grill either, which makes me wonder how parties more than two ever get a decent bite in. The side dishes served were pathetic and completely untraditional. For example, they served salted peanuts in a dish. I think if you call yourself a Korean bbq buffet, your side dishes should have multiple Korean sides. Furthermore during the meal, there were no sauces, NO SAUCES, it's expected that the dipping sauces be accompanied with the meat. Pathetic. We were greeted once at our table and never asked how the meal was. The waters given didn't have straws and the cups were not clean. We left not full, but as if we had left a seven eleven, sad and hunger curbed. Basically save your money, don't come here, and go to a real korean bbq.- TIP:  Don't miss the sauce station.  The staff doesn't always direct you there.
- CON:  Don't go with too large of a group -- the staff really struggled with our order, and required that we order in one combined order.
- BOTTOM LINE:   Have you ever been to Simply Shabu before it closed?  It was much better than Nine Ting.  But with limited hot pot options left, at least Nine Ting is decent hot pot.Great selection of meats and vegetables and BYOB. Fast service and very accommodating. Probably the first AYCE I've felt comfortable ordering multiple times in, so thank you Nine Ting.If you're hungry and are not going out after, this is a great deal. All you can eat for $28 isn't bad, as long as you don't mind smelling like a piece of meat afterward. My go-tos are the steak with house sauce, pork belly, and marinated beef short rib. I love mussels in general but these mussels were a bit fishy. The sauce and toppings bar is amazing, you can replenish on all of the chili oil, BBQ sauce, and scallions your heart desires. It's a great place to go for a group of 4 or more people and it's BYOB. Be prepared to wait for about 20-30 mins during peak times. Service is always friendly, sometimes not the promptest when busy.Food is ok but sadly service is horrible. Especially the short hair girl at the cashier. She's always seem to be unhappy greeting customers (this is my 3rd time here) this time we ask for 2 hotpot and 2 BBQ. That girl said "ok make sure you don't share because the prices are different. We have cameras so we will be watching you. There will be a fine if you share" 
Wow. Ok that's fine but the way she said makes people feel very uncomfortable. We will probably not come back.The hot pot and barbecue was delicious. It was nice that the hot pot can come individually. The staffs were really nice and friendly. And the black pepper steaks are reallygood and juicy.Did AYCE BBQ only - very good, but the grills aren't the usual KBBQ type. Better options exist in the US namely in LA, but for Philly, this is probably your best bet for AYCE. Always packed here for dinner so come early or expect to wait. They have a sauce station with every usable condiment you can think of!Very good. I like the environment and the food.. It's really traditional Chinese food. Very good place for Chinese couple.Great food! Best place for BBQ and hot pot in Philly. S many choices in terms of seafood, meat and veggies.
Be sure to try the tomato broth. My wife loves it!It's a long wait but the food it's good and the place it's nice. It has pillows and comfort seats.The hot pot is really good, especially tomatoe style source base. Their blue crabs you can order as much you can. Bbq short ribs and beef tongue are very yummy for bbq part.Service was great and hotpot and KBBQ were tasty. We went with a big group of seventeen people and all the food came out very quickly.This is definitely the best Korean barbecue that you can find in Philadelphia! Amazing service, we had our waiter at our table constantly to help us cook and cut the meat, and there was an amazing selection of meats and vegetables and side dishes, and a large bar to make your own sauces which is definitely unique!Nice hot pot! A variety of food. Beef and lamb are most recommended! The service is the best ever.Great spot for hot pot. Beef lamb chicken duck crabs shrimp almost anything you could want. And it's all you can eat. For the price it is hard to beat. The Bbq could have a better marinade and flavor. And the grill takes a long time to cook. I would recommend hotpot only.Update to my previous review, this place remains excellent! Service was very good, Ben was our server and he was extremely attentive - he even brought us a bowl of cilantro when it ran empty on the sauce bar. A+.Firat order they came fast.. and the second and third will take forever.. so I assume this is not a buffet. There is a lot more korean BBQ restaurants out there much better than this place.. better food and better serviceDecor is modern and amazing. Nice addition to Chinatown. We tried the kbbq. Their ingredients were fresh - beef tongue is amazing and a must get. The waiter even cooked for us the entire time. Great service. I need to come back and try their hot pot!One word: Bad. 
I wanted to try this place out because it was AYCE kbbq and who doesn't like all you can eat? 
The food was terrible. The meats they had weren't even Korean marinades. This place uses like some savory marinade you'd taste in Vietnamese noodle dishes like Bun bo hue or Bun Rieu. How is that even Korean??? It wasn't even Korean inspired!! The only meat I recommend is the pepper steak. 
Service: HORRIBLE. The place was empty and these Chinese servers couldn't even speak English to us and we would have to ask for someone else. Not only that, but they were way overstaffed. The worst part? While we were "eating" they would stare at us and I'm talking about 7-10 servers just standing, talking in their own language and staring at us like 3 feet away. WHO DOES THAT? 
I should've been thrown off when there was only one other group eating hot-pot. I can only speak for the Korean food, but the service alone makes me regret ever trying this place out. 
Don't come here. The food is nasty and the service is even worse.This is the third time that I have been here and I am still impressed. The quality of service is superb. The all you can hotpot is an awesome experience. I have yet to be disappointed. Come hungry!Helloooooooo AYCE KBBQ and hot pot!  I've been waiting so long for you to arrive in Philly, I can hardly tell you how excited I was when I was first told that such a place was opening!
KBBQ: hubby got the kbbq, and true to form, ate A LOT of it.  He absolutely loved the short rib/kalbi.  Other meats were fine, but not memorable.  Hack: kbbq places sometimes give you "crack sauce"--they don't here, but you can make your own "crack sauce" at the hot pot sauce station--little salt and sesame oil.
HOT POT: I got the hot pot, and was rather proud of myself for not getting meat-ed out.  They have a great selection of meats, seafood, veggies, and other hot pot goodies--I was pretty pleased with their selection!  They also have several different types of broth--the "original", ma la (spicy), tomato (mine was a little sour :/ ), chinese herb, etc.  Make your own sauce at the station--and note while "sha cha jiang" is sometimes called Chinese BBQ sauce, that is **not** the same thing here--it's labelled with something that starts with a T, maybe.
SOME EXTRAS: They gave us a seafood pancake appetizer at the beginning which...basically didn't have any seafood.  Fail...except that it was actually still kinda tasty, once you get over the fact that there's no seafood.
Dessert = fruit, and there's also a sweet soup where the hot pot sauce station is.
This place is BYOB!  You'll need to ask for a bottle opener though.
SERVICE/ATMOSPHERE: Brand spanking new, so place looks pretty nice now.  Our party of 4 sat at a table that could seat 6--There were 6 smaller hot pot surfaces for each individual, and one large hot pot surface and one large kbbq surface for the table.  This means that there isn't enough space for all of the food to be cooked (but let's be real...is there ever?!)
Service is way better if you speak chinese--several of the waiters/waitresses are obviously much more comfortable in Chinese (going so far as to breathe a sigh of relief and say "oh, you DO speak chinese" when I started ordering).
Note that if/when you order more stuff to grill/boil, make sure you ask for a guy who's walking around with an ipad--that's how it's being sent to the kitchen.
Also...no ventilation fans?  Seems like a bad idea for a hotpot/kbbq place.  I basically got my face steamed with hotpot steam.
PRICE:  $22 for hot pot, $27 for bbq, $32 for both hotpot and kbbq.  This seems pricey to me, but not insane/unreasonable.
OVERALL: not bad, at least for philly!  I haven't seen any kbbq places, and selection/prices at other hot pot places have made me sad and still a little hungry.  Food is not *to die for*, but it's definitely solid, and will hit the spot!Lovely place! I always visited this restaurant when I'm in Philadelphia. Definitely worth the money.The food was excellent. There's variety within the menu, the service was great. They filled your water cup appropriately.  The pricing is reasonable. The location is easy to get too.  I highly recommend this place and will be returning soon.A lot of good stuffs to put in your hot pot. The broth can be bland so you should choose the more flavorful types like spicy. Overall still my go to place for hot pot in Chinatown.Not the best service. Waiters kind of walk around absentmindedly and I tried to flag someone down multiple times to get water but they'd only glance at me and continue to walk past. There were hardly any other people there on a slow Thursday night so that's disappointing. Besides wondering when I'd ever get a refill, the food quality is alright and I wasn't impressed by my hot pot despite how much seasoning I put into it. I'd come again if a friend begged me to but I don't think I'd ever want to willingly come here considering how much it costs to eat for one person and how average the food/service is (the bare minimum I ask for is refilled water!).This is great place for friends to hang out. Great food and great service. Highly recommended. 价格适中。服务周到。Definitely don't understand why they have such great ratings..  The food was terrible. I'd rather pay $30 each platter of meat than come here again for all you can eat. I barely ate cause I was so disappointed.
First off, the grills here are awful. Does not cook food fast enough nor gets hot enough and it dries out the meat. It's really small and you can barely finish grilling one platter. 
Second off, the sides are so excruciatingly offensive to Korean food... The kimchi tasted like they were made with straight up gochujjang sauce... That is not how you make kimchi. And we had roasted peanuts.. 
The cherry on top to the whole experience is the meat... The galbi was not marinated properly. And so were the others. The only thing tolerable was the shrimp and mushrooms... Which says a lot. We stuck with just one thing, the thinly sliced beef which we had to marinate ourselves because it was flavorless. I regret going here so much. It was a waste of money...I've only gotten the hotpot here, have yet to do the BBQ, but I've heard and SMELLED amazing things!!
The all you can hotpot is such a good deal, especially in the winter when it's just the right thing you need! So many choices and the staff is super friendly! The kimchi soup base and the pork bone soup base are my favorites!! SO yummy! Can't get enough!This is definitely the best hot pot in Philly! Like the all you can eat and get quickly served at 5 pm on Friday. A lot of varieties and all kinds of sauce for your choice. The food feels pretty fresh and good quality.  Will come back again and try the BBQ!   Jacky helped us a lot when ordering and he is very nice!I have been here multiple times and have never been disappointed. Excellent food, excellent service and great atmosphere. 
The food is always fresh and there is a wide selection whether you are eating hotpot or kbbq. 
Highly recommend for small groups! It's BYOB as well.I'm giving this place 4 stars because it was a lot of fun. I had a reservation for 15 people for my birthday. We got a party room which had two grilles for Korean BBQ.
Food- the meat was good, but KBBQ normally had more side dishes. There was edamame, seaweed salad, peanuts and Kim Chee. It was also difficult to get out to get the sauces from the table we were in. 
Service- we had to stick our heads out a few times, but for the most part the service was friendly. The reservation was confusing though. I called at 5:00 pm, June 7 to make the reservation. I made it for 20 people on June 20 at 7 pm. Then the hostess called me at 7:05 June 7 to ask me if I was coming. When I pointed out her mistake she asked for a credit card to hold the reservation. I asked her if my CC would be charged and she said it wouldn't be unless we didn't come. I asked for the cancellation policy and the hostess said, "so you're going to cancel the reservation?" I said I wasn't planning on it and she said, "just let us know a day before if you're not going to come." 
On June 20 At 4:00 I dropped off some beer before the dinner they handed me a CC slip to sign for $50 and told me to remember to tell the waiter to deduct it from the bill. Then when we got out check they handed me $50 in cash. Regardless, their reservation taking system needs more clarification. 
*other reviews said they didn't have a wine key, but they did.
*they will give you free dinner on your birthday, but if it's the day before you are out of luck.Great food and ambiance, high quality ingredients and really friendly servers!!
We got seafood, meat, veggies, and weren't rushed or pushed. Good BYOB spot and not too loud.It was good the BBQ seem to take longer than we though make sure you order things that would cook fast.I called them to make a reservation for 2 and the woman on the phone confirmed. However, when I got there the host told me they don't accept reservations for under 4 people. Really disappointed that I made the trip out there for a special night only to find out that they gave me misinformation on the phone and I had to wait 45 minutes for a table I made a "reservation" for. A lot of places in chinatown with better customer service.I can't image how this place earned a 3.5-star rating.  It was easily the worst dining experience I've had in Chinatown in many years.  I don't believe I simply caught this place on a bad day.  My friend an I opted for the all-you-can-eat deal.  The number of people inside dining away was encouraging, but we got off to a bad start and it only got worse from there.
We ordered a variety of meats -- all of which turned out to be very fatty and they arrived with a peculiar odor.  We decided to give it a try.  The server began to toss meat onto the grill covering it in the end.  We didn't get to pick what we wanted to eat first.  She just tossed meat onto the grill without care.  Well, lets talk about the grill.  It's rectangular with a raised area the middle lengthwise and on the sides, openings for the drippings to drain away.  It wasn't long before we saw something amiss: the meat was barely cooking.  It took a bit of hunting to find the temperature control for the grill, but once I found it and turned it up, we were finally cooking for real.  Well, at least the middle of the grill was.  The sides were still cool and the meat that lay there was still raw and drying out rather than cooking.  Another worker explained that the hot part of the grill was the center.  Okay, if that's the case, why did the other girl toss meat onto the non-cooking parts of the grill??
My friend went to the sauce bar he said there were sauce containers that were empty.  There were.  At least 1/3 were empty -- including the soy sauce.  How can you run an Asian restaurant in Chinatown and not have soy sauce??  Additionally, the sauce bar was a mess.  I reported the state of the sauce bar to our server and it was soon cleaned up and replenished.  Clearly, the person charged with maintaining that area wasn't doing his job.
Back at the table, we were doing better as long as the grill was set to "high", but twice other workers turned it down, including one who turned it off(!) even though we still had food to cook.  If the grill is too weak on "low" and "high" produces too much smoke, then why don't they have adequate ventilation?  If people are cooking indoors, you need ventilation!  Considering the odors in the place, they really need ventilation.
There are so many *better* places to eat of you want to eat this kind of food.  Kim's in Olney is probably the best I've been to, but Gyukaku is also good.  I haven't been to the new Miga yet, but it's got to be better than Nine Ting.It's surprising to see the high reviews this place is getting. OH WAIT, I know why. So I've been hearing that if you eat there on your birthday, you get a free meal. Okay. But also, if you agree to write a 5 star review for them, you get a discount. They're basically buying their reviews rather than letting their food do the talking. That's how you know the food isn't authentic like everyone says it is. If you don't believe me, see how many reviews got removed and how many reviews violated the guidelines. Notice, most people only had one review for this place with no friends. New business and got that much removed already? Not good. 
Now moving onto the food. I decided to check it out for myself. We decided to wait for my friend's birthday to see if this offer can be redeemed, and it worked. Free meal and a discount with a five star review. Sorry, but I'm giving you one. Anyways, we got the Korean BBQ to try it out. When you first take a bite, you can tell it's not the authentic Korean BBQ that you're used to due to the lack of flavor/marinade and poor cuts of meat. The short ribs were probably the only thing close to tasting okay. The grill sucked and what was even worse, they don't change the grill for you when it's clearly all burnt and used out. It's already bad enough that it's an electric grill that makes the wait time for cooking much longer.
Overall, wasn't as enjoyable as I thought it would be. If you want better BBQ around the area, go down to Washington Ave. and try out International Smokeless BBQ.Pros:
- Nice variety of food and sauces
- Nice pork belly
- Nice spicy hotpot
- Delicious green tea ice cream (get for free whenever you check-in)
Cons:
- There are flies near the sauce area
- Water's refilled really slowly, evenwhen the restaurant is not really crowded
- Use the same soup base as refilled
- Limited number of toilets, have to queue up for a while even during non-rush hour. There might be some problems with the food so that people stay quite long in the restroom.Good value ($22 for hotpot and $27 for bbq). Be careful with the seafood you order. Shrimp comes with head-on. If you ask for crab, you get a WHOLE crab (not just crab legs or crab meat). All very delicious but we just weren't expecting it.Came here on my birthday, the hot pot is awesome, lots of food selections and dressings, and the fruit ice tea here is amazing. Will definitely coming back in the future.Very friendly service but subpar food. I'm glad we got the hotpot on top of the BBQ because the BBQ was pretty disappointing...definitely barely 2 stars worthy for the BBQ. I wouldn't come here with a big group because the small grill takes awhile to cook up all of the meats properly. It barely worked out for our group of 5 and probably helped having one girl in the group. The meat marinade and quality was really disappointing and made me realize that there is a big difference between AYCE korean BBQ and AYCE chinese BBQ... how I miss you CA.
The hotpot wasn't bad though if you want to give this place a shot I would recommend that at the least. They have a nice selection of broths that you choose as your own. You can get a dual broth holder which my bf and I shared which was nice to have the option of something spicy to change things up. The pork bone broth had too much celery seasoning in it.
The sliced meats for the hotpot were good and I appreciated the sauce bar to complement our meal. This can be the trickiest part about eating hotpot but I am finally mastering what my tastebuds like when it comes to sauce.. one savory spicy sauce and one sweet vinergary sauce are what I would recommend. I love the sauce bar options but it gets crowded as its a bit of a daunting process trying to figure out what you want... luckily you can come back and try multiples!
I would recommend trying this place for the hotpot without expectations and bringing some alcohol for kicks and giggles. Also, those bathrooms are indeed gorgeous. Just wash your hands... Do it! I might come back if I'm really craving hot pot and am too lazy to prep it at home.Nice and polite service, awesome sauce bar, and worth the money especially the hot pot/ banquet combo.Came here for the first time a couple days ago and I loved it! Although it's a little confusing to someone who has never heard of this kind of place, the waiters were very helpful and patient explaining the way everything works. The food was great, the atmosphere was nice, and the staff was amazing. Definitely coming back!The Nine Ting was an excellent dinning experience!!!!!! Friendly service, great options, and overall great food!!!! A great Korean barbecue choice!!!This place has delish food! Sooooo much food to eat! Lamb,shrimp,squid,duck,beef,short rib,beef tongue,pig brains (if you fancy), chicken wings! Anddd lots of good sauces!Service is horrible. We were neglected by the waiter. Felt like we didn't belong and felt like we were only eating to avoid the 20% overcharge for wasted food. Hostess had the nerve to ask for tip. As someone who also works in the food service industry, I have never been so fueled and down right appalled by bad service until tonight. Never coming back.This place is seriously not all that. It does have unlimited BBQs and hot pot. But everything is not fresh obviously. The broths for hot pot is not good enough, I've had better ones from New York. Around $30 you can eat all you want. I would rather spend the money from outside buy all the materials and do it at home. But their place is neat and clean, service is good though.TLDR: if you are feeling extra hungry, come here! Decent variety of foods, good service, and the hot pot is the best value here. 
Kbbq: I'm pretty certain nine ting is under Chinese management, because while the kbbq is delicious, the condiment bar and the marinated meat definitely has chinese inspired taste rather than authentic Korean. There was a decent selection of meats and vegetables, and everything is decently fresh. It's not amazing quality, but it's all you can eat, so you get what you pay for. 
Hot pot: the broth selection is pretty good but not mind blowing, and you're allowed to select up three broths. There's honestly not much of a difference between the pig bone and classic broths. Get the shrimp (they're huge) and the crabs (they add a nice seafood taste to the broth). The waiters are very prompt with adding more dishes, which is important when you only have two hours to eat. 
Tips: there is a two hour policy for eating at nine ting, but I'm not sure how heavily this is enforced, because I've never been kicked out. For small groups and for hot pot, the food cooks quickly so two hours is enough time, but large groups eating kbbq may be squeezed for time.Service is such funny
Food tasted so delicious.Fresh and a lots of food.
I will give five stars .we will be backThis place is great! Yu was the man and the kimchi broth is my favorite. All of the meats and fish are super fresh.Amazing food and ample quantity. Was here for free birthday hotpot. Recommend the lamb and fish balls.The bbq is fine. There is a wide selection of meat, but not that much for veggie & seafood. The meat is not super fresh, prolly coz we came at 11pm and they ran out of fresh yum meat @.@ Anw, the services is good. The Korean BBQ sauce is the best. Don't order too much coz they have bigger servings than other korean bbq places.Great place for hot pot but avoid their BBQ. K-town has much better BBQ. Nine Ting uses very cheap quality beef for their BBQ.Probably the only all you can eat joint in Chinatown. This place sells the sizzle but not the steak. The meats for Korean BBQ are very average to below average in quality. They recommend that you go to the sauce bar to make your own sauce, but that's only because the meat itself is very bland. Their vegetables are not cut properly so they're a pain to cook. The grill gets dirty insanely fast, but at least they're very good about switching it out. Try to avoid coming with a large group, it's a headache to split the check and get your order in at a timely manner otherwise you will be here for hours.Excellent! Gets better every time! Also you can't beat eating free on your birthday. Definitely the highlight of my day! I don't even live in Philadelphia anymore but I still come back for my birthday. Thanks Nine Ting!Excellent food. There's definitely a lot of variety with the food you can choose from compared to other kbbq/ hot pot places in philly. The customer service is lacking though. It takes awhile for them to get to you let alone get their attention. A tip is you should probably try to order all you want the first time because it takes awhile for them to get to you and it takes longer for them to bring out your order.Food and service is excellent, just a longer wait for tables in the winter time. Worth it if going with a birthday person, it's free for the person, but have to do a review in Yelp or Facebook.Sooo. My husband and I arrived 1 hour before they closed.  We were told that we were not welcome as they were "getting ready to close.  "
I found that hard to believe since they had one full hour before the advertised closing time.
In conclusion,  I never ate here because my husband and I weren't welcome.Two * and a half. 
I had been to a same style restaurant in NYC. This one is way worse than that one. 
First the server for my table was at a bad mood. He never smiled or spoke with confident so that I had to ask again and again what he said. In addition, the server only served us once after we first sat down. After that, our water never got filled and he never came to ask about the food. The only thing he did was to change the grill when necessary.
Second issue about the food. The beef and chicken are below average because of fishy taste and low freshness. Lamb's taste is above average, but nothing special or really good here.This place is tremendous.  The variety of meats in their Korean BBQ menu is extraordinary.  Would come back again !!Great All u can eat BBQ.  Will have to try hot pot next time.   Love the free birthday dinner.  Very yummy!!!!!小火锅很棒，小哥服务员很帅，吃得超赞！力荐！ 
真好吃，大家快来试试哦，一定不会让你失望的！过生日来这边吃还可以免费哦！
Celebrating a birthday here is very worth the trip and possible wait. Recommend to call ahead for larger party's. The party rooms are really big, RYAN IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HANDSOME, ASK FOR HIM!Abel the server was patient and very nice! The hot pot was okay but abel's made this special sauce which made the experience so much better. Recommend getting the sauce n will def come back!!!!!!Our waiter was very friendly and considerate, she always walked around so if we ever needed anything she was there. It was my third time there and each one was memorable. The experience was always different (each visit within 2 years apart). My only complaint is that I was not reminded of the sauces we can make. All in all, every party member I've brought to Nine Ting says it was worth the money and the experience is great.Environment: Very modern looking place. Definitely been here a few times, and I love their seating arrangements both for smaller parties with their lounge-like seating or their larger party rooms. This place is very accommodating; however, I recommend you make a reservation if it's a larger party.
Service: The four of us got the AYCE hot pot. Our waiter was very attentive although we started coming around a busier hour (7PM on a Sunday night). So we lost touch with our waiter near the end but we never felt like we were being purposefully ignored. Very accommodating and asking us how many plates of sliced beef we wanted to clearly communicate our desire for meat...
Food: The broth most certainly does justice to the things you cook in it and maintains a some-what authentic Sichuanese flavor. I recommend getting the spicy if you want to maximize the authenticity of the flavor, pork broth if you just want a solid flavorful soup base, or Chinese herbal if you want something more fragrant. I would not recommend getting the kimchi flavor one since it was kind of flavorless and their un-korean qualities definitely show here. Can't go wrong with getting the sliced beef, enoki mushrooms, and fuzhou fish balls, just to name a few. These are some staple items on the menu; everything else is basically up to your personal taste preference.
**Note: The many many times I have been here, I never got the KBBQ because it's known to be a Chinese hot pot eatery. 
Price: For AYCE hot pot, $30 after tax and tip was not a bad deal what-so-ever.Wait is super long so make sure you make reservations the day before. They don't take same day reservations. Hot pot selection is good and service is quick.Came here for a late lunch and the all you can eat hot pot menu is so worth the money, friendly service, I would definitely recommend to my friends!Visiting Philadelphia and wanted to leave with a great experience from China Town. 
Searched on Yelp and found this place with  mostly good ratings. What threw us off was that the negative comments were really  horrible,  how come? were  people that rated it badly just picky people? Well... sadly we decided go and check it out for ourselves. 
Pro:clean restaurant, friendly and attentive staff, food brought on demand wirh no delay. Condiments, kimchi, peanuts, rice and sea weed served plentfully but that was all for the variety. meat served was tender.Plenty of time to eat no rush whatsoever(we had previously read that a 2 hour minimum was set) so we were worried. Cant say if it is like that everyday but we went on a Wednesday at 7 pm and no problem. place  actually busy...
Cons:  very little taste. no veggie options other than corn, potatoes and mushrooms. in order to get others we would have to get the hot pot for an additional fee. we sat at a table with 4 people. the grill for bbq was awkwardly positioned at one end of the table so if you sat on the other side you had to fight to get to the food. could never get the grill temp to work for us.
We love Korean food and really would not mind if variety was limited as long as the food was good,but this was a little disappointing  due to the lack of taste, kimchi dis not taste that great. Sea weed was super sweet,rice was tasteless(not even salt) ,cold and dry. Yes you can add flavor to the meats with the condiments but again the condiments were not the best. Marinated meat was also tasteless..Saw others eating different items than what was offered to us, maybe they are locals and know what and how to order from a mystery menu...
This place just didn't do it for our group.
We would not go again and would not reccomend to anyone that has ever been to a true Korean. And if you haven't ,then dont let this be your first experience. Maybe the hot pot option might have been better as most of the positive ratings indicated. 
No doubt lots of meat....but tasteless.
Its hard to describe... hate to bash the place because it had its pros but if you are craving a real Korean BBQ, then skip this one.Good food. Cook it yourself. I want free ice cream. The hostess was cutting her nails at the front desk which was weird. The ice cream is tiny.It was our first time at Korean BBQ and we didn't really know what to expect. We came in around 5PM on Sunday, and the place was pretty packed. Our order was somehow not transmitted to the kitchen, and not knowing how it works, we didn't know if this was abnormal.... it took 20+ minutes for someone to realize that this wasn't right, and it wasn't our original server who we never saw again...
However, the one woman came to our table rectified the issue and personally made sure we received everything we needed. She was extremely nice, helpful, and provided a few recommendations for us. Our grill would not get hot, and a lot of the food took a very long time to cook. We ended up ordering more of the thinner slices of meat just so we had enough to eat. The food itself was pretty good and the service improved by the end, but overall it was a pretty disappointing trip.Food is great, atmosphere is fun! Seafood pancake was AMAZING. grilled pineapple with the pork was also so delish. sauce bar is a fun twist. will definitely return!All you can eat for a good price. The line is long on the weekend but worth it. And it's FREE on your birthday.The Korean bbq isn't that great. The meats are really bland... I don't think they're worth the money.
Aside from the Korean bbq, their hot pots are good!
A lot of different broths and meats to choose from, but come at a good time because the wait time to just be able to eat during busy nights or weekends, is an hour to an hour and a half!I was expecting some yummy KBBQ but it disappointed me so much. The owners were Chinese and all the food was not prepared Korean style. Although it was buffet, there were not a lot of choices. Definitely would not recommend for KBBQ.Great food and ambience! Will was my server and he was amazing. Made the experience much better!
Got the duo hotpot buffet.Great service and ALL you can Korea BBQ or Hot Pot or BOTH!  Amazing service in the private room. Jerry cooked all our food so please tip generously.  Sauce bar is endless. Make your own Secret Sauce. BYOB across the street get $2.00 beer.Red meat, and lots of it.  The lettuce was so green and fresh,  and large, delicious shrimp.  UmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmWe did their BBQ, and it was sooooo good. The duck, pork belly, and marinated sirloin especially. They even have a little area to make your own dipping sauces.It's overall ok place to dine at, but there are more place to go if you don't mind to throw more money in for your food. Tips: waiter never change the grill unless you ask them to.Visiting Philly and decided to stop in. Ordered from the bbq menu. Food was great. Portions were really good size. When in Philadelphia  I would visit again.I went with a friend here for his birthday who loves this place and we were not disappointed. We went with a group of three and had one of the pots which is a good amount. If you're looking for a place that's really good and worth the money spent than look no ferture. Great place to have a nice conversation with friends over a good meal that you cook together. Great staff that is always attentive with refills and bringing out more food. Highly recommend checking out!!!!!I had the unfortunate experience of having "Korean" BBQ here. I am not sure what's supposed to be Korean about it as it just seems to be some kind of cheap knockoff. The meat has a strong and unpleasant "meaty" smell, as if it has not been properly marinated beforehand. This carries over to the taste which is generally not great. 
The sauce bar was half empty, though they did eventually refill this during the course of the meal after we complained. The sauce selection seemed to be more geared towards the shabu shabu ("hot pot") rather than the BBQ. The whole restaurant is poorly ventilated and smells like their uncooked meats. You will smell like that too after the meal. The service was average. 
Do yourself a favor. If you want real Korean BBQ go to Kim's in Elkins Park. If you want something closer to cc try Miga or Gyu Kaku (which is Japanese BBQ but similar). If you want shabu shabu try Hippot which is nearby and quite awesome.Birthday lunch, love the bbq and hotpot here! A lot selections on the food. We loved the pork ribs and steak for the bbq. You can choose up to  three different flavor for the hot pot. Or have individual small pot.Yummy yummy!! Dinner with my fiancé!! Celebrating his birthday. BBQ time!! Must try!! Make sure you don't over order you will get charged if you waste food!!Le. Git.
Don't get me wrong, the rumors of outrageous wait times are totally true. That's the only reason I knocked a star off the rating. We were given an hour or less estimated wait time and stood around for two. The restaurant claims to have a two hour time limit for tables, but there were guests there when we arrived and when we left, almost four hours later. All tables of pretty young Korean girls. Hmmmmm.
But this is definitely a place to visit on an empty stomach. The portions are endless and everything comes out instantly. The broths are NOT vegetarian- I tried to research this and the answers I got were ambiguous- but the few that are flavored with vegetables can be made with water instead of stock. Try the spicy option, it didn't taste like anything was missing.
Bring some beer, order some pig brains, and get ready for an exciting night. Two hours seems like a long time, but it goes by quickly when you're on a mission to try everything on the menu.Tried the $22.99 hot pot and got the kimchi style soup base. Here's what I thought:
Pros:
-Unlimited soup (can't try different soups)
-Unlimited ingredients. You ask for more and they keep on coming
-You make your own dipping sauce at the sauce corner
-fresh veggies and meats
-Service depends on your server 
-Great for groups and dates
Cons: 
-The kimchi soup base was super mild (I'm Korean) so it tasted 'ok' to me. I didn't hate it but didn't love it. 
-The kimchi is whatever. Not sure if I'd eat it from there.
-it was an hour wait so my friends and I put our name down on the list. There was probably 10 names ahead of us? After waiting at least 40 minutes at a bar nearby, we called to see how much longer we would have to wait and they couldn't really give us an estimated time... ok. So we asked them how many people are ahead of our name? They just said 'we don't know' - probably not the best way to answer to a customer btw. Hungry as we were, we told them we would just cancel and then the lady goes, "oh wait! we have a table ready now" -_- nice. 
WARNING - you could burn your tongue / your entire mouth 
Overall the experience wasn't bad at all. I would come here again and maybe try the bbq or other hot pot soup flavors!My wife and I were in the area and were looking to try a local restaurant. By the way, we're locals and walked here from our house with our son. Great place, clean, good food, ok service. Oh yea, they're racist. I'm Asian, my wife is Caucasian. After sitting down, I watch my son while my wife grabs the sauces from the sauce bar. My wife over hears the waitress comment on her selections. "She only going to get soy sauce," "yea, i know they usually do just use soy sauce." First waitress was very rude while the other 2 were very nice.Amazing food, friendly and helpful service and FREE food if it's your birthday. I'll definitely be back!!BYOB you say? All you can eat you say?? Well, you my dear have said enough. 
That's how my friend talked me into coming to Nine Ting. I'd previously only been to Korean BBQ style places in LA and figured somewhere in the likes of Philly couldn't compare. 
I was wrong. While not completely legit, I'd say it was pretty damn good. 
We opted for the hot pot/Korean BBQ dual dinner and then proceeded to order everything under the sun that sound generally appealing. The host was very polite yet informative and had great service. We were able to get 2 different hot pots which allowed us to try different broths (win!). They also had a "DIY" sauce bar that pretty much had anything you might like or be curious to top your food with. One of my favorite options available here. 
When the plate came over we immediately wished we ordered less options to begin with. We had no idea that they would bring such hefty servings - albeit not a complaint factor. The server gave us a quick tutorial on how to work the hot pots and BBQ'd the BBQ meats for us. Other places I've been to allow you to do both but I felt this ended up with an overall tastier/well done result. It should be noted that there is a 2 hour time limit for tables. We were told reservations were recommended but easily scooped a table around 6ish without one. 
We never got around to ordering anything else because literally all we could eat was the first serving. The food was all fresh, cooked well and complimented the sauces very well. Halfway through the meal my top jean button became undone and upon finishing my two month food belly and I had to shuffle sideways out the booth. For me, Nine Ting boasts an extremely enjoyable experience and quality food. Both my friend and I decided that next time we'd both stick to the hot pot - which we both found more flavorful, however, the dual option is great to try to get the best of both worlds. Word to the wise, start with around 3 meats and a few veggies and build up from there. I will return, only next time more well prepared -armed with my bottle and adjustable pants!This Korean BBQ Place is amazing and a good place to eat.If u want for a soup type of broth there is Hot Pot.I went to this place twice . First time I went for the bbq & the hot pot . Second time , I went for just the hot pot . I thought that bbq wasn't that great . All the meats tasted the same . It was like all of them were marinated in the same sauce . But other than that , there were very varieties of meats and vegetables you can pick from . Service was okay - good the first time I went . I came back for the hot pot because I personally LOVEEE shabu shabu , and their hot pot isnt bad and the price is perfect . Its $22 for a person but I clearly eat a lot , so it was totally worth it . There are about 6 different soups you can choose from , and you can do half and half .. So you can try different kinds of soups . There are many meats , seafood , and vegetables you can choose from . I personally love the thin slices of beef , beef balls , enoki mushrooms & tofu skin . Service the second time was amazing . He was very attentive . Always made sure that the soup was filled , see if we wanted to order anything else , made sure we have water, and everything . His name is Abel by the way . There is a sauce bar you can make sauces from . I usually just use the soy sauce and the peppers . They give you oranges / watermelons for dessert . Come here if you eat a lot hahaha thats all I have to say .This is the hot pot place that I always wished for in Philly. You can get the hot pot buffet option for a little more than twenty dollars, and the hot pot and Korean bbq option for, I think, five dollars more. I would definitely recommend this place if you are hungry and love hot pot. It's pretty standard hot pot. (You pick a broth and order what items you want.) I really like how you can get your individual pot instead of a communal one. I think this place would be great for a large group where not everyone likes the same things, since each person can get their own pot and choose what they want. Also, our waiter was really funny, haha.The barbecue is priced appropriately. Although the food itself is not a high quality so just order everything to try I suppose. We did have a party of four and we had to ask four times for a soda so it was sort of lacking on the service side.If they provided an inkling of customer service I'd feel embarrassed for them but the staff was unbelievably rude and inattentive so all I feel is angry. Our server visited exactly once the entire two hours without being summoned and it was to turn on the grill. The other times I had to wait 10+ minutes to wait to find another server to ask for basic things like napkins (only provided a couple cocktail napkins), rice and you know, our actual meal of barbecued meats. Speaking of, was mediocre at best. The beef spare ribs and wings were okay but overall was a pathetic excuse for Korean barbecue. They serve three measly banchan (sides) that are never refilled without multiple request. Lacking in lots of basic Korean bbq dishes like cucumber and pancakes and tofu and I'm just angry at how much this whole experience sucked. I've been starring at our server for 15 minutes and he is looking at me and looking away and ignoring us and all I want to do is get out check and the get eff out of here to never come back again.  The fastest part was the server picking up the payment. Cool sinks bro.Pretty good damn deal for hotpot in philly! There's really no other place like this! All you can eat for $22!!! I got the Szechuan spicy, original, and kimchi broth. The kimchi broth comes with dukbogi. Options were all very good. Very full. Staff speaks Chinese. You don't interact with them much. Only when you need to order more and need more water with you pot. Food comes out instantaneously! Love it! Was too full to get the free ice cream. I will come back for sure for the dessert!Yum! The food here is authentic and tasty, not to mention affordable! It can get very busy on weekends, so be prepared to wait for a while (one Saturday I waited for over an hour) but totally worth it! My favorite dish so far has been the beef tongue for korean bbq. If you want a more low-key experience come on a week night with your friends. Make sure you get the free ice cream with check-in!After another disappointed spot here in Philly, I can't trust yelp ppl here anymore. This place only got a 3 star bc of the great service. The marinated meat was not flavorful at all..the tofu was not fresh and last..the side dishes was blah!Had dinner tonight for my birthday 
Food was pretty good
It was nice here
They give free hotpot and bbq for the birthday person...sweet!
And free ice cream ohhh my sweet toothWe just left this overly priced restaurant. My husband and I both ordered the kbbq w/hot pots. Lets just say that my 5 year old could have made better noodles. What a let down!!!!  The service was absolutely horrific!!!!!!  This is one time that I actually wish that I could get a refund. The food was mediocre to say the least. Honestly,  the best part of this experience was watching how pretty eveything looked while coming out. However, from the moment that we took our first bite we knew that we wasted our money. Meanwhile,  my husband and I requested more kbbq after finishing up our soup,  and were told that we would be charged a 20% charge if we wasted anything.  Our waitress informed us of this policy after we started eating. Although,  a small sign was posted within our booth. By this being our first time,  neither of us thought to read it. In addition,  we got little to no instruction when first arriving,  as that would have been the proper time to establish any and all policies.  At that point,  we were completely turned off from everything that this place had to offer.  Towards the end,  our waitress brought us our check,  and informed my husband of the minimal gratuity that we should pay...  What nerve!!!!!!!  I am happy to say that we walked without tipping anything..  For gods sake,  we payed enough for this trashy service. 
Oh yeah,  I almost forgot,  the Pancake was the best thing they had to offer. Everything else was bull****!!!!!!!! 
* Way too much oil in spicy broth for noodles
* Food was very bland
* Husband was sweating due to poor ventilation
* Cheap cuts of meat
* Horrible Service.. Not too friendly!! 
*Horrible dessert
* Not worth the pricereally good hotpot! Meat there is very fresh! AYCE for hotpot only 22.99 per person, and you almost can try all kinds of 丸子 there. And I really like the peanuts in sidedish there.
I only try the hotpot there, next time I will try BBQ!ALL YOU CAN (M)EAT.
I've been waiting for this place to open and it did not disappoint.
We opted for the Hot Pot and the Korean BBQ combo ($31, just Hot Pot is $21.99, just Korean BBQ is $26.99). We ordered a TON of food- It was overwhelming. Meat coming at you from every angle, vegetable plates piled high with greens, and steaming broth basically giving you a facial. WE WERE SO PSYCHED.
Here are some tips so you don't get overwhelmed:
-Ask for separate bills. (I think they take all cards).
-BYOB (!!)
-They take reservations. Make one. This place is hot and awesome.
-If you're debating between hot pot and BBQ, go for the hot pot.
Hot Pot/Shabu Shabu
-Everyone can get a personal broth bowl, and you can have a giant bowl to share. We really liked the spicy, pork bone, and kimchi broth(comes with thinly sliced ricecake). They also have tomato and original.
-The vegetables came in a giant plate, put them in the broth, get rid of the plate, and don't forget them, mushy veggies are gross.
-Ramen- see above.
-Beef and Lamb come in those thinly sliced things, just a few dips and they're ready. Shabu Shabu means swish swish after all, That's all it takes to cook these.
-Chicken and Pork come in bigger chunks, put them in the kimchi broth.
-Shrimp comes with the shell on, not sure it's worth the work of getting the shell off for a small shrimp.
-If one of your friends suggests fishballs,be warned, they are really hard to grab with chopsticks, and there are definitely a few that bounced around/ended up on the floor.
-Ask for bowls. Slurp that broth up.
-Ask for tongs/extra chopsticks so you don't touch the raw meat with your chopsticks.
-Take the waiters up on their constant offers to switch out your plate.
-Hit the sauce station. Hard. Make several combos. A spicy one, a peanut sesame, a bbq sauce. All the sauces.
Korean BBQ
-The seafood pancake was just a pancake. Don't expect seafood. It was good though.
-Prawns come head on, and are pretty big.
-Short ribs are GOOD.
-Duck and Lamb were also excellent.
-The funnest part of Korean BBQ is the bonchon, their sides were pretty sad (edamame, pickled radish and carrot, seaweed salad, peanuts, kimchi, meh).
-The waiters will take care of cooking this all for you, just hand them your plate and collect perfectly cooked, cut up meat. Kevin was the best.
-They give you a GIANT basket of lettuce for lettuce wraps for the meat.
They give you oranges and melon after.
Some downsides: The limited size of my stomach. There was a drip in the ceiling, luckily it wasn't over any food. The waiters are really relieved when people speak Chinese, speak clearly and point to things on the menu to avoid miscommunication. 
The place has a great ambiance. It's mostly big tables with benches, and we comfortably fit 6 (even after eating all that).
Go here now.The individual hot pots are fun and the food is tasty. There was a long wait for a table so one less star. Our server, Danny, is very awesome and a good sport!Very good! We will come back soon. We really enjoy the food here. Great service, sweat and cute attendant!What can I say when you get free meal on birthday which has so much to offer? We did both hot pot and BBQ and literally came out with full stomach. The materials for hot pot are very fresh and well prepared. Sauces are self-served like you had when back in China. BBQ will easily get you full but still the stuff have good quality. Don't forget the dessert on sauce bar ( a kind of fruit congee), pairs perfectly after a meaty feast;). You can even get a free ice-cream if check-in on Yelp of fb. service is impeccable as well. Can't wait for a next visit!This place is awesome, one of the more affordable Korean bbq options especially if you want to try little bit of everything (which is great for anyone new to Korean bbq!). You eat for FREE on your birthday which is insane but really made us appreciate their dedication to customer service. I've been here a few times now and every time I come back my experience is better and better. If you're coming after 7pm fri-sun, expect to wait between 30 min to an hour. It's better to call a day in advance to make a reservation; we made the mistake of not calling and ended up waiting an hour and a half to be seated (but it was honestly worth it). The waiters are always so helpful in explaining anything you're uncertain of, what their favorite picks are, and what items are most popular - so don't worry if you're planning to try Korean bbq for the first time. So far my favorites are the pork bone hot pot with veggies and beef tendon meatballs, and for the grill Id say go for anything marinated! I'm not huge on seafood but I do love scallion pancakes so I tried the seafood pancake and it was delicious, just don't skimp on the sauce because that's what makes it so good!After reading the amazing reviews, I was pumped to go to this restaurant. So I took my friends for my birthday dinner. Pros: we made a reservation , they had us in a private space and it was quite. Cons: our waiter was not helpful or friendly. It was our first time there and would have been happy to have some pointers or helpful tips, but nothing! He just stood there frowning and looking upset. It made our experience tense and not enjoyable. I wouldn't go back thereHaving a bday dinner! Thank nine ting! So fillin and delicious on a hot ass day. Worth it!Make sure you make a reservation or you'll be waiting a while.  They offer free dinner for your birthday.  They have a good selection of sauces.  The meat selection is small though and slow to come out.  They frequently forgot what we ordered.If you are a hotpot fan on a budget, NT (Nine Ting) is a good choice not only for its price also it's selection. And if it happens to your birthday you dine free (well you got to bring your friends :) in order to qualify and hv your ID ready).
Ingredients are fresh and there are a few soup bases to choose from. Service depends on your server and call ahead before you head down so you wouldn't be waiting forever.Great place to enjoy meals with loved ones. You get what you pay for and will definitely leave satisfied. With a large selection to choose from for your hot pot or bbq, 9ting offers both quantity and quality to your feast . Highly recommend.never never g back again.0star for service and no respect，just because ur bday free. the lady so unfriendly. and special be careful u check,they may change u more money. and if u find they ll so rule.unbelievable how people g this shit restaurant again.Absolutely horrendous in terms of meat quality. That is not korean BBQ to say the least at all. The kalbi was def beef soaked in baking soda or something, it tasted so incredibly off. Why does on need twenty different sauces when no one ever uses these things in korean BBQ? Is it to cover up the bad taste? I think so. Don't come here, walk around China town and enjoy something else carol.Food was good and filling  this place is great for family dinner! Tables are spacious and there is enough elbow space for easy time eating. Kid friendly too. Good ice cream for dessert.Amazing food and even better service! This is the best Korean BBQ in all of Philly. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.Just to be up front this is a review on the "Korean" BBQ alone. I thought for the price it was fairly decent however I would much rather to go Kim's or somewhere else if I actually wanted real Korean BBQ. The AYCE aspect of it was enticing but it wasn't real Korean BBQ. The hotpot looked great an if you want to gorge yourself definitely come to this place but if you are looking for great Korean BBQ maybe visit elsewhere.Nine ting is great! I recommend the hot pot over the kbbq. The ingredients are solid and they redid their menu so ordering is easier. I come with a decent party and we always leave satisfied.I went here once when they just opened. I tried the BBQ, and it was a bit disappointing. I felt like it's just straight up meat without any taste. I didn't try the Hot Pot but people said it's better. I may ask my friends to see if they improved the BBQ so I can give them another try lol.Plenty of food better then the first time. Grill died previously but I'll overlook. Food came out promptly. Favorite thing to order was the marinated steak. Overall I am very satisfied with my visit.Yes, Nine Ting is indeed all-you-can-eat (only option, there is no a la carte menu). However, the quality and taste of the food is truly quite poor.
First, my thoughts on the Korean BBQ -
Let's be real, a Chinese restaurant owned by only Chinese-speaking people makes for pretty bad Korean BBQ. The meat is not marinated in a Korean style (or marinated at all, if we're honest..). There are a lot of different meat options, but none of them that is flavored well or with any adequate Korean sauces (gochujang, ssamchang, etc.) The best part of the meal was when we continuously ordered BBQ Beef Short Ribs (Korean Galbi), and we were constantly given pork short ribs... (Chinese Pai Gu). We kept on telling the server that we didn't order pork, and wanted the beef short ribs - only on the last round of our meal were we given the beef short ribs. If the employee can't tell the difference between pork and beef for a BBQ restaurant, I think you're in trouble. (Sidenote: Our party could speak English, Cantonese, Taishanese and Mandarin altogether, so language wasn't the issue this time). 
Now onto the hot pot -
My standards have increased significantly with the latest hot pot additions to Chinatown (Simply Shabu, Hippot Shabu), so this review would be in comparison to those two hot pot/shabu restaurants. Nine Ting would be considered to be more cost-efficient than the two a la carte shabu restaurants, albeit at the cost of quality. The vegetable options were lacking, and the broth was just adequate. At the all-you-can-eat cost for shabu ($25 w/ tip/tax), I would rather walk down a block and pick up the ingredients to cook at home. 
Atmosphere -
Restaurant is large and spacious, but the booths were poorly thought out as I had to move out for my server to refill my pot with broth. Although the server our table had was very friendly, the other servers that came around could not speak any English and just seemed confused whenever we asked them for more food. Overall, unless Nine Ting makes some radical changes, I won't be coming back any time soon.Really good food with great service too. Already here for couple times always enjoy itI wanted to like this place so much since I had seen such rave reviews about it. Alas, it was mediocrity at its finest.
Where they excelled: All you can eat Korean BBQ! Nice array of items to choose from to put on the grill, Spice bar with at least 20 different selections of sauces and powered condiments, and comfortable seating arrangements.
Mediocrity: Customer Service. For me, this absolutely makes or breaks a restaurant.My server was very inattentive and didn't seem intetested in making sure everything was set up appropriately. This ranged from allowing the BBQ grill to burn endlessly,  (I eventually cut it off myself ), to not putting rice on the table (I had to ask for it after my 2nd serving of prime rib).
She did feign interest once it was almost time for me to leave. However, my heart was already soured somewhat by the experience. 
I did however tip 20% as I was not going to let this encounter discredit the entire restaurant- and my birthday.Great deal for the price that you pay. They give you decent quality meat for the all you can eat option, on top of all the other side dishes that are available.So bland, and not even respective of today's accelerating sophistication of Korean cuisine in the US. Perhaps because the food isn't even authentic Korean... or BBQ! Very expensive for what you get. This is coming from someone who will gladly throw down if the food is prepared with love. Last straw was the terribly crude service. I have never met a ruder and more unprofessional waiter/waitress in my life, seriously. I was so embarrassed for bringing my family here after talking up the culinary adventures to expect during their visit. The manager literally stepped in and starting taking care of our table because one can only take so much eye-rolling, dismissiveness, and finally berating from the waitress.
NOT RECOMMENDED. Save China Town and oust them.Great all you can eat Korean BBQ in Chinatown. Another great perk is you can eat for free on your birthday. Will definitely be coming back here again.Great selection of meats and veggies for the hot pot. Pig bone is definitely my favorite! Service is also a plus so give them a try!Food is subpar. The tomato broth I ordered for the hot pot smells like aged old lard. Service is nearly to none.Second time here, first time was disappointed at the Korean BBQ cause the flavors weren't there. but this time we chose to just do the hot pot and I really enjoyed it. We got the sliced beef, bunch of vegetables, tofu, udon and the instant noodles. Everything seemed fresh and I enjoyed it. Would come back again.Good food, great taste and fantastic service! And it's free when it's your birthday. Plus, I think BBQ is better!Went here on a whim with some friends. Overall really really good. Didn't know how to make great use of the sauce bar but we tried. Overall really great!This place was horrible. We opted for the "Korean" BBQ option and in no way was it Korean BBQ. The food all tasted the same. If they're going to market it as Korean BBQ, they could have at least tried to learn some true Korean marinade recipes! Everything was salty and tasted like cumin. That's as complex as the flavors got. Save your money go somewhere else or try their hot pot for cheaper. It seemed like that would have been the better option. 
Overall, we were really disappointed with our meal. We ate our money's worth and in the end were full but not satisfied. Not at all. This was just BAD.So yummy! So Asian. We get a free meal on your birthday! There's so much food and it's all good. All you can eat at a great price. Great service and I would definitely come back again. The manager is the best!This place lacks variety. If you want variety, this is not the place for you. It is very pricey and they charge you for food you ordered but did not finish. A majority of the staff was helpful and friendly but one employee, a tall Asian man was very rude. When I was ordering, I could tell he did not want to take my order. I was very disappointed after my visit here. Do not plan on coming again.This place was fantastic. Right on the edge of Chinatown you would not expect to find a place that is this nice and aesthetically elegant. They had a wide variety of food and we were happy that the waiter offered to cook some of it, because we were unsure of how long to leave seafood on for. We were there for a very long time talking but the staff was continuously friendly and did not pressure us to leave. My friend even got a chance to talk to the owner who happily sat with us and told us about the imported bricks and why the bbq did not produce much smoke like other similar restaurants. I plan to come back with my family so they can experience authentic chinese/korean food in a restaurant setting as well.Clean place. Plenty of food. AYCE BBQ and hot pot. 2nd time here. Free dinner for the birthday person as well, you gotta show ID though and write a review in front of them standing next to you.. Felt awkward because you have to show the review to the manager as well. Good discount considering the price. Some meats tasted a little awkward but edible.Pretty good. Probably the best korean bbq I've had in the Philly area for sure.
The waiters were attentive and brought us water,
Food and cleaned up when we asked.
The building all around is very nice especially the bathrooms.
We did BBQ only, no hotpot, not too into hotpot personally but I liked the various options we got here, the meats were hit or miss. I enjoyed the short ribs the most. We did have issues getting certain things to cook fully, such as the corn and chicken, but Not sure why. We ended up turning the grill on higher, that made a difference slightly.
My bf had never done self grilling kbbq before, so I think this was a good first experience for him.
Only negative review would be that the spices section was a little dirty and the containers needed to be refilled, but otherwise the items tasted fresh.
Anyway, the meat is flavorful and the other sides were good as well. All you can eat but you have a time limit of 2 hrs.. The place is rather small and big parties do come in often..
Oh, also a 20% surcharge if you dont eat all that you order so think about that!It's my birthday!!!  I decided to do Korean BBQ for the 1st time by trying Nine Ting.  Located in China town, the restaurant is really nice.  Surprisingly so, it is very modern on the inside.
We got a variety of meats.  I loved the beef items and the shrimp.   I wasn't the biggest fan of the chicken.  
The Seaweed Salad was amazing!  I could eat an entire bowl of that.  It's a really good time and worth a try!  Again, this was my first time, so I didn't really have anything to compare it to.  I'd come back though!Food was nice, price are decent. Compare to other hot pot place, the price is not that expensive. The BBQ is also delicious! I am not a huge fan of their sauce. However, some of the waitress are extremely rude!!!!Great food and service. Highly recommended. Free meal on your birthday and free ice cream with Yelp check in.My favorite hotpot restaurant in the town! Nice food and awesome service. Perfect place for friends gathering. We have been here many times, no where else we can find more authentic hotpot place and nice environment like here. Highly recommended!Hot pot is not expensive but really delicious! better than I used to expected! Wooooooooooooooooooooooow!Never before have I've been more appalled by the lack of service and apparent disrespect towards customers!
 Earlier today, at noon, I had phoned in to make a reservation for 10 guests at 6 pm. I was informed by the person answering the phone that they "do not take reservations" and that the business would address and seat guest "at the time of visit". At 6:30 pm, most of  our party had arrived and while we were waiting in the entryway, the manager (guy with glasses) told us that if we wanted the area that could accommodate our party (10), then we would have to "end our dinner by 8pm!" Otherwise he would have to seat our party at 2 super ate tables in the rear. Uncomfortable, of the feeling that we would be rushed to dine (Who likes that?) And  given the fact that we have not even been seated yet, I took offense. Disgruntled, I confronted the manager on why we would have to end the dinner by 8 pm? He replied "that there was a reservation at 8pm". So I rebutted "that could not be true because when I tried to make reservations earlier in the day, I was told that they "do not take reservations" and that a party "would only be seated once they arrived".  It didn't make sense to me that they would have a reservation when I was told otherwise by the telephone just 6 hours earlier. This was an obvious contradiction.  I asked "what the policy was", and he replied that "they would not take reservations for the same day", but that they would take reservations "if they were made sooner" Given the ambiguity of the response, I probed further and ask "how much sooner"? To which, he replied "...days earlier." So which I probed further and asked "how many days earlier?" To which he replied "1 day earlier". Assuming that that is the policy, I further asked "Who makes up that policy?" because it sounded at best a fallacy, and ridiculous because what business in the right mind would take a reservation a day before and not one on the same day? His response was "The owner".  So..."The owner of Nine Ting declines reservations, but will callously tell you that your dinner would have to end at a certain time even before you are seated because they have reservations for your table, which were made the day before?!" To say the least, I was sincerely offended. When seven of our 10 guests arrived, we left and chose to spend our money else where, at another restaurant.  I refuse to spend our hard earned income at a venue that chooses to marginalize their patrons. Chinatown has many dining options and even more venues who appreciate your patronism. This IS NOT ONE OF THEM. I refuse to spend even a cent of my income or allow this discourtesy and expense towards anyone of my friends before they can hear of this incident. You and the people you care about deserve better.Cool and charming. We love hotpot especially in Nine Ting. It is always full of people having a lot of fun. We also tried BBQ and it was great.I recommend the BBQ over the Hot Pot, their marinade is delicious! But definitely try their hot pot too, try the pig brain if you looking for an adventure.Really nice place. 
Server/cook Kevin was great. Very insightful. Wanted us to sample all the variety before committing. 
Had a private room for 10 and the spacing was surprising roomy.
Food: nothing out of the ordinary in regards to bbq. It was good as long as you know how to make the sauces. Short ribs were juicy and flavorful. Everything else was good enough.
I think for $27, you definitely get your money's worth as long as you come hungry.Cool little korean BBQ spot. Large menu. Good marinated meats. They have a large sauce bar which is coolWhen one of my friends found a small caterpillar in their plate of veggies, the waitress' reaction was "okay...sorry so what do you want me to do about that?" That's a reaction that you don't expect.
Aside from that scary experience, the food was mediocre. I tried the original soup base and thought there was too much MSG in it. The meat was not high quality (but I understand that given it's AYCE) and vegetables were not fresh.
We had a large group (about 13) and I do NOT recommend coming here with a large party. It is chaotic even trying to order. They brought out all the hot pot ingredients in huge plates and it felt so uncomfortable grabbing ingredients from across the large table.
As I was leaving, I noticed how much smoke was in the air from all the hot pot and BBQ. Definitely not well ventilated so you will smell like meat and broth. 
I definitely would not return.Eh...
I'm white, but typically, when I see a lot of white people in an Asian restaurant, it is a red flag for me and this one is no exception.
I thought the presentation of the food was nice and the staff was kind enough, but the broth was quite bland and I simply could not enjoy it. The restaurant appears to have different broths available, such as "spicy" and "herbal" options, but none of them were tasty enough to be their own individual broth. Everything was just "hot water," basically. So in order for any of the food to have even the slightest flavor, I needed to continuously go over the buffet-style "sauce bar" in the far-off corner of the restaurant so that I could soak the food in Korean BBQ sauce or soy sauce.
I didn't care for Nine Ting. I thought it was a Korean restaurant, but it turned out to be a "fushion" restaurant, offering Chinese, Korean, and perhaps even Japanese options (I didn't look for Japanese options, so I don't know for sure).
At any rate, I wouldn't go back. There's usually a long wait on weekends, but the wait's not worth it. And to make matters worse, the tables are extremely small so, when you're trying to put all of the different foodstuffs on the table at once so that you can dip them/throw them in the hotpot, it becomes a little cluttered and isn't so fun.
More elbow room and more flavor in the broth might improve this place somewhat, but I wasn't too impressed.Spider in the food! Not sanitary! Still had to pay the full price.
So here is what happened - I went there with my husband, and I was very excited. We got the hot pot and a large plate with food. After eating about half of it, I noticed a full sized dead spider under the food, it was quite graphic. I told the waiter, and the reply I got was: "I'm sorry about that. Would you like to order anything else?" Needless to say, no offer of at least cutting down the price of the spider meal. Also, if that's what's in the food, I can't imagine how sanitary the rest of their kitchen is. I didn't say anything, paid the full price, but needless to say I won't be going back there - the thought of it triggers my gag reflex.I never tried Shabu Shabu before and I will give the food a good review, price and service. I mean you can't go wrong with all you can eat for $30?! The only thing that was unsavory about this place is that the food you are left with you CAN'T TAKE OUT! and what was more disturbing is that the waitress and Managment informed us that our leftover food that we paid for would be thrown out in the garbage! so we had no choice. I was raised in Philadelphia and have seen the homeless population grow in recent years and shocked that restaurants don't have a system to feed the community that is in need. I decided to boycott this place because of this until they can revise their system and to give paying customers a choice to where there money goes.It was awesome and delicious. The hot pot was really good. There was plenty of food and the service was great. The food was very fresh and the price was worth it.Good place with good food and great customer service! Hot pot and BBQ all you can eat. Highly recommended!Food was delicious and wait staff was extremely accommodating. My mother discovered that she didn't like hot pot, and the waitress went far out of her way to make the best of it. We really appreciate her patience and will definitely be coming back for hot pot or barbeque in the future. I like that!I went to have dinner with my family. Very good. It has a lot of choices and the food is very fresh. The service is ok, and little expensive than I expected. Will come back soonI really wanted to like this place and was super excited to go here. I mean who doesnt love all you can eat hot pot AND korean bbq!? I would have given this place 3 or even 4 stars for the concept but the customer service here was pretty bad, to the point i'd give 2 stars. Getting the attention of one of the wait staff was a pain. We had to ask at least 3 times for refills for our drinks and at least 4 times for some noodles to add to our hot pot. Not only did it take constant badgering to get our food, they gave us the wrong items. 
The reason why I'm giving 1 star is because of the rudeness and unprofessional-ism of your staff. Just because our table spoke english doesnt mean we didnt understand the trash talk your waiter said in chinese...My friends and I were looking for a Korean BBQ place in Chinatown and stumbled upon this one. Beautiful atmosphere, very clean and the waiters who grill for you even wear gloves. Our food was delicious, we got the pork belly, lamb, marinated beef, curry chicken, and mini sausages. The waiter was extremely attentive while not being evasive and he grilled everything to perfection. He was very friendly and helpful in our decisions. Also ordered the seafood pancake and that was delicious as well. My recommendation, stay with the all you can eat BBQ price or you'll end up paying more than necessary. The price was worth it though and everything was amazing. A++Came here today for my birthday... the meal was great! We ordered bbq for 5, and hot pot for 2. Everything was delicious, especially the short ribs and lamb. The seafood pancake and curry chicken were our favorites!
The service was friendly and very timely. Also, bonus points that it turned out to be a byob!
We will be back again, for sure....I've been twice and both times were amazing. I've only gotten the BBQ option not the hot pot. The first time was great but our server the second time really raised the experience with personally helping us in terms of cook times for the meat and what to select to get the optimal experience. I think between my wife and myself we have tried the wide variety of meats they offered for bbqing. The make your own sauce station is also great.  Would highly recommend getting there early as it can be packed and may require your 30-1 HR long wait.Very nice staff, attentive. Unfortunately I don't eat meat and two different waiters said none of the broths are vegetarian. The waiter said, "This is not the restaurant to eat at if you're vegetarian."it serves buffett-style hot pot and korean bbq. You can choose either hot pot or korean bbq. And with some additional few dollars, you can have both, We only tried hot pot as I have a high school wrestler with me who need to watch out for his weight.This place is at par with little sheep hot pot in Flushing, NY with regards to taste and variety, Service is great .This place get very crowded after 5pm. The sign says you have a time limit of 2 hours to finish your buffet but I doubt they really enforce it.