This place was really cool, we walked up upstairs and sat at the bar. We just went for the beer so we got 5 tasters, which was all of their beer. She have us wine glasses of each one, it was nice. The bartender was really nice and made you feel comfortable. I'm sorry I don't know how much we paid for the tasters but my boyfriend was happy when we walked out so give it a try. I liked 3/5 beers that we tasted, I like less hoppy so there's a chance the other 2 were just too hoppy for me. I'm not sure if I'll find myself in this area again but if I do, I'd go back.What the heck is with the attitude of some of the barstaff here?  I know it sucks being a server and I know hipsters are probably the most annoying people on the face of the universe, especially if they're beer snobs, but holy jesus, can you at least smile and act as if your customers aren't bothering you?  
Food is really good, and the drinks are inexpensive.   I recommend getting a table rather than sitting at the bar lest you be served by some sour face uber bitch.  
They've also got Irish John quizzo on Sundays which always makes for a fun time.Went for a quiet happy hour on monday and had quite a nice time. The female bartender was really cool and kept our glasses full. They brew their own beer and I felt they were hit or miss, nothing really stood out to me.
4 dollar fried Mac and cheese balls were also a nice happy hour addition.
Decor needs to be updated as well as their dart boards.
All in all I would go back again.For me the layout of the bar did not work.  Was seated in the back near a dark exit (to the  kitchen?).  The food and the beer were OK, and it did not have that extra edge needed to get into the four star range in my book.Stopped in for brunch and a beer on Sunday. Sat at the bar; bartender was friendly, and quick with the fresh pints. On cask was a boring, flavorless amber (depressing... beer engines deserve better), but the hop harvest ale was a solid, citrusy pleasure. To go with my liquid brunch, I selected the steak and eggs. Steak came out overdone, but not to the point where I felt compelled to complain. It was still acceptable. Eggs were good, nicely poached. Menu indicated there would be oven roasted potatoes, but instead I got three little potato pancakes. No problem, they were fine, but this discrepancy went unmentioned.
Food was ok, beers ranged from pretty decent to fizzy water with the barest hint of malt. Wasn't even close to being blown away by anything, and was actually kind of pissed at a blurb on the beer menu. Something like (paraphrasing), "If you don't like your beer it isn't because we didn't brew it right, it's because you're stupid. No refunds." I guess I could understand if they had a huge number of townies sending back hoppy pale ales because they were expecting something like a Yuengling, but it's still annoying for a company to take the attitude that they are incapable of making mistakes. If I order an IPA and it tastes like butterscotch met hops, your beer is infected and I damn well better get a refund. It wouldn't be the first time I encountered a beer in a brewery that had gone south.This place might be slightly overrated: the food was great but my brown ale was just OKI really want to like this place, but both times that I was there left a bad taste in my mouth (this past Saturday, quite literally).
Having a brewery right in Center City seems ideal, but Nodding Head is anything but.
I stopped in here on a Wednesday evening for a drink and despite having hardly any customers the service was at a snail's pace. This would have been somewhat acceptable had the bartender been at least a little interested in being there, as opposed to him being dismissive and aloof. 
Never wanting to simply judge an establishment after a single visit, my friends and I ventured here again on Saturday night (26 January) and just like my previous experience, the service was atrocious. However, that wasn't all, we were given a menu with only three available beers (one of them no longer being served) and the beer that I did order, a stout of some sort, was warm and a bit rancid. At least I got what I ordered, the server completely screwed up my friend's drink, bringing him back something completely different than what he asked for. Granted, this was after waiting five minutes to be acknowledged and then another ten minutes for the drinks to arrive (it was not crowded when we were there).
After finishing our incorrect and horribly tasting drinks, we couldn't find our server to pay the tab, so we just left money on the table and got the hell out of there. Needless to say, while the novelty of having a brewery in Center City is obviously appealing, both the service and the actual product at Nodding Head are pretty terrible and I wouldn't recommend anyone going there for anything.So, I'm in between on a 3 vs. 4 stars. I was there for a happy hour last night. The service, the drinks, and the food was good. We got a bunch of apps, since there was a large group. The potato pancakes and the mussels were probably my favs. I'd def go back...A short beer list and the quality was average. I expected a wide range of selections, but many were of similar flavor and taste. Maybe it was the time of year, but I had hoped for more from a brewery!
In general, the prices were reasonable. The food was delish for what I ordered (a French dip sandwich) and the portion was perfect (not too much but not too little). The french fry dipping sauce was awesome, but the waiter was not willing to let me in on the secret ingredients. Nevertheless it was a great meal! I enjoyed the night overall. The ambiance is college-age and young professionals, so I didn't feel too out of place. The restaurant is dark, though, and can get quite loud. Not a place to go if you're looking for an intimate setting to talk.Stopped here briefly during a bar crawl. If you're not someone who is into craft beers and trying new things, then Nodding Head probably isn't for you. It's awesome to see a place hand you a list of six options to pick from. They can do that considering they brew their own stuff in-house. They had a German day this past Saturday as well as a couple incarnations from Iron Hill locations in the area. The in-house version  was tasty. A look at the bobble head case is obviously a must. If you think you have one that might interest the owner, ask for Gordon. He'll trade you some beer for one if it's good enough. Also got a little tour of their mini-brewery. It was awesome.Not one, but two Monkey Knife Fights later it was solidified that I'm a big fan of Nodding Head. Add to that the bowl of Chili (delicious) I had and how happy my friend was that we stumbled onto Samson in the first place in the afternoon- we were very very pleased. Although our goal was to find a good happy hour (which theirs is non-existent), the price reflects what you get ten fold. 
I have to go back and try the new beers on tap and explore the menu more, so until then i'm holding back a star.I'm boycotting this place.  The food is delicious, the beer is out of this world crazy amazing, and it's a cool environment.  All these enticements inevitably lead to me taking a sip of Grog, upon which I have about 2 hours and 38 minutes before my body does a complete shut down from which I will not recover for at least four hours.  
Imagine, you're at happy hour, getting ready for a long night, when all of a sudden you're hit with a elephant tranquilizer and it's all you can do to crawl home before the chemicals hit your frontal lobe. No amount of deliciousness is worth the loss of a perfectly good night.
I'll never do that again.  
But... the food and beer... it's sooo good....  No! I can't!!!  It's so good!! Help!!! No!  I must have some!  Aghhhh!!!!!
(This post was written before sleep)I usually have a good experience here. Great place to eat if you wanna go somewhere relaxed and casual.Nodding Head is a fun place to go in a big group, since there is a decent amount of room as Center City bars go.  I didn't get any food, but my friends said what they had was good.great beer selection, nice folks, always willing to engage with out of towners.  unbelievable collection of bobbing head dolls.  even the tap handles are shaped like nodding heads.  thanks guys for being there for this west coaster on my first night in town, when I can't get to sleep.While the food was decent, I don't really want to even comment on that.  I read ahead that other Yelpers said the service was lousy here, but I didn't want to prejudge.  I was happy to try it with a group I meet with once a month as we're looking for a new venue.  
I'll be honest, I will never be back here again.  From being rude about questions to VERY slow service (we waited almost half an hour for the check and had a basically non-existent server) to rudeness when a friend asked them to add something to her margarita since it tasted off, our group of 5-6 left with a bitter taste in our mouths and a group decision to hold our monthly meetups elsewhere.  Too bad, we tip well, order a lot and are generally easy to please.  But we'll find a better place that will appreciate our business and just have basic customer service skills.Their double decker burger and fries were delicious.  I was literally scouring my plate for crumbs that I could eat off it.   The jambalaya is amazing.
The beers here are ok, but not my favorite considering this is a place that makes their own.  Mixed drinks should definitely be sought out elsewhere and the service is incredibly frazzled.
But I love the atmosphere here, the booths are great for groups, and overall the prices were really reasonable.I have always thoroughly enjoyed the Nodding Head when I have visited; they have an excellent beer selection. Favorites include the Rufus, the 60 Shilling, and the Grog. The atmosphere is charming and publike, with a wide assortment of bobble heads on display to reinforce their name. For the most part it's a rather low key bar, good for drinks with friends and some really award-worthy desserts.
I am the sort of person that prefers to sit at the bar wherever I go, and this is unfortunately where I can't give a full rating to them. The bartender that has attended me and my friends the past several times I have gone has been so gruff and unfriendly. She acted irritated every time we tried to get her attention to order drinks, and completely ignored us for at least the first ten minutes. I'm a very understanding person in that I'll write off someone having a bad night, but since the past three times I've gone she's continued to be uninterested in our business, I have to decide it's simply bad service. It helps no one to be off-putting and dismissive to customers, particularly ones that haven't even gotten a chance to get a drink.Nothing hugely special. They have a fun quizzo night though.Hosting our monthly meet up .com brunch I chose this restaurant .We were warmly greet by the bar maid and then hostess.I gave my name and was told I had people waiting. . We were seated in the back away from the live jazz music so it made perfect background music  for conversation. Food: Wonderful I had the french toast  with Grand Marnier soaked apple. Top that off with a mimosa and you have  the start of a great Sunday . My party of about  12 had an array of  wonderful plated meals that were quickly devoured .One of the few places in this city that serves a decent Monte Cristo  My co-organizer was very pleased .it was one of the reasons  i chose to have our event here . Check out all the amusing  bobble heads in the show case as you  are leaving . Thank you to all the staff  for making our monthly brunch worth coming out in all  that heatMy parents, brothers, and I were staying in Center City for the weekend. We came to Nodding Head for a casual dinner on Friday night around 6:30pm. We walked upstairs and were seated immediately. I found our waiter to be very friendly and attentive. My dad had a Grog, which is a dark beer. Dark beers aren't my thing but I did enjoy the after taste of chocolate. My mom and I had a Solstice, which is a light, refreshing beer. To start we had the sampler. I suppose with a few more beers I could have enjoyed the platter of fried goodness. The fried mac n cheese was creamy and rich and the onion rings had a tasty batter. For dinner my dad had a meatloaf sandwich. The meatloaf had a hint of spice and the gravy was delicious, especially on the fries. My mom had the rasta man chicken sandwich. The sweet plantains and Spanish fries (fries with grilled onions and jalepeños) were a great compliment to the spicy, jerk chicken. My youngest brother had the pulled pork sandwich. It had a ton of meat on it and the potato wedges that were served with it were his favorite. My other brother and I had the Monk burger. The creamy blue cheese with the grilled, sweet leeks are delicious toppings on the moist burger. The seasoned fries however were what made my meal even better. They were cooked perfectly and were seasoned heavy handedly. Overall I found this place to have a great atmosphere. The dining room we were sitting in could have been a bit more lit, but that is my only complaint. When I stay in Philadelphia again I will come to Nodding Head for a beer and some delicious, wallet friendly food.Nodding Head is one of my most favorite bars anywhere. Delicious seasonal beers on tap -- I esp. like their Ich Bin Ein Berlinner Weisse, Harvest Ale, Saison, and 3C Extreme which are all brewed on the premises. They always have a great menu selection -- in particular their onion rings, ribs, mussels, and frittes are tremendous! Their wait staff are always attentive and courteous. I can't recommend this place enough. It is truly a gastropub jewel in the crown of Center City Philadelphia.Really great beer. Food was okay. Service was middling, but then they got their act together. Lots and lots of men on a weekday evening. It felt like the parties that my baby brother gave in Chicago after he graduated college. But this was not bad...
Prices were all reasonable. Crowd was more casual, business casual, or just plain casual urban. I went in DC business casual (dress/nice cardi) and stuck out like a sore thumb.Great little restaurant and craft brewery.  Service is a little slow for lunch... and the servers are jerkish about seating you if you're not eating (which is funny... because I'll buy way more in beer in an hour than most people will buy in food) - but it's still a favorite haunt of mine in the city.  
Being a brewer, the beer available are pretty much whatever they just kegged.  By far and away my favorite is the Grog - an earthy dark brown ale - which is what I reach for if I'm looking to set and talk for a bit.  If darker beers aren't your thing, I recommend 60 Shilling... an amber Scotish-style ale.  If you're a beer wuss and are wondering where the Miller Light is on the menu, order a BPA.  Oh - and if you're like me and love a good wheat beer, pray O-Tay is on the menu.  It's a rare appearance, but an awesome beer.
I don't go to Nodding Head for the food... although they have a descent burger.  Lately I've been getting the Jamaican Chicken sandwich off the bar menu... or the Brandini burger.  Only thing I'd warn against would be the french dip - which if is is actually famous I don't know what for.
I'm giving it four stars overall because of the beer.  It's be a two for food though - so aim in when you're looking for a happy hour or a late night drink.Liked the BPA beer and the mussels. Decor is dark bar but friendly. It's on the second floor so walk up is required. 
The harvest beer was delicious.Great brews, Great food. Son loved the bobblehead collection.  Left with a full belly for a very reasonable price.Okay food and okay microbrew.  Great ambiance.  It's always quiet and never too crowded so it's a great place for a date or to have a conversation with friends.Just might be my favorite bar in center city. Yep...it is. The food is good, the beer is even better, and the location is tucked away in a nice little spot. I had to laugh at the "steep death-trap stairs" that some comment on...they're only dangerous if you leave this place hammered (which just might happen, by the way).   The prices are fair, and the bartenders seem very cool too. I should definitely go to this place more often!I enjoyed my beer (700 level if i remember right). Food wasnt  bad either. Its a cute place to eat and have some drinks with friends!!Had dinner here recently for a business function and since I'm not a beer aficionado, I may not be the right guy to judge.  That said, I was not a an of the Picnic (cherry) and the one with ginger and lemongrass. Just not a fan.  The apps were pretty good.  Edamame was pretty good but the sauce served with it was too bitter.  Mac and cheese was smooth and great cheesy flavor.  Onion rings were crispy and fresh served with a nice creamy sauce.
Had the French dip and split a meatloaf sandwich with a friend. Both were good.  Loads of meat, fresh roll served with good fresh and crisp fries.  Not sure I'd go back but sounds like I may be in the minority...My parents were in town and I wanted them to experience some amazing beer/food.  After turning away from Monks due to an insane crowd, we sought out Nodding Head.
The beer selection is always on par, even if they only have about 6-7 types on draft at any given time.  My dad really enjoyed the Monkey Knife.  As for the food, my husband and I got the baked brie as an appetizer and it was superb.  My parents enjoyed the baked macaroni and loved every bite.
Our main courses were just okay.  I ordered the Happy Pig, pork with a fried egg on top.  I found the pork to be a bit cardboard-ish.  The wait staff brought everyone's food out except for my dad's, which was probably just forgotten.  The waitress took a beer off of his tab for his wait, which he really appreciated.  
Overall, my parents enjoyed the food and atmosphere, but as a resident Philadelphian, I've had better.  I probably wouldn't recommend this place for guests unless they just want a quick beer.  Or to partake in Sunday night quizzo.  You can definitely get better quality food elsewhere in this area.I just visited this place during my last visit to Philly...The place is on a 2nd floor and it's really old, looks untouch which I like....I apprepciate the originality of it....the music is good...good to hang, habve a few beers and chat...I loved the Grog beer with the baked brie with nuts and mango chutney....also the 60 chilling beer with the onions rings was so good...I wish I had this same place around my block in Guttenberg, NJ....I will go back next time I'm in Philly and I will try those wings that seem to have good reviews also...cool place.Where's the love? I'm surprised this doesn't have more 5-star reviews. Maybe us locals are just trying to keep it to ourselves?
I've never had a bad experience at Nodding Head. The beer brewed on-site is terrific, and you won't find it anywhere else. The food is consistently great. While it's no Food Network crazy chef fabuloso stuff, it's always been what I craved when I'm there. My favorite is the Cajun Chicken Sandwich. I absolutely love the honey mustard with it.
Last time I was there, one of the specials was a blackened tuna sandwich with blue cheese. It was astoundingly good. The tuna was so juicy and perfectly done, and the toppings just perfected the overall taste. I do maybe need to branch out and try some other dishes though. And I think I foresee a Sunday night quizzo outing for me and my friends soon.
One small tip for those of you who like your face without blood pouring out of it: don't walk in front of the dart boards during a game. I've never seen any actual blood here. But with the placement of the boards, it could easily happen. Maybe this is how Monkey Knife Fight got its name?I would give Nodding Head more stars if their service was better.  I love their food, beers and the general ambience of the restaurant however the past several times I went to eat there the waitstaff has been pretty rude. I even asked to have my food wrapped up and instead she put my dinner partner's plate on top of mine and walked away. No leftovers for me! Please check your attitude before you work in a customer service oriented job.stopped in to get a beer and a snack while in Philly. Good selection of beers and food. I had the hummus plate, was really good. The atmosphere is pleasant. If youre a sports fan they have tvs with all the games going on. Good place to route for your team, thats not the Phillies.I have been going to Nodding Head roughly 7 years now and I must admit I get the same thing everytime, The Muffaletta. I used to get it with frites, which are always tasty and they come with Monks Bourbon Mayo but I have since switched to the Bistro Salad per Alex the Bartenders recommedation. The Sandwich is always a  consistent. Warm, flavorful and just the right amount of each ingredient. I never tire of it. My lunch buddy this day got the ceasar and a side of frites which she said were both fantastic. The beer is always fresh and cold. The Berlinerweiss (woodruff syrup a must) is one of my all time favorite brews EVER. I recommend Nodding Head for the perfect midweek lunch. Hell I reccommend it for anytime. If only they had proper AC and it wasn't 157 degrees inside.Man I just got a gigantic craving for a serving of nuclear wings and a pint of freshly brewed Grog! Not the most comfortable of places in my opinion, their food and beverages do make up for it in the long. This is a definite spot to grab a bite and a pint, but wouldn't make plans to meet all my friends here for a long night of drinking. I also agree with Aaron, the staff could nod a lil more for dramatic effect,lol.I've lived in Philly for about a year, and I've been here now three times. I love this place. The beer is always great and the food is really awesome. The staff is friendly and laid back.Great beers, huge variety in food items, and a fantastic sandwich called the "loaded grill cheese" - which is a tasty pile of pulled pork and cheddar cheese on buttered toasted bread with a side of potato pancakes. 
Yum!Nine years ago when I was first introduced to Nodding Head, I would have given it 5+ stars. Sadly, as the years have passed, so has my affection for this place. 
The beer: Over the past 2/3 years (?) the beer has not been exactly spectacular. It still maintains the trademark flavor of all their beers, and they aren't bad, but there was a consistency the Grog and 60 Shilling had (and all the others - I've had most of them many times) that seems to be lacking in my past dozen or so visits. Whereas the beer used to be 8 or 9/10, it has become a 5 or 6/10. It's thin and not as flavorful - but still better than a lot of other brewers -- in short, I miss the Grog from the mid-00s.
The service: Wow. There used to be a couple of guys behind the bar that were always pleasant and even when the place was busy, you could get served cordially. I haven't seen any of them in a while - could be my bad luck on when I went in - or maybe they have moved on. The past few times there was a lady, who has been working there for quite a while, and each time her mood was more and more sour. I can handle a gruff barkeep - it's sometimes their only charm...just something about this lady that rubs me the wrong way....and apparently I'm not alone after reading the other comments. 
The last time I was there was an Eagles game on a Thursday (back in September...the 19th to be exact). I was not there for the Eagle's game....and neither was any one else for that matter. There was on table of folks talking to each other, ignoring the TV, one guy looking at the TV, and me and my girlfriend and friend (out for her birthday). The lady was rude, and was pretty aggressive with putting our drinks down on the bar...it was a weird tone to start the evening. The game was in halftime or commercial break or a timeout....i.e. it wasn't on - I went to the jukebox, put a dollar in, and the lady runs around the bar like the goddamn place was on fire and tells me I can't play the jukebox because people are trying to watch the game. I looked around the bar...at the one guy there for the game. I'm not saying my experience is more important than his - but, the way the lady bartender handled the situation was piss poor. I got the general vibe that this lady didn't want us, or anybody else to be there. To her credit, she gave me my dollar back, after I asked for it. 
The handful of times I sat at a table, the waiters have all been great. It's just that one lady.....I like to sit at the bar when I go out....I shan't be returning to hers.
Note to lady: if you don't want the jukebox played...turn it off for the game. Also, I'm sorry if something happened in your life that has left you perpetually grumpy.
The Food: The food is excellent. Never had anything that wasn't tasty. The menu is diverse enough to accommodate most people appetites. Nothing too fancy - just good, well presented food.
Atmosphere: Cool, dark - kind of divey, but not really. Good for brunch and lunch and dinner. Can get REAL loud at times....like shouting to be heard loud - but that has only been a few times, and on the weekend.
I wouldn't say to avoid this place - just don't sit at the bar, and while drinking one of their beers, close your eyes and imagine what it would be like if it was twice as good. Fare thee well, sweet, and dear Grog. I'll see you in my dreams.The beer selection was great... i really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars because of that reason but the food was nothing spectacular. The pomme frites were so so, the tuna fillet salad was a let down (the tuna was basically cooked through when asked for pan seared) and the jambalaya was disappointing. Go here for the beer & company.omg i had never had the chicken fingers until last night........they are delish! they come with some salad greens, just sprinkle some dressing on them when you finish!A clutch place to go if everywhere else is crammed on a Friday night. Food is appetizing and atmosphere is what you'd expect in a Philadelphia infill. The vegan stew is massive and filling, go with it if you're hungry.Not really sure of what to make of this place yet. Stopped in to try something different beer wise after a meal some where else. Neither of us cared for the beer we had (I think it was called 700 level?) and it was 5.50, so that was a total waste. Only reason I'm not giving a lower rating is because their food choices sound pretty good and I'd like to give them another try.This was a fun laid back spot! Beers are delicious and so is the food! I had a chicken finger sandwich with honey mustard and my boyfriend had the tuna sandwich. Both were served with fries that had a little old bay seasoning- crispy and delicious!!!!!!! I would have given it 5 stars but the service was a little slow. Other than that, try it out! :)Decent place to grab a beer. Friendly setting and good prices. Just watch the steep stairs on your way out.Steep exit death trap
Cool Bar tender, cooler bar
This is Deja Vu
I'm only giving three stars because I didn't have any food to review, only tried the one beer (60 Shilling is goooooood), and had next to no contact with staff. I will be back, I will try a different brew, and I will eat something. I liked this space.
The thing I liked most was the bar. Aaron pointed out that it is the type of bar I was expecting Monk's to have. Easy to "belly up" to this one. I also had the feeling of having been there before which was explained by Alexandra's post. The music was just loud enough to recognize a few favorites, so the vibe is conducive to conversation....or passing out standing up, but that's a different story ;)
Go here...and if you do let me know, I'll come join ya.I kind of have a thing for beer.  So while visiting my girlfriends college friends and her old stomping ground, she took me to a place we had over looked in our many trips to Philly.  Nodding Head.  
So the adventure for some lunch and some good beers was on! Nestalled up stairs and up a nice cozy (or cramped) hally way was a beatuful sight.  When we arrived at the top of the stairs we opted to sit a a high top table in the bar area.  Is there really any other way?  It had a nice view of the Brewery and a great looking bar.  We saw the Brewmaster walking around with his yellow slush boot on, doing a great job.  
I was recommended a Ruben, an I must say it was tasty.  It was served along with an amazing dipping sauce.  A Sauce I have had once since at Good Dog.  There food was great and so was their atmosphere.
I love their logo.  Happy little men with great big smiles selling me beer.  They wear nice little signs so I know what is on tap. But if you are not by the bar, directly above it is a nice long chalk board with all the current drafts and a beer list at your table with a nice description of their current beers.  
I drank the Grog and the Monkey Knife Fight, while my girlfriend had a 60 Shilling,  All three beers were great!  I wanted to drink them all, but we had more city to visit and more beer to drink, so off we went.
But Nodding Head remains on my radar and I will return.  If you enjoy a good micro and you are in the city, Nodding Head is a must.There is no service worse than a drunk bartender, unless he happens to be talking loudly to his colleague about sex in a half empty bar.
How can you give a brewery that stays open all legal hours any more than 1 star with such poor service? Many reviews note the poor service. I will briefly tell what happened to me.
I walked in late and sober after walking a friend to the subway. I wanted to have a beer and catch up with my emails. I had never been there before but a friend of mine who is a real "foodie" and whose tastes extend to beer and wine recommended it a while back. I ordered what i thought to be the hoppiest beer there: a "BPA". Then I turned took in the bar.
It was a scene of 20 some 20 somethings drinking beer out of unusually shaped glasses, the name of which I'm sure my foodie friend would know. The tv advertised a number to call about measlothelioma*sp. Two well dressed couples were playing darts casually against each other occasionally bouncing one dart off of the board and onto the floor. The rest of the twenty twenty-somethings sat in small groups around tables with two other men at the bar.
Then I heard my bartender ask a waiter wearing a gold necklace and "jorts""which of the men playing darts would you rather..."
~ I had better not go there but the waiter in jorts did answer "the bald muscular one" before returning the question.
Never having been there before I awkardly asked my bartender"is this a gay bar." Knowing exactly why I asked he said "this isn't a gay bar but he (jorts) is gay."
OMG too much information! No need to out your friends! A "no" would have sufficed.
I caught up on my email and some notes and at last call I asked my bartender to call me a cab. (This is where it gets bad.) He tells meit will take too long and I should "get out and start walking." I didnt understand his meaning said "please" and asked again for a cab. He then took my beer, my first, off of my coaster and change, and threw my beer away!
 If its not for the general atmosphere, why not save that conversation for after work when on the other side of the bar (and the rounds of whisky shots too while you're at it.) And when your customer asks you call him a cab at 1:45AM please do.
There is no service worse than a drunk bartender talking loudly about sex with his colleague.I am less impressed every time I go here. I think it was the first brewery restaurant that I went to in Philly, so it was at the top of my list of pubs for a while; but now I think it is a big let-down whenever I end up there. 
First, it always smells like an old dishrag in the restaurant. My friend told me that is probably because of the beer brewing, but I'm not so sure; I feel like every time I sit down at a table, it was just wiped down with the last dishtowel on Earth. It is all I can smell. Not appetizing at all. 
Second, they really crap out on the vegetarian options. They just aren't good. The appetizers are OK (although the edamame is way too greasy), but the few meal options they have are sub-par. I've said it before and I'll say it again: roasted red peppers do not a vegetarian sandwich make. Every other restaurant I visit seems to have this in mind: "I know how to make a vegetarian sandwich! I'll take out the meat and put roasted red peppers there instead"! Please, please, PLEASE, spare me the roasted red peppers; They are gross. 
My final complaint is a new one for this place. I was there the other night, and intrigued by the offering of "house made caesar dressing," I ordered a caesar salad. The dressing was disgusting. It was like they just dumped a bottle of mayonnaise over a bed of lettuce. In case there are other cooks reading this: you DO NOT make caesar dressing with mayonnaise. Caesar dressing does have egg in it, yes, but that is not the same as mayonnaise.  Mayonnaise is not the quick solution to a good caesar dressing. Because of that, it was probably the worst caesar salad I had ever had. 
The only thing that redeems this place is the beer. So go there for Happy Hour, maybe order some fries and hummus dip, but avoid sitting at a "clean" table and get your meal someplace else.stumbled upon this one night looking for a decent beer. found it in the belgian chocolate stout! food was terrific, service was good even though the place was completely over-run by someone's rehearsal dinner. definitely on the list for a return visit.Eh. Beers left me cold. NO ambiance; just a big, empty room. Little bit of neat, old woodwork around the bar itself. Not sure what the reputation is about. Philly has WAY better eateries, pubs, brews, and otherwise impressive nooks, than this.No growlers for take home. :( 
I rate beer on a pint scale of 0-5 how many pints I could drink in a night. 
700 level (philadelphians get the reference) a "light" ipa. Bitter and hoppy like an ipa but not drastic. 2 pints. 
BPA (bill payer ale) hoppy and bitter. I don't like ipas so I'm not the best judge. 0 pints. 
Grog: session meets porter. Slightly sweet not too heavy. 2 pints.
George's fault: Belgian style with honey. Too sweet for my taste. 0 pints. 
O-tay: unique and different. Brewed with buckwheat. 2 pints. I can't even begin to describe it. Just come and try it.  
60 shilling: cask conditioned: ridiculously smooth but lacking in flavor. 1 pint.Good, but not great.  I would say the food and beer are average with less than normal selection
MANY types of Mussels which is pretty cool.  Definitly a cool stop but better places in the cityWhen I arrived, it was about 7pm, so it was just about empty with people grabbing early dinners, as well as some regulars at the bar. 
The atmosphere is fantastic. As my friends aptly described it, it is very much a "Philly" bar. Friendly, down-to-earth, and with great beer. I recommend the Monkey Knife Fight, which the three of us all enjoyedI REALLY enjoyed this place. Besides the over wearing of plaid at the young Republican/Frat party that was happening in the private room off the bar, it was a FABULOUS time. I went here with a group of 10 on a Saturday afternoon. We had wings and beer and played darts. 
The wings were scary and difficult to eat ( they were the Large, whole wing version) and they kind of grossed me out a bit. They were very tasty, but I don't like to see all parts of the wing in one. 
We got pitchers of their homemade Spring Ale and is was fantastic and only $13/ pitcher. My friends are still raving to this day about how it was possibly the best beer they have ever had.
The location was pretty cool too. It's located on the second floor and reminiscent of a pub where Ben Franklin may have come to ponder the future of our country over a pint. It's dark and weathered looking but that only adds charm. They also have huge U shaped booths which fit our entire party and allowed us all to converse.
If I was looking for a pub in Philly, this would be my first choice.I've been to Nodding Head twice now, once taking a business partner for a couple brews and a debrief after a massacre of a client meeting, and then last night for late night drunk food with fellow Yelper Michelle C. and her sister after the event at Helium, where I had like 6 Bud Lights.  Nodding Head is pretty well-known as a local microbrewery staple, lauded by self-described true brew heads as a destination for heavy and unique tasting oat soda.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I've been there when I was in the only table in the place, and I've been there when there's a full crowd at night, but both were on weekdays, so I can't speak to Nodding Head as a weekend spot.  It's gives just the kind of first impression you'd expect from a microbrewery, if not a little more earthly than most.  The clientelle and staff appear to be the kind of people who know their beer and come to Nodding Head for a reason, and that you wouldn't catch many of them dead in a chic martini lounge or wine & cheese bar...regardless, the mood feels jovial and welcoming.  Nodding Head can be a little inconspicuous if it's your first (or in my case, second) time, as it's accessed via a single door leading upstairs.  There is usually a sign there, but I completely missed it.
THE ATMOSPHERE/SERVICE:
Dark, very dark and warm, with all-wood furnishings, floors, etc., accented by the tall stainless steel brewing equipment.  The bathrooms are located in the center where the main brewery is implanted right in the center of the rear seating area, giving you the feeling that you really are drinking their beer in the middle of their brewery (a la Sam Adams commercials).  As I said, the clientelle appear to be pretty friendly, our waiter was able to accommodate us as relative brew newbs, so we all felt pretty comfortable.  I've been to other breweries where the staff was condescending and didn't do much to help us decide what to try, but in the case of Nodding Head, I feel they were just the opposite in both visits.
THE DRINKS/FOOD:
As mentioned earlier, most of Nodding Head's brews are pretty heavy, Grog and Monkey Knife Fight being the lightest, and Oatmeal Stout being on the heavier side.  Additionally, the menu gave no indication of their carrying other brews, which leads me to believe that they don't; even though I remember seeing a bar, I couldn't see if it was stocked with anything.  I got the Grog the first time, which was pretty good, a little heavy for my tastes, and the Monkey Knife Fight the second time.  Monkey Knife Fight is a bit clearer in my memory-- it is relatively light, with a heavy ginger flavor...definitely NOT the choice to compliment spicy foods, which is mostly what we had ordered, but it was still tasteful and enjoyable to me before we got our food.  The food was very good, although we only had appetizers-- the Pita w/ spicy hummus, a sampler platter, and their pub fries.  While the hummus didn't taste very home made, it wasn't bad, and the sampler and the fries were excellent-- I loved the texture and taste of the fries, with that spicy mayonnaise concoction they have for dipping (which I got to keep all to myself).  It was a little on the pricey side for some of the food, but I guess it was worth it.  Portions were very generous, and we all left feeling satiated.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
A cozy little microbrewery that is as tried-and-true to beer vets as it is accessible to brew newbies, they have good food and good heavy beer (if heavy beer is your thing), don't go there expecting to taste something you could try somewhere else, the flavors are unique and should be enjoyed and judged according to your palette and not your past experiences at other breweries.  Worth checking out for sure if you're curious!We only had the beer, which was ok.  The atmosphere was cool.  Laid back, kind of dark.  The beer selections were pretty good - all brewed there.  They were out of their especially strong one, which given the circumstances turned out to be a good thing.  There wasn't a ton of beer variety for a micro, which is why the 3 vs. 4 and prices were above average.  This is a good place to go afterwork I'd imagine and if you want to try some stronger flavorful beers its a good place.Good food (mac and cheese was a big and delicious appetizer) and friendly service.  Their beers are creative and fun - new recipes, stouts, IPAs and lighter brews - something for everyone to drink.  Also has liquor & wine.Nodding Head is a nice neighborhood bar with decent beer, but that's pretty much standard in Philadelphia. The worn decor just misses the dive bar mark and the disintegrating cushions could use a little attention. Service was fine, though not especially communicative (would have saved 15 minutes if we'd been told to order at the bar on arrival). Overall, nothing to write home about unless it's where all your friends go.Our hotel recommended this place and a few others nearby, after we arrived after driving for 10 hours from Toronto to Philadelphia. It was a Tuesday evening and it wasn't too busy which was great with us - we just wanted a few quiet beers and some snacks. 
We got placed near the back, in a narrow section leading to the kitchen I think - this seemed strange since there were many other tables nearer the front and others. Whatever...we were just happy to be there. 
We should have seen the red flag when on the beer menu it read: "If you are not pleased with one of our beers it is not because it is poorly brewed, but more accurately, not to your taste." Ouch. I can appreciate people taking pride in their products, but this just shows that there's some bitter attitude in the pint you're about to get. 
Of the 6 in-house beers brewed, 2 weren't available. I'm all for interesting brews, so I was happy to try something but my wife doesn't like strong-tasting beer so she asked what would be suitable for someone who likes Corona or Stella Artois. After being told that Corona "isn't a real beer" and that she was a "beginner beer drinker", he finally suggested one of the beers they have (they only serve the ones they brew...fair enough). He brought her a sample (probably the smallest sample I've ever seen btw) and it wasn't suitable at all (I tried it also, and it was really hoppy). 
She asked if there was anything else that might work, and instead of just saying that they only serve their type of beers and asking her if she'd like a coke or something else instead, the server starts condescendingly going on again about how she is an amateur drinker (she's in her 40s, so I'm pretty sure she's had enough time to figure out her palate preferences) and that she should even like beers like Guinness (a Stout...!) because the "colour doesn't affect the taste" and "the alcohol level is low".... Now, I like Guinness but if you know people who only like lagers, you know that they're not remotely interested in beers like Guinness. He suggested another one which wasn't anything like what we were looking for either, so that was that. 
Unfortunately, we never got to try what looked like some good vegetarian options and just paid for my beer (it was ok...nothing to justify the attitude) and left. We told the other person (the one who seated us) that we were leaving and why - and he offered to have us skip paying for the drink that I had, but I paid for it anyway and we left to go find some place that didn't feel the need to treat us like crap for our preferences. Fortunately, the rest of the trip to Philadelphia was great and most people we interacted with were pleasant and courteous as anyone seeking your custom should be.loved it, sign me up for nodding head summer camp. i don't think there really is such a thing but let me make it an official suggestion. not crowded (unfortunately). great jazz trio playing; they announced that they play sunday brunch too. loving the old church pews to sit in. there is a large dr. office type scale, not sure if patrons really want to eat and drink then see how much they weigh, but it was a talking point for sure. well loved dart boards that you don't have to play to use. staff friendly, didn't eat, but drank every beer they made and had on tap. we ordered some pints but go for their flight 8oz of each for inder $3.00 a glass. 
i'm not sure if the other posts here are submitted by craft, micro or even brew fans. i, ladies and gentlemen love it!
700 level
light bodied blonde ale with a soft hop finish (4.75% abv)...in celebration of the spirit of the departed vet's upper deck
we thought, very light, almost a chardonnay or riesling 
grog
english-style brown ale... malty with a medium body and hints of chocolate... makes for a great dark session beer
we thought it fantastic, kind of a molasses aura 
fisticuffs
golden hued ale (5.25%abv) with an aggressive hop character... it'll hit you right in the taste buds 
ha ha, can't remember what we thought
enigma (6.5% abv)..."dry hopped with coffee beans....a paradox in color, aroma and flavor
we thought, hello cup o joe
wet chinook double ipa (8.5 abv) a single hop variety double ipa brewed with fresh chinook hops and dry hopped with even more chinook...a citrusy, piney, resin laden annual treat
we were big fans, hoppy but not bitter
60 shilling (cask)
lighter scottish-style ale ale (4.75% abv)...amber and malty... sometimes there are not enough o's in smooth
we thought it was one of the favorites undertones of vanilla for usNodding head is a decent pub. Mostly as good as any decent pub.
I met some friends here. It's on the second floor. The beer prices were good. Nice crowd. Nice beer selection.
Place was clean. Not much stood out, good or bad.Really upset from my experience tonight. We normally meet here a lot for small meetings for our non-profit group and usually the staff is great and that is why we always return. Tonight (Monday) our small group (8 people) were to meet at 6pm. As usual, on a Monday night, it wasn't too crowded at all. Only one other table was taken and some people were standing at the bar. 
I was the second one to arrive from my group at 5:45. The first person who was there from our group called me over and I sat. We were sitting at probably the smallest table in the place even after my friend let the waitress know that we were expecting 6-10 people. The table was surrounded by buckets and bins because of a leak when there were better tables available. I didn't have a chance to look over the menu or beer list when the waitress came over and asked me what I wanted. I asked for a water for the moment since I hadn't looked at the menu and after walking a few blocks in the 90 degree heat, I was thirsty and water would have been great before ordering dinner and a drink. The waitress gets pissed, rolls her eyes and asks with an attitude, "are you guys going to order anything??" My colleague had only ordered a water as well, waiting for some other people to show before ordering. I inform the waitress I plan on ordering dinner. 
The waitress goes over to the bar, fills a pitcher with water, gets a few glasses and slams them on the table and says, "you let me know when you are ready to order something." From that point forward, not only was I scared to ask her for anything but she couldn't be bothered to wait on us. Some people in my party wanted to order food and more drinks but she maybe came over once to check on us. We didn't have enough chairs or seating for the group but we felt unwelcome to ask for different seating or anything at all. It was hard to even get a check. 
Overall, I like nodding head but tonight made me vow never to return. I'm pretty upset over my experience tonight. This waitress was extremely rude. I will never go back there and that's a shame.One word- muffaletta. Seriously, you'll feel like you are in New Orleans while eating it. Any of their brewed beers won't disappoint either. 
Very chill, relaxed place. No one really seems to have expectations of anyone or anything. And that's what makes it good.
They also have a nice weekend brunch.They bring in Jazz musicians to accompany.One of the better brewpubs I've been to, and I've been to alot.  They do not get as much credit as they should. If you like good beer, as in dog fish head, founders, russian river, and all them bad boys, you NEED to try their stuff, it's that simple.This was our first stop during our three day trip from DC.  We came to Philly for a long weekend/anniversary trip (since I had never been).  We stayed at an amazing hotel (Palomar) in the Rittenhouse area.  After we checked into the hotel, we went to Nodding Head because it was a local brewery and a very close walking distance to us.  
It was pretty divey.  Upon walking upstairs, we were met my a nice tall server asking if we wanted a table, and being bar people we are, decided we wanted to sit in the bar area.  He told us the surrounding tables were part of the bar and would be cared for by the bartender. We sat there for a while, and then decided since no one had greeted us since we sat down, to sit at the actual bar.  WOW.  I guess I am not used to Philadelphia people, boy was she...umm...how should I put this? Rude/harsh/annoyed.  She seemed a little rough around the edges, not the normal friendly bartenders we were used to in wonderful DC, but I guess I cannot fault her on her behavior since she is in Philly.  But, considering that is her job (Aimee), she could have been a little more...approachable.  Let us move on.
George ordered the nacho burger, which he said was good.  He ordered a beer and then a flight of the rest of the beers, which she seemed irritated by, like she has never done a flight before.  Very strange, since that is what we read by other reviewers is to order the beer flight.  But all in all, the beer was okay, most of them were very hoppy/IPA and weak.  I ordered a glass of wine because I was not in a beer mood. Meh.  We probably would not return to this place, even if we lived there.
Maybe you like it, but it was not our thing.Pros:
- Good fries (though not entirely identical to Monk's)
- Similar burger menu to Monk's, with veggie burgers as an option
- A couple of interesting vegan dishes on the menu.  Generally speaking, this is a good place to bring a party that includes both vegetarians and carnivores
Cons:
- Service, while usually pretty friendly, is sometimes quite slow
- Beer is very, very inconsistent to the degree that they used to (and perhaps still do) have a policy that there are no refunds or exchanges on beer purchases, no matter how much you hate it.  Avoid the green beer at all costs!
- Las cucarachas!  One time, I brought my brother here for lunch for his birthday.  We're sitting there, chatting away, when my brother brushes at something itching his leg.  It doesn't go away, so he shakes his leg hard, and the largest, reddest, hairiest cockroach that I have ever seen falls out of his pant leg.  Gah!  I guess it says something about Nodding Head (or me?) that I have returned here several times since that shudder-inducing incident.
Go for lunch or a beer, and watch your feet if you're sitting in a booth.i always like coming to this place when i come home to vi sit my parents.  nodding head = bobble heads, of which this place has an immense collection : )I've only been here a couple of times, once just to have a beer, and another time to grab a bite to eat.  For just the beer, it was fine.  The servers were friendly and the beer, something that they brew, was just fine.  The time I ate, I got a burger, but it was only so-so.  It was kind of blah and the roll that the burger came on was ginormous compared to the puny patty, so you mostly got roll, and very little burger.  I remember the fries being pretty decent.  I don't have anything bad to say about iNodding Head, but I don't have really have anything that great to say about it either. It was just eh.  Not really all that memorable. I won't be sad if I never go back to this place.I don't drink beer but I came to meet someone here. I ordered rum and coke. Service was nice. I went on a week night so it was pretty laid back until after 8pm when a large crowd came in. I was leaving around 9pm and it was def getting louder so figure more folks were showing up later. Glad I came earlier.
I ordered a sandwich. I wasn't too impressed with it. It was like french toast used to make a sandwich. The bread was too soggy and pretty much made me nauseated just thinking that perhaps the eggs didn't cook thru. I just ate half the sandwich and picked out the ham/turkey inside it.
I prob won't return because it's just not my scene. But if u like beer and that sorta atmosphere then it's prob a place for you.Do yourself a favor and (if you're not a vegetarian/vegan) order the strip steak sandwich. I hate to say this but OMG. Everything that I've tried here is great, from the spicy mussels to the vegan burger. 
The service can tend to lag sometimes but they're really busy any time I'm there so it's understandable. Wait time is never too long and if it is it's not too crowded at the bar, you can hang out there while you wait. They have a great beer selection, wine also if that's more to your liking.Can't really give the place a solid assessment just yet as I went here last night for drinks with co-workers. Cool laid back vibe, good HH pricing, food smelled delish, great crowd. I love the layout, too. One thing I love about moving back East - the awesome bars and old charm. I'll definitely check it out again....We ate here last night, it was our anniversary and we decided to blow a bunch of money at the Sugar House casino before hitting the town...that was okay, but we ended up spending our "nice restaurant money", but if we hadn't lost, we never would have found this place!
Nodding Head had some great craft beers on draft, I was a fan of their citrusy Spring Ale. We shared a charcuterie platter, which was modest but  tasty, and for under $10 it was a deal. We also got a pot of mussels and they were great, very tenderly cooked, we got the "Monk's" flavored ones with olives, leeks, and tomatoes. They come with pommes frites and they were delicious as well, they're served with jalepeno/bourbon mayonnaise mmm.
The inside was cozy, I think we'll returnVery good beers.  I loved the oatmeal stout.  The Nato Red might be good, but it definitely didn't pair well with our meals.  We shared a yummy appetizer of white beans and sage, which came with warm pita triangles.  The polenta puttanesca was great, sort of a lasagna made with polenta, mushroom, and tofu (but I couldn't tell it was tofu).  The fish in the fish & chips was fresh.  The fries were delicious.  The restaurant itself is dark, cozy, and a little classier than your average brewpub.
How did Fergie manage to create an empire of deliciousness?  
Tangent: Philly has amazing pub grub.  Even in the dingiest of dive pubs, the food is a notch above the good pubs in most cities.  Nodding Head would be considered upscale in other cities, but it manages to be unpretentious and comfortable to all types of people.
I'm getting so fat in this city....Well, let's just say I could write a more accurate review if the service here wasn't so bad that I've left before ordering on the past two visits. 
Most recently, we went around 8 PM on a Monday night and when we told the hostess we'd only be ordering drinks, she said we could seat ourselves, and began to walk away. She had to come back, however, and scold us for heading towards what she called the dinning room. She also reiterated that we would just have to take ourselves up to the bar and order when we were ready. Seriously, part of why you come to a place like this is to be served. Otherwise, we would have just bought a nice six pack and stayed at home. 
Hello people. It's the service industry. Thus, service can really make it or break it for you.Yeah, I'll say the beer here isn't good.  And I like beer a lot - any kind, really, including the batches that I've brewed myself - but this stuff just doesn't do it for me.  It just isn't tasty.  Not very good.
I don't know what else to say.  It was a let down.As someone who does not typically drink beer, I can attest that Monkey Knife Fight is a must-try.  All that this brewery has to offer is admittedly wasted on me, but I still enjoy the food and drinks offered here.
The atmosphere is lively and unassuming.  There are large booth tables perfect for groups and two-seater tables for intimate outings.  I like the high-top window tables, too.  Lighting is dim and music a few decibals higher than just background noise.  There are large tv's, too, so you can watch whatever game is on.  
I have had some of their basic vegetarian dishes including the hummus and white bean stew and was pretty satisfied.  This is a fine place to go for catching up, winding down, or getting the night started. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could, but it doesn't get 4 because service can be abrupt.For such a well-known Philadelphia brewpub, I was a little disappointed in the beers themselves.  I have to admit, the foodery has turned me into a bit of a "beer snob" but I tried 4 of their beers and didn't like any of them.  I sampled 2 ales, ordered an ale, and tasted my date's wheat beer also, so they had plenty of opportunity to impress my palate, but really didn't.  The beers were very similar in taste and the finish was sort of strange.  
The restaurant was fine, the service was ok, the crowd was great for a Friday night, but it didn't live up to my expectations.Great Mussels and Great Value. $10 for yummy mussels and a generous side of pomme frites? We tried the daily special Garlic/Butter Mussels and the Jerk Mussels. Very Flavorful !!! We also tried the Thai Chili Wings - but they were just deep fried regular wings drenched in some sweet sauce and soy. Waitress was moody but we didn't really care. The food was good.The beer wasn't the best I've had and not the worst. So much could be done with this place. It's just missing something.To start, you should know that Nodding Head brews their own beer.  They have won a number of awards for best brew pub in the city and about a dozen awards from beer festivals.  With that said, this is by far the worst beer I have ever tasted in my life.  
I have been here on one occasion for drinks and apps with a small group of friends.  Between 7 of us, we had each of the beers on draft and sampled them all.  Not one of us thought ANY of the beers were award winning or even tolerable.  Not one of us has gone back since.  It could have been the fact that all the glasses tasted like soap, but I'm pretty sure that the added flavors they seem to add to their beers is what killed it.  On the other hand, if you like fruit infused beer with too much yeast and a skunky after taste, you might be ok with this place.  Personally, I'm a big fan of Belgian ales and craft beers and have even brewed my own beer so I don't think my palate is too immature to know the difference between ok beer and skunky beer.I was here for a late Fri night dinner in the winter. I ordered a burger which was just OK, nothing special. The only reason why I will not return is because of the rude waitress we had.I really hope they find a new location and re-open.  This place has some of the best beers.  My only complaint is that they don't do take out for their beers (come on, guys, offer growlers!).  The food is always good, especially the mussels.  The service is usually quick and friendly.The Nodding Head is one of the favorite hang-outs for Temple grad students.  Whenever we can't decide where to go, my friends and I always end up there.  They've got great beer on tap, which they brew themselves and change seasonally.  The best one, of course, is "Monkey Knife Fight" (if only for the name), but they've got a lot to choose from, as well as some wine if you're not a beer person.  The food is also very good.  I often crave their spare ribs, but their other food is also very tasty.  I especially like a Caribbean-type sandwich that they make with chicken and plantains.  Their Belgian-style fries are also always a welcome addition to any meal.  The portion sizes are also extremely generous.  Check out their menu and what's on tap at www.noddinghead.com.
Aside from the reasonably-priced and delicious food and alcohol, I really like this place because of its atmosphere.  It's not too loud inside, so it's a good place to go if you and your friends actually would like to be able to hear one another speak during the evening.  If it's not too crowded, you can play some darts while catching some of the Phillies game on TV.  Or you can grab a booth for dinner or else cozy up to the bar and chat with their very nice bartenders.  The decor is very brew pub in style - dark wood and high-backed booths or dark wooden tables.  It's comfortingly pub-like (and clean).  Just be careful heading down the steps on your way out if you've had one too many to drink.  Their collection of bobble-head dolls at the top of the stairs is also worth checking out.
Look for the sign on Sansom and head up the steps next to the oyster house - the Nodding Head is on the second floor.  If you're driving down, there's a garage across the street.Every time i come here, I order Loaded Veggie Focaccia. One day I came here on Sunday and noticed that Loaded veggie focaccia was not on their brunch menu. The server said to me that we can order only whatever is on the brunch menu because the kitchen was only prepared for the brunch menu on weekends. I was already drinking my mimosa and came here just for the mimosa and the veggie sandwich so I couldn't pass it.  I asked if they could still make it. The server went in to ask the cook and I ended up having it! It was just so delicious.amazing fries. amazing chicken fingers. amazing mussels. yes, it was a delight to eat here for some good pubgrub. it had a loud & cheerful atmosphere. i start to salivate everytime i think of their mussels ( i believe the recipe is from Monk's, their sister restaurant). excellent garlic yummy goodness. go here for some grubbin. 
RANT: i actually would choose this place over Monk's cause Monk's was overcrowded, the staff was pushy, and i found a hair in my food. extra protein: yes. hygiene: bad. the waitress just shrugged and was like: your problem. so yeah, GO NODDING HEAD!Great atmosphere.  They have darts and good microbrews brewed on-site.  We didn't have any of their food but, we did sit at the bar and enjoy two pints of Grog.  Grog is a very tasty dark beer and the bar tender was friendly so it made for a good time.Very spacious in here - good for standing around.  This place reminds me of Triumph (well, they're both breweries, maybe that's why they remind me of each other), which to me is ho-hum.  The people are all very nice it seems, although it was near the end of my night and I was getting tired/drunk haha.  I didn't try the food, although it looked appetizing.  I feel as if this is a 2 star review, but, that's because the place wasn't very memorable either way.The beer selection here tends to be different from most brewpubs, and I've found it to be inconsistent.  Sometimes the beers are good, sometimes, eh. Which was the case most recently.  The special chicken sandwich (can't remember it's exact name, but it had spicy ham on it) was excellent!  I'd go back again and again for that sandwich.One of the greatest things about Nodding Head is, that when you try to go to Monk's and it's too crowded, and the waiting line is too long, NODDING HEAD HAS THE SAME FOOD AND IS ONLY A FEW BLOCKS AWAY!
 Isn't that the best?!  
It's perfect, when you are craving that Bourbon dipping sauce that comes with those F fries that are fried in an oh-so-French way. Okay, Belgian. I stand corrected.
That beer with the ginger & lemongrass in it is also worth the trip.Very good burgers + service. Nice laid back/casual vibe. Though, the beers are unremarkable (at least the two I tried, Weisse & Rascal... they had very strong flavors). 
Cool place, though. I'd definitely go back if I'm in the center city area.Came for quizzo which was fun.  The beer isn't too expensive which is encouraging.  I tried the beer with the smallest alcohol content - big mistake.  I don't remember what it was called other than that it started with ih binen something or other.  I wouldn't recommend it.  Service is alright, but the food didn't look so good.  Our friend got a soup that had a weird crusty shell over the top that I think was meant to be cheese.A group of us went here on a Sunday night (aka "Pub Quiz" night). The announcer was the same slurry Irishman who does Quizzo at national Mechanics. Always an asshole, but a funny one.
Ordered a pitcher of the 700, which is their cheapest, and it was delicious! We also got an order of the BBQ pork quesadillas and a side order of fries which came with a delicious jalapeno/chipotle sauce.
The atmosphere is really warm and friendly, it's clean, and they have a great variety of food, and the service is spot on. I will definitely be frequenting Nodding Head int he future.I brought my family here for dinner one night and they was absolutly delighted.  I was able to order all the beers for the table which everyone enjoyed. I got my mom who knows nothing about beer a grog and she loved and was even able to get my lil brother something he finished when his normal standard is coorslight. I had something to that i believe was honey flavored. I can't remember what i order for my aunt but what ever it was she didn't respond with her normally nasilly complaint.The chef's special burger for the night was really great.  It was bigger than I anticipated, cooked properly, the fries were tasty, and the bourbon jalapeno aioli was perfect for dipping the burger, the fries, my fist, etc.  Could have used a much bigger side of it.  My friend's free range chicken dish was enjoyed as well despite his regrets of not ordering the same meal as me.  Disappointing, however, is that two of the beers on tap - the two I actually wanted - were both kicked.  Boo.  The beers that I did try were adequate though - I'd go back for more food.I've had a complete blast at the Royal Stumble here. The atmosphere is terrific, but I know what to expect: crowds and insane lines for the bathroom. The trade off is the experience of drinking tons of great beers and eating my way through a buffet of food.
However, otherwise I have had some of the worst service I've ever experienced at Nodding Head. Most recently, last night, when we arrived at 7:30 to get a table for our 8 friends. We were told that we could not be seated until our entire party was present. Okay. Sure. Sat at the bar and enjoyed the Kung Fu Grip & 700 Level. An hour and a half later we notice a group get up from another table. Finally. So we go find the hostess. Who then informs us that those specific tables are first come first serve. And by that point of course, it was taken. We waited another 15 minutes and then bounced.Decided to bring my boyfriend here the first time he came to Philly. We both work at brew pubs and love trying different craft beers. He liked it so much that we made it a mandatory stop the next time he was in town. Quaint atmosphere and great service! We got a flight the first time and it was awesome! Large portions and nice variety of beer. The mixed greens salad was nothing special but the sandwiches were on par. He got the spicy meatloaf both times and loved it. I got the veggie focaccia the first time and jerk chicken the second time, both were great! Good place to go for a chill night out.My first experience at Nodding Head Brewery & Restaurant many years ago was not very stellar, however, all of my subsequent experiences in recent years have been great.
Most recently, stopped by with 2 friends for some lunch and brews before heading over to work a venue at the Philly Roller Girls. We really enjoyed the hand crafted beer which at 5$ and change is a decent price given the location. We had 2 pints and enjoyed the Grog, BPA, and Daryl the most. For food, the vegetarian amongst us had polenta puttanesca which looked good. I had the chicken wings with a special of the day sesame teriyaki sauce. For 10$ and change it was a good amount of wings and served wet (not dry like most places). My other friend got the buffalo sauce on his wings and it looked like he may have received 2 or 3 pieces of chicken less than me. Its also important to note that in the past, their wings were complete huge pieces of chicken - leg and thigh, etc. Now their wings are standard sized 'buffalo' wings, that was a disappointment. However, the wings were tasty and I would have them again. Water service was stellar and we always had enough liquid after walking around the historical areas of Philly beforehand.
Further, the atmosphere is really cozy and it was great seeing into the kitchen where an employee was pulling pork (wonder was dish this is used in).It's not very often I'll go to a brewpub and, after trying a few of their beers, ask for a mass produced light beer. Don't get me wrong, the beers were okay. But, after three pretty heavy beers I was in the mood for something a little more forgiving, especially since I'm trying to lose some weight.
Well, the almost devoid of personality bartender did not appreciate my request and pretty much laughed at me telling me they don't sell any beers but their own. Respectable, I guess, but there are defintiely better ways to inform a patron that they're SOL when it comes to wanting a beer that wasn't produced in the back room.
We had a fried appetizer sampler as well, not bad. Pretty much tasted like what you'd get if you bought a box of frozen appetizers from a club store and heated them. Not that that's a bad thing, but I'm sure their specialties lie elsewhere.
Overall, I'd give this place another try. Most of the employees were nice and friendly aside from our second bartender who was either having a bad night or just didn't want to deal with us (we weren't loud or obnoxious or anything.. for the most part).
Nothing was really remarkable at Nodding Head, definitely a little out of my way for the sub-par experience. Happy Hour isn't a bad deal though.This place is pretty good.  college party type crowd on the weekends.  Decent beer, good eats.our party split an appetizer of asian spiced wings 'n a pitcher of their microbrewed zephyr.  the zephyr was a full bodied darker brew, very complimentary to the zesty wings.  for my entree, i had the steak au poivre, the steak was a bit over seasoned but the sides were really good.  it's definitely a place i'd visit againI've pointed out in one of my other reviews that the moules frites here are pretty good (seems like lots of people come here to eat and the food looks great); however, I came here to try this microbrewery's beers and in that regard, they fail.  We tried 4 different beers and all of them were terrible.  All of them were extremely enthusiastically recommended by the waitress after we told her our preferences (e.g., darker, less sweet), which made us start to think she has no idea what good beer is.  Perhaps I will be back for food but definitely not the beer.  The place is ginormous and looks like a pretty cool place to hang out and dine.  Unfortunately, they make crap beer.The Nodding Head never crossed my mind as a brunch destination, until one day the bf and I were wandering in search of eggs and saw the chalkboard sign outside their door with two words:  Jazz Brunch.  
I love live music, and it is generally absent from the Philly dining scene.  The artists played soft, funky jazz in the background which set the scene for a nice little Sunday meal.  I had south of the border eggs-- the eggs were fluffy and liberally sprinkled with jalapenos and cheese.  They sat on top of well-seasoned potato pancakes (usually a throw-away item at brunch places, NH gave them adequate attention and care).  Added a mimosa (bf had a dark beer) to the mix, and it was a very pleasant meal.I really love this place for happy hour. Certain brews and apps are $4 each and it's never ultra-crowded like the other places on the same block. The food is also pretty good and the prices are pretty good. Atmosphere is laid back, and their microbrews are delish. Service is good no matter how crowded it is. 
Basically, this is my go-to place when I'm looking for good beer and good conversation. And the food and prices ain't bad.THe atmosphere was a little grungy but the food was amazing!! The loaded veggie focaccia was absolutely amazing!Nodding Head is a great place if you're really focused on getting good beer and good food. They have an excellent rotating menu of house brewed craft beers. The beers tend to skew on the darker/heavier side of things, but there's usually a broad enough selection to suit anyone's mood. It's a must-go spot for a beer snob in Philly.
The one downside is that the service, while friendly, is often slow. Bring someone to talk to while you wait for your drink to get refilled.I've been craving beans and toast for about 3 weeks.. and when I went to nodding head to meet some friends and I saw beans and pita I was elated.. ( yes pita is not toast.. but the pita was toasty and close enough!) the food was great.. and I love me some beans so I know. 
my friends who got burgers seemed pleased as their plates were empty when taken off the table.
the fries are ok.. although the dipping sauce that comes with them is VILE! 
the waitress was odd.. but ok enough I suppose. 
I'm excited to see that they had many vegan/veg friendly options... so I'd like to try those.. most specifically the veggie burger and the vegan chili
I'll be back for some more beans though :D.. if not for anything else!Nice ambiance, upstairs with dark woods, loungey type area as well as a separate dining room.  We've utilized the dartboard on many occasions.  I usually like the beer and food here.  The Grog for example is a great dark session beer, advertised as an English-style brown ale it tastes almost like a porter.  Pitchers are good for saving a few bucks.  The burgers are good and recently I had the strip steak sandwich which was very tasty.  I'll agree with others here that the service is really spotty sometimes.  I've had aloof and inefficient servers and bartenders here on multiple occasions.I'm so glad I finally get to review Nodding Head. We first tried Monkey Knife Fight (their lightest beer with a ginger kick) at the Great American Beer Fest in Denver CO 3 years ago. It was complex, refreshing, exceedingly drinkable and just plain delicious. I love me some beer and after getting a taste of this I had to have more. Fortunately my parents live just outside of Philadelphia. 
We arrived at the airport, picked up our rental car and set course for Center City. After a harrowing drive getting lost on and off of 76, fighting traffic on Broad St. and generally being lost we found a 2 hour parking spot about 8 blocks away. 
The brewery is located on the 2nd floor (how cool!) above some other trendy looking spot. The decor made me feel as if I'd stepped back into the 40's. Creaky wood, spacious booths covered in dark brocade style fabric and an old timey bar that screamed "We drank here during prohibition!". We immediately sat down and asked for a flight and were served huge portions of every beer available, except for the IPA which they were out of.  We also grabbed 2 delicious appetizers. A fantastic crab cake and a baked brie, both served with flavor enhancing sauces which were excellent. The Brie had a fantastic Chutney!! 
All of the beers here are so good. So perfectly balanced with a touch of creativity to tingle the tastebuds! Go! Get beer! Be merry! If I lived in Philly this would surely be my regular bar!Love this place me my and my sisters. I can't get enough of their BBQ chicken quesadillas...their beer is great. This would be the type of setting that's casual and relaxing...they also have great French fries lol!I ate here a few nights ago and had a great experience. Our waitress wasn't the most attentive but the meal was great and so was the beer. Their fries are delicious and so were the mussels. They have a great selection and it was hard to choose what to eat.Really good spot to eat and grab a beer. They brew their own beer and the waitress I had Katharine was very nice and helped me choose a beer that I liked. Great food, excellent service, awesome beer and reasonable prices, you really can't ask for much more!Completely biased when it comes to local small time breweries. I love them regardless of price, since every brewer masters recipe is different ultimately every beer is somewhat different. Went for the Grog and the Lead Pipe, and I must say that I was ultimately satisfied. I wasn't to disappointed with the price... 5 beers later at 23 bucks total I thought was pretty reasonable. Bonus points for a full bar since most breweries don't offer hard liquor. 
Interesting decor, nodding head for all those crazy bobble heads that they have up. To flats screen tvs in the main area and makes a good sight to watch the games in piece. Bar tender was pretty friendly and seemed to paying attention to everyone and doing a good job and refilling my empty glass. 
Finally what I like best about this place was the sampler. Some good size portioned glasses in which you can have a go at all the beers they offer. Then make your decision on which you would like to stick wit for the night.The only reason I am giving this place two stars is the atmosphere is cool and our server was very pleasant, that however unfortunately where it ended.
My brother was in town on leave from Iraq and I had heard great thinks about this place so I thought lets check it out.  We were sat looked over the list of beers which were quirky and different but when consumed where awful.  my brother and boyfriend got the monkey knife fight and I got favas revenge.  Mine was passable my brothers tasted like liquid Dawn the dish soap.  We then ordered apps some buffalo wings and bruschetta the wings were pretty good the other not so much.
We all ordered meals I the steak salad with frites which was so over peppered that it was all I could taste and the piece of meat the used was super fatty.  My brother got the jerk chicken sandwich which he said was like eating a piece of ginger that was all he could taste.  My boyfriend ordered the southern BBQ chicken sandwich which looked great but tasted bland and had a strange flavoring we couldn't place.
Like I said before our server was wonderful but the food and drink not so much.  I was sad because I had such high expectations for this place.  Oh well maybe I will try it again but probably not..The best thing we had at Nodding Head were the wings, and they were quite good.  I tried the BPA, which was good enough to order a second pint, but not necessarily anything to rave about.  The most disappointing aspect here was the service we received, it was a bit difficult to get the attention of our server and thus to get what we wanted.  I may try again, but with so many options in the area it might be awhile.It's been a while since I have been to Nodding Head and it was no where as good as I remember.  First off the service at the bar was brutal, it was busy but I like to at least be acknowledged.  The biggest thing was the smell, I don't know if it was the Oyster House downstairs or the hippie chicks lacking personal hygiene- either way one drink was enough.All in all, we enjoyed Nodding Head and I would almost certainly go back.  
Pros: They were super cool about customizing my order and got everything correct.  The beers are delicious (well, the other diners thought so; I was abstaining).  They have a great selection of neato, but not weirdo, foods.
Cons: We were on our way to see a concert at the Academy of Music, and got there about an hour and 15 minutes before the show.  We ended up being pretty rushed because the service was awful slow.  They also took my Coke glass (which was empty) and without asking, refilled it with water.  Nothing offensive, but wouldn't you ask first?I'm sorry but the Nodding Head beer tastes awful to me. Maybe I'm not a real beer guy but I pretty much ran down their selection and didn't like any of them - way way too bitter. Basically everything there tastes like an IPA to me.
This place is super crowded and noisy. I don't think I ever got the chance to eat it was too hard to get a hold of a server.Oddly, I don't think I've tried their beer, despite the fact that this is a brewery. I give them props for making their own beer and perhaps I should go back sometime and try it. I'd advise not going there for the food, however: the last time I went, my food arrived cold, despite my ordering something that's usually served hot. It seemed sort of dirty and run down to me too. Basically, not a good lunch place but possibly better if you're looking for a brewery/bar type place.I love Nodding Head for three reasons: 1) the book is great and can be adventurous, 2) the vibe is excellent, one of the "barriest" bars around, 3) the brewers make the best beer in the city, and possibly the region. It is the beer lovers beer bar, not because of its variety or extensive bottle or taplist, but because the beer highlights what excellent beer needs to highlight. Beautiful, drinkable malty and sessionable beers, beers on cask, and occasionally an extreme beer. All balanced, all perfect representations of their styles. It is completely underrated, but in Center CIty, even Rittenhouse, it takes the cake. I've had many big gatherings here and its been awesome (birthday place for two years in a row!).This place was quaint and warm. I got a really unique sandwich. I was jazzed. I also tried a friends beer and it was good and i don't really do the beer scene. It also helped that the waiter was hot but hey it was something to look at a lunch time.I felt like having a beer after a stressful day at work, and didn't have anything particular in mind.  Someplace close to home, with good beer, aha, lets visit ye old Nodding Head. I like Nodding Head. They have good food. The sauce on their wings is great, though I must say I liked the wings better before they were chopped. I've had numerous meals there and left satisfied each time. They also have a great brunch, better than I expected so I have gone back a few times early on Sundays. Three types of Bloody Marys if you are in the mood which are all very good. So why do I give it three stars? Its pricey, and the beer in my opinion, is just average. Sometimes the special brews (I see Money Knife Fight referenced) are interesting, but never anything you want to have more than two, maybe three of. And the mainstays are just boring. The IPA inspired BPA is hoppy, but comes in at a weak 5%. The Grog is good, but too heavy with not enough punch. 700 Level in my mind is too light. There is nothing on the list that really inspires me to hang around and drink beer. I often find myself looking hard at the cutesy tap heads, trying to transform it with my mind into a Yards, or Dogfishhead tap. I am sure plenty of people will disagree, but I drink beer, and this stuff is middle of the road to me, and never on special. 
I know, I know, its not brewed poorly, its just not to my taste. And I never said it was brewed poorly. 
So, Nodding Head gets an OK from me. And let me reassert, I like Nodding Head, and go there about once a month. It just doesn't blow me away by any stretch. Well, except maybe the brunch.Standard corporate bar fare and surprisingly average house crafted beer.  Perfect for the suburbanites, college crowds and recent grads who are trying to make the transition from always going to Appleby's and TGIFs to hipper joints in the city.  
Seriously, Nodding Head is a stepping stone.  Young people put in their time there in order to eventually feel more comfortable at places like Oscar's or Good Dog.  Really, I'm not kidding.  Also a good place to bring your mom and dad because they won't be scared by hipsters. 
In general, this is Nodding Head.  The place has bad karma, too.  Some drunk guy or girl always seems to be "startin' sumthin."  Check it out.I was at Nodding Head on Saturday for a friend's bday celebration. We got there at dinner and had a group of 12. The place is pretty large so they had room for us immediately. Service was good. The waiter made great beer recommendations. The beer list was not extensive but I did really enjoy one of their beers which was some sort of wheat beer. People seem to either love or hate the beer here. I like most light or wheat beers so I was satisfied.
I love the feel of this bar- the wood benches, dart board, bobble heads and scale. Well I don't really get the scale because weighing myself kind of kills the mood for scarfing down bar food and beer but it was fun to watch the boys play on the scale while being drunk.
The food is the best part of this place. I had the monks vegan burger and it was the best vegan or vegetarian burger I have ever had. I also hear the monks mussels are great and can't wait to go back again and try them.I'm not sure where the snobbery is coming from among these many reviews. Based on the beer alone, this place is at least 4 stars in quality. That's not to mention the wonderful aesthetics of this place-- the rustic wood interior and dim lighting makes it feel like a tavern from the 1800's. I'm a real sucker for that stuff.
My friends and I tried several of their brews as we were in quite the celebration mood. I can't recall the names but I know I tried a dark IPA, a dark ale, and something sweet, somewhat resembling a jeremiah. I'm quite the beer snob and I will say that their home brewed beer is excellent. If you don't think it's good, I implore you to name a better place in the district for real micro brews.
Then there was the food. It's DIFFERENT and it's GOOD. The mussels are a killer deal for about 10 bucks. Mine came with a unique sort of seasoning (i think it was the moroccan?) that resembled genuine indian style curry flavor with a hint of sweet. Very unique flavors for a very savory little treat. And I love the fact that it comes in a big metal pot. The fries were excellent and were served with some sort of creamy Aioli sauce. I can't complain about the food at all. Our waiter was also pretty friendly and helpful with suggestions about the menu. I WOULD come back if I ever found myself in philly again.I'm not a beer aficionado, so if you're looking for that kind of recommendation, read another review.  People and atmosphere are my forte.  That said, when I walked into Nodding Head the first word out of my roommate's mouth was "hipsters."  He then escaped like a bat out of hell.
If the beer is good, go at it.  There's a dart board and it's pretty spacious.  You should be able to have conversation with ease without the competition of loud music.  Personally, I was completely understimulated and unimpressed.  It was the kind of place I'd shrug my shoulders at and say, "Sure, it was fine.  Whatever."Nodding Head consistently delivers beers that exceeds my expectation.  It's nice that the food so good I would seek it out even if they didn't have the grog to go with it. (the grog helps though). 
The Lindy Tripel that is on draft now is subtle, with nice banana touches. 
The bitter(sorry, I forget the cutesy name) was particularly good. It has the characteristic flavor and body of English bitter, that I had not experienced in an American brew until today. A truly great session beer. 
Grog is simply the finest brown ale out there, if you haven't had it, you are missing it.Good atmosphere.  Nice beer selection.  Very good food.  The wait staff is friendly and courteous.  I plan on visiting again.Cool location..cool looking restaurant.  We went for happy hour.  6 bux a beer for happy hr??!!  F that.  We were the only people at the bar.  Sat for about 5 minutes and noone had even said hi to us.  When the bartender chick finally came over she pointed to the list of what they had and we made our choices.  No small talk about the beers..not even a hello.  Needless to say we drank our beers and moved on...  Working at a brewery for 10 years now I like to talk beer sometimes..especially with people who are in the industry.  Guess Trudy-to-cool didnt share my affection for the stuff she was pouring.  Oh, and the beers are average.  The dude who owns this owns an Irish bar...its wayyyyyy cooler.First time at the nodding head. Beer selection was fantastic, but the food was the star. It's not newest decor, but don't let this fool you, the mussels were phenomenal! Sarah took fantastic care of us and her recommendations were spot on. Would highly recommend a visit.Me @ 5:50 pm to bartender "do you have any happy hour specials?"
Bartender "Yeah, a clean glass"  Me "Pardon?" Bartender "No, we don't have happy hour specials"
Two beers and $13 effin dollars poorer, I left. I will never bitch about Dock Streets prices again.
Nodding head, you ain't brewing anything up THAT special. Get over yourself.Great place for beer and an appetizer.  I had a couple of the in-house brews (both great) and the charcuterie plate.  Awesome deal - tons of cold meats and cheese, with pickles and gourmet mustard.  Talk about a great pairing with beer!My cousin took me here after we found out there was an hour wait at their sister restaurant Monk's (on a Sunday night around 7.30 ie pre Eagles game). Their house-brewed BPA was very nice and made me forget some of the nuances of my dining experience. The white bean and sage appetizer wasn't bad, just a bit underwhelming. Ended up eating a pile of french fries, another beer, and a large portion of my bread roll, when I really should have focused on the savory pot of Moroccan mussels heaped in front of me. Casual, neighborhoody, beerful, decent place for what it is: a brewpub with solid food.i really enjoyed myself here. it was a simple and straightforward bar and restaurant with its own brews. the table i got with my friends was big and comfortable and we had a wonderful time. the brews were well crafted standard american. i highly recommend this place for a chill time with good friends.To me, there are three fronts on which to review Nodding Head: food, beer, and service.
Food: Decent. Pretty standard bar fare. Their onion rings, fries, and etc. are enjoyable enough and worthy to soak up suds. Their mussels, while not the best in the city, are also very good. 
Beer: I'll start by saying that I'm a bit of a beer snob. That said, they have some really winning beers and some middling ones. I would really recommend that anyone going for the first time try a flight of what they have on tap. I really enjoy some beers they make that are from styles I dislike, and I don't as much enjoy beers from some styles that I do. 
Service: Not bad. But, for the life of God, ditch the ridiculous seating policy. Over the last 6 months I've gone in with a couple good size groups of people. Each time we were denied table unless EVERY ONE of us agreed to order dinner. A couple of weeks ago when one of the ten of us indicated that he already ate, the hostess told us we'd have to sit at the full bar. We didn't stay too long after that. There were enough of us who were eating that I can assure you they would have made plenty to justify the table...why such a ridiculous policy?I had low expectations for the food based on some of these reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Sure, the place is a bit of a dive, but my Muffaletta sandwich and fries were great!  The sandwich was a bit different from a standard Muffaletta, but it was really tasty and quite large.  The fries were boardwalk-style and quite good with the slightly spicy dipping sauce. The beer was not the best I've had, but pretty good.  I had the Grog (my favorite) and the 60 Shilling.  All in all a nice place that I would visit again.Went with a big group of friends...sat us in the side room, and our server was totally on point. Not only did she juggle staggered orders of beer (their Berliner Weisse is world class) but timed all of our app orders, entrees and more beer order with laughs, smiles and great timing. I had two styles of their mussels (both awesome)...my burger was big and when i ordered it medium it came out medium ( a rarity these days)They had trivia going on in the main room...not sure what nights they have stuff going on...but this spot is definitely worth a visit.The restaurant sits atop a flight of narrow, steep stairs that I would hate to walk down after a long night with their delicious beers.
The place has real character. It's dark, it's old, the tables have been gouged by patrons over the years and its even a bit smoky (which I'm not sure is legal!) The bathrooms only hold one at a time, there are few "bar" qualities, and yet its somewhere I would want to spend many nights should I be lucky enough to live nearby.
The baked brie with mango chutney is simply one of the best two or three items of food I have ever put in my mouth. It's creamy, its offset by the sweetness of the chutney, and served with warm, freshly baked pita wedges. I could eat this every day of my life and never be sick of it. The mufaletta sandwich is very tasty, although slightly overpowered by the herbal pesto generously applied to the fresh bread. Combined with the roasted red peppers and sun dried tomatos, and it is difficult to pick up the ham and pepperoni inside. My friend's jerk chicken was likewise lost amongst other flavors and it tasted little more than chicken. The fries were crispy and very, very, very delicious. 
Be careful if you come here alone and order a sampler. You will be greeted by seven or eight glasses filled with at least six ounces of liquid. But they are very, very well done. The oatmeal stout was especially good, and the "Grog" was an excellent English-styled nut brown. But the true star was the BPA, a British Pale Ale, that was somehow not hoppy up front but explosively floral and intricate and hop taste throughout the experience. Plus it went perfectly with the brie!I appreciate places with a solid burger on the menu. Nodding Head did not disappoint. I had a plain cheeseburger. The burger itself was moist and well seasoned. The fries were also pretty good served with a spicy mayo.
I had the Bill Payer Ale on tap. It was a decent brew.
Overall it was good food, not just for a bar.the last time i was here i was hanging out with the late, great rick and the man who is now my husband, and the night was spent imbibing the wonderfully monikered monkey knife fight.
what i can remember of said evening?? yeah..it was pretty goddamn fun.
good food, too, that i've had on many other non-drunkasaur outings.I really like nodding head, however it's just too inconsistent for me to give them more stars. Sometimes I go and the service is great and the food is good, other times... Not so much. I was there just the other day and it was a not so good day. Almost fifteen minuets just to order drinks and the waitress walks away before we could even order food. When we did order, almost 30-40 minuets for a chicken sand which and steamed mussels. The chicken was good, but the mussels just blah. The sauce was bland and there wasn't a lot of it. Inconsistent because I was there about a week ago and the mussels were as good as Monks. Seriously, what gives? Nodding head is an ok place to go but there are certainly better bars in Rittenhouse.This place feels like it is a little lost in time.  Very casual, so don't worry if you're under or over dressed.  It has that rustic pub feel I like with a lot of hodgepodge décor.  We went on a Friday at lunch and it was almost empty... but what I didn't realize is we were lucky because by the time we got our drinks, the place was pretty packed.
Our waitress was very helpful and made excellent suggestions.  I do like the good service.
I loved the Grog and I liked the meatloaf sandwich - both were pretty solid.  
I don't love it here yet, but I may grow to.  I think it would have a different feel at night and I have a feeling it's a very cool spot once the sun goes down on Sansum st.I can only speak for the food and it was BAD.  I ordered take out and man maybe it's because you're in a dark bar and you can't tell while your eating, but when you bring this home and eat it with some light it's pretty scary looking.  
The burger ($7.50) was just a burger; the bun and meat were sooooo gray it was depressing.  I asked for well done but it was pink inside.  
The fries ($1.95) was a soggy mess- no crunch, no flavor I had to drench it in the mustard-mayo whatever dressing for even some flavor but man it was so disgusting.  The thing is, when I picked it up the food wasn't even ready and when I brought it back home around the block barely 3 minutes it was this soggy mess so really no excuse people.
AVOID
On the other hand, the decor was pretty cute with a small showcase of bobbleheads, and some of the silos where they brew their beer.Came up the stairs and immediately loved the decor! We went in for some drinks, so I haven't tried the food, but the waitress we had seated us then took quite a while to bring us the list of brews and was overall very inattentive, poured our drinks then never came back to check on us. The place seemed fine, except when we were leaving, I went to pay, and the minimum at the bar was $15 dollars to use a card. $10 I understand, but $15 dollars at a bar known for its beers? They have an ATM I think, but it still seemed an unreasonable minimum for this day and age.  Liked the atmosphere, but the service left much to be desired.If you want a decent beer go here.
If you want food go someplace else.
If you want to talk go someplace else; this place is very loud.
Baked brie: was only slightly warm. It should be a lot warmer. Topped with jarred chutney.
Mussels: didn't clean them well. Gritty.
French fries: they have the temerity to call them frites. They are shoestrings and were soggy and greasy. We left most of them in the basket. Horrid.
Drunken Salmon: Just ok.
The servers: snarky too-hip-for-this-planet 20 somethings who got our order wrong and then threw a snit.
So, grab a beer and eat someplace else.It's Sunday morning in Philly.  You want to go to brunch with friends.  You are wondering where you can go that won't be a long wait.  You may have a party of 3 or more making you scared of Sabrina's, Morning Glory, etc.
Today five of us opted for Nodding Head, which opens for brunch at 11am and has jazz after noon.  Everyone liked his or her dish...after we got a basket of free warm muffins! (yummy.)  Regarding the eggs benedict: "some of the best I've had in a while."  Three votes favoring the jambalaya.  I had the omelette du jour, which was bacon and boursin cheese.  It was a bit hard core but boursin is hardcore so what do you expect.  Multiple people who aren't huge on breakfast potatoes liked the breakfast potatoes.
I had a vibe that the dishes here are hit and miss, but five of us seemed to hit.  Zero wait, friendly service, free muffins lock it in at four stars.  
Also, their beers are supposedly good.  :-).As a brewery, I would give this place a 3. The beers aren't that great - they all have very strong flavors, and most seem pretty hoppy. Nothing really that special.
BUT THE FOOD! I give this place a 5 for the food! SO AMAZING! We ordered the Monk burger and Monk mussels. The burger was sooooo damn juicy! Went sooo well with their seasoned fries! And I never thought I would eat mussels with burgers, but they actually complemented each other so well! They bring out the mussels in a steel pot. I don't know why they only decided to charge $10 for a whole pot of these gems (which were flavored by their own beer, actually) and fries, but whatever, better for us!I had to knock this place down to three stars for a couple reasons: the service and the environment. However, their beer is great and the Happy Pig is my favorite new sandwich in Philadelphia BY FAR. Absolutely try it. I'll go back for a later night or a weekend dinner and see if the atmosphere changes for me.Okay, I have to admit, I went to the Nodding Head Brewery wanting to like it... and I absolutely did. I'm a craft home-brew type of guy, and the beers I found there were terrific. Lead Pipe was my favorite, but I didn't have them all. I'll have to go back. I had a burger as well and it it was very good also, cooked just the way I like it. It paired very well with the beer. The price of drinks averaged five dollars, some are more, some are less. They're all really worth checking out, though. 
The restaurant is on the second floor, and only has a small entrance door at the ground level. On the inside, though, it's not really a small place. The bar isn't that big, but there is plenty of seating in the rest of the restaurant. I went on a Monday night and they weren't that busy aside from my group, but they weren't empty either. The staff was curious. The music was good too. They had a jukebox, and it was at just the right volume. I'd say it's almost quite compared to other bars I've been to. 
Oh man, that was some good beer.Wow, I thought I was just having a bad night, but it's nice to see that someone else thought the beer was lousy.  I enjoy beer quite a bit, and am always eager to try something new.  Obviously, small brewery/brewpubs are a good way to do this.  I have always been able to at least appreciate a brewpubs offerings...until Nodding Head.
That being said, the food was pretty good (standard pub fare) though not as good as Monk's.  I also liked the atmosphere (except whose idea was it to put a table right next to the dart board?) and our service was good.
I won't rush back.My sister and her fiancé brought my wife and I here a couple days ago.  I have been looking for a true Berliner Weisse for 3 or 4 years now and they had a GREAT one on tap!!  This bar seemed to be fond of the sour brew and I was very happy to imbibe!!  I would have given 5 stars, but the other beers were not really exemplary of any one style and would be challenging for the average beer drinker to enjoy.  However, every beer fan should know what a berliner weisse tastes like and THIS beer here IS exemplary of what I believe a true berliner weisse should taste like.  Go and drink beer and enjoy.  Our waitress was quite memorable and reminded us a bit of a Melissa McCarthy type.  Very fun!Continuing my beer tourism I saw this place right next to where I had dinner and figured, a brewery in downtown-ish Philadelphia, that's a must try for a West Coaster like me.
My main goal and review here is for their beer selection, which I have to say is good and unique. Ordering the flight was perfect cause it gave me a taste of everything on their menu.
Grog - This full flavored brown ale was really nice with some coffee overtones. It had a bit of nut to it and went down really well.
Ich Bin Ein Berliner Weisse - This drink was tart but crisp and smooth, not dry. As I found out later it is a unique style of beer that's not often found, I was quite impressed with it. The tartness was smoothed out by adding woodruff syrup as tradition calls. Oddly the syrup on its own is a bit tart, but mixed in with the beer, gave it light sweetness. I was a big fan of this one.
Picnic - A cherry ale, it had a great aroma to it and a gorgeous ruby color. The flavor was a sharp tart, which was nice, I think a sweet cherry flavor would have ruined it.
Brotherly Suds Volume 3 - This dark amber colored beer didn't have much of an aroma that I could discern. It had a good malty flavor and a bit of a bitter after taste, but not so much that it 'bit' you like an IPA.
Oakeller Pilsner - I'm not a fan of pilsners usually and this one didn't deviate, it had a bit of a bite in the after taste, as I find most pilsners do. To me it had the flavorings that a pilsner should, so if you're a fan you'd probably like this one.
Bullseye Bitter - This hoppy beer had a unique earthy/dirt-like flavor just as they described. Its unique but not bad. I'd have this one with a full meal, like steak, medium rare.
Bill Payer Ale - This one I couldn't find on their website, but it had a great hoppy aroma to it and great hoppy flavor. I would definitely drink this one again.
Rascal - This brown ale, I expected to be a bit on the sweeter side, but was greeted with a familiar hoppy flavor. It had a solid flavor to it and rounded out my experience.
*** Edit 2012 06 12
We did order the Jerk Mussels, a very goodchoice. They were plump and juicy and the sauce/stew was very good. Definitely had me nodding in agreement.
Overall, I like the beer selection they offered. I didn't find any that I would say are must have, though I highly recommend the Berliner Weisse... very unique. A good experience but didn't find that beer that would make me come back next time I'm around; but a good stop to make for sure.The place that introduced me to saison holds a special place in my heart.  Happy hours here are great.  Craft beer...YumI don't know.  I feel kinda bad putting this review up but after I read the others I was convinced that I wasn't just having "a personal bad day" both time that I went there.  To be honest, Nodding Head kinda put me in a bad mood.  I was there twice and I wanted to love it.  It's right by my work, boasting unique beers, and a hopefully decent food menu.  I'm even a sucker for the bobble head theme.  I went once with work for lunch, had veggie stew and though "eh.." Again I gave it a shot for happy hour, wasn't impressed with their beers and thanked god that I didn't take a header down those steps.  The pieces of the pub puzzle are all there, it just seems to be missing that spark that would put it into the category of spots you just can't miss.  The spark isn't there.  And I don't think I was the one having a bad day...Their brews are great!  Each one I tried had their own very distictive tastes(and strength) which I loved.  Mick the bartender was really cool and an excellent source of knowledge on the do's and don't of Philly.
Their bar menu was surprisingly large ranging from pita and hummus to chicken wings.  There weren't any happy hour specials but everything was worth paying regular price.
I tried to drink a Miller Lite at the next bar I went to but it just tastes like garbage compared to their brews.Go for a sledwrecker, I think it's that time of year.  Just don't wreck your sled on the way home.  Bobbleheads galore, good food.  It can get busy but it's usually a low key atmosphere.The Nodding Head Brewery and Restaurant is up a flight of stairs sandwiched by a couple of other restaurants.  If there wasn't a big sign on the street you could easily miss it.
I ordered their blonde IPA and really enjoyed it.  It was very floral on the palate initially, then bitter on the back end -- a unique IPA that was fairly well executed.  For food I ordered a cheeseburger and fries.  The cheeseburger was properly cooked and the fries were very good.  They were crispy and had a very tasty seasoning on them.
Everyone at our table was satisfied with their meal and the service.  The server knew the menu and was able to answer any questions we had.
Overall, Nodding Head is pretty standard.  It's a good place to go for a couple of rounds of beers and a decent meal at a fair price.At first I wasn't sure what to expect, but I looooved Nodding Head! I ordered the Black and Blue mussels, which came with a side of fries and a roll, and this really addictive creamy garlic dipping sauce. The mussels were extra flavorful, with clumps of blue cheese and bacon coating the insides of the shells and the bottom of the pot they were served in. I'd recommend the Wishniak too -- a black cherry liqueur with just the right amount of tartness that was the perfect complement to my meal. Just $14 total, and a HUGE portion size left me feeling thoroughly stuffed and ready to brave the chilly weather outside...and to slip into a food coma-induced slumber. Ahhhh. :)Holy Jalapeno Hummus Batman!  Wow this was the most delicious thing I've had here.  I am making a note and getting it again SOON.
The veggie burger never fails, the pomme frites are always perfect, and the beer - Usually pretty good - never amazing, but always good.They offer decent, although heavy, microbrews which are rotated on a rather frequent basis.  Their food is fair to above average for a pub food and their prices are reasonable.  Yet for some reason I find myself unable to give them higher than 3 stars.  The staff never seems to be in a good mood which means they don't come off too friendly.  It is difficult to find a seat and it always seems you need to get up and move for someone.
In all, worth making a stop on an evening pub crawl, but I wouldn't make this the only destination of the night.This bar really disappointed me. the first thing I noticed is that they did not have the air conditioning on and during happy hour it got very hot. it took a while before we could place our drink order and even longer for our server to deliver it. I ordered a Margarita, which I thought was way to sweet. I asked our server if she could add some more lime juice and instead of doing this she started an argument because their margaritas only included tequila and lime juice, which was obviously not true. besides this the overall service was slow and unfriendly almost rude. I was not planning on leaving a great tip which is uncommon for me, unfortunately a 20% tip was included already on our bill even though we were with a party of 5. there are too many good bard int his area so I am not coming back.I love beer, so it makes sense for me to be a fan of Nodding Head.  It's a great place to go any time of year.  Beers are solid, as is the food; the french dip sandwich is my favorite.  There are plenty of booths to cram into with a group, and a few high tops and bar seats scattered about.  One thing I like is that in the warm months, they open the windows so you can look out over Sansom St. and get fresh air while you enjoy your beer.  Probably the best part is that if it's not too crowded you can play darts!  The second best part is that Nodding Head reminds me of several bars/pubs I went to in Belgium.  That leaves any beer connoisseur with a warm fuzzy feeling.
The only cons are that sometimes it does get very crowded, and depending what's on tap, you may not find a beer that you love.  I am not a tremendous fan of IPAs or very hoppy beers, and there have definitely been times I went to Nodding Head and found a significant inequality in the styles of beer represented.  The solution for that is to look online and see what they have on tap before going.I stopped in for a couple beers after a show with my wife. It was empty on a Wednesday night. The bar tender wouldn't take my Visa debit card to pay for the beers because they have a policy of a $15 minimum charge for credit cards. This is awful customer service. You either take Visa or you don't. From Visa:
Minimum Purchase
U.S. retailers may require a minimum purchase amount on credit card transactions. The minimum purchase amount must not exceed $10 and does not apply to transactions made with a debit card.
I could see if I stopped in every day and charged a single beer on my card, but to hit me up for some ATM fees is a bad policy. While the BPA was decent, I'll avoid this place going forward.I've been here a few times over the years, with the most recent being to watch the Phillies game.  We had wandered around to a few places, but everything was packed of course, and we finally thought we'd give Nodding Head a try.  We got a table right by the TV, and settled in to watch the Phillies win.  Unfortunately that didn't happen, but we still had a good time.  I tried the altercation and the 60 shilling.  Both were good, but the altercation was my favorite of the two.  Everyone enjoyed their beers and a few people who had dinner also liked their food.  $15 minimum on credit cards which seemed a little weird for a restaurant this size.This place is definitely likeable.  I guess the only negative is the beer selection, which is kind of ironic, but put this kitchen in another setting and it runs the city.Love the 60 Shilling and the Ich bin ein...  but I would recommend coming here for dinner, rather than just for drinks.  Both times I've been here for happy hour (or with a group just drinking), our service has sucked and our waiter/waitress has been annoyed and irritated.
Still, the dinner here is good.  I love the french dip sandwich, the appetizer taster plate, the brie plate, and the white bean app.  Nice place to go for dinner with friends on a weekday evening.I am glad that Philly has such a great variety of places to have great beer and good food and interesting vibes.  Nodding Head certainly holds up its own.  I like the space a lot.  The servers are often the weak spot which Ive come to expect.  They're usually friendly but not the most professional, attentive or aware.  I have sometimes thought their aloof style has saved me some money and calories or I wouldve ordered more rounds of beer if they actually noticed my empty pint glass more often.  The food is good, though I've learned to aim for the specials because the menu rarely changes.
I only have stopped in here occasionally since it's not my local bar.  I don't live in center city and there's so many choice when I am in the area.  However, I've been getting there more often now that I'm aware that Irish John has his quizzo there on Sunday evenings.  I always enjoy John's pub quiz and Im happy that Nodding Head makes it possible for me to enjoy it with some great beer, and good food.God love a place that you walk out of stuffed so full and satisfied from an awesome meal.
God love a place that ain't this place
Except the full part.
We both walked out of this place resembling that blueberry chick from Willie Wonka - but for no damn good reason - barely touched our app (because they paced our meal to arrive 2 seconds later) - both of us had a sandwich and hardly touched our fries (I refuse to call them 'frites' as the restaurant does because they are an insult to proper authenticate frites) and we only had 2 beers, which is breakfast material for this bubba.
So why the gas?
No clue. All I know is that I spent the next two hours in misery and had never prayed for a fart so much in my entire life.
Nodding head gets only shakesGreat vegetarian/vegan friendly menu, interesting unique microbrewed beer selection, and friendly, relaxed atmosphere. 
I came here with my new group of coworkers for a group quizzo on Sunday night with Irish John. As an aside, that guy is hilarious and has some good quizzo action/commentary. Anyway, it was a great place for a group of 9 of us to hang for a few hours. We were never left thirsty, as our server was very attentive and friendly. We enjoyed a leisurely time complete with entertainment.
The few qualms I have about this place are:
a) While the beers are interesting and unique, I didn't find one that I quite enjoyed enough to drink all night. They had a good variety, but I'm a big IPA/Pale ale kinda gal and they had nothing that whet my whistle in that manner if you will.
b) There really aren't any tables that are big enough to fit a group of more than 6, but you can squeeze in/find room as long as you don't mind being close. 
c) The vegan burger isn't all that great. It is very thick and dense. I do appreciate that you can sub the vegan patty for any of the burgers they have. The whole menu is relatively vegan/veg friendly as well. 
Will be back, maybe for some weekly quizzo action! Sunday quizzo is hard(er) to come by in this city!I am rating this based solely on the beers, I love them.  Well, I especially love one of their beers- ICH BIN EIN BERLINER WEISSE.  Citrusy, tart, german style beer- it's the best. I can't find any other beer quite like it!Hahaha what a cute little place! Nodding Head is on the second floor and when you get up the staircase you're immediately greeted by a large display of someone's bobble-head figurine collection. They have a ton of Philly sports figures but they also have some amazing ones for nostalgic value such as one of the spies from Spy vs. Spy.
We ended up at Nodding Head after wandering around Center City for a while. The place was generally cozy with really comfortable tables and big booths - great for large groups of people to just sit down and hang out. The service was fantastic and cheerful and were polite about getting us out at 2am when the bars close.
We had hummus and that was pretty generous and tasted great so kudos to the food there. Sadly, I am not a big beer drinker but the beers they had on tap seemed really unique - one was brewed with fruit esters and was very flavorful and unlike other beers I've had in the past (its name had two words - started with an E?). Everyone who was drinking beer seemed to like what they had, though!Kind of a hidden gem! I work right by here but never noticed it til a friend suggested going. I think the upstairs vibe is really nice, it felt like not the typical center city bar, which I quite prefer.
They've got a great selection of beer and are really nice about helping you figure out what kind of beer you'll like best. I haven't tried a lot of the food, but everything our group got was good, and I got the baked mac and cheese (always a good indicator of food quality) and it was pretty good. Since I'm around the area a lot, I think it'll be a place I return to pretty often. 
(Also as a side story, when the group I was with was leaving, going down their narrow staircase to the street, Mayor Nutter was coming upstairs with a small entourage! We all awkwardly shook his hand in a very cramped space. It was so Philadelphia.)I love this place. Such a comfortable and relaxed environment. Beer selection is always good and it's easy to get a table for a large group. Tastey pub food that goes a little above and beyond your average burger.Don't get me wrong, the burgers here are great but I recently had a horrible experience at this place. After much convincing,  I was able to get my partner and our friend to have a birthday dinner at Nodding Head which I assured them was a cool place because I had been once before. What we got was horrible service from not only one of the wait staff, but two in total. First off, we are a very polite group of young professionals and we each said "thank you" after everything was placed on the table, but our server didn't say one thing back - and did not even smile. Second, our appetizer was practically thrown in front of us without any comment. The table behind us ordered the same thing from the same server and when they gently placed it on their table they said "Enjoy". They continued to have good communication with the table behind us and to ignore ours - our food came very slowly and we didn't get even one drink refill! We had spent more than $50 in total and at the end of our meal we decided that we were not going to leave a tip. After paying, I went to speak with the person checking ID's to see if a manager was on duty. First she said "yes.." then she recanted and said she'd give me an e-mail address. I told her that we did not feel comfortable leaving a tip after such horrible service from both staff members and that they were rude and so on. When I got home to send an e-mail, surprise, the address was incorrect. This happened just a few weeks back now. Do not waste your time with Nodding Head. The staff is slow and just plain rude. I'm not the first to say this, but I'm pretty sure I won't be the last either.  If they feel comfortable being that rude to your face, what kind of food service do you think they are running in the back? For all I know they could be spitting in the food.  With all that said, I will never recommend this place again -- and believe me, I was talking this place up like crazy before this happened.... now I can honestly say that I'll never step foot into this place again unless they get an entirely new wait staff.I went here for some afternoon brews and lunch with the BF (Ronnie S) and I would use the term "hum drum". They have great beers, but they only have like 8 of them on tap. i was expecting more.
 I ordered the nicoise salad, which came with sushi grade tuna- this was pretty good actually. Ronnie had the rasta man sandwich which looked good. They did have good fries.
Over all I was not super impressed, but I would prob go back for drinks.For three years now, all of my trips to Philadelphia have focused on bars, breweries, beers and food.  I see Nodding head on many events lists and it has always been high on the places I would like to make it to; however, now that I finally made it, I wish I had not waste my time.  This is the first brewery I have ever been where you not only had to beg for a beer, but no one wanted to even talk to you about the beer they create there.  To top it off, after I settled on what I would order off the menu, I was told the menu I was given was old and the entree I wanted was only available the night before.  To keep things simple, I ordered the same as my wife, and received the same sandwich as her only half as cooked as hers.   I am only judging this place on first impressions, but I was left with a bad one.  Maybe I should go when they have an event.My friend and I came across Nodding Head and a passerby literally nodded her head that this was indeed worthy of choosing amongst the surrounding restaurants and bars. We were welcomed by an array of bobble heads (or nodding heads, if you will) and caught a window seat overlooking the street. I only got beer, but the place was worth checking out and I'll def. be back to try more beer and perhaps some food. 
Service was great. The place was spacious. Don't get wasted, as this place is up a tall flight of stairs!Do a flight; their beers are brewed right thre and are great examples of classic brews. The English style brown ale grog went wonderfully with the potato leek bacon soup and the bison buffalo hot sauce burger. The grog and the saison made me think I was in a pub in York, England. They dry hopped the chocolate stout in cocoa nibs!the deck 707 beer had a sweet little hop to it and i loved how it swished the salmon-crab cakes down my intestinal systems with zest.  ok - so in other words, the food and drinks are good and very reasonably priced. try the baked brie with pita bread topped with chutney.  clean and noisy, with a good looking crowd,  but there's something about the televisions that rubs me in the wrong way.  mulling over those tvs, i'd say now that the atmosphere idles around the flavor of an applebees or chilis (with its own brewery) trying to find its fit with eager and excitable young ones. like myself.Interesting little place!  Very cool building but all the bobble head figurines were a little creepy.  Had 5 beers on draft, around $6 each and some in small glasses.  The Enigma was very different than I expected - had a very strong coffee flavor. The IPA was very hoppy!  Service was OK but not outstanding.Super cool and chill bartender on a Monday afternoon.  She was knowledgeable about the beers and not overly attentive.  This place was the closest brewery to our hotel and we had to check it out.  The brews were tasty but nothing to write home about.  The food was good too.  We shared the baked brie and mussels with fries.  Both were perfect to share and makes me want another bite of it as I type this review!  The bar/brewery was pretty low key that afternoon, but I suppose I can't expect much for it was Monday at 2:30 p.m.Three words: Monkey Knife Fight. This beer sums up what I like about Nodding Head's brews: they have creative flavors without always relying on the crutch of heavy stouts or porters with high alcohol content served in a teeny glass. I think Nodding Head's lighter beer creations set it apart from most microbrews in the city, and that's a good thing. The price per beer hovers around $5 which is no deal but also not extravagant. 
The food is fairly mediocre across the board, but they have a few strong points. I'd recommend the French Dip if you're particularly interested in eating food, but I think Nodding Head is a better drinking bar than a place to go for a meal. 
One nice thing about Nodding Head is that the bar area is a good size for their usual crowd, so you can usually find a place to sit, many times at the bar without much trouble. It's also not particularly difficult to get a table and there are a few cushy booths reserved for bar dwellers that you can jump into without hostess intervention. I'd recommend popping by Nodding Head immediately after work around 5 or later at night in the ten to midnight hour.I love Nodding Head! The beers are always unique and the waitstaff is awesome. Want to sample a beer? No problem. Want a quiet little table in the back? A--okay.
They also have live music and a great low-key atmosphere. The cajun chicken sandwich is the best!Great food, beer and atmosphere.  My husband had the steak frites which were amazing!  This place uses twice fried french fries which are the only way to go.  I had the Monk burger which was very moist and flavorful.  Bun was a little thick and dry but otherwise everything was fantastic.  Went on a Saturday night which was packed and very noisy so  be prepared.  There is a parking garage right across the street for ease.Personally I find this to be the best local brewery I have been too. The beer is good and non of it may offend your taste buds as othr breweries. 
There is friendly personable service, typical priced beers for a local brew pub and a rustic atmosphere like no other.
This is a must stop if you enjoy a unique and personable experience.The actual review will follow later; just bookmarking for a List for a certain temporary resident of Philly.
***********
The beer Nodding Heads brews is absolutely fine. The burgers were fine too. OK, I'll be honest. Nodding Heads never really truly clicked with me. Not the way Monk's did. But, in all fairness, I can recognize a good establishment when I see one. 
Why did it not click with me... Something about its feng shui. It always felt somewhat cold, empty, forlorn... even when it was completely packed during Friday happy hour. Something about the fact that the center of this space is occupied by the banister to the staircase by which its patrons come up into the space. The big gaping hole in the middle. That must have been it. Perhaps you would understand how I had felt if I referred to this design as Nodding Heads' Vine Street Expressway or I-95?
But really, it's a fine establishment. Especially if you go with a bunch of friends late night and liven up a few booths located in Siberia by the bathroom. (Gosh, I must be in a mood... Nodding Heads is nodding yes.) But really, I've seen it be done by a throng of actors who'd descended en masse after a Fringe performance. It was the one time when I saw a completely different light in Nodding Heads (as well as Nodding Heads in a completely different light). It's been a few years, but I recollect being impressed by the rich glow of dark wooden booths' red upholstery. I remember it seeming decadent, even hedonistic. So... head on over there.
(11/20/07: Oh my gosh. I just reread this review and noticed that I punned unintentionally in the last sentence! Apparently I'm a verbal as well as a physical klutz!)I am always a fan of a hometown brewery.  The food selection was not bad since I am a vegetarian.  They had a good selection of vegetarian/vegan options, which is nice to see.  I had the nodding head vegan burger which was good.  The bun could have been thinner because it was a big doughy for me.  The fries were deliciously dangerous, however i was not a fan of their homemade dipping sauce.Seated at 12:29, got food at 1:18. 49 minutes.  This is not okay.
What made it worse was at nowhere during our lunch did the server indicate that things might go slower than planned. Not once. The lack of communication here is what really prompted me to give a 1-star rating.
You're running slow become someone called off?  TELL US.  I'll order a plate of hummus and be on my way.  Don't act like everything is okay and make us wait upwards of half an hour for food to arrive.
You can do better than this, Nodding Head.When I first went to Philly I missed this place so I made sure I remembered to visit on my next trip. I wasn't missing anything when I originally missed it.
You walk upstairs and see case after case of bobble heads, which is pretty cool since there are a lot of old ones there, but that's about the coolest thing here. The beer was terrible. We shared a sampler and out of the 8-9 beers we tried, we liked 1. Service was meh. Bartender was nice though. 
We didn't eat any food here, nothing really looked that great.I got dinner here one night on my own. The bar area is relaxed and the bartender was friendly and helpful with beer suggestions. I had the BPA, a pale ale with a malty finish, and the 3C, the Nodding Head's double IPA. Both were good, though I preferred the 3C. I had the Jambalaya for dinner. The Jambalaya was spicier than I expected, which was a good thing. However, the cornbread was a little dry. Over all, I enjoyed the food and drink.We started our evening with a round of beers at Nodding Head and then supplemented with some snacks. We tried a number of their different beers and liked the options. We also ordered the Edamame and the Sampler Platter, and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food for bar food. The service was a little slow and inattentive (we had to ask for plates and utensils with the food), and our waiter tended to only check on us when we actively waved him down from across the room.60 Shilling Scottish Ale +
Pulled pork sandwich, sub Spanish fries for steak fries (side of aioli, please?) +
Bistro salad & mac & cheese for the table+
Spacious+
Jazz brunch+
Nice crew of employees who aren't too cool to remember their regular customers =
One of the finest pubs in Center City.
(This is the only type of math I excel in!)I guess i was expecting something else. more of a tavern/pub type feel. We sat down, looked around, took a peek at the prices, then left for Oscars. Fine dining, not one of my finer points. 
I do love their outdoor hanging sign, i wish i could say more.Any restaurant owned by the same entity that owns Monks is worth trying.  This brewery brews fantastic beers that span a wide range of any beer enthusiasts palate.  From Saison to IPA it's all fantastic.
The menu is leans a little bit more to the bar type food but their mussels and wings as well as chicken sandwiches are enjoyable.  Coincidentally they do use the same mayo concoction for the fries, and the burger styles are the same.  There are definitely similarities and trends in the menu between Monk's and Nodding Head's.
All in all it's a fantastic place to come to if the wait at Monk's is a bit crowded since it's just a few blocks down.  Oh and for soccer fans, the endless soccer is probably enjoyable.I have never been disappointed by Nodding Head. All of their craft beers are awesome. At $5.50 a pop you can't find a better craft Brewery in the city. The food is also amazing. I recommend the Mack & Cheese, the RastaMan Sandwich with Spanish Fries, and the Mussels. They also do a Jazz Brunch on Sundays which is a lot of fun.I dragged my posse here, after five years of loving their logo ads in the City Paper. I was very pleasantly rewarded.
The Nodding Head's brews are great. For $5, you can get a nice tall glass of any of their brews. Everyone in my party swore by the Grog. I really enjoyed the Spring Ale, with its light body, and citrus after-taste. The 60 Shilling wasn't exactly my style though, but hardly bad.
The atmosphere is cool. There were games on, good conversation, and places to sit. After waiting 90 minutes for a table (which is fair, given the size), we were seated. The Monk's Mussels looked incredible. The sandwiches all looked average. I had the margarita salmon, which was piping hot, and served with a strong vegetable and rice medley. For $15, it was worth it... but I probably would be more inclined to get some mussels or a steak in the future.
A very nice place to go for a night in Philly, that doesn't feel all premeditated.I had some friends in from out of town, and we were bar hopping on a Saturday night... We stumbled into Nodding Head because ... It was a brewery, and if you are making your own beers... they have to be good right? WRONG.
I was shocked that the crowd was very college... It really took me by surprise, and the beers were really below average.
I don't have much to say about the food because we didn't have any, but once we finished our beers...we were off to the next one.
Sorry Nodding Head, I probably won't be back. Maybe I'll come try your food sometime?It I was rating this place just on beer it would be 5-star, however service is a consideration.  We were told to leave at 1:50 am.
Server "we are closed get out".  
Me "But you just sold me a beer during last call?"
Server "and?"
Me "Thanks for the hospitality"
Mind you my buddy and I had just gotten out of a movie and these were our 2nd beers of the night.  We were not rude, drunk or nasty.
With so many options in Philly. I will not be back.Nodding Head. Sometimes annoyingly filled with people you don't want to hang out with (skip happy hour), and with not quite enough veggie options for me to eat at with regularity, I keep coming back for a quiet afternoon of darts and the summer beers - Monkey Knife Fight! Also that delicious Weiss with green apple syrup - it's just the thing on a hot day. I wish I could give this place one more star, if only for the beautiful benches, but it needs just a little more pizzaz to make me love it. 
Tip: Skip the so-so brunch. If you must eat, hit the fries. I hear the mussels are good, too, but I wouldn't know about that.