(Let it be known this review is the prelude to a pickup order that's going to be placed immediately after submitting it. )
After a 2.5 month wait, I had the pleasure of having some fantastic food here. I really enjoyed this place and although I need to try it a few more times, it's likely this could supplant DSG as my go-to spot. It's also two blocks closer to mi casa y workplace. We need more food closer to Broad Street that's not of the  Golden Arches and sub-par pizza variety. This is one step closer to achieving this dream. 
Oh yes, the food:
_________________________________
Original Egg Roll: The truth. 
House Pork Buns: Could eat this thrice daily no problem. So good.
Salt & Pepper Shrimp: Tasty. They have eyes. They are watching you. Judging you. 
Shrimp Shumai: The best I've had in the city, maybe ever (no really maybe).
Scallion Pancakes: Very tasty and not super-greasy.
Minced Beef Dumpling Soup: Not bad, only ordered it because 1/3 of our triumvirate that day keeps kosher.
Chinese Broccoli: Always order Chinese Broccoli. Always. They will test your skills with a chopstick a la Mr Miyagi.
Welcome Nom Wah. It's a pleasure to have you.
_________________________________
Eat here now, eat here often.
- ßFirst timer, excellent food, lovely staff and atmosphere.  Can't wait to go again and try more flavorsA good place to get Dim Sum (not the cart kind) when you are craving Chinese food! The sticky rice in lotus leaf and steamed pork buns were delicious. Not my favorite soup dumplings I've had, however. Atmosphere was nice and all the food tasted very fresh.Wonderful dim sum place at the edge of Chinatown. Attentive staff and delicious food. Everything from the scallion pancakes to dumplings of all kinds have not yet disappointed! They also have a liquor license which is nice for a quick drink along with the meal.Good food but unbelievably the chef and manager started screaming at each other in the middle of the restaurant in chinese, only to end the yelling with the chef yelling WTF in English. There were young kids in the restaurant for crying out loud. The manager then goes back into the kitchen and yells some more. Up until that point it was a nice atmosphere and decent dim sum but that was just plain indecent. Like out of a movie or something. Settle your differences in private, not the middle of the restaurant while your patrons are eating.I came here on a Monday around noon with a friend. It was empty and we were hungry. This dim sum is amazing. Pork bun. Sui Mai was outstanding. Pork and chive dumpling. Soup dumpling. Equally as amazing. And this food came out HOT. Flavors are awesome. Price is cheap. Great selection of teas. This is a good place to go on a Monday when you really want to eat but don't wanna break the bank!!! Love love love Nam WahI've frequent Nom Wah in NYC so when in Philly, I needed to stop by this establishment. I went on a rainy Tuesday afternoon and it was a bit quiet. The decor was age old but new aged if that makes any sense. We got the dumpling sample, roast pork bun, spring rolls, shrimp rice rolls and pork sui mai. All were cooked/steamed to order which meant the food was piping hot. They also have a good selection of beers and a full bar. Dimsum and drinks??? I wouldn't decline that invite any time.The dim sums were delicious, favorite was the shrimp shumai and the Shanghainese soup dumplings. The friend noodle was a bit too oily for me but the house special fried rice was delicious. We made a reservation through opentable and put table wasn't ready when we got there so waitress about 20 mins. All in all a good experience. Also saw that it was BYOBUndoubtedly the best traditional dim sum place in Ctown Philly. The dim sum is made to order; you pick from a wide selection of traditional dim sum menu. Everything we ordered was solid/above average (fried noodles in soy sauce, turnip cake in xo sauce,  spare ribs, fried shrimp balls, and shrimp rice rolls).
Price is above average but you get what you pay for. We ended up dropping $50 between 2 adults and a toddler but left mighty full (we prob over ordered). The interior is classy and more importantly, clean. Chinese lanterns hang overhead with comfortable seating and a full bar to boot.
Nom Wah caters to everyone, young and old. Those yearning for traditional dim sum appetizers yet dislike the old way of doing things (there are no old ladies wheeling carts of overcooked food here, and that's a good thing, folks).
Located on the outskirts of Ctown, which is another plus for those wanting to avoid driving through the hustle & bustle of Ctown.I am very impressed with the quality of food and service and very happy we finally got a high quality of dim sum in philly..place is small so not for a group of people.Wonderfully fresh Cantonese-style dim sum dishes (they seem to make dishes as they are ordered). I love the BBQ pork bun and the mushroom bean curd dishes. The selection, however, is smaller than it would be for places with traditional push carts. This is not a Shanghai-based restaurant, so don't expect the soup dumplings to be on par with Dim Sum Garden or Sakura.I love this place. First of all, I grew up in NYC going to Nom Wah in Chinatown. This place is just perfect. Fresh dim sum made to order. Be sure to have a lychee martini. Great for parties. We just had a group of nine and it was perfect.Solid dim sum option without the lines and chaos of Dim Sum Garden. The food is a little greasy but prices and portions can't be beat. What's nice about Nom Wah is you can come on a Saturday night and feel like you're in a trendy-ish restaurant while still getting the great food of China Town. Will definitely be back. 
Pro Tip: They have a full bar but you can still BYO! Just pay $5 corkage feeI didn't think there was good Dim Sum outside of California (excluding Asia), but I was wrong!! Service was great and so was the food! I thoroughly enjoyed everything from shrimp siu mai to scallion pancake to spicy wonton to chicken feet. Chicken feet is not for everyone, but it was good! If you're ever in Philly and craving Dim Sum, I'd recommend Nom Wah.Wow. This place was great.  Small quiet place, nice big dim sum menu. Highly recommended. I will be back!The first two places were so overly crowded, we opted for a third choice.  It was a Thursday at 7pm, and we hiked a bit west and north of most of the other restaurants in Chinatown to get to this one, but it was a good choice.
Server was so gracious and accommodating, but I think she was handling the whole place alone, so service was a tad slow.  Food overall was very good.  Soup dumplings were good, as were other appetizers and entrees.  We got the mei fun, fried noodles, general tso, spring rolls, cabbage and chicken dumplings, and sweet and sour chicken.  Nothing automatically came with rice, but we did order some as a follow-up after our entrees arrived.  Nothing amazing, but solid and a great value.  Also had the "water fairy tea" which my 9 yr old thought was very cool.  They take credit cards, but do prefer cash, if you have it.We picked this dim sum place, because of the 4+ star rating on Yelp. We loved everything! We picked many of there house specialties, that were starred on the menu. Absolutely loved the scallion pancakes, all the dumplings, and roast pork bun. Great place, great staff, and great food. We were happy to find this place, because we Love Dim Sum! We will be back!!I enjoyed the shrimp dumplings, pork shumai, shrimp and chive dumplings, the spring rolls and the Chines greens in oyster sauce. I'm sure I had more but I remembered those most. My visit to Philadelphia lasted nearly a week and I liked Nom Wah's food enough to check it out twice. A couple of the servers seemed to have a limited knowledge of English and that affected timely service, but they were really nice and confirmed with other servers what was needed; they also seemed to have made mistakes on orders (yes, the two times that I was there!).I've eaten Dim Sum all over the East Coast from Florida to NY and this is by far the best we've ever had. The service is great, the ambience is hip, and the food is over the top AMAZING. The Roast Pork Bun is the Freshest I've ever had. I can't wait to come back!The service is mediocre- it takes a while to get a drink or catch a waiters attention-one splattered soy sauce all over me once and he didn't really care - but the food is A+.Not all the dim sum is authentic Chinese dim sum but they are for sure not a bad one in town. They are pretty newly opened so they are doing pretty good now. I'm hopping they keep their quality. 
The food is not bad really although some things are kinda off. Like they only have the one choice of bun. And it's the roasted pork bun. But then with it supposedly being three little ones, it came one big bun. So it was very hard for sharing. Dim sum is all about sharing. 
They have a downstairs which is also weird. Lucky us we didn't have to sit downstair. 
Might return but not sureBest Dim Sum I have had in Philly. Everything is made to order so it is always fresh.Was not the best dim sum experience! Food was not that great and service was slow even though we were the only two diners in the entire restaurant. Would recommend going to a different restaurant for dim sum. Ordered so much food (sticky rice in lotus leaf, sticky rice with Chinese sausage, pork siu mai, house special roast pork bun, Shanghainese soup dumplings, the original "OG" egg roll, pan fried shrimp and chive cakes, steamed Pheonix buns, and steamed red bean buns).Taste like dim sum, not sure what to say nothing wrong, service was fine and I went on a weeknight do it was empty.Let me break it down for you: my family and I love dumplings and everything dim sum. Any time we're even remotely close to Chinatown we make an excuse to eat there. Today was my 2nd trip to Nom Wah, and this time I brought my husband and kids. We ordered way too much and still managed to eat almost all of it. I love checking off the boxes to order what you want, and my kids loved the pictures on the menu. Every single dish was delicious. We got pan fried pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, beef balls, shrimp in rice noodles, sautéed Chinese greens, beef and bacon, soup dumplings, and spring rolls. So well done, fresh, and tasty. On top of that, our waiter could not have been more pleasant or attentive, and the chef even came out twice to make sure everything was good. Can't wait to return again!Came here yesterday with my girlfriend and was impressed upon entering the place. The decor was nice - sturdy tables amd chairs and nice ambiance, and the staff was welcoming. There were 4 other parties there so I thought the place would be solid. The menu was easy to read and it was super easy to place our order. 
We ordered a bunch of food and it started out alright. The first two dishes looked amazing but had no taste. Then we got a our pork bun which was OK but tasted like frozen buns from hmart or something - it even had the paper wrap on the bottom. Then our shanghai dumplings arrived. These looked normal but they were dry and bland. At this point I was certain they were reheating frozen food from either the grocery or the NYC location. The worst was the Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce. It was TERRIBLE. It's a simple dish but it seemed like they threw the broccoli in lukewarm water for a moment and drizzled oyster sauce. The dish was so salty and hard we could eat only a piece each.
The food was extremely disappointing. I would give it 0 stars for reheating frozen food if yelp allowed me. However the service was good and the staff was kind so it is deserving of 1 star. The restaurant needs to focus on the food and only then would their efforts at the front of the restaurant be worth it.Most of my dim sum years were spent in New York City and Boston. As much as I love Philadelphia's Chinatown, the dim sum never quite rose to my memories in other cities. I'm very happy to report that with the arrival of Nom Wah, I finally have a satisfying go-to in Philadelphia.
If you're looking for soup dumplings, you can't beat Dim Sum Garden. If you're looking for new and unique twists on traditional Dim Sum, go south to Bing Bing. If you're looking for your favorite traditional dishes done perfectly with some of the freshest tasting ingredients and most careful preparation, this should be your next stop.Definitely not my cup of tea (I know, I'm so witty).
I do love the shrimp rice noodle roll, the scallion pancakes, and the broccoli. All are a must.
I tried the soup dumplings among others. I did not like the broth inside of the dumplings. Go down to dim sum garden and get the best in the city (in my opinion). The other dumplings were decent, nothing spectacular. I tried the chicken feet and was extremely underwhelmed. I guess they're supposed to be like all fat? But I didn't like the flavor of the sauce. I also didn't enjoy picking tiny bones out of mouth. Doesn't really seem safe to me. 
Service is attentive and quick, as it is in all of china town. Definitely give it a try if you're a dim sum lover. This place might just be your cup of tea!Nom Wah is a decent dim sum restaurant. I found a lot of their dumpling wrappers are very thick. The taro cake was dry. I am used to my mom's homemade ones which are moist. The Chinese broccoli could have used more garlic sauce. However the usual siu mai and har gow were good.  If you are looking for a unique drink, try the lycee martini. It had liqueur infused with lycee, triple sec and sake. Good balance of flavors. I would go back during the "off time" hours of dim sum. Otherwise, I'll stick to Ocean Harbor for breakfast/brunch.Very authentic Cantonese dim sum. It would have been better if the xialong baos are hotter and more soupy. Overall this is my most favorite dim sum place in town.Good was delicious and the service was excellent!  Definitely try the tea, and the pork roll.  The servers were very kind and considerate of a gluten allergy.  Absolutely recommend!Loved that it was a combination tea house and dim sum place.  We went on a Saturday night and it was full but not crazy busy - meaning no long waits like some of the other dim sum places.  It doesn't have the full on dim sum service with the carts, but the food was excellent! The soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and rose tea were my favorites!  If I lived in Philly, this would be a regular stop.I live in NYC and have been to the Nom Wah in NYC Chinatown several times, so I convinced my parents to try this place rather than one of their Philly Chinatown go-to spots. The dim sum here was great! I also liked that I could make a reservation (on OpenTable), which is rare for dim sum restaurants. 
I agree with other reviewers that I have had better xiaolongbao elsewhere, but everything else was very well done. Because you order from a menu rather than pick your dishes from a cart, everything comes to the table freshly made and piping hot. We appreciated that they didn't skimp on fillings and that they didn't bring out all of our dishes at once. 
The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is because the service leaves something to be desired. They should probably hire another waiter or two for peak hours. But if you're not in a rush and don't mind flagging down the waiter when you need him, it's not a huge deal.The pan fried dumplings are incredible!  That, and the Original Egg Roll, was enough to fill me up.  The staff was very nice as well, and the service was fast. Highly recommended.Loved the Dim Sum! Like the fact that it serves by the menu instead of cart, as they are fresh steamed/ cooked and served immediately. Possibly the best Dim Sum my family and I had in the States. Wished we had more time, would have gone back a second time before we left Philadelphia. Highly recommended!Four of us came here on a Monday night - a really slow evening on a hot summer day.  However, we are huge dim sum fans and we were ready to appreciate.  Nom Wah did not disappoint!  All our favorites were available and delicious.
Our server was helpful and made suggestions.  He knew about each dish or was very open to asking about ingredients.  I am gluten-free so I was asking some questions.
Eric, (the owner?) came out to chat with us and spoke with us about their place in Chinatown in NYC and the hopes of this (very) new place on the north side of Vine.
We will be back soon and are hopeful for the success of this fun place!This is as delicious, tasting as the original in NYC's Chinatown. I absolutely feel that Nom  Wah is the best of the best a la carte dim sum.
I went on a Sunday at noon and to my surprise there was NOT a line stretching out... It it was a pleasant suprise... It made me think the folks in Philly have not gotten around to taste this treasure trove of dim sum food. 
I recommend all the classic dim sum dishes including: hai cao, sui mai, fried shrimp-crab claw, chicken feet, pork buns, etc. 
 This location is a little smaller than its counterpart but the ambience is a more modern contemporary looking than the one in NYC. 
VIVA NOM WAH! Come to WASHINGTON DC!My first taste of dim sum was at Nom Wah Tea Parlor - on Doyers Street in NYC - in the early '70's.  Rocked my world.  Happy to say that the earth is shaking again now that NW has arrived here in Philly.  The first taste reminded me of how wonderful dim sum can be - an experience I had forgotten over decades of dining on other local offerings.  Nom Wah is to dim sum what High Street is to bread.  Nuf said.I like Dim Sum and saw some reviews of Nom Wah Tea Parlor and decided to give it a try. Nom Wah is a little off the beaten path and just outside of China Town on 13th Street. It is not highly visible when driving by as there is some construction going on outside.
The inside is contemporary and current. It doesn't look like a Chinese restaurant. There is a bar, brick walls and some really cool light fixtures. It is comfortable. The bathrooms have a cool Dim Sum wallpaper.
We ordered a bunch of different Dim Sum as we had 5 people in our party. We were the only ones there when we arrived which was a big contrast from Dim Sum Garden, which is always packed. Ordering is the traditional Dim Sum method, with a paper menu and the customer checks off the item items they would like. All of the Dim Sum dishes were very good. We really liked the Siu Bau buns. The buns were fresh and the BBQ pork filling was excellent. The soup dumplings were OK,but not near as good as Dim Sum Garden. We ordered a seafood pan-fried noodle dish off the specials menu. This was very tasty with large prawns and scallops. It was little pricey at $22.00. 
We had a couple of Tiger Beers but we didn't try the teas, Nom Wah has an extensive selection of teas as they are a tea parlor. My only complaint was the place was a little unclean. The front windows needed to be washed and the bathroom although not dirty could use a little love. It just would have made the overall experience better but still it was good, and worth a return trip.
3.75 yelp stars and it seems much easier to get a table then Dim Sum Garden, at least for now.
p.s. Went back and tried the teas. They were excellent!My friends and I came in for a visit after being curious of this restaurant and craving some dim sum. Unfortunately, the food was average and not memorable. However, the service was really nice! We didn't try any of the tea, but this place might not be the best place for you if you're really craving dimsum.Endless possibilities when it comes to Dim Sum and it is awesome you can find places that serve them ALL DAY LONG. 
Came here for dinner on a Thursday night. The place is not too big but big enough to accommodate several tables.
The staff was very friendly and always checked on us to make sure everything was okay. 
You get a sheet to order your items and the menu has pictures of every single dish which is awesome (how many times do we do the "I don't know the name but I know what it looks like!") 
We got the soup dumplings, the pork siu mai, the shrimp dumplings, the egg rolls, the sticky rice in lotus leaves and the noodles with superior sauce. 
The dumplings were all delicious. The soup dumplings were shaped differently than the standard xiao long bao but I still thought they were yummy. The sticky rice always has a special place in my heart and it did not disappoint.
Can I also say that boy oh boy those noodles were just perfect. You cannot stop eating them once you start I have now warned you!
The only dish that I didn't like as much were the egg rolls. But that is because I am quite picky with my egg rolls and I don't like when they have veggies in them.. not their fault. My friend on the other hand really loved them.
I have been recommending this place to my friends and I cannot wait to return.
Also big bummer: I forgot to check out the dim sum wall in the bathroom.... I will next time for sure hahaGreat dim sum, highly recommended. Very crowded on Sunday afternoon. Fortunately I made reservation online.I'm a fan just like the original in NYC and I'm so excited we finally have one in Philly! This place is more modern, cleaner and easier to find. I came here on a Friday evening with two friends with a bottle of wine since it is a BYOB establishment. Immediately, I felt the servers in the Philadelphia location are more personable, friendly and welcoming. I did not feel rushed, the store manager even came up to our table to ask about our experience, I could not complain about the service we received.
My only gripe about this restaurant is the $7.50 corkage fee, per bottle! We had two bottles but we only opened one. I mean seriously $7.50 per bottle is outrageous! We ordered fountain soda as well so it's not like you were losing money on drinks. I don't get that, it's a bit much.
For the food, well, you can't go wrong there. Absolutely delicious but if I was to be nitpicky, there were subtle difference between dishes from NYC compared to the Philly. The portion was slightly less with the sticky rice sausage. The pork steam buns were to die for, a must get item! The house dumplings was kind of dry and the wrapper was slightly hard. Everything else was good and I can't wait to return but let's do something about that corkage fee!Tried here on Thanksgiving day. Dim sum dishes range from B to A+.   My favorites are sticky rice wrapped with lotus leaf, and shrimp and chive dumplings, and taro dumplings.
Given that the food is good enough for me, what I really like best about Nom Wah is how the restaurant has a decor to give you a bistro-like feel unlike a stereotypical neighborhood Chinese restaurant.   It has a bar with a TV, which was showing an NBA game replay.  If I walk in blind, I might think that I have walked into a neighborhood wine bar or something.
Will definitely visit again next time in Philadelphia, and will try scallion pan cakes, soup dumplings, shrimp siu mai and other items I missed.
This is a part of my 2016 Thanksgiving weekend in Philadelphia.Found this place while looking for a dim sum restaurant on a day out with the kids. Literally everything we ordered was amazing! Not just good, but the best we ever had! Steamed pork bun and shrimp rice rolls (my personal obsession!) stood out the most. We're coming back next week so my husband can experience Nom Wah as well!Lots of tasty small platters to share. I was there with 3 friends and we ordered 10 items. This was plenty of food and great variety. The fried dumplings are a favorite!Outstanding dim sum menu! Wait staff is professional and courteous. The food freshness and quality is off the chain!!Quick, tasty and inexpensive - can't be beat!  Just step from the Hampton Inn ... where we were staying,  but totally worth a walk to get there!Great food, great service! We were very surprised how great and busy this place was on a Saturday night. It's a bit off the beat and path, but worth the trip.I ve never had Dim Sum before but this restaurant was terrific. The people working there were so helpful and kind. They were very welcoming. The wine and beer selections are great. The food was amazing. It was fun and delicious. We had such variety and the waiters would tell us what each item was as we had no idea. The eggplant was good. We had some several all veggies dishes, some shrimp dishes, and a very tasty noodle dish. They were served hot with sauces as applicable. There was usually 4 items per an order. I can't wait to return!!This place is great when you're craving dim sum! They have all the traditional dim sum dishes. They don't utilize carts so the food comes out to order and much hotter than sitting on a cart. My favorite dishes: fried crab claw, bean curd skin roll, and shrimp/beef rice noodle roll. My one criticism is that these price points are much higher than traditional dim sum places but it's worth it if you want your food extra fresh and hot.I was  verbally satisfied with the huge variety of plates. Food was good but some of rice roll tasted a little raw.  It sure if it was supposed to be that way but still yummy. What stood out the most was the roast pork bun. Would definitely returnDecent dim sum presented in a more modern, relaxed atmosphere. Orders arrived quickly during a late Saturday lunch. Fried chive buns and "OG" egg rolls had delicate, crispy textures and flavorful vegetable fillings. The sticky rice had good aroma and richness from the lap chong. The har gow, however, suffered from slightly under seasoned shrimp and inelegantly thick skins (I also prefer a larger size, but smaller isn't necessarily bad). Prices are a bit higher than the usual Chinatown dim sum. Overall, I look forward to returning to try more dishes and can comfortably recommend Nom Wah, even to non-Chinese speakers new to dim sum.After a recommendation from a friend who's taste buds I trust completely, my boyfriend and I came to see what the hype was about last Saturday. I know Sunday is more a "dimsum" kind of day, so maybe that explained why it was surprisingly empty inside. 
The restaurant is small and a little further away from all the busier china town spots, but it is definitely cleaner and less "Asian" inside, which I appreciated. 
The dim sum isn't on carts, but you fill out paper sheets, kind of like at sushi places. I liked that the menu had pictures of every item. 
We had the Chinese greens, which was basically Bok choy. I loved it! We also had the pork bun, pork shumai, soup dumplings, and scallion pancakes. Everything was so good! You can taste the freshness as opposed to when you're picking off a cart, not knowing how long ago something was made. 
I would come back, but there's something I still like better about the traditional dimsum. Maybe the instant gratification?Excellent in every respect. Delicious dim sum. Attentive but unobtrusive service. Casual and clean atmosphere. And all very reasonably priced. No disrespect to the rest of c-town. There are a couple great places to experience the crashing cart cacophony of what the heck am I eating and why is it only $1 dim sum places. This is a oh they spirited off my tea pot to go put more water in it so I could enjoy more delicate tea places. Somehow this is still a bit of a secret spot so enjoy that while it lasts.The dim sum was good. We ordered the giant pork bun which was the best dish. We also ordered a shrimp dumpling soup that was very bland. Everything outside of that was good including the shumai and sticky rice.- TIP:  BYOB but they also have a full bar.  Best of both worlds!
- CON: Service is fine -- but just fine.
- BOTTOM LINE: Fresh dim sum & pictures of everything on the menu. It's foolproof! Their soup dumplings aren't quite as good as Toms or Dim Sum Garden... but most other dim sum is actually better.  And the ambiance definitely beats those places too.I would definitely choose this as my go to dim sum place from now on. I had been wanting to go to the same restaurant in NYC for so long and was super excited Philly now has one. It has everything you'd typically order for dim sum and it's all very tasty with good sizes. My only complaint is that it's not a true dim sum style because there aren't carts. But, I actually like this now because my food will be less likely to have a food health hazard.(Let it be known this review is the prelude to a pickup order that's going to be placed immediately after submitting it. )
After a 2.5 month wait, I had the pleasure of having some fantastic food here. I really enjoyed this place and although I need to try it a few more times, it's likely this could supplant DSG as my go-to spot. It's also two blocks closer to mi casa y workplace. We need more food closer to Broad Street that's not of the  Golden Arches and sub-par pizza variety. This is one step closer to achieving this dream. 
Oh yes, the food:
_________________________________
Original Egg Roll: The truth. 
House Pork Buns: Could eat this thrice daily no problem. So good.
Salt & Pepper Shrimp: Tasty. They have eyes. They are watching you. Judging you. 
Shrimp Shumai: The best I've had in the city, maybe ever (no really maybe).
Scallion Pancakes: Very tasty and not super-greasy.
Minced Beef Dumpling Soup: Not bad, only ordered it because 1/3 of our triumvirate that day keeps kosher.
Chinese Broccoli: Always order Chinese Broccoli. Always. They will test your chopstick skills a la Mr Miyagi. 
Welcome Nom Wah. It's a pleasure to have you.
_________________________________
Eat here now, eat here often.
- ßTop notch! You can always find cheaper, but you will not find better quality, service, & welcoming hospitality. Yes, the martinis are "just right". Portions are large, so order accordingly. You will not be disappointed. This got bookmarked into my "return list" & will definitely come back. Also, if of interest, the building is historic.Great Dim Sum! Way better than Joy Tsin Lau. Everything is as very tasty and fresh. The pork buns alone should be reason to go check this place out. Very friendly service as well. Would highly recommend this place.Clean - Cool - and so delicious !
Just like NYC this dim sum joint pleases !
Soup dumplings are a great value and Uber yummy !
Best scallion pancakes I have ever had !
The other dishes were all masterfully executed and you can actually taste the love !
New regular haunt when I go to Philly !Nice dimsum place. Their sesame balls are amazing i keep coming back for them. Prices are really reasonable, around 25 dollars for 2 people. Ambience is fine. They are closed on Tuesdays.I'm very disappointed with this place.  The place is overpriced for three pieces of dumplings.   They're charging $4.60  The steamed dumplings are small and comes in three.   There are other restaurants I've visited and are much better.
I wouldn't go back there.  My sister and I visited there on a Sunday and wasn't crowded at all.I wasn't impressed. The food was bland. I expected more. We ordered the beef balls, Shanghai soup dumplings and tofu vegetable wrap and none were impressive. The tofu wrap was very oily, which surprised me. That said, the chicken dumplings on special that night were good and I would definitely have those again. The dumpling side sauce was also delicious.I loved the food here and the service. Everyone is really polite. Their food is pretty authentic Cantonese style dim sum but not as good as "Hk standards" but still good for phillyAfter seeing the ratings I wasn't optimistic. I've also been to the NY restaurant. But I was very pleasantly surprised! It's probably the best dim sum I've had in the east coast in years! Granted the selection could be expanded but each dim sum was cooked so well I didn't mind!!! Fantastic!!!Attention Philly: there is finally a really good dim sum place in the house! I have been cured of my dim sum PTSD induced by Philly's other dim sum spots. No more having to drive to NYC or flying back to California to get real dim sum. This is where you go to get the best dim sum in Philly. I didn't grow up eating soup dumplings which is the only offering that Philly has satisfied me with but the true staples are so sub-par at other spots. 
6 star dishes (soo good, MUST try, made me round my review up from 4 stars):
*shrimp rice noodle rolls: SO much better than the other dim sum places in philly, wow! super plump, tastey and fresh sweet tasty shrimp and tender non-brittle not overly thick/sticky 
*salt and pepper fried shrimp (shell is on but eat everything as is..it is so good)
*chicken feet: very fresh, very well-seasoned, cut perfectly, and topped with fresh jalapenos. this is how it should taste philadelphians.. not stale and congealed like  ocean harbor's or that one across from that *shivers* 
*pork and veggies wrapped in bean curd skin: hard to mess this up but wow this was really really good! can't wait to come back to try my favorite fried versions here as well
4 star dishes:
*pan fried noodles: awesome flavor! mixed crunchy and soft texture isn't for everyone but i really loved it and get it every time i come now. HUGE portion!
shrimp siu mai: very very good but i've been spoiled by some mind-blowing tastier siu mai from back home
sticky rice with chinese sausage: good filler to satisfy the carb craving but not a must-get
har gow/shrimp dumplings: rice casing was a bit thick but tasty chunky shrimp)
AVOID:
soup dumplings/XLB: sticky rice casing is too thick, balance of soup flavor was off, and tasted like it sitting around a little while. this has never been a must have at a dim sum restaurant for me growing up and i usually save this dish for exclusive pro-XLB places. this was borderline inedible to me.. just AVOID and order it at DSG/sakura/joe's/DTF instead.
Yes prices are a bit steeper than your average dim sum overall but for the area, this is worth it! I really wish they had beef tripe on the menu. In general, variety is really lacking when it comes to dim sum in the area so I will take what I can get. Everyone might have a different take on what a good dim sum meal is to them but good chicken feet, shrimp rice noodle roll, siu mai, tripe and har gow are my essentials which this place really nails most of. 
Also, the ordering system is well streamlined with a nice non-cart menu order system (don't worry they have decent pics unlike other non-cart dim sum places where I struggle to remember all my fave dim sum names, so I am very thankful!). Their tea selection/quality is amazing and service is fairly decent for being new.Delicious food and super polite staff- a real treat next to the convention center. PLUS- they have a full bar with good prices. Selection of aged tea was interesting and I like the experience. Private room downstairs that seats about 30.Love this place.  Quiet, great service, and the most excellent pea shoots and shrimp dumplings ever.  Great and delicious scallion pancakes, and bean curd skins.  Absolutely a great place to enjoy a weekend brunch!This place is pretty average.  Perhaps I had high expectations because this was an establishment from NYC.  However, the dim sum is not very exciting in terms of flavor.  You can order all of your traditional dim sum items, but they didn't taste freshly made and was definitely not the best I have had in Philadelphia.  Many of their dumpling items (hargow, taro dumpling, etc.) had very little filling inside and very thick skins.  The roast pork bun is very large but not very tasty.  Go to Ocean City.  Their dim sum is still the best in Philadelphia.Love this place. Prices are reasonable and I highly recommend the pork bun. Order about 6 dishes for two people. I come to this place every month.It's ok for an dim sum place. I rather go to the traditional dim sum places in Chinatown; overpriced and service is non-existence when busy.This is still one of the better places to eat dim sum (excluding soup dumplings) in Philly but the quality really fluctuates sadly. We came back recently and the food wasn't as good this time as the first few visits. We weren't given an option for the tea order this time as the lady just brought their standard brew I suppose.
After being really disappointed by the XLB/soup dumplings last time.. I foolishly wanted to try something new and ordered the dumplings IN soup as I was craving something liquidy w/veggies bc we didn't want to splurge on the veggie dishes. It was very very passable and tasted like something I could have dethawed it from Costco. The chicken feet was a really weird light color and didn't have the awesome punch it did the first few times. I still like the fried shrimp which you can eat with the shell on. The interesting partially crunchy pan fried noodles are the go-to carb order for us but I really wish they had srichacha for it as that was an amazing win as leftovers at home. Siu mai, shrimp noodle roll, fried shrimp, and shrimp tofu skin roll or the fried tofu skin roll are still my faves here. And yes, continue to avoid the soup dumplings here (AVOID like the plaque!). I hope they do something to spruce the place up quality and appeal-wise as it is definitely further out of the way on the outskirts of Chinatown.Delicious dumplings at a reasonable price. The quality is consistent. The steamed buns and the scallion pancakes are a mustGreat & cheap dim sum. Awesome place to go with a group and split a ton of small plates. The OG Egg Roll and the fried noodles were delicious.So happy to find this place right next to the hotel I was in. I admit it doesn't look like much but service was fast and food was delicious. Will definitely be back the next time I'm nearby.Some of the best Dim Sum I've had Philadelphia. Everything is only served fresh and hot! The tea is also pretty good. The staff is super friendly. I would recommend to anyone.A transplant from NYC Chinatown so I had high hopes for Nom Wah. However I was not that impressed by the food here.
First of all, the shrimp dim sum here is very salty, which I presume is to balance the milder sauces. But I think the shrimp is too heavily salted... I like the quality of the shrimp used in the dim sum - succulent and fresh... But definitely too salty! The wrapper of the shrimp in rice wrapper (虾长) is the redeeming factor.
Highlights of my dim sum dishes include: tofu skin wrappers (鲜竹卷), snow pea shrimp dumplings (雪菜饺子), and eggplant. The tofu skin wrappers (鲜竹卷) are a classic go-to of my family, and these were done quite well. The skin had a lovely texture and the sauce was mild but flavorful. The snow pea dumplings had really fresh and generous snow pea veggies as well.
Dishes I was disappointed in: taro and pork dumpling... (I bit into a piece of bone in this one and the pork flavor was weird...)
Another dish I was disappointed in was the sticky rice in bamboo wrapper (糯米鸡). Usually this is my favorite dim sum dish, and I think Nom Wah's chef has his heart in the right place. The meat stuffings were quality and tasted fresh and the rice is delicious... But the rice was also UNDERCOOKED, and my friend found a piece of plastic in her meat... It's unfortunate because I really wanted to like this dish. I just think more attention needs to be paid in the process of making this.
Overall, a mixed batch of authentic dim sum flavors. I loved the quiet ambiance here and the teas. Did not appreciate needing to pay for the tea though...This place was ok for dim sum. Scallion dumplings was fantastic here though. I wished they had the traditional sauces on the table. Also the soy sauce for some of the dishes that should be sweet and salty was too bland. At other places they would offer us more sauce, but they didn't here. If you're looking for the traditional dim sum atmosphere... this is not the place. It's more modern and a good place to grab a couple of dishes. It is on the pricier side for this kind of food, but they do offer a little bit more per plate compare to other places.Not your typical Philly dim sum spot, but they have most of the classics and they are top-notch!
If you want the traditional dim sum experience of carts piled high with stacks of small platters, where the staff scribbles nonsense on a little yellow card, you won't find that here. 
At Nom Wah, you fill out a menu with check boxes next to each item. 
Pros:
- Everything is really warm and clearly just cooked. 
- I think the overall quality is better than the traditional dim sum spots in Chinatown.
- Service is very good.
- Reasonably priced
Cons:
- Maybe this was a one-time thing, but I did not enjoy the soup dumplings. 
- You can't really pace yourself the way you can with carts, the food comes out whenever it's ready. 
Overall, I highly recommended if you're looking for quality dim sum dishes in a less chaotic atmosphere.Summer 2015. Food was wonderful and full of flavor. 
Summer 2016. Food was bland and tastes like it has been in the freezer for way too long.
I wouldn't order the egg roll.Great first dim sum experience. Loved the shrimp dumplings so much that we ordered more. The service was beyond amazing. They explained how to properly eat the soup dumplings which was helpful lol. We came here on thanksgiving and felt like we were treated like family. Highly recommend this place!This is my go to place for dim sum. They are very gluten-free friendly with a menu stating exactly what you can and cannot have with corresponding photos for every order. 
However for those who do not have to be gluten free and have not experienced a true dim sum experience, I highly recommend going to those places where you order off the carts. Not so much for the food, but more so for the experience (and they have more authentic Chinese dim sum options, I mean come on #YOLO try crazy things you never had in your life!). 
Overall I still much prefer the quality of the foods here for the limited options I may have from dim sum food.This place is all about atmosphere. Good food, too, but missing some little touches. Cold spots in buns, missing spoons, that kind of thing. Good dim sum- soup dumplings, pork buns, etc. Beer and wine, no liquor. Adorable diner atmosphere. Super cheap prices. So filling! Would return!great dim sum...all food arrived hot and steaming and service was great...bill was under 50 for two...favorites included fried crab claw, shrimp and snow pea dumpling, and turnip cakeWe only order from Nom Way Tea Parlor when we get dim sum. Very prompt delivery. Food is EXCELLENT.Our party of 8 all agreed on a solid 4 stars. My absolute favorite way to dine is small plates, whether it be dim sum or tapas. It's just such a great way to share and be able to taste a wide variety of food. This style of dining, I believe, is especially fun with a larger party like we had! 
We didn't have reservations on a Friday night around 7:30pm. We street parked without issue and were seated quickly in the restaurant just the same. The place is on the smaller side but pushing together tables to accommodate our party wasn't an problem at all. Exposed brick, a welcoming bar and fun dim sum wall paper in the restroom! Take a peek! 
Our waiter Jay brought waters and took drink orders immediately. He was very friendly, knowledgable, attentive and on point the entire time. He was really great!! We looked over the extensive menu with veg and gluten free items clearly marked. We filled out 1 order card for our entire table and the dishes came out sporadically which was great because it wasn't too much at once and by the time we were finished one set of plates, another piping hot one was on its way! 
Here's what we ordered and what our table said: 
Tofu scallion-4 very tasty could be a tad crispier 
Soup 2.5 was just ok. The wontons themselves were very good 3.5 
Fried noodles with scallions and onions-4 Delish!! Pricier 
Shrimp shumai-5 A favorite!!!! 
Shrimp & snow peas-4 
Steamed pork ribs- different that what you're used to. only one person at the table liked them and he liked them a lot. 
Scallion pancakes- 3 not as thick as we're use to 
Taro dumplings -3.5 "has the flavor of  what Beijing smells like" says two people who lived in Asia. Needed a little dip in sauce. Unique. 
Stuffed eggplant- 5!!! 
Pork buns-4 sauce was a little sweet 
Pork shumai-4
Shrimp shumai, pan seared noodles with scallions ans onions and the shrimp paste, bean curd stuffed eggplant were highlights and what we would recommend the most. 
Worth a stop! Some liked it better than the other real popular dim sum place nearby. Won't mention names. I'm glad we came! It's been bookmarked for awhile. Overall, a great dinner with our entire crew! 
Be sure to leave room for tea, red bean buns or almond cookies for dessert. We ate too much and didn't. Whomp whomp.
BYO.First time here today and definitely will be back. Food came out relatively quick and most of the dishes were spectacular.
Their scallion pancakes are perfectly crispy, their soup dumplings are flavorful, and their bacon wrapped shrimp: WOW. It was heavenly goodness.
We also got a variety of dishes and there wasn't anything to really complain about as it lived up to other dim sum places.
I would try their eggplant and shrimp combo which was delicious and that's saying something because I usually steer clear of eggplants but it was soft and seasoned well.
The only dish I didn't care for was the shrimp and chive buns. Very little shrimp compared to the overwhelming amount of chives. I wouldn't have minded had the chives been seasoned but they just seemed like they were haphazardly cut and stuffed so the bun itself lacked taste.
Can't complain about the prices either.
Would definitely go back.
I'm terrible with exact names so I'll upload the pictures from today.Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here. The chicken feet, bao buns and soup dumplings were our favorite items. Would definitely recommend. Good and friendly service too! We will be going back for sure.Came to celebrate the end of freshman year of college. Great food, great environment, just what I expected. Generous portions. Ambiance is definitely better than Dim Sum Garden for dinners with family; food is about the same, possibly slightly better.Worst and most expensive dim sum I've ever had. Literally everything was bland as white paper, and we had to drown everything in soy and chili oil. The chicken feet was somehow mushy. How though?? The siu mai, har gao staples were major disappointments. Again... how???? 
There are 6 of us leaving full and unsatisfied. We almost didn't want the leftovers to take home but we're Chinese. 
This place is made for white people. No offense. I actually asked and they said not a lot of Asians dine there.Wonderful! Hand crafted dim sum - clearly using high quality ingredients and made with care. I would definitely recommend giving it a try, and you can't miss the pork su Mai. It's a few blocks off the beaten track but worth it.I can not say enough about this little Dim Sum place. We travel regularly and are in Philly only about 6-7 times a year, I'm currently sitting here at Nom Wah after a two hour flight, we ubered over hoping they'd be open for Labor Day. 
Jenny has been our hostess and waitress twice and is lovely. She gives you the best suggestions on the menu and can explain anything to you. 
The buns here are absolutely perfect, don't miss out on them for something more familiar, although their noodle bowls are extremely well done and traditional, as well. 
Vegetarians- don't worry! This place has options for you. 
The house pork buns are a must try here, as are the dessert red bean buns- which are really hard to find up north. 
My only complaint is that they don't have a location in New England.Was there today for lunch, third visit in a few years,  food was super fresh, clean and tasty.  I would highly recommend staying away from the Americanized Chinese dishes as they have lots of good authentic Chinese dishes (as authentic as they can for American market). 
Also nice selection of various teas.  So avoid drinking water and drink tea with your meal.  
I enjoyed the rice rolls with cilantro, shrimp and pea dumplings (my favorite this time) stuffed tofu rolls and a bit of the ribs. Super filling very good!!!If you're Chinese and looking for the dim sum you grew up eating, this is not the place for you. Everything we had seemed "off". The turnip cake was very starchy, rice rolls thick and heavy, and wrappers for shrimp roll and xiao long bao were thick and chewy. Also a very strange "original egg roll" on the menu - never encountered that before!
If you're craving dim sum but have a baby and aren't feeling up to the noisy/greasy chaos of the more "authentic" joints (ie Joy Tsin Lau, Ocean Harbor), this place is for you. Extra star for cleanliness and high chair.Came here for dimsum on a Saturday morning- it was pretty empty so we were seated quickly. This review is just for the dim sum. 
They don't push the cards around here, instead you check off what you want on a piece of paper and they bring it out. They have a menu full of pics in case you don't know the name. They have all the usual dim sum dishes- chicken feet, siu mai, shrimp rice crepe, etc It was kind of pricey - 20 bucks a person for 5 people so the bill was around 100...
Service is pretty good and it's clean. The quality of food is alright...I think ocean harbor is better for dim sum.I ate spicy chive dumplings, service was really fast and manager personally made sure I am enjoying my food. Of course it was delicious.
I never been there in rush hours, so I can only talk about when there were couple customers around, even though I am really satisfied with food, staff, ambiance and complimentary tea. Will come there again, for sure.The taste of dim sum here is average compared other dim places in philly chinatown.  As for the price its pretty expensive. The price range from 4.50 to 12 for certain dishes. Compared to 2.50 dishes in philly chinatown.  The place is not crowded and for good reason too the food is pricy and service isnt that grat as well. I would say save some money by going to ocean harbor for dim sum.Despite the lack of carts, this place is legit! The cleanliness of the space and attentiveness of the staff make Nom Wah truly stand out from all the other Chinatown restaurants. Their dim sum was fresh and reasonably priced. I can't wait to come back here for many more meals.Good hot food , cooked to order, no push cart. Large variety of Dim Sum. Nom Wah has a bar serving alcoholic beverages. The restaurant is a block or two out side of Chinatowns center, walking distant. Finding parking is a lot easier than Chinatown. I've been there four times this year and have enjoyed the food each time , clean restrooms great wallpaper and restaurant, thou the pan fried noodles are only noodles very plan.Wow, does this place do good food.  
On a recent visit we had shanghainese soup dumplings, pan fried chicken dumplings, curried beef dumplings, stuffed eggplant, and fried mei fun with vegetables.  
all of the dumplings were fantastic. the best of them might have been the curried beef, which was not served in a typical "steamed" or "fried" type of dumpling skin, but rather a thin crispy pastry, much like phyllo. this was then fried. the curry was subtle, and was not harsh.  i like curry of all sorts a lot. this tasted like a quality curry. 
this is not to slight the soup buns or the chicken dumplings. they are both very well done. 
the eggplant was stuffed with shrimp paste. this stuck me as an unusual combination, but worked really well. 
the mei fun noodles were well cooked and simply served. 
the food was prepared and served fairly promptly. 
dim sum plates are priced around $4.50, so you can easily afford to try several different items without breaking the bank. the mei fun was reasonably priced at $10.00 and was enough for two full size plates. 
the restaurant looks like it was a former bar location. it was nice to have a meal of this sort in a place that was not "decorated" with a dirty linoleum floor and sticky tables. 
the bathrooms were very clean and showed signs of regular attention by the staff. 
the floor of the restaurant though needs to be introduced to a broom. there were crumbs everywhere on the floor around our table - before we sat down. at that time the restaurant had only one large party going on.  someone could have taken two minutes to clean the floor. 
and, as for that large party - did they request the country music?  i believe so, as the music changed after that party left. country and chinese is not a good combination, but on the other hand it is a sign that this staff considers their clientele.They did not bring one of the dishes we ordered, the food was overall very disappointing (the shu mai were the same as the ones I buy frozed at HMart), the stuffed eggplant was bland.  The Turnip cake was good.  The service was awful, we could not get any attention when needed.  We will not return.  We will be going back to Ocean Harbor and Dim Sum Garden.Missed out on dim sum? No worries, this place serves dim sum all day! They have all the usual dim sum dishes here. The food is good and the place serves it fast. Unlike other dim sum places, there is not cart pushed around. You have place your each and they make each dish fresh. 
The ambience here is quiet and there's also a bar here as well. 
The food here is a little more pricey than normal dim sum prices.Very fun place to eat! Definitely newer, a little more upscale than some other dim sum restaurants in the area. Very fast and friendly servers. At one point, a well dressed man who I assume is the owner or manager came over to check on us. He asked us how we liked the soup dumplings (which we loved) and he explained that they might not be as tasty (which was untrue), but they were healthier because of how they make them. Very nice that he checked in and talked to us about the food! 
My favorite menu highlights were the spring rolls, pork soup dumplings, and the scallion pancakes. The pan fried noodles were also great. 
My advice would be to pace yourself. We ordered six or seven things (for two of us...) and regretted it as it started to come out because it was so much food. It comes out fast, so order two or three at a time. That's plenty. Enjoy!A nice option in town for dim sum.  We used to go to the original location in NYC and were curious to see how this compared.  The restaurant is only about a block away from the vine street expressway, with a relatively small and sparsely decorated space.  The food overall was very good, but we have had better soup dumplings elsewhere in town.  One nice feature is the menu, which allows you to look at the individual items pictured on the menu and order on paper.  This makes the process much easier than other dim sum restaurants where the carts are simply brought by the tables with random items.  The service was relatively fast and the waiters were attentive.This place is great! It has a modern feel but traditional food that is wholesome and real. We had the pork roll, scallion pancakes, and beef brisket soup. All were exceptional! It can get busy so you can make reservations or come closer to closing to get a good spot. They serve alcohol and have great hot tea(one pot is good for two people- depending on how much tea you drink). Try it!Delicious! We checked this place out because it was next to our hotel and we were so pleased. It was soooo good. Especially the house noodles. Yum yum yum!I was looking for a good dim sum place in chinatown. I didn't want to go to the usual spots because the dim sum isn't all that great. Looked through yelp and cam across nom wah. I'm so happy that I found this place! Dim sum made to order! What more can I say. The food is delicious and the decor is nice! This will be my go to spot, and on top of that dim sum is served all day!Very good dim sum with the traditional dishes. I've been twice and was not disappointed. Excellent pork buns.Went here last night. Previously I had been here one year ago. The quality has gone downhill significantly or it was a bad night. Not sure which but I really wasn't feeling it as most of the dishes tasted off. I'll give them another chance but only after I've heard some good things.Not the most authentic place I've been to for Dim Sum, but had to try this place given all the reviews and photos. They don't push carts here so you don't get the authentic experience, but the food comes out fresh. Not as many options for dim sum, and the menu seems to cater more towards americanized asian cuisine. Was surprised by the quality and taste of the dim sum though, the har gow and shumai were some of the best I have ever tasted. A bit more expensive than the dim sum I am used to but would come back due to the excellent taste.I love that everything comes out piping hot and fresh because you are ordering what you want rather than picking off of the carts. We ordered some staples that we love in other dimsum restaurants so that there could be a barometer for measurement as well as a dumpling sampler which contained 8 different steamed dumplings.
Sticky rice with chinese sausage - good flavor but a tad dry.
Xia long bao/ soup dumplings - filling was tasty but virtually no broth and the wrap a little thick.
Shrimp pork and chive pan fried dumplings were excellent. although heavy on the chive and minimal pork/shrimp, the dumpling skin was thin, non greasy and crispy exterior with a tender bite.
Shrimp in rice noodle - shrimp filling was perfectly cooked but the rice noodle although tender and texturally nice was too thick.
The turnip cake was the star. It is hard to find a great turnip cake in Philly's chinatown. In my personal opinion theirs is the best of any I have had. It is pan fried crispy on the outside and smooth on the inside. No greasy or odd aftertaste at all and fresh/ hot. The accompanying sauce is unnecessary and cloyingly sweet.
The hot oil is of a medium intensity but had a sweetness to it that was not unpleasant but did add to a repetetive sweetness component not generally experienced in hot chili oil. Service was excellent and there is a full bar so paired with a somewhat swanky yet small interior could make for great happy hour or evening noms. It is nice that they serve Dim sum only and all day so you can get your fix anytime. 
A solid 3.5 stars.Super tasty! My friends and I were able to try this place for the first time and we loved it. The staff was incredibly on top of everything, from explaining how it works, to being ready with a refill. The food was tasty (Favorite was definitely the Shrimp & Snow pea) and surprisingly filling. I recommend giving it a shot but just remember: the place is small. The food is fantastic & the price is definitely worth coming back for!As a dim sum frequenter, mostly to Philly's Ocean Harbor, I was excited to try Philly's first non-cart style of dim sum that I have only experienced in Toronto.  Seated beneath Chow Yun Fat's autograph picture, they flaunt off their big guns and NYC reputation.  
The pros: mostly everything was tasty and freshly prepared like straight from the fire wok which is the advantage of delivering these small plates straight from the kitchen versus having them simmering in a cart. The shrimp Sui Mai, turnip cake, shrimp and chive dumpling (gow choi bao) were the best . 
The cons: the pork Sui Mai which is a Dim Sum staple for all enthusiasts and newbies was a big disappointment. It was a legit dumpling with chunks of pork meat inside but each bite was just too chunky that it didn't taste airy and tender. The taste is also off. The price is also way pricier than the norm. For a group of 3, the bill came to $70 and that's before tip. The service is also not smooth as compared to its Chinatown competition.
Overall, aside from the Sui Mai, this is the best dim sum "tasting" experience in Philly. I would come back and pay a bit more for a superior tasting experience except this time I would focus on ordering only what's good.  As for newbies wanting to explore the Dim Sum world for the first time, as chaotic as it sometime can get, the cart method is still the way to go. It is still one of the most unique dining experience and you don't get that here.We ordered eight dishes here with some oolong tea. The house special pork bun was tasty but there was a lot of bread. The soup dumplings were delicious. The stuffed eggplant, shrimp dumplings, pan fried turnip cake, and vegetables in tofu wrap were all very delicious. The steamed lotus buns we didn't get to because we were so full from everything else we had to bring them to go. We thought this place had very beautiful looking dim sum, but the selection wasn't that large and everything seemed to have the same ingredients in them. They also messed up part of our order but were nice enough not to charge us for our tea. Overall I would recommend!My buddy and I decided to venture a few blocks out of Chinatown for dim sum, mainly because the waiting list at our usual spot was 20 deep. Nom Wah's space is undersized and slightly cramped for dim sum. Good thing was there was no wait, we were seated almost immediately. 
First thing I noticed were the lack of carts. Second thing I noticed were the prices on the menu. They start at almost double what your usual Chinatown small dishes would be. I guess I shouldn't be too surprised for a place that originated in NYC. I wouldn't mind the increased prices if the food quality matched, but it didn't. After a long wait, our dishes started to appear at the table, cold. 
The Shrimp Siu Mai and Shrimp Dumplings (ha gao) were pretty standard. The spare ribs and chicken feet were seriously lacking. 
Maybe Nom Wah is still working their kinks out since they just had their grand opening. I probably won't be back until I hear otherwise.As good as it gets.
First, the staff is very kind and knowledgeable and the restaurant is great for dining in. Not what you always get with a Dim Sum.
Second, the food is delicious. We had a group of maybe 7 and we ate more food than I ever thought was possible. The dishes just kept coming. Unlike many Dim Sum places, Nom Wah Tea has many good vegetarian offerings. 
The price point was very reasonable. With tip I think we each paid around $22. 
The part I liked the most was the unique wall papers in the restrooms. It looked like something from the 1970's or 1980'sNew York-based Dim Sum house in the Chinatown district.
Although it's easy to miss from the street, Nom Wah's interior is trendy and a comfortable place to relax on a sunny afternoon. Food is ordered by filling out little forms, an efficient system even for big groups, and the extensive menu provides helpful tips for even the most ignorant dim sum neophyte. We ordered a variety of dishes and didn't have to wait long.
The first dish out of the kitchen was their house special pan fried pork dumplings. Thin-skinned, savory, and slightly sweet, they are good but don't stand out among the plethora of potsticker offerings in the neighborhood. I particularly enjoy the dumplings from Simply Shabu. Next, we sampled the shrimp siu mai, which were well-done. Lots of tender shrimp meat wrapped up in an open dumpling wrapper, a definite must-try if you're a fan of shrimp.
Along came a few of the heavier dishes, including deep fried whole shrimp. Battered, fried to a crisp, and sprinkled with salt and pepper, these are just wonderful. As a bonus, you don't even have to peel them -- just eat them whole! The other highlight of the meal was Nom Wah's salt & pepper fried pork short ribs. Tender meaty niblets deep-fried and served up hot. Just don't forget to share, unless you are a glutton for grease-induced stomachaches. Their chicken feet, an old standby for Chinese people and adventurous eaters, are good as well. The skin is tender and falls right off the bones.
Unfortunately, our last dish quite literally left a sour taste in our mouths. Nom wah's xiao long bao are really subpar -- particularly disappointing as this is supposed to be THE quintessential dim sum specialty! Each dish at Nom Wah is supposedly made by hand, but these did not taste fresh at all. Instead, the bao were sour. What's more, the dumpling wrappers are supposed to be thin and pliant, but these were thicker and doughier than your least favorite Congressman.
We ordered tea as well but it never came, so I can't comment on that.
Overall, hit-and-miss. I expected better. I'll stick with Dim Sum Garden in the future.Delicious dim sum meal at Nom Wah! He service was excellent and the waiter was very friendly and helpful with answering questions! 
Our favorite dishes were the Shrimp Dumplings, Pan-Fried Noodles and Shrimp Shumai. The Chicken Dumplings (a special) were also really good but we're friend and we prefer our Dumplings steamed. 
My brother loved the House Special Pork Dumplings and the Veggie Rice Roll. The Shrimp Rice Roll was ok but there is a lot of rice noodle. 
We were not a huge fan of the egg rolls despite Jen being a specialty. Very different than normal egg rolls. 
The restaurant is small and they take reservations. We got lucky to get in on a Thursday night without one. They had to keep turning people away because of big groups coming! 
Can't wait to go back and try more!Love it. I've been looking for a dim sum place that can hold my Cantonese standard in Philly, and here it is. Tried almost half of the items on the menu, and only two things that were not on par with my expectations: the shrimp fried rice and the rice rolls (aka cheong fun). The fried rice was way too dry, and the rice rolls were thick and lacking the smoothness. Unlike most of the dim sum places, this place is cooked to order, so no more cold/dry/stale dim sum from the cart. If you are only looking for the experience of quick dim sum and picking your food right from the cart, but not the food itself, I suggest that you should go somewhere else. PLUS it's obvious to tell that they make the dim sum from scratch, not just reheat the frozen dim sum that you can get from the grocery stores like everywhere else. It's a bit more expensive than other places, but I wouldn't mind to spend a few more bucks for quality dim sum. There weren't many people because it's still having a soft opening, so RUN over there before it gets too crowded! I'm gonna stuffed my face with dim sum whenever I have a chance from now on!The best part: unlike most dim sum places in Philly they have a selection of teas. By the cup or pot. Good thing, as I can drink 2 pots myself. In lieu of coffee.
I wanted this to be more than it was. The dim sum selection was very standard. Less greasy then many, and fresh. But I guess I was hoping for a new level of variety. 
The soup dumplings (4/order) had a nice flavor and were nicely formed, but the skins were very thick and doughy. And I missed the crab I've become accustomed to. My daughter loved them. She loves dough.
The turnip cake was light and crisp, but lacking in the usual mix-ins of bacon, dried shrimp and mushroom.
Scallion pancake was denser than the eye-opening ones we had in Flushing recently--they were flaky and crisp, not dense.
The fried dumplings were spot on--folded northern style, not potstickers. A nice change. Frying gave them a nice crisp side.
We mistakenly ordered the tofu skin rolls instead of the bean curd skin rolls (the latter come with sauce). They graciously replaced it. The rolls were heavier on the meat than I'm used to. Maybe a good thing if meat=value?
We sat at the counter; service was great.
It is small, maybe a dozen+ tables. The size of a small Philly BYOB.   
Our bill (for 2) was $31--about 50% higher than at most other places. Even so, I wonder how they will be able to sustain such a small place. Must take quite a kitchen staff to pump all that out?
it is a nice addition to Philly's dim sum culture, hope it works out! I'd stop in for tea and snacks. Not sure I'd wait in the weekend dim sum line again though.The location is a bit out of the way from the rest of the hustle and bustle of Chinatown, but I paid a visit since it had great reviews and my Chinese family was in the mood for dim sum for lunch. The items were a bit pricey for the quantity, and our overall opinion was that it was okay but not worth the $ (and I think the tastes might be catered more towards American, not Asian or American Asian, tastes):
+ Chinese broccoli - a bit too sweet and salty, too much juice everywhere, but the texture it was cooked to was fine
+ Shrimp & snow pea leaf dumpling - tasty, big fan of pretty much any shrimp dumpling in those translucent wrappers
+ Shanghai soup dumpling - pretty standard, maybe lacking in very much soup, good
+ Tofu skin roll - not bad, had to dip in chili oil for more flavor
+ "Original" egg roll - the fried exterior was pretty special, but unfortunately the fillings were a bit bland, didn't complement the roll that well, and the flavors just didn't mesh together well
+ Turnip cake - standard, good
+ House special roast pork bun - filling was way too sweet; cool presentation of a single giant bun though
Service was prompt during Sunday lunch hour though.Best place in Philadelphia for dim sum. Although a little pricey, the freshness and taste makes up for it.I refuse to go to any other Dim Sum places in the city.  Nom Wah is the ultimate.  I visit or get take out every two weeks or so and every time I try something new I am so happy.  The soup dumplings, pork buns, lotus leaf with sticky rice, shrimp stuffed eggplant, shu mai (pork or shrimp), scallion pancakes... I could go on and on and on.  I love you Nom Wah. Never change.This is 100% without a doubt the best. Best dim sum. Best dumplings. Best value. 
Every time we eat at some fancy place in center city, I spend $100 per person and wish I had just gone to Nom Wah Tea Parlor
Everything's good but I will always order the following base order:
Scallion pancake
Turnip cake 
Shrimp shumai 
Shanghai soup dumpling 
The original crispy egg roll (that's right, they invented the egg roll)
Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce 
Everything is so bomb. I thought about not writing the review because this is currently the best kept secret in Philadelphia. The one in NYC is constantly packed, nobody seems to know about his one yet. 
Go support these people, you will not regret it. So good......so good.Amazing. We will be back for sure. Dumplings and Chinese broccoli were delicious. Also the fried turnip cakes !Came here via foodbabyny reference. Loved all the dumplings. The soup dumplings kept getting stuck to steamer pot and would burst from pulling it off the paper, before it got to my mouth...I am usually not thrilled when someone suggests Chinese food.  This restaurant has changed my mind.  The food choices were amazing.  The quality outstanding. The service was excellent.  I will go back,!Great place for good quality dim sum food without the hustle and bustle of your stereotypical Chinese place. It's very clean and the staff are all very attentive.This review is easy. The food here is EXTRAORDINARY! The service is ver good and I would come back in a heartbeat (except I live in Chicago).I've been here twice since the soft opening on March 4th. it's the best dimsum place in Philly. Everything is really fresh and delicious.They accept credit card, which is a huge plus. Intimate restaurant with a bar area and 2 beers on tap lol. Smaller menu with pictures and you can check box the dishes that you want on a piece of paper and hand it to the server. The staggering was a little bit weird, but felt like the dishes were made to order. Tea is $1 a person, and there is a decent selection. Bummed out that the taro cakes (wutaogao) were not served traditionally. Instead, they were cut up and smothered in a pepper sauce. Outside of that, all the dim sum was really solid. Thoroughly enjoyed the soup dumplings (xiaolongbao). Outside of that, we had a good selection of different dishes, and they were all pretty good. Stuffed and only paid around $15 a person. OK service, kinda wish they had more than two servers on the floor.This review is based on getting delivery. They use Caviar (similar to GrubHub) as they delivery service and it was seamless. I received a message when my food was on the way and was able to track the location (similar to Uber).
I got three different types of dumplings, soup, and stir fry noodles.
The food was really good. The quality and flavor was better then most other places in Chinatown which is reflected in the price.
I've eaten at Tim Ho Wan in Hong Kong so I know dumplings!Freaking excellent soup dumplings. Great date atmosphere. Great service. Authentic. Will certainly be returning. The manager/owner is a pro. Customer service oriented and is managing the staff like a champ. I'm impressed.Had dinner with a couple friends here about 1-2 months ago? We came right around 7pm on a Friday night and this place was surprisingly EMPTY! We were all really shocked about that, but proceeded to order food anyway. We got the steamed bun, which was really good, steamed pork, salt and pepper shrimp (you get a LOT of shrimp), shu-mai, and a bunch of other dishes. All of them were really good, which made it even more confusing as to why this place was empty. Granted, the location is kind of in the middle of no where, a block or two out of Chinatown and kinda near the Convention Center. 
Pricing was alright, the dishes are obviously dim-sum sized and prices ranged between $4-$12 ish per dish. I would be willing to take my parents here one time for a quick lunch or dinner.Food is 3 stars but giving the 1 extra star for the ambiance. Super friendly staff, full bar, and none of the craziness of a normal dim sum place (no carts, etc.) --- so it's very accessible for any one new to dim sum and just trying for the first few times (and doesn't speak Mandarin).
If you're a beginner to dim sum, come here. Otherwise, you probably already know the good spots in Chinatown for better food :)Awesome dinner here this evening. This was our first dim sum experience. Amazing flavors and all around delicious. Prices were very affordable. Just an all around awesome meal. Very friendly service too. Highly recommend.Amazing place for dim sum, everything is hot and cook to order. The space is smaller but the staff and owner are super friendly. It's a bit on the pricey side but the food is definitely worth it. The Har Gow (shrimp dumplings) are delicious.I'll start this off with I'm a huge fan of dim sum. My opinion was always that dim sum should be brought steaming hot and plentiful in quantity. Although the wait for the food was a little much, the meal delivered big time. The house pan fried dumplings and bacon wrapped shrimp were both very filling and tasty, even without the side sauces. The scallion pancakes were more like scallion crepes (a bit flat) but still good nonetheless. 
The only thing we didn't like was that drinks took awhile considering there were around twenty people in the restaurant and there was a brief snafu with the check. The restaurant itself offered a very tranquil vibe that jived well with the group. 
In the end, the dim sum was phenomenal, drinks were solid but just took awhile. We will definitely be back!Over priced dim sum that tasted "OK". Definitely not the best I've ever had. The most disappointment dish would have to be the fried dough wrapped in rice roll. It didn't taste fresh at all. My shrimp dumplings fell apart when I picked it up with my chopped stick. Failed. And I cannot get over that they didn't have a high chair or booster seat for my 16 months old son. It's dim sum aka a family affair brunch for god's sake! And not to mention the rude waiter who simply said, we don't have it and walked away when we asked. This is my first and last time, sorry Nom Wah. You failed.This has become my go to place for dim sum. If you are used to the push cart style dim sum restaurants then this might not be the place for you. The dim sum is ordered with a paper menu which is accompanied with a traditional picture menu with descriptions of each dish. This leads to a much more efficient dim sum experience. Gone are the days of hoping you luck out with the carts and possibly get what you want. Not only is this more efficient but it leads to fresher and better tasting dishes as each dish is heated up or made to order. I can't remember the last time at any other dim sum restaurants in Philly have I got a hot crispy order of turnip cakes. 
All the dishes here honestly just taste better since they haven't been sitting in a push cart being kept warm and getting soggy and losing flavor. If you have the time to sit and enjoy dim sum this would be the place to get it. If you plan on doing take out where it will get soggy anyways any other dim sum restaurant will work just as well.I've eaten Dim Sum all over the East Coast from Florida to NY and this is by far the best we've ever had. The service is great, the ambience is hip, and the food is over the top AMAZING. The Roast Pork Bun is the Freshest I've ever had. I can't wait to come back!Meh. After reading the reviews on yelp, and given my penchant for all things dim sum, I was very excited to try the food at nom wah. However, the food was at best, unimpressive. At worst, it was inedible. I ordered a mai tai which tasted like rubbing alcohol. To their credit, the wait service was speedy even on a busy Saturday night, but I can't picture myself coming back again.The food is less impressive on my second try and service has suffered - 20 minutes for spare ribs and they forgot my tea! The $5 per dimsum plate Is pricey too. Too bad.Came here for Mother's Day dim sum and really enjoyed it. The place is clean, service is courteous and efficient and best of all, food is tasty and authentic. I am happy to find a great dim sum option in Philly, much closer drive than NYC. The pea shoot dumpling, turnip cake and sausage sticky rice were a few of my favorites. It's not a push cart place, you order everything on a check list and they keep bringing the food... Hoping for a bigger selection in future like congee or seafood options. For now they get the basics down.I went here with my husband for dinner recently and we were pretty underwhelmed considering the reviews this place gets. These days it seems hard to find a dim sum place that isn't under investigation by the health dept. so we decided to check this place out. Now Wah is cute, if not a little cramped, inside... and definitely clean. As non-pork eaters, the menu felt pretty limiting, if you're vegetarian.. forget it, you'll leave hungry. The service was quick, although we didn't have a consistent server from start to finish, it seemed like whoever was around helped us. The food itself was pretty boring. The xiaolongbao from dim sum garden is much better, the ones here barely had any broth! The fried dishes, like scallion pancakes also seemed super oily. 3 stars for the attentive service (which is a rarity in chinatown), clean and stylish atmosphere, and cleanliness.From NYC... moved away and died slowly without my dim sum. Came to Philly on a whim and discovered this was here. I am so happy. I almost cried. 
Delicious food as always, it's almost like I'm back home.Second time to have lunch here. Waiting almost 20 minutes, no water no menu. The table haven't been cleaned. The waiter brought two cups for hot water, and one of them is dirty. Never come back again. My first one star review in Yelp.The food was fresh, warm and delicious. My favorite were the shrimp balls, scallion pancake, chicken feet and shrimp roll. The food came out quickly and the workers were very friendly. Love that they serve dim sum all day and no lines!We came here on a Sunday around 1:20pm. It was not crowded at all; we got to pick our own table.
It's a cute little restaurant. Not authentic at all, mostly for tourists. They don't have people pushing carts for dim sum. You order the food off the menu and they make it fresh for you. 
The food and quality was okay. Most of the dishes were a little too greasy for me or didn't have enough flavor. They have lots of teas and they also serve Starbucks coffee lol. 
The service could be better, we kept waving down the servers. They weren't attentive or friendly. 
Nom Wah is located outside of Chinatown. The prices are a bit expensive. If you want a full authentic dim sum experience, this isn't the place to be. If you don't care about the experience and just want Dim Sum all day, then this is the spot.I suspect this is over-hyped due to it being a successful establishment in NYC.  I finally tried it with friends for lunch on a weekday and it was OK, though on the edge/fringe of the chinatown area in philly.  The service was just OK.  my two friends and I ordered a bunch of different dumplings and a couple other small offerings to share.  The server guy brought one small bowl with some sauce in it, Im not sure what it was but it was tasty.  This was enough to go with maybe one order of dumplings.  However there was no offer for more, once that ran dried and there was no soy sauce or anything else on the tables.  
The server was hardly present so we didnt have much opportunity to ask for it.  The dumplings were OK but kind of tough.  Dry or overcooked or precooked hours earlier(?).  Hardly worth a return, with this experience.  There's much better dumplings in the hood and in much less empty restaurants too.Nice little dim sum place. The dumpling soup is very tasty. I haven't ordered anything here I don't like. I have met the owner a few times and he is always very nice. Although if you order over the phone then be sure to use be numbers to get the right order!Good dim sum is almost non existent in Philly. So glad we have this place. I tried the shrimp and snow peas dumpling, crab ball, and the tofu skin roll. All were amazingly delicious! Would def recommend checking this place.This was my first dim sum experience.  Charming but small space, very friendly staff, and good eating. My friends and I tried samplers of steamed and fried dumplings and had a great time.  The location was convenient to our hotel on Market Street.The manager/waiter interrupted our conversation many times. He kept saying whatever about Donald and pissed my friends off. The Vege dumpling is very plain. Chicken feet is not juicy. Limited diversity. We definitely won't come back.Fresh and hot. But you need to wait for your order but it's no different than waiting for carts to show up I suppose.  More quiet experienceReally nice ambiance, good dim sum dishes, and pretty quick service. They don't do the carts, but they cook everything to order, so dim sum comes out fresh. Compared to other dim sum places, their food isn't too greasy, but still has good flavor. One downside is that they don't have so much variety in their menu, but what they do offer is tasty.
The ambiance is very different from other dim sum places - they have a full bar, and the decor is very much like a wine bar. At the same time, though, they do have some traditional Chinese themes as well, such as what I found out were wooden molds for making moon cakes.
One thing they do need to address - they have a TV in the bar section, but the reception on that TV is horrible. Sports were on, but it was like watching the Lego Movie...Went here last night randomly and very glad we did! A group of us decided to do a bit of a Chinatown bar/restaurant crawl in an attempt to immerse ourselves a bit more in this part of the city. This was our 3rd spot and the one that we randomly decided to get a bite to eat at. It was so great! The food was delicious and you definitely get the feeling that they pride themselves on quality of ingredients, which did lend itself to slightly higher prices. I will gladly spend a dollar or so more rather than play the guessing game of what it is I'm actually eating, like I do at some other spots. Also, the ambience was a thousand times nicer than most other dim sum spots. It feels current and clean, but also still has a bit of a cozy vibe. They have a bar that you can actually sit at. Yay! There was a very personable man working behind the bar who I'm thinking is the owner. He was very interactive and made us feel very welcome. 
Food we had: Pan fried dumplings, soup dumplings, shrimp shumai, shrimp dumplings, sticky rice, and pork buns. Everything was delicious but my favorites were pan fried pork dumplings and the soup dumplings. SO GOOD! 
I would say if you are willing to spend a teensy bit more on your meal but are looking for better quality food, cleaner establishment, trendier and friendlier vibe then this is the spot for you!I reaaaaally wanted to enjoy Nom Wah more than I did. 
We shared a steamed dim sum sampler for lunch and our waiter dropped the plate off with no word on what exactly we were looking at. This lead to an entertaining game of dim-sum-roulette that ended with my nearly spitting out a particularly gross, fishy, and sticky dim sum that I couldn't identify even if I tried. Our waiter didn't check back on us much, and we waited a while to be able to flag him down to get our check.
We DID like that you checked off what you'd like from the menu on a little order form, and the tea was perfectly steeped. You also can't go wrong with the turnip cake. The aesthetic of the restaurant is pretty cool too. 
But after the sampler, and the fishy taste that seemed to follow most of the sea food dim sum, and a just 'okay' order of the shanghainese soup dumplings, I was left pretty disappointed. With Dim Sum Garden right around the corner, I doubt I'll be back.If you are vegetarian, DO NOT go here. I repeat, DO NOT come here. There is nothing good for you to eat, except for maybe the spring rolls and bland fried tofu. 
I came here a couple weeks ago for a friends birthday - we had a group of 16! Fortunately, the place was totally empty on a Saturday evening so we got great service, especially for a group as large as ours. 
Food: If I had to rate it based on just my opinion... this place would be a 0 star. But my friends liked their meals...and apparently this place has the BEST General Tso's chicken they have ever had. Personally, I would never step back here again, but I would recommend it to others for sure. 
Décor was pretty shitty inside the actual restaurant but the bathrooms are pretty cool. I think it was supposed to be a historic NYC theme.
PS - The website says its BYOB - its not! I don't know if they changed it recently or not, but we told the manager that it still says that and he told us it was okay to drink our own stuff. Super nice of him.TL;DR - Overpriced and average dim sum - and I found a button in my food!
I've been to Nom Wah a few times now. I've generally found the service to be friendly for both eat in and take out, but for the most part have not loved the food.
A couple times, I've ordered the shrimp and egg fried rice when I want to keep it simple. It's decent, and a good-sized portion...but not worth $12.
Recently, I ordered House Special Roast Pork Bun, Shrimp Sui Mai, and Vegetarian Dumplings - total $12.25 before tip/tax. I loved loved loved the Shrimp Sui Mai! Really thought it was great. But the vegetarian dumplings and roast pork bun? Meh. The pork bun just didn't have much pork in it at all. Just a lot of bun.
To top it off, there was a button inside one of the vegetarian dumplings. You can certainly find worse things in your food, but that probably dropped me from a 3 star rating to a 2 star, probably won't go back. (Unless of course I get lazy and do go back...I will update!)Very good dim sum, but on the pricey side. Despite what others may say here about the cost, it is actually cheaper than Dim Sum Garden. The price also prevents me from overeating and hating myself for the rest of the day (which is what happens at most other cart-pushing dim sum places).
Your orders are taken in the more contemporary fashion with sheets of paper that you mark your selections off on. However, I noticed that the servers don't mark off dishes that arrive at your table, so that might lead to some confusion.
A few notes:
Since the dishes are pricey and on the small side (compared to cart-pushing establishments), make sure your group is a multiple of 2 or else it'll be a pain in the ass to share stuff.
No huge traditional circular tables, so don't bring a large party. I think 6 is the largest group that can be accommodated comfortably.Dim sum with fancy pants on!  Lose the hustle and bustle of a typical dim sum with carts and tiny ladies and replace it with a checklist of dishes, fancy teas, and zen.  A party of two devoured 8 items which included a ginormous pork bun, pan fried dumplings, soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, spare ribs, fried dough, sui mai, stuffed eggplant, and delicious white jasmine tea.  The highlights were the eggplant (the better half is usually not a fan of eggplant at all) and the huge house special roast pork bun (the bun itself was so fluffy).  I have to admit everything i ate tasted fresher compared to other places in the city.  The prices are a bit higher but your paying for better quality, service, and experience.So far it's 3,5** in my book but it has potential. 
We've been in their NY location once couple yrs ago. Can't say we liked our experience their.
But reading lot's of positive reviews about this location we thought we'd give them another try.
It was much better experience then in NY, but still had some flows.
  POSITIVE:  Ambiance (clean, nicely decorated, accompanied with soft pleasurable music background), Service (attentive, friendly). Some of the dishes we've tasted were very yummy  (Stuffed eggplant, Shrimp Chive Dumplings) and not overly greasy as the other Philly dim sum places offer.
  NEGATIVE: Maybe because we were the first customers at 10:30am and they were not quite ready in the kitchen, but unfortunately not all of the food was tasty or for that matter freshly cooked. And I hate it when dim sum places open their doors not being ready and start serving the reheated leftovers to customers. 
  -Chicken feet had not much flavor and could use another hour of cooking to be softer, fall of the bone quality we like; 
  -Shrimp pea sprouts dumplings had a yummy filling, but dry and tough skins and felt like they were not steamed fresh but reheated;
  - Beef rice roll had a strange sweet component in it and the meat was locking a flavor too); 
  -Jasmine tea though was brewed not from a pocket somehow locked any flavor or smell either);
  - Also a variety of the menu could be much wider (we were missing pineapple buns, more vegetable versions of steamed dumplings, fried green beans with garlic, and many other dishes offered normally in other dim sum places we've been); 
  -And the last but not least the value was not good for the quality of the experience.
We understand that the owner tries to create a modern version of dim sum restaurant (which is great) and we've been in few places like this around the country. But it's not enough to create a modern vibe (not providing the absolutely best quality of food and service) in order to jump up the prices that high.
In conclusion I would still recommend this place to dim sum lovers because I do want them to succeed, but with this kind of prices for that kind of quality can't say that I will be in a huge hurry to be back.I came across this place because I was craving dim sum and was going to be in the city. We came here around lunch time and it wasn't too busy which was nice. Everything came out very quickly and it didn't disappoint. I'm not sure if our server was also the owner, but either way they were very nice and efficient. I liked the decor because there wasn't too much going on. Sometimes that gives me a bit of a headache. My only gripe is the prices were a little high. Nothing outrageous, just not what I'm use to. Regardless, I would definitely return when I'm in the area.I'm so happy a decent cantonese dim sum restaurant opened in Philly. As a native new yorker, I found the other canto dim sum places not up to par of what I'm used to. However, this place met all my expectations! 
You order here by checking off a dim sum list. I love this because everything is made to order and fresh! You can really taste the difference because unlike the cart dim sum places, your dish is not sitting in a heated cart indefinitely.
My favorite so far is the salt and pepper shrimp. The crunchy and salty exterior is exactly how I like it. My second favorite was the shrimp rolls. I'm usually picky about them and nom wah hit the spot! The shrimp were big and juicy. There are usually three shrimps per roll but I gave this a pass since the shrimp was so big. I also had a sticky rice in lotus leaves, steamed pork ribs, shrimp siu mai (which is all shrimp, no pork).
However, the only item I would not recommend is the soup dumplings (small, dough too tough, average and bland flavor compared to the Shanghai dim sum places nearby that specialize in soup dumplings).
I also really liked the many tea selections and the mini blurbs about the tea on the menu. 
Service was really great here. I usually expect abrupt service from a chinese place, but the service here was attentive and quick. Empty plates were taken within minutes. I was also offered a new plate when mine was overflowed with bones and shells. 
This place was more pricey than the average dim sum restaurant but for the lovely decor, delicious food and above average service, I didn't mind the mark up.
Tip: The place is pretty small so waiting time may be long when it's busyI went today for a birthday reservation. When we got there the hostess looked around all nervous and was like "umm.. You have to sit in the basement" our party of 7 saw an open table of 8 and inquired for that table. The hostess said "oh they have another reservation there, you have to request the upstairs" oh...? We get sent downstairs to a dingy basement that had no lights on. No one escorted us and we are standing in the dark until one of us goes back upstairs to ask where the lights are. A waiter comes down opens the lights and there is mess and dirt on all the tables and booth seats. "Oh sorry we didn't know you'd have to sit down here" he said. After 10 min of cleaning we sit down and order our food immediately. Not only does the food taste like it's coming out of a freezer but our waiter also forgets two of our plates. We have to ask for more plates, silverware and napkins as well because we only had 5 for a part of 7. They also put on a huge flat screen tv with sports blasting which is very unnecessary in a Chinese dim sum parlor. I would not suggest not going here if you want a) a nice experience b) an authentic experience c) a cheap experience. Honestly the only dim sum restaurant I have ever been to that charges for hot tea. I've heard this place was good and I have no idea why.In continuing the (seeming) tradition of eating at a different Chinese restaurant with my wife's parents each time we are in town to visit, we ate this time at Nom Wah. It definitely has a different vibe from most of the other restaurants I have been to in Chinatown; the somewhat trendy/retro decor, the very stately-looking bar, and a wait staff that spoke very fluent, unaccented English make it much more approachable for the broader populace. That said, perhaps unsurprisingly, it was half-empty during prime dim sum hours on Sunday, making it very easy for us to walk on in and get a seat. The menu is a single laminated page, with lots of dim sum options and a very solid selection of teas as well (the one we had, which was a very light oolong, was very refreshing). Our order was taken quickly, and the food delivered quickly - so that was not different from the typical Chinatown restaurant experience.
As opposed to the food being carted around the floor, it is brought out (presumably freshly-made) from the kitchen. The meal overall, though, was a bit hit and miss for me. The soup dumpling flavor overall was good, but the skin was a bit thick, making it prone to getting stuck and breaking easily. The spicy wontons were quite disappointing, with overcooked skins and a lack of chili oil making it much less approachable than other dishes I have had. The braised beef brisket noodle soup had very rich broth, but there was very little beef in it, with most of it not really brisket meat but tendon meat instead. Not all was lost, though; I did enjoy the sticky rice in a lotus leaf, particularly the generous amounts of meat and seafood that were stuffed in. I also enjoyed the bean curd, which was quite moist and flavorful...definitely one of the better renditions of the dish I have enjoyed. I also quite enjoyed the shrimp that was lightly fried and served in a (very) lightly crunchy roll - usually not a big fan of shrimp, but the hint of grease and oil worked really well for this.
While this isn't one of my favorite dim sum places - and I would note that the food is definitely on the more expensive side - it was a nice change from the frenetic pace and environment that a similar spot in this part of town would be like. It seems like a solid spot to take in a small bite and sip on some tea (or, for later in the day, have a drink).So many great dim sum options.  The regular entree options are good too, but I would recommend sticking with the small plates, where Nom Wah truly excels.Big fan of this place now, I have been following this place and its coming to Philly for a while. When I was finally alerted by Eater that they were open, I jumped in the car and went over. Once inside, the space is nice and new and the staff is super friendly and helpful. I tend to really over order at Dim Sum places so I took another with me but really I should have gotten 4 people together. I am sure that you are familiar with how Dim Sum works, if not, go Google it. What you won't find here are steam carts running around everywhere, there just isn't enough room for that. We ordered a bunch of things and there wasn't 1 thing that we got that I wouldn't order again. My favorite thing had to be the salt+pepper ribs, they were by far my favorite and you got a heaping plate of them for $12, I was in heaven. The shrimp dumplings were awesome as were the soup dumplings. The house special dumplings in soup were awesome and the broth was great as well. There are a bunch of other things that we got and we ended up taking some home but you just need to go and give this place a shot. It's kind of off the beaten path with regards to Chinatown but it's worth the extra 2 minute walk. We will be back soon and I can't wait to bring people here after a night out for some gluttony.My family is hard to please, but we like Asian food. A lot. It took me a few years to get them to try a place in Chinatown that wasn't Penang, and now they happily have accepted Dim Sum Garden into their hearts. I convinced them to check this place out and it was more "Wah" than "Nom" for us. 
We had some good Jasmine Tea and really liked the pea shoot shu mai. The short ribs and bbq pork bun were also good. The soup dumplings were not as good as DSG (Nom Wah's are more meat,  more dough, but less soup and smaller). The fried rice with Chinese sausage had an overpowering dried shrimp flavor that we did not love. 
Ordering was easy with the paper you check off, and food came out fast. This is a good dim sum place and is much nicer than Ocean Harbor, Imperial Inn, Joy Tsin Lau as far as atmosphere (if you're looking for nice sit down place and not the hustle and bustle of dim sum carts, crowded tables and large groups). The bathroom wallpaper might be one of the coolest things about this place. 
Overall, glad I checked it out but I'm not dying to go back, although the full bar and happy hour specials are intriguing. Sorry Nom Wah, DSG still has my family's heart.
Pro tip: 15% off if you check in on yelp.Pretty cozy place for a small group gathering. Food was good. Environment was good. Minus one star because the service could improve a bit. Several server had bluetooth on and it was hard to flag them down in a small place. At one point there was actually no server visible for 4 whole minutes. Either they were all busy were there was a party in the back.I gave this place another try. It has gotten a lot better than the first visit. This place is better than all the dim sum restaurants in Philly.I just had Nom Wah delivered and everything was delicious!   I had the sticky rice with sausage, original egg roll, fried dumpling and eggplant with shrimp paste.  All were fresh and tasty!  This takes Chinese food in Philly to another and higher level.Came here for dimsum and tea... WHY IS THEIR TEA SO EXPENSIVE. haha That's the first thought I had when I opened the menu. The prices in general are more expensive (prob $1-$2 more per item) than other dim sum options in Chinatown and the food is about average. I'm assuming the higher prices are to pay for convenience. There is rarely a wait here and you don't have to wait for a cart to come around to serve you possible room temp dim sum. Everything here is made/heated when you order it.  The menu comes with descriptions and pictures so you can be fully informed of what you are eating. I do think for the price there are better options in Chinatown but I enjoy coming here to avoid the crowds and to get fresh dim sum.After having a horrible experience at the dim sum joints directly inside Chinatown, I was dying for something that was cleaner and way more tasty. They wait can be a bit long but their dim sum makes up for it by a long shot. Turnip cake, spicy wonton, steamed shrimp rice roll, and hagao were all very tasty. I wish the pork buns came in a smaller variety. But that's just being nitpicky. I'd definitely go here for dimsumSimply love this place for always being so clean, offering delicious dim sum at reasonable price, friendly people, great service! This is the only place where I know I definitely don't need to share a table with others!First time eating there: Cozy and super homey! Everything tastes fresh. Some favorites: shrimp and chive dumpling, sui mai and green tea tiramisu.
Second time: We were seated downstairs,where it smells like fish and is drafty. Definitely a 180 degree difference from the upstairs area. Food definitely did not taste as good as the firs tmeAbsolutely delicious dim sum. So fresh and perfectly steamed bao. One star lost because waiter forgot to put in our dessert order and we had to wait a long time for it. Thought he should have comped it for us since he acknowledged his mistake.Really the best Dim Sum in Philly. People are always talking about Dim Sum Garden, but Nom Wah is really tops. Go with a big group and order everything! It's so fun to share.THIS REVIEW CATERS TOWARDS THE VEGETARIAN LIFESTYLE. 
I looooooove this place.
The menu clearly labels what items are vegetarian (I am not sure about vegan options unfortunately). The ordering process is clear and thorough - they give you a paper sheet to check off what you want. 
The seating is a little cozy, but the staff is accommodating. Everyone is very polite and the service is FAST. 
I would recommend this place (and do!) to all of my friends!Nice place to get fresh dumplings and good food. The fried rice was fresh and light with terrific flavors. The space is nice with good seating and the staff is very friendly. The Chinese broccoli was tender and very good. Worth stopping in if you are in the area.I came here for lunch today with my brother. It was dead. Only 1 table dining at 12pm. The dimsum tasted okay. Nothing over the top. Overpriced dimsum. Trendy and clean place. Service was okay.This place is tiny, food is good, service is good.  Friday night wait for a table even with reservations was 30min.  They were apologetic and honestly you can't crystal ball how long people will take to finish up to seat the next group.  Pork bun and soup dumplings rocked!Wonderful place, stop in here to have dim sum for dinner.  Food is excellent and obience is good.Very disappointed in quality. Meat was partly raw in soup dumplings. None of the food was hot... Everything was slightly cooler than room temp. Spoons and plates all had some leftover stains on them.It is one of the worst dim sum restaurants I have been to. With Chinatown just one block away. Why would anyone waste their money there?
The food came out warm. The service was slow. They put us in the basement. And it literally felt like someone's basement. Will never go back again.One and done for me at Nom Wah. I would rate the food, but I only received one thing that I ordered. Service was horrendous. I am a minimum 20% tipper, for the first time in my life I tipped 0 and felt it was justified. My wife and I were about 10 ten minutes late to my sisters bday dinner. To keep things simple I asked the waitress to keep us on a separate check, and we ordered separately, filling out our own menu, handing it to her, and confirming we wanted our- own check, told not a problem.
The meal progresses and only the shirmp and snow pea dumplings come (also ordered soup dumplings and salt and pepper shrimp). Meal is ending I tell the male waiter the food never came, don't worry about it, take it off the check (I did not want to hold up everyone else). Check comes, everything still on it. I tell the waitress, she is annoyed, insists the food came (it did not), takes the check. Comes back, salt and pepper shrimp are still on the check. I point it out, she gets more annoyed, ignores me and seats another table. She then grabs the main check and says well they ate your shrimp and you were charged for it. Same with the dumpings. Incorrect, they ordered their own stuff, not my problem. 
She never takes the shrimp off my check, so it came out of her tip.
Also, many items on their menu titled "vegetarian" are not vegetarian.I enjoy this place :) the dim sum here is so fresh and not just sitting around in a cart. Although this place is a bit pricier than others, but the quality of their food is excellent. Totally worth it! 
Philly, I have found my go to dim sum spot!!Convenient because it is near Hampton Inn, this place is okay for it's price. Food was good. Service could be better. The 2 times that I ate here they only had one waitress for the whole restaurant.Located near the convention center and Hampton Inn. Very small place about 7 or 8 tables. Limited Dim Sum menu. Dark inside.  Food was good not amazing. Shrimp shu mai was obviously made earlier as were the cold turnip cakes.  While our service was good, at the end of the meal a women came by and said we needed to pay cash. Beware cash? On the door it shows they take credit cards. I have zero problem paying cash but let diners know ahead of time. It was confusing as to why. Apparently they take reservations.
There is a bar area with seating as well.This place is delicious! We've come here on a date twice. The service is excellent, the prices can't be beat, and the food is amazing. PLUS! They have A TON of vegetarian dim sum options! A wonderful place, give it a try!This place is solid. My favorite part may have been the service which is rare for Chinatown spots (even though this is on the outskirts). Super fast and friendly! I liked the atmosphere a lot as well - not overly loud or bright even though it was a very busy lunch.
We ordered a ton of appetizer stuff, the entree/noodle list wasn't large or varied enough for our taste (though we saw some noodle dishes come out to other tables and they did look good) so we stuck to dumplings and fried food. It's VERY easy to over order! A lot of the food was "pretty good!" But nothing to keep me up drooling at night wanting to come back immediately. I'd say my favorite thing was the pork bun. It had a great amount of filling and was really tasty. The steamed spare ribs and fried pork dumplings were also delicious! Everything else was just decent but nothing was bad and we ordered 10 items.This place was absolutely amazing! I ordered the vegetable ho fun and the vegetarian dumplings. Both were beyond expectations!! I have gone to Dim Sum Garden many times and love it but dare I say Nom Wah was even better! The flavors were perfect and bold and the speed of the service was impeccable! I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone near the convention center it's a new favorite of mine. Thank you guys!!This place has really good Chinese food as well as Dim Sum items as well. It does get packed. I will say that I was disappointed once because I made a reservation and was excited to bring my family and they would not honor it. They recommended me to another restaurant. To be fair, it was Chinese New years and they had the parade in Chinatown.Tasty dim sum spot! On my first night of my first visit to Philadelphia, I wanted something I can't get at home- dim sum! Everything I sampled was delicious, but my favorite was the house special pork roast bun and the Shanghainese soup dumplings. The server provides a menu and a paper menu for you to mark your selections. Service was a bit slow, but there were only two people working the entire place.Great food , the dim sum was excellent I recommend the shrimp dumplings and chicken feet, good service I will be attending this place more oftenI had some seriously good dim sum here on Thursday. Ima keep it quick and simple. I ordered a ton of food. Best Damn dim sum I've had yet. Everything was good. The soup was a little too salty but man the dumplings in them were great. This place will redefine your expectations on shrimp shumai. I guess the only thing I thought was just ok was the fried rice. 
I think dim sum garden just lost me for a while.Very enjoyable especially for a first date. Food cane fast and service was fantastic!