My partner and I love nom nom! They're inexpensive, quick, and attentive. Soup is consistantly delicious and always hot. The pork belly spicy miso is my favorite. Their decor is also really cool. Just be aware, cash only!Yes!  Finally a ramen-centric place in Philly!  This place is pretty new and seems to have some growing pains, but I see a lot of potential.  They're short on staff, which may result in some overlooked order add-ons or a little bit of a wait, but don't let that distract you from a yummy and cheap bowl of noodles.
While the ramen choices are limited (salt, miso, spicy, and soy sauce), they do come in small and large sizes.  This is great, since I would never be able to finish a large bowl by myself, so having a cheaper and smaller option is great.  You get one less piece of pork belly, but it costs about $1.5 less.  Both the spicy ramen I ordered and soy sauce that my man ordered were pretty good.  The noodles were cooked well and the pork belly was surprisingly tender for how lean it was (diet pork belly, yes!).  My major criticism (and this is a real issue) is that it was a little too shallow on the broth.  I didn't notice either to be too salty, but I like my food over-seasoned.  I also added an egg to my ramen.  The cooks forgot it initially, but brought it out after we alerted them.  The egg was cooked perfectly (medium-boiled), but it did cost about $1.5 extra, so I'm not sure if it's worth it (could order the large for the same total price).
We also ordered the pork buns, and they seem to use the same pork as in the ramen.  It's lean for pork belly, but again, cooked nice and tender.  They give you two slabs of it per pork bun, so it literally splits the bun open.  It's a bit messy, but I'm not complaining, the more pork the better.  My only complaint is the addition of cucumber slices to the buns.  Maybe I'm biased toward the cucumber-less ways at other eateries, but I do feel that the cucumber gives an overpowering (and not particularly pleasant) taste and texture to the bun.  It interrupted the enjoyment of the pork and doesn't add any additional crunch - which the lettuce supplies.  I took the cucumber out of my last few bites and enjoyed the meaty sweet pork bun much more. 
I think this place definitely deserves a try and it shouldn't be judged by NYC or West Coast standards. At least not in its inaugural season.  It fills a definite void in Philly and for now, it's my ramen lifeline.I USED to adore this location.  I was happy to know they were recently remodeling and excited to head back to see the changes. Once entering the tiny locale I was surprised that they had moved to a table service type of spot.  Which is fine - but my whole meal seemed rushed, the staff stressed, and the ramen bland.  I left there extreme disappointed. I will not be returning.For the price and quality, I would rather make shin ramen at home.  I ordered the karai miso with a soft boiled egg.  The broth was lacking in flavor and depth and the bamboo shoots tasted rotten.  The only part of the ramen I enjoyed was the egg.  Ended up with a stomach ache afterwards.  Definitely not coming back to Nom Nom.Luke warm ramen and could eggs won't come again
The service was nice the restaurant was also nice . The food tasted okay but again my eggs where cold and the soup broth diddnt even warm the eggs.Came in for lunch on a Friday and got a table immediately.  Our service was good, especially since we weren't very needy customers.  I ordered the Pork Belly Miso, which was served with a few different types of veggies, lots of noodles and soup, and 2 large pieces of pork belly.  Overall, the flavor was decent, but all I kept thinking was pho is so much better.  My co-worker had the Spicy Miso, which I did not try.  She enjoyed it, but could only finish half of the broth because it was too spicy for her, so buyer beware!  
I would probably go back because I love soup, but the prices were kind of high for soup, especially when you're looking at $10-$14, and pho costs $6-8 for much larger portions (btw, not complaining about the portion size at all, it's just that my favorite pho places usually give enough for two meals).Cash Only
No table service. 
Walk right up to the blackboard by the counter to read the menu and proceed to order at the counter. 
Find your own table (which could be a bit hard during lunch time)
Boiled egg not included in Ramen. It's an add on.
Good location if you are in downtown/rittenhouse square area.
So the day before I went to Terakawa and was still impressed. Still in the mood for more yummy ramen but I didn't want to make my way out to Chinatown on a rainy day. We stayed at the hotel in Rittenhouse square area and this Nom Nom Ramen is super close and walkable even in the rain so we gave it a try.
We went around 1.30 pm and the restaurant still has some of the lunch crowds but we were able to grab small table for two right after ordering. 
I was a bit awkward at the order counter since I did not read the board thoroughly and felt a bit rush by the lady who took our order. When I asked some questions it wasn't a very pleasant conversation as if i'm bothersome. So service is definitely NOT a 4 stars here. But I'm here for food and willing to set that issue aside. 
The sad part of feeling rush was that I forgot to add on their "supposed to be" awesome egg :( Well, I wouldn't know if it's awesome or not. 
We had Miso and Spicy Ramen. 
I think all broth are Tonkotsu base, the broth are really good in my opinion. Right amount of thickness, great flavor. 
Both the miso and the spicy turned out pretty well. 
The ramen noodle is well cooked with good texture. 
The spicy is pretty well spiced for my taste. Maybe a bit much for some, the man sat next to our table had to stop to wipe his sweat quite a few times before continuing on his spicy journey. I think I even heard him whisper to himself, "Ooh Spicaay!" :D
We also ordered pork bun. It's just ok. The one I tried at Terakawa the day before was much much better. This one, the meat was a bit on the dry side. 
All in all, avoid lunch hours if you could. Don't bother about the service (maybe they are nicer when not busy hours) focus on the ramen and the broth and you will be fine. Food is good here. 
And... Try the egg for me, will you?I don't know why this place has such lousy reviews. I consider myself a ramen fiend and I've sampled ramen from Washington, D.C. to San Francisco, and I always love coming back to Nom Nom. This place was one of the first places I ever tried ramen and it will always be near and dear to my heart. They recently converted from ordering at the counter to table service, which I think is a pleasant change. Their pork buns are on point and more than once they've brought me an extra (free) portion because of how voraciously we devoured them. I generally order their pork ramen, but I've also had the miso and I think both are great options. The seasoned eggs that they prepare are so so good!! I also love their pork belly and often order extra. You can order a large portion for a few dollars extra- do it. It's great to bring some home for leftovers. I love how springy their noodles are and their bamboo doesn't taste canned like many ramen joints. Their prices are a little too high considering the ambiance is pretty low-key, but I will always come back here when I'm in the city.The pork belly buns are so tender and moist! And the service is great! Loved it all and will be frequenting it there a lot in the future! Also, not too crowded for lunchI can't get enough of the pork buns, so tasty and I feel like I could eat 6 of them but that wouldn't leave me any room for the yummy Shio Tonlotsu. I will return to have more buns and different ramen during my next trip to Philly.Went here last week with my parents because we're a ramen-loving family. Despite the nod from Philadelphia magazine, I was pretty disappointed with Nom Nom Ramen. The presentation of our ramen was not as bad as some people are describing it; our included toppings were not as muddle as some of these pictures are making it out to be. The pork belly and scallions come on a separate plate. The taste overall was ok too, flavorful - a little on the salty end though. The ramen noodles itself was a little tough for my liking. The menu is small so there's not really much options which is why we were so disappointed when TWO if the items on their ~7 item menu were unavailable. They have these crab-related side dish and they said that wouldn't be ready for an hour because the crab needed to thaw (it was 1pm ... they open at 11 or 11:30) & then they have this spiced pepper medley dish that they were out of peppers. So my mom who doesn't considered a meal well-rounded without some green had to settle for the spicy edamame (spice comes on the side for you to sprinkle as you desire). The cashier was really nice and accommodating though and you could see she felt bad that nothing we wanted to order was available. As a cash only place she kept having to give our money back upon finding out they didn't have it. So yes, 2-stars because i have definitely experienced better (Hello, Aji-san ramen!). I look forward to trying Hiro Ramen House instead. My roommates say they prefer it as well. Although I really wish these ramen places weren't all cash-only. Definitely a turn-off.This is the first time I had ramen made from a restaurant and I'm not impressed. The pork belly was a bit dry but also overly fatty as well. I brought the spicy miso broth one and the taste is something I can make with instant ramen which is a major disappointment because I spent $17 on something I can make at home without much prior knowledge about it. Also the noodles weren't that great. It was stuck together which is what happen if you didn't drain it properly and left it on the bowl. It was hard trying to loosen the noodles so in the end I just took big bites.Have no idea how many times I have been here, but can say Nom Nom Ramen never disappoints!  I did however try something new this time. Tried there new salmon dish. It was amassing!  Will have it again. On top of the excellent food the staff is top notch!I'm sick and worked all day with no break. So by the time I was done, I needed some brothy food...this was on the walk back home. My friend raved about the place but she also never had real Japanese ramen before. Maybe my taste buds are used to the delicious, creamy broths of the west coast ramen restaurants but I thought this place was just ok. 
The staff was friendly and nice. They only offer the smaller regular size option for take-outs. And they only accept cash. I got the karai miso ramen. Unfortunately it wasn't as spicy as I would have liked. My old spot in CA used to have a heat level! I did like that the ramen came with a bunch of toppings vs. charging for each one. Although I added an egg for extra. I finished my ramen and am still hungry. I think this place is gonna be ok to get some warm brothy noodles on a cold day after work but I wouldn't make the effort to come here on my days off.This was exactly what I had hoped for from Ramen Boy, but it took another owner opening up shop 15 blocks away to reach this level of quality. Having said that the ramen here was satisfactory. As a basis of comparison for others who read this, my favorite ramen places are Hide-chan and Ichiran in Fukuoka and Bu-Tao in Hong Kong. Having said that, the ramen here is very okay with a decent miso broth and reasonable price.
Comments:
(1) The chashu was done well overall, but a little chewier than what I am used to. To each his/her own, but I guess I prefer more tenderness to my chashu. I had heard that the chashu was more tender when they first opened, but that they might have changed their approach in response to customer feedback. If workers there are reading then please disregard that criticism or (if possible) let your customer choose tenderness/chewiness of chashu. 
(2) Not really a major criticism, but they should allow customers to choose the texture/chewiness of their noodles as well. While my noodles came out more on the Al Dente side, I would have personally preferred something more thoroughly cooked.
(3) Now that I think about it, my prior comments are essentially asking that the customer get more input in the experience. I know this will confuse most customers, but if possible, I would recommend considering doing a "secret menu" or an ordering system with modifiers(a la Ichiran) for chashu quality, noodle texture, broth richness(i.e. fat content), spiciness, etc. 
There was a previous reviewer who suspected that ramen boy suffered from unrealistic expectations and I disagree with that hypothesis. I walked into both with fairly low expectations and I was extremely disappointed in the former. IMO, Nom nom hits the mark that ramen boy missed in a painful way. The only way I could see his hypothesis work out is if your basis of comparison isnt colored at all by other better ramen places. Without bias by previous ramen experience, it's conceivable that ramen boy might seem to be on equal footing to Nom nom, but Im not so fortunate and would prefer to hoof it over to Rittenhouse if I needed to get ramen.A giant bowl of Pork Belly Shio Tonkotsu Ramen after freezing my cojones off on a 2 block walk.  
Great Ramen is so scintillating and so hard to find.  The creamyness of the broth, the slurping of the noodles, the soft boiled egg with the lovely yolk and the totally different texture of the crunchy bamboo shoots finished with the gorgeous spice of Sriracha.  Its an extravaganza of flavors.  Im in bliss.Absolutely some of the best ramen I've had - it was pretty empty when I went at 6:45pm or so, but it deserves to be packed. The karai tonkotsu was delicious and the chashu pork was unreal tender. I'd definitely go again next time I find myself in Philly!I had their karai toro tongotsu??? Ramen, it was spicy and came with an egg cut in two halves, it also came with a plate with the tongotsu thing on the side with six slices. It tastes great and delicious,  and I would definitely recommend friends to come here.I just moved to Philly and this place is right down the street from where I work.  I got the Shio first which was good but maybe a little bland for my taste.  Then I tried the Miso and that was definitely much better.  The additional flavors and mushrooms added did the trick.  I'm getting over being sick and something hot and brothy was just what the doctor ordered.  I've never eaten in house but ordering from Yelp online was a snap, ready within 10 minutes and by the time I left my building and walked over it was waiting for me.  I do want to try eating there at some point, I have noticed that sometimes this place gets really busy for lunch so I would recommend coming earlier or later to avoid that if time is an issue for you.  Staff is very friendly and easy to deal with.  Basically I'm working my way down their menu and will try everything but really it's solid ramen in a convenient downtown location.Some good ramen. We showed up with 7 people a little before they had a large reservation. The place was nice enough to give the heads up and still accommodate us. Staff was super-friendly.
     I don't want it to sound bad, but it was a perfectly adequate bowl of ramen. I went with a shio/tonkotsu broth and instead of traditional cha sui, I got an option with the pork jowl. I have to say, the pork jowl was VERY good. The rest of my soup was good, I'd definitely return for more if I happened to be in the area, but I'm teetering on whether I'd make it a destination place.
     If you're having a ramen cravings and in walking distance, definitely give it a go!Not bad, but not amazing either.
The broth is flavorful, and the ramen noodles are chewy, but the pork slices were a bit too tough.  However, if you're looking for a hot and affordable meal-- sure stop by Nom Nom! (Bonus points for an awesome restaurant name!!)
If Nom Nom was in Little Tokyo or St Marks--I probably would not stop by...but in the realm of Philly ramen houses-- this place gets the job done.Came here twice mainly because it is close to work but I am not a big fan of it. The ramen is very salty no matter which one I tired...the service is so so. Nothing impressed me here so I might not go again.Decent place for ramen, dress appropriately not to be confused with an uber eats driver. Service was really attentive, felt like we were the only people on there despite it being moderately full. The food itself was just okay in my opinion. We both got spicy miso (vegetarian) and (pork). The vegetarian was apparently very spicy. Overall if you are craving ramen in Rittenhouse this place is a viable option.Being Asian and growing up in Asia, I'm huge on noodles so my expectations for a ramen shop tends to be pretty high (I've been to Japan a few times too). Overall this is a very decent ramen shop, hard to find fault and will definitely be my go-to place for ramen on a cold wintry day in Philly.
For lunch, I had the Karai ramen, and added a soft-boiled egg. I also had a soda and the whole thing came up to $11 (no tipping needed, it's a self-service place) - thumbs up for the price, that's for sure. Very impressed by the fact that they pulled off the soft-boiled egg - it's much more common to see this done properly in ramen shops in Asia than the US, and I liked the gooey egg yolk flowing out of my egg (I am a barbarian - which can be seen in other reviews).
Noodles and soup were good too - the karai soup base isn't that spicy, which was fine for me. I like my ramen noodles springy and while Nom Nom;s noodles were better than Tampopo University City, I could have used more springiness. Chashu (pork belly) was also tasty, but it didn't melt in your mouth (sorry, I have high standards). But overall I can't fault them - they really have got all the basics of making ramen down pat, just not enough to earn my 5th star. I'm definitely coming back though - make sure you get the egg if you want your authentic Japanese ramen!Idk what everyone is bitching about cause this place was awesome !!! Me and two other people all agreed it was excellent and everyone else is a liar. Get the spicy vegetarian ramen!!Had the fan fav tonkatsu ramen. It was ok. The soft egg was hard and the soup was like warm. The pork was super fatty which is to be expected. The soup could have used more flavor. I would try some place else and leave this place as a last resort.I was in Philly for a work conference and we found this gem. I ordered a vegetarian noodle soup. The tofu was delicious and I ordered extra Tofu on the side. We came back a second time. Great service and I will return if back in Philly.Nom Nom Ramen doesn't have a huge menu but it seems like there's something for everyone. I was in the mood for something spicy so I had the Karai Miso with an egg. I also shared the pork buns and soft shell crab buns. I thought the ramen was just ok, but really enjoyed the buns. They both had a delicious spicy sauce on them, and the soft shell crab was perfectly fried. I would go back for those. 
It was really crowded at lunch time, so arrive early to get a table.they didn't let me sit in a booth at 6.30pm when the place was empty! Miso was ok, albeit a bit saulty, would get ligthly salted version next time.Worst ramen ever. I didn't know what I was tasting. Compared to all the other ramen places in Philly this is probably the worst. The price was too high. The broth is really oily and the noodles were overcooked. A ramen that cost nearly $20 isn't worth it all. It also had no flavors! Really a disappointmentI got the Aka special for which they were doing a test-run. It was quite yummy. The price isn't too cheap but reasonable, especially in comparison to Ramen Bar in University City which is more expensive and not THAT much better. The menu is simple but adequate.I have not been here in so long...Things have changed..
I tried the chicken spicy ramen today and boy was it good. The broth was really good, it had a miso base and also a smokey taste. The chicken was very tender and flavorful. I asked the girl at the counter and she said the broth is made of pure chicken, so no maggi (chicken bullion) up in here! My friend got the spider buns.. which were amazing. I love the mango chipotle sauce that they make. Very good kick! Good Job Nom Nom. Oh btw if you are going- add the soft boil egg in your ramen. It's really good.This place servces Japanese fast food ramen, which is quite unique to find in Philly. The ramen is tasty but can be a bit oily and salty. Prices are a bit expensive, and the menu doesn't have many options to choose from. Overall, the food is good, but if you are watching your sodium/caloric intake and budget, you might want to go somewhere else.I love a simple menu. This place has 5 items on the menu; the pork buns and 4 types of Ramen(shio, shoyu, miso, karai miso) and there are add-ons, like an egg, or extra meat, etc so that you can customize type bowl. 
   I had the Karai with extra pork. It was spicy and provided the right amount of heat!  I enjoyed this large portion of ramen. Out of curiousity I tried the melon creamy soda, and I did not enjoy it's artificial taste. 
   The free charging station for my was a plus being that my phone had died. It was a good meal in the summer, so I can only imagine how great this place would be for a meal during the cold winter months!Went on March 31, 2012 with my wife. We ordered a Shoyu and Shio  ramen. Here're my thoughts:
1. Broth -- excellent. Full of flavor, very authentic, they've put a lot of work on it.
2. Noodles -- pretty good, I have nothing negative to say about it but I've had better.
3. Chashu -- very chewy, it should be melt-in-your-mouth soft, I think they need to braise it a lot longer.
I will definitely go back, likely the best in Philly so far. Keep up with the good work.First visit here for my friends and I. At first look sort of plain and simple, not a bad thing mind you. 
The menu sparse but detailed enough to tell you exactly what you get. It was also small but for what they're selling, there was no need for a huge sign or menus. 
I had the Shoyu Ramen with the poached  egg. My view on this was the broth while slightly salty was very good and the soy sauce flavor permeated throughout. The soup was a bit on the heavy side, might be due to the shoyu based broth. Ill be trying the Miso or the Kari next time as those appear to be popular items amongst yelpers. 
The noodles had a nice chewy texture which is always nice, though I think I could have used more noodles (which I probably will get when next I go) 
Overall a very satisfying first experience. Though a little pricey, I will definitely be going back again to try that miso!Finally a decent Ramen place in philly! 
What I love: 
1. Get the egg!!! It was probably the best egg I have ever had from a Ramen place to put on my noodle. The best part is when you poke it and having the egg yolk mixed with the noodle and broth.
2. The broth: I got the original (salt) version and the broth is pretty flavorful without being too salty.
3. The portion: The regular version is enough for lunch. I hated not finishing the whole bowl which happened every time at other Ramen place, but not here! 
Definitely check it out!I'll start by saying that the ramen is good when it's done right, but they mess it up almost every single time by forgetting to put in something that is supposed to come with the ramen according to the menu - like pork belly, or mushrooms, etc, while still charging for that item. Finally got fed up and stopped going there. Recently tried Terakawa Ramen, though, and Terakawa was incredible.For Philadelphia, this is pretty good ramen, though my only other points of reference are the $0.20 packs of ramen and one place in NYC.  The flavors were good, the prices were right ($9/bowl), and the extras were extra delicious.  
I ordered the Karai (spicy) ramen, and it didn't disappoint in terms of spice.  The pork belly was smoky and delicious.  My only request is that they add a vegetable or two more to the broth-- it was just scallion and bamboo shoots.  Also, it was pretty salty.
My girlfriend ordered the basic (salt) broth.  It was smooth and creamy with not that salty of a flavor. She also ordered an egg with it.  It was pretty amazing.  Great balance of texture and flavor to go with the ramen.  
Bottom line: If you want some ramen on a cool(er) day, then try some Nom Nom.  Get an egg, some extra pork belly for a couple bucks more, and you'll be full the rest of the day.This is my favorite ramen place in Philadelphia! I come here at least once a week. #nomnomI got the 36 hour pork broth ramen made with the spicy miso and added an egg. It was delicious and filling, however, the $16 price tag has me hesitant to rate it higher. Truth be told, this is my first time having designer ramen so I don't have a baseline to compare my experience to. If you have a few extra bucks and want a warm, comfy soup, I say go for it.solid broth which is my favorite thing about japanese ramen.  the karai is a little too spicy for me but i mixed it with the miso broth and it was perfect.  the noodles are great, the perfect thickness.  there are plenty of pieces of pork belly thought i'm sure many will argue that you can't get enough!  
my only complaint is the price.  i've only gotten the large size and $12 for a bowl of ramen that isn't Ippudo is pricey.  I think I'd only come here if I really need to fix a craving.Nom Nom indeed. This is probably the best ramen place on this side of Broad Street!
Conveniently located within 2 blocks of my work, this is one of the most satisfying lunch options I have, especially when I crave for something soupy and warm on cold days, of which there are many, nowadays. From my ample experiences, the noodles have always been reliably fresh, the broth always flavorful, and there are always plenty of toppings and condiments to choose from to spice up your ramen experience! (I'm lookin' at you, Shichimi Toragashi 7-spice seasoning...) 
Also, the service is pretty quick. Though it can get busy during lunch hours, I've never had any issues finding a seat. This may not be the prettiest ramen joint, but it's more of a no-nonsense kind of place where you enter, go straight for the ramen, and then you leave, but with some delicious ramen in your stomach. 
If your goal is to have a filling and satisfying meal within your allotted lunch hour, you can make it happen at Nom Nom Ramen!Come on, Philly! Listen. If it's super cold and miserable, sure. You can get a hot bowl of decent enough ramen here. But Terakawa is much much better! This is the fast food of Ramen. Try China town!!This was my first Ramen Shop I ever been too. I was influence to go there by watching the Naruto anime. When I had my first Japanese style Ramen here, OMGOSH!  It was just full of deliciousness! mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm The best ever :-)  
Very pleased with food and service here, plus the workers are very friendly. I like that they play Japanese music too. 
I LOVE the Pork buns! I LOVE LOVE  LOVE the Shoyu and the Shio Ramen soup. SOOOOOO good. My least favorite is the Miso though, but it's still good.  
Definitely get the Soft Boil egg. mmmmmmm
 All I will say is the menu needs to expand more, and the place should be bigger. But other than that, Best Ramen place so far in Philadelphia!I really enjoy the Karai Miso Soup with chicken. It has a nice blend of spices and good portion size. The only thing I would suggest is to cook the cabbage a little more. The noodles were perfect and the broth a good temperature.  Overall, pretty good! I will definitely be back!!The service here is amazing, my water was never left empty and the food was fast and delicious. Very attentive and friendly staff.
The ramen miso broth is deep and rich with favor and the noodles just have a natural bounce. The Charsiu pork was perfect in the broth.
I will definitely return here and can't wait tooYummy and fairly inexpensive.  I'll eat here again next time I'm in this neighborhood.Was really good and saw this place. Restaurant had some few people so my friends and I decided to have ramen. Crab bun was really good. Ramen not a big fan as it wasn't too brothy.They didn't even turn on the "open" sign, so I almost missed it. The place looks shady but the ramen is not bad.I don't understand how this place has such a low rating! Correct me if I am wrong.
Per say, I am not a foodie, or a connoisseur, but this place is great.
It is located in the heart of Philadelphia. A few walks down the road offers a nice breeze around the city in the park of Philadelphia on 15th and walnut, with great opportunities of sightseeing and digesting your food.
It has changed very much since I came here last time which was back in 2012. It used to be self-service from ordering food and getting water. However, now it is served with waiters.
Now, this comes with an advantage and disadvantage.
Advantage is that with waiters serving you menus and food, it creates a comfortable and almost high-end like atmosphere (Precisely the reason why they have renovated the design of the restaurant with chandelier, and other fancy lighting).
Disadvantage is that you would pay more money for tip and the food. However, I did not find the pricing to be overly expensive; a friend of mine and I got an edamame, Miso-ramen noodle, and curry rice for the price of $35 which was not too bad.
Now, the tables and chairs are contemporary and sleek, and is a lot more spacey then it was before. The place definitely gives you a feeling that you are dining out.
The other nice part of the restaurant is that the kitchen is in an open-end style; This allows the customers to actually see what sort of material they are using, and how the process of cooking occurs. While it is unlikely that anyone would stand in front of the cashier to watch the whole process from happening, I think it speaks somewhat of their vision and philosophy in running the business; honesty.
I am a little bit biased as I am a huge fan of ramen noodles in general from korean ones (shinramen, neogurri, and jjapagetti just to name a few) as well as japanese ramen noodles.
A really good place for college students to visit on night outs, for couples on dates, or any corporate workers who are just hungrayy for food. Highly recommended!I ate there yesterday for the first time. I took a chance on the salmon rice bowl. It was delicious!! Don't hesitate!Before even mentioning the food, I love the name of this place. It makes me smile. And also makes me crave ramen. 
I went for the shoyu and was really happy with the meal. It's so nice to finally have a ramen place in this area.  My only mistake (and I don't want anyone to repeat it) is that I completely forgot to ask for the egg! Sigh. It's an additional cost, not sure how much, but I'm sure it's worth it. Even egg-less, this was one tasty meal. The regular size is large enough to fill you but not so large that you're left with extra. 
Just a few notes: Nom Nom Ramen is cash only and I believe is sit down only, no take out.It was not the best ramen I have had ..... it missed something I can not describe ... service was not great and there was a fly next to me all the timeI finally got to try this place! It was better than i expected! The food took a bit to come out but it was worth the wait. I had the karai and it was very flavorful. The fatty pork was cooked just right. I wish there were more seats available. People were stalking people for tables... umm felt like i was in Flushings Chinatown Mall. Overall it was good.
FYI spoke to the cashier and they are putting more tables in. Yay!Don't understand the negative reviews. I haven't even been able to get beyond their spicy pork belly ramen, it is so delicious. I've found the staff and manager to be extremely accommodating, super nice. I haven't eaten at a ton of ramen places in Philly, but this is the best of those I have tried.I've eaten here numerous times and tried various different styles from their limited menu. Today it was tonkotsu done up shoyu style---killer. The pork belly melts in your mouth with flavor, and the broth is salty and rich and comforting---the equivalent of Prozac in a bowl. It's raining outside right now and I just want to crawl inside the bowl and go to sleep (while slurping broth of course). I also like terakawa in Chinatown quite a bit, but Nom Nom will continue to be a regular spot of mine. And I won't even downgrade them for cash only but it would be nice if they accepted credit card.Well this was just bad. The broth was thin and flavorless. The "toppings" were mostly the same spring mix you can buy at a grocery store and one sad raw cherry tomato, plus a soggy limp fried scrambled egg. And overpriced to boot.
The crab appetizer was pretty good. But then, it's hard to screw up deep fried crab.I love that there is a broth choice. My faves are the Shoyu and the Karai Miso. I always have them add egg, which makes it even more delicious.  I am, however, disappointed that there is no more soft shell crab bun on their menu. I hope they bring it back.Used to be better and cheaper. Prices have gone up. It used to be like 8 or 9 for a bowl of ramen, maybe 10 with tax. Now they start at 10 plus tax. Adding an egg is $1.50. Really!?  It is now sit down with waiters, which adds to cost. I didn't mind ordering at the counter and grabbing my bowl.  On top of this, the ramen was mediocre. Not a lot of miso flavor in the bowl I ordered. If you are really craving ramen, save your money and go to Terakawa.Been here twice so far - was at their first semi-opening and once last weekend. 
First, the non-factors but still worth mentioning. 
Wait time for food was slow  (on the first day) but acceptable on the second visit. Service is friendly and cheerful. Some guy came out to apologize for the long wait on the first day and asked for feedback - I assume he was the owner? At least he cared enough to interact with us.
As for quality of service, I was perfectly fine with getting my own stuff from the counter on the first day so I could spend what would've been my tip on extra toppings. Going forward though, the place may only have 1 or 2 servers (if any?) Decor was minimal and nothing particularly fetching. Chairs were ok. No actual "paper" menu - just a whiteboard with a variety of choices (shio, shoyu, miso, spicy miso) and toppings (extra chashu and egg).
Prices were more appropriate - about $8 without toppings for the regular sized ramen. Nice!
******  On to the food
Broth - both visits were acceptable, though I went with a sorta-semi-more subtle shio option the 2nd time vs the shoyu option. Not heavy at all - perhaps in between light and medium. A reasonable amount of flavor but missing a certain oomph or impact. I've had some fatty ramens that gave me some chest/heart pains - no joke!  And this place was not one of them.  5/10.
Noodles - both times were acceptable. Seemed cooked about right for my liking, though I prefer mine softer cooked vs "al dente".   5/10. 
Cha-shu - 1st time it was excellent. Tender and "melty" 8/10. 2nd time around it was not so good, but not terrible. Was chewy. It also appeared to be a different color (white vs brownish) but I could be remembering the first batch incorrectly. Not sure if something was rushed or a different cut of meat was used?  3/10. 
Toppings - the menma tasted a little off, which (according to another reviewer) may be from the canned source. Not sure if I like the red ginger in my broth. Don't remember any nori sheets either (which I thought was standard usually). 4/10. 
****** 
Overall, the general taste is reminiscent of Santouka (which according to the internets is a part of the owner's  Ramen background). But it's cheaper and hell of a lot closer than driving to NJ. Assuming they can replicate my first time visit's food, I would certainly come again. To recap, a 5/10 and here's to hoping for improvements!
As for alternatives, there aren't many right now. Although ... you can check out my (and many other people's) Ramen Boy review if you'd like. I more or less hammered the place. 
Yea, it might've improved since my last visit.... But I decided I would not give the place another try on my own dime after they hustled me and dining companions with some pretty shoddy product that took way too long to prepare/present. Yes, it was opening day (or 2nd day I forget). Yes, my fault for not manning up and complaining right then and there I suppose. Then again, I've never had THAT many things wrong with the food that'd merit a "let me talk to your manager"...SOO happy this place was not a disappointment like Ramen Boy! I had ramen in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, New York, Toronto....and this place definitely did not let me down to my international ramen standards!  Prices were reasonable, portions were good, and they have the yummiest Japanese cream soda!
Areas of Improvement: egg is still not the half-cooked kind you get in japan; wish the spice powder was available for every table; more side dishes beyond the pork buns would be nice; decor could be a little bit more interesting
Overall: will definitely be back to try the other ramen!I'm tired of reading bad or mediocre reviews about this place. Anyone who is rating it below 5 stars does not realize the time and effort that goes into making tonkotsu properly; they don't understand delicious, perfectly cooked chiasu. If you are writing a negative review, you haven't had ramen in Japan. This place rocks. Gets the karai and a half cooked egg (called hanjuku tomago in Japanese). A decent ramen in Tokyo costs about 1000 yen, which is about $10. That's in a place where acquiring ramen noodles or making them yourself is commonplace. No one here really appreciates the difficulty in making the actual noodles. You don't just roll out some dough. If you don't want authentically made ramen, go elsewhere or don't eat ramen. The richness of this broth is unparalleled. Sure, it's not a 10 out of 10 on a Tokyo scale, but it's so much better than the ramen at Terrakawa which everyone seems to be confused about just how good it is.this place is pretty reasonably priced and is clearly a fast food spin on ramen, but the food quality / taste is definitely something to be desired. 
the broth is overly seasoned and it's apparently that it's quickly made (some of the great ramen houses cook their broth for the greater part of a day, if not days). the noodles themselves are of the packaged variety - similar in quality to cup noodles, perhaps a notch or two above. would not go back for another try, as there are better "fast" food places in the area. 
the redeeming factor was the pork buns - those i enjoyed very much and thought the taste was excellent.Some days you want the attention to detail and high-energy. Other days you just want a meal without a lot of fuss-and Nom Nom delivers on the latter front.
I walked in and was immediately greeted by the staff behind the counter; I ordered a Shoyu Ramen. The broth was tasty, the meat ok; the noodles were a bit heavy but overall I liked my meal a lot. 
The vibe on Sunday for lunch was very laid-back and quiet, with more than a couple single people eating in peace. And sometimes that's all you want.Stopped in Nom Nom with my brother for lunch. After living in Japan we always crave ramen and he recommended this place. The inside is nice and simple and super clean, and the people working were really friendly and nice. 
I ordered the special they had going on, the green curry ramen w/ pork and my brother got the a more traditional ramen. The ramen came out pretty quick and was delicious. Some of the best I've ever had and I almost ordered another to-go to eat later.  
Will be back againGreat atmosphere, good music, clean and quick service.  But the food....Just a plain and simple WOW! My only regret was ordering the regular size instead of the large Karai Soup!!!!Not comparable to top-tier ramen bars in NYC/LA yet should be among the best ones in Philly. Def better than the ones in University City. Cash only.I am so happy to see Nom Nom reopen after the month long renovation, however , I am so disappointed of the Ramen . 
What happened guys ? 
Nom Nom used to be my favorite place to fulfill my ramen craving in philly and I have raved about it to every single person I know . I will no longer return after this time . 
My favorite part about the Ramen from Nom Nom was their creamy broth, it hurt every taste bud on my tongue and was always made to perfection . The broth now is watered down , it was so flavorless and tasted like water plus instant noodle seasoning packets. 
The braised pork are thinly sliced now and on top of that one of the pieces was a half piece of pork. 
I understand how after the reopening you need to raise the price , which is no big deal. But , with this kind of quality ? I am so sad I have just lost a favorite restaurant from the city.Been here before, decent enough ramen. But their customer service sucks. Going in at 257pm today, I still expect to be able to order something quick. For takeout if necessary. But no, they says they're closed, I walk out and notice the sign says closed at 3pm.  So I walk back in and say the sign says 3pm, but they say the kitchen is closed. piss-poor way to run a business.  I've been part of enough restaurants, and I still work in retail.Great service, great food, and nice atmosphere!! The broth in my ramen was so flavorful!! I eat ramen quite often and I think this is definitely a quality spot with quality ramen. Service was great, everyone was very polite and there was no wait time with our food. Ramen was hot and fresh when it got to our table. 
Definitely recommended to anyone in the area!!!Although I don't have an impressive list of travel credentials to back me up, I'm going to go ahead and say this is the best ramen that I've ever had. It just completely blows away both the stuff that comes in a brick that you toss into boiling water AND the stuff in the convenient styrofoam cup that you pour the hot water into!
All kidding aside, this is seriously good. My wife got the standard bowl, I went for the Karai. In retrospect mine wasn't spicy enough for my liking, plus the ramen flavor was kind of overwhelmed so I'd recommend going with a different variety.Delicious, fresh, and fulfilling!!!! If you want some authentic Japanese ramen, this is the place to go. The spicy miso is my favorite. This place is the real deal!! My kids love this place also and I look forward to bringing my family there again this weekend.before the renovations I would have given this place 5 stars. I've been coming here since they first opened. every season I was here enjoying a hot delicious bowl of ramen. 
THAT HAS ALL CHANGED SINCE THEY STARTED HAVING WAITSTAFF.  
hello?! you have maybe 10 menu items. what do I need to have someone waiting on me for just to order some karai and possibly pork buns??!! 
when did ramen become SO fancy that you have to have someone take your two second order down on a notepad???? -_- 
thank goodness for the UC location or I would be devastated. get it together nomnom.I love nom nom ramen and eat here often. I would have given 5 stars, but sometimes they skimp out on ingredients and the flavor is lacking. Most of the time it's really good though!I love this place.  No frills, super chill, and deeeeelicious ramen.  I've tried both the shio and the miso.  Spicy miso is next on my list.  The broths are terrific - tasty and salty, the way ramen broth should be.  The pork belly is perfect, and you get a couple nice size slices.  The noodles are well cooked, holding a bit of firmness.  The pork belly buns and the spider buns are also pretty yummy!  Some weird quirks: it's cash only and when you get a fountain soda, they hand you a solo cup (no lid).  So strange! It gets busy and a little noisy in there, but service is generally pretty quick and really friendly.  It's a go-to winter meal for sure.Meh. First time here so I'll follow up after another visit. But ... the Tonkotsu, the core element of most Ramens lacked the depth and complexity of a really good Tonkotsu. 
The noodles were good but the pork belly tough, not the melt in your mouth of a really well prepared noodle bowl. And the egg was hard boiled and way over marinated in soy sauce.
Staff was friendly although the music a bit loud but that's just an opinion. The free phone charger is a nice touch.Hands down, The RAMEN SPOT while in CC. The service is friendly and helpful, the Chasu and Soft boiled eggs and the sweet spot for me in this korean owned former Bibimbap shop in north Rittenhouse. Always a great winter warmer!I don't have much experience with ramen places in Philadelphia, but this was good. The service was very attentive making for an overall excellent experience. Very friendly, decently priced place. BYOB is awesome, just make sure to bring rum or whiskey, because they don't serve any clear diet drinks (for vodka). This place is cash only.Now they have all 4 ramen options in a vegetarian broth with great veggies!
Also for Summer 2013 there is a great cold ramen salad ($11.00).
HOORAY FOR VEG-Friendly options.
I love it here - but it is sooooo salty - but today the lady said if I tell her they can make them less salty.
This time I got the Vegetarian Miso (regular size is plenty big for me - but they also have a large size) and a side of tender Toriniku Pork (I like it better than the Cha su).  I skip the egg and extra noodles (no need for me - but if you like poached eggs they offer it as an add-on.)
So happy they are here!
This is one place where I like takeout better than eat in - as they pack the broth and noodles/goodies separately and I love that!!!
And they accept LevelUp.Ordered a shio pork belly ramen, only with one small piece of chasiu. Costed around $12. NOT WORTHY!A good place to grab a quick bite. The broth was super tasty. I got the vegetarian with Shoyu (soy sauce and seaweed) broth. It was good but I thought it was overpriced for what you got.Due to the lack of Ramen houses in Philly, i have stumbled upon this place.  The Marai bowl was pretty good, not too spicy.  I may have had better Ramen, but it is as good as it gets in Philadelphia...  I am ready to Nom Nom on their other bowls in the near future!Food was good. Broth fantastic veggies cooked very well, people who had meat looked to be enjoying themselves and the noodles weren't over cooked. Happy with the food. So why is it 3 stars?
Poor service - you can't get their attention to save your life nor do they give a crap. 
So slow - I walked in and ordered with 45 minutes to eat. On a fairly regular business day it took them 35 minutes to get soup. That's ridiculous. And they didn't give a crap. 
Portion size - I'm full after a regular bowl but there was maybe two or three ladles of broth. What the heck? 
I enjoyed it, it was close to my conference and I ate well but man their poor service makes me wonder if I wanna go back.Solid ramen spot for cold nights. I usually get take out. they pack the soup and stuff separately. cash only but they have an atm inside. always glad I went.It's ok. I wouldn't go for second time. Ramen is too salty . The soup isn't fresh and tasty either .. Cash only, serve ur self !!! I don't like how they don't even have a good menu, feels cheap..Unlike what it looks from outside, the place itself is pretty cozy inside, equipped with a long table by the window for people who eat alone. It is definitely a bonus point for those who work around the area who want to have a quick bite but at the same time don't want to feel guilty for taking a table for four while there is a long line behind you.
I've tried their karai (spicy) and miso ramen. Both were pretty good, although I'd recommend karai if you have some amount of tolerance for spiciness. The broth is very rich and silky, and chashu is cooked perfectly. The noodle can feel a little undercooked, but not to the annoying extent. Nomnom still has not reached the level of its New York counterparts (ex: Ippudo), but is still a nice addition to Philadelphia restaurant scene that severely lacks the supply of Japanese ramen.
I took two stars off because you have to pay extra to get an egg in your ramen, which was unexpected, and also because the broth tastes a little greasy, which makes its miso ramen not that appealing.
I'd return to the place to have karai ramen.pork belly buns are good but they are so expensive! not worth 3 bucks a bun. 
The ramens are all consistently good, with good meats. The soup base isn't too salty, though I have a hard time distinguishing between them. A good place to go for a solid bowl of ramen. Better than several others in the city that I've tried.Came here close to closing time on Friday, & I went in with very low expectations, just in hopes of being surprised. The decor was nothing special to comment on, so onto the food. I ordered a miso ramen, & so did my boyfriend, while my sister ordered the karai (spicy) ramen. I know that this is a self service establishment, so why were some customers getting their names called to grab their food, while others had their noodles delivered to them? If it's a self service establishment, then keep it that way, as to not confuse customers or it will seem as some customers are receiving preferential treatment.
The staff at Nom Nom were very accommodating & friendly, & the noodles came out fairly quickly after we had ordered. The broth of the miso ramen was milky, with a good pork flavor mixed with a tinge of miso. The pork was a little chewy, but only had a thin strip of fat, which is what I like. The noodles were a bit chewier than al-dente but went well with the soup. The only gripe I had was that the egg was whole, and not soft & ooey-gooey on the inside, but hey at least you get a whole egg instead of half of one, right? My sister seemed to enjoy her karai ramen, but stated that it was nowhere near spicy.
Nom Nom seems to be adjusting well & I hope that the quality of their ramen only increases as time passes.Ask them to take out the pork belly ($1.85 a la carte) and substitute with an egg ($.93 a la carte) and they charge you for both.  I can't frequent places that use these tactics with customers.  To be fair, the noodles are better than instant.  However, this meal is still too salty and not a good value.  If you're in the mood for a big hot bowl of broth and noodles you're better off taking your $10 to Washington Avenue or Chinatown and buying pho, which will contain a decent amount of meat and therefore constitute a real meal.  Oh and if you don't eat pork you're SOL because Nom Nom doesn't offer anything not containing pork and/or pork broth.This is one of the few ramen places in philly that has a vegan option. And you can still get an egg if you want. They just dont force you get gobs of gross weird meat in your order. Not sure how they make the broth though.Nice ambiance! It's small, but not cramped. We went just as it opened at 11:30 am, so I'm not sure how crowded it gets during the lunch rush. The employees were friendly and service was quick. I liked that they weren't just staring at us waiting for us to finish, like a lot of smaller places.
 The pork buns were tasty. Not the best I've ever had or anything, but they were extremely good. We all got the chef's special, which was tonkatsu ramen with pork belly and. . .hell, I don't know. There was an umami bomb in there somewhere. An egg. Bamboo. Everything. There was a lot of stuff on it. I'm not sure if I'm okay with all the toppings, even though they're right there on the menu - so that's just personal taste. But listen, that was some good tonkatsu broth. I thought I'd try making it at home once, started reading the list of ingredients and the amount of time it takes and I just started crying.
 Anyway it was good. I don't know if I'd make a special trip into the city just to go here, but I'll definitely grab lunch the next time I'm around the area.Not the biggest fan. The "fish cake" that comes in the soup kinda scares me. I also thought the broth tasted funny. All in all, I wouldn't come back here again.Disclaimer: I've not had much Ramen, so I'm no expert.
I got the salt ramen, and it was really tasty,the pork was great, and the noodles were light. However it was just too expensive. Honestly how much could it have cost them to make some noodles with some pork and a few veggies, like $1? Priced at $8, there are much better lunch options. 
Drop the price to $5 and you easily have a 4 star place. It seems every review mentions the fact it's over priced.They serve great miso ramen! I suggest adding the soft boiled egg.Just moved to Philly from a small, Midwestern town and was super excited to be so close to a ramen shop. This place is great! I think it was only $8 for a regular sized bowl, which was definitely more than enough to fill me up. I got the miso ramen with the pork belly, and I can't recommend it enough. I've never had pork that decadent and flavorful! Check this place out if you haven't already!You NEED this place in your life. If you don't know what this is, all you need is one bowl and you're going to be addicted!! Get the karai, it's the best bowl there if you're into a little spice! Staff is super friendly and accommodating. New renovations warmed the entire restaurant up with soft lighting and fixtures. But then again, even if this place was a hole in the wall with horrible service I'd still come just for the soup. So obsessed!Solid three stars for ramen, considering that philly doesn't have the ramen scene that comes anywhere close to NYC. 
This was so close to my work that I was worried that it would become a daily habit... But the ramen wasn't so good that there was a risk of it becoming a daily rituals 
The noodles were al dente (I like this), and the broth was good but didn't have the (fatty) depth I was looking for. Although I liked the veggies that came with the bowl, I found it odd that the sprouts were add-on item. Also I found pork slices to be too fatty for me.Despite what all the critics are saying, this place is not good. The pork is chewy and flavorless, the toppings aren't fresh, and the noodles are lackluster. And it's overpriced for what it is. But it's doing well because it is basically the only ramen shop in the city. Ramen can be SOOO much better than this for just about the same price. Please do not be fooled.This place is an underrated gem and deserves way more people sitting inside than you see on an average evening. Brined by the delicious broth, the meat just melts like butter in your mouth... and I've tried both the pork and the chicken. Plus a delicious sampler of standard izakaya style appetizers: cucumber being my favorite. Nom Nom has stood the test of time for the last 3 years!Yum!  I walked in early this afternoon, wanting to fill my belly.  I was a bit intimidated by the "menu" on the wall -- not quite sure how to order.  The woman behind the counter was very nice and helped me with my order.  Based on her suggestions (and what she said was most popular) I got a bowl of the pork ramen with the spicy miso.  It was very good.  Yes, it was pretty darn spicy, but I liked it.  I'd definitely go back for another bowl.Very good karai tonkatsu broth, make sure to order it extra spicy!  It would be nice if the noodles were thicker and handmade, but for Philadelphia, this is one of the best noodle bangs for the buck.By far my favorite Ramen place so far. I've been to 3 others but none as good as this. Their broth is perfect and the pork belly falls apart. Their dumplings are also really tasty. One of my favorite places to go. I would go more if it was closer to my office.Only down side is that they don't take CC.I don't really know what good ramen noodle soup is supposed to be like, but I am fairly sure that the meat is supposed to be tender, not tough.  The toughness of the meat made it impossible to eat with chop sticks. I ordered my ramen soup with the addition of egg, the egg was cold and nearly hard boiled. I think the yolk is supposed to be soft and the egg sliced in half?  Again, its pretty hard to eat a whole boiled egg with chopsticks!
On the plus side, the broth was tasty (I got the spicy miso) and the hot noodles were satisfying to eat on a dreary day.
Overall, I would not come back due to the issue with the meat not being tender.  I think that if you are only doing one thing (ramen) you better have every ingredient right.A few formalities to be aware of before your visit: (1) it just opened so complaints in other reviews about inconsistent service are unfounded, unrealistic expectations; (2) cash only so far; (3) no take out; and (4) no veg option (yet, but in the works according to the staff).  Also, I have no experience with "real" ramen prior to visiting this establishment so please keep that in mind.  With that said, in a word, this was heavenly.
I went just before the noon rush.  Seating is moderate and it was packed with 20-30 people within 10-15 minutes of my arrival.  The atmosphere is modern, fast causal.  The stero played great indie/punk music in another language which I enjoyed immensely.  There was no wait to order and I ordered the Karai in the regular size with an extra side of pork belly.  The clerk was very friendly when ordering (and humble when I asked her about veg options in the future).  I waited 2-4 minutes, my name was called, and I picked up my bowl at the counter (forks are nearby for those unfamiliar with chopsticks).  My order arrived before that of others perhaps due to a more complex meal waiting for an egg?  When my extra pork belly was ready, the CHEF hand delivered it humbly.  He was also very friendly and I tremendously appreciated his efforts primarily running the lunch rush orders and hand delivering an extra side during the lull while I was already being satiated by the bowel of Karai in front of me.  A regular sized bowl was a generous portion and filling for a guy like me of average height/weight.  The Karai was a medium spice in my opinion although I like spicy food so those inclined to less spicy options may find it more than medium heat.  The broth was rich, the pork belly tender and flavorful, and the noodles undeniably perfect.  A 5-star experience in comparison to all other noodle/broth experiences so far.Decent ramen in center city. The environment is pretty casual and you order and pick your own seating, no service whatsoever. Cash only, so remember to bring cash. Went there with a friend on a weekday evening and had to wait a bit to be seated. 
Overall, I would say the food is decent. We ordered the spicy ramen Karai but it wasn't all that spicy. The noodles were on the thicker side. I have to agree with the other comments that the portions are not on the generous side and it is pricey for what you get. The portions were small and even with the added portions, the meat and broth seem to be little. I would go back when I want to get ramen but do not want to go to NYC but that would be pretty much it, not so much for the restaurant.They changed up their menu so many times it's hard to keep track, but we've been here twice and always enjoyed our ramen!! Last time I'm here I ordered the nomnom ramen, and it was perfectly seasoned, you can taste the "umami" and their broth is always on point. Boyfriend got their tender pork, and man oh man that meat just melts off! Great place, one of my fave ramen place in Philly. Probably second after Ramen Bar in University City.I had the spicey miso. Service was great! The ramen was tasty. Spice level was good, broth was creamy and full of flavor, good portions of pork belly. Only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars was the price. $16 for a bowl of ramen  (added an egg for 1.50). It was good but not the best you can get in philly but definitely the most expensive I've had. The restaurant looked great though. Contemporary decor with a few Japanese masks on the wall to give it the good ol Asian feel.Having tried Ramen in multiple North American cities, Korea, and Japan... I can say the Ramen is okay.
I don't think there was enough broth. The portions were on the smaller side in comparison to other places. The meat was succulent, but I would have liked a bit more of it too.
The miso Ramen had a dash of sesame oil. The shio broth was simple and clean. Broth, being the soul of Ramen, it was good. As for the negative reviews of this place written by others, don't think it's quite a one or two star place. It's decent, but isn't spectacular. It kind of feels like a place that caters to business people near the area. Just don't have high expectations when coming in and you're good.Still don't accept credit cards - but they do have take out - that is well packed (broth and goodies in separate bowls). I also love the little piece of nori that comes when you get Shoyu.  You can also add bean sprouts and/or bok choy for a small upcharge.
I tried the Shio this time - and liked it better than the Shoyu.  Both are salt-laden, though. And I also enjoy the Miso - but that may be from the drizzle of black garlic "nom nom" sauce on top.
Next time will try the (limited time offer) Pork Cheeks or the Soft-Shell crab buns!  (pricey stuff - but I bet it's great.)
The bad part?  With all the extra goodies (no need for extra noodles in my opinion, unless you are a big eater and famished) I usually spend about $10 on ramen.  YIKES.i left the place feeling like i had decent ramen until i got contacted by my credit card about questionable charge. they made up a tip number and overcharged my card! good thing my credit card company caught it for "suspicious activity" as they had put 50% of my meal as tip! and i know i legibly put the tip amount AS WELL AS THE TOTAL amount so this could not have been a mistake. very very very disappointed. not sure if i ever wanna go there again.Whenever I crave ramen, I would get my fix in Edgewater or NYC... but considering the distance and my laziness, I'd rather stay home.
Just when I was about to lay in bed, I suddenly remembered news of a ramen joint opening up in center city. Might as well try it out, right? 
I ordered a bowl of karai with egg. Compared to other places I've gotten ramen, Nom Nom simply isn't the same. It's all about the type of noodles and broth... Noodles were different and on the tough side. It's not like the type of noodles I would encounter whenever I order ramen. the broth here lacked oomph and seemed kind of boring. It didn't taste spicy to me at all. The pieces of pork weren't bad, though.
Aside from that, the staff were very friendly. One of the kitchen staffs said hello to me as I paid for my meal.
Compared to Philly's standards, I guess the ramen here isn't bad? I think the prices are a bit on the high side.... But if you want the real deal, venture to NY or northern Jersey.Ok but consistently mediocre. 
Compared to other joints like Terakawa and Hiro Ramen, Nom Nom is nowhere near as good but just as pricey. I've been there at least 4 times now and honestly don't get the hype.
The broth isn't as developed or complex as others I've had, the meat is thin and a bit dry, and the portions are small. I guess if you're really craving ramen, this may do the trick, but in my opinion, it's just not worth it. I'd rather walk a little further and spend money on a great bowl of ramen than settle for a mediocre one.Nom Nom ramen was very good... they have delicious noodles with the choice of several different broths. They are extremely vegetarian friendly, as they also have a mushroom broth that is very tasty... The staff was friendly and fast when they served us our food. I got an egg added on to my soup and it was perfectly soft boiled. Highly recommended and remember. They use level up so remember to save your points !!There are so many mixed reviews here- I wasn't sure what to expect. :) I tried Nom Nom Ramen for the first time today. It was super busy - lunch time - but I got a spot at the counter by the door since it was just me. Everything from the genmai cha tea to the Aka ramen was delicious! I'll definitely be back.Excellent place! I've been to more of the high-end ramen places like Ippudo, and Nom Nom really does come close in quality for less wait and lower pricing. The place is a little bit small, but it is definitely an amazing place to go for some quality ramen.Straight up obsessed with this place and oh my how they have amped up their game.
Find me a better lunch spot in the city for when the weather turns cold and when you have a craving for noodles, tasty broth and all the fixin's that come with these Ramen concoctions.  For one, I get shoyu all the way, sprouts and with an egg (you must)!  Sometimes they offer an extra add-on for the day, cabbage, spinach? 
The pork belly has gotten exponentially better and it is almost always fall apart tender goodness.  And now, you can kick it into high gear and instead of belly you can go pork cheek for the up-sell, and yum, it's a nice delectable way to switch it up.
What has really made my day is that you can get it to go - which makes this person who has to often eat at her desk for lunch, pleased as punch!
They've added quite a few new items to the menu which I haven't ventured into, but why would you ever say no to pork or spider buns? 
Am so relieved I gave this place another chance (or ten) - though it ain't the cheapest - that is, if you go for the regular sized Cadillac of Ramen - it'll cost you at least $13 but it sure does warm the belly. Not to mention it's the kind of dish you want to slurp and make a big mess for (all the more reasons to take away!)I just came home from Japan a few weeks ago and was craving some authentic ramen, so I came here. I ordered the standard shoyu ramen with bean sprouts - I tried to add bok choy as well, but they had run out by dinner time. Ordering was easy, and my food was delivered to the table in less than 5 minutes.
My meal was excellent. The broth was smooth and tasty, the noodles were cooked perfectly and the pork was melt-in-your-mouth tender with tons of amazing flavor. My only complaint was that it'd be better with some bok choy...
Overall great food, good prices, casual atmosphere and friendly service!Such a great spot. Clean and quaint spot. The two men helping me were so nice and gave great suggestions. If I lived in Philly I would be here often. The food is delicious and priced right.Hits the spot on a cold wintery day. Or maybe I just don't have any other ramen options near Rittenhouse.
I usually get the shio tonkatsu ramen, and don't forget to add the soft boiled egg. Yum!
If you order take out, they'll separate out the noodle and soup so it doesn't get soggy. I've found that even if you have left overs, it tastes just as good reheated the next day. 
Also a plus for the all you can eat sesame + pickled chilis provided. Also, from what I hear from vegetarian friends, this place is veg friendly!I ordered chefs special ramen flavor was really good but for the price I didn't think it was worth it at all. You don't even get an egg or any more food for the price. think I would of been just as happy with one of the cheaper options on the menu without spending double the pricenot bad for philly i must say! so happy that philly's ramen scene is finally emerging. not so happy this is happening now that i am no longer there! i like nom nom's self serve layout. pay when u order, then clean up after yourself when you are done. no muss & fuss of waiting for your server to come. in today's busy world, you need to be in & out when time is of the essence. and i may be the only one who loves the liquid receptacle! keeps things clean, organized and splash free- the way i like it!
i have gotten the shio, shoyu, & miso ramen and my favorite has to be the shoyu. the broth is cooked overnight and it certainly shows in the full flavor of every spoonful. the noodles are perfectly al dente and for extra, you can add a poached egg which is also nicely soft boiled. the pork here is probably some of the best pork i have had. it's tender, and just a little bit salty, and very porky...mmmm. the pork buns are also phenomenal. slightly spicy and on a fluffy white bun, it's the perfect appetizer. i will definitely be back when i come to visit philly!All due respect to other ramen places, nothing beats the pork jowel spicy ramen here. And the service is phenomenal and friendly. Highly recommend.For a small restaurant tucked on one of the more quiet blocks in Center City, the ramen served here is pretty GOOD! I've had all sorts of top-notch ramen in New York City and the broth here is comparable. Very rich and oh so good for the soul. It's not fancy in ambience but its minimalistic decor brings a little Japan to your table. 
Some downsides are that this place takes ONLY CASH and during peak hours, you may need to wait for a table (there's no take out).I am slowly making my way to all of the ramen spots in Philly. Nom nom is a good go to on a cold day. The people a really nice and the service is quick. I recommend the soy flavoring and the pork belly.Good vegetarian options, good portion size, decently priced. I've only been here once for lunch and it was a bit slow, but I'm told by friends that was an anomaly so I'm happy to try again. If for no other reason, you should try this place at least once just for the fantastic name.I am supposed to give them 4 stars, but I decided to give it 3.
First time they opened, they have limited choice of ramen. BUT the flavor was very good and the portion was decent!
Now, last time I came the soup is bland, they also cut back a lot of ingredient and the pork wasn't like before. The egg used to be half done (so delicious), but they cut my egg into two and it's over cooked.
I am so sad, that they didn't preserve their food quality.
Hopefully they took this review as a consideration to improve or at least bring the old nom nom back.I've tried the plain miso and also the spicy ramen pork soup. The soup has good flavoring without the feel of being too rich, and the noodles have a nice texture. The pork is so so but nothing to complain about. I'd say overall a good cheap eat.Excellent Ramen and solid service. I feel it is a tad overpriced but still delicious.Naruto approved!
I treated myself to a nice regular sized bowl of Kari Tonkotsu (Spicy Miso) with a side of that super tender pork cheeks, and I gotta say...it was perdy delicious. Would I recommend this place to my family and friends? Yes...Hai!!!this really hit the spot after a hangover, their prices are very reasonable and their spicy miso ramen is my absolute favorite!Great service, great food, and nice atmosphere!! The broth in my ramen was so flavorful!! I eat ramen quite often and I think this is definitely a quality spot with quality ramen. Service was great, everyone was very polite and there was no wait time with our food. Ramen was hot and fresh when it got to our table. They are so thoughtful!! We had "to go" containers and they separated the broth and noddles so it would taste better when we ate our leftovers later. 
Definitely recommended to anyone in the area!!!I've been getting Ramen here for a while now and I'm sorry to say this place is going downhill.  I can't remember the last time my soft boiled egg was actually soft and not hard boiled (how hard is it to cook an egg?). Also, I don;t know if they need more help or what but wait times during lunch are excessive which has resulted in picking up cold ramen (boo!)Food was alright. Had better ramen else where, though the environment was comfortable and neatly designed. The downside is that they only accept cash! Also, I heard they were out of certain food/beverage when another customer was ordering their dinner. We ordered a green tea. The waitress forgot about it and after reminding her, she came back to notify us that they are out of green tea.Very limited choices, great idea for fast food. The noodles are cooked just right and The flavor is close to perfection  except that the broth is a bit too rich, or you can say too fatty.A little pricey but that's too be expected for CC. Nevertheless, the quality is always on point. The flavors developed in the broth alone are out of this world. Perfect any time of year but especially when it's rainy or chilly out.Haven't been here in over a year so decided to give it a shot again. The reason I stopped going in the first place is because the pork belly was very rough and chewy. It doesn't look like anything has changed since the pork belly in both bowls of ramen I got were still rough and chewy, which ruins the ramen. On top of that the marinated egg wasn't done as well as some of the other ramen shops in the city. The price is quite high too. Ordered a regular shoyu which tasted fine and a spicy miso which had a weird sour taste. This is probably the last time I'll be coming back here.Got the shoyu, gf did too but she added the egg to it. There's a lot of flavor going on here, and it's always nice to get real ramen when those memories of college ramen days are still not so far away. The price is decent too. It's in a quietish part of the street and the inside is no frills.
I was just bothered by all the salt in this dish. Everything seemed really well balanced, the flavors were nice, it was just very homey heartwarming "feeds the soul" type food. Just couldn't get past the salt.I came here for lunch on a weekday last week and found the menu, service and food to all be different and WAY better than my last visit a year or so before. The place was packed, which I've never seen. We were immediately greeted by a server and seated promptly. The menu was bigger than I remember, with many more cool options. We ordered the shisito peppers for an appetizer. Those was very tasty. Generally, one in eight of the peppers are spicy, but we didn't get a spicy one. The peppers were grilled and had such great flavor. 
I got the house special ramen, which came with pork belly and boiled eggs. The flavors were amazing. It was a little pricier than I prefer to spend at lunch, but the portion was good and the deliciousness was worth it. My co-worker got a chicken ramen and agreed that the recipes seemed to have improved. This is exciting news and I cannot wait to return. It's a nice lunch spot too. There are plenty of booths and tables and the place is clean and well-kept. You'll enjoy it!Came here for lunch with my coworkers, the place was packed but we were seated within 10 to 15 minutes. Food came out pretty quick too. The spicy miso pork belly ramen is great. Both the broth and the pork belly are very well flavored, and I made a good choice of adding the soft boiled egg. I was a bit disappointed that the large bowl is about the same size as a regular noodle soup dish at other restaurants though. A bit pricey but definitely worth checking out!Good Ramen. Not the best in the city and a little pricy. But im a fan. Service is little abrupt but its ramen. I went all out and pork ramen with extra additions.Nom Nom Ramen may be my favorite place for Ramen in Philly. Not to mention it also won Best of Philly 2012 for ramen.
The service is fast and friendly. I love walking in starving and knowing that I will be eating delicious soup in 5 mins. 
I have gotten all of the different varities  that they offer: shio,  shoyu, miso, and karai. I highly recommend the karai if you can handle spicy food! Otherwise I would go with the shio and add a little bit of sriracha hot sauce.
I always add the extra soft-boiled egg and bean sprouts! Totally worth it! Enjoy!They have the new chicken favour soup, which i like it a lot, this restaurant actually have new stuff coming out very often compared to the other Ramen place, atmosphere is comfy and relaxing too.Try the Toriniku (pork cheek) special - or get a side order of it.
If you are a pork fan this is BETTER than the pork belly.  Still fatty, yes, but very tender.  Super flavorful.
All the broth here is very salty to me, but still a tasty winter treat.
Tip:  add Bok Choy and Bean Sprouts!The ramen was pretty good and cheap! It's a nice little lunch spot if you want to grab something nice and warm. No complaints here.I had the Shio Ramen. The soup itself had okay taste, but it was way too oily. I don't think that is pork broth oil. It seemed like some kind of oil that was added, or accidentally spilled into my bowl.  Noodle was okay. Chashu wasn't really Japanese ramen chashu, more like Chinese takeout.  And there were bamboo shoots in there, probably Chinese canned ones, not ramen memma.
Couple of minutes after I finished the ramen, while I was washing my mouth from the oiliness, the soup top oil was beginning to harden. Ummm, more water please.
Nothing to do with the review, but service was horrible. Just talking in the back, not even looking towards the tables. Maybe the worst I've ever seen.My boyfriend and I decided to try all the ramen places in the city and rank them. We brought 2 other friends. Word to the wise, order a large. The regular is not enough to fill anyone up really. Their large is the same size as other places. It was good with the tofu and bok choy and egg added. Tried all the broths between us and they are slightly above average but we found 2 other places that are better (so far...we have yet to try one more) so we probably won't come back.Really yummy and flavorful food here. The vibe of the place is really nice and the flavors are quite authentic. The best thing was, I asked my bowl base to switch from rice to salad (even though there wasn't that option written in the menu) and the staff there said no problem. The salad wasn't just some thrown together leaves, they actually did an amazing bowl. Would come back again.Either this place is going downhill or it's not as good as I remember (haven't been in several months). The portion seemed smaller, the accompaniments were few, and the pork had the taste and consistency of ham, not roasted pork. Broth was tasty and egg was nice and soft. Soda fountain wasn't working for the one soda I like (Fanta ginger ale) and the pepper shaker that should have fine white pepper was filled with ground black pepper that was too big for the shaker. Probably won't be back and will instead rely on the more reliable Terakawa.The ramen here is delicious!  My friends and I have been here pretty much every week since Nom Nom's official opening.  I usually get the Miso but occasionally the Karai, when I'm in the mood for some spice.  The broth is flavorful, the pork belly melts in your mouth, the noodles are just the right texture, and the egg (extra charge) is marinated and cooked perfectly.  I think the price is fair and comparable to other ramen places I've been to.  
During our last visit we finally tried the pork belly buns... just mouth-wateringly delicious!  But, considering it's the same pork belly in the ramen ... watch out for pork belly overload.
The staff are all friendly and always pleasant, which is awesome.  Service is extremely fast!
The only drawbacks: Nom Nom continues to be cash only, which I think is somewhat unreasonable for a modern-day business, especially one in Center City; but this is just a minor inconvenience considering the quality of the food and service.  Also, make sure to specify if you'd like a glass of (free) tap water, otherwise they will charge you for bottled water - just something to keep in mind if you're living on a student's dime like me ... and especially if you come as often as I do.  =)  Lastly, on a really hot day, I wouldn't recommend coming here ... their A/C is not sufficient to keep you cool if you're just sitting there, much less while you're downing a hot bowl of broth and noodles.
Still, I would definitely recommend Nom Nom to anyone looking for a great bowl of ramen in Philly!Yummy, vegetarian friendly and laid back. Can't beat that. I don't know too much about ramen but I thought the noodles and broth were tasty. Also, good serving size for the price and perfect for a cooler day.Nom nom is so addictive. My coworker and I struggle with not eating at nom nom every day. Ramen is one of my favorite Japanese dishes and nom nom never ceases to amaze. The vegetarian ramen is what won me over. It's pretty difficult to find ramen with vegetarian broth and nom nom's is a hit! 
They recently renovated the restaurant and was closed for about a month and it seemed to be the longest month ever! Low and behold they're back open and better than ever. This place has transformed from a take out restaurant to a trendy Japanese eatery. My only complaint would be the increase in prices but hey $10.80 is still a steal!When it comes to ramen, nom nom is the spot you wanna eat at. The service is nice and polite, the food is great, and the prices are reasonable. You gotta try the fire bomb if you love a spicy kick!I was looking for a ramen place walking distance from 30th street station and found this (about 15 minutes walk from the station).
Great service immediately I came in; wasn't sure if I could stay in and eat since I came some minutes before their closing time, but they were very welcoming and didn't rush me. The Pork Belly Tonkotsu Ramen was very satisfying and I have no negative thing to say about it. Overall, I'll recommend for its good service and friendly atmosphere.Although I wasn't really impressed by the prices, this place is close by so my boyfriend suggested we give it a try. It really just wasn't worth it. The broth was watery and smelled unappealing, the noodles were soggy, etc. I only cared for the egg and bamboo shoots. Luckily I don't eat meat because I wouldn't have trusted the quality at all. I saw other reviews saying this place is mediocre and it really is. Don't bother.Watered down shoyu, instant ramen noodles, and odd pairings are an odd contrast to the jpop in the background.  I give them credit for trying.  Definitely feels and looks like a whole in the wall.  Cash only which is so 1990s.  Debating if I'd go back or not.  I want a taste of real japan not a watered down imitation...I hate to give such a bad review, but the service I experienced here this afternoon was just terrible.  This is my third time ordering take-out from Nom Nom.  I placed my order by phone.  I ordered the vegetarian karai with extra tofu.They told me it would be 10-15 minutes.  
It took me 25 minutes to get there, so I expected my order to be waiting.  It wasn't - I was  told to wait 5 minutes.  10 minutes later, they gave me the order.  Except that it wasn't my order. After I walked the four blocks back to my office, I opened the bag to discover that I had some other person's order, which I couldn't eat because it contained pork (I am vegetarian).  I called Nom Nom and explained the mix-up.  They  told me to come back with the food and they would correct the mistake.  I asked them to please have my correct order (which I repeated) waiting because I had already used up most of my lunch break.
Well, I walked the four blocks back to Nom Nom and my order STILL was not ready.  It took 5 more minutes.  When I got back to my office, I found that AGAIN, they gave  my the wrong order.  I did get the vegetarian karai, but the extra tofu which I ordered (and paid for) was missing!  Shame on me for not checking before I left the restaurant, but still.
Other than a brusque "sorry about that" when I went to pick up my order the second time, no where in here did Nom Nom actually apologize for their mistake.Great vegetarian Ramen. Cozy, honest space. Really nice to sit, eat and enjoy. Prize is fair.The ramen is fresh and delicious. Staff is very courteous and friendly. I've eaten lots of pork buns but these take the cake! If you get a chance to stop in don't pass it up.I've been on a bit of a ramen kick lately and tried Nom Nom based on a friend's recommendation.  I had the miso and my companion had the Shio, both with a soft egg. The portions were huge and definitely worth the price, but the broth in both in the miso was too bland, and the shio, while heartier, was far too salty. I also wasn't impressed with the quality of noodle they used.
I probably won't go back unless I happen to experience an overwhelming craving for the pork buns, which were as fantastic as everyone says they are. 
I've definitely had better. If you're interested in a more flavorful ramen experience, I would check out Hiro on 12th and Chestnut.So this has only been my second trip to a ramen noodle house.  I was there this past Saturday, and apparently it has stirred my ramen craving... I've how had ramen noodles 3 days in a row... I know, so bad for you but so good!
The good... I got the shoyu bowl with a side of pork buns.  Tasty broth, no complaints here.  And I really liked the spicy sauce on the pork buns.  It was unexpected, but delicious.
The not as good... cash only is always a bummer.I went to Nom Nom Ramen in January 2016. It was a cold day and my boyfriend and I wanted something warm to eat. This was the perfect place! The staff was really friendly and the food was delicious. I thought it was a little pricey until I saw the serving sizes. You definitely get what you pay for! We received huge bowls filled with noodles and pork, and I got an egg with mine. I had leftovers for days. 
I'm also glad they renovated it, because the atmosphere in there was so calming and nice. We went when almost no one was there and got to enjoy the music and decor. We would definitely go back.Soup is not that hot and rather greasy. Noodle was reasonably good. A bit on the pricy side for ramen.I think it's pretty expensive for a bowl of ramen, it's very good so I'll give it four stars but the portion was little, I ordered a large and I was still hungry afterwards. They have a phone charging machine station which is awesome! I would come back if I ever crave ramen again.Nom Nom Ramen is situated in the heart of Center City. However, this isn't a fancy place. The menu is short and to the point. There are some appetizers and 3 different ramen soup bases that could come in 2 different sized bowls (regular or large). You can also opt to add more ingredients - additional pork belly, a soft-boiled egg, bean sprouts, other veggies - at an additional cost.
Nom Nom Ramen still ranks 3 stars, in my opinion, because a true ramen house is not fancy by any means. A good ramen place depends how good the soup bases are and how fresh the ramen is. I have never been disappointed with the quality of the ramen noodles. There is a good balance soft and al dente when I devour the ramen. The two soup bases that I always get are (regular) miso or karai miso (spicy). There are times when I find that the soup base is a bit too salty (which is why I'm giving 3 stars instead of 4). 
This place gets packed during lunchtime, but at least the turnover is pretty quick here. I mean, it should not take you longer than 20 minutes to eat a bowl of ramen. And you usually get your ramen within 3-5 minutes after ordering. I prefer to get here around 1pm during the weekdays so I can avoid the lunch hour craze. There usually isn't a busy time during the weekends.
So just remember - the service here is nothing to rave about; cash only; fast turnover.Finally, genuine ramen. The noodles are al dente, broth is wonderful, and the soft boiled marinated eggs are soft boiled. 
Five stars while the restaurant kicks into gear.  They nailed the ramen part. 
They are still cash only, and their menu is so simplified that it dumbfounds people. 
Remember: The ramen is amazing. Its the sort of ramen that japanese business people spend most of their lunch time waiting in line for. The sort of place that is tucked in a shibuya station corner with a line out the door and only 8 seats inside. 
The ramen is hooray. 
Soon they will perhaps introduce some a vegetarian option, or perhaps a ground pork or beef brisket variation.
Also, its called nom nom so thats a win. 
Go, and frequently.I'm not sure why this place only has 3.5 stars at the time of me writing this.
I walked in at about 12:30 during the runch (lunch rush) on a Wednesday, asking for a table of two. They were very busy and all of the tables were occupied. The place is a lot smaller than I expected! However, we only had to wait about 5 minutes, if not less.
This was our first time here, so we both figured we had to order the Chef Special. We went Large. It was a good choice.
The food came out very fast. Everything tasted fresh and just really delicious. Somehow I'd eaten nearly a third of my ramen before I grabbed a piece of pork belly, and suddenly the dish got *even better*.
2 large chef special ramens turned out to be $33. Plus tax and tip, it was $42, which is normally a pretty hefty price for lunch. But it was totally worth it. Especially on a blustery winter day.
Can't wait to go back and try other things on their menu... if I can be convinced to order anything other than their chef special.Saw it on the map as we were driving through. Service was slow and very hot! We were sweating as there is no central a/c. 
The bowls are large. The miso flavored noodle was interesting but there was hardly any "seafood" in the bowl. Except for the one lonely shrimp. 
Probably won't stop again. Kids gave it a thumbs down.Very disappointing place. The portion is really small when compared to other ramen places in center city charging the same place. How dare they use instant noodle to fake ramen. Very limited choices. Not very friendly customer service. The only good thing is the soup.I'm taking you down.  Taking you down to Chinatown.
I get it, you renovated and added table service.  If I remember correctly, a regular ramen used to be 7 something.  Now it's 10.  Large is 14.  Portions have not changed, just your prices.
Still cash only and now you can't walk out of there for less than 10 bucks.
It's still tasty.  I just don't appreciate the hike in prices.During my recent visit to Philly I tried Nom Nom for my dinner. The place is not huge but has decent amount of seating available.
The menu is not exhaustive but covers the traditional and basic ramen dishes. They have a daily special too, I choose to order the regular sized shiyo which comes with pork. I upgraded to add a soft boiled egg and extra pork. Overall the meal was $12 bucks.
The quantity of the food was good , the food came out quickly out of the kitchen. Now coming to the flavors, I believe the taste was decent nothing extraordinary and the shiyo was little on the expensive side. Service was good nothing special.Stumbled on this place while looking for a semi-light lunch option before a wedding.  I had the veggie ramen with karai (spicy) seasoning and I liked it a lot.  The regular size was plenty for me to eat, and it came with menma (bamboo shoots), wood ear mushrooms, and veggies.  The veggies included salad mix, raw bell peppers and grape tomatoes, which I found very odd.  The other ingredients made total sense, but the raw salad did not.  I wish they'd just put a leafy green like bok choy (which was available for an extra charge) on there instead.  I thought that part was jarring and Americanized.  I also added a soft-boiled egg, which was done well.  The noodles were nice and chewy when the bowl hit the table, so they weren't overly soft when I finished eating.  The broth was very flavorful, but not overly salty (a problem that really irks me--when drinking a bunch of liquid, it shouldn't be painfully salty).  The spicy was a little spicy, but not crazy hot.
Overall, I liked it a lot and wish I had a place like this near me!  The staff was very friendly, and I thought the price was reasonable, especially considering the location.  I know the atmosphere is unremarkable, but who cares??  I just care about good food.  Its 70s-80s look just reminds me of saimin places that I grew up with in Hawaii, which is definitely not a bad thing at all!  :)  I would definitely go back if in the neighborhood.I am by no means a "Ramen Connoisseur"....hell the only ramen I ever had was the square pack you boil in water and dump the flavor pack on...but while working in the city for a couple days I walked by this place a couple times and said to myself "Self...you gotta go in and try REAL Ramen"
Holy. F.  I am glad I did!!!!  This place is AWESOME!!   A large bowl of ramen here will fill you up, and the ingredients are delicious!!  As many other reviews point out, the pork is so tender and downright succulent.  Yes....I said SUCCULENT!!   Want a soft boiled egg in that ramen??  F YEAH you do!!!   Want an extra kick to spice the broth up a bit??  Karai style all the way baby!!!
My eyes have been opened, and I now weep as I stare at the crappy little ramen packs in my cupboard....My favorite here is karai (spicy miso). It's close to work and probably the only legit ramen this side (west) of center city. The pork bun is decent but sometimes the bun itself comes a bit dry. Also don't get the egg. If you expect the nicely softly boiled egg with luscious yolk inside you will be disappointed with somewhat hard boiled eggs. No option to sit at the bar and doesn't accept credit card other than through level up.By far my favorite ramen place in Philadelphia. The noodles are perfection; just the right texture and consistency. The broth is good too.
It's a good, no-fuss ramen place. Just plain good ramen.Limited choices, great idea for fast food. The noodles are cooked just right. The flavor is close to perfection, except that the broth is a bit too rich, or you can say too greasy. My friend said it was not like this before.I order pork toro with spicy sauce. It's spicy and the soup has a strong flavor. The server is very attentive to us and gives advice to my order.It's not the best japanese style ramen in Philly. I somewhat disappointed. I ordered Miso Ramen and there was not egg. If you want egg, you need to order additionally. Anyway it's not bad either. They have ramen only and nothing else. No side dishes. No Credit Card. No.... I don't believe some other people who wrote great recommendation for this place.Ah Ramen, my staple diet of my college years.  This place is not your College Ramen, but that being said I found it on the whole to be an average Ramen noodle place - 4 types of broth offerings, extra meat or egg costs you extra and your options are to go Regular ($6.50) or with a Large bowl ($9.00). A regular will feed you just fine, unless you're starving.  As you know, no take away, you can only eat on site - and oh, cash only for now, folks.
Overall:
Broths - solid, tasty but nothing that will knock your socks off. 
Ingredients - egg cooked on point (not completely hard boiled, just perfect), fish cake and bamboo shoot are acceptable, but the pork belly was overly chewy and disappointingly stringy.  Wish there was more of  ingredients overall.  A little more variety, please!  
Final word: nothing extraordinary. not particularly memorable.The ramen was decent but a little too expensive for what you get. The broths were tasty, but excessively salty toward the bottom. The noodles were nice and chewy, but the pork was just meh (and you only get 2 small pieces). One thing that was kind of cool was that if you add on an egg to your bowl, they somehow make a soy-marinated soft-boiled egg that oozes yolk when you bite into it. 
Portions were a little skimpy and the food itself underwhelming for ~$8-9 a bowl. I'd consider coming back if I lived closer to this place, but it's not really worth going out of your way for.Love the (veganized) spicy karai, love the free soda refill, love the free phone-charging locker, love the friendly service, but too bad:
1) This place is cash and LevelUp only
2) I've had much better-tasting ramenI loved my food here. Rich broth in great vegetables with tender pork in a spicy miso sauce. Noodles were delicious and the meal was filling (didn't opt for large).
No ambiance whatsoever, no real service (though cashier was nice enough and did bring our soups to us). $14 for my soup. I'd say that's about $5 too expensive. Such is life at 18th and Market though.First time at a Ramen house, and I picked a good one, in Philadelphia of all places!  I had the Pork Toro Ramen, and it was delicious.  The pork had excellent flavor to it.  Lots of ingredients go into the soup, including bamboo shoots, bean sprouts, an egg, and of course the noodles.  I thought it was a bit pricey, but given the quality, I would be willing to pay up again!I come to Philly to visit and the first meal my friend took me is Ramen at Nom Nom. He told that this is the only authentic Ramen in Philly and is a must- try. Coming from LA and being a Ramen fanatic, my reference is usually Santuku in Torrance. So I love the opportunity to judge the East Coast. 
Boy was I impressed. Their broth, noodle and looks are all up to my standard, especially the noodles which is soft yet chewy. I was later told by the owner/chef that this is a special formula made to their own specifications.
Then Soft boiled egg which is done just right, and a great addition to the well prepared pork. I also tried a bit of the special cold noodle that my wife order which is great tasting too. 
I still have to try the pork bun, so I am sure I will sign in a few more tim befor I return to LA.Nom nom nom.
The karai (spicy miso) is delicious! The broth is hearty and flavorful, and the noodles are cooked pretty well. It was amazing with a soft boiled egg.
The pork buns are also awesome. They are flavorful and a great compliment to the ramen.
I'm so glad ramen has finally arrived in Philadelphia.we came here on a weekday afternoon. they are still in their soft opening phase so they were only serving the first 50 I believe. The sitting area is very clean and simple, it was really cozy for lunch or catching up with friends, but I wouldn't come here with a date, it too simple, unless that's what you are looking for. This is a place that could easily become a regular spot, unfortunately too far from where I lived. 
We got the regular sized Shoyu & Karai ramen and pork buns. The Shoyu is a soy sauce tonkotsu broth served with pork belly, fishcake, bamboo, kikurage mushrooms, scallions & seaweed. I loved it! It was not salty at all (which some soy sauced ramen does) and it was flavorful but not overwhelming.  Karai is their only spicy broth, have the same ingredients as Shoyu with "nom nom sauce" drizzled on top. I only tasted the broth. To me, its the kind of spice where it starts off burning slowly and then grows in your mouth. Not a real big fan of spiciness, so to me, it was HOT spicy. To my friend, who loves spice said it was just right. The pork bun can be worked on a little bit more. I think it didn't taste as crispy as it should. It could have been more tasty.
Over all, I liked it and I will definitely return for some more!I've been here twice. The last time, I tried the Shio vegetarian ramen. It's a bit overpriced for what it is ($12+)--but it's ramen, so it's still super affordable. It is lacking in vegetables--but overall it's warm and tasty. I think there is a need for better ramen bars in Philly though, because this isn't anything spectacular. I'm surprised people give it such a high rating.
The ramen is not something I'd travel out of my way to taste. If it wasn't a few blocks from my apartment, I'd skip it altogether. However, the day I went was cold and the warm ramen was very satiating. 
I will try the pork bellies next time I go.  
Cash only.Wasn't expecting much from this place based on the reviews, but it's definitely not terrible and will satisfy your ramen cravings.
This restaurant opens at 11:00 AM so my friend and I went around 11:30 AM and were the first there. By 12:30, when we left, the restaurant was still quite empty. Perhaps it was a slow day. We ordered the pork buns and my friend ordered the special and I ordered the 36 hour pork broth with spicy miso. The pork buns came right away and after we finished, our waitress brought us our ramen with no wait time in between.
Pork buns: The pork buns were pretty good! One order comes with two pork buns. The sauce is on the heavy side and they are very messy to eat. The pork belly is SO fatty - which may or may not be a good thing depending on who you are. The actual bun is soft and overall, they taste pretty great.
36 hour broth spicy miso - not too impressed with this. I ordered a regular size and while I could not finish it all, at $11.50, the portion was definitely on the smaller side that the price was not justified. I felt as though i could find a better deal in NYC. I did not find the broth to be very spicy, but it was SO SALTY and VERY OILY. It comes with two slices of pork, which are the same as the ones in the pork bun. The surprising thing is that this ramen doesn't come with an egg! I thought this was a staple for any ramen. Lots of bamboo shoots in the broth, though and comes with one Naruto.
This is my first time trying ramen in philly, but I was not impressed. It is okay and not a bad experience to eat, and definitely still tasty! However I would say that this was not one of the best ramen places I have been to.Spicy, spicy, spicy! I absolutely love the spicy miso! I added a soft boiled egg for $1.25 and it was a great complement to the other ingredients. The miso starts at $11.25 and can get pricey but adding extras...even extra onion is 0.65 cent. 
It is not the BEST ramen I have tasted but 
a great spot to grab something to eat for lunch. I order online for pick up to eliminate the wait time and be aware seats are very limited so parties over two will face a challenge for a seat. 
Also, the offer vegetarian options that I hear are quite delicious!The best undervalued ramen joint in Philly.
Keep it that way, keep it under radar; just like a hidden gem.
Normal ramen price. $9.50++
Generous portions.
Tasty broth. The broth to die for.
Get either shoyu or shio tonkatsu ramen. It won't disappoint. I'm glad I don't have to add salt and pepper on my ramen.
Street parking and it's a hard one; since it's located in the area where there's not enough space.
Friendly cashier.
Expensive appetizer -better to save your money to get additional toppings or extra ramen..
Cash only.
-
I hope everything stays the same. Forever. Their taste, their price, and their portions. :DThe food here is absolutely amazing! My fiance' and I come here every time we are in the city. The atmosphere is great, the food is phenomenal, and the staff is amazing!Very good ramen noodle dishes and very pleasant service but the place is a  bit dingy.I went for lunch around 11:30 a.m. on a Friday, and had my pick of seats! Service was speedy and excellent. I had the chef special- it was fine. The soup became lukewarm more quickly than I would prefer. The special was $12.50. It seemed more pricey than ramen should be? Maybe that's normal, I'm not sure.Big fan here. I've gone with the Shio twice now and have been totally satisfied both times. The broth is amazing, salty, and flavorful. Include a decent portion of noodles and suuuuper tender bork belly and you've got a nice quick meal.
I'd be careful about any daily specials. My friends got the pork cheek once which sounded amazing, but just didn't really turn out that well. The extra tender cheek meat came out with a strange consistency in the broth.A friend of mine introduced me to this establishment the last time we hung out downtown, and I just had to return.  This is a small and cozy establishment which offers plenty of food for a reasonable price (for Center City Philadelphia).
The food is, of course, delicious!  If you want to impress your friends with your chopstick skills, there's ample opportunity to do so; if you eat in, you get nice plastic chopsticks with a huge spoon, but to go, you receive the typical disposable wooden chopsticks (as well as regular utensils if you need them).
If you get food to go, be prepared to take out a sizeable bag o' stuff, especially if you go for the special that they have up front (argh, I forgot the name, but I had the Miso flavor).  The staff is willing to explain what each option is.  There don't appear to be any paper menus, but everything is posted on the dry erase boards to the left of the counter.
So if you have a hankering for true ramen food that's not the cheap dorm room staple that most people are familiar with, I recommend stopping by this restaurant.
Honestly, the main thing that makes me give this restaurant 4 starts instead of 5 stars is the fact that they ONLY accept CASH, which can be quite the bummer if you don't typically carry a lot of cash around.Mmmmm.... pork belly.
I don't have any serious experience with ramen, but I do know that this is delicious. The atmosphere is boring... as to not distract from the DELICIOUS RAMEN. The menu is uncomplicated... and delicious. This is delicious. And cheap. This is cheap, delicious ramen. There's nothing else to say.finally, a ramen joint in center city!!  i've been here 3 times now and each time, my ramen craving is satisfied.  
i usually get the salt broth (shio?).  the pork pieces are super tender (sometimes too fatty).  it is not the best broth (think....ippudo mmmmm) but its good enough.  
it is self serve with 3 booths, tables/chairs, and counter facing the window.  
cash only!So excited that there is a ramen place in Philadelphia.  We had both the Miso and Shoyu ramen.  The pork belly is truly melt in your mouth yummy and if decide that you more noodles to your soup during your meal, they will let you have a side order for $1.85.Some coworkers took me here and I really liked it a lot.  I'm not usually a fan of ramen, but I had a change of heart after coming to Nom Nom.  I tried a vegetarian ramen with their original shio.  Their website describes it as: seasoned with salt and white soy sauce, tonkotsu broth. Comes with chashu, kikurage mushrooms, naruto, bamboo, scallions, and pickled ginger.  This one was my favorite.  I also tried pork ramen with the shoyu sauce (savory soy sauce tonkotsu broth is served with chashu, bamboo, kikurage mushrooms, naruto, and seaweed).  The shoyu was a bit too salty for me.  I preferred the shio and will probably get that again next time I go.  As for the ramen itself... the noodles are just the right consistency and the broth was delicious.  The vegetarian ramen comes with mushrooms, which I am a big fan of. I also really liked the pork ramen. Great for a cold day when you need something to warm you.  Definitely recommend it!  
Tip: They're cash only!  But they have LevelUp!  Also, it gets pretty crowded around noon, so go at 11 or 1:30 if you want a table.  They also took a while to serve us around 1pm - and we got served really quickly when we went at 11.  So if that makes a difference to you, I'd say go on the earlier side.I finally broke down and tried Nom Nom as I could not see myself paying $10-$12 for ramen.  A co-worker raves about it so I gave it a go.  I was pleasantly surprised that I actually really enjoyed it.  However, as I suspected, it was way overpriced...although it's tough to find anything under $10 in the city.  We got a table right away, but the place was packed and others had to stand around and wait to sit.  I had the Shio vegetarian, no egg or any add-ons.  I thought it was filling and yummy and perfect for a cold rainy day.  I will definitely go back next time I have a craving for some warm noodle soup, but it's not a place I will go regularly.